Mr. Joseph Cook's Lectures. "DOES DEATH END ALL?" THE Albert Hall, on the evening of the 20th instant, was crowded by an audience who listened attentively and appreciatively for over two and a-half hours to this lecture—the first of the course. Hia Honour Judge Hakdujq occupied the chair. Mr. Cook opened his lecture by a reference to the great men whom England as well as America was at present mourning, propound ing the question: Is there no Thomas Carlyle now anywhere in existence in this universe? no Charles Darwin, or George Eliot, or Lord Beaconsfield, or Garfield, or Emerson, or Long- fellow; is there no Prince Albert or Iron Duke now, no Wilberforce, Shakspeare, Newton ? Is there no Robert Burns now, or Robert Chalmers, or John Knox ? From this he pressed the question more closely, ask- ing whether there was for these men, for the audience, or for himself no more per sonal immortality than for a snuffed-out candle? The question was whether the relation of the soul to the body was that of the harper to the harp, or of the harmony to the harp. If the former, the harper might not cease to exist when the harp was destroyed; but if the latter, the harp being destroyed the harmony must dis appear. He did not claim in answering the question "Does Death End All?" that he could bring life and immortality to light without the Bible: but he might bring them into the twilight. He claimed that there was no Reasonable ground for a belief that death ends all. and if he could prove this he might fairly call upon the materialist to say what does. If we could pass death and retain our indi viduality, who could say but that literal immortality is before us ? His arguments would be drawn first from conscience, next from physiology, and lastly from revelation. Quoting from Hamlet's soliloquy the words— But that the dread of something after death— The undiscover'd country from whoso bourn No traveller returns—puzzles tho will, And makes us rather bear tho ills wo liavo Than fly to others that we know not of. Thus conscience does make cowards of us all, he urged that Shakspeare was not writing at random when he used these words. Three, at least, of his greatest plays were written to illustrate his ideas of conscience. Tho lecturer argued that if Shakspeare was right, if this feeling was found im planted in the mind of man, then there must be something to match it. There was in Nature no fin without water, no wing without air, no migratory instinct without its appropriate climate. God never breaks his word with His lowest creations, and would keep faith with the organic instinct He had created in conscience. His next argument was based on the physiological constitution of man. From diagrams on the platform he explained the three forms of matter—living, nutrient, and formed. He laid it down as a maxim that all formed matter was produced by living matter —nothing else but living matter or bioplasm could take up inanimate substances and turn them into living matter. The lecturer then brought forward some of the wondrous powers of bioplasm in weaving tendon, muscle, and nerve, pointing out that so far as science knew the germinal matter or bioplasm, which existed in an acorn, could not be distinguished from that which builds the frame of an eagle, a lion, or a man. The weaver was in every case the same; how were we to account for the different web pro duced? Every change must have an adequate cause, and accredited science agreed that there was a power behind the shuttles —the imma terial substance called life. Showing distinctly that this was quite distinct from crystallisation, though at one time the theory had been hold that growth of animal tissue was a kind of crystallisation, he proceeded to argue that tho power which effected this must also be distinct from matter, as it made every part to match every other, and showed forethought in pre paring for events to come. Matter could not foresee, could not choose. If asked to define life he would say it was the power which directs the motion of germinal matter. The cause must exist before and independently of its effect. Life is a cause of form in organisms, and must go before and exist independently of those organisms. If this were the case why could he not go to the other end of the argu- ment and say that life could exist after the organism had ceased and, if God so willed, weave us another body, a spiritual body in another state of existence adapted to our wants there as the present body is adapted to this life. It was no more wonderful that we should live again than that we should live at all; it was less wonderful that we should continue to live than that we had begun to live; less wonderful that this weaving force should weave us a body out of the finer materials of another state than that it should already have woven us one out of the stiff low clay of the present world. After elaborating this idea somewhat, he turned to the arguments afforded by revela- tion, saying they had seen the starlight of science, but if they wished for the sunlight, it was found in the Bible. Beginning with the admission of a prominent infidel, that the resurrection of Christ as an historical fact was as undeniable as the assassination of Cæsar, he argued that the resurrection proved the divine authority of Him whom it attested: His divine authority proved the doctrines He taught, and among these were His own Deity, the immortality of the soul, the necessity of the new birth and of the atonement, and the eternal judgment. We trust Him when He speaks as never man spoke, and assures us that in Hia Father's house are many mansions. He it was who said to one on the Cross—' This day shalt thou be with Me in Paradise ;" and on another occasion—" The hour is coming when all that are in their graves shall hear God's voice and come forth.' Thus life and immortality were brought into the broad light of noon. The lecturer next spoke of the unity between the different arguments. Alluding to the refer ences to a spiritual body, he asked what was it that flashed in the eye and gave light to the face ? He had asked a great physio- logist what that was, and he could not tell. Man was composed of body, soul, and spirit, and the teaching of Paul that ''there is a natural body and there is a spiritual body" was to-day the brightest teaching of science in Germany. There wasn, he maintained, no dis sonance between science correctly taught and the Bible rightly explained. SPIRITUALISM and Biblical Demonology. Thekb was again a large attendance at the Albert Hall on the 21st instant to he.tr Mr. Cook's lecturo on the above subject. Tho chair was taken by his Excellency the Governor. Mr. Cook said that whoever stands in a re sponsible position and discusses seriously in public the topic of spiritualism stands along a lino on which if he slips there hangs over him tho crack of doom. On such a subject no mistake could bo ho small as not to he colossal. He would not assert there was nothing in spiritualism—that it had never yet shown any effects which cannot be explained by science. What if one or two occult laws are yet beyond our ken ? What if there arc more things in the human constitution than arc dreamt of in our philosophy ? What if we yet need to spend some yeaw in investigating the nervous system and the Twain and the power of mind over matter ? He took the hypothetical position, and all he had to say that night on spiritualism was sum marised in the two letters—if. He would discoss the whole matter hypothetically. If such and such statements could be proved in reference to alleged spiritualistic phenomena, such and such inferences would follow. He believed all the Bible said as to spirits, both white and black; hut if it should be shown that on modern evidence this can be justified, he would not, as a defender of the Scriptures, regret the fact. The chief positions of modern spiritism are two —the possibility of intercourse between human beings and disembodied spirits, and the trust worthiness of communications thus received as , sources of religious knowledge. A real spiritist asserted both, and would sift out from those communications a new religion, a new creed. A. modern demonologist, on the other hand, might assert the reality but not the trustworthiness. He himself claimed to be a biblical demonologist. The modern demonolo- gist believed that 'the existence of spirits has been proved by modern evidences, but all theologians believed, on biblical evidence, that evil spirits exist ana tempt us, and in various ways have manifested themselves in all ages; but this was quite a different thing from a belief that such existence had been proved on modern evidence. Even if ho believed that the existence of spirit com munications had been scientifically proved, ho should not for that reason believe in their trustworthiness. He claimed that there had not only been no scientific proof of the trust worthiness of spiritist communications, but even of their very existence. There had only been two or three men of scientific eminence that had ever given any attention to the subject. A second reason for caution was the multitude of frauds which have already been exposed. Probably the opinion of seven out of ten of the soundest heads in the community was that seven-tenths of tho alleged phenomena were the result of fraud; two-tenths were probably the result of nervous disease, and of the remain ing tenth, it might be said, either there was nothing in it or Satan was in it. He was, how ever, shy of admitting this last cause, be cause there were a number of others which might account for the effects produced. The Bible is attested as a supernatural revelation by events outside of natural law; so all Chris tians maintained, and so they found them selves able to maintain in the face of the highest scholarship of the globe. Christianity stands to-day not so much by political protec tion from above as upon the pedestal of ren dered reasons supporting it from beneath. The question was raised: What is to hinder a new religion being founded upon spiritism? the Bible is maintained to be a revelation by supernatural attestation; the events brought forward by spiritists are supernatural, and they may attest a revelation. He maintained, in answer to this, that there was nothing supernatural in the alleged phenomena of spiritism—they were merely superhuman. Nature simply meant all that was created, and even if good and bad angels were all around us they were not super* natural — they were all created. If the reality of spiritistic phenomena be granted they are not supernatural; they are simply superhuman, and cannot attest to reve lation unless they stand in connection with the supernatural. Tho Bible was attested by strictly supernatural evidence, but all that spiritism could bring forward was simply superhuman events which could not stand a moment in opposition to the supernatural events which attest Christianity. If he could make this distinct his audience would at least be delivered from the fear that spiritism may establish itself as a new religion on the basis of these phenomena, and Spiritists themselves would be delivered from the hope that they can compete with Christianity. Take Sweden borg, Where arc the prophesies that attest him, where are his miracles, where the supernatural acts he performed, where is there anything in Swedenborgianism that is more than human ? He spoke highly of the character of Swedenborg himself, and of all his followers so far as he had known them, but very strongly condemned some of his writings as tending to wreck the family if carried out. The Bible had come through polygamous ages and ages barbaric compared with ours, but it had come pure in all its teachings, and he con tended that nothing but divine superinten dence could account for the purity and sub limity of that volume. Christianity worked well in its results; Spiritism did not. As tending to prove that spiritism, if super human, was from beneath rather than from above, he said that the instrument known as plauchcttc, which wrote on a slate by merely placing the hand on it, had dropped out of use merely because its communications had grown in many cases obscene and blasphemous. He would have the pulpit to emphasise what the Bible said on this subject. The Bible warns iw to beware of evil spirits, and teaches us to lift ourselves to communion with those whom God makes ministering spirits. We arc sur rounded by a cloud of witnesses, and, in answer to prayer, jjood spirits muy impart lofty thoughts and pure feel in<,'M. He could not say that we should be distinctly conscious of it; but who could tell but thut the actual words were in some cases inspired into the sacred writers t He thought there were parts of the Bible verbally inspired, he believed the whole was plcnarily inspired. Let us do all wo cau to prove the Bible truo from modem evidence, but let us also believe that the highest communion of all is open to cveiy one oi us. • "God i>; Conscience." The attendance at Mr. Joseph Cook's third lecture was somewhat larger than on the previous night. The Hon. J. K. Dicksox, M.L.A., occupied the chair. Mr. Cook began by saying that the truth of science, as he had once heard a renowned German professor affirm, is not so much that man has conscience as that conscience has man. We are in the grip of it, and arc likely to be, so long as wo continue to exist. He would pre face his remarks on God in conscience by a few words on God behind natural law—behind physical and organic law. Thero were only three kinds of natural law—physical, organic, and moral; and if the Divine presence could be shown in physical and organic law we should bo far on the way towards proving that it is also in moral law. Supposo that to-morrow morning tho sun should rise, having in scribed across its face, in letters brighter than its own light, and such as to be visiblo throughout the illuminated half of the world, the words, "Holy, Holy, Holy, Lord God of Hosts, who was and is, and is to come," one would think that before the awful light of such an inscription had passed three times round the earth it would have scaled from off the burdened world most of the ulcerous growths of sin, and would have caused selfishness, malice, and greed—those colossal serpents writhing in our streets—ito wither to ashes, would Bring purity to the cheek of corruption itself, and would in tirtie turn into another channel the course of tpe dolorous and accursed ages. Now to the secret eyes of science the sun is thus inscribed, and not the sun only, but every natural .object—the. sea, the mountain, the star, the lowliest violet, the human frame. There are two propositions which prove the Divine omnipresence in natu ral law. First-, there are in the universe only matter and mind; secondly, matter cannot move itself. Therefore, whenever matter moves it must be inferred that its motion is caused by mind. ,Dr. Carpenter had said .that the only scientific ground to take is that the force in this universe, filling all parts of immensity and eternity, originates in will. Sir John Herschel had said that gravitation is nothing but the constant, exercise of the Divine will. Such a doctrine transfigures creation. Dr. Carpenter never said a better thing than when he affirmed that the universe is not governed by law; all we have a right to say is, that it is governed according to law. Out side the Bible no one proposition had ever been of more religious service to him (the lec turer) than that which affirms, in the name of exact science, the spiritual origin of force, the Divine omnipresence in every natural law. Those who would read the best books would find this docrine taught by accredited science the world over; there was no university in the world teaching philosophic materialism. It would be said this was pantheism. But the laws were not only created by God, but were maintained in force by Him just as the object in a mirror is created and maintained by rays proceeding from that object. This had been the simile of Jonathan Edwards, and he was never called a pantheist. Nature is finite; God is outside and beyond it, for He is infinite. He next combatted the idea of some that the universe is a machine created indeed by om niscience, but wound up and allowed to run. Every machine made by man, he -said, ran by the operation of a law outside itself, as a clock by the force of gravitation, a waterwheel by the power of water; but the distinction was tbit outside of gravitation and the other forces of nature there is no second law by which they run. Therefore this theory had been generally abandoned by scholars. He then proceeded to deaLmore particularly with the subject of con science. Thero were two definitions —the popular and the scientific. Conscience was loosely defined as the soul's sense of right and wrong; but the strict definition was—the soul's sense of right and wrong in motives. Under this latter definition conscience was always right. Conscience was not only a perception of what is right and wrong in intention, but also a feeling that we should follow the right and regret the wrong. Motives being the influence that determines the will, and the will the thing that determines all actions, we find conscience at the head of the faculties. The lecturer next dilated upon the immense power of the word " ought;" that one word, he said, outweighed all but God Himself, and that was because God was in that word. There was a sense in which the moral law was tangible in a most definite sense by the soul. Snakspeare had brought out this point over and over. They would all remember the words of the ghosts that appeared to Richard, Let us sit heavy on thy soul to-morrow. As a friend's hand touching our foreheads reveals our friend's soul, just so, only more so, do these natural and moral laws by which we are enswathed, and either blessed or cursed, reveal the soul of that God from whom there is no escape, either in this world or in that to which all men haste. The lecturer also brought out the fact that all our terms and gestures referring to what is wrong are downward, while those relating to the right are upward, stating as to the reason for this it was one which a more scientific age than our own would investigate. When, again, conscience is on a man's side it fills his face with a light that, other things being equal, overawes every other light. The Question Box Lecture. A very large audienco assembled on Satur day afternoon last at the Theatre Royal to hear Mr. Joseph Cook give what is termed his " Question Box Lecture." For the information of those who do not thoroughly understand the mode in which these lectures arc conducted, it may be stated that a box for the receipt of questions was left in a convenient place on Fri day and Saturday morning. Owing to the lengthy explanations necessary in some instances, only thirty-three questions were answered, much to the disappointment of some who sought enlightenment or who were desirous of tripping the lecturer, one person having only three out of twenty-seven questions answered. A few of the questions and answers may be given as fair examples of what the majority were. One person wanted to know whether the rainbow did not exist over since there was lhfht and rain, or whether it was ordained specially by God after the deluge as a sign that the world would not again he destroyed l»y a flood '! To this Mr. Cook replied that rainbows had been before the Flood just as bread and wine existed before they were ordained to form the material for the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper. Two other questions were, —" How can you reconcile God's fore-knowledge with man's free will?" and "Can a perfect beiug allow evil ?" To these Mr. Cook replied that man was not predestinated by God to evil or good. He was to all purposes a free agent —was a ship, God floating him and tilling the sails, butallowiughim to hold the rudder himself. Sin was an abuse of a free will, for man had in him a faculty of knowing when he was doing wrong, and liad the will to do wrong or other wise. Another questioner a«kcd for " A brief definition of the Trinity ':" The lecturer said the Trinity might be easily comprehended by the knowledge of the existence in one body of thought, choice, and emotion. All three were separate attributes, but were working in one body. In reply to another question ho said that he believed man hod two bodies—one which could be felt, could be touched, and another which was the spiritual body, and was occupied by tho soul after the first death. In answer to other questions he said that the second probation, or what is known as purgatory, was unscriptural and unscientific; and he believed that tho bereaved would meet and recognise the dead personally after this life. It 18 impossible to give anything but a brief outline of the class of questions and answers ; but it may safely be said that throughout the largo audience appeared to consider the answers given very satisfactory, and with one or two exceptions there was no ill feeling engendered. One of the exceptions was a reference to the. effect of theatres, against which Mr. Cook spoke. i Sunday Afteknoon. Mr. Cook delivered a lecture in tho Theatre Eoyal on Sunday afternoon, on the " Cortain tios of Religion.** Mr. Oook began by stating that a little while ago we were not *in the world, and that a little while hence we should bo here no longer. It was no guess—it was a certainty —that we were all going hence. The human race waß a tree, and we were the leaves ; the tree would remain, but the leaves must fall. A second certainty was that we all desired to go hence in peace. He assumed now that it was believed that when we died wo went somewhere — that we did not die like the dogs. Apart from the Bible, imagining himself in this room in solitude, with the doors closed, and the roof open, he purposed to auk the question, on the clear ideas of common- sense, what is our religion — what can be knowryis to the condition of our peace when we go^henco? Standing on the two certainties already mentioned—that he must go hence, and that he wished to go in peace—he came to the third, the final and colossal one: " I cannot go in peace unless the going harmonises with the three things from which I cannot escape while I exist—the plan of my own nature, the omnipresence of God, and my record in the irreversible past. My self, my God, my record." As the human body was made upon a plan, the different faculties of which must be at harmony if there was to be peace, just so was the soul made on a plan. He must find out that plan, and yield to it; otherwise he could not have peace. In order to have peace we must follow the fundamental laws of our constitution. We must use the soul as it was meant to be used, and not in the opposite direction. Supposing he could not say what was the plan to be fol lowed in order to go hence in peace, yet there was a plan according to which it was best to live. It was a great certainty that tho best way to live was to live the best way. He went further, and said ;.t was a certainty that we could find out the best way to live. He knew that his hand was intonded to close inward, because in so closing it thero was no friction. He knew that a piece of machinery was working properly when everything worked smoothly, and without" anything breaking or jarring. He must bring his soul into such a state that the various faculties were at harmony—that they were frictionless. After dwelling upon some of the higher attainments of nuraan nature, as shown by the particular attributes of different men whoso characters were revealed in history, ho said Christ was the only man in whom existed together all the attributes of what ho (the lecturer) termed a " full- orbed" man. Ho did not assume the now deity of Christ, although he believed we had ( perfect evidence of it. But we had also perfect evidence of His and He showed us what conscience was at human ity, its best. To go hence in peace, it was necessary for the faculties or the soul to bo in harmony, and as this was the case with Christ, he took it as demonstrably true that tho natural way was Christlikc. He knew there was no peace for him unless he yielded utterly to his attributes as shown in Christ. God was a being from whom wo could not Eee. If we loved what Ho hates and hated what He loves it was selfcvident we could not be at peace with Him. He did not say that it could be proved outside of Revelation that there was an atonement, but he could prove that we needed one. It was a supreme certainty that we must get rid of the love of sin and kill sin; otherwise we could have no peace. We could not get rid of the love of sin. We could not blot out the record of sin, and we needed a screen between that record and ourselves to cover it from God. "Two cannot walk together unless they be agreed," and before we could be brought into harmony with God there must be an atone ment. The Bible says—"Look away from yourselves, and behold God as your Saviour." We were not saved by good works, but by the atonement, if we were saved at all. Sunday Evening Service. The theatre was crowded in the evening, Mr. Cook being announced to take part in the ordinary evangelistic services at that place. Mr. Cook spoke principally in reference to the efficacy of Christianity in obtain ing the salvation of the soul ; the ease with which the mediation of Christ might be obtained, and the necessity for prayer and an absolute submission to the will of God. Two things, he said, surprised him in Australia, the absence of tramways in Melbourne, and of a Young Men's Christian Associa tion in Brisbane. He spoke of the great good the latter would do, and also pointed out that men who would work and were not above delivering tracts in the streets were the class wanted as members, and, he honed, would be forthcoming. He strongly urged on those who could afford it to help on the work, and said ho was rejoiced to hear that not only a Young Men's Christian Association, but a Young Women's Christian Association was also about, to l»o formed. He challenged any infidel to pray with devotion, confession, penitence, and submission to God's will, and not feel a ray of light fall upon his soul like a thunderbolt into the oak. " Failures in Unbelief." • The concluding lecture of the series was given in the Town Hall last Monday evening, on "Failures in Unbelief—a Reply to Historical Scepticism." Tho chsiir was taken by his worship the Mayor. Mr. Cook, in his opening remarks, made the assertion that in our days there are no foreign countries, and justified his statement by a description of the speedy communication now available between the most distant countries, enabling the traveller to go all round the globe in less time than it took in olden times to travel round the Roman Empire. Now it was impossible for any organism to live belaud a screen ; the mental seclusion of the dark lands of the globe was being broken up.% If Christianity succeeds, as in his mind there was no doubt she would, nhe would Biicceed for the whole world; the battle waa now set, and the prizo was this entire globe. There never before had been such an oppor tunity as waa now afforded to the Christian world in the present immense extent of civili sation, and never was the opportunity for intidelitv so vast as at this present hour. England and France and America were great, hut the Christian world was greater. He then went on to enumerate various circumstances which ho regarded as evidence of tho spread of Christianity in the present day. At the beginning of this century there were only fifty translations of the Bible; now there arc 308, and so many copies printed that there was one copy going tho round among readers for every ten persons on this planet. There never was a time when it exercised the political influence it does to-day; never a time when so many people studied it as to-day; never a time when it was so widely distributed among the masses, and when the masses were so well able to study it. At the opening of the present century there was in the United States one in every fifteen of tho population inside the Evangelical Churches ; to-day there was one in five. He spoke much in favour of a Church independent of the State, expressing the belief that nothing elso tended to make the Churches so strong There always would bo a good deal of free thinking where education was so widely extended to all classes; it was not infidelity, but he thought it would be a full century before this phase had been passed through, and the pulpit must be prepared to meet a good deal of crude thinking among the people. It was not one man in a hundred among strong-minded laymen who was fit to settie the great questions for himself. He did not object to freethought, if with adequate preparation, and conducted on one's knees. Recurring to the progress of Christianity he said that during the first fifteen centuries of its existence it gained 100,000,000 of adherents; in the next three centuries, a hundred millions more; but in the present century it had gained 210,000,000. There were at least a million of Church members in heathen lands, and the Christian churches in Japan were beginning to be self supporting. A century hence there would, he believed, be fifty millions of Christians in India, and if the progress were as fast as during the past twenty-five years the number would be reached in another quarter of a century. The old Hindooism was dying out among tho upper classes, and when they began to adopt Christianity the change would be very rapid. His own statement that Buddhism leaves every nation that practises it drifting in a pro longed state of childhood was applauded to the echo in Japan. Turning to tho other side of the picture, he argued that infidelity was never so relatively weak as in the present century, and supported the conten tion with some interesting particulars regard ing tho infidel organisations in the United States. He proceeded to speak of tho great increase in the number of Christian men in the colleges of the United States, stating that 80 per cent of the students wcro now known to be Christians in sentiment and practice. The Churches had founded the colleges, and the common schools, they had broken the neck of slavery, and it was they who enabled the country to be taxed higher than any other for education and moral training. Emerson ought not to be described as an infidel, for in the latter years of his life he called himself a Christian theist, and laid special stress on the first part of the title. After a hopeful review of the State of religious feeling in England and Scotland, in the course of which he had occasion to plead in behalf of more com plete and more prolonged training for the Christian ministry, he said that in Germany at the present time the young men patronised the evangelistic colleges in preference to those of rationalistic tendencies in the proportion of ten to one, whereas fifty years ago almost the reverse was the case. The battle had gonE against rationalism in the theological faculties where it held sway twenty years ago. He was not now speaking of the German Church, which had been greatly injured by its connec tion with the State, but it was thought tho time was coming when the evangelistic Churches would no longer be content to receive their pastors from the State, and when, sooner than receive rationalists, who were sometimes ap- pointed, they would secede. On the field of historical criticism nothing had had more influence than the mythical theory—that what ever miracles are described in the New Testa- ment are to be regarded as exaggerations and devout fancies, woven about a nucleus of historic verity by the imaginations of the followers of the Founder of Christianity. Not more than fifty years ago it was thought the earliest book of the New Testament was written about tho year 180; now, between the year 34, the date of the Crucifixion, and 180 was time, an Strauss thought, myths and legends could have grown up ; but now it was shown that four of the epistles of Paul must have been written before the year 58, and upon this had been founded a computation, which he explained, showing that only three years could have elapsed between the resurrection and some portions of those epistles, a fact which had completely destroyed the mythical theory. He also pointed out the coincidence between the Old Testament pro phecies and the fulfilment in the New Testa ment, and the events which have occurred since that was written, and concluded with a short prayer and the benediction. LI'NCHKON TO Mil. .IOSKI'IC TOOK. A complimentary luncheon in honour of the visit of Mr. Joseph ('ook was given in the Protes tant Hall, Ann-street, «>u Tuesday, when about a hundred ladies ami gentlemen sat down: The chair was occupied by the Itev. K. Griffith, at whose right hand sat the guest of the occasion. The luncheon gave general satisfaction, and at its close. The Chairman moved the following resolu tion :--" That the cordial thanks of the com mittee be given to Mr. Joseph Cook for thchighly interesting and instructive X cturox delivered by him in this city ; and especially for the gratui tous services rendered with such ready courtesy and ungrudging expenditure of physical energy on Saturday and Sunday last. The committee also desire to express thoir earnest wi*h for Mr. Cook's personal welfare, liis >afe return home, and a lon-,' life »>f useful work for the great Lord and Master in and under whom we aro all living and w.nkin;;; :ill.l in whose pro* sence we hope to meet when the work and part- ings of life are over." This *was seconded by the Rev. F. T. Brentnall. Mr. Cook, who was received with prolonged applause upon rising to reply, said he took their commendation of his work not as Addressed to himself as an individual, but as to one student of religious truth, and he con sidered that their object was not to compli ment him, but to express their interest that such work as he had in providence been called to do should be well done. He should carry with him none but sunny memories from sunny Queensland, and added his thanks to those already given for the attendance of the diffe rent chairmen at his lectures, and especially for that of his Excellency the Governor. He thanked the Press for the generous notices given, and went on to speak in eulogistic terras of his experiences of men in Australia. Pioneers were picked men, and he did not know where he had met so many men of high intellectual ability as among the 3,000,000 inhabitants of this continental island. We had in Australia a different climate, and ere long would have quite a different popu lation from that of either the United King dom or America. There was an Austra lian physiognomy coming into existence, and there would be an Australian line of artists and poets. He regarded the present generation as the Pilgrim Fathers of this young civilisation. The first cities here were greater than any others in the southern hemisphere- Melbourne was greater than Rio ; but in South America there was a servile class which there never would be here. As for tho stories of Queensland slavery, he should go homo to tho United States and tell the people there that he had looked in the face of the people who would govern in Queensland, and had seen a thunder bolt which would nut a stop to all the abuses of fifth-rate men in the labour trade. This climate would bring some special temptations; but he prayed the people of Australia might set an example that might be followed in the adjacent islands, in Japan, in China, and in India. -Looking forward to tho time when the population born here should come to the front, he implored the Pilgrim Fathers to do their very best to make the Australia of those days a supreme power in the Southern Hemi sphere, not only in political and industrial matters, but also in the great regenerative force of the world south of the equator. Ho wished Australia to rise and shine, and send forth beams into China and Japan and India. Ad vance Australia, so ran his prayer; advance into all neighbouring lands the light of Bri tish institutions adapted to her present posi tion ; and, more than all that, the torch of Christianity may bo borne aloft, so that it may be true of it that the more it is shaken the more brightly it may shine. The second question box lecture, announced to take place in the Town Hall last Wednesday evening, attracted a large audience, and was received with attention throughout. Space will not permit of giving more than a few of the most prominent among the answers given by Mr. Cook. The first of these was as to the duration of the " day " mentioned in the Biblical account of the Creation, and, in reply, the lecturer said it was ordinarily under stood by scholars to be used as a symbol of an indefinite period, or as a designation of an indefinite period. He himself inclined to the second of these, and it would be found that in our own day both these meanings were com monly implied, as when we say such a thing happened in Ctosar'a day or in Luther's day. He did not suppose any scholar in the world would hold that the creation occupied six days of twenty-four hours. The expressions " morn ing" and "evening" in the account he re garded as poetical ways of marking the opening and closing of each period. On the question of the character of David he pointed out that David's crimes were recorded in Scrip ture in the boldest manner, which in itself was an evidence of the honesty of the Book; but scholars were all agreed that David wrote the 51st Psalm, containing the deepest agony of re pentance ever breathed, and in this repentance and the final triumph of good in his character lay the justification for describing him as a man after God's own heart. In reply to another question he said he believed the his torical books of the Old Testament had a spiritual sense, but that we ought to go no further in the allegorical interpretation than the New Testament goes. He ac counted for the large number of sects by the fact of human depravity, and recommended as the best means of uniting them on a common platform the increase of sound religion, though at the same time he pointed out that evangelical Churches were at one when it came to answer ing the question, What must a man do to be saved ? On the subject of tho great pyramid, the lecturer was of opinion, after much study, that it was a marvellous record of historical facts, but that it had no connection with theology, as supposed by Piazzi Smith. There was one question which, he said, amounted to this, If design proves a designer, ia not God himself a design, and who is his designer? The answer was that if there was in the universe a de pendent existence there must also be an independent existence, on the same prin ciple that you cannot carry up a chain for ever without something to hang it on. Several questions were answered bearing on the subject of future rewards and punishment, and the views of the lecturer on this point may be summed up in his expression that character tends to final permanence, and that until a man learns to love what God loves and hates what God hates he cannot live at peace in His presence any more than two can walk together unless they be agreed. A final per manence comes but once. He would not say when final permanence comes, but believed we had no right to lean on any opportunity of repentance after death. He would not hmself rest the weight of a linger upon that idea, and God forbid he should recommend others to do so. Punishment did not always appear to be remedial in this world, but it was not useless; these things were written for our instruction. Just as he would explain punishment in this world so he would in the next. He rejected the fundamental doctrine taught in Cox's Salvator Mundi, aud in Canon Farrar's works on the same subject, and would refer his hearers to the fuller exposition of his views on the matter as published in his lecture on the " Final Permanence of Moral Charac ter." He also alluded to the story of Dives and Lazarus, pointing out that, though in the intermediate state, there was an impassable gulf Hrcd between them. To-day, he urged, is the day of salvation, and not the day after death. A number of other questions, referring principally to what the querist considered con tradictions and discrepancies in Scripture, were answered by the lecturer apparently to the satisfaction of his audience. 