[?] OHUROH OF ENGLAND OR CHURCH OF ROME. ' To the Editor of the Protestant Standard,) .SIR, — As It was announced in the . fort Augusta local paper of Saturday lust, that the. Rot; E. C. Spicer, of S.ydney, (some time curate, in charge at 'Port Augusta and aftorwhrdsi curate at All Saints' Church, St. Eilda, Victoria) and the Rev. J. F. Stretch, of Victoria, would: preach in the Church of England, on Sunday;' October let, I' with some mistrust and curiosity; attended. The incumhent, the Rev. P. R. P; Dod J and the two visiting clergymen- ofiiciating were all- dressed with black cassocks down to the feetover' which they, wore white surplices; to the knees, with green, stole or scarf, with many, crosses, orna- inents of .the Latin Church,: (see Roman missal, explanation' of cMprirs used .by, that Church) riot the simple white'robe pf'the Protestant Reforma tion.- - Tlie' Roods' ' on their ' backs -. we , do not complain'uhout,- ris '.tliey in riiostcases represent -the degree' or' collegeAf the 'wearer. The service was conducted very beautifully - with the aid of the choir until the three' clergymen' proceeded iii procession tri the holy table-forlnitheir words the' altar) itk the .following iorder : Mr. Spicer leading took his position -knbelingi with Ris back to the people, in front of the, silk cross; placed on the wall at the buck of the. Communion Table ;>-Mr. Dodd on. the right and, Mr. Stretch on the left;- Having knelt in silence a few minutes -Mr;) Stretch stretched it indeed. Ho, blessed; himself on the breast in the -form . of a cross with his, fight hand. The prq-oommunion servioe- and; hymn ending, . Mr. ..StfetohrasBonded , the, pulpit and repeatedjpart of Bie ;Sayiour'8 .comraisBiori' to His ' d\eo\\\ei,: In fNopiine;-P et Spiritns Sanvti Amen at ' the ; same time . bles sing himself in the forrii of a/ cross, with his faop turned to ; the Lord's table, arid h'is/ hapk 'to the people. - 'Tlie subject- of - his ' serrribn was St. Michael, and -All Arigols.' -: 'Why such' things are tolerated., in a; voluntary Protestant Church 'I know not. ". The ; -Victorians' and (Now, South Welsliirien . will not , permit: such things : the money and. the power are in the hands of the people. - Will you, Mr..Editor; or some one com P®!'!'!''' 1® cbhfchwarden,. committee, or vestry- '""'P. are our, people dead or sleeping:? ©.parents look out for your,. children and meet the disease in the beginning. What was done by those priests in Protestant ' clothing, (?> ., at the ; celebration ; of the Lord's Supper or . .Holy Communion," I need not stay' to explain that the elevating of the broad and cupi' which they, call the Host in a foreign ohurbh; 'with many bowings and , scrapings- was portion - of the ceremonies, (see articles 25, 28, and 31' Chiiroli 'of 'England; the; .Westminster Gonfes'sion lof' Faith; and the abridged 39 articles by the Veri.3 John Wesley in 'the Wesloyan. 'Methodist Service book,: pub- lisbcd hy.,tho .authoiity of: thcrUonferenoo of England.) . Thb.preaelier, .at the. : evening service was Mr.. Spicer, and .very . spioov he was. As the morningpreabhef had done, ho also. repeated part of the Savibuf's commission : Iri the Name of. the Father; arid -'of; the Son, and of, the; Holy Ghost. Amen'.; Thanks' to the, Fathers and Martyrs of our Refbrmed Church, ' the' .compilers of the evening service, there fhoii can bo no show, only the drapery on ; the 'oflloiiit.ing ;;olergyinen ; for those high gentlemen' will not celehriite the Lbrd'a Supper in the evening; they do not. like it aba" sup per " it was instituted a'icl prefer to cbnBne it to a breakfast (with fasting) . In God'sNairie lot us returii the good old Protestant Churohiof England sliyle, and do_aIl things decently, rca8pnably,-.spirttually and:in order, and abide Jaithful to the Church to pliich we. belong, if it ,is tlio Church of our.choice; or go to; the one we try to imitate and be honest. In cbnqlusibrij , I may say; that . the,: incumbent some months baok fried ;tO;introduce a largo brass cross, two brass bandlosticks,; arid 'flower ' stands j but' Aho' peoples' wrirdori,''riiariy th'ariks to him, called li meeting, whichR'minirii'piisly put the cross atid' Caridlesticks.; aside ; but: the clerk; in 'holy orders; was npt to bo' put down ; -'lie, efectbd a silk cross, which 'cost four pounds' odd; 'sbttirig: the wardens and pcoplo'who opposed n't defiance. ' - ''> 'V - I ' Yours, Ac;;"-; : : ' ! SENTINEL.-;! Port Aucusta, Got. 11, 1882. ; un ,"-:iCaii this. Rev. Mr.'- Spicer he - the same who not very longiago ;was Aomporarily-bufatb- in the very ellbminate! atmosphere of ;St.wMark'8,!inbar Sydney; ; and who-rrVbntured to-.f write, to itiie Standard assuring us that the tone of that church scrvice.was altogether free, from. ritualisrii, , excep tionally simple .and plain, in fact, like .ari;ordinury English. vilage;chu'eh ? Or is he some:.real!ive of the same name ?j ; Perhaps, tlio.! pruoticos . hero described being what'hb desired, even thb.".bodily exercise " of St. M ark's was corisidered'comparu- tively ' sirripleV ' and ho found ; it more ' easy to carry on'- ' in" South ' 'AristralidV '.when ' the; latib Bishop in his Idter -years' became weak' bnbugh' to encourage ' these "' puerilities ; which 'Re-' in ' ' his vigorous ; days . ; disliked. Bishops - ' '-cannot ' 'be depended on, our; '-late; Bishop for years was mourning over the 'doings of-Mr. Kemmis at St.- Mark's," yet in the-ond Re expressed Ris wish to make him a Canon,vwhich, of courses-is taken by the millinery party as approval. The people ' must help themselves or lose. — Ed. P. i'. 