fggMes' %tftmxL LADIES' NEWS-LETTER. [From our Lady Correspondent.] London, JNovemoer 6. Practically and theoretically history is tor ever repeating itself. On the occasion of the recent visit of their Boyal Highnesses the Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh to Bristol, the weather being wet and the pavements muddy, a loyal municipal officer, like another Raleigh, gallantly dragged on nis overcoat and laid it down as a carpet for her grace to walkover. Transatlantic photographers seem incapable of printing off sufficient portraits of the English celebrities now starring in America, judging by the fact that the London Stereoscopic Company have supplied for dis tribution in America not fewer than 200,000 photographs of Madame Patti and Mrs. Langtry, probably the largest order of the kind ever given ©r executed. The inhabitants of the New World are as enterprising in one way as another, and always to the fore. A company of Americans thrown into the en forced society ol each other improved the occasion by turning a large luggage van into a temporary ball-room, in which dancing was kept up during the whole of the journey. Music and refreshments were somehow im provised, in picnic fashion, and so the time passed quickly and agreeably away. How different this from the heavy stolidity charac teristic of the ordinary British traveller, who usually endeavors to shorten the wearisome hours of protracted travel by sleep, or with proverbial taciturnity wraps himself up in an impenetrable cloak of reserve, and resents the smallest overtures of sociability on the part of fellow-voyagers as an impertinence that cannot be too strongly set down. While the fate of Arabi hangs in the balance interest concerning him is naturally keen, and curiosity rife as to his personal character and domestic ties, no less than as to his former political relations. The mother of the rebel pasha is described as an old woman with white hair, simply dressed in a woollen petticoat and blue cotton jacket. To an interviewer she is reported to have said, ' I am only an old fellah woman ;' to another, with true maternal pride, and as if the re lationship ennobled her, she added, 'but I am Arabi's mother,' touchingly observing they were happier in the old days, when her son was not in power. Afterwards she could not sleep till he came home, even feeling it necessary to take the precaution to lock up the water he drank lest it should be poisoned. From Lady Gregory's letter to the Times I extract the following passage, which will be interesting, ^nough.to.-^iccount for its inser tion :-4' The sole |urniture..of -the reception jroomief -Arabia wife .consisted of several hard divans, covered with biosrn linen, and a tiny table with n crochet autimtfeassftr thrown over it. On the whitewashed walls ' the only ornaments were portrai($r!--f him in - ilaek wooden frames, and one larger photo graph of the 'Sacred Stone oPlEecca;.' In' the chamber where Arabi* Mriiself sat'- and received there was a similar hard* divan, two or three chairs, and an inkstand covered with.stains.' The writer of the letter goes on to say— 'Arabi's wife has a pleasant, intelligent expression, but having five chil dren alive out of the fourteen which have been born to her, looks rather overcome by the cares of maternity. She wore a long dress of green silk—' My husband hates long trains,9 she said, *and would like to take a knife and cut it off, but I say I must have a fashionable dress when I go to visit the Kedhive's wife and other fashionable ladies.' The meal provided for the guests consisted of boiled chicken and broth, followed by force meat balls, rice, vegetables, pastry, and several native dishes in abundance. Lady Gregory further remarks that the hostess lamented the short notice that had been given of the visit, and said that if she had known in time she would have have had. a cow killed. Two ol Arabi's children (girls) waited on the visitors, and brought the water for them to wash their handsin. Ihe curious in such matters have been sorely exercisedin know why that charming woman, talentedauthoress.andintrepidtravel ler, Lady Florence Dixie, never attends that shibboleth of the aristocracy, Her Majesty's drawing-rooms. Sinister rumors, prejudicial to this spirited woman, having been circu lated, she takes the trouble to account for her absence from them — a voluntary one as it turns out. Lady Dixie affirms that, in ignor ance of the court rule, which enjoins that no lady shall present herself before the Queen's majesty unless she conforms to certain sump tuary laws, sheattended her firstdrawing-room without the indispensible plumes and lace, and a more glaring misdemeanor still was that she wore her hair short like a boy's. The Lord Chamberlain subsequently admonished this lady in respect of her shortcomings, re questing for the future that she would observe the conditions set down in the code of etiquette.' Preferring her own independence to the passing honor of viewing her sovereign's face in an occasional crush at Buckingham Palace, Lady Dixie declined to conform. She continues to wear her locks a few inches in length, eschews lappets and feathers, and feels more at home in her saddle, riding cross legged over tropical plains or well-nigh im penetrable tracts of territory, than she would if tricked out in court dress storming a barri cade of her aristocratic contemporaries, in a futile attempt to reach the guarded precincts of the presence chamber. Amid all the enthusiasm which awaited the return of the hero of the war no welcome could have been so sweet to General Wolseley as that of his wife and little daughter, who stood on the Dover pier weeping joyous tears over the safety of, and the reunion with, a beloved husband and father. I believe the agents of Madame Tussaud have secured some of the spoil taken at Tel el- Kiber, which is now on view at her 'rooms in Baker-street. Madame Adelina Patti's travelling im pedimentia is almost equal.in bulk to that of Madame Sarah Bernhardt, which caused the Custom-house officials so much trouble when that lady landed at New York a year or more ago. The famous prima donna's luggage con sisted of forty trunks, and she was accom panied by two maids, one of whom had lived in Adelina Patti's service for more than twenty years. Anamusing anecdote anent the Bishop of Soder and Man is going the round of society. During a recent journey by rail his lordship requested a porter to look after his luggage. 'How many articles?' quoth the official. 'Thirty-nine,' replied the prelate, with a humorous glance — not daring to say a wink — at his compagnon-de-yoyage. 'That's too many, I am afraid,' said the company's ser vant, in perfect good faith. 'Oh,' said the bishop, ' I perceive you are a Dissenter.' A society has recently been formed for the purpose of prosecuting physical research, and one of its first acts is to invite information concerning what we are accustomed to call spirit manifestations and ghost stories gene rally. It is thought close investigation of the facts or fancies relating to supernatural appearances will result in the abolition of these time-honored visitants.. It is consis tently believed that the mysterious sounds generally attributed to immaterial agencies can be reasonably accounted for. In short, the members of the society desire all persons to assist them in airing the subject as much as possible, anticipating that thorough venti lation will serve to disestablish ghosts, or rather disprove their existence. When the Earl of Airlie died some months back, the story of the fateful ' drummer boy' who never fails to herald the death of the head of that noble house was related in nearly every current society journal. Almost every ancient family has its traditional spectre, as firmly believed in as the heir's right to the family estates. The little old lady of Berkley Castle, Gloucestershire, the banshee of the O'Neills, these are only examples of prevail ing and long-established belief in the super natural, a belief that hitherto neither ridi cule, education, nor the light of science have been able to root out of the hearts of many persons, alike remarkable for sound common sense and entire freedom from the nervous sensibility that is apt to work upon the ima gination of its possessors. To those who believe in omens it must have seemed an ill one that the American theatre, in which Mrs. Langtry was to have made her debut, should have been burned to the ground withinavery few hours of her intended appear ance. Fortunately Mrs. Langtry 's costly thea trical wardrobe had not been sent in advance, otherwise it must have been destroyed like the stage effects and properties of less for tunate actors and actresses who are on the general staff. A contemporary remarks that ever since the exodus, the Hebrews have never ceased to crave for the fieshpots of Egypt. The Roths childs are the -virtual owners of a considerable portion of the fertile land in the region of the Kile, their share in Egyptian bonds being popularly estimated at £12,009,000; and by nice calculation some one has discovered that the yearly income of Baron Wilhelm Roths child, is about £28 per hour, or nine shillings per minute. Though vast as the sum thus represented is, in Sew York there are a few private individuals whose fortunes are far in excess of the almost incredible wealth of the prince of financiers. The art of chiromancy is a revived study that is exciting a good deal of attention just now. It is announced that Alexander Dumas is anxious to become a proficient in this occult science. Two other eminent Frenchmen, Des baralles and Chapelle, were skilled in the art, and it is said of the former that being con sulted by the Empress Eugenie, when she was in the zenith of power as to her probable : future, he prophesied with much exactness the evil fortunes which eventually befel the Napoleonic dynasty. Alarmed, the Empress eagerly demanded if she would, like her predecessor the unhappy Marie Antoinette, perish on the scaffold, and was much relieved when answered in the negative, it being announced by the Empress to her friends subsequently that she never ceased to dread a similar fate, and that the thought of it haunted her perpetually like a terrible nightmare. There is always a fashion in pets as in other things, and it is marvellous to reflect on the amount of human affection bestowed — I do not quite like to use the word ' wasted ' — on domestic favorites, dogs especially. How often do we see a wretched cur pampered and petted into a formidable nuisance, and by silly injudicious treatmentdivestedentirely of the natural -characteristics which are the reason or excuse for its being. In Paris this foolish favoritism is carried to a more absurd extent thau even here— and that is saying a good deal. There are, I believe, at this moment, not fewer than 11,869 men and women who, in the French capital, subsist by making personal habiliments and ornaments for pet dogs, and each separate species has its special fashions. Toilet requisites, such as brushes, combs, sponge?, soaps, &c.; , are selected according to the animal's supposititious requirements. The 'Griffon,' which is a long-haired dog so much prized by French women, must be closely shaven over the body, leaving only a lion-like mane and tufted tail— an absurd perversion of natural laws that is to be despised. Smooth terriers are frequently decorated with gold bangles soldered above the left forefoot, and with the owner's monogram engraved thereon ; rough terriers, to be dressed in orthodox fashion, must have dull metal collars, with inserted medallions, each containing the portrait of the possessor or some particular friend ; pugs and other dogs of similar breeds have what is termed the 'officer collar,' tied beneath with a colored ribbon; for evening wear, a collar with a simulated white tie is substituted, and every wellcared foranimal is daily provided with 'cothurnes,' or boots, when he goes walking. These are made of leather, and secured by indiarubber rings. This, at least, is sensible. The taking cf such precaution saves serious trouble and vexation, and is a protection against the havoc pet dogs often make with dainty dresses and delicate furniture when coming home with wet or dirty feet. Living not a hundred miles— hardly so many yards, in fact— from the home of that rising artist, Mr. Alma Tadema, I have been privi leged to see a magnificent piano lately added to the artistic Lares and Penates of the cele brated Anglo-Dutch painter. The body of the instrument is of the form of a ' Broadwood grand.' Ihe supports are moulded alter nately of ebony and rosewood, the other woodwork being English oak. A great deal of fine ivory is used elsewhere than on the keyboard. The sides of the case are pan- ' relkd and carved with devices representing the cocky ^he'oxrl, and the cuckoo, with their characteristic cotes in musical rotation. The 1 top cf the instrument is inlaid withgeometri- | feat patterns in ebony: ^tortoiseshell, iyoty, mother of 'pearl, aird white' woods, inter spersed with darker ones. A handsome silver plaque in high relief , of tjie drowning of Orpheus is t-eing executed for 'Mr. Tadema in Naples. This will when finished be let into the panhel at the end of the piano. Colored glass windows are a special feature of the artist's residence. Byzantine windows shaded with gold embroidered satin curtains are visible from the exterior of the house, but once inside the great door, over which the monosyllable ' Salve' is conspicuous, tha visitor seems at once transported from a com monplace world into a region of enchantment and fairy-like splendor. For the behoof of any equestrian readers I copy an excellent piece of advice — ' Your head and your heart keep boldly up, Your hands and heels keep down ; Your knees keep close to your horse's sides, And your elbows close to your own.' You have only to follow these simple direc tions if you would excel in the art of graceful horsemanship. A contemporary says these rules should be pasted inside the hat of every ri(?er of both sexes. The stroDg prejudice that once existed against so-called mock jewellery has been in a measure dispelled by time and custom, and pretty fashionable ornaments, however in expensive, if the design be good, are quite admissable, always provided vulgar excess is avoided, and that the ornaments themselves are not pretentious. Above all, it is impera tive that when the least tarnished or dis colored they be immediately put aside or otherwise redipped. I have been told that ladies, by following the simple directions given below, may renovate their own jewellery. I have not tried the plan, so cannot from personal experience guarantee its efficacy. However, here it is : — Take a pint of boiling water, or a little less, put it in a clean oil flask. To this add one ounce of cyanide of potassium ; shake the flask and the cyanide will dissolve. When the liquid is cold put in half a fluid ounce of rectified alcohol ; mix well, and the preparation is ready for use. All kinds of gilt jewellery may, it is said, be rendered bright by brushing them with the above fluid. Ladies who are fastidious in respect of real ornaments as they are styled do not hesitate to wear silver jewellery washed with a solution of real gold. A silver bangle can be so colored, well and peraa . ncntly, for about 5s. or 7s. Brooches, ear rings, &e;,, can be plated in the same way, and thus the objection to spurious imitation is obviated, pure gold and silver being the sole metals employed, and the innocent de ception of making silver look like the more precious metal is injurious to no one, nor should affect uncomfortably the most self exacting as regards integrity even 'in trifles. Washed ornaments, when not in use, should be wrapped in cotton wool so as to exclude the air. . ? 