u. BY WILLIAM BLACK, Author of " Macleoc of Dare," &c.;, &c.; [Published by special arrangements with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter III.—A First Cast. Fitzgerald did not get to sleep soon that night. As he walked rapidly away down the Fulham-road it seemed to him as i£ five-and thirty different ways of beginning this fateful review were pressing in on his mind, and that he had lost all power to decide which was preferable. If he could have seen but the first page of the novel it might have given him some clue perhaps. But here he was eagerly and anxiously sketching out plans for reviewing a book of the contents of which he was wholly ignorant; and it ap peared to him as if his brain had got the better of him altogether, and was running ahead in this aimless, distracted, and fruit less fashion quite independently of his control. At length he reached a dimly-lit little court yard in the Fulham-road, on one side of which stood a plain two-storeyed building. The ground-floor consisted of a large studio ; the upper floor served as a bedroom, and that Fitzgerald had secured as his lodging. He went carefully up the outside stair, un locked the door, lit a match and then a lamp, and here he was in the middle of a fairly large low-roofed, apartment, somewhat scantily furnished, but quite sufficiently so for all his wants. The floor was for the most part bare; and here and there was a bit of faded Turkey carpet or a withered old rug which had most likely been flung out from the studios below as being even too worn and decayed for painting purposes. It was a fine place to think in, for there were few temptations in the way of luxury about; and he had plenty to think of. The projected magazine; Kitty's surprise on hearing the good news; the wonderful evening lie had just spent, and the strange contrast between the two great men : nay, precise conversation of which he could re member every word ; all these things were enough to occupy him ; but nearer than any of them _ came this pressing matter of the re view. Yv hat a chance it was! And they said that L ondon was an unfriendly city ! Kow it could not be any interest in salmon flics that had led Mr. Gifford to place this opportunity before one who was quite unknown to him. True, Mr. Gifford had seen certain excerpts from the Cork Chronicle which Mr. Hilton Clarke had asked to be entrusted with (K.B. What would Kittv say to this ? Was not that the act of a friend'!), but Fitzgerald had a great distrust of himself ; he had not re garded these things of much value, and, cer {ainly Ire Iiad never thought they would en title him to have the chance given him of con tributing toctlic Liberal Review. At this moment all his thinking went clean out of his head; for there was a tremendous noise beiow—the noise of a powerful, rancoiis bass voice that bellowed, or rather that rattled with the rattle of small drums— /. " Should auld acquaintance be forrvrr-got." "There's .that brute begun again," said Fitzgerald to himself, with a groan. But the brute, whoever he was, seemed t.o; have no intention of continuing the song. There was a dead silence, in the course of which Fitzgerald speedily recovered liis thoughts again. And first of all he was determined that, if the book gave him any fair excuse, the re view should be a friendly and good-natured; one. For Jie had carefully noted certain' remarks (what had he not carefully noted during that momentous evening?) that Mr. Giilord had addressed to Mr. Hilton Clarke with regard to the projected magazine. "For one thing, my friend," Mr. Gifford had said, bending his keen eves on the tall, blond-bearded gentleman opposite him, " I would advise you, in going over to this new thing, to leave behind you the affected pes simi.-m -of the Weekly Gazette" (this was a weekly journal to which Mi'. Hilton Clarke was understood to contribute). " That con tinual belittling of things; that continual discontent witli everything that turns up in politics, or literature, or art does not pay. It is not wise. When the ptiblie find you always discontented, always looking at the hopeless side of tilings, always declaring that everything is going to the bad, they begin to suspect that you have reason for this discon tent—in other words, that your circulation is decreasing. How that is a fatal impres sion. Besides, people will not read a paper that fills them with gloom, hi or can you bully the public with impunity. It is no use attacking them and scolding them, or treat ing them with scorn and contempt. You see, the public have simply to leave you unread, and that is a terrible business ; for then, you perceive, you cannot hurt them, but they do hurt you." "l" should have thought," said Hilton Clarke, with a. gentle smile, "that the circu lation of the Weekly Gazette, was somewhat bigger, a little bit bigger, tban that of the Liberal Review." "Yes, no doubt; no doubt," said the other, cheerfully, " though I am in hopes of seeing their relative positions reversed some day. But that is my advice to you. That tone of disappointment witlieverything makes people begin to think that yon are not getting on as well as you might be; and that is very bad. Then the advertisers. Mind ycu, the adver tisers are also vertebrate animals, and they make up a considerable proportion of the public. And if you go on from week to week declaring that British tradesmen are univer sally swindlers, that railway directors should he indicted for wilful murder, and so forth, mind you, your advertising agent may have a bad time of it. Say he goes into a big cut lery place in Oxford-street. The foreman goes up to the master, 'Here is the adver tisement from the Weekly Gazette, sir. He wants us to take the outside page next week.' Then very likely the cutler may turn round and say, 'The Weekly Gazette be hanged! Tell him that swindling isn't paying well just now, and we can't advertise. Swindlers, indeed! Swindlers themselves! The Weekly Gazette be hanged!'" Hew this advice, though it seemed to young Fitzgc-rald at the time to be not quite in accordance with the ruat caelum principles professed by the Liberal Review (which was a very courageous, and vehement, and plain spoken organ), nevertheless appeared to him to be sound arid sensible. Accordingly he now rc- solved that, if the merits of the book permitted it at all, he would treat it in the most friendly fashion. Instead of scourging him with rods from out the groves of Academe the Liberal Review would take this new disciple by the hand and encourage him, and bid him be of good cheer. Or what if the book were very good indeed, and alto gether beyond need of patronage ? Then let literature be congratulated on this new adhesion! Fitzgerald remembered that the Liberal Review was rather fond of making discoveries. Ho reviews of the book, at least of any importance, had appeared, though people were talking enough about it. Might not he be the first to announce the advent of a new power in literature ? If he only had the book—here—at once— "Ami never brought to mind?" —again came the giant roar from below. And what a tenacious memory the musician must have, was Fitzgerald's first thought, ten minutes certainly having elapsed since he sung the first line. And surely there must be some shaft or opening in the floor, other wise the sound could not come through in such volume? And what if perchance that shaft should be over the musician's head, on which a bucket of water might be made to descend suddenly at the next bellow ? But there was to be no more^ bellowing— except, indeed, a verse of the National Anthem, which Fitzgerald had already learned to recognise as the token that the artist was about to retire for the night, pleased or not, as the case might be, with his work. " Go-o-d-sct-avc the Qu-e-e-n /" roared the deep bass voice in dying cadence; then there was a curious clamping and shuffling, as if some one were doing a heel-and-toe step on a wooden floor; then silence. Either the artist was having a final pipe, or he had gone off. Next morning eleven o'clock was the earliest hour at which Fitzgerald deemed it fitting he should go to the office of the Liberal Jicvieic for the book, and even then he did not think it probable that Mr. Gilford could have sent a message so soon. To his surprise, however, there the precious article was awaiting him; and so eager was he to see what sort of material this was on which he was to operate that the moment he got on top of the first passing Fulham omnibus he hastily undid the parcel, put two volumes in his pocket, and proceeded to cut the leaves of the other. He glanced over the first page or two—very good; a sorb of playful introduc tion ; light, facetious, well- written; in short, a clever little essay about a country-house and its guests in the hunting season. But the reviewer was more anxious to get to the people; and these turned out to be, in the first; instance, the three daughters of a duchess, who were at the same moment in their respective dressing-rooms and each im parting confidences to her maid. It was ingeniously arranged that these confidences should be reported" in turn; and there was a very comical similarity amoDg them, seeing that they all referred to a youthful marquis of vast possessions who was to arrive at the house that evening, and to the probabie efreeh on him of certain costumes and styles of dressing the hair. l\row Fitzgerald knew a great deal more about the habits of a "stand" of golden plover than about the ways and speech of duchess's daughters; but he soon began to form the impression, and much to his dis appointment, that all this artificial talk— clever as it might be—was entirelyimpossible in the circumstances. Nay, he began to feel just a touch of resentment that three young Englishwomen of good birth and breeding should have been represented as exhibiting themselves to their own domestics as so many flippant and giggling barmaids. It is true that Fitzgerald's father kept a small country hotel (and even that he did unsuccessfully), but the Fitzgsralds of Inisheen were an old family, and had always been held of conse quence in that part of Ireland; Master Willie had always been accustomed all his life to be addressed as "yer honor" when out over bog and hill in search of game, and was himself possessed of not a little faith in the virtues of lineage and good blood. And was it possible, he almost indignantly asked him self, that any three young Englishwomen of decent parentage and education—putting the duchess out of the question altogether should have so little self-respect as to make confidants of their maids in this fashion, and reveal their mean little schemes with the pertness of a soubrette in a fifth-rate farce ? He passed on, however, in hope. The mar quis arrives just in time to be sent off to dress for dinner. Then the people of the neighborhood who are coming to dine are introduced; and here there was some very fair humorous sketching of a light kind; Fitz gerald marking down one or two passages for approval. He read on and on—until he arrived at the courtyard. He read on and on (not so hopeful now) while his landlady brought him a chop, some bread, and a glass of ale, his mid-day meal. He scarcely paid liecd to these things so busy was he with this book—so anxious to make something out of it—so disappointed at finding, with all the occasional smartness, the characters not flesh and blood creatures at all, but mere ghosts. The dry boncswould not live. By four o'clock he had finished the book; and he laid it down with a sigh. Yet out of it he had to make an article somehow; more than that, he was determined to have it done that very night, so that the editor of the Liberal Review should see that he could do his work promptly. So he set to work forthwith; and labored and labored away to make something outof the dry husks. Fortunaf ely the bellowing gentleman beneath was absent, and he could work on in silence. The. hours passed; he. had a cup of tea. Finally, after much correction and rewriting he had a piece of work jjut together wb i fit, if it did riot form a highly interesting article, was, he thought, as fair a judgment of the hook as he could give. Just then, it being nearly nine o'clock, the last pest Li-ought him a letter, which he eagerly seized, for, though he had heard from Kitty that morning, might she not have taken it into her head—at the suggestion of her tender heart—to send hiiu another little note by some strange means ? But this turned out to he from his father. "My Pkaii Willie—That blackguard Moloney, the devil sweep him, won't renew the bill I told you. of, and he's going to put his low scoundrel of a brother on to have the law 011 me if I don't have the .£10 ready by Tuesday next. I have tried to raise the money" but devil the penny can I get of it. Pave yon any money yon could spare ? '3 is a- mean trick of Moloney's; sure many's the time I've helped liis ohi grandfather when he hadn't as much clothes on his back as would b:i\ e lifted the kettle from the fire. Bad hick to him, 'tis nil because my Marshal MacMahon beat his oid scarecrow of a Galloper at Diimoleugue. " your affectionate father, "Edward Fitzgerald." Master Willie had arrived in London with £2S in Lis pocket, and that was tho total of his worldly wealth. Had this letter come at any other moment it is possible he might have thought it hard ho shonld have to part with that sum, or rather tb .- greater part of it, to pay his father's Coursing Club debts. But what did he care for a few sovereigns when a fine career had just been opened before liim, with no other than Kitty as the final crown and blushing and beautiful reward? Here was his first contribution to the Liberal llevieio ready to be deposited in the letter box. To-morrow ho was to see Mr. Hilton Clarke about the sub-editorship of the new magazine. And this morning what was the message written in that sprawling but most lovealJle hand?—" Oh, Willie Darling, make haste and get on, ana come back to me. And if your fine friend introduces you to any of the beautiful London ladies, just tell them 'there's a poor girl in Ireland that is break ing her heart for your sake.'" Kb ; it was not at such a moment he was going to con sider the Question of a few pounds. So ho wrote— "My Dear Father—I have altogether now £33, of which I semi you £30. for 1 must keep a small margin. Then you can bring my gun to Lord Kiu sale's new agent (I forget hisnamej who offered me £0 for it when he knew I was going away. The other £4 you will make up somehow, but don't sell oid Bess. She anu I may still live to have another turn at tho snipe some day. I think I have a good prospect litre ; more particulars by-and-bye. '' X our ail'ccti on ate son, " William Fitzgerald." That- letter, of course, he could not send off just then ; the money had to be made trans ferable first. But here was this other one for Mr. Gilford—which from time to time he re garded . with a qualm of anxiety, not quite certain that after all he had done his best. However, he resolved that it was now too late for doubt. He took it up, sallied forth into the night, sought out tbe nearest pillar letter-box; and there deposited the fatal packet. That decisive step once taken, his heart felt somewhat "fiber. The night was fine, and he went on aimlessly wandc-ring along the gas-lit pave ments ; thinking of many things, but mostly of Inisheen, and perhaps mostly cf all of an inland glen not far from there, and of running water, and of a certain moonlight night. Was not this Kitty's soft, low, trembling voice he could hear again in the silence?—My love I give to you ; my life I pledge to yon; my heart I take not bach from you, while this water runs. And pe-rhaps she also—far away there beyond the sea, up in the,, little room overlooking the wide sands—was recalling these words at this moment; and, perhaps, also shivering a little as she thought of Don Ifierna and his elves?. It was nearly twelve o'clock when he re turned to the dim little courtyard; and he was very tired; and perhaps the loneliness of this great dark world of London was begin ning to weigh on him, so that he was glad to think of his escape into the realms of sleep (where Kitty was sometimes found walking about, with her soft black eyes laughing, and her voice a3 glad as ever.) But, as it turned out, his adventures for that night were not just yet over. 