GUILTY, MY LORD. (Confiaiued from Satlurdae last.) \- There. sa a soioment's stillniess ii1 the .d.iiing-roes, during which the Squire ciiught the faintest echo of a stifled sigh, and fancied he saw the "lcaon of a white dross. I'Ul, Heaven p suppose Hand shoull litvo heard !" was the thought that Ilaslel across his brain, and it sent the hot blood rushing to his pallid face: ":ho will never forgive Inc." Having put the Squire's letter into the post-bag, Damer Hallam entered the drawing-room, and taking up a book at random passed out on the terrace. Lady Trcwardeii was doeing ig a quiet cornor, Baud was,_ probably, either inlthe con serevatory or below in the gardon. Once he would have gone without a mNonsnt's lirsitation to seek her now, lhe only throw himself lazily on the green turf of the terrace and wondered would she pass by. Before wiany minlutes she caine, walking slowly from the western side, her eyes lived on the ground, her face paler than usual, sissl eot into cold, proud repose. "' Long has' I prayed for it calm, God grant I may fled it in Maud,' " the tutor read aloud, and she paused be side hni, with the ghost of a senile on her pale lips. "TReading aloud, Mr HIallani-and Tennyson, too ? Go oi with ' Maud,' I like it," and sho sat in a low chair beside birio, and turning her face to theisetting stiil, folded her hands listlessly, and closed her eyes-to listen I No-to think-to repeat over and over again every word she had heard while walking on the western terrace-eovery cold, cruel, stinging word uttered by Lord Mount Sandal. It was true, after all, what her aunt had said, when inm prtosinig on her the necessity of being, at least, civil to their guest-nay, Lady Trewarden had only lhintcd at half the truth, wheni she said *the Squire was in difficulties, and Lord Mount Sandal had something to do with it. She knew it all noo', sud while Daiier Hallam was road ing shie was wondering how soon the ruin and disgrace would comae upon themtlhow soon the name of Daventry would be trampled is the dust-hlw soon Cheverly -beautiful Cheverly-would pass into the hands of strangers. Far ariay, sos iniiu dream, the tones .of the sweet, . iuisical voice by her side souiided, lier thoughts wertY iso per Ilcxed! and': so confused. Disgrace ! ! the loss of .houme, nmse, station ! No, no-it could not be ! She would sacrifice lher life to save her father and her honour-she would do as they wishbd;iher,: sand nutmi-ry Mount Sandal, were lie teo tiines iOs odious; and theli the thought cacae to her-not as a thought, but with the force of a sudden, stinging blow- Dainer Hallni would have to be putout of her life and thoughts. The conviction that lie had, indeed, becoue a part of both forced itself upon her. She could only see a little way through the trouble that had fallen on her young life, clouding all its joy and brightness, but at the very outset this pleasant in tiimacy must coue to aln encl. At this mo iient Lady Trowardeau's voice roused her. Lord Mount Sandal wanted souse music. Would Aland sing for lhissI Mastering by a niighity effort the indignant refusal that roseto heii lips, she followed her aunt in and took her seat at the piano. Her fuIthier -wits in the -room, . looking pale; haggard, years older than lie had looked thst:assrinigi and es Maud met his said, iuploring glance sie smiled reassuringly. She did, not know what it wan, pitiful at temipt it was, but it was like it ray of .isun shine to her father's heart, and lifted frosi it is terrible load of anguish. Maud had heard-the sisile said that plainly and forgiven, and would do all in lier power to help. And thei sale ssang and played, :nied listened to Mount Sandal's complintents-siiiled on hiii-promised to accompany Liii to the castle the next (ft-%y, to examine souse alterations. . 'I want you to take as interest in it, hltaiil, " ite said, boiding closer to her. '" 1 osant; you to like everything, and if yoe don't Jike us thing, say so. I want you to comtsi to the castle somae day for goe;d; Misud, 1c' my wife-as Lady Moult Siisdal !" . You are very hini," she faltered, not daring to raise her eyes. So soon--O ]leaven ! so soon 1 was the thought that canme to lier } be his wife--with that other nisais voice - saking music in )ser cars withI that other vian's face ever before ler ?'It was impossible ! Msiiaudie, my darling, what's the misat ter-are you ill 1 It was the Squire who spoke; lie was bending over lier, his irit round lier neck, andi there was an ils describable agony in his voice. " Tell mei, lisy pet, what is it 1" " IPm not ill, papai only Lord Moult Sandalositrprised ml-a little. I was not prepared. "Of course not; but it's as well to have itoi'er," his lordship said, cheerily. "Neither Maudie nior I are very senti menstal-but I'm rich and she's beautiful, and, that's a fair bargain, I take it-eli, Squire ?" "Has my daughter-consented to-to .beconie-your wife, Jamies ?" the Squire asked,. with. dificulty, for every word -choked hiui, and Maud felt his hand tremble as it rested on her shoulder. "She has not said 'no,' sisid I don't auppose she . will-though I popped the question myself, instead of waiting for yous," Mount Sandal replied, withi a meaning glanice, "sand I think on the ,whole it's better so." " My darling, have you thought of this 1" the Squire faltered. " Not, much; papa, yet, but I will," she aisowered, looking uip at hisli bravely "and if Lord Mount Sandal- " " There, don't make conditions, Maud," his initerruplted, rudely. ii Of course, you huioow I wanut you for siy wvifa, or I rosildist ask you to isirry isi; equally cut course, yous measi to sccealt lis, or 'oui'd have osidi io' sit slice. But there ,asn't ss wroisus livisng whlo cisulil resisit I le Castle asid IlchhlMouit Sunsdsal disssosids; ensd you will have lasthi. I woen't iprsss siosw fur ani early satle, but there's really asothinig tii wsiit for. Aisi if Mausi" turnissg to theo Sijuise, "' shs'suld feel iiialinesl to chiasigo liar iuiind, iserhsais you will axlplaili tea lir thiat there are certsiii fondly rcasiins wichsel rades'o isi allisisce haetsuesas the lisises . of Davenutry sins Mouiit 1sidsal very slesirsable. Cesime asns hove to gasmo of billissrdo." Quietly ltsa Ssquire folloivad Lord Haunt Sanidal to Itle billissrd-rooss, thuosgl Ishis heart scan tlsrohlsiig riths nidigiatiois, asnd his toigiiuiesburisug tis fall this mcan lie lie luaitlued suit ocorises hihiu-luow lie iosli suosonr see Ishis sisisghiter dead i. Isis feet thisii his weife. Dessl 1 You, surely '. but iilis'e-iii lpoerly, uhiograce, exile--Iis bessutifsil, stsstaly, deinuty Mood, is beggssr-sii oulsast. lie could not lisa ta sea It. ' Ijar hsesrt ousay hue broskas, hut oislisur ssenous ill ise .osssresk Yes, yes I Ishave besikein isy slsrlinig's heart, lait I hassse Cluaserly suiss lioiour left," sild thie Squire sighed *bitterly, as Iso fiioglst hoar deaily they seers jourehluud. For a foss ,momeiis Maunud sat sit the psino, runnising heu' fingers os-er the Iceys dreausily, thsei she glanuces rouassd asse swthat Ladly Treowardais wsas sisleel over The last swurds Diomer Hssllsss load beau reudinug siue risiging iii lies' esars she coulsi listsssuhe liciself free 5f Ilhesi ansi tusisnlg up sialishil if lier auust's die wraplied it riunid liar lisiid, sol 1assed out osi the terrace, noffly repseating flie lilies ti herself : ollis-for liar flint inst isa. That heard ins ioftly eall. Coins glimmering tlirnngh flia laurels At thu quiet oucofoll - Ie the garden, by the turrets. Of the old msnorial hall.' MItccheneiceelly aihe-walleld dowst the broad steps into tithe'ross garden, croesed thu plot of otmootlh, grnee turf, where the moue plurcl it full lilod of mualluo, light,! pisissued under theu, shadow,, e, ,thu ,lime, tries, and found herself face to fece with -Damuer:.Uallaim. ;. .: , I ;Up and elown under the qhsl qw pf,;tbi spreading lime truos the tutor had paced rostlessly, ,oskhjg himsel ce-voe saned overo again what did it mattue to himthet, Miss Daventry should sing for leorde lgMpgientl Sandal--thiat -ahloealsouli oatieo athias feoble, jokes; toleratoe his ceulgar ,fanmilis rarity, allow lhun to lean oyor, lur;oltitetill his brheath touched her cheok ? Itewas pro-i sumptuous folly. of ,Victpr;Trowardon's, tutor even ,to eobsorvo;and criticise Miss Daventry's actions. If Mount. Sandal, were still Jamues.Ponfeld, .a coward and. bully, his presonce would not be tolerated at UChverly; and Dameor thought bitterly of the tite when he was but Jamltes-oen fold. But now he was Lord Mount ee atn dal, fabulously rich. His spreading parkl lends hissed the other side. of the river,. the turrets of his noblle old castle rose above the dark becdh woods-the pride of throe counties; hill and valley, wood and water, inland as far as the eye could reach, stretched the Mount Sect dal domains ; westward along by the sea lay. the pleasant l pastures of Cheverly. . Separate, they weru both noble properties teogether, they would form the wealthiest and most beauttiul estates in England. Mount Sandal seas solo heirto the one, Maud Daventry sole heiress to the other; tho. river alueeon -lay betwten their dominions, and that could lee easily bridged over. What more natural than that James, Lord Mount Sandal, should sock the beautiful, high born heiress .of Cheverly ,forlhis wife ?; 1W'hlat mfore preobabilo -tlikhi that shltoholtuld accept hintl Every one spoke of theu matter as oettledl long before Deteirli Ballamt had loft Cambridge, tloten Mount Sandal came -lee ias- uneoxjotetdll' Ifor:icthe property, ntd -Manels meotlherutdied' in giving-birth to a sot who lonly survived her, a few, hours. But thto tutor keiow nothing of -tht. WhXlte-htuarrived',ata Chovorly, Mount Sandal wets abroad-tlaced except incidentally as th;eu.ownter off the adjacent property, .his- n se' witse-n-ver mentioned.. Other suitors, soughtt Miittle' hiatid, and if stle. coldly tdistinissoek theeta and turned a deaf ear to their solicitationsa; it sees not beeauseo eithere here hleet. or, lcued c;sae pledged to, ansotorir :James, Montt Sandal oceupietifso p:place in hr; thoueghets.... 3 Dttltet 'BHallatmc ld` bees Eya y tt Choverly:"., A- gloribits; ;,+oddig `(.'wf; delightful'yeiir it hajl'usoomed tiir picib' Looking back' it-waeed 'brrin' a-' stply onouegh, with nothig el dco ot- 'ioslVaf to nark: it fes .fieor" 01e in' lelifolhistoryt. Theretocreftow ild e ppoittiritiucstnsissed: " Good days that might'le liottee Apejit " waisted iii dlo dreaieucng.. lion0, gloridise; idle uvonins passeid Wvitli Mlfddofi thue seoonlit torr-colivihle Matid pliizine ujiephed deown "lie strtiglht 'walkA 1ff' 'thoe'rtted'ic garden, "ivith Tanud paddling' se- 'tlih 'Lotus Flower'o? -i rie6 f die'itejtclil ef waiteir-lelks'*ttleih'3 1bd'p~iai :6lsi'id: with ie Metidtr titt die iivljr jgiWlaith Miund botaioeieethis' ik"teallhl, ie riedete or es-Mtle Mau d ielyeiceultiin' lieu oluepy aucsstnu Tc-t se-d ihleit It Iad v'Tdslived'' itself t finto D'o"Diie' Hallam. The'hoiirso sliunt in'tlimh lil- ei T, isith Victoi Trice-ardoerlee- the - iorolide anie walking with, hics after hiucleson;' slipped by unheeoded, for would cent Maud be on the terrace, or in thib'gcrdons, or painting in tlie gallery, or pn-ttiseti its the small' drawi-g-rooigt wltile 'her - uiit received visitors, or returned forisial Calif accompanied by her soat still trio Sqeire visited 'hiis model farmc, eand held louig cdiisiiltatidns with leis bailiffs sed kIceperse Betwecn them Maieed seeed.til enjoy yt stately 'solitude: Shit was' too" 01id, too calii, ' too self-pIossessed ''"tal rereuiru anything like "looking after," and Lady Trrowarden .was too fearful; of her taking lear rightful positionas ltIistreao of Cheverly it hto wore roused to action or interfered with in any way. - Besidel,, thera was nothing to fear. . Mand' 0as alone with her bosics, flowers, birds, acd pictures; utterly alone, save -fore the oc catsiotal. presence of thes tutor, who was of no more account in Lady Trowardon's eyes than the poodle or the parrot, and who never entered the Squire's head at all in connection with his daughter. , Mr Hallamt was a pleasant, well-informed,. gentlemanly young follow, without ancy neoseo or aflectation about him, ated it was a great comfort to have hitm at Chlov erly, to discuss the state of the esoney etarket at breakfast, carve the fowls at lunchcon, and knock the billiard-balls about for an hour after dinner. Ho could handle a gun, sit a horse, pull an oar, or take a hand at whist, and le was e always in good temper. What more could be desired ice a tutor ? The oily pity teas leo head not a snore ereditable pupil than Victor, who was stupid and disagreeable to a degree-that was what theo Squire' thought, as near as possible, if ielced, he tookl the trouble to think at all. - Damner himself thought he toaq an uncommt nly lucky young follow, and that his lines had fallen in very pleasant places when he came as tutor to Cheverly. For a whole year the delusion lasted-for a whole year le lived fronm day to day inc a perfect dream of ]sappiness. To be near Matd, hear the sound of her voico, touch her hand occasionally, performs some trilling service for her, or merely look at her beautiful, clear-cut, cold face was hap pinceseenougt. He never analysed his feolinge-nover called the great, subtle sweetness that had crept into his heart, lore-ecovor tlcsaglt eel all, but wsect-on teest to feel tithc the ceellime carnesteteos of yoeelh, that lifo wse-e beeaetifi seed' lee esac heeppy. To talk sustimennt or pay. cuomplimenteoe to lieu leiroes of Chlteerely neuver entered heic htucd, leo onely wvorolcip lieu ier se a brigll elter not eiglcutp ini Ilc lirmaeenettt fete, fete chose his reaclt-ic esea cehich lie woetle ciii, if Ito cetelel, reechi desen fruec heocve-e lee cache. Ito leesed leer, bitt reeiecr as cee etbol'cct eicecl i-f tell theat tees geoei, gercciseco, boceetifeel eccnd evortly of ree-eroence, thean itt it cmrr ewoceee, crithc cii cc eoecatn's teckeesees and ecerr titac cc eomean's iseide. - Exiotetece lItel stoatifly reseelve-a itailf iteto cec filet, hot Baieetr Hllqhlcct hed neveec ecelled it lore liii t1es arrie-cl of Lord illettit bittelel. Hoeacmet ueeteoteeadly-- te-ai suitiletey seiceel wit-ll lotegiceg for. a sight if Ihtete, Ice scefel ,-ted ito lia Castle eeees eenseoeelofee inthlleted tied baieele aec heat teet colweebe reigneee feromt gere-et teo lamentoittt, Ilytle DBenretey ineviteel bhtt to stay eel heoverly. -It wseem ate ee f ltce ceeeetunonest courtesy. As his leerdslehips teecreot neeigheieeur the Seqeire coutle haredly tetereeieg, whent lieu ehoic eat-ti sees cite I' glad, ose- clatt mile,' henie the otte aloeett etc lieu elitles turrelo of Ilee Gentle anthe l till, ceectitig tltece sefith golel-aheete ott lheu oletely ieaeele- lteea, the se-cvineg ceerteliclllo, tue letegutie, haolf-aaetenl'eed sect, sdtheelle otetely grey ce-cllo eel Cioseely, iLetd Mohiuntt Seitlcl eerie-ee, etid cell the eworld wse-e lcheegeel 1o Baeete -lilea-cme Tenceeacydalys, tech ewkefeul eighits, cenee tlene lthe tuetor eletermtictee lo ely. lie ce-c tee eeeeeeee-thieee ewas ocercely -isteth libtr It the tcecman' nactetre; thoeglt lee ceemeee feermeee of Ii ter cie-lucitea thee meee cetetetti heit, lee trcteeleld life feelfccge cetueer feett teeeifetlly-talel, itt lsfa leetri lee felt Ito see better cee-ey fronte Chteeerly, Hie kenew -Moucet Scttdtlc - echaractee tieoroeegily-tco ntettt eras a clecac-e-st meesc, peoer-opiriited cue, wlhoe to lecthid thrashed live years before ms James Penfold, for insultiug'i friendless woman. He would thrash hinm again no Lord iMonut Sandal, -if Ile only had the shaidow: of an excuso ; but'his lordohiln wine careful not to offend the totor, thouneh not for m spument forgetful of tko debt he owed him. Sometimes h ,felt linrenithio hlialf inclined to tell the S'4uiro'th real charoetor of the bran nt~hopn,lie a-eccilyqj Sul t ,friend, modl lint low to oven iiitroduce the subject, perploxedlihm1 )El had ajcfeepreoptionn of the niupyo rpty 1 o 'iitcrferinig in the matter at ill, uocimlly' it o coulbt pee that there. wan a ,otave. forh quire's aggtlinliffy~t4 }t'' t" ltpni -;lf she lilcoicl hum-i itie was I no I his whole nmapnieiaq casesoiilly vilgar- so palpably ' bad forfitud,"' he miight have ventured t, offer a hin, But they' all souited totake Lord Milnnit Sandal just as ho wmans---aan witlhout i, personal merit, but with ini, uneiicupibered rent-roll of twenty thousand a year. Why should I blame hier,? To be Lady Mount Sandal, and mistress of that magniliceont place yonder, is, °.coinnummation devoutly to be wished.' Oni woman in a hindred could not !resist: the temptation,.if the man were twice as ofljtctionable," he said to himself, bitterly and yet in his secret heart he acquitted [ntand of all nidrcenary nmotives, and-of all more worldly ambition. 'There was a reason at heli bottom of. it all, if Ite could blit find it ,oiti But the matter wiasobeyotid hiin, knd at lantlhs .resolved to leave Chiqvorly- the very next day, provided the Squire w vould permit -him to throw n p his bnengagenment; op d deiily. Thenihe had to cast about for a reason.: WNhen hte jvfke d into tljo l1bra y thi next m g4 fiig, ?,Dand and o ia1od to go by a tbrnoon train,', le would abae to state the why and iwherefore. "Iniialit mako niy mother's lhalth the plea-dear old mother,-holy glad sheowill le to have n)r' bakl, and how sorry}lhein abo'cnoiws the reeonh!-for I must toll her every tliiilj:'" ' Di.tijo'r HTallam cohuld notI-0-o membor thi' tiiie wliea lIe"didc'nt tell his mother abdrythiing. ' Then ifttho' Squire pveesed hiti' till furtther:hli would speak [more plainly. 'After: ill,. though it was madnedse itowaso not a rimna to love Maud Daventry-thbro 'nas, nothing to be aehamed of ;,andijust at that moment the tutor was in a-mood todglory in. lhisade votion and newly forined resolution of leaving Clieverly, ino imttek what it cost him:': -'woiIder if.nho will miss me,! or tthink of fe at all ? 1: wonder-- Bliss Daventry, I-.-fear I hane .itartled you -libeugyour, pardon," ha, axelainmed,;as hlie.atodifacu.tosfacti withi Itlaud1in thei narrow walk. iib I, did not dream of-maet ingyoen." , 1-i , .j - Nor I," sae said, calmly, though her hcaitfbetiwildly.'lnThe oihgitag' am hem 'fItithdnngltI elhould 'like ahlittlo' :wilk-amid iy lead anhed, but I -'I must go back now., i mhamnd'!"' hlit whispered." Madd'!" !That one oword couveyc4' it all, told the' old'i;ol tory'"int ataliyl For a dd inent hiu arms-iverie round 1oer h Erddnn hlndil lay"o hits biteait shle Ifelt th ivild throbbing of hin licart feltlii lail tremble at they'proesd herso nd lleitiufo intensely happy. tIn loved her, and with that~ coni'iqlion, elm. epuld.. bravoe. vIry thiiig~onduro,' n'ythilng. '' ' e !?`,,I}and, my' dlni forgive , e said doftly. ' r know it is m dues,. utter inoanity,14ua--tIgylp yqg Iet yon' lo'okingmup 'into hiin face w:v wit teas dimnineil f1 I `h You lovoeiioael li-fid l Oh, I oever darmid evemito; ilihaivllofeauch: liappiaess. Lisnti ;,darling,;i L have olunved youover. simco that daye youi- camoertonneoini 'the lilirory, iwitleunior- vewnct sminile and graciouet [words ofn welconone--worshipped you far; iff-revernmcedlyou ;is in i tmnih rover-ndos ethe munexloryyof ,hia mother.; butt to nyself even,.Lanever called it love till he caime.f"' A loown oan e iescaped ficitj the girl's.pale,'pronuilips, and her golden head!wns bowed oni the tutor's arm, as he continued; "i],ouly know, it for loe when I, . canme1 aiiiudii Ithen 'li know,, it'. to. be. miadness. I leave noure- ti-iiorrow, but' before I gol1iimust tell ,you.'ill' " Oh, my love ! my- darling I must I leave you'?": if:, "., Youn mnustDaumnri: And there was on indilecribable ainmguish' in her face as she raisedittohii iin the.clear moonlight. " We love each other, but we must part. Why should I deny it-why should I be ashimeid to confoss that T lovinyon, dbarly -dearly ? Itis not iiy fault, or yours.or anyInody'0;'an far is I cirt' see; but you must leavemnin noo, Dmnner, and for over. I'am ithlimpromised owife of-Lord iMount. 'Mid jl! h;, my love ''" tid"thite ring of mony in his vonco oent 'caoldl, leen jiain' to lien' hioft' r' iibuli 'd uitost'!'it'ie inithoittbhlk I'Yjii ddoupt onow tlint pjoi Idruniied, and the, only mritniof n'iaving our nnau u froin dishonour and Ciievprly fros tijtngors' il5 nmjiymarriaged ooitJn'ýdouinti inidhlmi theieoe is liii'otlnd'rhy >; "'.;n-:, ':, ;niniiu.'o;'i t~ u " But you do not love hblo ?" el "iHeavoviliolp nX"'k hh' liji0'1i ale said bitteily'm " tit'lb diAi fur ily father; and shall I not live and do this bluing,; hand pp aits ale po'tu- nmakqlt harder ' or' nec1, 'Np1 tuppmuo ,bmitr il. Say good bye unpoy'1'audj bhumik of mie as deadi ! -a",. " ettec-nxiomap, tun~ostpliungqs yo,o !i:irp deumi tlraiie;tlip Ijfe"t; ~ nonre Lomid lituiit S uiiid ii ntooolý before tlniiul, :'ft' dark. smile op his face., ' Non Maud, if you've quite filnishledyour santimnenal speeches, perhipso you nwill go in-it's rather late for young laiies to be out." With oine mnute, 'ippealinog gilnce at tine tutor, olie tuiriioi ann y, ,mini the tine mnii otnod fnice tin lice in the inomoongligt, alonie uinmder the braromchiim limes-coboth oternm.L lintn niileit ; thnione bitterly grnocad,' thu Mount Sondull emilhnimiei, ofter 'i long oiiletce, 'n woibll what li-ne 'iuto -i ry for youni-lef 1"'' 00tin, 1s the'' qnmti'f tenioplje-i "ninthiing to yo' If ¶Tr B veinloy 'ti maoiinh 'ony'i xliiot idizi,' I imn reidy ano itil to noy it. To yoi Ihijc niothinig \- Wirkt do'ind lims tlb&Soliire; to any t6' it 1' I'in the inijuied mnnn' nod 'I -nmust have' aatisfmiction: - Yoi're :'jnoleint scoundrel to insinuate yourself into a family,and steal the affections of a girl that yeu knew 'you could never marry, mmii thamt weomulninover-mnirry yinn. Wh~iy, Monid D~avenilry--" "Silemice-ilii't ireotlie lien- iinnei! the tutor cried, seiiiing lis~ eciiompnuio by the colonr.' Don't ever olneok of: her, or I'll ilinile the breath out inf your oworthn leon body. I coint nmnot you mm in geintle nmoin, linecinuse yon'ro unit onie;. hut, hIll meet you on any pretext you like, muii fight you, and thrash you as I did before -but don't dare to breath her name !". "Egoil jictoa' giini,; tou-npomn nay ennui itos ileunen genii I Why, fehlowc I ilo yen ulninnioe I--Mount Smodiul-coni fight a beggoply tutor 1" "If you nyonit light, then - loke tim chnastkiiiemnt yniu demerve." mid lie ineed him by thu neck, and iifter a fenv 'rough elhakeo, thrnen lijia full- loigthim-on the grnmno, mud unjinei lokinig' at, hina-. owroth Mount Sanuihl picked huimsielf up olunwly though a oturimhiy bujilt, otrumig inioi, lie woo' nhnyoically liunio tehi for thpi 4teor, annd ije kuieny it ;.eo lie only lineke4 at hinla for a inoinemut with.nn '-ilark 'acowL SYmnu'll omullhr for thia,'! he lliiaol, 't' mlii. -oo hiall--Mamul !" Then lie turnd away, and walked down' tir path, tout toring nialedictions. The tutor returned to the houso, slowly and sadly, and late though the hour was he sought art interview with the Squire. inland, lingeli'ig in the drawing-roolm, Raw hium comi tp the terrace alone, find breathed. freely once mioro., She had feared some, dreadful thing would happen., When she saws Mr Hal lasu go into the billiard-roomu, she guessed ,what would . follow. He was going to confess all to, her father-she would go too-and as far as sae could, on courage hini and, exoncrate, hiss from ilasne. Fora feai iomints shosliigered outside the iloor, gathering up her courage; slnd tlit" length she glided noiselessly in, the ice was broken, and the tutor was confessing humbly, and yet eloquently, iis folly. The Squire's face was averted, and his elbow rested on the edge of the billiard-table. Datner Hallam stood be side him, his arms folded on his breast, his head thrown back proudly. "i I have told you all, sir-tthat I love your daughter-that encountering her acciden tally to-night, I was rsad 'enough and weak enough, to toll iier miy affection that Lord unotist Sandal, stealing ois its as a thief, overheard souse words i not per sonally complimentary. " He, would not accept my apology, anid he would not fight -so I shook himl. But for remembering lie was your guest I should have thrashoes1 hiim, as I did once before when ioe was James Penfold. And now, Mr Davusitry, I have come to ask permission to leave hoveorly to-morrow." I'sh sorry toy lose you, Hallasm, bt tlsesi's sso hselp for,st, I feast Yost ntusist go' tiso. Squireo replied, isn i low voice. MlAst'lit, papal " Maid said, drawing sear, ass pttling her anms round her father's siecok. "Yes, ily dsirltnt, there's no altetun tive. Oh, assaud 1 Manud I this is the last drop that overflows miy cup of hitttnesseo," theuSiquire-cried.:. 1slaudiu, housvcould you ?' " She is not to blattie, the fault is miins. All, allniiiie." "I do not see that there is any fault anywhere," Alaid said, drawing herself. up proudly, sand looking lier father squarely in the face. " That Mr Hallam lshoulsl love site, and that I should love Isitt-is a misfortuise, circunisitanced as wb are -that is all. There's no need to be so unhappy about iti lpap; 'we kinow both of 'its that we can never be anything isore to each other than we are now, 'standiig liereiin'your pesnicceF I have 'prdsitdd to Woome the wife of MounttSintdal, still I will keep moy word, and do my duty. But, fathor, wIsest Iram, gone, yosiwill be so lonely. Why not lot Mr Hallam stay with you;?"a (I .1 a ' "'Sy darling, -.hie. smightn't cars to stay." il 'yIftyu will ettime go for is . time; till thic cerenmosy ,is over, ' shall be very; pleased to continuo Yictpr's..tutos," he said, after a ntoment's, consideration., . If' lie could still remiaistsin the smto she loved, revisit all the spots rendered dear by their fa-iliar intercourse, and plea sant associations, it would tsot seem as if he had lost her altogether.' ,Besides, was there not ismute, half formed ,. appeail in tlsad'seyes, as if for protection-did she fear,: ca well as, )ale, i the man sele :1sd prsmised to esarryl , TheSquire stood up and wrsingis Mr Hallaim's:Msid:warm'ianlyi .You have; be-. havediwell in, this, matter," its said, , a little huskily, a'and I, thank you.t . I shall be glad to have you back as soon as-nas seos as this slatter is settled; and, Hal lts, with, a sudden sfhort, "if I were at liberty to bestow my daughter's lhand ac cording to msy choise, there is no a ose .to whose care I would more cheerfully and confidently confide her. But it cannot bol;'wetaro tied haitid and foot, bound round wilth a cruel oc iiin of circsus'. stances, Don't miske it harder for Msand and fise than it is already ; and now=ii lcaie us aloise I" ' . Silently Daimur sHallans left the room) He did siot say one worid of farewell did nst cver'cassc a partiig glance -at Mand l li , dids lot disreo In Ha felt that the alght of iier- bi-eia bliittiftil ithite face siotiltcouitpldtely unmisas lusi. So is ills bossedtheadlhe ejss tly left the room: r-Fatlhsr !'f thlr ! it it sitore than, I caic besar I there nio oilier way- no otlh ii -ayi' Msi-d cried; kneeling'at-t her f~titer st feet, and' lookcin" imtplorn'sgly isito Isis face:" "" Dais fathier I wessld die for you g-idly ; btiteoau 1 osp-re file this? The Siire turned away his face isitl i's stiled sol so but ite ,Wass silent. Ite s not fear poverty witsoil ' t"it ousr liioitron, M-aude our honour I" he groaned:'" Olis my darlin", forgive use and save a e s" ' I will. ftliei !" and eshe toak his silis roubled fLiteaged ton yc-irs 'bb ltsa evesits of theo list fair a oaks-bet" twee, both her hands, and kissed "it ti tidrly` Trit tsine, dear, I'll noter h a iske tless again. I -isis very' ~raveamid vip tiskit;_ftoadIý~ dle sisy duty' hi?5 i~ ~ (To be csiitittiih ) .1 A Little Ditficulty ini thi Way.-An nteripitising agentt (says A. Ward) for a well-kuiowas Cleveland tombstone manu faetosty;lately: made a business :visit to' a sasall town in an adjoining country. loarinig in.the. village' that a snsm in a remnoe part of. the township ,had lost. his wife, ies thought lie would go andse ace him, and offer hIisi consolation. asdt a grave stone on his usual reasonable' terss. He started, the road was aifrightful one, but the agent persevered, and finally, arrived sit the beresived masss's' house. , The boreitved. sast's-Ihirod girl tolslllhe gasint tlest the liereaved mats vas splittisig fesice s-ails I .' ever its 'the pasture, about less isiles." The indefatigable sigesit hitched hsislthors and started for' the ' Isastura." After fisllisig siat all siasnner cif musd. hlens' seratchsins- hIimseclf swithi briare, asse tttinb~ling 'ovcr sdecayed legs, the (ictit sit lcssgths fosinis thu bereaved muss. Its a assudued voice lie sakest the isiss if lie had list his ai 1f 'rTse sisis saul lie host. liha ageist seas rely sorry to heast it, stnd syispathsised weithi the itati sesy sleejly iii Isis dccli afilliction bitt death, lie saul, iwes its insatiate archer, asid eliot slotsn sill, lioths of high anid lair dogree. He isiforised the bereaved isass ltht " Whast was Isis loss, is-s heir galls,' aist iould be glssi to sell liuau is gs-avestosie to smark thsa 5spt sehere. the bolos-ed oeis stept-isitrble on gainsisuos stosic, as Iteelsone, sisis it isrices slefymsg comspetiliont. The bereaved suit msti there swas 'A little stitlieslty its the testy." '" Havesit yous lest yasir swife 1.' inquired theoagoist. 55.Why I yes, Ihlave," agiti the uass, ,"but ino grivestasse slut isoccosary; younse, ltha cusoederitter stin't stead. 'Shtu's sceoted wciths ssothier mtass" The isgesit istired. At a uarty, it a tasscisig acssdemiy,sahtre ltse refraosltsents wars lisiited to a hair iag lisipid streams of water ft-oti a ails-cr. platud faucet attached to is mssrbledtopped isehs limits, Mtiss Fuggletoni observod~after a ivalte. of tiscnty mmsiutes, to lien partnser, "Ohil Mr Sparing, wosuldni't it be too lovailly ifwe could only got a little lemsoss 'ade .1-i Nothsing easier," reislied, thuit 'lirs of a thsousantdvictoriesclwhen cislleit ass to lisy ice ecrass atter the (thetis-a "I'll get a glass of seater asid leek sour sit it, sian thsen you lthke it said look esecet sit toIl silys hl'4.aslasty,itleatt tliin g, isl? tlyc 4sume, .I£qr, thleris. 1fq' ,icse cressn, andu oyster tialoasn sisjomigsgth hisil,u sd she ityss lt-act of slanoiicg std i kitew it, 