hi Mtmoyimn* KEV. W. T. POWELL. William Thorp Powell, a deacon of the Church, died at the residence of his wife's father (Mr. J. Leigh), Barrabool Hills, near Geelong; on 10th ult., aged thirty-one. Some time ago the state of his health compelled him to leave the Diocese o£ Melbourne, in which for several years he h.ad filled the office of Reader, and his services were gladly accepted in the Diocese of Tasmania. The Bishop of Tasmania was in England ; he was therefore admitted fo holy orders (by letters dimissory) by the Bishop of Ballaarat. This was on Trinity Sunday, 1880. He was then appointed to the parish of North Dorset, near Launceston, and there he continued till failing health again compelled him to seek rest and change. Although thus removed elsewhere in the Providence of God, Mr, Powell, always retained a, strong affection for Victoria ; and as he was well known to a considerable number oii Victorian Churchmen,- a brief notice ojE his life and work will, we are sure, be welcome to. many of the rc.'iileis of Thn Jlfesseiiffer. . i , , , Jle was born at St:uuuon, Worcestershire, England. , IT is father, the Ji«v. William Powell, M.A., Oxon'., was afterwards vicar oE Muiidoii, Essex. His early education was received a I; Christ's llos|)iial, :md' fifl.cr leaving school lie obtained a, situation ns a reader' for the press on the Guardian, Ihe London Church news p!i]i:«.r p'o familiar to Churchmen everywhere. A weakness o[ chest which -threatened and at length ended' in consumption wag the cause' of tiifl leaving England ; and coming out to Tasmania, he found for a. timo 'inployment of the same nature as he had followed in London . on ii'Uoijart newspaper.' But his heart was set on becoming a candidate for holy orders and serving God in the ministry of His Church. Accordingly he left Tasmania, and was admitted to the office of Reader in the Diocese of Melbourne. This was in 1874. His first appointment was at Taradale and Malmsbury, under the late Canon Despard, of fragrant memory. For several years ho diligently fulfilled the duties of his calling, and was much beloved by the people among whom he laboured. But a milder climate than that of the Malmsbury district ?was found advisable, and about four years ago he was removed to the district of Ceres and Highton (Barrabool Hills). There he married. When again compelled to seek a change of climate in Tasmania, he was appointed to the district of which George Town was at that time thn chief centre of population. But the mineral resources of the district shortly afterwards attracted attention, and the population of the parish largely increased. New centres were opened up, and Mr. Powell, ever anxious to provide the ministrations of religion for all under his care, felt himself constrained to carry on five different services in as many different places. The country is rough and the roads bad. He could only get through his work by hard riding, and the result was that a naturally feeble constitution broke down under the strain, and at Christmas last year he had to cease from work. Soon after he returned to Victoria, bnt only to die. At Barrabool Hills he was carefully tended by his wife and her relatives, and had the best medical advice that Geelong could afford ; but it soon became evident that his work was done. In spiritual things he had the benefit of the earnest ministry of his fellow deacon, the Rev. G. E. W. Sproule, and was also occasionally visited by the clergy of Geelong. Towards the close of his illness he entered into perfect peace, and again and again affirmed with much thankfulness that death to him meant nothing but rest and joy. His mental faculties continued bright and clear to the very last. His great delight was to receive visitors from among his former flock, and the solemn words of warning and exhortation which he ad dressed to some of them almost with his dying breath, have made, we believe, a deep impression on the hearts of many. Thus he passed away, ' faithful unto death,' and rejoicing ' in hope of the glory of God.' His last hours, however, were not without trial, for hiB mother, who had come from Tasmania to watch by the dying bed of the last of her sons, was summoned away before the end came to the sick bed of an only daughter. Bat even in these distressing circum stances he found his Saviour ' all sufficient,' and was able to commit his soul in perfect trust and resignation to his faithful Creator. The bitterness of death and separation had long before passed away, and the consolations of the Holy Ghost were with him to the end. Mr. Powell was a man of good abilities, and his public addresse's often showed a mind of considerable originality ; but his most marked characteristic, so far as we had the opportunity of observing him, was the resolute perseverance with which he pursued, even in failing health, the duties of his sacred calling ; the loving interest he felt in those who were under his pastoral care, and his steadfast purpose to work while the day lasted. He was also a man of warm affections and kindly sympathies. While at the Barrabool Hills he was a frequent and welcome visitor among the children of the Geelong Orphan Asylum ; although the asylum lay outside his own district the orphans were an attraction he was unwilling to resist. Cut off by lingering sickness in the midst of his years, before he was able to make full proof of his ministry, we trust it may be truly said of him that, 'being made perfect in a short time, he fulfilled a long time, for his soul pleased the Lord, aud therefore He hasted' to deliver him from this present evil world. He will long be missed, we are sure, by those to whom he ministered ; and for those who were nearest to him and to whom he was specially dear we can only pray that the Divine Com forter may heal, in His own time, the wounds of their great sorrow. ne was buried in. the Highton Cemetery on l;3th ult. The services in church and at the grave were conducted by the Rev. Canons Goodman and Chalmers, aud, at the request of the deceased, the last, offices were brightened by some of his favourite hymns from Hymns Ancient and, Modern. On 23rd an Tn Memoriavt service, was held in Trinity Church, Ceres, when the Holy Communion was celebrated, and ii sermon preached to a large congregation by Canon Chalmers from 1 Thess. iv. 13. ? ?i»ii i. ? ? i— ? i ? ? i ? 1 1 n» minMjnnmi-_:i».Tvif^ytw»'*^i^arlJTii» a 9 if I ? tLMK.iJLim^ifJl'JiJ M WiCASMi*lM'*Wl|mnU4l ?&S;[f7-1?2:!ilH.'.A!tLR59VRSB!Htt 