TURf GOSSIP. BYAUOCB. The Leger ie over and (be favourite beaten, stid the general opinion is that be lost through his inability to stay. It was a trae n»n race, and possibly the beet horses over a distance were first and second, bat at the same time it must be confessed that Power made an awful mistake in coming to the front seven farloDgs from home. A true artist on the back of a reputed non-Btayer wonld have remained about third until within 100 yards of the goal, and then Bwooped down and tried to win by superior pace. D&rebin; first had a run at Pell Mell, and then Commotion came and took him along BO fast that he fell all to pieces in the last furlong, and was beaten by both Commotion and Pell Hell. The latter's performance was quite as good as Commotion's, for he made moat of the running during the first mile: and how he was beaten in the Geelong Handicap is one of the tbingB I cannot understand. Stout ness is one of the characteristics of the Panic family, and these two sons of the grand old hero, now defunct, possess this essential in an extraordinary degree. Mr. Phillip* made no mistake in selecting these two as the best of his yearlings of 1879, and there is many a good stake in store for them, as they both appear to inherit the family soundness. Royal Maid's performance was too bad to be her best form, and as she was not at all distressed, St. Albans, like a good general, no doubt eased up when he found he couldn't catch the leaden. When Mr. Gardiner saw Commotion win, no doubt'he regretted that he' had not started Goriolanua. It was questionable Judgment, I think, to leave him in the stable, for ina small field, with a good pace, he must have had quite as good a show among those of his own age aa in the Australian Cap. The time was the fastest ever made in the Leger here, being half a Becond faster than Grand Flaneur's. I never saw a hotse win easier thm Handy Andy won the Hurdle Baoe, and in him Panic has left another mod son to keep hiB memory green. Navigator's supe riority over those that opposed him in the A soot-vale Stakes was most pro* nounced, and in him Mr. ds Mestre pos sesses a diamond of the purest water. It was gratifying to see a good horse like Progress once more in public, but he was not within 141b. of his heist form. However, they ran die Port Phillip Stakes to suit him, and he displayed his superiority at the finisn. The son of Angler has a big weight in the Sydney Cup, but with that wonderful bade and those powerful loins he can carry it better th*w most hones. Sweet William shaped like a racehorse in the Brunswick Btakea, and as he has but fist Sib. (induding_penalty) in the Sydney Cup, I'm sura Mr. Scan must feel uncomfortable. ; Mr. Wentwoith hasasmart ooit in The Drummer, who won the Keilor Stakes vary easily, and this youngster ahoold hare something to say in the Warrnambool Handicap. - The Grange Mad, formerly the property of the late Sir J. P. Bell, was pat up to auction in one Jot last week; hut as the highest bid was £6,000, it was not sold. Subsequently Mr. Kent gave £10,000 for it fora company. < < The meeting held last week by the Wan* garatta dub was not quite up to former yeara, though the stewards, With their secretary; Me. Arthur Balnea,worked with a will to ingihingstoa sucesesful issue. Probably -woaldhave been better bad the meeting art been decided nntil after .ifae V.JLC Autumn. The dsy% «adng weatoff smoothly, with the exception iof.tEe protaet by ,Mr. Evaas against Mameluke, in tin Wangaratta Handicap, for wrong nomination. The stewards, who held a meeting at ottoe, acted wisely in referring the matter to the com mittee of the- V.H.G.. for decision, as the 5pinion of the leading dub will be a prece ehtfor thefutura. r' «i - : Franciscan, twfco was k very moderate animaLinAustzalia, ? has been distinguishing himself in' India; At the-Madras meeting be carried flat.* 71b.'and wan the Wdtn Raoe, trid'on the following day carried lOst 61b. In the Selling Sidi, aad ran the half I mile ito fiSfrec. Oa-thethirdday he carried link 71b. tad wontise Gotintttaai Stakes. Hewairiditon^by, Mxr Maitltoad in these nbee. Mr. Makkad «lsb wontke 3fadcu Dtokfwith: hie Arab Kssgeta<Fta,mspn to.BwwMMfeeisi 9sfc9th»'«nd heat the Eagliah horse ^Despot, ,9st.6&.,:inthe Trial! me^^nmiaandrifHs AMtWdiauiwon fhile flahwsrttas^ f 'br^frjua, 31b. i M? m^Tfatodont intae vGoiernor'a Cup, .beatints lKav. lOat ^, Despot, .sfe,. «MUHiriDrin!.. of( /.-Orleans* i Coongooia. . and; VajJrant. Pahnersfcm also Wanihe Trades. Plata,! bsrfffiig ^Cbongooh Mid lothess, ikndr Jkdj iwdkM fee ths i HwUafittoas QMmMob wiihBstlllb.ny Iflh., uiolj nekar Matttsltr . if taalspitagi HijisflaniastitU' ifiiW, Menu's /fttaMBner ^rhioh lAf Ael > tnta|wtiMi"iRU8v c sclfcsxwwi ei.w oif4vt<j Sifi ion&liad; sdi c not lie thoroughly complete at the opening meeting, the V.T.C, will in a few years have a track second to none in the world,at least sol am informedby men like Dr.. Weii^ M^sbib. Hall, Roberta, Milled, and other*, who have seen the trotting tracks of America, where they are of the most perfect description. I' paid my first visit to the , grounds of the victoria Trotting Onb on Monday last, and I must candidly confess i that 1 was astonished at the progress that had been made, and delighted' with the arrangement* effected. In a few weeks the barren swamp of Eltitemwick-park has been converted into a' pleasure ground which promises to equal, if not surpass, that of the Victoria Amateur Tnrf Club. A. splendid track of exactly a mile in circumference and over 60 feet in width has been laid down upon the moat scientific principles, the turns being round and easy, and the back and homestretches perfect models of what a racecourse or trotting track should be. A handsome and commodious stand has been erected.with retiring-room, bars, Jec., com plete. The saddling paddock is all that cobld be desired, and the members' carriage paddock iB quite equal to anything outside Fleming ton. The Judge's box is On the American pattern, much larger than those used upon racecourses, and the weighing is done under neath. Light and elegant stables have been erected in the saddling padcock for the competitors and in the carriage pad* dock for the the horses belonging to members. The Yan Yean has been laid on, and altogether the grounds of the Victoria TrottiDg Club will bear favourable comparison with any similar resort in Australia. Of course at the first meeting things will not be quite perfect, but when plenty of couch, grass has been laid down, and Lombardy poplara and elms have been plentifully planted, Elstemwick-park will become one of the most popular of all the resorts in the vicinity of Melbourne. The thanks of the lovers of the sport are due to Dr. Weir for the trouble he has taken and the time he has devoted to the formation of the track and the perfecting of the' arrange menta. Being thoroughly conversant with the rules observed amongst our cousins in America, he has been able to give invaluable advice and assistance, and be is delighted at the success of the affair. To the secretary and members of committee, who have been ! most assiduous in their attentions, great! credit is due, and I can only say that if they go on as they have commenced, they will receive the support of everybody who loves abitof real sport. While at Elstemwick-park on Tuesday I had the pleasure of witnessing the most perfect trotting 1 have ever seen. The track presented quite an animated ap pearance, as the American importations, Commodore, Defianoe, Vermont, Junior, Strides way, Walter Scott, and Grainger were present, and so were the colonial horses Brown Hawk and Native Gat. Mr. Frank Bobbins was kind enough to treat those present to an exhibition of trotting which was quite novel to those who haa never seen the American clippers. His American gelding Commodore was on hand, and though not in anything like condition, his owner deter mined to speed him for a mile. The gelding was hitched to a light sulky, and Mr. Bobbins handled the reins. 8tartuig off at an easy gait, he swung along in beautiful style, but Just before reaching the three-quarter pole, where Vermont Junior and Native Gat were being quietly jogged, he pulled him nearly into a walk, but when he had passed these two he gave the word and Commo dore began trotting in a manner that de lighted the spectators. From the three-quarter pole .he sped along well inside a 2m. 90s. gait,-and after rounding the torn he came along the home stretch as straight as a ball from a rifle, and without a skip or a jump he passed the judge's box in grand style amid the applause of those present Although he bad not been asked to go until he tra versed three-quarters of a mile, he trotted the mile in 2m. SSfs., and I can quite believe that when the track is thoroughly set and Commodore in his best form, this American will beat his home record of 2m. 23s. Commodore is not so strong or so coarse as the generality of American trotters; in fact, he is a thoroughbred all over in appearance, and must have a pre ponderance of pure blood coursing through his veins. He is a bay with a white stripe down his face, and a white hind foot To see him trot is a treat of the highest order, and whenever he is set to best his previous record, those who wish to see trotting, to perfection should not miss the opportunity. ; After speeding Commodore, Mr. Robbins showed what his double team coold do, and such a double team one seldom sees in this part of the world, for it consisted of the i American Defiance, who has a 2m. 24s. record, and that fine Australian horse Brown Hawk. Neither horse was in first- class con ffition, so Mr. Bobbins fid not press them. 'Nevertheless, they trotted the mile in 3m. Ba., afad as their had a buggy behind them this was a capital performance. Grainger,, a very fine-looking American stallion, showed plenty of speed in twoor three bursts that Me. Hall nave . him,- and Ms countrymen Vermbnt Junior And Strjdeaway were both greatly .admired; So- was ttfee oolt Walter Soott, a gr&tad-looking; chtfexfut youngster. Since Mr. \- M*Gahan purchased him from Dr. Weir. The latter has fined down^ and in another year he he wiH undoubtedly begone of the grandest horses in Australia, thosgfa we shall not see him at his best as a trotter until he is nearly 10 years old. The American driver. Cleve-. 8md, has him in haqd, and I believe he intends to build stables near the track, and Commence business.-ae a public trainer of trotters. I am glad to say that Walter Scott's owner is recovering from the aooident that . I efel him when the colt broke his teg.1 ? The entries for the events of the Victoria /Plotting Club are not very numerous,;but the quality of M f*r above < 1 he average. Fer-4he VjKC^8tallionB Race ' i safe tan* hw&ibecn; entered, andtiiey are ' 111 imported American stallions, inuuqing i. Ljax and Vermont :J»nilpr, from New South ' Vateft" Betweenthese we may expect to see i oriife ' splendid contests. ' Startle andAJAx . i K>th Save reeordB^'tnMtor Sm^ 80s., and v» huStTJuitior madea record dt 2m. 83s. yfbm . he was *6ix yekrfl old. For thejlOO sovs. ; ] tone, the colonials BWwn Hawk. Wanderer, > i Jatftam Dsrbotn,4fttixe Nellie, are ! ? littecla^&inat; tw^wci^'poiitiactof and !;SRaiBXSttanEMMB > 'late there axe 10. It w tatksc .unfortunate >1 hat the meeting«taiUUt» > Mtdown for the ; s!*$<Aptt« as manyoftijftVlf^otians will be i,way at the. Hawkssknry msajUig, bnt lalsc i nihsre will bazars sstiji|«t»hla& therewill, ! Mr. Jobn W&sottwaa; a|«al purchaser at '' bf.ttorwhbreinilB fcffi^the Pastowd m ns******"k rrsSffiSl v *&sa;! <i JKCI d JitlB be to the circus business in thft tttnw S^eLrf«^l«^S.HiiArab tfirt JrtSW?. ... . .jr .. »£' -tiiSAlSS ^ »*£««. brood few din ago from the effeet of a ">U~*hitOi ?" Sob* Grapes was by Fisherman from Gilder mire.todfwaaavery brillianttro yea^oSL $e ^>trala 8talu« and b*t The Barb in the Alleged Stakes. As a brood man her chief production «? - Burgundy, a wy smArt son of Tha Makpifo, The 8ydney Tarf dnb appears to be in a - prosperous condition, for by telegram I learn < that the financial sheet sbowsthat thereto ? £1,300 to the credit of thecluh. Mr. Qibborn's! appointment as secretary at £900 was con firmed, and Mr. E. Terry was elected presi dent and Mr. Y. Dowlmg vice-president. ^The secretary of the Deniliqnin Jockey Club writes to say that by an error the amount advertised for the Flyine Stakes was raven as SO sow., instead of 50 sors. fj.® ^80j_?tft*eBi that several owners are still in defanlt to the dnb. Let them be declared defaulters, and probably they will : Y.RC. baa, I believe, determined to T ^peeting the bookmakers. I understand that it has been decided to Siitf8® aSiVw> pIjr tllelr .^^tion in the sad* ' dling paddock an annual fee of £25. Ever* w to be licensed by the V® and will have to wear a small badge, witli hSh'hSS ^ 1k?lber* vpSn hiB coat- Ifc * nigh time something was done, for notorious welabers are to befound in the paddock at every meeting; andthis step will, if pro iwly earned oat, effectually put an end to their career so for as the grand stand en. closure is concerned. Owners of horseft are reminded that the general entries for the A.J.C. Meeting axe dueat 4 p.m. on Tuesday next, the 14th insfc Entries will be received at the V.R.C, office. ** ou,bM«t Tuesday next, (he 14th inst. W-c- YuilleandCo. OKver Twist, and Aladdin are represented. . ^r5£^22S%if%fblBdthailtheo®lt Dyrrtrto-Martyr from Champagne, and the youngsters from such mares asGas, Prestige, ?«20n&&<V W 1)0 worth lookup . aftwr. Mr. A. Smith sends up seven, five by Smuggler, and two by Don Giovanni, all from well-bred mares. Mr. R. J. Hunter has half a dozent and two of them are by old Angler I foom iir^rted mares Capella and Brides mwd; These two yeariings, for their breed wig stone, ate very vsJoable, and those who may bem search of good lines of blood sh ould ^^®e ttem. I like very much the colt by Kapidityfrom Eugenie, who promises Mverbsed 18 yearlings, by Panic's son Ponum, 4phuy,siid King Cole. One filly SS^SfSMBaa: ts running; of Commotion and Pell Mell should induce buyers to offet a big figure for these two oolts.^ Mr. A. Bslman will send four into the ring, all by Proto-Martyr from very and Messrs. J. and K Evans will have three by Proto-Martyr from Poetess ; (dam of Narnbn), Desdesnona, and Indian Princess; while mx, James Mitchell h«n in his name three fillies by Glorious. Mr. W. L Winter has three to his name, and they are ?? ranarkably well bred. They are all by Vaaco di Gam* full brother to the English : Leger winner Perp Gomez. The filly from yeariing, witii plenty of length, and will some day be capable of {.king her a own rat in the best of races. Her dam is by Fireworks from Badinage' (imported), so that on the score of breeding. W® W eaaaj to anything that will besub. matted. The colt from the nicely-bred Equality is a handsome colt, but rather small, though both he and the Oracle colt should go There has been some talk of Darebin being matched to ran Commotion gjnj Pell MH? over the Leger course, but it is hardly likely «*. P?®6^011 »«dd be foolish enough- ta match his colt to run against two horaee. At a meeting of the V.R.C, committee on Tuesday- last, the protest entered against Mameluke at Wangjuatta, for having been nominated without being described as late wan, was considered; and it was decided that as the hone had been properly described upon he ran on the V.R.C# conrso, thsre wm- 1 nonecettitytbr his old name to be given in Miy entries made afterwards. Mamernke will ' therefore get the stakes, and there be no dpubt the decision of the V.R.C. is quite cor* rfct. i In the advntising columns of The Austral a*ian will be found the full particulars of Mr. T- S. Clibbom's annual yearling sale. It will 1 bfe sent that the Hon. E. K. Cox will send 15, wd this number includes a foil brother to Chestsr, a iull brother to Courtenay, a full Mother to Sweet William, and a fall sister to J Geraldine. Mr. Frank Reynolds is repre S^ted in the ntadogue by 24, most of them > by Kelpie and Odldsoiotip, from each mittt ai Young Emily, Whirlpool, ParaaiterMer maid, Lady kildT Mr/. AnSwT'Toro tea a nngle yearling, a filly by Maribyrnong '» f^»m Adieu. Mr. W. J. Dangar has sevirTto l^s namte, and as meet of them are from *ar«i singularly well bred, the» AoujdS no diMtjr m Ending purchasers for thsm. V- A. A. Dangar has a couple on the list, ^e being from Spoilt Child ; and the Hon! > J£hn galea is represented by IB, b?BiS gtoy, CUftoc, New Hollaad, and Ee£^ /"s? ^ baw seven ln%je l^t, Mr. A. Bowman ^Mr. A. My 1 ven, and Mr. H. Patwopa. wrniml wifiHng will e an the and Handicap SfceepleebttBe of 40 Sovs. Entries dosd onlfianday, 5®TH Match. , Lovers of 'ipoit most not forget that the pleasant little: Kynetan meeting takes place on Friday next, THE 17th March. The usual Bpeciiltrains WILL leave Spenceratreet eta faon^aild as the sp6rt promiees to be good, therHs bound to be a LUGE attendance of the metropolitan division. Before the Australian Cap was ran for on THURSDAY I believe Mr. W. C. YuiUe, on pebalf of Mr. Baldook, Bold Welling ton to Mr. A. K. Finlaj for 1,000 guineas. Bnd j/next season the grand old son of Panic will occupy a box at Glenormis ton.. In repurchasing Wellington Mr. Finlay has no doubt acted wisely, for he. is one of the beet bred, BOundeat{ and gamest of race horses, and, moreover,' is a performer of very high class. It would have been a national loss had he been taken to India. After the Hordle Race on Thursday Mr. Bradshsw had Chalker, before the stewards for not riding to orders. As there was no evidence to prove that Chalker had not tried to WJN, he was discharged with a caution. - Mr. Yowles having been requested to visit Adelaide, and assist with the Handicapping at the ADELAIDE Racing Glob meeting in MAR, has consented. The great beat of the weather prevented a number of people attending the Bale at Bun dooija-p&rk; on Friday, and aa thefce were few bsyejs present, only the filly by Tubal Cain from. Argosy was sold to Mr. A Taylor for 42£ gdineas. This was rather a fine yonngster, BndQwas very cheap. Among the others decidedly the best looking tiere the colt by Tubal Cam from Coquette, and the filly by Tubal Cain from Lurline. Mr. W. Lang offered 500 guines for the former, and Mr. W. Peargrcto the same price for the latter, but Mr. Garditoer refused both. It LB worthy of note that Miss Lydia, the great grand dam ofCommotion, is the dam of Sfaid . of Masham, the , granddam of the celebrated English horses Peter and Pere grine: There should be some good racing at Flem ingtori to-day.' ABH would be tedious to give the why and wherefore for giving my opinion respecting the probabilities, I shall content myself with the following prognostications SEOQKD NCBSEBY HANDICAP-S YLVANUS, JACK IN TD* GREEN, SAIOXABA. NEWMARKET HAS Dicaafc-SOBBXZ, ; SIB JOSHPH, LAKPXNT, and if beaten it will be by the beet of Sir TL Elder's or The Ghost. Tomr PLACE-PELS. MUX or SIFBET WILLIAM. ALL-AGXD STAKES \--NAVIGATOR or SOLITDD*. STKEPLXGHASB LUOT, GRSAI WBSTZBH, HWMATA. THRKK AND FOUE YBAB OLD HAHDICAP-T-WATEBLOO, CDSABZ, THE MABOHK>«BS. SCBATCHINGS.-^Nursery Handicap-Malta, Assegai, Transferred, Guesswork, Bassaaio, LIULO, Lesbia, Boree. Steeplechase-Squire, three and Four-year-old Handicap-Cooreena. Newmarket Handicap-Culwyn. All engage tnents-£wiveller. AJ.C. EHTEIES,-The general entries for the A.J.C. Autumn Meeting close at 4 p.m. on Tuesday next, the 14th inst 