Sftetcbey. THE TRANSFERRED GHOST. The country residence of Mr. John Hinckman was a delightful place tome, for many reasons. It was tho abode of a genial, though somewhat impulsive, hospitality. It had broad, smooth shaven lawns and towering oaks and elms ; there were bosky shades at sevoral points, and not far from tho liouso tliore was a little rill spanned by a rustic bridge with tho bark on ; there were fruits and flowers, pleasant peoplo, chess, billiards, rides, walks, and fishing. These were great attractions, but none of them, nor all of them together, would have been sufficient to hold mo to tho place 'vory long. I had been invited for tho trout season, but should, probably havo finished my visit early in tho summer had it not beon that upon fair days, whon the grass was dry, and thosnn was not too hot, and thero was but little wind, there strolled beneath the lofty elms, or passed lightly, through tho bosky shades,. the form of my Madeline. This lady. was not, in _ very truth, my Mad eline. Sho had never given herself to mo, nor had I, in any, way, acquired possession of lier. But as I considered lier possession the only sufliciont reason for tho contintianeo of my existence, I called her, in my reveries, mine. It may have beon that I would not have beon obliged to confine tho use of this possessivo pronoun to my reveries had I confessed tlio stato of my feelings to tho lady. But this was an unusually difficult tiling to do. Not only did I dread, as almost all lovers dread, talcing tho step whioh would in an in stant put an end to that delightful season whioh may bo termed tho antc-intorrogatory period of love, and which might at the same timo terminate all intercourse or connection with tho object of my passion ; but I was, also dreadfully afraid of John Hinckman. This gentlomon was a good friend of mine, but it would havo required a bolder man than I was at that timo to ask him for tlio gift of his niece, who was tho head of his household, and, according to his own frequent statement, the main prop of his declining years. Had Madeline acquicsced in my general views on the Bubject, I might havo felt encouraged to open the matter to Mr. Hinckman, but, as I said before, I had never asked her whether or not she would bo mine. I thought of theso things at all hours ot the day and night, par ticularly tho latter. I was lying awake ono night, in the great bed in my spacious chamber, when, by the dim light of the new moon, which partially ? . ? ? — . - filled tho room, I saw John Hinckman standing by a largo chair near the door. I was vory much surprised at this for two reasons : In tho first place, my host had novor boforo como into my room, and, in tho second place, ho had gono from liomo that morning, and had not ex pootcd to return for sevoral days. It was for this roason that I had been able that ovening to sit much later than usual with Madelino on tho moonlit porch. Tho iiguro was certainly that of John Hinckman in his ordinary dress, but there was a vagueness and indistinctness about it which presently assured mo that it was a ghost. Had tho good old man been murdered? and had his spirit como to toll me of tho deed, and to confide to mo tho protec tion of his dear ? ? My heart fluttered at what I was about to think, but at this instant 'Do you know,' he said, with a counte nance that indicated anxiety, ' if Mr. Hinck man will return to night ?' I thought it well to maintain a calm exterior, and I answered : ' Wo do not expect him.' ' I am glad of that,' said he, sinking into the chair by whioh he stood. ?' During the two years and a half that I have inhabited this house, that man lias never before beon away for a single night. You can't imagine tho relief it gives mo.' And as ho spoko he stretched out liis legs and leaned back in tho chair. His form bo camo less vague, and the color of his garments more distinct and ovident, whilo an expression of gratified relief succeeded to tho anxiety of his countenance. ' Two years and a half 1' I exclaimed. ' I don't understand you.' ' It is fully that length of timo,' said the ghost, ' since I first camo lieie. Mine is not j an ordinary case. But before I say anything more about it, lot me ask you again if you are suro Mr. Iimokman will not return to-night ?' ' I am a3 sure of it as I can be of anything,' I answered. ' Ho left to-day for Bristol, two hundred miles away.' ' Then I will go on,' said the ghost, ' for I am glad to have tho opportunity of talking to somo one who will listen to me ; but 2 John Hinckman should como in and catch mo here, I should be frightened out. of my wits.' ' This is all very strange,' I said, greatly IlllSzlPfl hv wYi n f. 7 Vlfwl linnwl » Am trrtt* *l,rt ghost of Mr. Hinckman ?' This was a bold question, but my mind was so full of other emotions that there soomod to bo no room for that of fear. ' Yes, I am his ghost,' my companion re plied, ' and yet I have no right to be. And thiB is what makes me so uneasy, and so much afraid of him. It is a strange Btory, and, I truly believe, without precedent. Two years and a half ago, John Hinokman was danger ously ill in this very room. At ono time he was so far gono that he was roally bolieved to bo dead. It was in consequenco of toopre cipitato a roport in regard to this matter that I was, at that time, appointed to bo his ghoBt. Imagino my surprise and horror, sir, when, after I had accepted tho position and assumed its responsibilities, the old man revived, be came convalescent, and ovontually regained his usual health. My situation was now one of extreme dolicaoy and ombarrassipent. I had no power to return to my original unom bodimcnt, and I had no right to bo the gliost of a man who was not dead. I was advised 'j 'V iv 4inuLiy mtuiHmn mypoBicion, and was assured that, as John Hinckman was an elderly irian, it could not be long before I could rightly assume the position for which I had beon selected. But I toll you, sir,' ho continued with animation, 'the old fellow seems as vigorous as over, and I have no idea how much longer this annoying state of things will continue. I spend my timo trying to get out of that old man's way. I must not leavo this house, and he seems to follow me everywhere. I toll you, sir, he haunts me.' ' That is truly a queer stato of things,' I remarked. ' But why are you afraid of him ? He couldn't hurt you.' ' Of courso ho couldn't,' said tho ghost. ' But his very presence is a shock and terror to mo. Imagine, Bir, how you would feel if my case were yours.' I could not imagine suoh a thing at all. I simply shuddered. 'And if ono must be a wrongful ghost at. all,' the apparition contiriuod, ' it would bo much pleasanter to be the ghost of somo man other than John Hinckman. Tliere is in him an irasoibilty of temper, accompanied by a facility of invective, which is seldom met with. And what would happen if lie were to see me, and find out, as I am sure he would, how long and why I liad inhabited his house, I can scarcely conceive. I have seen him in his bursts of passion, and, although he.did not hurt tho peoplo ho stormed at any moro than he would hurt me, they seemed to shrink before liim.' All this I knew to bo vory true. Had it not been for this peculiarity of Mr. Hinokman, I might have beon moro willing to talk to him about his niece. ' I feel sory for you,' I said, for I really be gan to have a sympathetic feeling toward this unfortunate apparition. ' Your case is indeed a hard one. It reminds me of those persons who have had doubles, and I supp'oso a man would often bo very angry indeed when he found that thero was another being who was personating himself.' ' Oh, the cases are not similar at all,' said tho ghost. ' A double or doppolganger lives on tlie earth with a man, and, being exactly liko him, ho makes all sorts of trouble, of course. It is very different with me. I am not hero to live with Mr. Hinokman. I am hero to take liis place. Now, it would make John Hinclcmah very angry if lie knew that. Don't you know it would?' I assented promptly. . 'Now that ho is away I can be easy for a little while,' continued tho ghost, ' and I am so glad to haxe an opportunity of talking to you. I have frequently como into your room, and watched you while you slept, but did not dare to speak to you for fear that if you talked with mo Mr. Hinckman would hear you, and como into tho room to know why you wore talking to yourself.' ' But would lie not hoar you ?' I asked. ' Oh, no, '.said tho other, ' thero are times when any one may see ino, but no ono hoars mo except tho person to whom I address my self.' 'But why did you wish to speak to mo?' I asked. _ 'Because,' replied tlio ghost, ' I liko occa sionally -to talk to peoplo, and especially to somo one liko yourself, whoso mind . is so troubled and perturbed that you are not likely to bo frightened -by a visit from oho of us. But I particularly wanted to ask you to do me a favor. There is ovorv probability, so far as I can see, that John Hinckman will lire a long time, and niy situation is becoming insupportable. My groat object at present is to got myself transferred, and I think that you may, perhaps, be of use to me.' 'Transferred!' I exclaimed. 'What do you mean by that ?' . ' What I mean,' said tho other, ' is this . Now that I have started on my career I have' got to bo tho ghost Of somebody ; and I want to bo tho ghost of a man who is really dead.' ' I should think that would bo easy enough,' I said. ' Opportunities must continually occur.' ' Not at all I not at all I' said my compan ion, quicldy. ' You havo no idea what a l ush and pressure there is for situations of this kind. Whenever a vacancy occurs, if I may express myself in that way, there are crowd# of applications for tho ghostsliip.' ' I had no idea that such a state of things existed,' I said, becoming quito interested in tho matter. ' Tliero ought to bo somo regular system, or order of prccedonco, by which you could all take your turns like customers in a barbors's shop.' ' Oh dear, that would novel' do at all !' sAid the othor. ' Somo of us would havo to wait forever. Thero is always .a great rush when ever a good ghostsliip offers itself — while, as you know, there aro somo positions that no ono would caro for. And it was in consequence of my boing in too groat a hurry on an occa sion of the kind that I got mysolf into my present disagreeable predicament, and I have thought that it might bo possible that you would help mo out of it. You miglit know of a caso whore an opportunity for a ghostsliip was not genorally expooted, but which might i present itself at any moment. If you would givo mo a short notico, I know I could arrango i for a transfor.' ' What do you moan ?' I exclaimed. 'Do ' you want mo to commit suicide ? Or to uri- ? dertako a murder for your benefit?' ' Oh, no, no, no 1' said tho other, with a vapory smile. ' I mean nothing of that ktnd. To bo sure, tliore aro lovers who aro watched with considerable interest, such persons having been known, in moments of depression, to offer vory desirable gliostships, but I did not think anything of that kind in connection with you. You wero tho only person I cared to spoak to, and I hoped that you might give mo some information that would bo of uso ; and, in return, I shall bo vory glad to help you in your love aflat?.' 'You soem to know that I have suoh an affair,' I said. ' Oh, yes,' replied tlio othor, with a little yawn. 'I could not bo hero so much as I liavo been without knowing all ahout that.' There was something horrible in the idea of Madeline and myself having beon watqlied by a ghost, even, perhaps, wlion wo wondered together in tho most delightful and bosky placcs. But, thon, this was quito an excep tional ghost, and I could not have tlie objec tions to him which would ordinarily arise in regard to beings of his class. 'I must go now,' said tho ghost, rising, 'but I will soo you somewhere to-morrow night. And remember — you help me, and I'll help you.' I had doubts the next morning as to the propriety of telling Madeline anything about this interview, and soon convinced mysolf that I must keep silent on the subject. If sho know thero was a ghost about tho liouso she would probably leave tho place instantly. I did not mention the matter, and so regulated my demeanor that I am quito suro Madeline never suspected what had taken place. For somo timo I had wished that Mr. Hinckman would absent himself, for a day at least, from the promises. In such caso I thought I might more easily nerve myself up to tho point of spoaldng to Madeline on the subject of our future collateral oxistenco, and, now that tho opportunity for such speech had really oc curred, I did not feel ready to avail myself of me? I had an idea, however, that tho lady thought that, if I woro going to speak at all, this was tho time. Sho must havo known that' certain sentiments wore afloat within me, arid she was not unreasonable in her wish to seo the matter settled ono way or the other. But I did not feel liko taking a bold step in the dark. If sho wished mo to ask her to givo herself to me, sho ought to offer mo somo roason to suppose that she would make the gift. If I saw no probability of such generosity, I would prefer that things Bhould remain as they wero. That evening I was sitting with Madeline in tlio moonlit porch. It was nearly ten o'clock, and ever since supper-tima I had beon working myself up to the point of making an avowal of my sentiments. I had not posi-' tivoly determined to do this, but wished gradually to reach tho proper point, whon, if tlio prospect looked bright, I might speak. My companion appeared to understand the situation — at least, I imagined that the nearer I camo to a proposal the more sho seemed to expect it. It was certainly a vory critical and important opoch in. my life. If I spoke, I should malco myself happy or miserable for ever, and if I diet not speak I had ovory reason to boliovo that the lady would not give mo another chance to do so. Sitting thus with Madeline, talking a little, and thinking vory hard over these momentous matters, I looked up and saw. tho ghost, not a dozen feet away from us. He was sitting on the railing of the porch, one leg thrown up before him, tho other dangling down as lie leaned against a post. He was behind Made line, but almost in front of me, as I sat facing the lady. It was fortunate that Madelino was looking out over the landscape, for I must havo appeared very much startled. Tho ghost had told mo that he would see me somo time this night, but I did not think ho would make his appearance when I was in tho company of Madeline. If sho should seo the spirit of lior uncle I could not answer for tho consequonces. I mado no exclamation, but the ghost evidently saw that I was troubled. ' Don't be afraid,' ho said — ' I shall not let hor see mo ; and she cannot here me speak unless I address myself to her, which I do riot intend to do.' I suppose I looked grateful. ' So you need not trouble yourself about that,' the ghost continued ; ' 'out it soems to mo that you are not getting along very well with your affair. If I wore you, I should spoak out without waiting any longer. You will never have a better chance. Yon ore not likoly to bo interrupted ; and, so far as I can judge, tlio lady seems disposed to listen to you favorably ; that is, if she ever intends to do so. There is no knowing when John Hinck man will go away again ; certainly not this summer.' If I were in your placo I should never dare to make love to -Hinckman's niece if ho wero anywhere about tlio place. If he should catch any ono offering himself to Miss Madeline, he would then be a terrible man to encounter.' I agreed perfectly to all this. ' I cannot bear to think of him 1' I ejacu lated aloud. ' Think of whom ?' asked Madeline, turn ing quickly toward me. Here was an awkward situation. The long speech of the ghost, to which Madeline paid no attention, but which I heard with perfect distinctness, had made mo forget myself. It was necessary to explain quiokly. Of course, it would not do to admit that it was of her dear undo that I was Bpeaking ; and so I mentioned hastily tho first name I thought of. ' Mr. Vilars,' I said. This statement was entirely correct, for I never could bear to think of Mr. Vilars, who was a gentleman who had, at various, times, paid much attention to Madeline. ' It is wrong for you to speak in that way of Mr. Vilars,' Bho said. ' He is a remarka bly, well educated and sensible young man, and has very pleasant manners. Ho oxpoots to bo elected to tho legislature this fall, and I should not bo surprised if he made his mark. He will do well in a legislative body, for when ever Mr. Vilars has anything to say he knows just how and when to say it.' This was spoken very quietly, and without any show of resentment, which was all very natural, for if Madeline thought at all favor ably of me sho could not fool displeased that I should liavo disagreeable emotions in regard to a possible rival. . The concluding words contained a hint Which I was not slow to un derstand. I felt very suro that if Mr. Vilars woro in my present position lie would speak quiokly enough. 'I know it is wrong to havo such ideas about d person,' I said, ' but I cannot help it.' ' Tho lady did not chide mo, and after this sho seemed oven in a softer mood. As for mo, I felt considerably annoyed, for I had not wished to admit that any thought of Mr. Vilars had ever occupied my mind. ' You should not speak aloud that way,' said tho ghost, ' or you may get yourself into trouble. I want to see ovorytliing go well with you, because then you may bo disposed to help mo, especially if I.sliould chance to bo of any assistance to you, which I hope I shall bo.' I longed to tell him that tliero was no way in which ho could help mo so much as by talc ing his instant departure. To make lovo to a young lady with a glioBt sitting on tho railing near by, and that ghost tho apparition of a much-drcadcd unole, tho very idea of whom in such a position and at such a timo made mo tromble, was a difficult, if not an imposs ible, thing to do ; but I forbore to spoak, al . though I may havo looked my mind. ' I suppose,' continued the ghost, ' that you have not heard anything that might bo of advantago to mo. Of courso, I am very anxious to hear, but if you havo anything to tell -mo, I can wait until you are alone. I will come to you to- night in your room, or I will stay here until the lady goes away.' ' You need not wait hero,' I said ; ' I havo nothing at all to say to you.' Madelino sprang to her feet, her face flushed nnd hor oyes ablaze. ' Wait hero 1' she oried. ' What do you suppose I am waiting for ? Nothing to say to mo indeed 1 — I should think so I .What should you havo to say to mo ?' ' Madelino,' I oxclaimed, stopping toward lier, ' lot mo explain.' But she hod gone. Horo was tho ond of the world for mo 1 I turned fiorcoly to tho ghost. ' Wretched oxistonco !' I criod. ' You liavo ruined everything. You havo blackened my wholo life. Efad it not boon for you— — ' But here my voice faltered. I could say no more. 'You wrong mo,' said tho ghost. 'I liavo not injured jyou. I havo tried only to oncour ago and assist you, and it is your own folly that has done this mischief. But do not de spair. Such mistakes as those can be explained. Keep up a brave heart. Good-by.' And ho vanished from tho railing liko a bursting soap-bubble. I wont gloomily to bed, but I saw no ap paritions that night except those of despair and misery which my wretched thoughts called up. The words I had uttered had sounded to Madolino liko the basest insult. Of courso, tliore was only one interpretation sho could put upon them. As to explaining my ejaculalions, that was impossible. I thought tho matter over and over again as I lay awalco that night, and I determined that I would never tell Madelino tho facts of the case. ' It would bo boftor for me to suffer all mv life than for her to know that the ghost of her uncle haunted tho house. . Mr. Hinckman was away, and if sho know of his ghost sho could not ? be mado to bolieve that ho was not dead. Sho might' not svrvivo the shock 1 No, my heart could bleed, but I would never toll her. Tlie next day was fine, neither too eool nor. too warm ; the breezes wero gentle, and na ture smiled. But thero woro no walks or rides with Madeline.. She soomod to be much en gaged during the day, and I saw but little of lior. When we met At meals she was polite, but very quito and reserved. Sho had evi dently determined on a courso of conduct, I and liad resolved lo assume that, although I had been vory ruclo to nor, slio uiu not under stand tho import of my words. It would be quite proper, of course, for hor not to know what I meant by my expressions of tho night before. . I was downcast and wretched, and said but little, and tlio only bright -streak across the black horizon of my woo was tho fact that sho did not appear to bo happy, although sho affected an air of unconcern. Tho moonlit porch was dosorted that evening, but wander ing about tho liouso I found Madeline in tho library alone. Sho was reading, but I went in and sat down nesr lior. I felt that, although I could not do so fully, I must in a measure oxplain my conduct ot the night before. She listened quietly to a somewhat labored apology I mado for the words I had used. ' I havo not tho slightest idea what you meant,' sho said, ' but you were very rude.' I earnestly disclaimed any intention of rudeness, and assured her, witli a warmth of speech that must liavo mado somo impression upon her, that rudoness to lier would be an action impossible to me. I said a great deal upon tho subject, and implored her to believe that if it were not for a certain obstacle I could speak to her so plainly that sho would understand everything. Sho was silent for a time, and then she said, rather moro kindly, I thought, than sho had spolcon before : 'Is that obstacle in any way connected with my uncle ?' ' Yes,' I answered, after a little hesitation, ' it is, in a measure, connected with him.' She mado no answer to this, and sat look ing at her book, but not reading. From tho uxpruasiuil u l iiur nice, l inuuyuu aiiu wua somewhat softened toward me. She know her uncle as well as I did, and she may havo been thinking that, if ho wero the obstaolo that prevented my speaking (and thero wore many ways in which ho might bo that obsta cle),.my position would be suoh a hard ono that it would excuse somo wildnoss of speech' and eccentricity of manner. I saw, too, that tho warmth of my partial explanations had had some effect on her, aud I began to be: lievo that it might be a good thing for mo to spoak my mind without delay. No matter how sho should roceiyo my proposition, my relations with hor could not bo worse than they had been tlio previous night and day, and there was something in hor faco which encouraged mo to hope that she might forgot my foolish exclamations of tho evening before if I began to toll her my talo of lovo. ' I drew my chair a little nearer to her, and as I did so tho ghost burst into tho room from tho door-way behind her. I say burst, although no door flow open and ho made no noise. He was.wildly excited,' and waved his arms above his head. Tho moment I saw him, my heart fell within mo. With the en trance of that impertinent apparition, overy hope fled from mo. I could not speak while ; he was in the room. I must have turned pale, and I gazed stead fastly at tho ghost,' almost without seeing Madeline, who sat between us. I ' Do you know,' ho cried, ' that John Hinckman is coming up tho hill ? Ho will bo here in fifteen minutes, and if you aro doing snything in tlie way of love- making, you had better hurry it up. But this is not what I came to tell you. I have glorious news ? At last I am transferred ! Not forty minutes ago a Russian nobleman was riiurdored by tho Nihilists. Nobody ever thought of him in connection ' with an immediate ghostsliip. My friends instantly applied for the situation for ino, and obtained my transfer. I am off i before that horrid Hinckman comes up the hill. The moment I reach my new position, I shall put off tliis-liate'd semblance. Good by. You can't imagine how glad I am to be, at last, the real ghost of somebody.' ' Oh 1' I cried, rising to my feet and stretching out my arms in utter wretchedness, ' I would to Heaven you wero mine 1' ' I am yours,' said Madeline, rising to mo hor tearful eyes. Frank It. Stockton. — Century. ? ? ? ; — .? 