turf topics abb anticipations. By -Asmodeus. Saturday noxt being Derby day, an endeavor will bo made to make The Leader of tliat date unusually attractive to oursportiug readers. With this end in view a Sporting Supplement will be publishod, containing a comprehensive anticipa- tory anaiyBie o£ the Derby and Melbourno Oup, together with tho probablo starters and jockeys for each event. Tho Maribyrnong Plato and other events of the meeting will also receive duo attention. A special article, entitled " Anecdotal Iteminisencosof the Melbourne Gup" will likewise bo included in the supplement, which will contain numerous other now features in connection with tho various branches of Bport. Together with tho supplement will bo published tho annual issue of The Leader Sporting Almanac for 1882-3, revised to date ; also a large engraving on toued paper, issued as a special supplement, depicting scenes illustrative of an activemorning'e doings on tho Flcmington Training Ground, to which tho artist has dono full justice. The whole will bo contained in a colorod wrapper, and altogether next week's Leader promises to bo a most acccptablo publication to its sporting sub scribers. Nothing could havo been more pronounced than the uninterrupted success which bos char acterised the latest efforts of tho Victoria Ama teur Turf Club at Caulfiold. Tho Btar of Mr. Bond's now racing departuro iB rapidly in tho ascendant, and a proportionate contiuunnco of that lel&l; which has accompanied tho Caulfiold Cup Meeting of 1882 means nothing less than tho establishment of a formidable rival to tho great Melbourne Cup Moeting itself. Tho pro vision of rich stakes is undoubtedly the key note to tho signal succoss achieved on the present oc casion. Wherever our best liorsCB are attracted together thcro will the publio follow, and tho policy adopted by tho V.A.T.C. ever since tho present secretary assumed tho direction of affairs has been of Buck a liberal tone as to merit a mcasuro of patronago which must havo exceeded the fondest dreams of Mr. Bond or any of his coadjutors. As nothing succeeds liko success, it only remains for tho " Amateurs" to go on and prosper, and this, wo may rest assured, tkoywill endeavor to do with a will. Saturday's racing was unusally repleto both for its fulness and variety of contests, 'whilo tho fields were bo well maintainod in oach instance that tho clerk of tho scales had an uncommonly busy time of it. Leading off with the Hurdle Race, it was somotliing of n surprise to sco Lord of Clyde score such a comparatively easy victory after his in ferior display on tho previous Saturday ; but it is wonderful how differently horses can ran whon tho money is on to what thoy do whon morely out for a " fceicr." That Lord of Olydo was out for an airing on tho first day his second and more lucrative performance clearly testified, and the clover bookmaker's stahlo to which ho belongs was not without making that haul for which it has waited so patiently- As such coupe nro effected in accordance with the ordinary run of hurdlo races tho occurrcnco is nothing nnusual, but then why are wo nnfortunato turf prophets, who nro only human, after all, blamed for not elucidating beforehand such profoundly kept secrets? Unfortunato though I was in my selection for tho small sticks, I take some credit for having picked out Delusion, and Delusion only, from a handicapped field of 30 two-year-olds. Tho South Australian filly, however, found a hard nut to crack in Duonna and O'Brien, but thanks to an exquisite bit of horsemanship on tho part of Yoomans tho latter just landed his cliargo a winner on tho post after one of tho finest finishes ono could wish to sec. The abscnco of Swcot William and Valetta loft 82 contestants for tho event par excellence of tho day, and a fine spcctaclo they presented on sweep ing past tho stand en masse, headed by Vordure, who brought her horses along at a tcrrifio paco, and had the vast field ontirely at her mercy to \- within tho last couplo of strides from tho winning post, whon her joekoy foolishly allowed Little Jack to conio up on tho inside and beat her by a nock on tho post. Never was so good a thing turned to such bad use, and liko tho 1'iruto opisodo in tho very samo raco last year tho fol lowers of Foulsham's stablo wcro "dono liko a dinner" at a timo ovory thing appoaredoll over, bar tho provorbinl shouting. It was a noatly con- coctod coup most innocently upset, for,- as n mattor of fact, nobody was moro surprised at tho result than tho St. Albans party themselves, who pinned their faith to Mislakon, whom Mr. Wilson oponly declared ho bad tried to be a stono hotter horso than tho winnor. Even tho Btablo commis sioners wero victimised, for they not only backed Mistaken, but wero among tho fow bookB which wero unluoky enough to lay Little Jack, who has thus shown himself to be a much better horse in public than in private. Litllo Jack is nothing short of a pcrfoct prodigy for his inches. Thrco furlongs from homo ho nppearcd to bo hopelessly out of tho hunt, and the ran ho made when fairly landed in the straight was something to be re membered. Gipsy Cooper, who held a bad posi tion throughout, and oxporienccd considerable difficulty in getting through, also came very fast at tho finish, and gave thoso who backod him for a placo a splendid run for thoir monoy. Tho Assyrian ran prominently for tho first half of tho journey, hut, a3 I predicted, tho ground proved too heavy goiug for both him andDarebin. Tho contest for tho Findon Harriers Gold Yaso afforded on excellent display of amateur jumping, which was aliko creditablo to tho equine anil tho biped representatives of tho Victorian hunting field. Olansman was mado a strong favorite not withstanding his crushing impost of 13 st. 21b., but ho failed to stand up. As may havo been ex pected spills wcro numerous in such a largo field of horses, though luckily thcro arc no serious accidents to rocord. Blackthorn, tho winner, was admirably ridden by Mr. Schollick, who pre viously gave a display of good horsemanship on Edith at the August meeting. Fish, who led tho field a merry dance throughout, looked liko win ning till confronting tho last fenco, where ho fell heavily. Tho Open Steeplechase attracted another fino field of cross country nags, tho win ner turning up in a rank outsider named Sailor, who hails from up country- Prometheus proved tho good thing I predicted him for tho Windsor Handicap, for jumping away in advance of every thing ho was never onco approached, winning hard held in front of a very fair iiold of horses. I havo always maintained that PromethoUB is possessed of an extraordinary turn of speed, and from his breeding and conformation I sco no rcn6on why ho should not stay as well. Tho groat Lurlino has verily thrown two racehorses worthy of horself in Darebin and Prometheus, and who can tell but that sho may again claim tho noxt Derby winner for her sou ? Such would certainly not bo numbered among tho greatest surprises of the turf. Although tho Caulfiold Cup has been finally solved, the result haB been singularly devoid of any direct influenco being brought to bear on tho moro important two mile raco to bo decided at Flemington on .tho last day of tho present month. This is moro to bo accountod for by tho absonco of tho Melbourne Cup favorites than for any other reason. H Saturday's running, however, is to bo taken as a reliable criterion tho prospects of such horses as Darebin, Lord Burghley, Sunta Clans, Gudorz, Calina, Wizard, Commotion, Crystal, Tho Assyrian, Odd Trick, Prattle, Coo- rcena, Mistake, Flying Jib, Anglesey, Colstoun, Brunette, Tho Queen and Gurdeniaoro extremely remote, for none of thorn appeared to possess winning chances oven if tho distance had been increased another half mile. Littlo Jack has incurred a penalty of 7 lb., which will bring his weight to 6 Bt. 8 lb,, or 3 lb. Ies3 thun ho carried to victory on Saturday. On tho strength of his recent meritorious performance, backed up by his victory at Geelong, ho must be held to possess an undeniable chanco of gaining further distinction ip tho prcmior handicap race of tho season, but tho question not unnaturally arises I Has or has not St. Albans somothiug better in rcservo? Mistakon, although Littlo Jack's superior in private, may bo shelvod without hesi tation after his Guineas and Cup behavior, aud then tho choico rests between Hereford Bay and tho dark Belmont. It seems ioosiblo to argue that a stablo so noted for organising gigantic coups would not bo so imprudent as to risk tho Simon pure for tboMolbourno Cup in such a field and on such a course as that over which last Satur day's raco was run ; andif therefore either Here ford Bay or Belmont bo superior to Littlo Jack at their respective handicap weights St Albans may rcasonsonahly bo oxpcctcd to cuter upon another reign of terror during tho approaching cam paign at Flemington. There is nothing very startling in Hereford Bay's creden tials, still a seven-year-old horso turned loose, carrying tho St Albans polish as well as the stablo money, aro a combination of cir cumstances which aro not unlikely to pavo the way to a Melbourno Cup victory, and in tho abscnco of any further authorised demonstration other than what has already been mado by tho accredited commissioners of tho Geelong division, I am rather inclined to accept Hereford Bay as tho real Roger. It is well known that Littlo Jack has not been supported for a singlo Bhillmg by tho stablo, and now that they havo exposed their hand so unintentionally with tho diininutivo son of King Colo and Chorado, it will require no ordinary lino of strategy and finesso to float a commission on his bokalf provided ho proves after all to bo tho cock of St. Albans walk, than which there aro moro unlikely things. Whilo acknowledging the bcBt of Wilson's to possess moro tlian ordinary claim for a ropotition of tho Don Juan and Brisois coups , I cannot help thinking that thcro aro other quarters equally dangerous from whonco to look for tho probable winner. Mr. Do Mcstro, forinstance, is bouud to command respect, inasmuch as at tho prcsont timo ho has in work ono of tho grandest teams over brought together in all Australia, and with thrco trump caTds such as Navigator, Sweet William and Sylvanus in rcservo, who will ques tion but that ho is not capabio of heading tho trick with ono or tho other, to Bay nothing of such emergency court cards as Gudarz, Lohengrin and William Frodorick ? As Sweet William meets Cunnamulla on 12 lb. bettor terms than when ho ran socond to tho latter in tho Sydney Cup, he ought to havo an oxccllont chanco of turning tho tablos on tho prcsont favorito, who may havo improved considerably 'tis truo, but not moro so than tho Tcrrara representative, who is lumps better than ho was last year. Then again, tho llandwick spring running points to tho belief that Sweet William, in turn, is held perfectly safo by Sting, whoso prospocts of suc cess I must confess to hold in tho highost esteem. Stipg, by his victories nt Hawkesbury and Rand- wick, proved that ho i3 good nt all distances aud under different weights ; whilo his defeat in tho Metropolitan' is readily accountod for by tho fact that ho novor had ono good gallop between the timo of his Ilawkosbury victory and whon ho ran such a great horso in the Mctrop. Ho has, more- over, continuod to improve so steadily sinco his transfer to Tom Jones's stablo at Caulfiold that I am moro enamored than over of his chanco, and pending a final digest of tho Melbourno Cup next wcok I will meanwhile select STING as my champion, and reserve Sylvanus, Hereford Bay, Sweet William, Savanaka and StockwoU as likoly to be thio most troublesome of tho othors. 1 have reason to think that Sting will bo piloted by that excellent horsoman M. O'Brien. Tho defeat of Verdure in tho Caulfield Cup affords another striking illustration of how the best laid schemes of men and mico sometimes go adrift. After their monoy was on, the stable hesitated not to divulgo their secret and an nounce themselves to bo in possession of a " moral. " Tho trial at Brighton was such that anything which could not break 2 min. 40 sec. had not the remotest bIiow of get ting homo in front of tho littlo grey marc. Wero tho raco to bo run at Flomington 2 min. 36 sec. would require to bo beaten. Tho jockey's orders wore to go to the front and stick there, and this mandate was obeyed to tho letter as far as tho homo stretch, where Skckan evidently thinking ho had everybody intreublo commenced to look around him, and instead of hugging tho rails ho left a gap sufficiently wide for a horso and buggy to drive past. Moore, who brought up Little Jack with a wot sail, instantly availed himself of tho opening, and riding with fiendish determination ho got on ternm in tho last fow strides and proved victorious in ono of tho most exciting finishes ever witnessed on a racecourse. In this way wasupsot ono of tho best things ever served by Foulsham'b stable. Remembering that tho Pirato's chanco in tho last Caulfield Cup was destroyed through similar dofoctivo joekeyBhip, tho Brighton contingent havo been particularly unfortunato in their selection of riders. Tho lessons taught will doubtless influenco them in a better choico of horsemen when next they havo any Pirate or Vordure coups to bring forward. All Victoria is undoubtedly in a racing vein just at tho present timo; and notwithstanding tho plethora of first class sport recently served up both at Flcmington and Caulfield, Mr. W- S. Cox is determined not to allow so favorablo an opportunity to slip, and by way of catering to tho tastC3 of his patrons he has improvised a moro than ordinarily attractive bill of faro for discus sion at Kensington Park this afternoon. Tho several items on the programme havo received liberal patronage "on paper," and unless the pen is brought into play with its customary pliancy in connection with tbo Park meetings a -fair after noon's sport should rcsnlt. Premier attontion will bo centredin tho Kensington Cup, of COsovs.3 and as tho distance— about five furlongs— Bhould bo well within tho range of the majority of the competitors, an interesting scramble is likely to ensuo, in which Lapstonc, Robert tho Devil and Boatman promiso to take a leading part, provided they aro on their best behavior, Alhambra and Fire King are both leniently handicapped for tho Steeplechase, and ono or tho other ought to win. Tbo week's training operations at Flemington havo not been without their incidents and sensa tions. Monday passed away quietly enough after tho busy doings at Canlfield on tho previous Satur day, but on Tuesday morning trainers awoko to a sense of duty, and thoso habitues of tho tracks who delight in tho pleasurable pastimo of "timing" found ample occupation for their chronographs. Segcnhoe revived tho hopes of his backers by rnnning round tho outer circle in 2 min. 314 sec., during which ho brought both Brunette and Lord Lisgar into trouble. Tho fallen champion of last year's Maribyrnong Plate is fast recovering himself, and may bo ex pected to run quito a different horso horso to what he did at Randwick. Good as wob Segenhoe'3 performance, Guesswork slightly im proved on it, though ho narrowly cscapod a collision, which would havo proved fatal to his Derby chance. If Guesswork could only ho rolied on to repeat in public what ho is capabio of in private, Sir Thomas Elder's prospoet3 of ap propriating the " blue ribbon " would be second tonono; but the little chestnut is such an "in and out" customer that nobody cares to trust him. Guesswork oclipsed all his previous efforts at Flcmington on Thursday morning by running 2 miles in 3 min. 40 sec., finishing well in hand undcrthc steadier of 7 st. 6 lb. or thereabouts. The result of tho Caulfield Cup adds fresh prcstigo to tho Glcnormiston stud, inasmuch as both Litlo Jack and Vorduro wero bred at tho Messrs. Finlay's establishment, as also was Fryingpan, tho winnor of tho Guineas. Tho mastor of St. Albans mado a judicious selection when ho purchased Littlo Jack for 45 guineas, though ho had somo causo to repent for having allowed Vorduro to slip from his hands whon sho won tho Selling Raco at tho January mooting of tho Victorian Betting Club. Darebin was subjected to severe usago whilst running in the Caulfield Cup, his hind legs show- ing manifest signs of being galloped over. Dur ing tho latter part of tho raco ho collided heavily against Tho Assyrian, who in turn rollod against Anglesey. Tho result of tho raco so persuaded Mr. Dakin of tho folly of starting Darebin for tho Melbourne Cup tbat ho at once rccommondcd his withdrawal ; but I am given to understand that tho reply by telegram was advorso to such a course being pursued for tho prcsont, though in. tonding backers would do well to regard him as a doubtful starter, and a .most improbable winnor of tho Melbourno Cup. Darebin, howovor, should bo heard ol to advantage in tho woight for ago events at tho forthcoming meeting. By cablegram wo aro informed that tho "all scarlet" of Mr. IV. S. Crawford experienced a rare innings at tho Nowmarkot Second October meet ing. To win tho Co3arowitch, tho Middlo Park Plato and tho Champion Stakes of 1000 sovs. all in ono sweep is an unparallelod performance. Cbrrio Roy, winner of tho Ccsarowitch, is a four-year- old maro, by Galopin— Corrio, who last year gained ono viotory in threo starts, viz., tho Jockey Club Cup at tho Nowmarkct Houghton meeting, heating a strong field in Poter, Chippenham, Exeter and tho American crack, Mistake. M'Heath, winner of the Middlo Park Plate, is by Macaroni from Heather Bell. In winning the Champion Stakes, Thcbais must havo returned to her three-year-old form, when' tho- daughter oi Hermit gained winning honors in five races oak of seven. It appears that Sutton, better known as tfcd English bookmaker, who has recently causod a hit of a fiuttor in betting circles by his novel method of conducting business, has como to loggorhoads with ono of his principal backers, a gentleman well known on tho South Australia turf. Tho occureneo is said to havo given fiad to a scone in an hotel over a four figured monetary transaction, and although an arm of the law was called in, in tho form of a police man, no action was taken in tho matter. Tho stakes won at tho lato Caulfield meeting, ' amounting in the aggregato to £3008, wero paid over to tho successful ownors on Monday last,' Tho largest individual win fell to tho lot of Mrj IV. Branch, who won tho Caulfiold Cup witty Littlo Jack. His sharo of tho spoil amounted to £690, in addition to which ho becomes tho reci pient of tho Blackwood trophy, value 200 guineas. Messrs. Robertson nnd IVngnor aro tbo next largest winners, tbeir chequo being £490, which represents St. Lawrence's viotory in tho Great Foal Stakes. For winning tho Guineas witty Fryingpan, and running second with Quality in the Great Foal Stakes, Mr. IV. Pearson receives £435. Tho noxt best winner is Mr. A. Taylor,' who is credited with £241 for Sailor's unexpected win in tho Open Steeplechase. The Ghost ran so badly in tho Windsor Handi cap last Saturday that the stewards doomed it expedient to call for an explanation. In tho absence of the owner, who had loft tho paddock, they interviewed the jockey and also examined the horse, the result of which was that they fully satisfied themsolves that the roguish roan behaved on his merits. Apropos of Tho Ghost, Mr. Haines was so dis gusted with him after Saturday's business that he gladly availed himself of an offer of 100 eovs, tho sumo evening, and the unreliable son of Tregeaglo and Ada has since joined T. Jones's string at Canlfield. Intending nominators for the approaching meeting of tho Williamstown Racing Club must not forget that entries require to bo mado city Monday next, either with the secretary, nt jtho Steam Packet Hotel, Williamstown, or at Bowesty Hotel, Bonrko-strcet west. The WilliamstopH Handicap, of 100 sovs., one mile and a quarter;' is deserving of special attention. Tho attention of owners, 'trainere and others who may bo interested in tho Melbourne Cup is directed to tho important fact that tho second forfeit of 5 sovs. must bo declared and paid (a the secretaries of tho V.R.C., A.J.C. or S.A.J.Qj' beforo four p.m. on Tuesday next, otherwiso thq nominators become responsible for the balance of sweepstakes, 15 sovs. The growing popularity of tho Victoria Amatetty Turf Club has done much towards enhancing the value of proporty in tho vicinity of the Canlfield racecourse, and conspicuous among the improves ments recently offected in tbo district aro tbd formation of numerous training establishment,' The superiority of tho Canlfield track is becom ing acknowledged year after year, and at the presont rate of increase it bids fair to rival Flemington as a favorito rendezvous of trainers, I am reqnestod to notify to horse owners, train ers and othors who may contemplate making Canlfield their head-quarters, tliat numerous allotments on tho Tooronga Park estate, adjoining the racecourse, will bo offered for solo on thd ground at three o'clock this afternoon. The opportunity will bo one of whlih somo speculate ing turfites may gladly aTail themselves. The sale of gates, booths, &c.;, for tho V.R.C, Spring Meeting takes place at Kirk's Bazaar on Monday noxt, at twelve noon. I would remind thoso intonated that forfeits for the Maribyrnong Plato (15 sovs.), Victoria Dorby(5 sovs.), Oaks Stakes (5 sovs.), Mares' Produce Stakes (5 sovs.), mu3t bo declared and. paid to tho V.R.C. secretary before eleven a.m. on the dayboforo tho race, or nominators will b» liable for tbo whole sweepstakes. ' Considering that tho Caulfield Cup fell to the lot of a thorough outsider, the odds rcaliscty iff the totalisator at the Sportsman's Club were some what limited, and actually below thoso ohtninahlo iu tho paddock prior to tho raco. Tho instru ment recorded £17 12s. for ovory pound invested on Littlo Jack, and 33 100's to 5 wero procurabla at the post tho hooks heat Mr. Franck's machine for once in a way. The Hebrew's name has been changed to Sic Garnet. Ho has ran second so frequently thatj Sir. Rounsovell possibly anticipates a change "oC luck in renaming tho maiden three-year.old soli of Countryman. Donald Nicholson, tho jockey, had no soonec escaped tho savago attack of Lord Burghley last weak than ha bccamo associatod with another contretemps at Caulfield on Cup day. Whilst viewing one of tho races on a rail in tho saddling paddock, tho support gavo way, throwing liim anS others to the ground pell mell. Being wcakonoa by his previous accident, the shock caused him ta faint, but I am glad to say he is now on tho re covery. I beliovo tho profit of the late Canlfield meeting amounts to over £1500— a nice little replenishes to tho V.A.T.C. exchequer, truly. The first nnd socond days in February are tha dates sclccted.for the annual meoting of tho Gee- long Racing Club. Tho programmo is to bd drawn up on Monday next, when a meeting of mombcrs is to bo called to consider the advisable-, ncss or otherwise of reducing the snbscriptierl fee. ' "j Tho Geelong Racing Club determined on Frfi day, in preferonco to' Saturday, in order to gfvty tho local people an opportunity of witnessing th« races, as in tho past thoy havo been nnablo to dff so, in consequence of Saturday boing tho principal market day ; and also to onablo ownors auty trainers to got homo to distant places before) Sunday, as tho wish to got away in tho past witlf their liorsos on Saturday night has boon' TCiy inconvenient to those at a distanco, . .. . . | It will ho seen by our advertising columns tlutyj tho proprietors of Tattcrsall'a Horso, Bazaar jff< tend holding a sale of racohorscs and IhorongiM bred stock on tho Tuesday after tho Y.R.GVracoa i and as they havo excellent accommodation anty 1 every facility for show and sale, and tilt 1 auctioneer (F. -O. Goyder) thoroughly, under- stands his subject, parties wishing to dispossfli any surplus stock may be sure o£ justice being done to thorn. . Tlio Sydney Tuttcrsall's Club Cup, of 500 sots., closed on Tuesday with a capital entry o£ 77 Jiorscs, which is all the more creditable consider ing that there is a total absence of Victorian sup port, in consequence o£ tho raco clashing with the Champion meeting nt Flemington. Tho offorts o£ tho newly organised Trotting jlub at Elstcrnwick have hithorlo mot with but Utllo success; and tho encouragement held forth ' iy tho entries recently received for the' nest mooting, to bo held on 1st November, is not of a Very re-assuring character. Four horses onlyhayo been nominated for tho 100 sovs. Purse, freo to \- pll, "mile heats; and on public form tho prise looks .entirely nt tho mercy of Commodoro. ' Xicithainstcad also reads a good thing for tho 50 sovs. Purse, limited to colonial bred horses ; but ' then' our past- experience of trotting meetings teveals such an exhibition of " in and out " jrunning that one can never tell until the hum- bora arc up. Flying Jib is among the latest arrivals at Flemington. Tho two-year-old filly Bis Bis returned lo Ade laide on Thursday. J. H. Hill, of Adelaide, arrived, at Flemington fast Monday, accompanied by tho Maribyrnong Plato candidato Lady Jervois, by Emulation — Talkative. I To the surprise of Monaghan, hi3 trainer, and others, The Drummer evinced signs of lameness whilst engaged in a gallop with Sardonyx on Friday morning. On subseaucnt examination it yras discovered that a nail had penolratod his i lioof to.the depth of an inch and n half. He had not thrown off the lameness on leaving the 'ground, though nothing serious is likely to re- " sulk I From the Sportsman I learn that "Plunger" Walton is making sad havoc amongst the book makers' in' America. A member of the English ring who went over there, it is stated, has had a : particularly bad time of it. .' There are evidently a lot of. "dead 'unB1' among the horses left in tho Melbourne Cup, for iit the Victorian Rooms last night a . prominent taetallioian offered lo lay 1000's to 10 each of : 50 horses to bo named by tho eager ponciller. . f' Tho Victorian Club has selected Thursday and Jriday next as comparing days for tho V.R.C. Spring Meeting. . Jessie is expected to arrive at Klomington to- : lay. .... 