i LOCAL NEWS. The usual fortnightly meeting of tho Muni cipal Council will be held to-morrow (Tuesday) afternoon. A celebbation of the commencement of the eight hours system will bo held by tho iron workers and other employees at tho local foundries, on Friday, 28th instant, in the evening. Entbieb for the Hurdle Handicap race, ad vertised by tho Maryborough Turf Club, will close this evening at the Sydney Hotel, whore the Committeo will meet. In connection wifh racing matters we note the arrival by tho Keila warra yesterday of Mr. Josts' trio, Moorlad, Legacy, and Nancy, who are entered for the Maryborough Handicaps. The weights for the Handicaps will be declared to-morrow. The sale of privileges in connection with the ensuing Maryborough Annual Races took place at Messrs. Bryant and Co.'s auction rooms on Saturday, and resulted as follows :— Gates, W. Watton, £102 ; Grand Stand, J. Holier, £8 10s. ; Grand Stand Booth, E. Abbs, £16 ; No. 1 and 2 Booths, C. Young, £21 ; Totalisator, Mr. Campbell, £20. Tho coffee stands wore passed in, the highest bid being £6, and the re serve £7. At tho Police Court on Saturday, before N. E. N. Tooth, Esq., J.P., a young man named Jesse Morrell was brought up, on bail, and pleading guilty to the charge of drunkenness ;in Bazaar-street, was discharged with a caution, John Macorthy appeared to answer the ohorge for a similar offence and was fined 6/- with.tlie option of 8 hours imprisonment. ? : We learn that : Mrs. Dan, wife of a German ?ettler at. Pialba, 'died on Saturday. 'iAfo^t night previous, while driving along the Salt water Creek road, near the race course, Mite. Dau sustained a fracture of the leg through the spring-cart in which she was seated :capsizin£. The unfortunate lady, it seems, was progressing well from the' effects of her mishap, and had long been considered out of danger, when she suddenly died of heart disease, the fatal results being no doubt accelerated by her sad accident. It is announced, by advertisement, that Mr. Medcolfe has arranged for Professor Pepper, tho scientific hero of the London Polytechnic, to re-visit Maryborough, and give two of his most interesting soicnoe festivals, the programme being rendered especially interesting by the in clusion of tho world-renowned ghost illusion ; a triumph which rendered the Professor famous amongst London savant. By means of an in vention of conoentratod lights and Bhadows, known only to himself, Professor Pepper pre sents on the platform a distinct transparent ghost, which perambulates and gesticulates in a natural manner, but is otherwise terribly super natural in appearance. The Professor, we are informed, brings tho complete apparatus with him, and intends to make his two entertain ments thoroughly original. A few months ago tho Govornmoni made a show .of reclaiming' tho numerous half -caste children to bo found amongst tho aboriginals, but it is apparently one thing issuing a procla mation and quite another carrying it into effect. We should liko to know how far the proclama tion was acted upon, how many half-castes havo boon taken possession of, and where are they domiciled. Strangers visiting Maryborough cannot fail to bo struck with tho appearance of two hulf-caste girls in aboriginal garb and acoouipaniod by puro-brod sons of the soil, but carrying in their arms their babies^ whoBe blue eyes, flaxen hair, and nearly white skins, devoid of clothing, cloarly indicate their European paternity. ' ; i Mb. E. F. Hdoues, Surgeon Dentist, will be away from MarybSrougli rill Thursday next, when ho may bo consulted at Ohas. H. Hughof, ?Ohomis^ Adelaide- street. — [Advt.] On application to tho Registrar of births, deaths, and marriages for tho district of Mary borough, wo havo received the following numerical return of births and deaths regis ored during tho quarter ondod 30th Juno, 18^2 : — Within the municipality of Maryborough, Births — males, 41, fomales, 44 : total 88. Deaths : Males, 29, females, 23, total 52. Ex cess of births over deaths : Males, 15, femalos, 21\. Outside the municipality of Maryborough: Births— males, 14, femalos] 8~ total, 22. Deaths— Males, 22, females, 6 s total 28. Excobs of births over deaths, fomales, 2.Ex6ess of deaths over 'births ; niales7S.''T6TSlT)iftuT=Males, 58- fomales, 62 ; total, 110. Deaths— Moles, 61, malos, 22 ; total, 80. Emboldened no doubt by thpjeoent success of the numerous joiners noil 'carpenterS, as w 11 as tiie troops of foun-Iry hands, in obtaining the establishment of the eight hours mpvement, the workmen connected with the various'Sasf^ills in tho town and district _ have, determined to memorialise their respective 'employers with a similar object in view, affirming that- 'eight hours comprise an adequate day's work for this sunny clime. Consequently, a largely at tended meeting of the employees of the dif ferent Sawmills was held in tiie.Temperance Hall on Saturday evening. Mr, A. Brown presided and in the course of his opening speech explained the object of the meeting and mtdc several suggestions relative to the uest mode of action in the mutter. It was stated that a memorial had been drawn up for presentation on Tuesday (to-morrow), to !he;MaBtexB%sking them to grant the conccssi6n of 8 hours as the ordinary working day, and .if the- requisition be not complied with one week's nbtice'tb beigivon from fihat date. It was afterfrardj.jresolved that sub-Committees,' numbering ? -three men from each- saw-mil],xbe ajDointed topresenjb the requisition to the different masters, and the following were^hosen t— BamS&yis; tnill I(Kont street), Messrs. Brown, Wallace,1 and- John Sim j Union— Messrs; ieruiksuanV,' .M-D6wall,'Tand Pollard \ '' Wilson, 'Hart, ''S'-'Oo.'s.— Messrs. M'Dowall, M'Crcody, and Edge y'Dundatliu — 'Messrs. Jas. .Sim; Ben., Bbwden, h aid. ^Miller ; Albion (Taylor Bros.) — Messrs. Schlo'sski, Ant cliffe, and Hose ; Eamsay's (Mungarr) — Messrs. Nugent, Malone, and Burke. After signing the memorial the meeting separated. Me. W. J. McIleoy, travelling representative of the National Mutual Life Association j (ac companied by Dr. Bingham Crowther) isno^r on ?a visit to Maryborough. This Association is the only Colonial Institution paying substantial \ bonuses every three years. Itwasthofirstoffico in the world to introduce the now famous J-on- forfeituro principle (which preserves a member's policy in case of inability, to' pay premiums.) These and other special features have led to its j exceptional popularity throughout all the oolo- I nies. The PnstMagazmeani Insurance Monitor I writing after a critical scrutiny of the statements I of account lately published, jays 'from all that I we can learn the position and prospects of tho I National Mutual are unsurpassed' and tho ! scientific press of Great Britain has referred in I similar terms of praise. Mr. McHroy's address I is at the Custom House Hotel.— [Advt.] : I De. Eames, of Gympio, will attend every I Friday at A. D. Harrap's, chemist, from 11 a.m. ' J till 3 p.m, for the special treatment of ailment, I peculiar to women and children, and diseases of I tho ear. — Advt. I Mb. Willoughby Powell, architect, for j some years connected with the Public Works i Department, Brisbane — has commenced pfac- j tice in this town and may be consulted at j Helsham's Buildings, Kent Street— rADVT/| At a recent meeting of the court of directors I of the Victorian Humane Society, among other I cases dealt with were those of Alexander Mar- I tin, of Bundaberg, who went out in a dingy and I picked up some seamen whose boat had been I swamped. No award was mado ; and Walter I Hay, Alexander Goodoll, George Dign,! 'Alex- I auder Morrow, WilBtm Patrid, all of Nbosa, Queensland, who pulled out in a heavy sea to I the rescue of a man clinging to a capsized. boat. j A certificate was awarded. . , ?. ; . I On Saturday last (says the Western Star of | 5th instant) three' little boys, all under. 10 years j of age, took a fancy to going and camping out j in the bush. One was a son of Mr. R. J. Cottroll, the other two were Bons of Mr, Bennett, sometime since carrying on business aB a store keeper in Roma, but now away up the country. They took away with them a couple of . loaves of broad, and started to go up the creek As I they did not return by nightfall the .parents- I became alarmed for their safety, particularly I as a dog that had accompanied them .came. I home wet all over, as if it had crossed' the I creek. Arrangements were made; for ;a«earch .party to go out on . Sunday morning, .amongst 1 whom were several constables and a black tracker. The boys' tracks were discovered up the creek about a mile and a-half from -town, and by 10 o'clock the children: were found) on the edge of a scrub Borne eight miles from .Boma, and. not !fcr- from the Minmi crossing. The little fellows hod .passed a perishing^night in the bush,' and .were not a httle alarmed at the howling of tiie native dogs. They were safely brought back and taken home. The following telegram from Mr. E. S. Flint, telegraph master at Alice Springs, to the Post- I -jnastei-General ;(says j£b'e. \AivlaAtler Advertiser) I was received on June H : — ' I beg to report I any return to station.;.; Turned' back - through I scarcity of water, hit. 22 dog. 45 min., Jong., I 136 deg. 35 min., About, 100 miles east , mot I friendly tribe of natives (Jerakwa), who'Jcorro- I borated the information as,io tie , white men I dying in.that-rloinity many years ago, andthat I the natives of the next tribe (Jerypoodna) could I show me the spot. TJiese Tribes are on hostile I terms at present ; therefore they could not escort I me into their opponents' country. The.gjiost I valuable part of the ^information received' from I these natives is that they have given :me' some I distinct idea of how long ago it is since tho I deaths occurred — a thing I was unable to accu- I rately get at before, owing to the= inability of I natives to convey a particular number of years | past to a white's intelligence. ? I 'first met with I two members of the. Jerakwa /tribe, Jfnen who I were about 25 years of age, and these gave me I to understand through an .intbrpneter' that tho I whites' deaths occurred before' tliey, -yere, Wn. I Shortly. afterWards a grey-bearded native | joined, I and, pointing to him, they said that when ho I had just undergone -the operation of being mode I a * young man* these deatus took place. ^As.this I ceremony tokos.plaoo when the lads are about 16 I years old, and his .present age is from 47 to 62, I the deaths of these, whites may/bo]reasonably I supposed to be concurrent with, Leiehh'ardt'B. I They further informed mo that at. the time the I Jerypoodna nativos exchanged portionsof blue I blankets and tomahawks with them lor'weapbns, ! &c.; I then' pushed on, but' after travelling I about 80 miles without seeing any traces of I natives I reluctantly turned back: .-through j absence of1 water and running -wit: of £ueat. I Saw the wild cattle mentioned :by .jtho Alice I Springs natives, but was -unable to got near I enough to shoot one for a frosb supply of meat. 1 Had I obtained this I should have mado another I attempt to get amongst tho Jerypoodna tribe by I a more northern route. I firmly believe! was I within roach of some clue of Leichhardt's fate. I Country traversed usolesB for pastoral '-purposes, I boing very, poorly grassed, and after leaving tho I Boss Creek did not see a single permanent stock I water, nlMi^ugh by following ^tlio M'Dpnnell I range v.Cnuiont can lie obtained at short dis- I tanccs lor a lightly 'equipped pufctyj ' *TfS^Js of I iron tonmVm i; ? iu natives' possession seen as far I oast as-I: rcivl-r-i. ' Journal, maps, &c.;, by post,'^ I 