THAT LITTLE SQUABE BOX "ALL aboard?" said the captain. "All aboard, sir!" said the mate. " Then stand by to let her go." It was nine o'clock on a Wednesday morning. Tho good ship Spartan was lying off Boston Quay with her cargo under hatches, her passengers shipped, and everything prepared for a start. The warning whiBtle had been sounded twice, the final bell had been rung. Her bowsprit was turned towards England, and the hiss of escaping steam showed uiat all was ready for her run of three thousand miles. She strained at the warps that held her like a greyhound at its leash. I have the misfortune to be a very nervous man. A sedentary literary life has helped to increase the morbid love of solitude which, even in my boyhood, was one of my distinguishing characteristics. As I stood upon the quarter-deck of the Transatlantic steamer I bitterly oursed the necessity which drove me back to the land of my forefathers, The shouts of the Bailors, the rattle of tbe cordage the farewells of my fellow-passengers, and the cheers of the mob, eaoh and all jarred upon my:sensitive nature. I felt sad too. An indescribable \- feeling, as of some impending oalamity, seemed to haunt me. The sea was calm, and the breeze light. There was nothing to disturb the equanimity of the most confirmed of landsmen, yet I felt as if I Btood upon the verge of a great though indefinable danger. I have noticed that suoh presentiments occur often in men of my peculiar temperament; and that they arc not uncommonly fulfilled. There is a, theory that it arises from a species of second - sight, a subtle spiritual communication with the future. I well remember that Herr Raumer, the eminent spiritualist, remarked on one occasion that I was the most sensitive subject as regards supernatural phenomena that he had ever encountered in the whole of his wide experience. Be that as it may, I certainly felt far from happy as I threaded my way among the weeping, oheering groups which dotted the white decks of the good ship Spartan. Had I known the experience which awaited me in the oourse of the next twelve hours I would even then at the last moment have sprung upon the shore, and made my escape from the acoursod vessel. " Time's up!' said the captain, closing his chronometer with a snap, and replacing it in bis pocket. ' Time's up !'• said the mate. There was a last wail from tbe whistle, a rush of friends and relatives upon the land. One warp was loosened, the gangway was being pushed away, when there was a shout from the bridge, and two men appeared, running rapidly down the quay. They were waving their hands and making frantic gestures, apparently with the intention of stopping the ship. "Look sharp 1" shbiited .the crowd. old TiardT' cried the .captain. . "Ease her 1 stop her I Up with the gangway 1" and the two men sprang aboard just "as theeeoond warp parted, and a convulsive ihrob of the engine «hot us clear of the shore. There was cheer from the deck, another from the quay mighty fluttering of ha^kerchiefs, and the great vessel ploughed its way out of the harbour, and steamed grandly iaway across the placid-bay. We were fairly started upon onr fortnight's voyage. There was a general dive among the passengers in guest of firths and luggage, while a popping of corks in the saloon proved that more than one bereaved traveller was adbpting artificial means for drowning the pangs of separation. I glanced round the deok and took a running inventory of my compagnons de voyage. They presented the usual types met with upon these occasions. There was no striking face among them; I speak as a connoisseur, for faces are a specialty of mine. I pounce upon a characteristicfeature as a botanist does on a flower, and bear it away with me to analyse at my leisure, and classify and label it in my little anthropological museum. There was notfung worthy of me here. Twenty types of young Amerioa going to " Yurrup," a few respectable middle-aged couples as an antidote, a sprinkling of clergymen and professional men, young ladies, bagmen, Britishcxclusives,and all theoUapodrida of an ocean-going steamer. I turned a way from them and gazed back at the receding shores of America, and, as a cloud of remembrahces rose before mtj, my heart warmed towards the land of my adoption. A pile of loitmanteaus and luggage chanced to be Iyng on one side of tihie deck, awaiting their turn to be taken below. With my usual love for solitude I walked behind these and sitting on a coil of rope between them and the vessel's £ide, I indulged in a melancholy reverie. I was aroused from this by a whisper behind me. " Here's a quiet place," said the voice, " Sit down and we can talk it over in fety. Glancing through a chink between two colossal chests, I saw that the passengers who m had joined us at (he last moment were standing at tbe other side of the pile. They had evidently failed to see me as I crouched in the shadow of' the boxes. The one who had spoken was a tall and very thin man with a c blue-black beard and a colourless face. His manner was nervous and excited. His companion was a short plethoric little fellow, w with a brisk and resolute air. He had a cigar in bis mouth, and a large ulster slung over his left arm. They both glanced round uneasily, as if to ascertain whether they were alone. " This is just the place," I heard the other Bay. 'They sat down on a bale of goode with their backs turned towards me, and I found myself, much against m. .y will, playing the unpleasant part of eaves-dropper to their conversation'. " Well, Muller," said the taller of the two, " we've got it aboard right enough." "Yes," assented the man whom he had addressed as Muller, " it's safe aboard. " It was rather a near go." " It was that, Jftannigan." " It wouldn't have done to have missed the ship," ", No, it would have put our plans out." "Buined p n t''r a ly." and puffed furiously at his cigar lor some minutes. " I've got it here," he said at last. " Let me see it." " Is no one looking ?" " No, they are nearly all below." " We can't he too careful where BO much is at stake," said Muller, as he uncoiled the ulster which hung over his arm, and disclosed a dark object which he laid upon the deck, One glance at it was enough to cause me to spring to my feet with an exclamation of horror. Luckily they were so engrossed in the matter on hand that neither of them ob served me. Had thay turned'their heads they Would infallibly have seen my pale face glaring at tliepi over the pile of boxes. From the first moment of their conversation a horrible misgiving had come over me. seemed more than oonfirmed as I gazed at what lay before me. It was a little square box made of,some dark wood, and ribbed with brass, I suppose it was about the size of cubic foot. It reminded me of a pistol-case, only it waB decidedly higher. There was an appendage to it, however, on which my" eyes were riveted, and which suggested the pistol itself rather than its receptacle. This was trigger-like arrangement upon the lid, which a coil of string was attached. Beside this trigger there was a small square aperture through the wood. The tall man,Flannigan as his companion called him, applied his eye to this and peered in for several minutes with an expression of intense anxiety upon his face. " It seems right enough," he said at last, " I tried not to shake it," said his compan ion. " Such delicate things need delicate treat ment. Put in some of the needful, Muller/ The shorter man fumbled in his pocket for some time, and then produced a small paper packet. He opened this, and took out of half a handful of whitish granules, which he poured down through the hole. A curious clicking noise followed from the inside of the box, and both the men smiled in a satisfiedway. " Nothing much wrorij; there," said Flanni gan, "Bight as a trivet," answered his companion. "Lookout! here's some one coming. Take it down to our berth. It wouldn't do to have any. one suspecting what ,our game worse still, have them fumbling with it, and letting it off by mistake." " Well, it would come to the same, whoever let it off," said Muller. " They'd be rather astonished if they pulled the trigger," said the taller, with a sinister laugh. "Ha, ha! fancy their faces! It's not a bad bit of workmanship, I flatter myself." "No," said Muller. " I hear it is your own design, every bit of it, isn't it"" " Yes, the spring and the sliding shutter are my own*" " We Bhould take out a patent." And tbe two men laughed again with a cold harsh laugh, as they took up the little brass-bound package, and concealed it in Muller's volumi nous overcoat. " Come down, and we'll stowit in our berth, said Flannigan. " We won't need it until to night, and it will be safe there." Hie companion assented, and the two went arm-in-arm along the deck and disappeared down the hatchway, bearing tbe mysterious little box away with them. The last words J heard were a muttered injunction from Flanni gan to carry it carefully, and avoid knocking it against the bulwarks. How long I remained'sitting on that coil rope I shall never know. The horror of tho conversation I had just overheard was aggravated by the*first sinking qualms of sea-sickness. The long roll of the Atlantic was beginning to assert itself over both ship and passengers. I felt prostrated in mind and body, and fell into a state of collapse, from which I was finally aroused by the hearty voice of our worthy quartermaster. " Do you mind moving out of that sir, said. ' " We want to get this lumber cleared off the deck; His bluff manner and ruddy healthy face seemed to be a positive insult to me in my present condition. Had I been a courageous or a muscular man I could have struck him As it waB, I treated the honest sailor to melodramatic soowl which seemed-to cause him no small astonishment; and strode past' im-to the other .side .of.tbe .'deck. Solitude was what I wanted—solitude in which loo old brood over the frightful crime which was being hatched before my very eyes. One tit the quarter boats was hanging rather low down upon, the davits. An idea .Btrack me, and, climbing on the bulwarks, I stepped into the empty boat and lay down in the /bottom of it. -Stretched on my back, with nothing but tlio bine sky above me, and an occasional view of the mizen as the vessel rolled, I- was at-least alone with my sickness and my thoughts. , I tried to recall-the words wliioh had been spoken in the terrible, dialogue d had overheard. Would they admit of any construction but the one which etared me in the faoe? My reason forced ine to: confess that they would not. I endeavored ts array the various facts which formed the chain of circumstantial evidence, and to fUid a.flawin it; but no, not a link was missing. There was the strange way in which our passengirs had come aboard, enabling them to evade any examination of their luggage. The very name • of' Flpnnigan' smacked of Fenianism, while 'Mull ler' suggested nothing but Sooialism and murder. Then their mysterious manner; their remark that their plans would have been ruined had they missed the ship; their fear of being observed; last- but not least, the clenching evidence in the production of the little square box with tbe trigger, and their grim joke 'about the face of the man who should let it off by mistake,—could these facts lead to any conclusion other than that tbey were the desperate emissaries of some body, political or otherwise, and intended to sacrifice themselves, their fellow- passengers, and the ship, in one great holocaust ? The whitish granules which I had seen one of them pour into the box formed no doubt a fuse or train for exploding it. I had myself heard a sound come from it which might have emanated from some delicate piece of machinery. Bnt what did they mean by their allusion to tonight ? Could it be that they contemplated utting their horrible design into execution n the very first evening of our voyage? :The ere thought of it sent a cold shudder over e, and made me for a moment superior even o the agonies of sea-sickness. I have remarked that I am a physical oward. I am a moral one also. It is seldom hat the two defects are united to such a degree n the one character. I have known many men ho were most sensitive to bodily danger, nd yet were distinguished for the indepenence:and strength yf their minds. In my own ase, however, I regret to say that my quiet nd retiring habits had foBtered a nervous dread of doing anything remarkable or. making myself conspicuous, which exceeded, if possible, my {ear of personal peril. An ordinary mortal placed under the circumstances in which I now found myself would have gone at onoe.to the captain, confessed his fears, and put the matter into his hands. To me, however, constituted as I am, the idea was most repugnant. The~ thought of becoming the observed of all observers, CTOBSquestioned by a stranger, and confronted with two desperate conspirators in the character of a denouncer, was hateful to me. Might it not by some remote possibility prove that I was mistaken ? Wbat would be my feelings if there should turn out to be no grounds for my accusation? No, I would procrastinate; I wonld.keep my. eye on the two desperadoes and dog them at every turn. Anything was better than the possibility of being wrong. Then it struck me that even at that moment some new phase of the conspiracy might be developing itself. The nervous excitement seemed to have driven away my incipient attack of sickness, for I was able to stand up and lower myself from the boat without experiencing any return of it. I staggered along the deck with the intention of descending into the cabin, and finding how my acquaintances of the morning were occupying themselves. Just as I had my hand on tho companion-rail, I was astonished by receiving a hearty slap on the back, which nearly shot me down the steps with more haste than dignity. 'Is that you, Hammond?" said a voice ; which I seemed to recognise. " God bless me," I said as I turned round, it can't be Dick Merton Why, how arc you, old man?" This was an unexpected piece of luck in the midst of my perplexities. Dick waB just the man I wanted; kindly and shrewd in his nature, and prompt in liis actions, I should, have no difficulty in telling him my suspicions, and could rely upon his sound sense to point out the best course to pursue. Since I was a little lad in tbe second fonn at Harrow, Dick had been my adviser and protector. He saw a glance that something had gone wrong with me. " Hullo!" he said, in his kindly way, what's put you about, Hammond? Ton look as white as a sheet. Mai dc mer, eh ?" No, not that altogether," said I. " Walk up and down with me, Dick; I want to speak to you. Give me your arm." Supporting myself on Dick's stalwart frame, I tottered along by his side; but it was some time before I could muster resolution to speak. "Have a cigar," said he, breaking tho silence. " No thanks," said I. " Dick, wo shall be all corpses to-night." " That's,no reason against your having a cigar now," said Dick, in his cool way, but looking hard at me from under hie shaggy eyebrows as he spoke. He evidently thought that my intellect was a little gone. " No," I continued, " it's no laughing matter; and I speak in sober earnest, I assure you. I have discovered an infamous conspiracy, Dick, to destroy this ship and every soul that is in her;" and 1 then proceeded systematically and in order, to lay before him the chain of evidence which I had oollect&d.; " There, Dick," I said, as I concluded, "what do you think of that ? and, above all, what am I to do ?" To my astonishment he burst into a hearty fit of laughter. " I'd be frightened," he said, " if any fellow but you had told me as much. You always had a way, Hammond, of discovering mare's nests, I like to Bee the old traits breaking out again. Do you remember at school how you swore there was a ghost in the long room, and how it turned out to bo your own reflection in tho mirror ? Why, man," he continued, " what object would any one have in destroying this ship? We havo no great political guns a-hoard. On the contrary, the majority of the passengers are Americans. Besides in this sober nineteenth century, the most wholesale murderers stop at including themselves among their victims. Depend upon it, you have misunderstood them, and have mistaken a photographic camera, or something equally innocent, for an infernal machine." " Nothing of, the sort, sir," said I rather touchily, " You will learn to your cost, I fear, that I have neither exaggerated nor misinterpreted a word. A6 to the box, I have certainly never before seen one like it. ^ It contained delicate machinery; of that I am convinced, from the way in whioh the men handled it and spoke of it. " You'd make out every packet of perishable goods to be a torpedo," said Dick, •' if that is to be your only test." " The man's name was Flannigan,' I continued, (Concluded in our next.) 