MAi^K TWAIN. ? HIS LATK3T ODIJI TT— A NEW VERSION .'. ' . OF 'HAJILKr.' v . . 1 .% ('Frisco Weekly Post ) .-? Acokss has been hud to the adv-moed sheets j)f Mark i Twttiil's. n«w -play, whioh^will be brought out in New York sometime during tho coming winter! It is not exactly ft now play, but rather a revision of ' H aiolet ' According to Twain's idea ' Uumlet' as it oame from tho nnn of ShfikflsnBfire- was incnmnleta. Twain assumes that a m^n of Hainlet'a melancholy and eooentric temperament must of necessity huv.j had a younger brother in the family of a more sprightly and sunny disposition. Twain sus tains hid theory in the following ingenious ar guments : — 'We find in the History of England and Parts Aiijioent, page 4, 11 44, volume!, tho following letter Irom the King of Denmark to Tom Sayers, un old friend of his : — j Pear Tom : Those hair- stuffed boxinjj gloves and foili came by the ': Mark Lane Express ' [Mark Lane, who ran the express company, was a distant uncle of the author.— M. T. ] in good ? rder, O. O. D. Hrimlet, my eldept son, being of a ticiturn and melan choly disposition, tskea very little stock in the gloves, a3 a blow on the nose only serves to increase his meltncholy. Thus I havo given ye gloves to Billy, my second both, who is as lively as a cricket on his pins and a jovial lad withal, who takes kindly to ye manly sport of boxing. Yesterday he thumped his teacher moat soundly on je bugle, for whioh I rewarded him by giving him a silvor-Jionnted wansail bowl, filled to tho uppermost rim with good brown ale. If you multo your match with Crabb. let me know, and Send a couple of ticketa for «tat» pretty cloee to the ropes. If you want bucting, the whole exohequer of Denmark and the .-ubtroasury thrown in is Yours truly, Claudius, King of Denmark. From this historical scrap Mr Clements pro ceeds to reconstruct the play, holding, with no little show of reason, that .Shakespeare had no licenoe, poetical or otherwise, to five Hamlet a prominence not accorded to -his younger brother. T wain continues : — ' Other letters from the King to 8ayera, now in my possession, being kindly loaned by the British Museum, go to show that Shake speare had a grudge against Billy, the younger brother, because when -h.ikespeare visited the Palace of Claudius, Billy put an old cundleanuffer ia Sankasp-sar'a b:-ot, a frolic some proceeding, which 30 incensed the bard that he never forgave tho young, rascal. Persons who hay,-, had candlesnuffers plaoed in tneir Doort- can readily appreciate the moti?e« which ijovcrtied the poet in making no refer ence to Billy in the piay, exo^p: where he appears to him — ' 'Like a mildewed ear Blasting his wholesome brother.' ' ; ' The events at Klsinora happened as I have writ' on ibein, Shakespeare transposed and dis torted the facts, and I cannot conscientiously allow these gross historical mistakes. to pass un oorrected. ...;.- .:' :. . : THE MAT.. In his revised veri-iou i'wsis takes libe-tia* with the original text, which strongly remind oue of Boucicanlt adapting t. French drama for the American stage,. In the first aot, where Bernado and Fran cisco indulge in a colloquy en the platform along with Maro-.-llns and Horatio, William coraesin and S9ts ud the refreshments for the guards out of a little blaok bottle, but refuses the two Utter to h'ive a second pull at the flask after they begin to talk of the appari tion, on the grounds that he doec not care to encourage so pronouced a case of delirium tremens. The guards then leave William to himself, and after they hive disappeared he bursts into an immoderate fi' of laughter. He then slips away, and in a side scene is rep esented dress ing hirnaelf up in his father's armour and covering himself with some m'8quito netting, making up as a ghost. As soon as his arrange ments are complete he stalka in and frightens the wits out of Bern»do and Horatio, making several tours out in the side scenes, where he itoes to hide his merriment at the success of his trick. When Horatio is telling Hiralet of the ap parition, William listens with mouth wide open, apparently transfixed with fear, but after they are gone he turns to Hamlet with . iiHamlet,.do.-you swallow all this? Don't you know all those fellows are as crazy as bed bugs? Do you s'pose the old man would walk around this castle with hid armour on P What in the deuce does a ghost want of ar mour ? . Besides, a Ifhost Ain't rRTlflhlA nt nn^lr. iu' armour around. Why, in the last few years before dad died he wasn't hardly able to waddle about i that one hundred and ten pound suit. Don't you know, when he came in from that last dress parade, he said he'd be switched if he'd over put the old brass togs on again. Pshnw, old boy, have come aenae. THE GHOST WALKING SCENE. In the fourth i-cone William geta himself up iu fine shape, and rehearses the ghoat-walkiug scene, until he is entirely satisfied with him aelf, while ho indulges in the following solilo quy:— ' Perhaps this won't catch him. ,Oh, no ! He'll think it the true bumnesti, and no mistake If I can get him about half crnzy I oan corral the girl. Blamed if he'd have far to go.' Iu thia scene Twain hap followed tin- original text pretty cloaely. The following extraots will give a general idea of his treatment of it : Ham. ? 'My fate cries ont And makes each petty artery in this body As hardy as the Nemeim lion's nerve _;.„, „ , TT . , [Ghost beckons. Still I am called. Unhand me, contlernen. [Breaking from them. By heaven, I'll make a ghost of him that lets me I I Bay away I Go on, I'll follow theo. William ? Oh, he's coming. I've got him cranked already. The harrowing tale which William, aa the Ghost, unfolds runs in thi? p-aotical fashion : ? ' I am thy father's spirit. Doomed to an ever lasting swing around the circle. I could a tale unfold that would lift your hat to the ceiling. If there ever was a slick old fraud your uncle is that man. The newspaper reports about my death were all wrone, although as near right as all newspaper reports. Mountain fever never got away with me. The man who is now in my political shoos dumped an ounoe of pruesic acid in my ear, and that did the busi neas. I can tell yon, Hamlet, that for a good, quiok, reliable poison, I consider pruasie acid us unequalled. I urn willing to furnish testi monials for the trade.' The ghost then proceeds at considerable length to tell ? utmlet what to do and how to got oven with hia uncle, interspersing his story with uome side-nplitting ' asides, which aro in Mark TwainV beat vein. Through the entire play the pranks of William are indescrib ably ludicrous, aa he appears in the doublo role of ghost and adviser to Hamlet in the floeh. Whon not masquerading with his materialising aeanoes he is going about with his brother trying to dissuade him from doing anything rash, and telling him what an infernal fool he is for taking any stock in tho supernatural, occasionally withdrawing to a quiot plaoo to hold his sides and laugh, whon his hilarity threatens to escape from hii con trol. His prime idea is to get even on his unclo and stepfather, for whom he has the most profound oontempt, but when eventB thicken as tbo direct result of hia pranks, heVstudiea to undo his work, and on one occfin:on coufessen tho fraud and trios to get Hamlet to look at the armour and mosquito netting, but Hamlet only looks upon it us h dodge to di» Bnado him from his purpose, and will listun to nothing. In the latter part of tho pluy he sobers down and calmly allows events to tuko their o-mrse. In the closing noene he gazes npon tho work of doath, and coolly ordore ' a bolt of black era: o,' whllo ho announces that his mourning will be wholesale. Homo of tho passages are intensely fnnny and in others tho humour is forced, with n teudercy to slang ; but aa a whole the innovation is vory laughable, and the thing will no doubt attract large audi. ences wherevor the pieca is played. ' Judges,' eaid a lawyer, ' have always a great advantage over ua poor fellows, for thoy guese last.' . ' ? ', -J- '? 