THE DEPUTY COMMISSIONER'S GHOST, STORY. , BY J. S. IT is rather over a year since a gentlemanly looking stranger was seen in Brisbane, and puzzled those who knew nothing of him by appearing at a Government House ball in a certain blue uniform, which, being neither distinctly naval nor distinctly military, hinted at some mysterious official position very tantalising to the curious. Persistent inquiry was now armed with the information that this was the Deputy High Commissioner of the Pacific, and the very hazy idea conceived by the Brisbane public as to the nature of his authority and the extent of his powers invested the visitor within interest almost romantic. It was rumoured that on his way from Polynesia in a man-of-war he had stopped somewhere to hang a man, and, having got through this little business in a satisfactory manner, had come on to Brisbane for a brief holiday. That the Deputy High Commissioner had been a so journey in the tropics one could easily surmised from that inevitable sallowness with which a climate so alien to British constitutions invariably brands its visitor! s. recalling the appearance of this bronzed looking gentleman, we remember that he was of a grave and thoughtful cast of countenance. Gravity in men who have passed their twenty-fifth milestone on the road of life is not so in common as to be remarkable nor, to speak honestly, do we remember to have been at the time particularly impressed by this characteristic in the case of the Deputy High Commissioner. But there is a perfectly unconscious mental ingenuity in the faculty of imagination which is apt to impose upon the most prosaic. If one were introduced to a man of average amiability of appearance who left an catch cry neutral impression on one's mind, and then afterwards should happen to hear that he was a murderer, imagination would immediately impose upon memory by compelling it to recall particular lines and furtive sinister expressions but too clearly denoting the relentless ferocity of character which had escaped observation in the first instance. So it is with us in the case of the Deputy High Commissioner of the Pacific. We remember now not only that he was grave, but that he was v< in grave. That his gravity had about it, moreover, a certain wearied disquiet. That, in fact be was exhibiting all the symptoms appropriate to the condition of a gentleman who had lately seen a ghost. For such indeed we find was the condition of Mr. Hugh Hastings Romilly at the time of his brief visit here. He had not only seen a ghost, but, aware of the general incredulity on such subjects, he had carefully kept his experience to himself, and brooded over his apparition in silence. On reaching England, however, he resolved to discard this reticence and to give his story to the world in a plain and circumstantial narrative. The result is a little book of about the length of a magazine article, very freshly and pleasantly written, and giving a most interesting glimpse of an adventurous sojourn in Polynesia. What the Spanish Main was to the ntl von. turous youth of Tudor times the Southern Pacific is to the enterprising English traveller of to-day. A young nobleman of our days, or a wealthy commoner, with the craving for proving adventure which seems inbred in the Anglo-Saxon of every country, steers his yacht for the Southern Pacific, and finds amongst the islands of Polynesia a multitude of new sensa- tions. 1 The beauty of these lovely islands, with 'their thickets of rich-tinted'crotons stretching' from the dark jungle of the interior right down to the dazzling white strand In most cases protected from the buildings of the. Pacific rollers by a natural breakwater of coral ; the thin fringe of nodding cocos palms, the mar- ' vellous grace of the rustling dracaenas, and the profusion Of vegetable wealth, which gives the whole land the appearance of a forcing bed for rare exotics, all combine to impress a traveller from Europe with a sense of novel beauty very alluring. Yet' natural beauty, though most satisfying to the senses, is not the chief charm of this sort of travel. 'The attraction of savage life which prompts so many travellers to explore the dark regions of the world has a peculiar fascination in Polynesia. Each'littlo Island as it rises on the horizon becomes an object of new speculation and interest. The groat'Papuan race, which has peopled so large an area of the world's surface hasbeen curiously modified in these little island communities by the accident of environment. On a little spot in the ocean; not more probably than twenty miles across, may sometimes be found three or four nationalities, and any member of either Venturing into foreign territory does so at the hazard of his life. In this region of perpetual summer, nature has been bountiful to little purpose. The scanty told a native bestows on his "plantation" rewards him with a rich profusion of fruits and edible roots, so that his leisure for all the indulgences of truculent savagery is abundant. Treachery is his vocation, cruelty his favourite pastime. There seems ample evidence that the aboriginal disposition of the parent stock was one of light hearted amiability and kindly nature, and in many islands this friendly cheerfulness still remains a happy characteristic, making the simplicity of the people very winning to a European, ' In others, however, the original nature has been so long clouded by a sullen ferocity as to have been entirely. obliterated, so that a visitor tempted within the coral ' reef which forms the natural breakwater to most of these islands' must be in some doubt whether on reaching the strand he may receive a merry welcome from a harmless gleeful crowd or a shower of poisoned arrows from a lurking foe. It is this spice of danger that give a zest to Polynesian traveL ' There is ailment has? a ¿oínWn''between civilised raanJ v. and. pr.imitivejnan-tlian-thera-ia-between-tho I former and his dog./Jailooking at the one, so near in all outward, resemblances, yet so 1 immcak'uraíííy remotest every thought, skirt i ment, and aspiration, one certainly feels more kinship with the dogVHôTwatclïcs each expressed sion of one's mood with anxious affection. When Darwin firat-saw-a-crowd-of-oxoited savages on the Patagonian beach, gesticulating and yelling, he thought, flok cmntyjisifourfpijüäe. of France when ultra ing all probability looked tour aboriginal forefathers after they had assumed the erect posture ! A u ' it , ' ' * v. The main incident of Mr. Romilly's story took place at Rotumah, a little island which, at the solicitation of the chiefs, has been annexed to Fiji, But at the time of Mr-. Romilly's visit her Majesty's ascent had not been received to this extension of British responsibilities, and. Sir Arthur Gordon had sent his nephew to reside on the, island, and cultivate friendly, relations with the chiefs. Hither Mr. Romilly's followed him, and the two young Englishmen seem to have soon won the regard of the chiefs, with whom they lived on terms of perfect intimacy. Mr. Gordon had brought an interpreter with him, an Australian half-caste named Tom Simpson, who accompanied his master on all excursions, several of which are very graphically described. An old chief, Alipati, but whom the visitors called Albert, was the friend, they esteemed most, and on Christmas Ex of the two Englishmen, accompanied by their interpreter Tom, went over to the friendly old chief town to pass Christmas. Albert was a hospitable fellow, and pigs' and fowls were slaughtered without stint. But this Christmas cheer was marred by a mysterious tragedy. A fine young fellow' named Kimucli, a general favourite in Motusa, had been hacked about the head w while asleep with a cutlass or big knife, and when that Christmas Day dawned lay dying. Circumstantial evidence fixed the guilt on Tom, and it became necessary to arrest him and take him for trial to Fiji. The trip to Fiji, in the Thistle, a twenty-ton cutter, which should have occupied ( three creeks-but which took three months is one of the best things in the book, but we must pass it and hasten on to the ghost. ,' Toni was duly tried and sentenced to death which sentence, however, was commuted to twenty-one years' i imprisonment-and Mr. Romilly returned alone to R,otiiiiiiihsi\ months after his departure in the Thistle, Clio royal consent had been given to the annexation of the island, and. Mr. Romilly's chief business was to prepare for the ceremony, which it was intended should be conducted with all possible compared impressiveness bySif Arthur Gordon The tallest tree in the island was cut for a flag staff and planted on a little hill to await the proud moment when the British ensign should By rustling aloft amidst the acclamations of her Majesty's now subjects. . But iRotuimilm expectancy was'doomed'to disappointment. Measles having broken out in Fiji, it was deemed pi cident to postpone Sir Arthur's x part. Immediately after the annexation of Fiji this disease had ravaged the group, and if this new annexation were followed by a similar visits tion the superstitious native mind would regard the collection as a punishment for surrendering their country to the white khan. So Mr. Romilly had to remain on for some months in the new house he had built, lightening the dull evenings with friendly pipes with old Albert. One other white man, a Mr. Allardyce, shared the uneventful life with him, and the year slipped away and another Christmas approached. The Deputy Commissioner had built himself a comfortable house on a small clearing in the jungle, and as he supplied tobacco to any friends who cared to visit him he was seldom alone. The rest of the story he must tell himself : " Two days before Christmas Day I was left all alone by my accustomed friends in the house, and silent the evening by myself. Al- lar dyed and I made some remarks about it, but attached no importance to it of any sort. Next day I went to the other end of the island and did not come back till late. I had not seen Albert or any of his people during the day. In the evening I fully expected him up as a matter of course, but again no one made his appearance. I should have gone down myself to his house, as I thought that possibly a dance might be going on, which would account for no one making his appearance, but as it was rain- ing heavily I did not go, I asked my native servants if anything was going on; they said there was no dance, and they did not know why Albert had not come. I saw by their manner that they knew something more, and I saw also that they were afraid to tell me what it was, I determined to see Albert early next day and find out everything from him. All that night we were annoyed by a harmless mad woman named Keene, who walked round and round the house crying ' ' Kimueli,' 'Kiraueli.' We thought nothing of it, as we were quite accustomed to her. Next day I went down early to Albert's house. He was just going out to his work in the bush. I said, Albert, why have you not been to see me for two nights a ' , 1 Me 'frald,' said Albert'; 'dead, man he walks.' I ' ' '' ''' "'Whit dead roan!' ' ' ' ' ,"' "'Kimucli.' ' ' to " Of course I laughed at him. ' It was an everyday occurrence for natives who had been out late at night in the bush to come home saying they had soon'ghoBtB. If I wished to send a message after sunset it was always necessary to engage three or four men to take it. Nothing would have induced any man to go by himself. The only man who was free from these fears was my interpreter, Friday. He was a native, but had lived all his life among - white people, When Friday came down from his own village to my house that morning, he was evidently a good deal troubled in his mind. He said " You remember that man Kimuoli, sir, that Tom killed ?' i n ( , , i "I said, 'Yes; Albert says he is walking about.' v , 'f I expected Friday to laugh, but he looked very serious and said 'Every one in Motusa has seen him, sir; the! women are so frightened that they all sleep together in the big house,' ' ' ' "What does he do?' said I. 'Where has he been to What men have seen him?' 1 'j Friday mentioned a number of houses into which Kimueli had gone. It appeared that his head was tied up with banana leaves and his face covered with blood. No one had heard him speak. This was unusual, as the ghosts I had heard the natives talk about on other occasions invariably made remarks on some common-place subject. The village was very much upset. For two nights this had happened, and several men and women had been terribly frightened. It was evident that all this was not imagination on the part of one man. I thought it possible that some madman was personating Kimucli, though it seemed almost impossible that anyone could do so without being found out. I announced my determination to sit outside Albert's house that night and watch for him. I also told Albert that I should bring a rifle and have a shot, if I saw the ghost. This I said for the benefit of anyone who might be playing its part. , , "Poor Albert had to undergo a good deal of chaff for being afraid to walkSOO yards through the! bush to, my house. He only sold-, , ,;| ? ?..!,,. . - ... ii of 05 ByHLrf& oystering today' The laugh -at-you.' | " The rest of the day was spoilt in the usual manner. Allardyce and I were, to have dinner in Albert's house ; after that we were going to sit outside and watch for Kimueli. All the natives had come in very early that day from the bush. They were evidently unwilling to j run theorist of being out after dark. Evening' was now closing in, and they were all sitting in clusters outside their houses. It was, however, a bright moonlight night, and I could plainly recognise people at a considerable: distance. Albert was getting very > nervous, and only answered my questions in monosyllables. 1 " lore about two hours we sat there smoking, and I was beginning to lose faith in Albert's ghost, when all of a sudden he clutched my elbow and pointed with his finger. I looked in the direction pointed out by him, and he whispered'Kimucli.' , ] "I certainly saw about a hundred yards off what' appeared to be the ordinary figure of a' native advancing. He had something tied round his head, as yet I could not see what. He was advancing straight towards us We sat still and waited. The natives sitting in front of their doors got closer together and pointed at the advancing figure. ' All this time I was watching it most intently. A i recollection of having seen that figure was forcing itself upon my mind more strongly every moment, and suddenly the exact scene, when I had gone with Gordon to visit the murdered man, came back on my mind with great vividness. There was the same man in front of me, his face covered with blood, and a dirty Cloth over his head, kept in its place by banana leaves which were secured' with fibre and cotton thread. There was the same man, and there was the bandage round his head leaf for leaf, and tie for the, identical with the picture already present in my mind]. > , , , '"By Jove, it is Kimueli,' I said to Allardyce In a w whisper, By this time he had passed us, walking str.iiglitinthcdiroctionof the clump of bush in which my house was situated. We jumped up mar gave chase, but he got to the edge of the bush before we reached him. Though Only a few yards ahead of us, and a bright moonlight night, wethers lost "all trace of him. He had disappeared, and all that was left was a feeling of consternation and annoyance on my mind!. We had to accept what we had seen ; no explanation was possible. It was impossible to account for his appearance or disappearance. I went back to Albert's house in a most perplexed frame of mind. The fact of its being Christmas Day, the anniversary of Tom's attack on Kimueli, made it still more remarkable. ) o ;! " .! "' ¡' ' , "I had myself only seen Khnucli two or three times in life, but still I remembered him perfectly, and the man or ghost, whichever it was, who had just passed exactly recalled his features. I had remembered, too, in a general way how Kiinucli's head had been bandaged with lag and banana leaves, but on the appearance of this figure it came back to me exactly, even to the position of the knots. I could not then, and do not now, believe it was in the power of any native to play the part so exactly. A native could and often does work himself up into a state of temporary madness under the influence of which he might believe himself to be anyone who chose, but the calm quiet manner in which this figure had passed was, I believe, entirely impossible for a native, acting such a part and better c such an audience, to assume. Rim cover, Albert and everyone else scouted the idea. They all knew Kimueli intimately, had seen him every day, and could not be mistaken. Allardyce had never seen him before, but can bear witness to what he saw that night. I went back to my house and tried to dismiss the matter from my mind, but with indifferent success. I could not got over his disappearance. We were so close behind him that if it had been a man forcing his way through the thick undergrowth we must have heard and seen him. There was no path where he had disappeared. "I determined to watch again next night. Till 2 in the morning I sat up with Albert smoking. No Kimueli made his appearance. Albert said he would not be seen again, and during my stay on the island he certainly never was. A month after this event I went on board a schooner bound for Sydney j my health had suffered severely, and it was imperative for me to go to a cooler climate. I can offer no explanation for this story. Till my arrival in England I never mentioned it' to anyone at the request of my Monds, however, I now consent to publish it. I am not a believer in ghosts. I believe a natural explanation of the story to exist, but the reader, who has patiently followed me thus far, must find it for himself, as I am unable to supply one." We must confess our inability to offer any explanation of this strange appearance. On casting about for a solution of the mystery our suspicions very naturally, first fell upon old Albert ; yet upon further consideration we agree with Mr. Romilly, thatmo native would be capable of so complicated a practical joke as the arrangement of this ghostly personation. Cold incredulity is the ordinary refuge in such, cases; yet in this case, from the position and character of the narrator and " his" evident sincerity," there "'is no room for doubting his perfect good faith. That "the appearance described was duly reflected Upon the Deputy Commissioner's retina wo accepts an unqualified' fact, but whether the apparition was a visitor from the other world,' or -morely a waggish native bent upon creating a sonsation^wohavono awaits of, fanning even a conjecture, One feels how the point of this story is marred by Mr! Romilly not having fired off the rifle he had brought in readiness' for the occasion., Had he only succeeded in drilling a hole through the ghost, and had the latter continued his leisurely march unconcerned, with the stars shining through the perforation, this would have been without question the best ghost story that has'como'to our knowledge. Even as it is we know few that surpass it. EitOM Darling Downs, under date 30th November, we learn 172 'head of mixed store cattle in charge of Mr. Edward Marshall from Bengalla, Lalor's station, arrived in Toowoomba, and were sold on, the 27th November by Messrs. T. G, Robinson and Co., and brought-bullocks, £3 ; cows, 30s, to 40s. per head. 170 head of mixed horses arrived from the Balonne River, and averaged 6d per head; also 80 head of light unbroken horses from the McIntyre iIMvor were sold at £2 10s. per head. The same firm disposed of to heavy draft horses at £25 to £32 10s. per head. Also 70 head of quiet dairy herd at £2 2s. 6d. per head. Also on account of D'Arcy McDougall, East,, COO head of store bullocks were sold at £3 10s. per head purchasers Messrs. Gore and Co., of Yandilla ; 1500 story of owen, mixed quality and ages, at 'Is. each The weather still continues warm and close during the day, and looks as if we were going to have a heavy downpour, but keeps off. Yesterday we had some fine showers. Grass in abundance. MANY years ago one of Ihol'arlslnn theatres came under the mnntiKomunt-or at least the people torship of a rich native of the Ottoman Empire, who nevertheless kept a keen eye on the accounts. Among the items of expenditure was one of three francs a week for meat for eight or ten cats kept to protect the canvas scones, do" from the ravages of the rats. This train was promptly disavow oil by the Turkish proprietor, who wrote upon the margin, of the bill the following dilemma: "It the oats out the rats, wherefore the most? It they don't, wherefore the cats?',' , 