THE MYSTERIES OF CRIME; OK, The Experiences of an Edinburgh Detective, BY JAMES McGOVAY. [Published bv special arrangement with the Author. All rights reserved.] Third Series.—No. XXIX, KILLED ON THE RAILWAY DAMAGES £500. Down in the Plcasancc there used to be a rather pretentious shop, bearing above the door the words "M. Perd, Provision Mer chant." There was in this shop a curious mixture of goods, cans of milk and baskets pf cabbages being ranged beside ironmongery, goods and joiner work, and these, again, being flanked by barns, tea boxes, sugar drawers, and the ordinary stock of a grocer proper. The secret of all was that Mr. George Ford, the nominal tenant, and his wife, belonged to that curious class who live by owing everybody and paying as few as possible. " M. Ford" might mean either of them, as many a traveller eager for orders discovered to his cost. Wnen travellers called they generally got an order from Ford himself, hut when time for payment arrived they were generally told by Mrs. Ford that anything in the place belonged to her, to prevent any inconvenience in case of Ford becoming bankrupt, and that she would be responsible only for what she herself ordered. Many thus nipped were forced to grin and bear it, but at last one man became furious, and declared that if he could not get the money or the goods back he would have it out of Ford's skin by clapping him in gaol. It was seldom such threats came to anything, but the summons was duly served, and decree obtained in absence, and as it chanced that some other creditors at that time were equally troublesome, Ford was reluctantly compelled to decide that he needed " a change of air." He had some friends in Glasgow, and in that direction he vanished by the first train one morning in August. Not two hours later a sheriff officer appeared, bearing with him power to arrest the body of the lazy joiner at the shop,-and with an ingratiating smile on his bloated face affectionately enquired for Mr. Ford, fully expecting that that easy going gentleman would be still in bed. " He's no in," said tlic wife, guessing the errand perfectly. "I'll wait or lie comes back, then,"said the man, after making sure that the woman had spoken the truth. "You'll wait awhile, then," coolly retorted Sirs. Ford. "He's away to the country for his health." "Andwhen will he be back?" asked the messenger, in evident dismay. " As soon as Maister Paton recalls the law process lie's ta'en oot against him," sharply answered the wife. "If he wants the money paid, he's taking a had way to get it, by chasing him away into the country, where he eanna get working at his trade as a joiner, as he could do here, instead of paying dear lodgings and 110 doing a hand's turn." "Mywuman, ye needna'tell me a'that,' coolly replied the officer. " I'm 110 his credi tor, and am only daeing my wark. I'll jist liac to wait till he comes back, or get a war rant to gang after him if Maister Paton will stand the expense, which is only aboot four pence a mile." "Ay, ye'll be clever if you get baud o' him," tartly remarked the wife. "I've catched cleverly," significantly an swered the officer, and so tlicy parted. Whilst they were thus arranging and re torting, and almost defying each other, a cir cumstance which could have been anticipated by none of them was happening on the rail way, a thing which throws tlic most elabo rate plans aside in the twinkling of an eye— I mean a railway accident. The train carry ing George Ford's valued frame left the line through the snapping of a rail at a sharp curve. Carriages went crashing into carriages, and, after trying to stand 011 end, toppled over in one pellmell heap, and went tumbling to tlic bottom of the slope, and in that awful heap many were crushed out of the world in a moment. As soon as help was got, and the wreck cleared away, the injured assisted to the nearest shelter, and the dead laid out for identification, it was found that nearly all | thus laid out were claimed promptly by sur i yiyorg or friends, who began to arrive from all parts. Among the exceptions was one poor mangled frame, which, so far as could be conjectured, had belonged to a working man of about thirty, with sandy-colored hair. The body was clad 111 a good suit of dark tweeds, and in the pockets were found a tobacco box and 1 pipe, a pocket-laiife, some money, a joiner's [ pencil, and a foot-rule. A full account of this accident was given in the next morning's papers, and in these it was stated that all the dead had been claimed or identified but the body here mentioned. Mrs. Ford was too busy a woman, as every one knew, to trouble much with newspapers; so when some one incidently enquired for Mr. Ford, while getting her milk and provisions, his wife merely remarked that "it was owre sune to hear frac him, hut she was expecting a letter frae him the morn." "I didna ken lie was awa," said the neighbor, which was not the truth, as the news of Ford's escape had spread over the whole street. " Oh, yes; he went awa' by the first train for Glasgow yesterday morning." "Yesterday morning? Glasgow?" gasped the neighbor, in dawning alarm. "Surely no one in that train on the Glasgow line that was smashed up and sac mony killed ?" "Smashedup? Ye dinna mean to say there's been an accident," screamed Mrs. Ford, dropping the milk jug smash on the floor, and beginning to work up a hysterical flood of tears. "An accident! I should think there has been, and everybody's speaking aboot it," re joined the neighbor, "and somebody tell't me there was a man no claimed, a joiner, aboot thirty, wi' sandy hair." "Myman! My Geordie! killed—deid!" screamed Mrs. b ord, and then she dropped in a heap among the cabbages behind her, screaming so lustily, and tearing her hair and clothes so furiously, that even the kindly neighbors who rushed in to help her declared that she was either in a very severe hysterical fit or temporarily insane with grief. In this state Mrs. Ford continued for some time, but when she was sufficiently recovered to be able to listen to a suggestion it was proposed by one of the sympathising neighbors that before rushing to a conclusion she. should rather telegraph to the place her husband had intended to visit, and ascertain if lie had not arrived. This was eagerly agreed to, but in a few hours came the intelligence that " George Ford had not arrived or been seen at tlie place." " I kent it," tearfully exclaimed the grief - stricken woman, " something tell't me he was deid the meenit I heard 0' the accident." She could not muster courage to go to the scene of the accident and look on the pulpy remains, but sent a friend, and. this man, having his mind predisposed to a particular verdict, declared with little hesitation that the body was that of Ford. The next day he went back to the spot, conducting the now disconsolate widow, and the moment she saw the bundle she again made a noisy demonstra tion of sorrow, wildly imploring the by standers " to kill her too, that the grave might receive them both." The tobacco-box and pipe and foot-rule were identified at a glance, Mrs. Ford pointing out several marks and scratches, and detailing minutely how and when they were done, and ended by re questing the railway authorities to convey the body to Edinburgh that it might be buried beside his friends. This was done, and no charge made for the conveying, and in a few days there was a showy funeral from Mrs. Ford's shop, and thereafter the widow was seen going about in mournings so deep that little but crape was to be seen on her from head to foot. This would have been a trifle, and only natural, but the very day after the funeral, and with indecent haste, as many thought, the bereaved woman consulted a lawyer, and instructcdhimtoraiseanactionagainsttherail way company for£500 damages or solatium for the loss of her husband. Several such actions were expected, but Mrs. Ford had been the first to lodge a claim, and the agent for the company, though anxious for a settlement, thought tlic sum asked exorbitant—in other words, lie plainly gave his opinion that Ford had never shown himself worth five hundred pounds, and that, far from raising an action for damages, the widow ought to have been thankful for being relieved of a lazy loafer and drinker. Had Mrs. Ford been willing to take half of the sum it is not unlikely that the matter would have been settled privately, rather than bring the expenses of an action on the company, more especially when those of both sides would probably fall to be paid by them. But if Mrs. Ford could show indecent haste there were others who were just as reckless of public opinion, and it is on this fact that the chief interest of this sketch hangs. A day or two after the claim had been lodged Mrs. Ford was sitting in her humble home at the back of the shop, after business had been finished for the day, consoling her self for her deep mournings and -widow's cap with a tumbler of toddy, when she was startled by a gentle knock at the door—that is, the door of the house, which was entered by a common stair next to the shop. Very swiftly she put the tumbler out of sight, and clapped a peppermint lozenge into her mouth, looking as scared as if she expected a ghost to be standing in the entry when she opened the door. The hour was half-past 10 at night, and none of lier friends were in the habit of makiDg calls at such a late hour, so it was with some concern that she went to the door and faintly demanded " Who was there." "It's me, Maggie," was the confidential reply, accUten, as if pot quite sure that he had made his identity sufficiently clear, the stranger added, " It's me—Jamie Paterson." " Oh, is that all ?" and quite a relieved ex pression came to her face as she slowly opened the door, and then rather coolly kept it only half-open, saying, " Well, Jamie, what do you want Y" The man Paterson, it may be explained, was a letter-carrier iu the district, who had at one time been a sweetheart of the new made widow. He was now smiling most graciously, ami,retaining her hand in his own with a significance which only the most densely-stupid could have misunderstood. "I would have come earlier," he rather blankly answered, as the widow repeated her question, "but I had a heavy delivery, and, besides, I thought that you wouldn't care for any one to see me coming about you so soon." " How coming about me?" stolidly asked the widow with tantalising dulness. "Is it a letter you've brought me ?" "Ho, no; I wanted to—to—speak to you— that's all," he confusedly returned. "I won't keep you a minute, but don't want to say it here for fear of listeners." Something in his glance—more as if lie com manded the favor than asked it—induced her to relax a little. She opened the door rather ungraciously, admitted him, closed and locked the door, and directed him to a seat by the lire —the same which had been occupied by her husband on those rare evenings which he spent at his own fireside. "You'rcawful stiff and distant, Maggie, 're marked the letter-carrier as soon as he was seated. " I thought you would have been glad to see me." " My name is not Maggie to you, but Mrs. Ford," angrily returned the widow. "What do you want?" "I want'—to fake a life-lease of this chair," answered Paterson, flushing in spite of himself and cowering a little under her steady gaze. "Do you? Then take my answer once for all. I like you nae better now than I did five years ago when you asked me afore Geordie; and what's mair, I dinna mean to marry again." "Why?" The question was pumped out clear and quick, and with such a keen glance into her face that she winced and colored instead of being ready with an answer. "Why? Why? Because I dinna want another man," she answered at last, angry with herself for betraying confusion. "I didna get 011 sae well wi' the anc I had." "Ho, and that's why I've asked you to take me," said Paterson with great eagerness. " I've saved a bit of money, and I'm going off to America soon, and it' you only say the word you can go with me as my wife." There was nothing in this speech out of which any one else could have taken a double meaning or subtle hint; but, whether it was the meaning glance, which accompanied the speech, or the uncommonly daring attitude of the man that affected her, Mrs. Ford cer tainly began to cower and pale. There was a long pause, during which she stared into the fire afraid to meet his glance, and then, without raising her eyes, she said, with ill-affected firmness— '' I'll n ever marry again." " My mind's made up—I won't," cried the widow, now starting up and looking almost furious with passion. " Oh, yes, you will—if I say you must," confidentially returned Paterson, evidently much excited, and not a little elated. "Must?must? Can any man force me?" she breathlessly exclaimed. "Yes, I can ; and I mean to do it, since you won't be moved by anything else I can say," said Paterson. " How hear me. On the morning of the smash-up on the railway do you remember me handing you a letter?" Apparently Mrs. Ford did remember, for the seared look did come back to her face, ac companied by a pallor and trembling painful to behold. "A letter?" she faintly echoed. "I—I really don't remember." "But I do. I have good reason to re member," finally pursued Pater-son. '' Ford's handwriting was as familar to me as my own, seeing that for nearly three years we lodged together. The letter was addressed to you in his writing, and came from that place where the accident happened. "Don't be too hurried in your answer," quietly and significantly answered the letter carrier. "Well, what of that?" - The tone of the widow was bold, but her aspect was more and more abject aird cowering. "Why, just this—a dead man could not write you a letter." "Ho, but suppose he had written it before he started, and got it posted for him ?" feebly and incoherently returned the widow. "That's absurd, for he went by the first train in the morning, and the postmark could not have been imitated," quickly answered the strange wooer. "The fact is, Maggie, you need not fence the thing any longer. George Ford is no more dead than I am." "Then if you believe that, why should you ask me to marry you?" cried the woman in bitter reproach. "Because I want you, and think I win make you a better husband than he has done," selfishly answered Paterson. "And, more than that, I can force you, for I know all about the plot to defraud the railway com pany." "How?" " The letter was badly closed—in fact the flap of the envelope had never adhered, and in lifting it back to stick it down with a touch of my tongue, in case folks should think I had opened it, I read the words, " If you do the thing well we can make both companies pay sweetly while I keep out of the way.'" "Well, is that all?" freezingly interposed Mrs. Ford. "Hot quite. I was in a quiet entry at the time, ana could not hold back longer. I took out the letter and read it all—liow_ he had helped to lay out the bodies, and noticed that the dead man was a little like him, and how you were to claim it if no one else appeared while he kept out of the way, and then were to sell off and move to Liverpool to join him when all danger was past. "That's a frank confession—you have opened my letter, for which I could transport you!" vcngefully returned the enraged woman. " I did not say that, but I know where Ford is at this moment, for you've got other letters from him since then." " I have not got a penny from anybody, nor even said he was dead," said Mrs. Ford with womanly logic. "If I've made a mis take as to the man I buried I'll be only too happy to find that I'm wrong." "That's cunning, but it won't do with me. You've claimed the money and are going to fight the railway company in the Session Court for £500. It's a clear case of con spiracy, and I hold the strings of the whole plot. Is it to be peace or war ? Will you go with me, or go to penal servitude along with George?" "I won't go with you, you may guess," cried the baited woman with fury. " I didn't like you before, but now I hate you. You're a villian to the backbone." " I don't think the pot should call the kettle black," significantly retorted Paterson. " If the case is made public I'll get more praise for exposing your roguery than blame for reading your letter." " Well, I,won't consent, and I hate you, and you may do your worst. If I go to gaol I'm determined that you won't be an hour out of it after I'm there. If you could open my letters you may have opened others—aye, and taken from them what wasn't meant for your pocket. So look out—let me alone and you'll be let alone. If it's to be war it'll be war on both sides." "I'll give you a day to think over what I've offered," said Paterson, evidently much disappointed at her spirit, and galled by her contemptnous aspect. " I don't want a day. You do your worst. I'm ready for you," and thus speaking she led the way to the door, motioned liim out, ' and then very unceremoniously slammed the door in his face without a word of farewell. Both, I suspect, spent a very restless night, busy scheming how to outwit the other with least danger to themselves. With the first streak of aawn Mrs. Ford was up arranging for a swift flight from Edinburgh and the country. The stock and business she had already agreed about with an acquaintance, and about the sale of the furniture she was negotiating with a broker who would remove them at a moment's notice. As soon as the press of the morning's work was over Mi*3. Forcl dressed herself in her engaged mourn ings, and by several byways went to the office of the company's agent, who was a perfect gentleman, and had treated hev with much kindness and sympathy during a visit paid to her in regard to the settlement of her claim out of court. " I have come to say that I will accept the offer of the company for £100 if it can be paid me at once," she began, when introduced to the inner office. "My lawyer does not wish the thing to be settled this way, because he will make more by going to court, so I have come here entirely of my own accord. I am pressed for money, and will sign a full quit tance of every claim if you can let me have the Bi9»ey." "This is justsudden enough, and I am afraid I would require to consult before agreeing," cautiously returned the agent. '' Oh, then, you need not trouble more about it, but just let the case take its course," said the visitor, with dignity and coldness. " If I had not wanted the money I should never have thought of accepting so little." " Stay, I think I could settle the matter to morrow." "Toolate. We'll say no more about it; and Mrs. Ford rose to leave the office. " Or to-night even. Perhaps you could call in the afternoon." "I might; yes, I will," said the cunning woman, overjoyed at her success and fearful of showing her elation. This ended the delicate negotiation; and in the afternoon when she returned, a bank cheque filled up for £100 was placed in her hand in return for the simple signing of her name on a document which she did not trouble to read. From the agen'ts office she went straight to a bank and cashed the cheque in gold. As she was making her way home carrying this money she met Paterson on his afternoon round with letters. "What'sto be your answer, Maggie?"he asked, with affected indifference. "No!" The tone and look were enough to have blasted the hopes of the most dogged, and for the first time the curious wooer showed the pent-up anger swelling his breast. " You'll repent it as long as you live," he said, furiously, and then he left her, with a scornful laugh ringing out behind him. It is the trifles which irritate, and the silly laugh incensed Paterson more than the re fusal. The moment his delivery was finished he went home and penned a full account of what I have here detailed, only omitting that which tended to implicate himself and what was not actually known to him. This letter he did not think proper to sign, but merely adhibited the vague words, " One who knows." However, he did the next best thing that could have been done, for he addressed the precious epistle to me, and had it de livered direct at the Police Chambers that afternoon. I read it through, then referred to the papers for the name George Ford, and found the statement to be so far correct that such a person was mentioned as having been killed and identified, but beyond that I could not go. I have a contempt for anonymous letters, and was strongly inclined to treat the whole as a romance concocted by the writer for a bit of fun, and with the- intention of hoaxing us or annoying the poor widow. At the same time I thought proper to go at once to the agent of the railway company and lay the matter before him, when, to my surprise, he sprang to his feet with an imprecation against himself, and added, in evident chagrin— " I might have known there was a plot in it when she was so eager to grasp the money and have done with it. Why did I not put her off for a day or two ? I had an instinc tive idea that there was something wrong. And now she will be—possibly out of the country—and laughing at us with her hus band at her side." " Peihaps not; she cannot be far from here yet," I ventured to remark, after listening to an account of the interview and the paying of the modified claim. "It is possible she thinks herself safe, and is not moving. Indeed, it is possible that she i3 altogether innocent, and not dreaming of leaving the country. We may watch her movements for a little, however; there can be no harm in that." Having thus settled matters we walked out to the shop, and were somewhat staggered to find that the shutters were on, and the last of the furniture was being carried out and fastened on a broker's van, "Mrs. Ford was awa'to tlie railway in a cab near half an hour ago," the men said, and after a swift run up Drummoiid-street we caught a| cab and tore off in that direc tion, promising the driver a trifle extra if he saved the Glasgow train. At the station Ave were not a minute too soon, but I still took time to pass along the entire train, looking keenly into each carriage, Avhile the agent held back by my direction. One third-class carriage alone contained a widow in deep mournings, and this Avoman I spoedily had identified as Mrs. Ford Avithout her once being conscious of the agent's pre sence. He then precipitately ordered me to arrest her on the spot, but I succeeded in reasoning him out of the plan, and, taking my place in the-train opposite the AvidoAv, Avas soon rattling AvestAvard. I tried to get her into conversation, but she was hard to draw, and I had in the end to give up the attempt. When "showing tickets," too, I had discovered that I had made a mistake in my ticket, for hers was for Greenock, AAhilc mine Avas only for GlasgOAA7. In changing stations at GlasgOAV I lost sight of her, but she speedily reappeared Avhen the Greenock train A\ras about to start. I got into the same carriage, but this time kept out of her sight for fear of exciting her suspicions. As soon as the SAA'ift run doAvn to Greenock Avas over, I slowly left the carriage and sauntered along behind the heavily-craped figure, Avho passed along the great station and doAvn towards the pier, at Avhich the late boat for Belfast AA7as on the point of starting. In the station she had looked in and out of AA7aiting- rooms, and lingered and loitered a good deal; and so on reaching Princes Pier had little time to waste. The men Avere shouting and preparing to haul in the gangway of the steamer Avhen I pressed forward, and then to her evident relief a man, much muffled up, appeared from among the crowd, and got to her side Avith an angry oath, and the Avords— "Where in the Avorlcl have you been? I thought you had missed the train, and AAras near starting Avithout you. You got the money all right from the raihvay people ?" " Yes,"gleefullyreturned the AvidoAv, "so Ave can laugh at Paterson noAV." Just then I gripped him hard by the AA'rist and SAA img him round, Avhile the policeman I had brought doAA-n from the station above did the same to the AvidoAv. "What, Ford," I laughingly exclaimed at a venture, as he began to struggle and curse. "I thought you Avere dead and buried. I'm afraid you'll have to go back Avith me to Edinburgh, and see AA'hat the cells can do in the Avay of detaining your spirit." The Avoman made the most fuss, and fought and scratched so much that I Avas compelled to handcuff her; Avhile her husband heaped the most aAvful oaths on her head for her stupidity and carelessness for getting them both trapped. "You must blame Jamie Paterson, not me," AA-as her tearful reply. '1 He has done it all—I know he has." This remark so excited my curiosity that I could not refrain from producing the letter of " One avIio knoAvs," and asking her if that Avas Paterson's liandAvriting. The result Avas not only a swift identification on her part, but a deal of interesting information regard ing Paterson and the letter opening, Avhich resulted in me taking him in his lodgings the moment I got back from Edinburgh. Ford and his AA-ife AA'ere tried shortly after for conspiracy, and he Avas sentenced to tAvo imprisonment; his AA'ifc being discharged on the ground of having acted under his influence. Paterson A\ras accepted as evidence evidence against them, and also escaped Avith the loss of his situation. Ford's first act on completing his sentence and being set free Avas to commit a murderous assault upon his Avife, Avhich sent him back to prison, and made his Avife audibly regret that she had not accepted Paterson. She forgot that the letter carrier might have assaultecl her just as affec tionately. Women are never content. 