THE CONTRIBUTOR. [ NOTES NOW-AND THEN. BTJ.M. SATURDAY NIGHT AT THE SAVINGS BANK. I have all through my life tried to shun figures, and yet they have from boyhood up haunted me as the furies of old haunted Orestes-inexorable, merciless, insatiable. Ia vain have I, like Silaa Wegg, "dropped into poetry," and dabbled in desultory literature, and spent my nights in studies and musings, and regions from which the accursed ciphers were rigorously banished. 'Each morrow morn, figures claimed their thrall again, and, in Charles Lamb's quaint words " Bound the free And holiday-rejoicing spirit down To that dry drudgery by the desk's dead wood." I Btraggled indignant for long against my doom, but of course was wonted in the con flict, and at the end of many days " I ceased to hope to alter the fates of the gods by pray ing." Nature, however, has revenged herself on Fate, as she often does, by keeping me always a numerical novice. Seme, I know, revel in numbers, and roll them like aweet morsels under their tongues. Rows of figures are to them even as green pastures and cool waters in a dry land. Bithe and happy eouls, enjoy your " fearful joy"! As for me, a row t>f figures to this day, if its total exceeds a hundred, paralyses and be numbs me. A wave of alternate heat and cold sweeps down my spinal cord, and the clammy dew of despair nreaks out on my brow; and when the said totals will not come right, as is their wont, I grasp my temples, and lift myself up by the few hairs that are left, and break forth into maledic tion and anathema. It was, of course, in accordance with the general "unfitness of things" that my. official superior eaid to me a long time ago,. "I say, M., you'll have to do the 'Saturday flight at the Saving* Bank'" Bad dreams had afflicted my pillow for nights before, and I knew some dreadful calamity was brooding over me with sooty wiogs. So, with a sickly smile, I said " Nothing would give me more pleasurefor are not words given as to con ceal our thoughts ? Week after week I put off the evil day, and "did" other subjects, and placated the official superior with cunningly invented excuses and subterfuges. But, in the evil fulness of time, the Saturday night came when the inevitable dragged me from my humble retreat in the suburbs, and set me down at the door of the Melbourne Savings Bank in Market-street Presenting my credentials at the side door, I was admitted a few minutes before the front doors were opened, and received much kindness and civility from the bank officials. Years ago the little bank ing I then did was transacted in the same building. My account never exceeded £5, for whenever that amount was reached the necessities of life, which to me have ever been as ravenous as hungry wolves, clutched at it, and reduced my credit balance to the wonted half-crown. And I believe the bank owes me a half-crown to this hour. I have no intention of claiming it, however, and can only hope that after the long lapse of ages, when by compound interest it has waxed into millions,' the trustees will found with the results a Decayed Pressman's Rdief Fund. The prevailing idea in the official mind, I found, was that my business was to write a business and. statistical article. Every man around me was an enthusiast in figures, and ' they bailed me as a kindred spirit* In (be ' fulness of their hearts they at various , intervals all claimed, ana had, an "innings" with me. Thus one would lead me to one huge tome, and, bidding me mark a special entry, would take me to another, and to a third, and a fourth, and see bow it haunted each like a ghost that refused to be laid. Thus each massive volume, I found, was a check or spy upon the others, and I could imagine them,when darkness and solitude filled, the place, and they were left i to speak their minds freely, reviling each | other through the night-watches. Then another enthusiast wonld take me to the cash-book and show me averages of days' j tnuwactions, and of the trades, and sexes. ! and ag£8 11 depositors: and a third would exhibit tbe marvelled! in the busi- - ness, and exult over the story o! [the upward " leaps and bounds" which the books tola to I all inquiring minds. I was grateful for the I kindness shown me, and strove mightily to I be an Inquiring mind, and to grasp intelli* 1 gently the story of the books. Bat my efforts were vain, and tbe words of the honest grave digger in Hamlet" came to me with a mocking power they never possessed before. Cudgel tby brains no more about It; your doll ass will not mend his pace with beating." I The doors were thrown open to the public at 7 o'clock, and the place was soon filled with a throng of depositors. It was the de- j positors 1 bad come to eon, and not the j books; bat I was so humbled and ashamed, I so filled with a sense of mental incapacity. ! that I did not dare to bint so to tbe ecthu- j siasta. I bad been the previous Saturday night at a ladies' go-as-you-please tourna ment, and baa seen a lower class, brutal, vicious, and thriftless. Here 1 saw a class only a little higher in social atatns, bat yet there verse of brutal or vicious, and certainty not thriftless. The one lower class filled me with dismay, sod suggested tbe degraded prole tariate of old Bome, with Its cry for " pattern et whose bread was tbe bread of idleness, and whose games were the butcheries ; of the arena. Tbe other lower class told of a land where labour, out of the fulness Of its rawant, eoold amass "-capital," and spare from the wants of the present a provision!or those of tbe fotam,: The enthusiasts wefe now kept fuUr engaged, so I wasleft to inr 4^; *nd was *Uowed ** wiU torn desk todeek behind tbe counter, and to soaQv*«eah now outside of it. The bank! opens <» f«Prt«r from f to 9 o'clock, and only for thereoeipt of inoper, Ifo mooef can be drawa put .br a depositor on Jttttfcir uight. an« * think ths Arrangement is » .ntftye one. ^Business, I foondTwaa nty brisk, and tbe two tellers, aad tbe dark >wtao opened toe JMW pooowtit, apd the other clerks checked the pass-books -witbitlfr big volumes! have ftJIoded tQ »boy«bliad]aL bay tiffs ofitln Wnttnaiee ?0 people,, and in three* aiurters^of anhoax W, were attended JsUant and tbs night t transactswXfoaed, «n looking over tbebopk#, that ffiffilMtdl^foosUiwfc that M DewacoMnlehi^W»^taod<^8lir. Tb^ woupte framthslfr* crown to *kT»<Wp©unds» and tSe «gss «f JttyotM -/of to thlnktbat , reporter at least *vunu»fioe6t U» who w^ttooer, aadwhoww** oslly engaged, like out friend Dick Bwlvdw in closing up the Mmti lading faom £ lodging* ,to his office in therity. honour blm, my impecunious b»tW, wiS due reverence, and .* Vwta circle rand Ma tferiw. And do*e oai e;n with holy dsreal* The demeanour of the bank's customer! differed aa much ai their uss, and toulw, and tbe value of tbeir deposits. Onenum : bnge, bulking fellow, cimein with »bt^. brimmed felt hat slouched oyer hi» eyes. «qh withdrew Into a cornet with -fCiMieHB w wivnarew into a comer with the ait of leading conapirator In a melodrama. ^ eentljr ne approached the counter, and with, onta word banded to the teller a book covtt#4 with dirty, crtifepled nofes, and a hea$0( .ilver. The teller chanted tba - "U M " *" ?»w. The teBer <»nnted'tk. * h«Pot esid, Forty-fire pounds fiftLlWWer' The conspirator nodded sulkih? ""i »ii" appeared in the crowd A v an,d dig. pass-book, having conR it the checking.books, reappear^R1"0!611 end of the room, and a <>ib>l ~® other " Timothy Moriarty." a tkh^ out was stretched forth over twommf0'?.1 and tbe book and its own«?^t-of ^s, through the folding doora^nto ^^d without a syllable being uttered i6 ^t, contrast with this " stilt ataT?* - l^g the old lady who handedSSS^tffltt *« fifty one-pound notes pfflf coupleB. Time being valuable to banded them back Sgain wffh a he she would take the pins out ThedSl}#!?th&t; a toesed heap of notes pervadedth.^Ini nearly half an honrliuJrtSfShS^*01 heard fnmbling among thetn .nS ibt blunders in the counting, and'coitu^108 "one" again. Then, whanEftS*.1® gotten her for a minute, she wnnij °r. from her retirement, with a very wla femetw the wrong end of appear at intervals, still atthewM^ ? as if she were on a blunde^^Sft5®! tour round the room. In fact th«f^ bank was in sore travail over iier joiced visibly when she left Some sneaked into the room as if ZTn ashamed of themselves, and anawSSda.T names with bated breaih. oSSSi& tattously counted their money, and loud voice proclaimed the amount ther paying in, and when their names werem£ noanced.tbey called out "Here" lustihB seemed altogether to rejoice and be gkK themselves and their savings. Some £53 the matter lightly, and paid their tribute u if saving was a joke and slightly esteemed by them; whde a few eyed the bank officials as if they were robbers engaged in an unholy pact to outwit and swindle them. This class watched their every movement from the moment the book was handed over the counter till the moment they got it back again with lynx-eyed keenness, and could be seen poring over the entries, even under the street lamp outside. Young couples with a baby were a common feature in the evening's proceedings. Sometimes the hnsband was sheepish and retiring, and held the baby while the wife transacted the busi ness ; and sometimes tbe wife was a meek eyed woman, who kept her natural place in the background, and was subject nnto her husband in all things, and even in the paying in of the family savings. One of these couples entered their baby as a depositor, while a miserable- looking old man was handing to the teller, with trem bling hands, his savings for the future. As I looked on him I thought "Whatfuture! and spent where?" He seemed like the old man in Lessing's fable, who, while toiling ia the fields at nightfall, was greeted by the spirit of Solomon, the wise king, with " Why toilest thou so late, old man ?" " Didst thou not send me to the ant to learn wisdom," ms the reply. " Yea, truly," returned tbe spirit, " and like the ant to enjoy in winter what thou baat earned in the other seasons." The bulk of the people who had passed be fore me were men folks, bnt I was informed that women do most of the business during the ordinary week days, the men being en gaged in bread-winniog. 1 have before me copies of reports and notes taken, and tables, and columns of figures, from which, if I had the skill, 1 could a tele unfold both interesting and instructive. Hamlet could give the courtiers, die recorders, bnt not the skill to command the stops; so of the statistics furnished to me I shall speak in GuUdePftWs wwda, " But these cannot 1 command to Any utteranoe of harmony; i have,not tbe skill" , lL ... Suffice it on this head to ssy that in the metropolitan district, which, bestow the head office, includes the branches at CoUme wood, Prahian, Richmond, and EmeraW hill*, the depositors' balances on 1 olrJi 1877, were £601,922, and <mjjjMlg; £842,501. During tbe «d poeitora increased fromlWTfiw the interest paid from ^i^^^iefland the 24.526 depositors. 14,118 metes, «J 10,4O6temalM. Females are in » J1T"*,T every aavings bank. Bave ,nd hilL This district includes fisnjndtt"J the depositors are classed simstajBJ. £ males eST The anomaly is accountwh» i Sinoe my visit another metropoittsn heen opened at Carlton, and it most be remembered that there are twelve other ?Mten tank* in . the colony. All Jhew estahfishnieats are distinct from tbe Post office savings Banks, and are more in favour than the latter class, owing to tbs superior faeMto and simplicity -with irhioh money If paid in and withdrawn from them, aa com P**ed with their rivals, laaladiag tbe conntnr hnmches, tbe. total amount neeired from depoaitoie 4arit>g ihe year ending Jone .Oatba^f tjf *nd ^ b*lu^ dne theiB A» shoving tbe * latisfactocrstate of thin^» ««; teagr be mentioned that Su&i;* ynar, the nombw «{ I by 0,715, Qt P'K>|It T ^M^nces weft higber W I^as? ta^^srhilst^wSiDg ars»«W«benifbted in* JSd| biathemfajrewelllittle »;tti apeMif MMSi r-s-dari 