''? THAT LITTLE SQUARE BOX 'All' aboard?' said' tho captain. 'All aboard, sir I' said tho mate. '' Then stand by to lot her go.' It was nine o'clock on a Wednesday morning. Tho good ship Spartan was lying off Boston Quay with her cargo under hatches, her passengers shipped, and everything prepared for a start. The warning whistle had been sounded twice, the final bell had boon rung. Her bowsprit was turned towards England, and the hiss of escaping steam showed that all was ready for her; run of threo thousand miles. Sho strained at the warps that held her liko a greyhound at its lensh. I have tho misfortune to be a very nervous man. A sedentary literary life has helped to increase tho morbid love of solitudo which, ovon in my boyhood, was ono of my distin guishing characteristics. As I stood upon tho quarter-deck of the Transatlantic steamer I bitterly cursed the necessity which drove me back to tho land of my forefathers. The shouts of tho sailors, tho rattle of tho cordage tho farewells of my fellow-passengers,' and tlio cheers of tho mob, each and all jarred upon my sensitive nature. I felt sad too. An in deseribablo fooling, as of some impending calamity, seemed to haunt me. Tho sea was calm, and the breeze light. There was noth ing to disturb tho equanimity of the most confirmed of landsmen, yot I felt as if I stood upon tho vorgo of a great though indefinable' danger. I havo noticed that such prescnti-. monts occur often in mon of my peculiar tem perament, and that they ore hot uncommonly fulfilled. There is a theory that it arises from o speoies of second - sight, a subtle spiritual communication with tho future. I well remember that Hcrr Baumcr, tho emin ent spiritualist, romarkedon ono occasion that I was tho . most sensitive subject as regards supernatural phenomena that ho had over encountered in tho. whole of his wide oxperi onco. Be that as it may, I certainly felt far from happy as'.I threaded my way among tho weeping, cheering groups which dotted the white decks of tho good ship Spartan. Had I known tho experience which awaited mo in tho course of tho next twelve hours I would even then at the last moment havo sprung upon the shore, and made my escape from the accursed vessel. ' Time's up I' said tho captain, closing his chronometer with a'snap, and replacing it in his pocket. ' Time's up !' said the mate. There was a last wail from tho whistle, a rush of friends and relatives upon tho land. Ono warp' was loosened, the gangway was being pushed away, when there was a shout from tho bridge, and two men appeared, running apidly down tho quay. They were waving their hands and making frantic gestures, ap parently with tho intention of stopping tho ship. ' Look sharp I' shouted .tho crowd. 'Hold hard!' cried tho captain. 'Ease her ! stop her ! Up with tho gangway I' and tho two men Bprang aboard just as tho second warp parted, and a convulsivo throb of the engine shot us clear of the shore. There was a cheer from the deck, another from tho quay a mighty fluttering of ^handkerchiefs, and tho great vessel ploughed its way out of tho har bour, and stoamed grandly away across tho placid bay. Wo were fairly started upon onr fortnight's voyage. There was a general divo among the passengers in guest of firths and luggage, while a popping of corks in tho saloon proved that more than ono bereaved traveller was adopting artificial means for drowning tho pangs of separation. I glanced round tho deck and took a running inventory of my compagnons de voyage. They presented tho usual types met with upon these occasions. There was no striking faco among them. I speak as a connoisseur, for faces aro a specialty of mino. I pounce upon a characteristic feat , uro as a botanist does on a flower, and bear it away with me to analyse at my leisure, and classify and labelit in my littlo anthropological museum. There was nothing worthy of mo here. Twenty types of young America going to ' Yurrup,' a few respectable middle-aged couples as an antidote, a sprinkling of clergy men and professional men, young ladies, bag men, British exejusives, and all thoollapotlrlda of an ocean-going steamer. I turned away from thorn and gazed back at tho receding shores of America, and, as a cloud of remem brances rose before me, my heart warmed to wards tho land of my adoption. A pile of portmanteaus and luggage chanced to be ly ing on one side of 'the deck, awaiting their turn to bo taken belnw. With my usual love for solitude I walked behind these and sitting on a coil of rope between them arid the vessel's sido, I indulged in a melancholy roverio. I was. aroused from this by a whisper be hind me. ' Hero's a quiet place,' said the voice, ' Sit down and we can talk it over in safety.' Glancing through a chink between two colossal chests, I saw that'the passengers who had joined us at the last moment wore stand ing at the other side of tho pile. Thoy had evidently failed to seo mo as I crouched in the shadow of the boxes. Tho one who had spoken was a tall and very thin man with a blue-black beard and a colourless face. His manner was nervous and excited. His com panion was a short plethoric littlo fellow, with a brisk and resolute air. He had a cigar in his mouth, and a largo ulster slung over lus left arm. They both glanced round un easily, as if to ascertain whether thoy were alone. ' This is just the place,' I heard the other say. They sat down on a bale of goods with' their backs turned towards mo, and I found myself, much against my will, playing tho unpleasant part of eaves-dropper to their conversation. ' Well, Muller,' said the tailor of tho two, ' we've got it aboard right enough.' '. Yes,' assented the man- whom .he had addressed as Muller, ' it's safe aboard.' ' It was rather a near go.' ' It was that, Flannigan.'. ' It wouldn't have done to havo missed the ship,' ' No, it would have put our plans put.' 'Ruined them entirely,' said thelittleman, and puffed furiously at his cigar for somo minutes. ? ' I've got it here,' ho said at last. ' Lot mo seo it.' ' Is no ono looking ?' . ' No, they are nearly all below,' ' ' We can't bo too careful where so much is at stake,' said Muller, as ho uncoiled the Ulster which hung over his arm, and disolosed u dark object which he laid upon tho deok. Ono glance at it was enough to causo me to spring to my foot with an cxolamation of horror. Luckily they were so engrossed in tho matter on hand that neither of them ob served me. Had they turned their heads they would infallibly have seen my palo faco glar ing at them over tho pilo of boxes. i'rom tho first moment of their conversation a horrible misgiving had come over me. It seemed moro than confirmed as I gazed at what, lay before mo. It was a littlo square box made of 'some dark wood, and ribbed with brass, I suppose it was about tho size of a cubic foot. It reminded me of a pistol-case, only it was decidedly higher. There was an appendage to it, however, on which my eyes wore riveted, and which suggested tho pistol itself rather than its receptacle. This was a trigger-like arrangement upon tho lid, to which a coil of string was attached. Beside this triggor there was a small square aperture through tho wood. The tall man, Flannigan, as his companion called him, applied his eye to this and peered in for several minutes with an expression of intense anxiety upon his .faco. ' It seems right enough,' ho said at last, ' I tried not to shake it,' said his compan ion: ? ? ' Suoh delicate things need delicate treat ment. Put in somo of the needful, Muller.' The shorter man fumbled in his pocket for some time,' and thon produced a small paper packet. He opened this, and took out of it half a handful of whitish granules, which ho poured down through the hole. A ourious clicking noiso followed from tho inside of the box, and both the men smiled in a satisfied way. ' Nothing muoh wrong there,' saidFlanni gan; 'Right as a trivet,' answered his compan ion. ' Look out 1 hero's somo one coming. Tako it down to our berth. It wouldn't do to have any ono suspecting what ^our game is, or, worse still, havo them fumbling with it, and lotting it off by mistako.' ' Well, it would como to tho same, whoever let itoff,' said Muller. 'They'd be rather astonished if they pulled tho trigger,' said tho taller, with a sinister laugh. 'Ha, ha! fanoy their faces ! It's not a bad bit of workmanship, I flatter myself.' ' No,' said Muller. ' I hear it is your own design, every bit of it, isn't it ?' 4 'Ycsj tho spring and the sliding shutter are my own*' ' Wo should tako out a patent.' And tho two men laughed again with a cold harsh laugh, as they took up tho littlo brass-bound package, arid concealed it in Muller'H volumi nous overcoat. ' Come d6wn,andwo'llstowit inourberth,' said Mannipan. ' Wo won't need it until to night, and it v«ll bo safe there.' His companion assented, and the two ' went arm-in-arm along tho deok and disappeared down tho hatchway, bearing tho mysterious little box away with them. Tho last words I heard were a muttered injunction from Flanni gan to carry it carefully, and avoid knocking it against the bulwarks. How long I remained sitting on that coil of rope I shall never know. Tho horror of tho conversation I had- just overheard was aggra vated by tho first sinking qualms of seasick ness. Tho long roll of the Atlantic was be ginning to assort itself over both ship ' and passengers. I felt prostrated in mind and in body, and foil into a state of collapse, from which I was finally aroused by tho hearty voice of our worthy quartermaster. 'Do.you mind moving out of that sir, ho said. ' We want to get this lumber cleared off the deok.' His- bluff manner and ruddy healthy faeo scorned to bo a positive insult to me in my present condition. Had I been a courageous or a muscular man I could havo struck him. As it was, I treated tho honest sailor to a melodramatic scowl which seemed to cause him no small astonishment, and strodo past him to tho othor sido of tho deck.. Solitude was what I wanted — solitudo in which I could brood over tho frightful orimo which waa being hatched before my very eyes. Ono of tho quarter boats was hanging rather low down upon tho davits. An idea struok mo, and, climbing on tho bulwarks, I stopped into tho empty boat and lay down in tho bottom of it. Stretched on' my back, with nothing but tho bluo sky above me, and an occasional view of tho mizen as tho vessel rolled, I was- at least alono with my sickness and my thoughts. I tried to recall tho words which had been ; spoken in tho terriblo dialoguo I had over heard. Would thoy admit of any .construc tion but tho ono which stared mo in tho face? My reason forced mo to confess that they would not. I endeavored te array tho various facts which, formed tho chain of circumstan tial evidence, and to find a flaw in it ; but no, not a link was missing. There was the strange way in which our passengers had come aboard, enabling them to ovado any examination of their luggage. Tho very name ? of ' Flannigan' smacked of Fenianism, whilo ' Muller' suggested nothing but Socialism and ' murder. Then their mysterious manner; their remark that their plans would havo been ruined had thoy missed tho ship; their fear of being observed; last but not least, tho clenching evidence in tho ' production of the littlo square Tjox with* tho trigger, and their grim joko about the face of tho man who should lot it off by mistake, — could these facts load to any con clusion other than that they were tho des perate emissaries of somo body, political or otherwise, and intended to sacrifico them selves, their fellow-passengers, and'tho ship, in ono groat holocaust ? The whitish granules which I had seen one of them pour into the box formed no doubt a fuse or train for ex ploding it. I had myself heard a sound come ? from it which might havo emanated from some delicate piece of machinery. But what did they mean by their allusion - to to night ? Could it be that thoy contomplated ? putting their horrible design into execution on the very first evening of our voyage ? The mere thought of it sent a cold shudder over me, and made me for a moment superior even to tho aconies of sea-sickness. - I have remarked that I am a physical coward. I am a moral one also. It is seldom that tho two defects aro united to such a degree in the ono character. I have known many men who were most sensitive to bodily danger, and yet wero distinguished for the indepen dencejand strength of their minds; In my own case, however, I regret to jay that my quiet, and retiring habits had fostered a nervous dread of doing anything remarkable or making myself conspicuous, which exceeded, if possible, my fear of personal peril. An ordinary mortal placed under tho circum stances in which I now found myself would - have gone at once to the captain, confessed his fears, and put the matter into his hands. To mo, however, constituted as I am, tho idea was most repugnant. The thought of be coming the observed of all observers, cross questioned by a stranger, and confronted with two dosporato conspirators in the cha racter of a denouncer, was hateful to me. Might it not by some remote possibility prove that I was mistaken ? What would be my feelings if there should turn out to bo no grounds for my accusation ? No; I would procrastinate ; I wonld keep my eyo on the two uuapuruuouo anu uog tnem ac every curn. Anything was better than the possibility of being wrong. , Then it struck mo that oven at that moment some new phase of the conspiracy might bo developing itself. Tho nervous ex citement seehied to havo driven away my in oipient attack of sickness, for I was able : to stand lip and lower myself from tho boat , without experiencing any return of it. I . staggered along.tho deok with tho intention of descending into the cabin, and finding how my acquaintances of tho morning were ocou pying themselves. Just as I had my hand on the companion-rail, I, was astonished by re ceiving a hearty slap on tho back, which nearly shot mo down the steps with more hasto than dignity. ? . - 'Is that you, Hammond?' said a voice - ? .., which I seemed to recognise. ? ' God bless me,' I said as I turned round, ? 'it can't be Dick Morton Why, how are you, old man?' This was an unexpected piecQ of luck in' the midst of my perploxities. Dick was just tho man I wanted ; kindly and shrewd in his nature, and prompt in his actions, I should ' havo no difficulty in tolling him my sus picions, and could rely upon his sound sense ' to. point out tho best course to pursue. Since I was a little lad in the second form at Harrow, Dick had been my adviser and pro teotor. He saw a glanco that something had gone wrong with mo. , ' Hullo 1' ho said, in his kindly way, ' 'what's put you about, Hammond? You look as white as a sheet. Mai de mer, eh ?' »?,.., ' No, not that altogether,' said I. ? ' Walk . ? up and down with me, Dick ; I want to speak . \ to you. Give mo your arm.' Supporting myself on Dick's stalwart frame, I tottered along by his side ; but it was somo timo before I could muster resolu- . tion to speak. . . ...... 'Have a oigar,' said he, breaking tho ?,'-' silence. ? . . -. . ?????? . ?? . ????? ' No thanks,' said I. ' DiqL, wo shall be ;''.?'? all corpses to-night.' J ?'.''',' 'That's no reason againsj^our having a . ' cigar now,' said Dick, in his dool way, but looking hard at mo from undA- hiB shaggy eyebrows- as ho spoke. He cvjAitly thought „, that my intellect was a little [dHp* . ',' 'No,' I continued, 'itpBp laughing - '? matter; and I speak in sobciupirBrt, I assure you. I havo discovered aiv inCmous con spiracy, Dick, to destroy this ship and every soul that is in her;' and I.thon proceeded '.?-' ' systematically and in order, to lay before him tho ohain of ovidenco which I had oolleoted. ' There, Dick,' I said, as I concluded, ' what do you think of that? and, above all, what am I to do?' To my astonishment ho burst into a hearty, fit of laughter. ' ' ' . 'I'd. be frightened,' ho said, 'if 'any fellow but you had told 'mo as muoh. You always had a way, Hammond, of discovering mare's nests. ' I liko to see tho old traits breaking out again. Do you remember At ' school how you swore there was a ghost in . ' the long room, and how it turned out to bo - your own reflection in the mirror 1 Why, . man, ne continued, ' wnac object wouiu any ono have in destroying this, ship? We havo no great political guns a-board. On the contrary, tho majority of tho passongers are Americans. Besides in this sober nineteenth century, tho most, wholesale murderers stop at including themselves among their victims. Depend upon it, you havo misunderstood thorn, and havo mistakon a photographio camera, or something equally innocent, for on infernal machine.'' ' Nothing of the sort, sir,' said I rather ? touohily, 'You will learn to your cost, I fear, that I have neither exaggerated nor mis interpreted a word. Ab to tho box, I have ? certainly never before seen ono liko it. It ? contained delicate machinery; of that I am convinced, from the way in which tho mon. 1 handled it and spoko of it. ' ' You'd make out every packet of perishable ?goods to bo a torpedo,' said Diok, 'if that is to bo your only test.' ' Tho man's name waa Flannigan,' I con tinued. , . '? (Concluded in 6ur next.) ' ? , 