CHAPTER V. The low rumbling of distant thunder woke Jack from the pleasant sleep in which he had indulged. He rose and rubbed, bis eyes. How -greatly had the scene changed since he had gone to sleep in the afternoon. From the east a small cloud had arisen, fleecy . white. It rose a little above the horizon, and there remained like a snowy fleece of wool rolled up. Then gradually others like unto it rose from mysterious depths, until the whole eastern horizon was covered with them. Still the sun shot its torrid beams on to the earth, still the dazzling mirage, as it is called, rose up like a quivering colorless flame from the earth. But in the west, in the north, and in the south, clouds began to rise like the ghosts of Banquo and his followers. Not white, downy clouds, such as had arisen in the east, but dark, portentous vapors, fringed, it |is true, with silver. With a slow, steady motion they began to ascend, throwing out streamers that soon threw themselues acrosrf the face of the heavens, and, ere long, veiled the face of the sun. Men blessed them, and felt their strength renewed. But darker and blacker grew the clouds as the sun became more and more shaded, until at last a large blue cloud shut him out altogether. The sky then assumed a wild phantasmagorial appear ance. The blue clouds faded into inky black, and here and there white scud, like the phantoms in "Der Frieschutz," sailed past on the intensely black back-ground. A distant muttering was heard, which mo mentarily grew louder. People said a great Btorm was coming, and agreed that it was badly wanted. Preparations were made in Gritty Gully to meet the rush of water that would hurry down, and long toms, sluices, and tools were taken out of the creek, and shafts were carefully blocked, around with earth. Jack's soul responded to. the grandeur , of that terrible sky. The flash of the sheet lightning in the distance, the roll of the thunder, the slow gathering of the clouds as of an army to battle, darkening the atmosphere with a strange gloom, the great signs of an approaching elemental tragedy, the. peculiar sound of the wind-all stirred in his soul thoughts and ideas that he could not wreak upon expression. His meditations were broken by a loud cry, as of a girl in distress. Bising hastily, he took a few steps down the hill, and presently saw the cause. Little Bertha was struggling with a boy," whom Jack soon recognised, as Obadiah. Lassy stood by in a very distressed frame of mind, watching two goats, which were also somewhat nonplussed. A quick run brought Jack to the spot in a moment. "What's this? he cried, angrily, eyeing Obadiah, who stood glaring at him, an ugly scowl prevading his face. " What is it ?" said Obadiah," What's that to you ? Bertha and I have been quarrelling." " Oh, Jack," cried Bertha, clinging to him, " I'm so glad you've come. He frightened me to death." Her face, in which terror had been vividly depicted when Jack arrived, began to wear a joyful look. " What nonsense," cried Obadiah, sulkily, although from his uneasy movements, it was easy to see he would have preferred to be a few miles off. " I only tried to kiss her, and the little fool began to cry.?' , Jack's blood began to boil, and his face became red as crimson. "You sneak," he cried, going up to Obadiah, " how dare you frighten the little girl ? Who allowed you to kiss her ?" " I did myself," said Obadiah, jauntily. (To be continued.) " She stoops to conquer." Can this refer to the fond mother who bends over her way-Avardboy with a number-five slipper ? 