SPORTING NOTES. Tlio protest In connection wltU the Seymour races wis decided in favor of Mr. E. W. Hill's Tommy, tbe winner. Edward O'Brion, tho jockey charged with crosMnjjMark Twain in tho Steeplechase, waa dis qualified hy the club for a period of twclvo mouths, 'litis disqualification has been endorsed by tbo V.iLC. The Victoria Racing' Club Autumn Meeting will bo continued to»daj, whou several Important stakes will bo docidod. Indeed tho day boars promiso of cxcood ln any other which has been previously run at this period of the year. Tho hill of fare was never better provided, and the principal race of the day, tiio Aus tralian Cup, will fjr exceed in numbers ttuao on any ptcvlous occasion. Tho general impression is that tlio race is most open, and but for tbo form dis played on Saturday lust by Sweet William tlicro would he little to choose Iu tho betting be tween some half-dozen horses. The day opens with tho two-mile llurdio llacc, this is followed hy tho Sires' Produco Stakos, Connthlan Cup, . Aus tralian Cup, Grand Stand Stakes and First Nonjury Handicap ; all stakes, which in previous years have \- found great favor with tho public. Tho Australian . Cup, which never numbered more Uiansixtseu horses, -at the present moment contains as many as twenty- , seven, so that it is fair to assume that not less than a score will come to tho post. Trains will bo constantly run to tho course after cloven a. in., tho first race starting at ono p.m. Betting yostcrday was brisk, not that any largo L Bunm were wagered, but that several horses wero freely backed lo win reasonable amounts. For tho Australian Cup, the best prico was 6 to 2 Sweot William, 100 to 10 ttnunterer and Suwarrow, 100 to 8 Narrabri, 100 to 7' First Water, 100 to 7 Ween, 100 to U DcJludrum, 100 to C Pollio, 100 to 6 CorioUnus, , 100 to 6 Duchcsa. All these horses have been backed to win fair stakes, Wetit and Holladrum aro probably Rnswerab'.o for 3000 or 4000, although the friends of each aro somewhat limited, of the latter especially. 10,009 to 60 was taken about_ Waterloo and Sir Joseph for tho Cup 'and Newmarket Handicap, and for tho latter raco Aureola nnd Surrey havo bvon Inrguly supported. A ' commUsUm wan executed iu favor of tho lattor, but It Is tho public wlto have exalted Aureola. Tbo prices are 100 to 19 Aureola, 100 to 7 Sweet William and Iriirpeut, 100 to 0 each Surrey, Trropeau and Ghost, 109 to 6 Sir Joseph, Verdure, Tumult, Euclid uud Crcmonic. 