SUNDAY READING: ■ Ungodly Alliance. Br theYkby Bev. Heniiy I»aw, M.A., , • (Dean o£;Glouceater). 'The sons of God saw tho daughters of mon that tioy' were fair; ami they took them wives of all which they chose.'—Geit. vi, 2. : THE Bible is God's Book, therefore it is all "divine. Eacli page gives proof. No. human thought could originato such- truths. No human mind coiild so unfold tbeini In finite, breadths and lengths—eternal' depths and heights, arc'marvellously wrapt up in' u few brief words.' Enlightened readers see the sure coDelusion. This author is more than .mam::• Take an early illustration.. CI will put enmity between thee and tbo woman, and between thy seed und her seed; it shall, bruiso thy head, and thou; ,shalt, bruise his heel Gcn.iii, 15. This sentence—the Gospel of tlie" old world —is brevity comprising boundlessness. It is a narrow field without" horizon. " Analyse the contents. Two antagonistic powers inarch forth. Two rival empires are portrayed. All earth's sons, who have been, are,: and shall bo, appear under opposing banners. Their enmity is ceaseless. One is ultimately bruised. The other, wins eternal triumphs. Thus one littlo map unfolds the total history of Christ and His blessed subjects—of the devil and his; cursed slavcs. No mortal pon wroto this. Doubtless the transcendent object of tbo rcrso is the God-man Jesus. . Tho prominent spectacle'is His dcop humiliation—His painful sufferings—Hia noble achievements—His final trampling on ull : the powers of darkhe*s. Christ, as the woman's bruised and conquering seed, largely fills the forefront. But as Christ is personal here :»go, too, isObristmystical; As the term; ' tliy seed/ addressed to the old ser pent; embraces tho whole race of the' ungodly: so tho toriu, 'her seed,' sneaking of the woman, is Christ, and • all contained in Him—Christ, and'all the family of faith, ' Ho is head'over all tilings to tlio Church, which is His body,' tho fulness of Him that fiUoth all. in all:'Bpli. i, 22, 23. * Tho head;is lifeless-without its jbiem bers. Christ isno Christ .without-His people. ; ;■ Thus this wondTpus verso draws, a broad lino, On tho ono side, thy seed * appear'srrph; the other, ' her seed.' . Ho neutral standing is! left. Each mother's son is Christ's or Satan's. , . This momentous truth pervades the,. Word. Advance at once to. Gospel times. Hear Jesus. '.The field is tho word; the good seed arej the children of tho kingdom; but tho tares are tho children of the wicked one:' -Matt. xiii, 38. This word is • emptiness, except some have the royalty of heavenly parentage, whiles others belong :to tho; apostate spirit's houso.'i- John echoes the notc.: ' In this the children of; God are manifest, and the children of tho devil:' 1 John iii, 10. Tho conclusion cannot be eluded —earth is, the home of two discordant families. Sometimes !tho separate portraits -i are separately exhibited. The dark compartment is not: cloaked. 'To aro of your father the devil,: and the Iiists of your father yo will do John yin/ 44.1 They' were a reprobate;race: and their' livesproved-their origin. lAgain, 1 To serpents; ye generation of vipers, how' can ye escape the damnation of hell ?' Mafcfc' xxiii, 33\. Here, again, is a vile' progeny, and their .final home. v"1*" ' . The .bright contrast also gloriously shines. God is the Bather of a kingly race. 5 Bear not, little flock j for it is,your fatherV good pleasure to give you the kingdom:' Lukexii, 32.'' Jesus is the Bather of an overliving family! ^His name is'Wonderful, Counsellor, The mighty , God. The everlasting BatherIsa. ix," 6. '. The Spirit is the Bather of a spiritual creation. *That which is, horn oftho.flesh is flesh; .and that which is born of the Spirit is spiritJohn iii, 6. •. •: . 4 '* ... Thus Scripture marks ..out two widely severed realms.:.. It shows agrcat gulf fixed, and .king doms on each side. . : •;.< u. . . Vivid facts endorse these statements. Behold man's first-born. Lot Cain and Abel be»ex amined. Naturally they spring from the same stock.: In form and lineament they correspond. Their outward frames and mental powers im port-one origin.: They have like features. They tread the same earth. They breathe ; the •same air. They have like cravings and desires. They are supported by the same food. - They sleep : tho same sleep. They converse in the same language.' Great is their outward 'same , J5uc greater iar i3 cueir wbvrutu uuxcivumv, LXri spirit; they are estranged "as polo: from pole. Cain ' Was of thatwickcd cneX John iii,! 12. X'6 'Abel tlie sweet testimony is accorded, ;'By faith lie obtained -witness tlmt lie -was righteous Heb! / All who have faitli belong to heaven's1 family. ,c Yo* ard, allthcchildren of God ^by faith .in Christ JesusGal, iii;; 26. therefore righteous Abel was a son of God. '/ One'.received" Christ,' as- King :"fo'r this is faith's constant act. The other toiled in Baton's priaomhouse: as ,all. do, who; aresfcrapgera to this.; graced . One was flight:. the', other'"was sightlessin; a 'dark Vw'orld. .^. One .'was.'Zion's citizen: the other grovelled.a worldling among worldlings. One journeyed in the harr6w.,way of life: tho other .went; downwards in; destruc tion's hroadroad.^..r ^ ','v_tr.^wn, This "is" tho~truth"interwoven "in' the"text before us.; "'The sons of God saw,the daughters of men.'i Diverse- families i are here. Some were horn again—and thus a new creation made them ' sons of God;' * Others experienced no vital change. Thoy remaincd corrupt offspring of corrupt' parents—conceived in sin—snapon in iniquity—unclean, hecauso the stream of an unclean fount—dead, - because hanging on a withered branch—children of wrath, because their heirdom was the curse. "< . :-'h; 8uch is ilie mighty difference. •' What is the power; which affects it? It must.be;external. For all men are; equally dead-born, m-*And death can never'gonerato life;. - Tho strength less have no strength. The motionless cannot move. - The speechless cannot' cry.';<i<jThe skeleton cannot arise.' -The dry'leaf' cannot bloom.' • Ashes - cannot brighten into f flame. The powerj then, is not/inborn.-^; '. J f \- ' Omnipotence from above achieves the change. Tho Holy Ghost,: descending- on tlic wings of love, and 'moving in the almightiness-of His strength, implants now-being' in the 5heirs of life. Others, unchanged by heavenly grace, cumber the - earth,- ub moving sopulchrcs hold ing dead souls. ' t; - • Hero reason proudly asks :'Whatis thocauso of such ; distinction ? • Where isi tbo just principle? Faith with all reverencoreplies: The cauEO is wise, for it. is God's wisdom \ it is good, for it is God's will: it is righteous, for it is God's resplvo: it is holy, for-it is God's decree, f.^ball not the'Judge of all tho earth 'do -right?' Qen.'Txviii, 25.* :There"is no stern severity—ho arbitrary caprice—no sport of chanco. He cworkoth; all tbings> after- the counsel *of -His own willKph; i, ll: - True, faith reads not ycfc the records of tho courts above: but it confidingly reposes on'tlie word: 'What I do, thou knowest not now, bub thou shalfc know hereafterJohn xiii, 7.1 1 As the tabernacle rose'after a pattern marked out in the Mount: so-theunti- typal Church rises uccording to an eternal model. Wisdom and love'lay the first stone Y wisdom and power frame tho materials: wisdom and mercy fit cucli to its place: wisdom and truth bring forth tho topstonc: wisdom and graeo receive the total glory. ' Oh! the! depth of the riches both of the wisdom and knowledges of-God! liow'un flcarcHahlo arc His judgments, " and* His'ways past finding out I' Kom. xii'33. Tho glorious reign of truth will soon break forth. Then the chosen family shall put off disguising flesh, and rightly put on robes of light, and show their crowns of gold. Now ■rthey arc intermingled with the crowds of earth. Thoy move as others up and down the world. In this hold the wheat and the tares grow side bysido. In this wilderness the'raro flowers wo beact.with weeds. In these waters, fishes good and had promiscuously swim. In these pastures tho sheep and goats crop tho same herbs. In this great liouso vessels of gold and wood, of silver and earth, have tho like shape. At this banquet guests robed and unrobed sit • ;down.' At this mUl two; grind together, the , one to be taken, the other to be left... . £ , Thus in time-state tho heir* of mercy, and of ; i wrath are intermixed.: Tho fle»li is their com mon tabernacle. An atmosphere of contagion onvelopes both. The spiritual seed must tra verse the slippery ground of earth.. The tempter marks them well—and hfites- them most—and never ceases to us?ail. . Traitors, too, in tho heart, are active to betray. They arp not, as to spirit," of the world. But, as t» flesh, they are still in tlio world. * Outward • ..allurements woo tliem to forbidden paths. Tho . old nature—still alive—looks too complacently on congenial evil. Old passions, pent up, heat rebelliously on the holy barriers. Thus count ■r'j :'.lessaro the occasions of transgression. Multi tudinous are the pitfalls in tho way. v;?- ;/ ; (To be continued.j 