,LAJN ??'LiUN EXAMINER. PUBLIYHED DAILY. "_FRIDAY, JULY 28, 1882. Tui debate on the Financial State ment has occupied two entire evoning, in the House of Assembly, and has proved perhaps one of the mildest and most purposeless that has taken plce. It, however, possessed one recommendation, namely, that it was altogether free from acrimony and bad temper, and reminded one more of a friendly " talkee, talkee," in which every gentleman present con sidered ithis duty to take part, no matter whether he had anything to say worth listening to or not. In fact several members candidly admitted that they only spoke because others had done so ; whilst some confessing that the various subjects had already been so exhausted as to leave n,othing for them to add, then deliberately proceeded to deliver tlhemselves of lengthy harangues, and on the principle of " You scratch me and Ill scratch you," the previous orators listened to them with exemplary patience and good humour. Of course no one would expect any legislature unanimous in their approval of all th,, measures proposed by any Treasurer. The latter would be one of the wonders of the world could lie contrive to please everybody. Moreover, it is difficult for, legislators to always put aside their pre dilections in favour of their own parti cular interests. For instance, those engaged in pastoral pursuits greatly relish the protection conferred on them by the sheep and cattle tax. All kinds of misfortunes are predicted for graziers if the tax is repealed, and the state argument is trotted out that the duty was imposel as a retaliation upon Victoria, and must be continued in order tlat we m sy haveo something to con cede' to that colony when J. phalJ be wishing to abandon or reduce its duties upon our produce. Other membeor, un connected with the pastoral interests, and forming part of aund ropresenting the very much mopro numorous body .of con 'sumers of meat, are of just a precisely opposite opinion, and expose the fallacy of the "retaliation.on- Victoria" argo moot by calling attention to the circum stance that the importations of live stock to this coloniy are all from Now South Wales, which admnits Tasmanian produce nearly free ! Moreover, as' the Prie mier pointed out, the graziers' into rest is pretty owll protcctcd by thu cost of importing cottlo from Now South WVales, amounting to something likeo £4 par head. If Tasmania is to be mado attractive to imm grants, one of the conditions must be moderate cost of liv inleg Thenou again other membors'residing or interested in dlstricts in whichi coal measures exist,'object to the aholitioil of the duty upon the black diamonds im ported from Now'South Wales, and so on. It is somewhat amusing to note the Iachry moes tone of some of the agricultural members But it is an Englishmilan's privilego to gramble at all times, and far mere have a proverbial weakneoss.in that direction, notwithstanding improved do. mands for their productions, and im proved prices also. Howover, wesupposeo it is all human nature, and we mnst' no. be too critical. Every portion of the Treasurer's statement afforded subject for com mont, but it would be a weariness, of the flsh 'to repoeat all Lha't was enil, ilnoro particularly ,as the discussions will pro bably.. be tuch i more oanimated ' and practical in their bearing when the bills to oenable the Government to carry tliheir proposals into effect are introduced. il: kinds of suggestions wore madi in .refor ence to the property tax, but the sonpe'of the House appears to be against th iliro?. posals to exempt £10 propertie? anil' to allow a discount for prompt payment. The balance of opinioon enem to bb aill favour of the repeal of the tax on nimet. The .tariff proposals will probably be amended in some respects, and there are differences of opinion on the stamp and carriage duties. It is natisfac tory to find some of the members ad vising caution in expenditure, and also in remissions; for as . we have frequently said, it is often more difficult to act judi ciously In: times of prosperity than in periods of adversity. There are indica tions that the question of inmmigration will receive attention this session, and so it should if Parliament really desires to promote the progress and prosperity of the colony. The subject of the defences' of the colony received scant notice during the debate, but it is a matter to which attention must'also be given, for it will be worse than folly to let the present state. of things continue. However, members have scarcely settled down to their duties yet, but' iwe hope that after their preliminary cantors this week, they will apply themselves steadily and earnestly to their work. There is abundancof real business, and important measures requiring serious attention. Tic disputed Assembly elections for Richmond and Campbell Town, which have recently been decided by their Honours the Judges, are the first petitions of the kind which have come before the Supreme Court since all disputed returns and 'elections were transferred from tlhe jurisdiction of the Elections and Quali fications Committoo of either House to that of the Supreme Court. This change was effected by ThI Electoral Act, No. 5, (45 Viet. No. 18), passed in November last, and we think no one can doubt that the alteration is a wise one. The fair, open, and impartial hearing given to both sides by the highest court in the colony, the careful and lucid manner in which the cases are summed up, and the reasons for the decision arrived at,..all com mend themselves to the publicmind as preferables to an investigation be fore a committeoo. composed of politicians, w•whom it 'would ';b un reasonable to suppose can on all occasions entirely divest themselves, of all party bias, and' to a' report which sadly lacks the. clear :and:.comprehonsivo method of the judicial decision. . Such a report, too, has to be laid before, discussed, and adopted by the Hpuee, which is liable to give rise to undesirable expressions of opinion and manifestations of party feeling, whereas the decision of the Supreme Court is subject. to no such cavilling, and is accepted as final. One point in the decisions delivered on Wed-. nesday has, however, occasioned some comment, namely, with regard to the award of costs. In the Richmond case the petitioners having failed to establish their objections, and no blame being imputed to either the Roturning Officer or the successful candidate, the coats weore' ordered to be borne by the defeated' party-the petitioners. In the Campbell Town case, however, it was shown that thie Returning Officer committed an error, and the petition was upheld ; but peti tioner and respondent 'are adjudged to boar their own costs, which may be fair enough under the ciroumstances, for as neither party was to blame it would evidently be unjust to saddle eitheor withl the whole costs. The Returning.Oflicer, however, to whose fault the wholo of the. subsequont proceedings are sololy charge able, is let off scot free, because though it is admitted he made a mistake in tihe first instance, it has been shown the petitioner comnmitted an error since tihe proceedings' commnenced by giving the Returning Oflicer notice that ihe would also be treated as a respon'dennt, which he could not be. Although i ?two wrongs do not make a right," .the! poli tioner,is made to suffer for both oerors'by being saddled wi th te Returning Officer's costs as well as his own, the former, though the cause of thile: whole affair, being the only party concornad who had to bear none of the burden. His Honor the Chief Justlice, who de livered the decision of the Court iun tile Qampbell Town case, drew attention to some defects in the existing law, lwhich the proeodings Jnqd brought inlto prqomiqcncc, and we trust his suggestin as to the necessity for revision will not escape the notice of Parliament during the present session, as a new Electoral Act will be amongst the measuroes submitted. We cordially agree with his Honor's suggested amendments, viz., (I), that voting papir"' objected to and admittedor rejected should be marked by the Returning Officer and .?..:? ?;.y :,. -" , kept apart, so as to be hradrly aid 'Per tainly identified; (2) that ltulot- papcrs ' should have nootheor word oni their face but the namos of the ciandidates; and (3) that the causes of invalidity, of voting ' papers ahould- bo "moro-chlrly -tfind pro- T cisoly delined. But lis closing suggrstion is open to objection. lIe states that if it is considcred desirable that, the! effect of peraonsation ought to be. mnid remediable every vote saould, as in jEnglanld, be made eapab!o of being traced to the voote. 'n I a small eonuiuiity ouch a ours, atitetpts at personation murst be urd, in facl'ar. rare, and even if auteloptr d- would seldom be successful. 'VWe hare not experiuced I the gross corruption which pmipolledl then provisionm adopted in Euglatd;r and though the Ilion anid one or two otb' 'I olbetorats haveo somantineesa bnIt rc proach to tl0e, 1relnty, the form thu evil has taken lhahs ot boou personationj It would, therefore, boebetter to rutl the slight risk of occasional attoueiplllti, personation than. incurle grcaer ovil which nay arisoe from a provision inteded 'to render a vote capable of being' tlaced to its giver: ' Tltough"lscnh a irebkiation :nigiht only bi intended for ?inu in ot?eoinre .eas, it wouild inevitably ba abused, i and. as it would: strike at. thle ofundamenitaolh 'priniciple' of thoi billot --its:inviolable secreny- it woiild bq blpere tb the grhvest objections, and perhaps open.tihe door to ,serious abuses never contemplated byi'is n framers. The Chief Justice was careful to only put this matter as a suggestion, "if it is considorqd .dusirab?1i,' b'tt we ;trust that Parliament will see thatit'in at toiptineg to remody a posaible evil ithey woril? certaioily pefvo the wal' t a >no.re soriouns ono, ant ril nell: ?tortorrI consi er it is not desirable to, reender-n u eetable of idbntification. , r;a !r- : By our Parliatnentory reports'i.tt ill, have been observed, that bills, haves been introduced, to gv ,ffe.ctto tlre propial for raising, the salaries eoftrel hiovdrmnr, antd Ministers., Th6o Govnrn?-o'anay in to be raised to ?o000, allinctr o £1)000, wliiih will nak tlheto ,alary the' same a-.that.of the Goveriiora of, S nth Australianand Qinenaisland, lind o?l ex ceeded in the Australian colenie by the salaries of the Governrir.of. Victoria ,who' hqs £10,00, Now "Soeith Wales?6£700 and New Zealand £5000, .ith ,,£*50 allowanices.. Carairily £5OO is, ? g anud vice-regal, salary for a .colony t:'pauspess ing the liuithd , pop?ulatin riand revenue of Tamnianina,andis £1000, )oro. .than'we paid to Sir Henry E. F. Yomng when lie eatred.upon tthe experimeet of .Constitutional Govertime ntr , in,185. Iut at thoe saaip time it should be remembered that :e hiavo perhapso of late yeare carpied" our ideas of economy. reith,;rospect to 1 vice-regal salary too far. T1gRpli}tisatrial isalaries are to be, for. the four crcogi ised Beads of departmept's,' raia?d frroI 700 t'p £1000, 'whileo,tli posntionof ?reurir witlout a portfolioi hithert9,regatded as honorary, is in futura to: hliay £20 a year attached, but it is ilieationitble, whpther the latter- is a judiciousnainb?a tion. Compared initll the other colonies; Tdsmanian MIinistra s are uuder-ppaid ,ie present. In Now Soutli Wales Sir Henmy Parkee, the Premineriand Colonial iSecr tary, receives £2000 a yp.ir; ard oeit other Ministers £1500 each.II Vjctori Sir Bryan O'LJoghlon, teo' P'emier and Actor neoy-Gonoral, receiveds £2100 a year "' the lion. J. M. Grant, Chief Secretaryond lin ister of Public Instruction is paid £1820, and-seven other Miniutorn '£1440 eich. South Australia pays her 'Premier And Chief Secretary £1000,' and fiveu othpr Mlinisters a similar salary. The al?lries paid in Queensland are identical. with those of South Australia,. the ' nurl her of Miniaters also -,,,beoing the same. There • ace aeven Ministers' in Now Zealand, who each receive, we believe, £1250. Although the salaries paid to Tasmanian Ministors are top lbiv at present, the proposed increases .wilt place them upona nvery satiseactory foot ing indeed as compared with our nm~gh bours, when the relative proportions.of revenue and- population are taken, into; account. - TILE JAA?NESiE VIITORS:-Tho;leJal?a?a B visitors returned to Iobdrtyesterday ýitd expressed tlhemselves highly.pleasoe' witlh their trip to tlie Northern capital anrd its surroundings, 'In the meirningestlley!lft for Longford by rail, :a 'spooial train having been' placed at their dispiha( by Mr. It. W. Lord, manager of thelL aidi W. Railway. They were accompanied by MIessrs. R.; W. Lord, B; P. Farrelly B,. W. MI'Eachern, and C. V Roclier (Tp-m Clork), and Mr. Alfred Harrap, theo'ActlAg Mayor, who had previously' toleljrpplmpd to the Warden of' Loilgford, reilnoesing; 'his hospitality on behalf of the 'viltbr's. The party stayed at Perth, whtore:l -, slanger, the estate of Mr. ;JddllhArc err was visited, after whlich';tlhy proei d to Longford, wheore* ltndhneoni wat bro vided and :partaken ooff' returnini tio Evandale :iti time to catchi!tlhd osppes train for Hobart.. Timr Pnrisrmtur ' .DLEDno.e--At. last there appearsito be' ia probability bf itle:; 'much.talked.of Priostmdin 'Drpdgge.bging practically utilisedi' and' certainly ither has been no hnrry in 'gotting it'riadyi for', work. ",Yesterday tlie lighter, ?vet taken to the Queen's' Wharf oppoaiteittho'crane,r and the ,principal portionsn . of', Ithe machinery were safely lowered into thleii' places u'nder thes euporintondenea of MIr. J. Lowes. The rest of tle rmachinery vill probably be placed onuboard to-day, iad' it 'iray reasoiidbly be exbpected that thie machine. will be in operhtirin orer m'atiiy' days have elapsed. ; Crvlratrn •HAr.--Onr eorrespormdeiti writes under date July O25 :-On Friday' lnst, the 21st instant, mrs. Jlohn: ]-ollso, senr., departed this life at her- reoide'ricoe in the forest. Mn Hrs. Houed weas very old and muchirespected resident.: 1r domiso was by no meane suddren or un expected, lhaving been arn invalid for Itlid pint lifteon years. Shilro was th abec tiriato parent of a largeo family all of whomt sR e lwas spared t, see Imarrienld and coimfnirtally sottled.' He: remains weive interredin tlie Stariloy 'ccnctory on the following Sunday. Thie Iov. H. D Atkinson ofliciaitedl, and the cortogo coni oisted:'of Iher: niumeerus relatives nind frioids.: Weather, .downpour of rainr; wind north- west, squally. A ,loNSerr TUINIP.--TIi " monsiter" soeteoi, ha?" riot ,et terminut ed; arid yctter day a gigantic trirnip' w' "is'e siw at bi. 'I. Newveys s'tore in 'Georlc-st;-t"'r The ioegetaele .xliiitd was, cdrtiily ;a monhtr,,'.turnln tIhe sae e "at ' lib. aund: lc?qied 4t?t n 0lrl r in.circufro? it wis grnrby Mr. winS g of P.t Hfiill, W'est Tamnihr, and we are ifori? sa 91gly one of nmariy venry laro turriips '?idnrriing I thIe crop. It is 'of thid plirple top yellowv Abordee. 'vainriety, and was grown fromn English aeed imported nlast year by Mr. II. NIuiwey.......... .CorncEerr AT Sr. LI:ONR siI.--r i, enjoyable.conce'fi ii anhl nf thu loca' In stitut' taoi, ll'co itll the' ,?Ch'oonl iri' St. Leohards,''o WVedrnesday evening, wlhJi' there was alaruge attendrlce, a inunimeof pe.'onod avirilinrg !thlrris-llves' of' the findi nitglit'to drive'out frrni td;i n: An attunao-' tive lpr,,grarine -nu' n; 1rliared, and ,,aii'r Ig y t "sige r.t it totk part in the' evenrings proceed;IrI s were 'liissYs Vald hair aid 'Purliton; IMessrpir . :'I(: \Vest book, Pyhdi, FerbrBs hrd Higminb Tl:: i ,h eoneort dissed off l ry im beoiofhlly, and was greatly enjoyedoy irall presrntri Hnircs': P cneorsmill A?'orllorLb .-A publlic mceeting of thrsd irite.roibd' inr this iassc,itir wiill ' be hioeddl ith'l t lagley Inn. at 2 Ir.nl. to-day, to decide upon a , ni.,ij?"t . "LLECTUr l, ON LIrF AsSURANCH.-Lst 'vening Mfr. Jl Sly, local agent for the National Mutual Lifd Assuranco Associ 4ltibn,'delivered a loeture on the benefits acorning fronm .lifo.hasuranco in general, and that o?lanati.?froin thooftice he re pDisents' ithpalrticl?ar.--' -h' chair was taken by the Acting-Mayor, A. Harrap, Esq., who introduced the lecturer in a few pithy sentences. The room was kowdecd, and Mr. Sly.7ioalt with the iitany ;pQints init obnnoetion with life assurance in an intoereting, taking style, enlivouing - what" might haivo proved a rather- dry- subject. by amusing anec- P ,dotes;' theomiitajcityf.of which tended to at AnooL tho.h"objoet sought by T lhe luoatur r.-_ -The groat advantage anper taciina te -tl-e nmutual system was pointed out adiilt'' subj~ect' of bonuses explained, .A ?-id ? ea ilof(light being thrown on tlhe euhject and many doubts removed from t tho:rii'cia o'f th3os'd :resent 'oi"tils point. E The,gicat'beneit'df thaicsurronder policy was also delinoated and compared with :to' oldo: istlatl of iObfottiroi uder pro. prietary institutions. The endowennt pri'icipld Washbhii1ddlt'wilh, the lecturer dealing fully gith, this part-of the i ues' tion and representin'g it as the very best means of 'gaitg;--money; . iThe varion ' objections .tolifa"assurance were aeom bated, aqd vivid pictures were pourtrayed 'of, hoosohpoles in which the assured and unasep rod'heAds of families were enatched' 'way 'tho result boin~ very favouirale to thb6 frmor.' iis :Giloes kindly renldered soond selectiois of music during the even ing, and v'ths 6f 'thanks to the Ohaignmn anj lecturer ended the meeting. - Cn A.MIER orF CaooreRno,-A meeting o . tth Launcestohn Ohanmber of Cofildmeroi' will be hold at the Mechanica' Institute at 4 p.m. to-day. : FooTBALL McEETING.-A picaeal meeting of the memnbers. of tlte 'Northern Tas manrian Football Assopittion, will be hold at'the s' Vbkmtn' 0Club this evening.i CocERT_ AT DiPLORAINei . A concert vwillbogiven intho DcloraipeolTown Hall this oeneing in aid of St. Mark's Ohitrch -dpht,rl:vh9n; in p?idition to othor selected itemrs, the programm eo will comprise soleo lions by ,thq., ~olker Family of Boll 'ngers.e : i .')111' i N. T..Bdtftb~iL 'SobIETi.-It is notified that. Mr. Jea. Stter,, 1ho was rcontly aj idirited tothp phaiteot f Seooretary to 1 th'd: Ndrthiei iT iieflian'"Pdria~entt I ilhildiiij' 5biot willl'ent?r"upon! his duties on Tueseiay next, in snuccession to klr. J, J;::;Budsor; the; prqsent eaorotary. Rc:r,Iaorots.e-HisaLordship the BIbeloo of Tasmania. will' preach at Campbell Town. hn.Sitlday.,mornieti?,.and hold a' confirmatiorp srvnvcethereoin the evening, and at Ross in lh'ofternoon. ,. ,O. A,=-" Thaj -subject . fr this evening's; meeting ,pf, the. ,Y.hi.O.A., to .whi?h?frjendsn-:ayp; Iqvited;. is 'a debate ainh .! Total Abstinence v~,l Moderate I Priiking."i,. M?UTUAtelarpiOVExMENT ASsoo8.ITION, The mombers..,of, this Association hold their. umiudlb meetings'to-hight,' when an - :essavypn .LPrison Dipcipline" will;bo rda'd I by Mr. A. Dakin,.and an.importeirit!dis:. t enssioeri is likelycifo follow:. The pro gramme for noxbiFriddy will'ialsd be u arranged. , A VALteint IVerterme ; e Dr. Ndlsl, an eminent Lojidoh,-:physio?ani, recently exhlibited': beforo a',ceitifio assoijbly an para'tieu of a eo inst dip'o character, whlich has been.most successful, He calls t it a Chemical L?ung, andby its moan~ all t impurities of the air are quickly destroyed ietunnoel; mineo, cthcatresi add all places where a largo number of persons asnseeible to vitiatd thb air. .,The apparatus'censists of a kind of punkah, composed of web bing, ;wllich is kept ;constantly : moving wilth a fau-liko motion,while theowebbing -at theo, same time .rotateq, and pasoes tlhr6?iglh a troughl containing a solutioiof caustic alkali. The air that is.thus fanned is immediately dop'rived of all its impuri tics." The valuli of sit· h chemicals as are required is.nacturally,,moat trilling, while I the cbst of the niechanical" action for'agi- a latihe a sdanicit nt number of those fans to ptrify-tlh iSt., othard's Tunnol-says d .n EIngliash paper-w- ould not amount to one or two pounidls 'a day. It is clearly £ -What the Coimp?any in-,its dilemma wants, a and tlio travelling .publio will be glad if they adopt it. Galleotti; the Italian boy nine years of ,ago, who is crdating. a grdat impression in the: Lmdoni drawing-rdonms by'his re. markablo powers as as n improvisatore at 'the piatloforte, was 'it a party a few nights since given by Sir.Georgo Wombell to tihe Princodf Wale. - The firstnshbjects, 'wo bars' of nielodly' givoidby Mr. Griosseith t and Mr: 'Alfred 'dlo Rothschild, *ord f trbated witlt'tnieh skill: The Prince then asked Mr. Grossamith tor play the ghost h melody from, " The qorsican Brotheors;' .This ewitli grgat stuc?o es Gallootti .treted? in turni pa;mar'ch fugue,i ariad waltz,' iF oonTSAL:-. niatchwilslbo playedon Satu r clday next at Longford, behotween the Cityland ,Longford ?lUb,,com enoing at half-past two. .Theo. follb'oiwgprch.tl'te, s :--Clty-W., Dgd matt (oep'al),; 'V. 'Do' Oassel' (ricfe-cteinet H. Mlathews, J. Coogan, H. Liliorap, W. Frlthi : A. Mills. T. Wiilson,: G. EEilb E. Ryde W. Boyl;' W ,bIfNair.'J Doss ea Lawrence. 'Lonqford --SIP. G:.;" d udeoo leeptaie),. A.;G. Stoks"W.' Smith A.ld Sutted; G:. Beneott, J. Littlejohn, T. BeDfd&nlhj;: Bc dfoid' . Il Wight, 1t? hlt-iate; It leoree'':P. Shsi,: I,. Canmdro'e J. Dennis, G. Dennis,r"D.1 Coneasher, and H. Robertson. Ierielioot othir :iidtiAe?L tff--The seventh oomlceilttiddn 'utint?ehiteln frtith! W?,eo ititobhes will be holdat thona. Itl angoe to -mrrow fter. noon, s hen?the;equalls ;will fPt'n, sedder. ]iPehangcese llel d ts ussual p m--Corporal' G'i:' y "?j2?.H Ser· ndt Hse y, C.nii orao h Samse S.-MiT otr s ntinis "erg an't'orr OG4hner Conway, iCorporaler1.'Croft. Odrporal Debley. 3"15 prm.=-Gunnr Petet, eVol. PGow ]som. OI. 04w, undnenrireggs.llbmh. Miller Gsnner b[ills. Ter, hrirbsug'H?btate/ompany is withdrawn froee' tho:mhrkhetphto applitcantsir ol hates wilt receive their dedsetrsl oa in full fn A I'Gni shool e inganegl rabbilt aoursing match 'ell be o hll;l at Perih.oeli rd ie A et, Entr Is her tlhe hundecapclbose viih Mr. E.H: Psatdn dr' iMiiW'. lt.ul?seloiieTteudiay next. S. TE shee Irnviteda fur Publie Works in the Lvnedistrit; and on.tho read from Back A rO~cav wilt aleld: ct thb Oddfellona' Hall, oe Tuiesday next, in' 'od of thaPrlnes's Sqore Ceongregatioinl'Clmcurch Building Fnnd. leetl\EnT--UnlesG this spirit is really good it 'il vei injuriois to thd syaten, aond those who use it eitherr as imelieiosa e' ns a herarigo eloul, wheran ireasinaiog, hbe very careul to sea thil centhyl gilet:.qine i erugneo. Courloisier's iraieely en the a ery Ieet in the market, equal tel eitheritartoll''bs r' Hennesay's, and is sold at a eower prices [dovwe] l ".'0 eee.it"e Toeie-;'--Poar about a wine-glassfnl o01huoilsno a'eterntq hlealt-paint tumbler,, and sweeten'eeooeordingto taste; Stir well up, then Speut in a 'ceinoe-laisful of. OLn Loce Dec WIeiK, nail nd'eled a wineglossful and a h'alf more builing cenate?o. 'Be surm Lee eacuc' is boiling. Those wleo prefer Irishl Whisky should Use the ' -Seerxwnrc; s-it is-th'-best imported,-(Adet Acroefuieer~ iiia SUdest.-It is the duty of _evcry. prsoclleeho hae esed hoshele'a German Biyu to letitti'Sbederful iunlitisli bP known ,' to their irionds in! cring eonsumptionS;severe etehs crcele eisnaa5s, pnoumonia. end in fact aS threat nnd lung' diiseses."" "o' persoanan uso it without .ilmedinto reliefL .Tire'o' doses wiiF:;blieice 'cic' 'ccii" , tcid weo 'oider it ths f duty of nll tlnigist'it ramonmend it to the aclidyi.onml?. t' least' td try ens Ilbottle, e h0,000 doen bottlsa'were .01d last y o ua c aeo w h er e' tt failed w as ye cannot I' too widely keown. Ak yohir'druriggit qt.t-aml botlos, to try ?old at Odi l rio , ti d ? Ios l lsgints' (d? Tismaniaa. L. Ir'Aecriioiecc AND 80NS, Chemieists,anae-O " idCtNJITT'S.ASiUA DE'1LORIhEL, 'a Its ii'islms implies, iihetic d'oli,'r1"efh f.lowers, highly -' uepncentrated, /dend cals a ,piouliar and moet C'fu'Pa~ weith'iPh acditf~hitti'dXily cdie its tebath wclch commends it to general tus': In 'the seKe room this delighltful perfumo will peove in vaclualhe. Its invigorating quanlities 4swill die inefect tihe atmoisphere, reliive the tirsd· brain, nootihe seed,'efreCh 'tlei estlens patient and revive his dron g~cc energies. ]levnoe-r's AucA is 1t'Loestecee. i eed wl'odgdetlhei'eot delight fel. fregrant. lenting and chenpest toilet water tia ecentery,'h'asllprdund. Wheoleslo hy SI~t?;n nd L iuntcston ; ifron . ]Iox bleues , .,:"',,.,/:' aij.'' ' 