MM. B I X B Y ' S BATHIfSTG S'VST. BY MAB1 kHIl T>AEIAS Mr ,Bixby's bathing suit certainly was a very: handsome bathmgsmt, and^Ir»Bixby^beingi a Very handsome man, looked "well in it It" sometime occured to Mrs Bixby that she .^rould'be:qmteasiwell:pleasediif:this'.werenot so, and^if she did not so often 'hear of his fig "uring to the crowd ol bathers, who played the mermaid at Splashtown beach, mornrng and afternoon Mrs Bixby -was sure he was not so fond of, ducking tier under the waves On those rare loccasionsiwhen-islie-jdid'-f go m;?'5hei allowed her to bob up and down, clutching-at the Tope jor a while, and then a ked her, very •curtly,'if she '"wa n"t tired ofif"- \- ShegenerallywiM to tell thetruth. Under such circumstances who would not have been? •Mr Bixby was one of.those beautyrmen who generally snub-thea: female relataves,'and keep their charms-rfor, society; but, besides this, \- he.bore i his »wife a- particular igrudge : She. -was .the ,mece.: of , seven very- told aunts and uncles, all immensely nchy-and all "very-fond of Matilda;"; -But perhaps they were not as fond of Matilda's husband, for smce .their marriage six'of .them : had died; without leaving her: a; penny. .: With each demise .Mr. Bixby grew les affectionate \- . " He married me for: my expectations; no doubt," poor Matilda thought to herself, :as ishe; regarded in the mirror, - a- countenance that had no particularly fine features; and she; too; thought of the thousands that might have been hers, if she had married some one; more agreeable to her family. : . i; , 1. •r-.She saton the porchalone,thispleasant July4 -day;.after-;Mr.;Bixby had gone gallantly away; -seawardy withithe little waterproof satchelan: which he carried his bathing.smt, and Turkish.. •towels;-and thought of many-things; and fell I •into such , a", deep brown- study, that when; some one addressed her with : " Your letters,: -Mrs. Buby;": she started;, and, gave a hille cry. • ; ''Did l inghten yoa?" :said..the .voice of a -feUow-boarder;I didn't know you were nervous I am dreadfully, but you are al ways to composed. It as;:only -tto ogive you your letters I brought them fiom the office " •" Thank you," said Mas Bixby " I think Imusthayebeenasleep,"andastheotlierlady passed. on , she turned the missives over in her lap. There were five of them-; one, a letter with a black seal, Mrs. Bixby tore it open. It was as she had expected. Her Uncle ,Jedediah; aged:iunety, was ;dead:o :-That was sad Mrs Bixby took out her handkerchief, and: read on Her uncle had left all his money to the Asylum for Attorneys' Orphans. .This wassaader:Btill;The.-handkerchiefj wasAvet •m an smstant, andjasiherftears; fell; Mr:-. Bixby's voice fell on her ear. ' I've come back, Tilly I promised to wait ifor some one who is gomg to the beaeh. - You have letters?" Mrs Bixby wiped her eyes, and gave him tho e with his name upon their envelopes Ha simply-held them, staring -at the black edged paper in her hand " How you like to torment me, Tilly," he said at last," what news have you'" " Uncle 1 dead," she answered "Well?" " He has left Jus money to a chanty," sob ? bed Mrs Bixby Hr Bixby muttered an oath, and marched: •away In the hall of the hotel a lady of fa cina , ting air, and httle pencilled lines under her handsome eyes, met him—-probably by acci; dent The two went toward the beach to . gether, talking earnestly "Certainly, he married me for myexjpec tations,' said Mrs Bixby, and went to her room to weep with more freedom She idid 'iioteven:go down- to'dinnerthatevenmg, and Mi. Bixby >did not come up to -ask why ; About midnight there was consternation rathe hotel Mrs Bixby was "making inquiries about Mr Bixby, and-the la t seen of him: was in the water T-arions persons knew of lis entering it n his handsome bathing dress : Nobody had-seen him come out There wa , great excitement with the coming dawn: yariousyonng,ladies,reportedhimas"swimimng beautifully" at five o'clock He lad; tried to teach one to swim It was evident that he was drowned Mrs. .Bixbywas-jgomgfromoneroommtoanother upstairs, and calling op her dear, Sailing, lovelyAngus'tus.toforgiveherhercoldneBSi ^ympatheticladiesfillcdtheiroom.doetors :Were calledSn, aadreporkers were jotting down paragraphs Meanwhile another letter, with n bl tck M-al, addressed to Mrs Bixby, arrived at the hotel. When >she was able'to read it sne did so It was from her lavver A lat r t ill f h 1 Uncle Jedediah'a had been discovered He had taken a dislike to one of the trustees of ihe"Attorneys' Orphans,' anl liad left all ihisjiortuneito.lns •" dear. -nlece,;\M;atllda , -Bixby ' . ; " If poor Augn tus had but lived to share it," sobbed the widow < ( But, after all, it was a consolation r She remained at the hotel-all winter,-visited: by grave legal gentlemen, and wearing the deepest weeds In Spring she bought a cot : tage near the beach, furnished it luxuriously and became a regular summei lesident Wealthy, flattered,courted, she became quite handsome Attentions were showered upon her Serious offer were made for ier hand Atjength Jenkins, the reporter, mentioned, iin a longTwjnded.paragraph, the "!aetB'tof-her "Romantic History," how her fortune had: been left < her when she was plunged in agonies of grief, how much her "residence " wa worth, and what her crape cost a yard And one suito , \more persi tent than, the: others,'woundihmiselfabout'herJ'heart^-She had~determined to remain a widow, but she was very lonely She-had vowed to, marry: cro ed Sye and n club foot, but Matilda be heved that ihe hould be perfectly happy with him Her mourning faded into lilac silk and vio let , white tulle and pan le And one day she walked jipon the beach, slowlymakmg up her mind aa to the form in. whichliei accept ance of -a written offer, which she had re ceived hould be couched, when, looking out upon the sea, her eyes met an object -which petrified her with amazement It was simply a swimmer, who, having gained a spot where the water wa only jip to his i wai t, was advancing toward her, but the 1 s.urpnsmg;.po^t,jn-thiB:otherivise veryordi.-':: snaiysobjectswaaithstijt wore Mr.'Bixby's'bafh-; ing eo tume His i^ife knew it too well to : be mistaken. - Had she not embroidered thaipattern on the collar herself-' Wa not that braid-made:to:order? Were not'the-buttons some which had descended from the past'. Beal gold buttons—too good, Mrs Bixby had: over and ovei igam averred, for a bathing ; suit The widow turned faint as she gazed, for not only did she know the dres , but the: handsome head above it She knew that it was"Mr Bixby's ghost Her limb failed her She sat down 011 the sand,'-and hid her face in her trembling: hands. 'But now a splashing soundoof feet, treadmg.thedamp'heac^rouaetl'her: She looked up The spectre stood be ide her, looking very sohd, indeed, for a ghost" and it spoke, and said Don't be frightened, Tilly, dear I am not an apparition. I am your, own Augusta Look up, love hook up " And fell: exhausted—or so it seemed to Matilda—at Tier side "'.Matilda*^ wet as he wa , -sobbedthat the 'joy of that; moment would be: too much for her, and ®ever:. thoughtifor ;a;anomentTof.'marvelling: -how- agei&lemaniwholiiad-disappeared.in;'the : : sea.shouldwalkou%;Of,:rt:ahve:and'unharm%cl a year afte ward But Mi Bixby explained, nevertheles He had swam out too far, and been picked up by, a boat attached to a whaling ve el—the Sea Gull, Captam Brown—Tie was careful to ex plain; hadbeen illoand delirious for weeks,? and only recovered to find the ship driving -before a, fearful gale, which wrecked her in mid-ocean.: -With seven'.others-he toot to a ; raft, and was cast un a deserted, island,-where he had smce,hved tn hisibathing suit;subsist-:; ing -on shell fish and berries And how at ^AST,TOOJ^G.HMI^EUTO BE^^GPOD^SVJUJMER.j he had resolved to: make a bold"strolje "for" hfe ' ".And here lam" added Mr. Bixby., ,-'" • - Poor Matilda; crediting every word of his' abominable falsehood, again embraced him. ... <•' And-what must have been your struggles, my .poor wife'?" sighed the the husband: Then Matilda astonished him by an account of her legacy; and conducted him home,: to,the amazement of every one who met them 1 —joy m her eyes and m her .poor, honest •heart. •; . •-- • •• —•.-• •.•-.•••••••...•-• Left alone m his-apartment while the faithful wife prepared beef tea and other restoratives; for,themdmdual;she-had",recently been, in the habit of alluding to '• as " her sainted husband,"Mr. Bixby mdulged m astonishing? fits of silent laughter,, and several tunes re-' peated to himself r ;: v..- : . "Hangitl was there.-ever such a :fool-as; Tilly'" and a tramp who wandered on the; shore-was at the same time overjoyed by thediscovery of a rather-seedy suit of clothes, m the pockets-of which.besides several Teproach-= ful pink notes, signed Rosalie, he found a: Chicago newspaper: in which the enterprising: reporter's account of :Mrs. Bixby's " romantic] history," her good fortune, .and, her. seaside.; mansion had been faithfully copied. ",i !. However, Mrs. Bixby, having a good deal' in her power, was not as often snubbed :m the future as she had been in the past. Her hus-• -band no-longer flirted wlier presence,^^and s considers herself an exceedingly happy rwo-5 man, and is very fond of repeating the story • of Mr. Bixbys adventures, which she-has no? , doubt the whole world believes as thoroughly:, •as she does. "•• - •' ' 