LAW COURTS. SUPREME COURT.-CRIMINAL SITTING. CONSPIRACY CASE. TUESDAY, MAY 2 [Before His Honor Mr. Justice Boucaut.] Jan[?] Barker, William Hicks, Wm. [?] Otto [?] and Bentham Painter Mor[?]-<*> son, were charged with conspiring to [?] the Australian Alliance Assurance Company. The lion. C. Mann, Q.C. (Crown Solicitor), with Mr. J. H. Symon, Q.C., and Mr. Moore for the prosecution; Mr, Pater, with Mr. Linklater, for Barker; Mr. Degenhardt for Du?arry; Mr. H. E. Downer, with Mr. C. C. Kingston, for Dr. Morison. j Mr. Downer said before the case was called on be had to ask for a post ponement of the trial, on the grounds mentioned in an afiidavit by Mr. H. W. Variey. The affidavit referred to the verbatim reporto of the trial published in the daily papers, as well as to paragraphs which were given highly prejudicial to the defen dants, while pictures of the defendants had been given in the Blustrated papers. The afiidavit also contained extracts from articles which were quoted, with the view of showing that they were likely to pre judice the public mind; and these, with the inflamed state of the public mind, would prevent the prisoners from having a fair trial at the present sittings. Apart lrom this it was represented .that the pre cnt charge was intimately connected "with the others, that the jury was composed of residents cither in the city or the suburbs, and that some of the members of the jury had been in court during the previous trial. Mr. Downer cited in support of his application the case of Begina v. Bolan, reported in 2 Moody & Robinson, p. 192, which was a case in which the j grand jury had found a true bill against the j prisoner for murder, and be being brought up to plead, applied to have the case adjourned till the next assizes. An afiidavit was put in showing the excitement against the prisoner at the coroner's inquest; that the local news papers published all the evidence given on that occasion, and had from week to week contained paragraphs highly prejudicial to the prisoner. Baron Parke in giving jndgment in favor of the application had characterised the application as novel, and said that the case could not be regarded as a precedent The affidavit, according to the learned baron, disclosed facts which satisfied him that the prisoner could hardly be expected to have a fair trial at those assizes. The publication of the evidence given before the coroner was in itaetf highly improper, and could have been, made the ground for an indictment against the publisher; while the baron went on to say that what weighed with him was that if the case were tried at once, owing to the way in which juries were made up, it_ might be tried before persons living in the midst, of this excitement, whereas if it were postponed jurors might be drawn from a distance. Bum Alderson con curred in this judgment, and the trial was poftponed. Mr. Downer went on to say . that the newspapers had from time to time been publishing every detail of the case, for the purpose of giving information which must have had the effect of exciting the public mind. Then the paragraphs which had been given clearly bad reference not only to the past but to the future. Weatherheadwas termed "a Irving ghost whom no doctor ehoold have pawed," and this was evidently pronouncing an opinion upon some of the de fendants, and would tend to create an un favorable impression in the minds of the jury. The term *? gigantic swindle" was also used, and the defendants were spoken of as members of a "gang." It was almost im possible to separate the two cases. The evi dence in one applied to the other, the same witnesses would be otmm—il, and a jury who had been in court and bad heard the whole of these things from first to but would sit in the present trial. Inasmuch as the province of the KagHrii bur was to fimmy every man innocent until he was found to be guilty, bow was it possible for the jury not to be in some way influenced or biassed by the statements made in the news papers referring to this particular case. Mr. Pater said on behalf of Barker he had nodesire to offer any difficulty in the way of a postponement of tie trial, but with a view of showing how strong was the feeling against the defendants he might say that in the pantomime at the Theatre the actors could not refrain from alloding to the present investigations, a proceeding be ventured to characterise as highly improper. If his learned friend assured the court that it would be impossible for his client to-have a fair trial he (Mr. Pater) would not be doing his duty to bis client if he opposed the application. Barker bad been'eonvtcted, and he apprehended the sentence would run from the first day of the sittings, so that no injustice would be done to himby a postpone ment. Mr. Degenhardt said on behalf of Du?arry that he did not ?*iiwilr anything which had appeared in the newspapers was likely to prejudice him in the minds of the jury. That being the case he neither sup ported nor objected to the application. He was quite willing that the case should go on. The Crown Solicitor hoped the order would not be made. The case quoted by his learned friend was the only solitary instance in which such an application had been made, and Baron Parke had stated that the case was not to be regarded as aprecedent The two cases in point were entirely different One was a trial tor murder, and before the trial the newspapers had called the accused a murderer, and there was no doubt that the publk mind had been inflamed. With regard to the present trial it was true that the ' evidence in the Police Court had been pub lished in the newspapers, but the papers had been very properly reticent on some matters, and not a single expression of opinion had been given until the ?verdict of the jury pro nounced on Friday last. Then could it be for one moment assumed that the statements in the articles would weigh with a jury more than the soiemn verdict at twelve men who had tried the previous case ? There was no im propriety in the publication of the articles because the writers had carefully abstained, from commenting on the trial until after the verdict had been given. Barker and Du?arry did not wish fora postponement of the trial, and with regard to Morison he pointed out that not a single word had been said in the newspapers which could in the least degree be calculated to prejudice the doctor's case. The members of a jury whose services were required in another case were perfectly en titled to remain in court during the hearing: of the first case, aad sorely when they heard the mmming up of the judge and the verdict that was returned, these things would parry greater weight than any comments made in a newspaper. If the tnal of this case were postponed, that in which the AvtemAnnt* were charged with conspiring to defraud the Colo nial Mutual office would also hare to be post poned, and the great expense to which the prosecution bad already been put would be considerably augmented. The grounds for die application, and the mode in which it was made, deserved some closer consideration. A young gentleman of the name of Variey stated that in his opinion the public mind had been inflamed and prejudiced, and that Dr. Morison could not have a fair trial. He did not know whether this was the gentleman who made himself active in. the other case. He supposed he was a clerk in Mr. Downer's office, and in a case of such importance he thought greater respect would hare been shown to the court if one of the principals engaged in the defence of Dr. Horton had made the afiidavit He under* stood Mr. Variey had only recently returned from Melbourne, and he was little likely to know whether the public mind was inflamed or not He had every confidence that the defendants would have a fair trial, and a postponement—accoeding to the case quoted, which it was admitted was exceptional and be granted if the public excitement were such as to lead to a reasonable supposition that the jury would be deterred from returning a con scientious verdict Mr. Downer replied, and pointed out that references were made in the newspapers to the policy of £5,000 in the Australian Alliance Company, while other things were mentioned pouting to Dr. Morison. He stated that Mr. Variey was one of the attorneys in this case, and it conld surely be no disrespect to the court when a gentleman who was a practi tioner of tine court, made an affidavit His Honor said one of the arguments used by the Crown Solicitor was that if the trial were postponed a large amount of expense would have been incurred, but that did not weigh with him, as the expense incurred in the other case had already had its effect The application was made on behalf of Morison. The other defendants (Du?arry and Barker) did not look seriously upon this matter. Then the Crown Solicitor had properly pointed out that iu a case of such importance the afiidavit ought to be made by the attorney in the case, and not a managing clerk, but that would not weigh with him if he thought Morison's case had been prejudiced. If he felt that the prisoner conld not have a fair trial at the present sessions he would postpone the trial. but he was bound to ay th*t becoujdnot honestly tbelieve that Morison would not have a fair triaL He did not know the circumstances of the fictmw re ferred to, but it was nadoobtedly to be regretted that they bad *ppeared.-He was beond to say that the able writers of the articles in the newspapers might have been* little more particular, and have excluded from the public even the slightest reference to Mormon, bnt be noticed that Morwotfe name bad not been mentioned in any of the articles. Taking all things into considera tion, he was so satisfied that nothing which had transpired would prejudice the case of Dr. Morison that the trial most continue. Mr. Downer intimated that be might find it necessary to challenge some of tne jury, men. Mr. Pater, on behalf of his client, asked that Barker might now have liberty to plead autrefoit convict, and if His Honor should prefer to follow the old practice be would hand in the plea written om parchment. The plea was accordingly handed in. The Crown Solicitor said it would be un mpossible now to go on with the plea of Dot Mr. Pater said the meaning of the plea was that Barker had now been put upon his trial for the same transaction as that which had so long occupied the attention of the coart, and for which he had be&i; foun9 guilty. The Crown Solicitor said the plea of not guilty must be taken off the record, and they must try the plea of autrefoit convict. The plea of not guilty was accordingly withdrawn, and that of a'drcfoit conriet sub stituted. His Honor said if the Crown joined issue on this there must be a preliminary trial, *nd it must go to the jury. Now that the plea was in he must be careful not to say any thing, but it was a nice point. The Crown Solicitor remarked that the point had not escaped the notice of the prose cution. His Honor suggested that he should reserve a special case. Mr. Pater was agreeable to that course being followed. There were three courses open to the Crown—to traverse the plea, to confess, or to abandon the prosecution, as the Crown Solicitor seemed to have done. The Crown Solicitor said be certainly never said that be intended to abandon the prose cution, as he held that there were three eases of conspiracy. After further argument His Honor said this was a pure question of law. Of course if the present offence were amalgamated with the other offence then Mr. Pater would be entitled to a -verdict of not guilty on behalf of his client on this charge. He would reserve Mr. Pater a special cam as the point was one of great importance. Mr. Pater said so satisfied was he with that assurance that he should not take any further part in the trial. The whole of the evidence showed that the charges could not be regarded as separate offences. His Honor remarked that he would reserve a case as to whether he should on the evi dence of Hicks and the evidence generally direct a verdict for the defendant on the plea of autrefoi* convict. __ Mr. Pater—l am sure that it will not be thought I am offering any disrespect to the court when I say that I no longer appear in this case. His Honor—Certainly not. The Crown Solicitor—l don? propose to offer any evidence against Hicks, and I aak that a verdict of not guflty may be returned with respect to him. This was accordingly done. All witnesses were ordered oat of court with the exception of Mr. Gwynne, whom it was intimated might be called. All jurymen not concerned in this case were released from attendance at the court until Thursday morning. * The Crown Solicitor then proceeded to address the jury. He explained very fnHy what would constitute a conspiracy, and reviewed the evidence at some length to show that he would be able to prove, apart from thestatementsof Hicks, the implication of Dr. Morison in tie conspiracy. Tbeexaminationof Weatherbeadbythedoctor at Dorsetta-terrace was adverted to, and -the subsFnoent proceedings betweaildinseif and Hicks leading up to the signing trf the medical report relative to Weafiier head by the doctor were mentioned, and Mr. 25ann pointed out Ibsjx ipnetoer jnonson, wnonaa given tne report, nan. pre viously yw?"fo an <?T*-?iiiwttK*yn {£ West&er; head or not was immaterial. It was suffi cient that he had signed the report, and no matter what las line of de fence might be it would be -shown -that he kid signed a false report, knowing it t< be false. Hicks would prove that Morisou had received £25 for making bis report, ax.d his evidence could be corro borated by them to a certain extent. They would show that the cheque for CSS was cashed at Bickfordfe hotel at Glenelg; that Mr. Bickford lad given as part of the change bis own cheque for 07, and that cheque had been cashed by Dr. Morison. The case against Du?arry was altogether different, but none the less con clusive. It was found necessary by the dnrf conspirators in tke matter to get mine one to take over Weatherhead's policy for £5,000, and they selected Du?arry, who was then Forsytii's partner at Orroroo. Do?arry had admitted m the Police Court, very ass willingly, that he had allowed Ferayth to use his own name, but said that he pot no con sideration for doing so. Sow the prosecu tion would show that Du?arry had received a cheque for £25 upon the joint account of Barker and Forsyth. His Honor—Have yon anything- more than tfiat against Du?arry t The Crown Solicitor—Oh, yes! We have a lot of telegrams passing between Du?arry and Fotsyth. The first of these is from Forsyth, of Orroroo, to Barker, at the Gresham Hotel, and dated September 30, to the following effect: —"Made right Barry; try Colonist Form re turned. Exchange correspondence. Attend transfer. Bxprcisp care. Reborn about Wednesday." &ext; was one from Du?arry to Barker, dated October 1:—" Will boy Colonist. Exchange correspondence. See to transfer at once. Forsyth explained matters to me." The word " colonist" ? was evidently intended for " colonial.*' Then on February 7—and the jury most remember that Weatherhead had died on January 22, and enquiries -were being made in Melbourne—Du?arry wired to For sjth :—" Wfll be at Orroroo all day. (Mr. Downer—"Chopsand tomato sauce. } Has anything else turned up." He {the Crown Solicitor) thought that when they found tbat Du?arry and Forsyth were cartnera, and that Du?arry had accepted a' cheque for £25 from Barker and Fonyth, they might aak the jury to say that those dream stances, coupled with the fact of tike insur ance policy having been made over to Du?arry, brought home to him the guilt of having been concerned in the conspiracy. Algernon Sydney Clark, agent in Adelaide for the Australian Aii;?^^? Company, pro duced an application for a policy ofinsunace for £^000, purporting to be signed by David WeaUterhesd, and two friends' reports pur- Pol?* *? >?e signed respectively by de> fendants Barker and Forsyth. Dr. Moristft was the medical referee. [The personal state ment and the medical report were here produced.] The doctor received £1 Is. as his fee and gave the receipt produced, dated December 2L There was an agent's report on the proposal signed wm. wfl*^ [Friend*' report from Daniel Ferguson and J. I*u3voght- were produced.] The proposal was accepted and the policy issued. Witness said further—Received the following letter from Dr. Morison in answer to a communication from our office:— " Glenelg, February S, 18S2. Dear Sir—Re ceived your letter with respect to Hicks. I have no idea where he is, as X have not seen or heard of him for months. The but tame I saw him he told me he had left the Mutual Insurance Company and was going to Mel bourne to study. If I hear of him I will send you his address. His father lives somewhere at Norwood. . . . ." By Mr. Kingston—l signed the informa tion in the court below, and have given in structions for this prosecution. I have known Hicks since receiving the proposal for the in surance of Weatherhead's life. I have not formed a high opinion of him, but one quite the reverse. lam not sure whether I would believe him on bis oath; it would depend upon what he said. I recognise him as one of the prime movers in this conspiracy. I dont think I have expressed a wish to ruin the doctors. My desire was to bring all those who were guilty to justice. I was ad vised that without the assistance of Hicks a conviction against the doctors was doubtful. Hicks received a commission on 'Weather head's policy, and our firm also received one. The fee is payable to the doctor whether the i proposal is accepted or not It is paid for the examination. lam not aware of having any \aluable statistics as to mortality. I dont> ki,ow much about this subject I have no i owledge of mortality tables nor of the crcentage of deaths from consumption v ithin a short time of the issuing of policies. think the conversation I had with Dr Morison about Hicks took place * day or two . fter the first case was heard in the Palice Court. On second thoughts I think it must have been before this time. We attach con siderable importance to friends' reports, and the company would be guided to a consider able extent by what hadbeen done by other re spectable companies. -I know of acasein which a life has been accepted by our office and re jected by others. My own life was accepted by our office, and rejected by other officis. Dr. Charles dark examined me for our office. Dr. Moore for the Royal, and Dr. Gpsse for the Colonial Mutual. I was re jected by the two hitter companies. Believe Hicks'a father is living at Norwood. By Mr. Degenhardt—l do not kuow Du?arry except in connection wiUi this case I had a communication which professed to come from Du?arry through his solicitor of the notice of the death of Weatherhead. He has never paid any premiums. Re- examined—We attach importance to the doctor's report. We certainly would not accept a proposal for insurance on the friends'' report without a. satisfactory, doctor's n-|?n. Hicks received his commission a; b'?,ker; ours was received as agents. I saw Hicks somewhere between October 11 and 14 with reference to the completion of the policy. He professed to have had a telegram from the Bum indicating that if the life were not accepted it might go off, or words to that effect. I replied that the matter was awaiting a decision on Melbourne, and Hicks replied " Oh, well ietlt go on," or something like that. I think the same day we either wired or wrote to Melbourne. By Mr. Kingston—l saw a paper in Hicks' hand. I understood from Hicks that the pro poser did not want the policy to proceed.. I j also appreciated the fact that my commUsion was in danger, aud that fact induced subse quent and immediate action on my part. I cannot say the result of that action was the saving of my commission. I dont think I said to Hicks that I would re port that everything was satisfactory. lam not sure. The premium had already been paid. Hicks was entitled to his commission supposing the transaction was completed; the ' affair looked perfectly satisfactory, excepting for the absence of Weatherhead, and the idea X conveyed to Hicks was that we should com plete the business. I believe all the friends 1 reports were then in, but I won't swear it. I believe the interview took place on Saturday, . and that the date was the 12th. Angas Gumming, clerk in the telegraph department, Melbourne, produced a number of telegrams from the Melbourne office, which were produced in the previous case. Thomas Irwin, clerk in the telegraph de partment, Adelaide, produced a number of paginal telegrams previously in court, as well asthosefollowing:—September 20. To Dr. Morison —"Can you come next train; three certain? Reply. Wo. Hicks."—September 20\. To Dr. jftorison—" Please reply, as I am waiting with cases. Wa Hicks. —Sep tember 20. To Wm. Hicks—" Cannot come. Dr. Morison."—September 2L To Wm. Hicks—"Shall not be at home at that time. In town. B. P. Morison."—October L To James Barker—"Will buy colonist. Ex change correspondence. See to transfer at once. Forsyth explained matters to me. O. Dji?arry."—October 7. To Wm. Hicks, care Dr. Morison—"Shall leave here for Glenelg 4J3Q trains Wait for as. James Barker."— October 20. To J. Landvogtat—" Telegraph what time you can meet me this afternoon. Wm. Hicks."— November L To James Barker —" Will go and see him to-night.' If I dont see yon will telegraph. B. B. Mori son."—November S. To James Barker— ?'Meet me at the hotel at half-past 2. Most important. If you cannot come send Forsyth. B. B. Morison.''—September 7. To Wm. FoEroth —"Will be Vrronoo all day. Has anything fresh turned up ? O. Du?arry." James Herring, secretary of the Australian M"*"?1 Provident Society, was called to identify the writing of Barker and Hides to various documents produced, and to produce the documents relative to the death of Weatherhead sent to the insurance By Mr. Downer—Barker had been in our esnploy eight or ten years, was I believe gene raUy respected, and had the confidence of our office. Insurance offices place great reliance on friends' reports. There is keen competition in insurance onsiness. I have had experience in Oat business for the last ten years. I cannot say that the mortality in the first year or beyond the first year of insurance in cases 0[ j^Mtmfinp^fffigi ]s somewhere 10 per cent. I have known Hicks for some time. It all depends span what he said as to whether I AonM believe hbn on his oath. * * Samuel Sunmscs, M nii>>7" >T*vlf >nl' of the money-oider department of the Post-Office, prodnced five applications for money-orders, ?toady produced in Che other triaL James Bailey, ledger-keeper at the Bank of South Australia, deposed to the fact of a joint account being opened at the bank by Barker and Forsyth, to its being closed on March 20 by a cheque being drawn, and to one of the transactions on the joint account being a draft on Melbourne for £125. In answer to Mr, Degenhardt, the witness said lie should certainly not say a telegram bearing tike signature of Du?arry and ai?tber,W.Forsyth,were written by the same ?M??nn. The Crown Solicitor said he had no loobt they were both signed by Forsytfc, and Mr. Degenhardt expressed himself satisfied mrjOt tf-> rTplarmtiff Joseph Comgrswe, clerk in the Post- Office, said—l saw the notice' of aimifnmmt of a policy produced signed by David Weather houaitMra.Blair's house, Doraetta-terrace, in the begmmne of October. I went to Donetta-terrace wifli Barker. I also wit nessed Weatherhead's signature to the assign ment ft"3*- That was die only occasion on rbieblsawhim. By Mr. Downer—He wrote his name freely bo far as I remember. Adam Adamson, accountant, gave evidence u to the signatures of Forsyth on several cheoues prenonsb/ produced, and on one dated September 23 for the sum of £1 Is., cn oaned^M. Foxf the endorsement of Du?arry on another cheque, and the sigxa tores of Forsyth, disguised or otherwise^n several telegrams, that referred to by Mr. Defennardt being believed by the witness to haw been written by Forsyth, although Bumed"O. Du?arry." The terrain asking "Has anyfliing fresh torned up?" bore Du?arry's aignatnre. The signatures at ttie back of theOrtoit Steamdiip Conmany's passenger tickets were in Forsyth s hand *Henfy Measday, bootmaker, of Glenelg, anS^Setary of two Oddfellows'lodgw of which Dr. Morison is the doctor, identified the handwriting of the doctor on various documents produced in court, including the pinJi^t and the cheque drawn by Mr. B?ckfordfor£l7. rtv Mr. Kingston—l hare known Dr. j Monson ever since he has been in the colony, imitoing Oat time his reputation for integrity bis been undoubted. Mortimer Mnirhead, solicitor, idoitified doenments forwarded from his office toi tte Anstralian Mutual Provident ftese doenments being declarations of the ( deaftof Weatherheadandtheas?ignmentofa i policy by Weatherhead. Beceived mstruc ti?won September 19 to prepare tt* deed, Wank, anTon October6 David Weatherhead's name was inserted, and Barker took the deed away, returning on the Stowing day with the deedbearingWeather. bead's signature. By Mr. Kingston - I registered the docu- ment under the bill of sale form. The court at 4.45 p.m. adjourned till the following morning. 