DIRTY BANKNOTES. TO THE EDITOR. Sir—Some time back a correspondent writing to your paper called attention to the nlthy condition of the banknotes issued by Adelaide Banks, with the result that for a short time the most objectionable notes were withdrawn; but matters now, however, have been allowed to drift back to the former state, and the public have the pleasure (?) of handling notes which if boiled down would make a pig give up the ghost. Is there no remedy to prevent the circulation of these filthy notes? Must the public submit, while Bank shareholders reap the benefit of dividends through the apatliy of the public in allowing these veritable plague-spots to be circulated in our houses and places of business ? I am, Sir, &c.;, MAEIXE BOARD.—This Board met on Thursday morning. They recommended that no more money should be spent on the old .jetty at Wallaroo, which was unsafe for large vessels to use. They approved of improvements being made to the Troubridge Lighthouse to the extent of £4.000 or £5,000. There will be no alteration in the site of the structure. An extremely satisfactory report was given respecting the Port kerosine beacons, which have burned without fail throughout the winter. A telegram from Newcastle stated that the Birksgate searched Hogan's Island in consequence of seeing a light exhibited, but they found no one there. The Port Pirie uilots asked the Board to render pilotage compulsory there, but the application was not entertained. Captain McCcy severely condemned the new Marine Board Act, and said if it were strictly enforced it would shut up the trade of the Port. It had already led to the dismissal of good and faithful Officers in the coastiug trade because they were uncertificated. He added that there were frightfully objectionable clauses in the Act, to which objections were made before it was passed. Mr. Glyde deprecated the Board taking notice of unofficial complaints, and urged that the Act should have a fair trial without tannin" the fiame of opposition to it. In another portion of the proceedings L-aptaia McCoy, in referring to tiie same matter, was very caustic on the relations of the Board to the Government-. He said they were a Board of Advice, whose aa\ice *vas either uot solicited, or if offered never taken. Some of his fellowmembers condoled with him, because the powers that be could uot be made to see eye to eye with him in the ra-Jical alterations he would effect. AS" ABF.RFOYLE TIN-MIM.XG COMPANY, TA MAMA.—Attention is called to the dis lay of Tin Ore now l.elnpr exhibited in the window of Mr. Hugo Fischer, King 'William-street. This ore was raised 1 y Captain Per.berthy, who was sent by a South £nvtralian proprietary to report on the Absrfoyle Mine. 215-8 ANTI-HUMBUG. 