One advantage of party journalism is that the vigilant hound keeps an eye on the wily fox. There is no opportu nity for the marauding animal to ab stract unseen and unexposed a single feather from the pretentious peacock or the strutting chanticleer - of the well guarded yard. If the mutual jealousy of the different species of the common genus did not insure an occasional howl of danger or yell of defiance, the in stinct of corapulaory obedience, — or de voiion to the feeding hand would do it. Neither the discharge of a recognised duty nor the useful exercise of a natural function is always the result of an enlightened and honourable conscien tiousness ; there may be secret and sel fish motives operating in the mind of the active agent. The faithful foxhound may be devoted to his owner solely for the sake of, or in gratitude for, his meals. Neither the gay plumage of the peacock, nor the plump flesh of the turkey nor of the Cochin China rooster would much influence his vigilance or zeal ; but the instinct of antagonism to the fox, or of gratitude or subservience to his master, gives fleetness to his limbs, keenness of scent to his nose, and edge to his teeth, when his acute ear catches the soft footfall of the stealthy fox in the fowl yard. He guards his master's property out of respect for the sleekness of his own respectable skin. He is kept to serve liis master's ends. If turned loose, he might himself play the part of the fox. It would sometimes seem as though the twin objects of journalism were to attack or defend the character of public men. Such men are either Buspicious or fearful of the approach of foxes. Whether this arise from a per sonal condition which suggests a relish to the vulpine appetite, or from a suspicion growing out of a personal consciousness of ferocity, we are unable to say. But the official mind seems to recognise the duty of guarding the precincts of the ofiSce by vigilant and vociferouB watch-dogs. Presumably a man feels himself secure in proportion to his precautions for safety. He does Mb work light-heartedly when the doorway of his scene of official action is securely guarded. Before the tone of defamation can reach his ears it will be drowned by the vehement protests of the baying watch-dogs. The more secret and less reputable his official action may be the more necessary is it that it be well taken care of. Changing our metaphor with a view to dropping; it we may ask — What avocation can be more honourable or dignified than that of the caretaker who sys tematically scatters lavender over the official reputation of hiB ardently admired patrons ? HiB pockets are full of the aromatic herb. To his care is entrusted the most precious of treasures. He has to wipe off aspersion, counteract the poison of envy and the taint of malice. He carries fragrance about with him ; he suffuses with it the at mosphere of the Ministerial office, as well as the legislative chamber. What an invaluable lackey he is ! But why should the official reputation need so much lavender ? ' Good wine ffieedsnobash.' A sound and wholesome reputation needs no advertisement ; it will exhibit its own good qualities, testify to ita own worth, and work its own way. The brand of the mint may alter tho denomination of the gold, but it alters not its intrinsic value or quality. It only gives it a currency value. That is what the encomiums of interested panegyrists nre intended to do for the detracted reputations of public men — give them a currency value. The friction and batter of constant use will deteriorate at least the beauty of a golden se/Vepoi n- ' But ? I is a nU'rliNg until ]STo more 'rlctlou r,t- malignant abuse really damage a C0T1Uine reputation. Siuie tempiir:' 4,_ injury ' may result !rtmi detnmnt' ^ jjU(. sterling character moslly sur -5ve8 ^le Bp0liation of its pxh'instc . adornments. The moult tug Peacock is a peacock still ; his beaiVCy will return by and by. Ho need' parade the barn-yard, making 'lamentations over the evil' fate that lias overtaken him. It is better to be calmly self-conscious of worth than to wailingly betray a sense of shame. It is true that over' sensitiveness may be less a sign of culpability than of in firmity ; but it may be unwise to expose the infirmity to the exultant scorn of detractors and villifiers ; it certainly iB unwise to manifest excessive eagerness for exculpation from undeserved obloquy. The antidote seldom reaches aa far as the poison ; while anxiety .about the effect of the poison might betray a cowardice of spirit or con sciousness of danger which would be injudicious and impolitic. When con science makes a man a coward, he will, perhaps he prudently ought to, enlist the valour of his defenders. He who has neitlipr nerve nor skill to fight his own battles may employ retainers to fight for him. But the better man is he who can wield his own weapon in his own worthy defence. Whither does all this tend ? To the re cent frequent vindications accorded to sundry ministerial reputations in re cognised Government organs. Now and again some bold Opposition or in dependent journalist has the impudent temerity to cast mild imputations on the political character and proceedings of certain Crown Ministers. This is a beinou9 offence. In one notable instance it was regarded as so wicked and in tolerable that it was submitted to the arbitrament of a jury. The result was so unsatisfactory that henceforth resort was had to another method of vindica tion, redress, and retaliation. Exeunt Law. Enter Press : The Ministers of this day own a journal. All the rest is easy. It appears to be a matter of profound amazement to Ministerial apologists that any critic, however honest in action :or purpose, should presume to pass an adverse opinion on any phase of execu tive administration, or on the quality of an individual official or private act of Ministers. These apologists forget, seemingly, that the official conduct of public men is a matter of public in terest. . Such men are directly and pro perly amenable to public criticism. The way to avoid unpleasant criticism is to act discreetly and circumspectly, avoiding all action that would bear the interpre tation of unfaithfulness to patriotic trust and duty. When by specified actB men are accused of using official position for private ends, abuse of the accusers by interested advocates does not remove the stigma. Every public man is liable to misrepresentation ; and detraction intensifies in bitterness when it flows from an envious or malicious source. A disappointed place-hunter being irritated may become vindictive ; but all censors of public men are not disappointed place-hunters ; and all re ferences to official action should not be set down to envy or vindictiveness. When animadversion is general, there i'b mostly more or lesB fact on which it iB based. However thickly paint may be laid on defective woodwork, time and weather will again reveal the weak spota. What an amount of vigorous work has been performed in attempts to disabuse the public mind of the notion that the Hon. P. Perkikb has, presently or prospectively, directly or indirectly, any in terest in the newest syndicate for making railways on the land grant system. Allowing full force to the emphatic repudiation of the honourable gentleman's complicity in that specula tive project, is there not in his specula tive proclivity some justification for the suspicion ? We are glad that his sensi tive honour quickly resents that particu lar imputation. It is a good sigh. But the exonerating organ may pursue its task. If suspicion in one case be vehemently denounced or plausibly re buked, another case soon occurB to rouse freBh suspicion. We may expect now to hear angry repudiation of the statement in a Charters Towers paper that Mr. Macrossan has become a large investor in western land ; also a denial of the Mackay Mercury's statement that ' an inspection of the Land Office book at Mackay ' reveals the fact that ' an influential company, including such names aB the Hons. B. D. Mobehead, P. Pebkins, and other prominent wealthy and influential politicians are making application for a large tract of country on the Hamilton.' Thhatuk Royal. — On Friday a new season will commence at the theatre, with a company some of the members of whioh are new to Brisbane, while othem are old favourites, A first appearance will be that of Miss Marston Leigh, who is spoken of well by the southern papers. Then that prince of burlesque actors, Mr. John Hull will be seen and heard, and Mr. Jura' s Garden, a sterling actor, will appeari after a lapse of ten years. The first production by the now company will be the very interest ing play, ' The Wifo's Secret,' in which Mr. and IUr«. Charles Kean made one of thtir earliest appearances. Phm-ek's Bciexoi Lectures. _ Professor Pepper delivered tho fifth and last of his series of scienco leotnres at the Albert Hall last night, rhesubjeotlof the lecture was ' I -fe, Health, and Disease,' and it was treated in Buch a manner as to mako tho lecture as instructive as it was interesting. If Professor Pepper's suggestion? as regards cleanliness and ventilation were striotly followed there wonld be few cases for doctors ontside debility and decay arising from old age, ngninst which there is no specific. To night Professor Pepper will commence a series of purely popular entertainments, having, so to to speak, nothing uoiontifio about them. There are eight items in to-night's entertainment, in cluding the famous Pepper ghost, which will be seen to much greater advantage on the roomy stage of tho Albert Hall than in the room in whioh it was previously exhibited. There will be electrical experiments, the Crawling Demons Pygmalion and Galatai, dissolving views, Brown and the Bear, and the Dancing Skele ton ; the whole concluding with the ' Haunted Barber.' 