MELBOURNE SPORTING NEWS. [By Telegraph.] Melbourne, September 23. Tlie following scratcliings were posted to day :— Melbourne Cup — Waxworks. Caulfield Cup — Crusader. HuntClubBleetingFlatUace —The Ghost, Belladrum, Assyrian. Flying Stakes— liaplaudcr,St.Lawrence. HurdleKaee — Trevallyn. Selling Bace— Doctor. All en gagements, Liord of Clyde, .Edith, Borderman. * ^i^v^v%.i«v\,i11o IFtMQ«- -Rnvii, RQiAnam anil Kl-A-»Ir_ ? t ? ??» ? 'T)t -T1 r — r LLj .^Mt.\r. iwn^ wu.-.wvwwu dale arrived to-day in excellent order, and weic at once taken to Davis's stable at Ken sington. Ivory's string is expected to arrive to-morrow. Segenhoe and the rest of Fennclly's lot will arrive to-morrow afternoon from Sjdney. Mona^ban'd horses are also expected. Sincethequotationsof yesterday the prices have not altered much, Santa Claus and Lord Burghley being backed for the Caul field Cup at 1C0 to 4. For the Guineas CJuessswork and Fryingpan received support at 4 to 1. and Hecla at 5 to 1. Ouunamuila's price for the Cup has hardened to S to 1, Backers at 10 to 1 being plentiful. Melbourne, October 2. Sir T. Elder's horses arrived by the Vic torian to-day in good order under the charge of Mr. Dakin. At the Hunt Club meeting on Saturday Frank Leng, the trainer, foolishly scratched Van Troinp without the consent of Mr. Weekes, his owner. Mr. Weekes had the mis take rectified in time, and complained to the committee, who disqualified Leng for three months, he having aggravated hia original offence by insulting several of the committee whilst the winner of the Selling Race was being sold. In-betting operations for the Caul-' iield Guineas Fryingoan was backed at 4 to 1, and the Assyrian found backers at 100 to 7 for the Cauliield Cup. Scratchings for the Y.A.T.C. meeting: — GreatFoaiStakes— The Sylphcolts. Caultieid Cup — Fandango, Lord Clifton, Anuandale. For tbe V.K.C. meeting :— Melbourne Cup Fandango, Lord Clifton, and Crazy Jane. Melbourne, October 3. The latest seratehings are Lavinia, Phorcus, and the Gem for the Cauliield Cup. There 13 wrr little dsJ2.g is-bettine. Guesswork ia cow at 4 to 1 for the Caulfield Guineas, tile same price as Hecla and Fryingpan. For the Cauliield Cup Fryingpan is in good demand at 100 to 4, and Prattle at a 100 to 5. The Assyrian ia hardening 'at 100 to S ; Darebin a trifle easier. Melbourne, October 4: Great preparations are being made for the opening of the racing campaign of 1882, at Caulfield on Saturday. Visitors are arriv ing from all quarters, and among, the latest ariivals at Flemington are the teams of Messrs. W. E. Dakin, E. DeMestre, T. Ivory, and M. Fennelly. Training operations are watched with keen interest, and this morning [ Guesswork quite cleetrilied the touts by per forming the fastest mile gallop seen at I Flemington this season. He ran the first ! half of the journey in 54 sec, and the hist in j 52 sec, thus recording one forty-six for the u «J;e!e distance : he compassed the last seven ! furlongs in one thirty-two and a hair, Wafcir j takes precedence as the best go I have' witnessed during my ten years' experience of the Flemington tracks. It is only fair to say that Guesswork carried a light weight i and shaved the posts all round, still it was a i great performance, and quite captivated the ! touts both amateur and professional. On the i opening of Bowes' rooms at noon there was a ! g i c at desire to back him, his price eventually thtittuing from 5 to 1 to 3 to 1. 4 to 1 is ob iainable about either Fryingpan or Hecla, both of which have been well supported. The Assyrian remains firm for the Caulfield Cup at 12 to L 100 to 35 ia offered about Navigator for the Derby. Segenhoe remains firm at 6 to 1 taken. Eights are offered against Gueeswork, and 10 to 1 Fryingpan. Scratching*1. — Melbourne Cup — Martin? -lale, Cetewayo. V.C.H. Meeting— Findon. Harriers' Cup— Gaffer Giey, Hurricane. Hurdles — Hieroghlyph. Latest Betting.— Caulfield Guineas— 4 to 1 Hecla, Frying pan, Guesswork; 6 Transferred. Caul Held Cop — 100 to -8 Assyrian; 5 Prattle; Darebin. Fryin.epan; 4 Doug^aston, Santa Claus, Sardonyx ; 3 Guesswork, Creswiek, Trevallvn, Gudarz, Liberator, Sir Joseph, Canary* Marybyrnong Plate — 10D to li) Narfna, 5 Warwick, Aberfoyle, Middlen.Areh Statesman. Derby— 100 to 35 Navigator, 18 Segenhoe, 12 Guesswork. Fryingpan ; 0 Prometheus, King of Vale, Transferred, CaJma. Cup— 100 to i2Cannamulla,9 Sweet WiUiain, G Sting, 5 Drummer ; 4 Gem, Here ford Bay, Navigator, Sylvanus, Belmont ; o PoSlio, Czar, l£iag of Vale; 