A PRACTICAL JOKE AND ITS KESVLTS. A most remarkable case of insanity, result ing from a pratical joke, has just came to light in the cify of Yonngstown, Ohio. living about two miles from the town is a family by the name of Waters. They are all well-to-do, plain country people, who enjoy tberczpect of ail their neighbours, and have a large circle of friends and relatives. The family consists of Mr. and Mrs. Waters, now well advanced in years ; two fine-appearing and sensible daughters, both grown ; and one son named Henry who is a handsome, manly young fellow of 23, whose pleasant face haa nude him many friends. Henry had been brought up on the farm, and his experience beyond the limits of hishome and the nerghbouringtowna has been restricted tp a single visit to Cleveland at the timeof the Garfield, obsequies. He was much given to reading light literature of the blood- and -thunder kind, and his associates say he was very superstitious, and had at various times expressed himself as believing in spirits and their vision ed terrors. In fact, these strange fantasies dhad bo ' worked upon his simple nature tiiat Jie always slept with a luge old fashioned Golt's revolver at tbe head of his -bed,- Where he could place his hand npoffit in an instant. Knowing his weakness, some of tbe neighbourhood boys planned, in the best ofTiuihour, a'schemeto frighten him with a make believe gbost at midnight's evil hour. A night was set for tbe perpetration of the joke, and daring the afternoon one of the young men carefully drew all tbe bullets from Henry's pistol, leaving the powder in each cartridge undisturbed, and placed the weapon back in its accustomed place. Henry retired as usual at half-past right, and about midnight, just as the moon was throwing a dim ray of light across the floor, one of the boys, clad in ghostly attire, stealthily entered the room, end stood with outstretched arms, slowly mnttering unintelligible sentences. With an awakening tremor, -Henry convul sively grasped his revolver and sat upright in bed dumb throngh fear. Theghost advanced a step, the mutte rings continued, till Henry, wrought up to almost a frenzy, drew to an sum the weapon he supposed was charged with death, and, stammered, "If you are a man, I ahall loll you ; if yon are a ghost this wont hurt you" j and with that the loud re- 1 port of his pistol staitied the nighf s stillness. There was a quick motion of the shrouded arm, and the bullet was thrown back, striking the headboard at Henry's ride. This sent a coldrin'I through his frame, bat a second timehe took deliberate aim at the figure and fired. Again a motion as if catching the build, "ana it was thrown back upon the bed. Almost paralysed with fear, Henry fired a third, a fourth, and a fifth shot, only to have the bullets hurled back with noiselees motion from the ghostiy figure. Then, for a brief moment,, he sat as if transfignred, gating with mute bewilderment, when, with a wild shriek of terror, he fired the last blank partridge and hnried the pistol the ghost- - With a merry laugh the ghostly Visitor threw off his flowing garments and. through the door came those wno had -gathered without to join in the sport, -when to their horror, they saw depicted on the face of Henry an expression whirh told the sad story that their joke had, aim! been too well played. His mind conld not '-Stand %he retrain. He was a raving maniac. The saddest part of the story is that, although several weeks have elapsed eroce youhg Waters was frightened, he has qot shown thp least eigpsof returning sanity ; and, white not violent, is constantly riuieking oat and pojnting to imaginary ghosts. It is a sad story, and a frightful warning to practii cai, jokers. - ; ' - . " . ', f 