INSOLVENCY PROCEEDINGS. NEW INSOLVENTS. May 9.-George Clack, of Taralga, carrier. Lia- bilities, .£148 3a lid. Assets, £3. Mr. Stephen, offi- cial assignee. , 9.-Benjamin Little Bayley and David Thom, of Burwood, drapers, on petition and affidavit. Sche- dule and statement to be filed on or before 19th May, Mr. Lloyd, official assignee. 9,-Jane Alicia Rowley, of Berrima, widow. Lia- bilities, ¿27 Is 6d. Assets, £7. Mr. Lyons, official assignee. 10.-William Gaydon, of William-street, Sydney, saddler, on petition arm affidavit. Mr. Bandsman, official assignee. Dr. Mary Walker says she Is determined to hold on until she tires the country into recognizing her claims. All she's got to do is to live for a couple of hundred years. Milwaukee is still tiokled over the fact that she l8 the windiest city in the United States. She doesn't have to keep a dish-cloth out on the line all the week to dry it. It is with happiness as with watches ; the less com'1 plicated the less easily deranged. ." ...AL .^."J Ais* «t vi :u^w -.«>.?*>* A^r.'^Sne»' - "e able to . wei. *.< , courage, and ""1. access. There .t^o SIi»l7^n mooted here , Lv T^Ä?'' children are un -B,,i a -i-Tiûlir <VÍBable that they &1 Suit wjr iby^hilBt indisposed. '., Gold-«*ne>bjii.'l>J.*a are, a certificate . "'r.^!l:i.i'-cR.t-1'uu'- *.tne question, how then is ;^^l>¿0!íBttíed ? The child is absent from fprf^1*'* "I'ciibol, and^the parents are annoyed by . *"¿he attendance officer's intrusion. Musteach parent keep a register of the child's attend- ance at school, and, if this be done, will the attendance officer be satisfied P Already one hears of murmurs concerning the way in which some of the attendance officers fulfil their duties, and it is certain that unless more discreet than they have been, disturbances will occur. No man likes to be bot iced by a étranger in his own home, and few care to have their family arrangements interfered with by an outsider. Where a family is known to per- sistently and wilfully neglect the education of their children, the law is justified in stepping in on their behalf ; but that any man, whether appointed by Government or no, should enter a private house and dictate and threaten with legal proceedings those who are perfectly willing and competent to regulate the education of their own children is beyond endurance. Oakendale, May 11,1882. CASSILIS A slight spring has been the result of the late rains. Another drop would start pretty fairly the Scotch thistle, which would sustain the lives of the different sorts of stock until the advent of a more propitious season. On Saturday last the second struggle for cricketing honours between Collaroy and Cassilis Clubs took place. The laurels were won easily by the Cassilis men, whA ^om plete'y ' vanquished their opponents. YP1-*, was a great boil over, and not m the^fo ?. anticipated.' The respected captairT^teast Collyrundiaans, Mr. B. Towers, J» ' ?f the (little skirmishers up the street J-1«8 ë?J Way, whistling " "We come to ccc*bout mld !*¿4ii¿Ií ojiiRJllJiave been ,A<luer or to, die7^**in ?B^Syg5a^^^^ ? How proud we are, h Tw fond to sho«fiBg?*A'heir features discovered the sure mdicee/Kjiheir conscious- ness of coming victory ; their placid smileB, and patronizing aire, their jeu d' esprits and Bide winks further strengthened the observers' belief. Their Bleek sang pur Arabs and English bloods-the Sir Walters' and Sir Charles's evidently participated in their graceful masters' notions, as they carried, metaphorically speaking, their heads of fault- less types in nubibus, and pirouetted rather than pranced up the Btreet, after the style of Bonnie Dundee. Ah ! me. The writer hath said Buch are the vicissi- tudes and chances of this mortal life that often, when we have almost reached our coveted goal, our fair haven, does not some overwhelming wave euddenly bear down and carry UB hither and thither ? till euddenly we find ourselves Btranded upon some rock of desolation, with a yawning gulf between it and the golden shore of victory._ The late case furnishes a happy illustration. How- ever, I pass on to the meeting ground, where they met in the fierce encounter. JEneas with TurnuB was ' but a school-boy sport to this. The Collyrundiane were sent in, and got 50 for the ffirst innings. The Cassiliana made believe they strove hard in their first Jb'S ^yétiring for forty-four. Now came the tug of war. Captain Towera then sent in his sqv"vd for the Becond, with Btrict injunc- tions to-il conquer or nobly die. However, they did neither, but lived like sensible men to fight another day. Mr. Paddy and Mr. John Miller took their Btations ; the former gentleman scored 3 and gave up the ghost. Mr- P. Gibbons taking his comrades place, the bowler for the Cassilis team, Mr. John Miller,^ then put on his steam to the highest près- ure, and slew John Miller and Gibbons in a trice. Mr. J. Hockin then filled up the gap, but got his quietUB iristáñter. W. Gibbons next popped in, bristling with fierce indignation. Miller put his shot through him at once, and popped him out. Mr. J. Han- mer seized the weapon, and before he could whirl it fell mortally wounded. Mr. 3?. Bramner, the captain, and Mr. Lee retired respectively in quick succession for one each. Mr. Lequesne and Mr. Mcintyre were the last in the field, but the panic had told its tale. A couple of ehote quickly placed them hora de comlat, and all retired for 7. Each of the defeated gentle- men by this time, if divested of hiB hir- sute, or his downy substances, as the case may be, would have formed a splendid picture of Niobe in her grief of her slaugh- tered ones. The Cassilis lads then went in, and quickly got 14, with the greatest ease, and 6 wickets to spare. Thus ended the great cricket battle between the two clubs. Great interest will forthwith be manifested in their third meet for supremacy. The Col lyrundians could not have been in their own proper case ; they had to undergo too many hostilities lately in Bheep hunting, on jaded horses, coupled with perhaps a rather too eevere training under the hands of their cap- tain. Our boys went in for hop bitters and rump steaks ; the sequence was success. ' Appended are the scoreB : COLLAUOY. Ftrst Innings. M. Faddy, b. A, Bragget. 15 J. Miller, b. A. Braggett. 4 F. Gibbon, ç. Thompson, b. W. Miller. 6 J, Hocken, run out.,.......i.<. G 'id Innings. 50 . 3 . 0 . 0 b. W. Miller. 0 .'get. 0 T, b.W. Miller. I Miller. 1 i&et.; 1 -. 1 \>i7 W:..b;..A;Brflgßet. °0 fe roü'áiisiy.r.'.'."'.'.'.'.!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i __ $**"». 7 ^^ ' j'' i CASSILIS. 54f ' V First Innings. *JD4.:V "i-M. Parry, b.W. Gibbon . 1 iwj.'. _ run out. 0 ZV£'--~>'ë- F- Gobons, b. M. Parry . 9 [mi _oCett, b. W. Gibbon». 4 * . -«aggett, c. II. Lesquesnr, b M. Paddy. 8 fb Piper, C. W. Gibbous, b. M. Paddy . 0 ¿v. Harpur, b. M. Faddy.'" 3 '<'. 8, Atkinson, b. J. Miller. 13 J. H. Thompson, b. M. Paddy. 1 B. Saunders, c. W. Gibbons, b. J. Miller. 0 T. Walker, not out. O Byej, 3; leg-bje, 1..'.'.' 4 Total. 43 Second Innings. T. Walker, b. J. Miller. 1 E. Saunders, b, M. Faddy..-.,.. 2 B. Braggett not out. 6 W. Miller, c. Hanmer, b. J. Miller. 5 A. BMggett, hit wicket, b. J. Miller. 0 B. J. Atkinson, not out. 1 Leg-bye. 1 Total. 15 POLICE BUSINESS. (Before their worships W. F. Parker, Esq., P.M., and O. Saunders, Esq., J.P.) "WAGES CASE.-Ah Sam v. A. M'Donald for 39a lOd ; verdict for plaintiff. Mr. Saunders then retired, being plaintiff in next case. Harry Hill appeared on summons for stealing 6 wedgeB, the property of Mr. O. Saunders.-Constable Lorry deposed : I am a police officer, stationed at Cassilis; last February I noticed some gads of peculiar shape at the new courthouse building ; Tues- day last, on going into Hills and Lawman's workshop, I noticed some gads ; I took one quietly to Mr. Saunders who identified it as bis ; on searching the place where they were usually kept I found six were missing; I took the one I had back again to the work- shop ; that night about 11 p.m. I heard Lawman and Hill having an altercation; Lawman said, " I will make it hot for you about those wedges ;" Hill replied, " I am too clever for you, the dirt is now coming out" ; next day witneggtafccompanied Mr. Saunders with a search .. arrant but could not succeed in getting an^of the gads, they were non est.-O. Saire pJ^eposed he was a 'magistrate of the ter' -cio -.«ip^tiractor ; he sent to Maitland,. « itory and con«s - gads; whenthe^/ßecember last, .^Iora .-^ltí'uUtX'v,ia,ne he altered som^ to "pfcCJà ¿-.Carpóse; Lorne brought o^ne him andimmediateiy identified it ; ti produced in court is like one of the ones.-At this stage the P.M. found out,'j that this particular one was not stolen,! that not one of the stolen ones was foun«l. His Worship then said eonstable Lowrie ought to have kept possession of the one taken in the first instance. Mr. O. Saunders gave several other details, but the case evidently was to fall through, since the pro- duction of articles was not likely to be accom- plished. Mr. Lawman .was called next. This witness caused a little amusement when the fire of a cross-examination was kept up by Senior-constable Shan'aghan, who prose- cuted for the Crown. The case fell through. Another case was then called. The par- ticulars will be forthcoming in a future paper. Some few weeks back in your issue con- taining the notification of a petition for the postponement'of 17,000 acres of land, chiefly 1 on Collaroy, caused a great stir. Your correspondent, as agent, took up nearly 2000 acres for Messrs. Stent and Hewitt, of which ' about 15,000 were taken up on Collaroy, and ia well grassed. It is intended for a perma- nent homestead. The circumstance will benefit the district not a little. This land has been surveyed many months, yet no 1 tracing or intimation has yet reached the Cassilis Lands Office. I drop it at that till some future occasion, when I promise you an insight of the working of the Department. OUR PUBLIC SCHOOL.--Through the cour- tesy of Mr. Harpur, I am enabled to give a slight detail of its most satisfactory working under the management of the above-mentioned gentleman. Mr. Harpur is a gentleman possessing a good amount of patience, one of the essentials to the development of the juvenile mind, but at same he has much innate modesty and reticense, which has been pro- vocative of keeping out of sight of the public the progress of his pupils in the various branches of education while under his tuition. On Saturday last I did myself the pleasure of calling on Mr. Harpur, with a view of re- porting in the local paper (the Mercury) the progress, or otherwise of the scholars. I am pleased to say the visit has been a source of gratification to me. From the specimens I saw there were good evidences of the latent ability of the rising generation of Cassilis. To give a full detail of all I saw, would be more than I could conveniently accomplish within the limits of usual correspondence, but will pass on to notice a few of the most prominent executions of some of the pupils. The first on the list is a sketch of a country farm-house by Master H. Byfield, room for much improvement, being a little too heavy ; many better sketches have been traced by the pupil, Mr. Harpur selecting this one not so much on account of its superiority, as to match with others arranged along the wall p'rior to an exhibition which takes place Saturday next. One sketch of this young artist has been forwarded to Maitland show. Coloured map of Spain and Portugal by Alfred Good, aged 12, extremely well done. This map was sent to Sydney Exhibition, and was overlooked or rejected ; if the latter it is difficult to say why. This pupil was under the tuition of Mr. Harpur at C.E. School, Glebe. Annie Scully, pencilled sketch of a Castle ; deserves great praise for the rapid progress she has made in (I think) two months. Miss Thereza Parker possesses good taste and a true hand in fancy lettering. Miss E. and Miss Clara Shanaghan's lettering and fancy writing are well worthy of in- spection. If these young ladies persevere and advance as rapidly as they have hitherto done, they may confidently expect to carry off honors at some of the Metropolitan Shows. Their teacher speaks in good terms of them. Miss Mary Everett's ornamental writing was very neatly and precisely exe- cuted. Master Rowland Parker, for fancy lettering and shaded pencillings exhibits much taste ; a fancy candlestick sketched by him deserves more than a passing praise. Miss Maria Noble's shaded sketches and mapping are very superior ; one a beautiful, but difficult flower, has been transposed to paper, almost equalling in accuracy and shadings the original sketch. Her ornamental writings are executed with a neat, but very firm, hand. I think one of her pieces has been sent to the Maitland Show. I much admired her illuminated writings. Harriet Noble's map of Australia, and her lettering, possesses a good deal of merit. Her teacher says she is not so quick and neat as her sister, but for patience and indomitable pluck stands unrivalled in the school. Master Wm. Braggett's pencil sketch is also worthy of praise. Mr. Harpur speaks flatteringly of his ability in things general. Martha Saun- ders shaded sketching is a subject of ad- miration. Her teacher says she is a young lady of good ability and very persevering. The want of time prevented me making a longer stay, and giving notice to several other children equally deserving. Mr. Harpur then showed me the prizes, fresh from Sydney, some of them very beautiful ones, in fact, the whole parcel is well chosen, and would reflect credit on a more pretentious school in the me- tropolis. Before concluding, I cannot let a noble act go unnoticed, that is the disinter- ested action of Miss Parker. Last year this young lady carried off a prize for her extreme neatness in sewing. This year she has an antagonist every way her equal with whom she may have to divide the honour : to pre- vent that possibility Miss P. has absented herself pro tem. from school, so that the prize (a beautiful workbox) may be wholly con- ceded to her young friend. May every young lady and gentleman emulate Miss Parker's unselfish and praiseworthy conduct through life ; and every time Envy, with his distorted features, appears to them, say to him, " Be- gone, curst wolf; I know you !" That will earn for them a far greater honour than the excelling in fine arts or riches can give. Our P.M. was lately attacked at Cassilis with a slight congestion of the liver, and was in great pain. Mr. O. Saunders very kindly drove him to Merriwa, so as to prevent the possibility of riding on horseback aggra- vating the disease. Mr. Parker has ridden hard of late : last week he went to Denman, Muswellbrook, Scone, Merriwa, thence to Cassilis. This, no doubt, was the cause of the congestion. No doubt under the skilful treat- ment of Dr. Wilson Mr. Parker will soon have recovered.--I must mention that the latter gentleman speaks in the highest terms of Dr. Wilson's skill as a physician and as a sur- geon. The public have had evidences of his undoubted ability. His kindnesses and ex- tremely low charges to those in indigent cir- cumstances, who live at long distances, have given birth to many permanent blessings. May 10, 1882. BRANXTON. 1 POLICE COUHT.-In the p slice Court, on Saturday last. William M'Donald appeared in custody,charged Vn>Ü??1D8 stolen from the premises of James Hatter, of BranxtoA one bridle, and a q entity of liquor, valued inall'Bt-^'3 !&. "From the evidence '.»ken it would apPear that on Friday last M'Donald we^nt to tbe hou^s of prosecutor, and not Unding him' at home wrentibeâ the padlock from off the door' and took 'the briâ!g *n question out of the houaf? and also, whilst in thVhouee, indulged in the 'i-^'ftitual comfort " known as rum. Prisoner deni, d the whole thing, but admitted having tafeen a bridle from prosecutor's verandah, which had been left there by another person, to catch a horse which he bad running in prosecutor's paddock. One witness to a grast extent corroborated this statement. Pined lQs , or seven days in the lockup. The parties in tbis case were old friends, BO this is what comes of taking what is called " French leave."-A hawker's license was granted to Thoa. Lambert, of Oswald. A very severe accident happened here last week. A young man named Doolan, reaident of the town, whilst telling timber in the bush, allowed the axe to slip, when it entered his knee, inflicting a very severe wound. He is under medical treatment, and the poor fellow is likely to remain so tor some The drought bids fair to be very serious. Winter setting in ; pastured next to nothing. In another week (should there bono rain) the bulk of us will have to go to the river, a distauce of three miles, for drinkable water. Thursday, May 11,1882. SINGLETON. BOnOrjGH OO0NCIL. A meeting of this Council took place on Wednes- day evening. Present: TheMuyorandalltheAlder men> . ... The minutes o£ the previous meeting and of an adjourned meeting were read and confirmed. COKHKSPONDBNCK.-Copies of the following let- ters were read:-To Mr. John Tamblyn Hawhay notitving his appointment as Inspector of Nuisances and Biiliff ; to Mr. R. D. Bannister, secretary to the nrooosed Intercolonial Juvenile Industrial Bxhi bition at Sydney, stating that a local com- mittee had buen appointed, comprising the Mayor, Aldermen Loder, Munro, and Burnett, to assist ia collecting exhibits, &a.; ; to Messrs. Wil- liam Watts and A. C. Robinson, giving them permis, sion to lay pipes under the footpath in front of .heir respective premises, under the usual conditions. The tollo icing letters were read: from Mr. R. D. Bannis i tar, conveying the thanks of the committee and offi- cer* of tu» proposed Intercolonial Juvenile Indus- trial Exhibition to the Borough Council, for the interest taken by them in the matter by ap- pointing a local committee, and forwarding a parcel of circulars for distribution, with a further intimation that prize schedules would be sent as soon as they are issued.-Prom Jonathan Jordan, applying for permission to split 1000 palinga on the common to be used for improvements In the town. Prom James Watson, complaining of the Inspector of Nuisances impounding his horse and not placing it in the pound, but in a publichouse yard. The cor- respondence was received on the motion of Alderman Barnett, seconded by Alderman Broou.field. A somewhat lengthy discussion took place on the application made by Jordan to split palings on the common,' It was held that Jordan should hare stated for what property he required the palings whilst several Aldermen were of opinion that these applications to obtain timber from the common sbould be refused in toto. Alderman Parr proposed and Alderman Loder seconded, a motion that per- mission be not granted. An amendment moved by Alderman Munro, and seconded by the Mayor, that the application be granted having been negatived, the mover and seconder only voting for it, the original motion was then put and carried by a majority of seven to two. No action was taken in the mutter of Mr. Watson's complaint. DOCTJMBNTS LAID ON THE TABLE. - The Mayor laid on the table the Government Gazette containing the appointment of John Tamblyn Bawhey as In- spector of Nuisances and Bailiff, and the bond entered into by that officer. THE MAÏOB'B SPECIAL REPOBT.- The Mayor brought up a special report of tbe meeting of rate- payers held on Tuesday, the 2nd instant, previously reported in the Maitland Mercury. The report was received, on the motion of the Mayor, seconded by Alderman Parr. IMPROVEMENT COMMITTEE'S REPOBT.-The first report of this committee was read, recommending that the following streets be kerbed and guttered : George-street from Gipps-street culvert to the boun- dary, Goulburn-street from George to Broughton streets, Market-street from George to High streets, High-street from Market to Goulburn streets, Cambridge-street from George to High streets. Also, that Pitt street be formed and grav- elled from George to Bourke streets, and the same street be gravelled only from Sussex to Church streets, and that the following streets be formed and gravelled-Cistlereagh street from Sussex to Church streets, Bourke street from Castlereagh to Pitt streets, King-street from Bourka to York streets, that a stone crossing be provided m Boundary street at the rear of the R C. Prtsbytery, and that all the main drains be covered over with slabs.-The re- port was received on the motion of Alderman Broom- field, esconded by Alderman Parr, and at a later stage it was adopted on the motion of Alderman Munro, seconded by Alderman Parr. It was subse- quently resolved that tenders be invited at once for the following works-Kerbing and guttering George street from Gipps-street culvert to the boundary ; providing a stone crossing in Boundary street ; cover- ing the main drains with slabs; and drawing gravel for the various streets mentioned in the Improve- ment Committees report -It was understood that the other works mentioned in the Improvement Com- mittees report would be proceeded with subsequently. INSPECTOB OF NUISANCES' REPOBT-The first report of this officer stated that he had summoned four persons for allowing horses and cattle to stray in the streetB of the borougb, all of whom had been convicted ; also, that he had jgiven notice to Messrs. storey and Crago, to abate a nuisance in tbeir yard, but they bad done so only in an imperfect manner The report was seconded on thi- motion of Alderman Munro, seconded by Alderman Burnett. ** COMMON RANGEM,' REPOBT -The report of this officer for the month or April stated that fcO horses and cattle were running on the 1.01s mon on the 30th April last, 76 bead belorgmg to uiepajera and 4 ht-ad to non-ratepajers. Norning had been lost during the month to the bist of his opinion The report was received on the motion of Alderman Broomfield, seconded bj Alderm tu Hooker. IYATKB SoPi'LX FOB SISQLKION - Alderman Bowman pruposed -"That » deputation be ap- pointed, consisting of the Mi>or, Aldermen Loder and B jwman, and John Brown lühq., M P., to wau upon the Minister for Puolic W on»D, and request th it au engineer may be sent io Singleton, to examine the locality and report upon the best means to be adopted for securing an adequate supply of water to the inbabi ante ot that town," Toe mover made a telling speech in favor of steps beiog taken for securing a good supply of wuter for the inhabitants of Singleton, and referred to the successful action taken by other towns. Seve- ral aldeimen expressed their approval of the pro- position, a id thnuked Alderman Bowm 111 for taking step» in the matter Tbe motion was seconded by Alderman Parr, and cirned unanimously. KKCBEAriOI» KhbUlYlt FOU blMGLICTON -The Mayor ina>ed.-' luat a deputation bo appointed, consisting of the Mayor, Aldermen Loder and Bow- man, und John Brown, hsq , M f , to wait upon the Colonial äecretury,requesting that BBU m of money may be placed upon the Estimates for »833 tur purchasiug a saitab e Recreation Ground for the inhabitants of Singleton " This motion was with unanimous ap approval, and on being seconded by Alderman Bow- man, It was carried REMOVAL OF LOCKUP FBOM BÜBÜFKIN PABK - The Mayor proposed :-" Tnat the same deputation also bring under the notice of the Coloni&l; Secretary the advisability of removing the present lockup from Burdekin Park, and the favorable promise made with reference thereto by Sir Heury Parues to a previous deputation."-Alderman Bowman requested to have his name omitted from that depu'ation, as he bad always been opposed to the removal of the lockup, and he could not therefore conscientiously act on a deputation to seek that object to be accomplished. The name of Alderman Parr having been substituted for that of Alderman Bowman, tbe motion in its amended form was then seconded by Alderman Broomfield, and curried GENERAL CEMBTBBV FOB SINQLKTON. -The Mayor proposed " Ibat a deputation be appointed, consisting of the Mayor, Aldermen Loder and Bow- man, and John Brown, Esq., M P, to wait upon the Minister for Lands, with reference to a site for ceme- teries for the town of Singleton, in the parish of Auckland, count} ot Durham, promised several years ago bj the flou. John Bowie Wilson, then Minister of Linds" The mover referred to the necessity of eirly steps being taken to remove the burial grounds still existing in tbe town, and said that a piece of land in every way suitable had been promised many years ago, when the Hon J. B Wilson was member for thiB iistrict. The motion was seconded by Alderman Pinchin, and carried SEATS FOB BOEDKKIN PABK-The Mayor pro pOEed that twelve strong sBats be provided tor Burdekin Park. The mover and Alderman Lader, who seconded the motion, referred to the want of Beaty in the Park, the expense of which could be de fra« 2-i-iHtt of a grant ot AlOO, which had been pro- mised to Aldermin Buwman. The motion was put and carrie*' unanimously. THE NUISANCES PBEVENTION ACT.-Alderman Munro proposed "That on application be made to the Colonial Secretary to exempt the Municipality of Singleton from the operations of the Nuisances Prevention Act of 1875 for a further period of two years from the first day of July next."-The motion met with unanimous approval, and on being seconded by Aldermau Parr it was put and carried. OvEantjE RATES-On the motion of Alderman Pinchin, seconded by Alderman Loder, the Mayor waa authorized to sue for all rates overdue for more than 12 months. TBEBB FOB BUBDBKIN PABK.-Oa tbe motion ot Alderman Munro, seconded by Alderman Parr, the Mayor was authorised to obtain trees required to re-plant in places where other trees had died on account of the drought. AnjotTBNMENT.-On the motion of Alderman Bowmen, seconded by Alderman Pinchin, the Coun- cil adjourned for three weeks. LICENSING COCBT. -At an adjourned meeting of the Licensing Board held on Wednesday, the 10th instant, the Police Magistrate with Messrs. S. B. Dight and G, T. Loder occupjing the bench, the application of Peter Russell, junior, for a renewal of the license of the Caledonia Hotel, George-street, Singleton, postponed from the 26th of last month, again came on for hearing. Mr. A. J. Gould ap- peared for the applicant. An objection had been filed by the police against the certificate being granted, on the ground of certain irregular conduct in the house on the part of the applicant. Very i«n,iiT avidnnnn waa adduced on that point, the lengthy evidence was adduced on mai purni, wo hearing of thematter occupjing the court the greater portion of the day. Ultimately the bench decided to refuse the granting of a certificate on the evidence submitted to tbem. The application of George Trunley for a new house at South Singleton, near the Railway Station, was granted. Certificates were also ordered to be issued to Michael Maguire, Railway View Hotel ; John Stout, 8outh Singleton; J. W. B. Frederick, Royal Hotel, George-street, Singleton; and John Wilson, Tradesman's Arms Inn, John-street, Singleton. POLICE COUBT,-In the Police Court, on Wednes- day, the 10th instant, betöre Mr. J. N. Brookes, P.M., John Watson and Philip Kelly were charged by the Inspector of Nuisances with allowing horses to stray in the streets of the borough. Both defendants were convicted, and each of them was fined 5s, with 2s 6d court coBta. MB, GBBALD M'DOÜALL,-The numerous friends of Mr. Gerald M'Douoll, accountant of the Australian Joint Stock Bank, at Singleton, will be pleased to hear of his promotion to a similar office i.n the West Maitland branch of tbat Bank. Mr. M'Douall en- tered the bank here, when a youth, some nine years ago as a junior clerk, and by his courtesy and unos- tentatious manner gained the esteem and goodwill, not only of the customer« of the bank, but also of all who bad the pleasure of becoming acquainted with him. We wish Mr. M'Douall every success in bis new sphere of usefulness, and shall be glad to hear of his further advancement in the service of a cor- poration who have secured in this gentleman a faithful and trustworthy official, Singleton, 11th May, 1882. aiiJswjBixBiaooKf POLICE OFFICE, TOBSDAY, MAX 9th. (Before W. Bowman, F. W. Thnim, E. Bowman, and W, Pearse, Js'.P.) WAGES CASE.-Colledge v. Wells.-On this case being called on there was no appearance of de- fendant. The case was beard ex-parte, and after hearing the plaintiff's evidence, a verdict was given for the amount claimed, viz,, £3 16s 6d, with costs of court, and one day's pay, to be got in the usual way, by distress, and in default 14 days in gaol. Mr. P. J. Poley, foi Mr. Fitzgerald, appeared for complainant. APPEAL COUET.-An appeal court was held with the following result viz:-J. Wells, against asses ment, £35 ; appelant did not appear. Assessment sustained.-A. Weidman, £Q for building allotments, Appeal upheld; brought down to £$.-J. Chivera, appeal against a tenement, £5, he being the landlord of certain property, and allowed by the tenant to live in part of it free. This was struck out altogether. This was all the appeals out of about 200 ratepayers. REVISION CODBT.-This was the day appointed for revising the electoral roll for this portion of the Upper Hunter electorate, for the years 1882 and 1883\. The number on the roll is the same as last year's roll. TESTIMONIAL.-At a meeting of parishioners held in St. Albin's schoolroom, on Tuesday evening last, for the purpose of electing a parochial council for the current year, advantage was taken of the large attendance present of presenting the Incumbent (the Rev. Canon White) with a puree of sovereigns, as an EaBter offering, The presentation was made on behalf of the parishioners by Mr. George Flower, who, in a neat speech, spoke as to the good-will that exists between the people and their pastor, and hoped it would continue so ; and, as he was not a fluent Bpesker, he would not say any more on the subject, but begged to hand Mr. White a puree con- taining sixty (60) sovereigns, which was given in hearty good-will by all concerned.-Mr. White, who was greatly affected by this unexpected expression of good-will on the part of the parishioners, spoke very feelingly on the subject, and said he hoped the good- will existing between them all would long continue. He again thanked them for the present, and looked upun it not only as a money present, bnt as a token of everlasting exteem. RACES.-A meeting was called on Saturday last, for tbe purpose of getting up our annual races, but owing to the small attendance, the meeting was ad- journed until Thursday evening. MUNICIPAL COUNCIL. The usual fortnightly meeting of the above was held on Wednesday, the 10th instant. Present-The Mayor (S. J. Dowell), and Aldermen Bowman, Smith, Cafe, Clendining, and Bussell Tae minutes of last meeting were read and confirmed. COBBESPONDENCE.-A letter was read from the Secretary of the General Post Office to J. McBlbone, M.L.A., and forwarded to the Council by that gentle- man, in reference to weather telegrams and other important information being posted outside the Telegraph Office for general information ; also, another from the same to the same, in reference to new PjBt and Telegraph Offices for this town. From Mr. Ewing, re gratings.-From Lassetter and Co., re mill, etc., and account. Accounts amounting to X12 18s öd were read from the pay-sheet, It was moved by Alderman Clendinintr, seconded by Alder- man Smith, that the correspondence »ntl accounts be received.-Moved by Alderman Bowman, seconded by Alderman Clendining, tbat a letter be written to Lassetter and Co. iu reference to their memo, and account. FINANCE COMMITTEE. - Alderman Bowman brought up the report of the Finance Committee that tiley bad examined the accounts, but they were not nil correct ; and it was moved and seconded by Alderman Smith, that they be paid when corrected. IMPBOVEMKNIS.-The Major reported that the improvements going on in the Municipality are being done satisfactorily by day labour, under the supervision of the Clerk of Works, QUESTIONS.-Alderman Bussell asked the Mayor whether it was usual for this Council to pay the salary of persons in its employ when off duty by sickness or otherwise.-The Mavor enid " Yes : he believed it had been done." Alderman Clendening here moved the adjourn- ment of the Council, a« he wau ted to speak on the question. He said be knew from whom the question originated, and he for one would resist, by all legitimate means, the people's money from being squandered and paid away to the officers of the Council who happened to get laid up by doing othfr than Council work ; and as this case bad cropped up, he would relate the particulars. It seems that the permanent man was working down at the mill, when a person came for a tank of water, when the horse got restive and the man went to put a scotch under the wheel, when by some means the tank slipped and fell on McGregor, the permanent man, and hurt him- to such an extent that be baa not been able to woik for some weeks, when he comea by a side wind and wants the Council to pay him for the time be was laid up. Now he, for one, would say that a greater piece of impudence be never heard of. If the accident had happened in doing the work of the Council, he would say pay the m'in, but be would never with his consent allow such a precedent.-Aldermen Smith and Cafe supported the views of Alderman Clendining.-Alderman Bow- man said he would like to say a few words on this question. It would appear, by the way that Alder- man Bussell asked the question, that the officers of the Council had been paid when they did not do their duty. Now, he having been an alderman and Mayor for six years, he don't remember such a thing happening, and he would like Alderman Bussell to state a case.-Alderman Bussell : TbeCouncil Clerk. Alderman Clendining said in reply that the two cases were not at all alike, as in the clerk's absence the work was done to the satisfaction of the Council. The motion for adjournment was negatived.-Alder- man Bowman would ask the Mayor why some work that had been promised about twelve months ago to be done np by the Roman Catholic Presbytery had not been done. The Mayor said it was the intention of the Improvement Committee to proceed with the work in a short time.-Alderman Clendining asked the Mayor if be knew that prickly peats were being carted on the S. B. reserve and was it done by his authority.-The Mayor said be knew that pears were carted on to the reserve, and that he did not give permission to any person to place them there. TENDEES.-This being the next on the business sheet, Alderman Clendining said that, seeing there had never been so many ratepayers in their chamber before at any of the Council meetings, be was glad to see them take some interest in the affairs, and as all their proceedings don't always get published, thay would by attending see who had tae interests of the ratepayers at heart. He moved, seconded by Alderman Bowman, that the consideration of tenders stand over until later in the evening. Order of the day for the consideration of letter from Minister of Mines re the Messrs. B. and A, Bowman's objections to having a rood from the Main Northern Road through their padd ck to the south-esst Reserve, a diatance of obout 200 yards. Alderman Clendining, in rising to speak on this subject, said he did so with ^o»" "«,««? riifflfipinr.fi. as no doubt it would cotise a Very great uiuiuouuo, ggwvvB.. .. ,__ good deal of ill-feeling between himself and the Messrs. Bowman ; but they mnst know by this time that he never took self into consideration when there was a public duty to perform ; and, before going any further, he would like to persuade Alder- man Bowman to withdraw his objections to the road in question; but, as he did not seem inclined to withdraw them, he would go on with the subject. They all knew the land in question, and what a boon , it is to towns to have reserves, when requests are ' going in to the Colonial Secretary from all quarters to have reserves purchased for the different towns that have not got any. Now, here we have a piece of ground; it is only a small piece certainly -about fifteen acres in extent-but it is a perfect garden, and it belongs to the towns- people, for whom the Council hold it in trust ; but there is one drawback-there is no road to it of eBsy access, except the one objected to by Alderman Bowman. Now, this is s great deprivation of the people's rights, The Messrs, Bowman have had possession of this land for the last fifteen years, and if everyone had their right, they (the Council) ought to receive at least'£200 for rent from them ; and now, been use they esk for the people's rights, tbey are met with frivolous objections. But be would tell the Mesara. Bowman that be, tor one. will fight to the last to get a road tj that reserve. Why, it would only be on act of grace on the phrt ot the Messrs. Bowman if they were to pay all the dividing fence, considering the time they held the ground for nothing. He begged to move that the Mayor and the mover be appointed a deputation to wait on the Minister for Mines, and to lay the subject fully before that gentleman; also, that plans begot showing the road required,and the road proposed by the objectors, and to gat as many members of Parliament as possible to Bupport them in their endeavour to get this boon. Alderman Bussell seconded the resolution, ana said that he with some other Aldermen went over the ground that morning, and to get a road from either of those proposed by Alderman Bowman was Simply impossible for this municipality to do, as the least expensive of the three would cost at least ¿£300, and the one objected to would not cost one-third of it. Now, with regard to the prickly pears, he failed to see with what good motive those pears were carted on the reserve, for be traced some of them a distance of a quarter of a mile, and when there was plenty of wood lying about to burn tbem instead of taking them to a piece of ground which was well known as a reserve.-Alderman Smith, Cafe, and the j Mayor also spoke in support of the road required, and hoped Alderman Bowman withdraw a<s objee I tionB.-Alderman Bowman said a good deal had been said about this road and the objections against it. He bad told them of three roads, either of which is as good as the one asked for, and why take people a distance of a mile and a quarter when a road can be got at a much shorter distance, end, besides, in flood times theycouldnot croea at t lie place proposed. Great stress haB been laid on their having had the ground, but, if so, bave we not given the inhabitants about a mile and a-balt of running Wnter which we could bave fenced in ; and I think that is an equivalent to pa j ing rent for the piece of ground. Now, as regarda the pears, his men commenced to clear the reserve first, and drew on o load to fill up the place that was mude for them, and as for withdrawing his objec- tions, that he will never do,-Alderman Clendining, in reply, said that seeing the stand taken by Alder- man Bowman in this matter, it behoved them to take all legitimate steps to get it, and alluding to the roads proposed by the objectors, why it is simply ridiculous to think ot them ; and, as to getting cap- sized in going over the rotd we want, why I would simply say that I am no whip, but I would venture over with a buggy and pair, and take my family over in it safe«. But be would not say as much tor any of the other roads.-Tbe motion was put and carried. COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE -Alderman Clendin- ing moved, seconded by Alderman Bowman, that the Council rewlvB itself irto n cn umr.tee to consider tendera. On returning, tie M.n or reported that the committee bad considered the tender tor gates, and had accepted that of Mr.H. Wiusor, cen" and moved, seconded by Alderman Clendining, that the report be adopted. This being all the business the Council rose. WBATHEB.-The weather is cold night and morn- ing; warm in the middle of the day. Muswellbrook, Moy 11th, 1882. 