OBBHOBH NEJSSJB Baptism of Adults. — One of our load residents went down to the Lachlan River on Sunday afternoon, accompanied by a young lady. When he got there he bowed himself to the ground, as some thought, for the purpose of quenching his thirst at the pure stream. He then glided head first into the water, had a thorough immersion, reversed his position. and tried to regain the bank, which could not at first be accomplished, until the lady with her parasol, and, probably, with the " cords of love," drew him to terra frnia again. The uncharitable people on the bank, seeing the performance, laughed at him, and 6aid that he accidentally slipped in? and the young lady was not a priestess, but only an admirer. If any of our readers require any further information on this event, they had better attend bis church on Sunday evening, and they might hear something more about it. If they do not it will not hurt them, . A Ghost in Hillston. — There is a rumor that a ghost appeared in the north end of our town on Saturday night about 12 o'clock to some of the superstitious people, and twelve horsemen had to retreat from it. They assert that tlhey were not afraid to proceed on their journey, but they could not get their horses to go. If there is such a thing as a ghost in Hillston we wish it would pay us a visit so that we could give something definite about such a mysterious imaginary being. If it is a good ghost, surely it will not be afraid of coming into the editor's ' sanctum sanc- torium," and if it is a bad ghost then it ought not to be afraid of our devil. H Vii'/c Space. — We at present have two compositors working where there is only ro un for one to work comfortably. Wc cannot possibly put another man on until we get our office bnilr. which is still delayed for want of material and trades men. There being only four working days in this week, and so many electioneer ing and Christmas advertisements to come out, we are again compelled to leave a quantity of white space on our pages, but onr readers will notice that we give more local and original matter each week than any other newspaper printed in Riverina. 