Music and the Drama, THERE has been a good deal, and, on tho whole, pica Bant variety in things musical and critical dur ing the xredk Chango of scenes is as beneficial and pleasant fco tho regular playgoer as chaage of scone is to the traveller or not invalidod invalid, lhere has been eomo this week, but not quite what I <mticipated when ^ MssVChristian's farewoll concert, which took place at the Garden Palaoo on last Saturday afternoon, was attendod bv an appreciative audience. Signora Fabris and' Miss Christian were tho lady vocalists, and Messrs. Percy Jones, Morgan, and Bushello rendered valuable assistance; Mdlle. Charbonnet cave two solos on the piano, namely, a fantasia on airs from " Tho Huguenots," and an arrangement of .'Home, Sweot Homo," for the left hand only, both of which were executed with that grace, tasto, and finish which distinguish all this lady's performances on tho piano. Mr. C. B. Foster, ns accompanist, left nothing to bo desired, and a similar remark is applicable to Mr. C. Hueoerbcin, who occasionally acted as accompanist. The programme inolnded tho well-known trio " Turn on, Old Time," from " Mari tana," a duet, " L'Addio," by Donizetti, «nd a 'number of solos for bass, teaor, soprano, »ad con tralto voioes, all of which nonna were sung so well that there waa nothing to find fault with. The con cert, which was enjoyable throughout, concluded with the well-known duet, " La ci darem la Mano," from *' Don Giovanni." \ Tho city has been enlivened during tho week by the performances of the Boston Mendelssohn Quin tette Club, wnich eaid performances have been of a very high order of merit, but which, nevertheless, ¿ave not boen so well attendod as they ought to hare been, considoring the talent which has been engaged in them. Tho members of the club aro all first-class exooutants, both as orchestral players and os soloists, and hence a programme executed by them cannot fail to be pleasing and interesting to the lovers of good music. Thomombors of tho club chiefly play what is called olassical music, and this they generally render in suoh a grand, correct, and expressive stylo, that tho beauty of the composers' ideas stands out in bold roliof boforo admiring audiences. Mr. Schade's flute solos, arraugod on popular airs, with brilliant varia tions, aro always beautifully played, and the same remark is applicable to Mr. Schnitidor's violin solos. The latter ombraoo many difficulties, and demand brilliant execution from tho player, and the demand thus made is always cloverly mot by Mr. Sohniteler. Tho violoncello, in the hands of Mr. F. Gioso, is truly a wondorful instrument. It not only fulfils tho funotions of a violoncello propor, but it also is made to act whon requirod as tenor or viola, first violin, Eocond violin, flute, or piccolo. Tho instrument Mr. Gioso plays on ia undoubtedly a very fino one, and is of pure tone throughout its rango, but specially on theAnud'D strings, which aro peculiarly rich and resonant. Mr. Gioso has acquired great mastory over this apparently clumsy but beautiful instru ment, and draws from it tho most exquisite and ravishing sounds, and also displays in his ' playing on it tho most brilliant execution. His rendition of tho well-known Irish melody, " The Groves of Blarney," botter known aa The Last Bose of Eummor," onco heard .takes possession of the listener's memory and haunts it like a. ghost. Miss Miller, tho lady vocalist of the club, ia distinguished bv a presentable appearance, easy and polite stage or platform manners, a fino, powerful soprano voice, brilliant execution, and ability to accurately grasp tho meaning of tho author as disclosed in the pic oes $ho Bings. Mr. Byan is a magnificent clarionettwt, and Mr. Thiele as second violin renders valuable aid. The members of this dub constitute the moet satisfac tory body of musicians who have visited our city for tnanyyears past. They have given aseries of con certs during the wook, and their performances have afforded unalloyed pleasure to all who have heard thom. . At the Theatro Boyal tho superbly mounted and execrably localisöd pantomime »a .still . in:tho as cendant. . Tho beautiful dresses, the handsomo ap pointments, and 14o clever acting, have secured for it a success which . otherwise it would not have. Largo andionccB assemble nightly, and tho result is that it is good until tho 18th February, when it will give place to something else, with tho handsome Louisa Pomory in it. Whether tho first venture of Mr. Allison will bo " Cymbolino" or " Antony and Cleopatra'' I do not protend to know. It may evon bo Bomothing olso, and hence I profor to await do velopmont3. At the Opera Houso "Pationco" was withdrawn, much to tho regret of a groat many sincero admirers, on Friday ovening last. Why it was taken off I, like Grosvenor, would fain discover. It filled the houso <n?b-ly,i and oertamly might have continued to nil it for a great many moro nights, for tho ïnoro frequently it was hoard tho moro its ??8 beoaino manifest. It is, indocd, fortunato T ]\was prosontod by such a goodly company. If it had boon othorwiso, I don't know what tho rosult might have boon. But I know that it will bo vory nam for any but a first-class oompany to mnko a suc cess of it in this city horoaf tor. Everybody, has resgrot m bidding farowoll- a short ono, I hopo-to the Bwoot-voicod " Patience," and hor clovor associates }n T" 'lohghtful little opera. On Saturday night last H.M.S. Pinafore" was again placed in oommission, ana mamied a right good crow. Miss AlicoRocs appoarod as vapinne for tho first timo in Sydney. As was expected by cvorybody, sho sang tho music and played tho part with tho great ability she had alwavs cnsplayod during hor Bhort careor on tho lyric or any othor Htago. It was indood a ploasant reprosontation oi tho part-porhaps tho mostdolightf ul we have badin öyünoy. At alt events tho IIOUBO has boon crowded Bigntly, and if it has not been to hoar tho now Josophine, I confess I don't know what olso oould nave attraotod thom-always oxoopting tho oxoollonoc R;~ 0 8m&m;? of Mr- Boaumont os Ralph Baokstraw. vlUt 7erdl Captain Corcoran, and Mr. T. Hi itamford as Dick Doadoyo. But thoso aro old rovourites, and pleasant os was their clover rondo* lng of tho ports entrusted to thom, it is not probable that tho orowded housos nightly aro altogether due to thom. 'Miss Andrea Navarro was tho Little Buttercup. That she is not so successful in this oharaotcr as in -othors in which she has ap poarod is probably not her fault. Yory likely sho did all that she could to play the part. That hor good intention was not per fectly realised ia a misfortuno for overybody, the lady herself as well os her audience. I do not know anything about tho arrangements of tho management, but I venturo to think that a more offoctive cast might have beon obtained if Miss Lid diard had boon cast for Buttercup, Miss Lilian Forde or Miss Boyal replacing her as Hobo. Howovor, I suppose Miss Navarro did hor level best, and in doing that did all sho could. Miss Liddiard was, as usual, a very oiFoctive Hobo. Mr. John Fordo extracted any amount of hitherto hidden fun out of tho Boat swain, and Miss Lilian Forde even managed to make a great deal of amusement out of tho part of tho elderly maiden aunt's part. Tho last of " Pina fore " is fixed for to-night. I, with many others, wish tho company a pleasant and prosperous cruiso to Maorilond. At tho Queen's Miss Ada Ward, after an absence of four years, has reappearod in a now and emotional drama entitled ' ' Mad." It is not a well-written drama,. but Miss Ada Ward's genius, for it must bo that, makes you forget tho baldness of tho dialogue in witnessing euoh superb acting. Miss Ward has improved in high histrionic skill smoe she was lust in Sydney. To thoso who know how skilful she waa thonf it will be understood how muoh such assertion moans. I have seen Mies Ward do much better things than that sho has selootod to do us Eleanor Hylton, but I know that it would be very difficult to find anybody capablo of sustaining tho part with the same in tensity of power that she does. The theatre has boon crowded nightly, and although chango is ¡noted, I think that Miss Ward might pull tho house through another week. Mr. Charles Bur ford, as Hugh Hylton, waa very Buooossful in giving a wonderfully realistic representation of tho plotting, cold-blooded, heartless husband. It waa a difficult part to play, and Mr. Burford is to bo complimented upon ino manner In which ho came through the ordeal. Tho other parta woro more or less well sustained by Mr. Sweeny, Mr. Goorge Mel ville, Mr. W. J. Malus, Miss Marian Medway. Miss Alice Mowbray, Miss Maclean, and last and literally least, really one of tho moat effective, little Hattie Sherwood as Hubert Hylton. " Our Boys," for ono night, has been mentioned aa a probable euocessor to " Maa," and the " Woman in Bed," an old Madame Celeste drama, in which Miss Ada Ward is par ticularly effective, is announced as in activo prepara tion. At tho Gaiety it was understood that tho " Green Lanas of England " would give place to "Miohael Strogoff ' ' last week. But the powerful acting of Mr. Dampier, Miss Amie Adore, and Mr. Palmer, with tito amusing representation by Miss Marion Molrose and Mr. Sam. Poole, havo been suffioiont to draw big housos for another week. This (Saturday) evening, however, the drama dramatised by Mr. Hopkins from Jules Verne's wonderful story, and entitled " Michael Strogoff," is announced. Mr. Damptor is to sustain tho part of the Courier of the Cuar, and I believe the oast is otherwise excellent. The story hos boen dra matised in almost every tongue, and in one version or another is now being played in almost every country under tho sun. I antioipate a groat BUCOOSS for " Miohael Strogoff." I hear that Miss Emma Wangonhoim, who lately took tho load in tho Queen's Thoatro pantomimo, hos gone to Melbourne to fill tho plaoo of Miss Pattie Lavorno in Musgrove's Opera Company. The Williamson Opera Company goos to Now Zea land shortly, opening in Dnnodiu probably with " Patience." Signor P. Giorza will continue to act as musical director. Miss Mario Trevarnon, Miss Jennie Horan, and I Messrs. Martyn Hagon, Stuart Bolton, and othors opon this (Friday) evening at tho Victoria Hall, Castlereagh-stroet, in Gilbert and Clay's oporetta " Ages Ago," which, I behove, has hitherto not boon produced in tho colonies. It has boen an immense snocess in London. Tho performances are announced as being under tho patronage of Commodore Erskine and officers of H.M.S. Nolson.and of Colonol Roberts and staff officers. Every effort has been made by the management to ensure success, and it is said that an off night, like Friday, was chosen for opening in ordor to avoid tho usual Saturday night troubles and annoyances generally accompanying a " first night " performance. . Mr. Henry W. Chapman (an amateur olocntionist of no mean repute in Sydney, and who has on several oooasions boen favourably noticed in thoso columns) faitends giving at Waverley, on Thursday evening next, 9th instant, one ol his monologue entertain ments, in aid of tho building fund of tho local denominational school. Mr. Chapman. will, during tho evening, deliver about 20 recitations, all from memory. Mr. J. Ashcroft-Edwards is to bo conductor of tho Sydney Liodcrtafel. Mr. Edwards is a thorough musician, and has boen conductor of sevorol musical socio tics, -including the leading Wellington (N.Z.) Choral Union. .' Mr. W.' Jenkins, who will oct iii the capacity of agent in advance for tho Williamson Opera Company, left Sydney on Friday night en route for Dunedin, N.Z., to make preparations for tho reception of tho oompany. Tho majority of the Molbourno Opera Company lcavo, by tho Wakntipu, Btoamer, which goos diroot from boro to Now Zealand, while noarly all tho prin cipals go overland to Melbourne, thonce por steamer Rotomahana for New Zealand. 