THE PIMPERLEY CORRESPONDENCE No. 28. The Retreat, F'ebruary 25, 1882. My dear Barbara, I am particularly anxious that you should not waste your time by indulging in the re prehensible practice of reading what are termed sensational authors. Therefore I would advise you in your hours of relaxation to read for amnsement none but works of a wholesome character. "Goody Two Shoes," "Jack the Giant Killer," "The multiplica tion table made easy," " Nursery rhymes," and many other books of the same class I can safely recommend to you. History is too dry and uninteresting, geography dreadfully bewildering, and grammar is al together too atrocious to be worth your con sideration. I am also constrained to forbid your looking into Milton or Shakespeare, especially Shakespeare. In the former you will meet with too many hard words, and in the latter with incidents that are not only 1 improbable but also highly objectionable from a humanitarian point of view, Shake speare besides mutt be included in the ca. tegory of sensational writers, and therefore is as far as you are concerned a prohibited author. All art should be restricted to the uniform level of quiet domesticity. The placid emotions that are developed about the paternal hearth rug, Shakespeare never touches upon. le deals chiefly with crimes, agonies, hot rage, tumult of passion, terror and despair. All my teachings have tended'! to show you how necessarily immoral it is for any writer to shadow forth the awful visitations of wrath and evil and punishment. or to depict those wonderful and unwonted accidents.of fortune which are of frequent occurrence in this work-a-day world of I ours. A writer- of correct taste should ] confine himself strictly to the common events of common lives, have nothing What ever to say about any of the extremes of passion, leave murder to the daily papers, be ignornnt of suicide, have not idea that there are dark shadows about us and- shun mybteries as he would the:measles. Now there can be no doubt tha't very beautiful and interestingfiotions may be m made, and have been made, out of the simplest elements of every-day life. The commonest threads of the woof of humanity have that in their composition which is capable of enlisting the sympathies of all of us; and when the humor ýand pathos of the most unromantic lives are drawn forth by the subtle touch of genius, we hail by in-. voluntary laughter and teare. But inflction ot this kind Shakespeare is utterly deficient. In fact the judicious praise accorded to him by a few obscure writers who trust them. selves upon our unwilling notice is an in', tolerable nuisance, aad having at heart the dignity and decency of literature, I shall in this letter do my best to abate it by the exercise of a little plain common sense. Shakespeare has no idea of tragedy, apart from the merest horrors of melo. ' drama. In his Othello, a black moor smothers his wife on his stage, under a I prepostrous delusion of jealousy, encouraged by a gentlemanly Mehphistophiles of his J acquaintance and then stabs himself with I hectoring speech, when -he finds out his mistake. In King Lear, the accumulation of ",rightful and revolting atrocities is some thing almost beyond belief. Lear is sup posed to- have occupied the throne of Britain on some remote epoch beyond the dawn of authentic history. On account of a very natural and becoming answer made him by one of his daughters, he disowns her, and 4 :afterwards, for some insufficient reason, pronounces a curse upon another daughter, expressed in such frightful language that I must forbear from making any allusion to the subject. Then he goes out on to a heath in a storm, and curses things in general, his Bedlamite ravings being varied (such are Shakespeare's notions of good taste) oy the ribald jokes of a court fool, whose inanites are evidently addressed to the gallery auditors. Another character as.. sumes to be an idiot, and with hideous jibberinge makes up a pretty trio. Finally, the old king finds oatuthat he has disowned his daughter, is a very good girl after all, and when she has m'et her death'by some unlucky circumstance.. (as improbable and I horrific as other incidents of the play) he brings the corpse oi to the stage in his arms. "howls" over it, like a mourner at an "Irish wake-litotally "howls" in good downright fashion and presently gives up the ghost, to the great relief of the reader. Besides these agreeable incidents, there it a good deal of slaughtering and one noble I man tears out another nobleman's eyes (at I the instigation of two princesses), and "sets his foot" on one of them. Hamlet, ilfich an ill-informed clique'of newepapei' scribblers affect to regard as a work of profoiind philosophy and super human wisdotl, is equally full of absurd and shocking incidents. There is the ghost of a murdered king, his murderous brother who succeeds him on the throne; a queen who married her brother.in.law, a crack-brained young prince (whose stats of mina would make him a fitting subject for a commission doe Iunatico inquirendo) a maundering old gentleman whom. Hamlet stabs as he listens'^behrid the arras (one. of the few I reasonable things he does in the whole -five I actsi); and a young lady who goes mad, and, after doddering about with straw in her hair singing songs that are not over delicate, drowns herself by accident in a horse-pond. : In the last scene of this hideous burlesque of nature and probability, the queen (Ham let's mother) dies by a poisoned cup of wine; the king is stabbed, and Hamlet and an enemy of his kill each other with a poisoned foil while they are fencing. As only one of the foils is poisoned. and it is necessary to r the climax that both should die at once, the two combatants contrive by some sleight of hand that is quite beyond my comprehension to exchange the weapon without meaning Sit! But a writer who for ever aims at Sstartling effects must of necessity pile up the agonies in his concluding scene! and this a gglomeration of fantastic crimes will the less r astonish you when you learn, that in one scene Hamlet reviles his own mother in the Smost dreadful manner and in another utters profane jokes in a churchyard while his Ssweetheart's grave is being dug, and tosses Sskulls about the stage! ~So fond is Shake s. peare of death in its most revolting forms, I that even his love story of Rome'o and Juliet r is full of slaughtering and poisoning, while e his very comedies have generally some.smack of the gallows in them. Shakespeare devoid of a certain ability to which he might have turned to very re putable ccount it he had only understood his own powers better; He had aAinge of native humour, exaggerated though to the pitch of burlesque. He possessed some knowledge of the superficial parts of char acter but never having mixed in good scciety would-be representations of gentleman are for the most part ridiculously vulgar. He would have done fairly as a writer of farces and of show pieces, but flattering himself into the belief that he was a great tragic poet *he delighted in nothing so much as gory nonsense, as I will show you next week in an account that I propose giving you of his sensational drama entitled "Macbeth" In the meantime, my dear Barbara, let me suggest for your perusal the "Life and adventuresdof Tom Thumb," you will find it a very:aweet, natural, unaffected and thoroughly healthy- . tale, inexpressibly refreshing in these days of false and over drawn sentiment. * Yours, Affectionately, .TIMOTHY. PIMPERLEY. 