LATEST TELEGRAMS. [FBOM OUB OWN OOBBBSPONDKNta.] ) INTERCOLONIAL. ''' '. \- ? Ssdnbt, Tubsdiy.V Tho Poriolee, Aborgoldio, William Duthiq, and Peterborough have arrived with cargoes worth . '£137,700. The - Peterborough! has 463. immigrants 6hvboard.; 'Three' chips have also arrived from Norway; timber laden'.'' ' , Beach and Clifford rowed' a sculling match on Saturday over the champion course on tho Jfarramatta river tor £200 aside. Beach won by seven lengths. ??? ; ; L'Eslrange, tho Australian Blondin, tried to ride on a bicycle over a tight -rope stretched across Middlo Harbour on Saturday. After going thirty yards ho lost his balanco and foil into the harbour. ' Mr. Eales' valuable racehorse Proclor foil down dead nt Wallsond this morning. Tho weather is pleasant and cool, and rain fell- this morning, but it has cleared off. Sydney, Wednesday. Tho weather yesterday was pleasantly cool, and the various holiday resorts wero liberally patronised. Only one accident has been re ported, that of a man named Hurley, who of a swing. . . Melbotjbne, Tuesday. The great musical festival was opened on Saturday night by the Governor, in the Exhibition Building. Tho prize for the best song was awarded to Mr. Alfred Moul. A fire took placo yesterday afternoon at North Williamstown, which destroyed-: two cot tages. A Mrs. Cox was burned to death. -??'. A labourer named Harry was shot by an old man named Leonard, ncar.Oakleigh. , . '?? ' The holiday traffic on tho railways has been so great that it was found necessary to use cattle trucks to carry the passengers. , ??_ ??,, ! [.,; Over £90 in notes and gold has been stolen from a bedroom in Dixon's public-house at Hotham. ? I Tho Hon. Ivo Bligh's team began a inatoh yesterday at'Ballarat against eighteen of the, local players. The Ballarat men went in'firsfc and scored 226 in the first innings, M'Gregor scoring 53, and Worall 52 runs. ' ?? A large fire occurred yesterday at Cohon Bros, furniture warehouse, in Lonsdale and Stephen streets The origin of the fire is un known. The damage is in excess of the insurance. ? . . ,? ? ??.??.. A woman named Tattersalls has been found at Gaffney Creek with her skull smashed, and her husband has been arrested upon suspicion. Selling Race— Ghost, 1 ; Kanaka, 2. Won by five lengths Juvenile Stakes — Duenna, Ike, Monsoon. Won by a length. Hurdle Race — Lady Hampden, Durririghile, P.G. Won by two lengths. Christmas Handicap— Baron Von Muller, Colstoun, Anglesey ; dead heat between first and second. Steeplechaso — Bryan O'lynn, The Hawk, Abdallah j won by three quarters of a length. Thrae year old Selling Kacc — Ameliea, Frou.Frou, Plato; won by two' lengths. Malvern Hat dicap — Squireen, Trans ferred, Lohengrin. ' ... . ? Adelaide, Tuesday. ~ Lieutenant John Jervois, son of Sir William Jervois, and at present in England, has been appointed to succeed Sfajor Fergusonas second in command- of the forces. The farewell luncheon, to tho Governor has been fixed to take place on January 5. Since the establishment of the City Mission fortnightly free breakfast system in May laBt, over 1,000 persons have availed themselves of its benefits, ' The performance of ' Norma' at tho theatre by the Cagli Opera Company a short time back, was as interesting from an archaeological as from a musical point of view. For instance, wo learned for tho firs'-, time that it is a mistake to suppose that the Romans introduced their own coinage wherevor they put down their conquering foot. One' of Norma's children had to bo kept quiet after quit 0 tho modern system, namelv, bv placine a piece of inonov'ih 'her little fist, and it was not a denarius or any hind of Roman coin, but ' a good, honest British sixpence. Moreover, it was interesting to note that in the Druidical times tho same causes provoked the saiiie ? passions'. The smallest of tho 2Tprma family dropped her. sixpence, and it .was touching to see the little innocent's look as it rolled away from lier; She might have been a baby of the present day. It was aho. saddening, to think that what the Romans called ,dmpr nnmmi was evidently as strong as the lovo of money in the present day. — ' Tpwn Talk' in The WeeJci t . ' \ The Fbenoh Post Opfice.— A comparative statement ha3 been issued by the Minister of the Post Office of tho. transactions from 1877 to 18811 Tho total amount of letters and par cels of all kinds rose from 865,000,000 in 1877 to 1,350 000,000 in 1881, the proportion being for stamped letters from 374,000 C DO to 563,000,000 ; newspapers, from 219,000,000 to 354,000,000! printedmatterinhand, 161,000,000 to 297,000,000 j in envelopes from 14,000,000 to 50,000,000. Postcards, on the othor hand,' have undergone a diminution from 32,800,000 to 32,234,000. The department may well ho satisfied with tho increase of 56 per cent, in four years. The telegraphic ? service . has boon oven more successful, showing an.' increaso of 138 per cent. In 1877 the number of - tele grams despatched was 8.174,000 ' (of which 994,000 woro international), i against 10,4fi6,OOO in 1882 (of which 1,952,000 were international). The. parcel post was only commenced in tho month of May last year, but since then its pro gress has, been most rapid, increasing j from 349,676 parcolsin May to 808.732 in December. The total despatched during the- eight months was 4,186,867. , ; .,-;,;,,. ;,.../? ? ? ? ? '--'-': ? '? If a public man's popularity is to be gauged by the public; feeds awarded him, Sir Thomas M'llwraithiB not so popular' as the Hon, S' W. Griffith, 'judging'from a couple, of . recent ban-, quets. Tholoador of the Opposition went to .Marbure, 'a'place of yo»torday, and in the midst of a purely : agricultural district, but he got there a spread of which Baldwin or White house might have' boon proud. Sir Thomas wont to Charters Towers, and was banqueted at that wealthy mining, centre, but tho refresh ments, according to a local paper, hardly sufficed to make a banqueb in the minds of the most imaginative and ' least hungry of the guests. Tho foast was cheerfully inaugurated as follows, according to the Northern Miner : — ? * 'The clialnnan said ho regretted that having had to pay £40 for tho nsoof the hull to tho Stephenson Company a more substantial ropnsfc could, not bo afforded, but ho hoped tho company wonld onjoy tho faro set hoforo thmn aud mako tbcmsolvcn comfort able. They had boon nt great oxpenso and that was the best they could offer. Here the chairman sftt down and blank nmazomout Bat on tho faces of tho guests as they gazed on tho hungry sandwiches sot before them; thoro was a 'haggis' sot beforo Sir Tumtnas and ho wirod into it liko a Scotchman. . Tho ol 'jiotloi had to ent their sandwiches or go without. Mont of tho people from thoEoyal had got wind of tho 'swindlo' and had fortified thomsolvca with a Rood dinner thoro. Wo admit wo woro among tho number ot tho ' takon in.' Wo had roserved onraolvos for n. glorious tuek out at boiled nnd roant fowls, triflo, und velvet pio ; butalas I wo had to put up with Buokland — ''Town Talk' in The Week. '''' 