THE WEST INDIAN GHOST. Our house on the Pedro Town plain is much infested by a whole Boat of very objectionable duppies. And leat the word should prove ab sent from the English dictionary it mar be well to explain that a duppy is a familiar West In dian creature or entity, closely resembling in most points of structure and function our ordi nary British ghost. It differs from a ghost, however, in its far greater relative frequency and definiteness: for while the usual European phantoms are rare, intermittent, and purely local, the West Indian duppy is so abucdant | and ubiquitous that it may fairly be considered as a common objeot of the country. In Eng land people have here and there a haunted house, an old castle with a legend, a church-. yard tenanted by some melancholy spirit; but all these ace exceptional out-of the-way things; and it is probable that ghosts do not enter ap preciably into the everyday domestic life of one Londoaer out of ten thcimnd. There are curiosities in European circles of the same sort as the seA-Berpont or the reigning Sovereigns— sometimes talked about, but seldom 'seen. On Pedro Town plain, however, duppies are fowls of a very different feather. Everybody knows them quite familiarly, and expects to find them turning up promiscuously at any street corner, in the same casual way as the Oriental patriarchs expected to entertain angels un awares. The negro mind still lives and moves in a primitive atmosphere of duppies, obeah men, witchcraft, love-philtres, and bodily West African devils; so that supernatural visitors are seen, not occ&eiotiaUy; and exceptionally, but constantly and every day. a According to thy faith," is a sure maxim for all shost.seers. "Did you ever see a duppy, Isaac?" I asked my stable-boy one day; and he grinned out right with all his white teoth at the very absurdity of the question. 44 A duppy, Bah," he answerod contemptuously: 411 see a plenty duppy; Iseedsmall time; I see dem about de house ebbery ebening." Plainly, one might almost as well have asked him whether he had ever seen a dog or a chicken. To him, and to all the other negro servants around the place, duppies are simple matters of common ex perience, faots as patent and as indubitable as any others in the ordinary range of human knowledge. ' Our house, indeed, possesses in' exceptional perfection all the elements which go to make up an excellent and permanent nest for an im mense brood of duppies. There is every con venience in it which duppies are known to seek and appreciate, fa the first place, it is old, large, and rambliog; built, of course, mainly of lattice work and Venetian blinds, through wbioh the wind'movos freely, and creates the rustling draught that spirits lore. Then it is dark at night, for we only light up a email por tion, and the long gloomy corridors, as one mores through them candle in hand, have cer tainly a sufficiently ghostly appearance. The house was built in slavery days, on the scale of magnificence which the estate could then sup port ; hut now that only three or four old negroes keep it in order, wo find p. quarter of tho roomy old 'place 'quite' sufficient for our ehrnuken modern wants. Its big; mahogany doors swing heavily on the hinges; and its attics are admirablo roosts for any number of ' congregated ghost?*. Moreover, several; white mr.n have died in the bedrooms, some of them local celebrities in their way, and 'others hard masters of the old slavery days. Then there is a Coo supply of rats everywhere; and at night the fire-flieB dance in the dark ball-room, and the humming hsetbs drone about tho roomy staircase. Windows stand open night and day, of course, and through them the large black bats flit in and out unceremoniously after tun set, often whirling about our very heads even as we sit at dinner. Not less spectral are the gigentic black moths, which the negroes believe turn into these same b&ts; and when a chase occurs round one'B bedroom in the email hours of the night between the two great ghastly creatures, the bat pursuing and tho moth doubling on him at every turn, their dusky forms defined in the moonlight against the white ceiling, even a European sleeper wakened by the noise sits up a little nervously in bed, and peers unpleasantly at tho weird things from beneath the safe ebelter of his mosquito curtains. Throw in the mosquitoes themselves, with their horrid buzzing, the house lizards, the monotony of heat, the funr.liar variety of earth quakes, the occasional tornadoes, hurricanes, or cyclone*, the eigbiog of the wind through the cocoa-nute, the smouldering legends of the rebellion, tho volcanic substratum of half slave born negroes, the black faces constantly about you, the African superstitions, the neighbouring ohcah-man, and the loneliness of the peun— throw in all these, and you will have as fine a set of conditions for the production of duppies as any human being could wish to see- If the Society for Psychical Research is really in earnest, its committee on haunted houses ought to come oat to Pedro Tbwn at once, and begin investigations on the spot where all the pheno mena habitnally oecnr in each absolute pro fusion. The commonness of dnppiea about one's house, however, though psychologically in* teresfciog, ha3 its practical disadvantages as well. The servants see them at all times of day and night, and are much hindered in their household duties accordingly. Sometimes a duppy runs or flits across the passage as one of them is coming in with a trayfal of glass or orockery; ana the poor mortal, in genuine alarm, lets drop the whole tea* set on the floor with a sudden scream of unfeigned horror. More disagreeable still is the interference of the supernatural visitors with our means of communication at midnight. AH the servants sleep, West Indian fashion, in a sort of barrack at the rear of the houto, connected with it by a covered corridor ; but it is no use ringing the bells in case of unexpected illness; one mast go and hunt them up in person; or, if alone in the house, you may ring till you are tired, and in the morning yonr boy will come to your room with a long face and say to yon ruefully, ' Ah, sah, de duppies dem pawn' de bell in de night like mad ting." For ourselves, it is true, we seldom or'never—I may say never outright indeed—see an indubitable dnppy, but the ser. vants explain this by saying that white people have not often tho gift of discerning them. And in fact it is carious to live in a place where such very different grades of intelligence are cast together side by side—nineteenth . century European thought, with almost unaltered African barbarism, essentially the same in spirit as it was a couple of thousand years ago. The two Bets of people live in the same houses and join in the same external acts of life: bat for all that they live in two utterly different worlds, seeing things and mixing with beings absolutely unknown to one another. The one knows all about duppies just as certainly and unhesitatingly as the other knows all about electricity. And the negro servant who polishes one's floor with a split cocoa-nut every morning passes her days and nights among grotesque supernatural beings of African origin who are just as real and unquestionable to her as the white master and mistress from that unknown EngUnd beyond the seas - Mall Budget. The deposits in the ?outh Brisbane 'Weekly Pennv Saving Bank on Saturday last amounted to £13 7b. 9d. Speared by the Blacks—The Commissioner of Police has received a telegram stating that a man named William Pople was speared in the leg by the blacks on Saturday while cros sing the Barron River. Daring the week ending the 10th instant 3 males were admitted to the Woogaroo Lnnatio Asylum, making the number of inmates 262 males aud 235 females, which, with 9S males at the Ipswich branch, gives a total of 595. The report of the state of the Benevolent Asylum fur the fortnight ending the 9th instant shows that daring that timo one male and one female were admitted* and three males discharged, leaving the number of inmateB at 260 males, 56 females; total 316. The super intendent begs to acknowledge with thanks the receipt of a parcel of hymn books from the Evangelistic Choir, and parcels of newspapers from "Nemo" and Mr. Palmer. A New Pistol.—Mr. Charles Lancaster, of New Bond-street, has just brought out his last new invention, in the shape of a new breech loading pistol. The weapon is a great im provement on the revolver. It is really a four barrel pistol, which can be held with b >th hands like a gnn. It is hammerless. and without any projection. Its mechanism is entirely covered and protected from damp, or other damage ; its chief advantages consist in in creased accuracy of aim aac strength of shoot* iog. The barrels, which are six inches in length, are rifled on the smooth oval-bore sys tem, so that shot cartridges can be used. The pistol weighs 2 lbs. 9 oz*., and is a particularly neat, safe, and usefnl weapon, and handy for all proteotioo purposes. -Mcme Aeire. 