melboitr/ntr: (Fit03r OCTlt OWN COKllEsrONDENT.) Saturday Evening. The President of the Legislative Coun cil has tins day issued his writ for the election of a member for the Kelson Pro vince, to serve in the place of the lion. Sir Charles Sladcn, resigned. The arrange ments are as follow Day before which nomination is to be made, 2Sth Decem ber, 1SS2 ; polling, 9th January, 1883 • return of writ, lGth January, 1SS3. ' The Hawthorn railway accident pro mises to bo as fruitful a source of fees, ' retainers," and "refreshers" to the gentlemen of the long robo as its predecessor at Joliniont—if not more so. Up to the present time 110 fewer than 110 claims for compensation for alleged in janes caused by tho disaster have been sent in to tho Railway Department, and the cry is, "Still they come!" Tliev will all oe referred to the board appoin; .J to investigate all such demands, and will no doubt, be subjected to a judicious weeding out before being finally dealt with, the parties that may feel themselves aggiloved by having their claims ignored, or reduced, being left to their remedy in I the supreme Court of the colony. New candidates for public favor in the matter of electric lights continue to come forward. One of tho latest is tho pernstcen, an incandescent light, which ! is claimed to possess advantages over the 1 Itdison and other lights, inasmuch as the light proceeds from an insulating mate rial coated with carbon, which is non-des tructible, even by strong electrical cur rents. I notice by tho English papers that a society has been started, with the ob ject of collecting information in reference to ghostly appearances, presentiments, Ate., or, to borrow Mrs Crowe's term, the nightsideof nature." Someof the papers poke fun at the affair, but the Spectator thinks the subject is worth investigation, and, itself, relates a couple of ghost stories which it considers authentic. I robably some of your readers have liau curious experiences of this kind, which they have been unable to explain without having recourse to somethim outside of natural laws. , T110 airest of Mr J. Thomas, well known as the lessee of some extensive billiard-table rooms, in Bourke-strectcast, created some little sensation yesterday. It appears that in IS/ o Mr Thomas, who is an elderly and, it is said, well-to-do in dividual, was ordered by the City Bench to pay 10s per week towards the main tenance of his wife ; but ho failed to do so, and on Thursday last an' order was made against him for £179, failin failing pay ment of which, imprisonment. Sir Thomas, or his legal advisers, evidently looked on the order as a mere brat a in fitlmcn, and took 110 notice of it ; but last niglit Detective Wilson, being armed with a warrant, knocked softly at the door, and was soon confronted with the object of his search. To cut the story short, Sir Thomas is now in the Slel bourne gaol, lie, though a man of some means, being someivhat dubious about dubbing up £179 in a lump. Such ingenuity is beginning to be dis played by the criminal classes in carry in" out their nefarious designs that it almost ceases to be a matter of wonder that well designed robberies, such as that at the Post Ofiice, should for a time at least bafile the efforts of the skilled crime de tectors who are seeking to unravel tlieiu. \\\e heard of the plan adopted bv some thieves of disposing of safes with duplicate keys, in order to help themselves to the contents when the fulness of time arrived and another little anecdote which illus trates the cunning of the same class has reached me. There is a warder in a «aol not one hundred miles from Melbourne who is blessed with a fair share of the good things of this world, and this fact, somehow or other, became known to some of the individuals under his care. One ; day Mrs Clark, the wife of the warder in question, received a communication call ing lier husband away 011 urgent business. I He would probably have gone had not the writing been identified by another warder who by chance called in, as that of a re cently discharged prisoner. Thus a plan failed, which, but for an accident, might have been crowned with substantial re suits. (By Electric Telegraph.) Sunday Night. The Government do not intend to op pose Mr Cooper's motion re a grant of £1000 to the Cresivick fund, and it will probably be carried. The Government intend to circulate a Railway Management Bill, and 011 Tuesday they will adjourn for six weeks, to the middle of February if the House will pass a Supply Bill to the end of February, and also pass an act to continue the Land Act, which expires at the end of the year. Edward Farrar, of H. W. Farrar and Co., who got on board the mail steamer Assam 011 the evening of the 13th inst to come to Melbourne, has not since been seen, and fears are entertained for his safety. The Melbourne annual regatta was held yesterday on the lower Yarra, with tlie following results Junior Fours—Mel bourne, 1st ; Yarra, 2nd. Maiden Gi« Fours—Williamstown, 1st ; City, 2nd° Maiden Clinker Fours—Melbourne, 1st ; University, 2nd. Maiden Sculls—Wood (Footscray), 1st; Brown (Sandhurst), 2nd. Junior Eight (amateurs)—Victorian, 1st; Yarra, 2nd. ivrug Cup (for amateur eights)—Melbourne, 1st; Yarra, 2nd ; Civil Service, 3rd. Junior Sculls — Falk (Melbourne), 1st ; Jeffries (Yarra), 2nd. Challenge Sculls—Deal (Yarra), 1st ; "Woods (Footscray), 2nd. Senior Eights—Yarra, 1st ; Footscray, 2nd. Junior Eights — Williamstown, 1st ; Lake, 2nd." Briscoo Trophy—Mel bourne, 1st; Victorian, 2nd ; Civil Ser vice, 3rd. Maiden Eights— Melbourne, 1st ; Victorian, 2nd. Maiden Clinkers —Mercantile, 1st ; Williamstown, 2nd. Grand Challenge Fours—Victorian, 1st ; Footscray, 2nd. 