mae mm. OUR LONDON LETTER. [PUOSI OUB OWN COItllESt'OSOENr.] Lonou.v, WHi May l-rot for many years indeed has suoli n wavo of emotion swept over London socioty, from thu highest to the lowest, in on tho fiiloful Sunday morning when news camo of the mur ders in the Vhrenix l'arlc the previous evoning of r,ord Frederick Cavendish and Mr. Burke. rM(*t-/-r1nlit.\r il'do f.lio firsh fmilinrr ivil.ll ilinnV. and racraige after mossago ivai Hashed over to Dublin ti- inquiro if the dread tiding* could possibly be true. . Alas ! tho original brief telegraphic despatch prove:! only too accurate, and a3 further accounts camo to hand, with. bhcIi details -u could be given, tho full extent of the outrage be^an to bo realised. Surely no clement of tragedy was wanting. The statesman who bad come to Ireland a^ a very incarnate symbol and sign of the ' Nuw Departure' was wallcinK on a- sunlit May af ternoon, within a few hour* of his arrival, over tho frequented roadway of a public park, with litllo children playing a few hundred yarda away, when suddenly and without warning ho and his companion wore attacked by four armed men aud'dono to doath' by repeated slabs, tho four assassins escaping without lot or hindrance. Was not this a criino suuh as in it3 ironic completeness might well in spire awo-3truok silcuoa, oven when it occmrcd in poor blood st:\ined Hiborni*? Such were tho thoughts uppermost in every man's mind on that Sunday after noon. It has been truly said that no man smiled that day in London. It rarely happens that n publio event affects the demeanor of ordinary folk passing and ropassing in tho Btreeta of a. great capital — least of all when tho folk are unimpressionable Englishmen, and tho capital selfish London. But there could be no mistake about tho solemn look on your neigh bor's face on that sad 7th of May. So far the assassins remain uncaptureJ, but before these lines arc in tho hands of your readers let us hope that you may have heard by wiro ot their airest, little likelihood as there -seems at pre sent of any such consummation. In the mean time arrests are being made right and loft, both in Ireland and lOirgland, arrests which always result in the release of the person sus pected after a longer or shorter period of detention. Mr. Gladstone nhotvul his accus tomed insight in saying in his telojjram to the Indian Viceroy that ' the object of the black act plainly was to rouse indignant passions and embitter relations between Great Britain and Ireland.' Happily that object has on the wholo failed, failed much mure completely than a priori wo could have hoped. One or two isolated disturbances in this country have, however, shown us how near wo have been, nnd indued yot are, to a war of races. Thus nt Brlghoiise, in Yorkshire, whero Lord Frederick Cavendish was especially well Unowu, the English have risen upon tho Irish and practi cally driven them out of th« town. But on tho , whole we have for oncegood solid reason forprido in our countrymen and their self-possession. That , that self-possession should havo boon lost, and 'indignant passions roused,' would scorn to have been au object, not only with tho actors in the 1'hcenix Park massacre, but also, one regrets to add, with a portion of the Lon don press. Tiiat the AV. James's Giuettc should suggest, with its own inimitable delicacy of inueudo, that Mr. Gladstone is simply an* ac-r cessory baforo the fact to the murder of his well-loved colleague ; and that the young lions of tho.puilti Tcle/raph should roar after Irish flesh, is not matter for surprise. But the leader in the Times on the Monday following tho tragedy proves tho onco ' loading journal' to have fallen to a lower depth than had begn supposed. Tho usually polite and soft-spokon Pull Mull Gazelle, characterises it as ''a thoroughly calumiuous porsuiial attack, coupled with a still more infamous attempt to inflame the national passion.' Tho Homo Kulo and Land League parties in tlio United Kingdom have denounced and lamented over this last crowning outrage with all possible vehemence. On tho vory morrow of the deed, Parnell, Dillon nnd Davitt issued a manifesto lo tho pcoplo of Ireland, in which they repudiated the crimo with loathing, and bitterly described how ' it might entail conse quences more ruinous than Iiave yet fallen to tho lot of unhappy Ireland during* the present generation.' Kverywhorein Ireland thotoiiohas been similar — all the samo. Tlioro is a very general feeling, well expressed*!! the Punch car toon this week, that tho first movers in tho 'so-' cial revolution' are only reaping what they have sown. Bohiud Dantuu thero is always Slarat. First the September massacres, then tlio Terror! In the United Status, too, and in I'nritj, the discordant notes of rojuicing* havo been audiblu in certain Fenian hiding places. O'Donovnn Itossa naturally hints his own re sponsibility for the assassinations, and (what is much more serious) Mr. l'arnell compli ments Itossa and minimises tho atrocity of his offence. Mr. Patrick Egnu, from the oafo refuge of hospitable Lutetia, suggest Hint too I much has been made of tho mattor, and ! doprecate3 tho Land League's olforing a re ward for tho the discovery of the mmderers. In this connection I may mention that the Government has thought it wortli while to iiwlituto a prosecution against tho printer of tho revolutionary German paper, tlio Frtilieit, for n. sortitions libol. 1 1 may bo remembered that the editor of this unfortunate print was convicted last year of n similar olfenco and . sentenced to a punishment of eighteen months' imprisonment, which ho is now undergoing. The allcgod libel in the present case would cer tainly scum atrocious enough, whether or not the defendant bo responsible forit— a question which is tuijiulice, nnd on which therefore I abstain from pronouncing any opinion. Tho article in question Bpeaks of the cowardly doing to death of tho unofVemliiiK Lord Frederick Cavendish as n ' heroically bold net of popular justice.' 'In poli tics,' the writer goes on to nay, 'thero is no ouch thing m murder, but only a removal of obstructives ' — an ouulieniistic phroso which has nbout it a vague air of bcinir u plAjjiHrkin from Guiteau. Still, ouo may doubt whethor this prosecution, which Is Haul to havo been ndvisod by an cininont Trcaiury oouii'el, is altogether wise. Tho .sentiments of tho I'fiitieit, exprossod iu tho Gorman tongue, wore not likoly to pervert tho miiuU of the Qiic.u's liegO3 very much. Translated as thoy have been, in consoquenco of llioau proceedings, into ]'ng!inh, nnd reported in a liuinlnii! journal:-, their infltienco for ceil is multiplied indefinitely. With such exceptions, however, which do in very truth ' prove the rulo,' one common feel ing of repulsion and tli.sgust has animated all men on tliis matter, and thero can be no doubt that the hearty fashion in which tho Irish peoplo, here at homo at any rate, havo joined in the expression of this feeling, has much strengthened Mr. Glad stone's hnnds iu carrying out his determi nation not lo swerve from the po'.iey to which poor Lord Frodcriclc died a martyr. The bill for the prevention of criinu in Ireland In in truth a sufficiently drastic meaauro ; but iu uu bciiho iu it the tirst stop iu the path of vongo ance, All its main provisions were settled before the catastropho of the Cth of May, and settled at a Cabinet Council, at which Lord Frederick wa3 especially invited to attend. For all that, short of what is known as 'mar- tial law,' it '3 difficult to couce ve a moro vigorous measure of repression, and tha pro tests uilh wli ch tho Iriah party in the House havo already met it arc not dillicult lo under stand. The act is to remain in force for threo years. During that period tho Lord Licuteunnt may, in the ciso of persons charged with treason, treason-felony, murder, man slaughter, attempts to kill, and certain other aggravated crimes, suspend trial by jury in any district whore he believes a ' fair and impartial trial cannot bo had according tu thu ordinary courao of law,' and substitute trial beforo a special commission of threo judges of tho Irish Suproiuo Court. There is to be no conviction unless those three judges are unanimous, and the prisoner (but not tho Crown) is given an appeal, both on law and fact, to fa'vo other judges of tho Supremo Court. A number of now offences are proated by the bill, and all such olfonccs are to bo triab'.e boforo a court of nummary jurisdiction, to consist in tho city of Dublin of one polico magis trate, and elsewhere of two ' resident magistrates.' Among the now offences are 'intimidation and incitement to intimidation.' Those offonce3 aro very loosely dolinod indeed, and it is easily conceivable that over-zealous resident magistrates may so strain them as to include any unacceptable expression of opinion on political nr social affairs. Another now offence is tho boing out of doors more than an hour after sunset, 'under suspicious circum stances and in a proclaimed district.' The Lord Lieutenant is in sub3tance made absolute censor of tho pres3 of Ireland, with powers of (seizure and suppression of offending journals. Aliens found in Ireland may, if the authori ties think fit, be ordered to depart the United Kingdom. Full porters aro givon to the police to search for arms and illegal' documents. There is a vory useful provision that witnesses likoly to abscond may bo arrested and detained, and some wiso enact ments as lo compensation for outrages iu certain cases. The genornl feeling among the Liberal majority of the country is tolorably manifest, Tho bill is unhappily necessary, and its main principles must become law. Doubtless, on many points of detail, notably the definition of 'intimidation,' and possibly the press clauses, amendments will be made in .committee and accepted by the Government, but iu its broad principles the bill as intro duced will, one may expect, become law. This time redress of grievances is not to follow, but rather to go hand in hand with cbastisomont for offences. On (hn day on which tho Pre vention of Crimo Bill issued from the Queen's printer, M-. Gladstono obtained leave to bring in lu's Arrears Bili, iu which he deals with the accumulated arrears duo from the tenants to their landlords. Its effect may be stated very Bucoinctly. It applies only to holdings of au annual value of i'^O or less, but in all such cases its provisions can bo forced by the one party on to the other provided the ap plica-.it is willing to fulfil tho obligations put upon him. From tho Irish Church fund a sum equal to ono year's rent, provided that it is less than half the arrears, is lo bo provided, tho tenant himself haviu' to pay rent for the year 18S0-1831, and the landlord having to cancel the romaiudor of the arrears. The tenant willing to pay ono yoar'g rent can thus got completely whitewashed, while on the othor hand the landlord willing to wipo out all bo yond two years' nrrcars, can get tho rent for this term paid him. Taken fn connection with the excellent ap pointment of Mr. Trovelyan, Lord Macaulay's nephew, and most fascinating biographer, to the Chief Secretaryship, and also with tho re Joaso of the political suspects and of Davitt, theso two moasuro3 furnish a manly, straight forward, and intelligible Irish policy. Tho Tory prosa and the politicians of the moro obscure Conservative clubs have beon making much hubbub over certain transactions which took place about tlio tirao nf tho rcloaso of the throe members. There is talk about an imaginary 'Treaty of Kilinainham,' by which it was agreed that the Government should lot Mr. Parnull out, and that he in consideration thereof would Btop all further outrages. A certain Mr. Balfour, who represents Hertford, and whoso fame may possibly not have reached Ihe southern hemisphere, amid much wild talk of ' lurid lights' nnd ' comedies of MoliJ'ro,' has taunted the Government with 'stauding alone iu infamy.' Mr. Gladstono replied to this tempestuous rhetoric in his best style, and administered a stinging correc tion to thu niomber for Hertford, a correction which the honorable member will probably long remember, Tbo facts simply are that, shortly boforo his release, Mr. Parnoll wrote a Kitter to a Captain O'Shea, who k a Ministerial Home Ruler of tho Mitchell Henry group, stating that if tho Govern ment would deal uatisfactoriry with the arrears question, the hand3'of the advanced men would be strengthened in effectually de nnunoing the outrages which were dtograoiug the Irish cause. This letter Captain O'Shea showed lo Mr. Foster, and Mr. Forstor lo the Cabinet, Upon this letter it was that Mr. Gladstone opoko, and the 'New Departure' began. But at tho timo ho wroto (Jio letter, Mr. Porucll had no notion of negotiating for his own rcloaso j indeed, ho had made up bin mind to remain in Kilmaiuliam gaol till the expiration of tho Coercion Act, Nor did Mr. Gladstone, ns ho has. repeatedly explained, thero is no dnuying that in an Incredibly Bhort period Ihoy havo spread their mfiuimco over coiuo to uuy ' uuJsraUndiiiji,' far loss muku any 'treaty' with tho land lea^ucri 1 There is nothing in llio whole business but : what is honorable to thcGoveriimcnt and (onoi. i bound to add) to Mr. P.-uuell also. Unhanpjly ;' however, Mr. Foster has thromdioul the mil! f muled and bitturly personal doCiitea to why' i the transaction has given rise— intentionally i' or not— played the Tories' game, and done hU p li03t lo discredit his Into colleagues, and ta £ throw on Mr. Pnruoll the undeserved odium '' of earing moro for his own liberty than any. k thing else. '? ' i Tho Egyptian insurrection appears likely t, 5 \- prove ouly a uine days' wonder after all. 'J'lio \ march of events hai beon exceedingly rapij li tho nculo (stage of . tho crisis boing reached \\\ throe days ago, when on the one hand Arabi f summoned out the reserves, and on the oilier I the uuitod powen of France and England de. i' termiucd to bring the moral force of Uu f two countries to boar on tho delinquent k and accordingly despatched a fleet 0! ' ironclads just to show the world that f they meant business. But the tide haj \ turned, and matters appear to be now going all j the other way. Arab!,' tho insubordinate h Minister of War, has kissed the feet of hij I sovereign and cried jmeavi, and this pleasant ! climax is doubtless a3 much the result of tlm ; moral force before allnded to ns of tho fact I that tho reserves did not by any moans dis. f play that readiness to respond to the appeal ! of their leader which was expected of them but turned out iu tiieir ttuits rather Umu in their thousand?. The capital punishment question has once again formed the subject of a bill in tho House of Commons, which has just passed its second i reading. Previous measures upon the subject [ havo, ns ,v rulo, advocated the total abolition ! of the death penalty, but tho majority of mem. bers, whilst not offering any strenuous oppoji lion to tho idea, have hitherto hesitated nt taking a decisive stop. The present bill— ths committee on which is deferred till July, so as to leave tho way clear for the Irish business — does not propose ruthlessly to repoil tho existing law, but merely to make, in it cer. j tain modifications which will in effect lead to its belter administration. Thu j it defines inoro clearly tlio various grades of homicide, dividing murder into two sections, viz., murders of tlio first class and murders of tho second clas3, the former of which only is to bo punishablo by death. Sorao such classification is certainly needed, failing the entire abolition of the gal lows, for under the existing system many per sons committing actual murdor, though not of so flagrantly brutal a nature a3, in the opinion ot juries, to warrant 'hanging,' nre, by way 0! compromise, merely convicted of manslaughter. Punishment should to meted out to offenders according to the grade iu which their guilt stands, nnd a measure such ns the present, enabling juries to distinguish between mur ders of theGrst nnd second degrees, ns is done in other countries, will bo sure to meet with the approval of the country. I am inclined to think, however, that capital punish ment, under any circumstances, cannot much longer continue in force in this country. The subject is one that ha3 long since become hack neyed, but as often as any great tragedy occuh so often also does tho question of the ox pediency of hanging become uppermost in tlio public mind. There is, too, an increasing re luctance on the part of jurora to return ver dicts which carry death to the convict, and whenever there is Iho slightest room for doubt the prisoner is givon the benefit of it. Indeed, every execution of- note seems to bring nearer the time when society shall havo ceased to de mand such an extreme measure of justice, and when the gallows shall iu England have be come a ghost of the past. Whilo in Vienna those responsible for tlio terrible fire at the King Thcatro havo been undergoing criminal trials, a disaster of a simi lar nature has been happening at Berlin. Tho present month wa3 to be noteworthy in tho history of tho Prussian capital by renson of the opening of an hygienic exhibition, at which were to bo exhibited instruments, apparatus and appliances used in preserving and conserv ing health; and from all parts of the continent and America exhibits had been received in largo numbers. The goods were stored in a building which seems almost to have boon specially designed for destruction by fire. Old timber, thickly coated every where with tar and oil parnt, is, one would think, scarcely the material with which to build a structure in which arc to bo stored ex hibits of all kinds and descriptions, many of them of an inflammatory naturo, and to which access is to be allowel lo a careless, pleasure seeking public. , Yet this seems lo havo been tho kiud of structiiro put up by the enterpris ing Bcrlinose for their hygienic exhibition; and there is therefore little room for wonder ing that when, through causes which remain a mystery, a fire broke out, the wholo edifice was reduced to 'ashes in. the space of a single half hour. A Berlin paper, in an article on tho disaster, EarOBstically observed that such a building belonged rather to the province of a cremation society than tu one for the saving of life. However this may be, tho wholo ex hibition building and its contents have been destroyed, and the I033 to exhibitors in all parts of tlio world must be immense, Still moro serious is it that many things havo been destroyed that can never be replaced ; and de spite the very pluimix-like efforts which ate being mado to build up another exhibition in the nehes of the old one, it is to be feared that in anothor year tho scientific nnd inventiva exhibitors, who havo been so severely bitten by this fire, will be too shy to make another effort successful. During the past twelve mouths readers of The Aye have from time' to time hoard somo thing of the doings of tho Salvation Army. Generally tho news concerning tho ' army' has been as unsatisfactory as anything con nected with riots and street rows can well bit. But dospito— perhaps rather I should say in consequence — of thu belligerent way in which its proceedings have been conducted, the army has certainly now becomo a strong religious power in the country. According to the statements, put forward by its representa tive:!, the Salvation Army now numbers 83 many as 301 branches, which aro presided over by ti-lfp officers. Kvory week it holds 5000 servicos, at which sitting accommodation w provided for 200,000 persona. Only a day or two ago the army was ablo to spend jCIS.OOO iu purchasing, and X8000 in getting up, now national barracks and a Congress Hall in U'a neighborhood of Hackney, and this is tho moro rcmarkublo when ono remembers Iho un deniable fact that tho rccruite who join it ar* always from Iho poorer classes. Whatover ono may think of tho nature of t!ia work douo by those, oncr^ctio ovangolisU tte whole kingdom j and it may he questioned ?tflcthi-r to-day the Salvation Army hasjiot it grenter sum total of influonco than any other vojiipons denomination in the kingdom. At tfce lcccnt meetings of the Houso of Convoca tion, Die proceedings of the army wore taken into consideration ; and an attempt ia to be made on the part of the Church to induce the Boldien of the new faith to carry her banners. The doctrine of the Salvationists ia merely the. doctiine of tho Church, a little intensified, and General1 Booth, the founder and head of the new movement, lias already expressed a wil lingness to co-operate with tho establishment. Ih tho past John Wesley was -allowed to drift away froni Uio church owing to the cold ness and persecution with which he was iin Bailed, hut, wiser in -their generation, the authorities in the church to-day act1 very diffucntly ; arid'- it is not unlikely that the erratic, oceontric, hut still energetic Salvation Aimy may now bo adopted by it and turned to promoting its influence. 