THE INSUB^CE CCMSPIB4CY CASE. One of the most extraordinary cases that ever in any country came before a Court of Justice was concluded late last .night by a verdict of guilty. It wa3 a charge against Barker, Hicks, Forsyth, and Dr. Hoi ton of conspiring to defraud the Avsti?iian Mutual Provident So ciety by insuring the life of David Weatherhead as a good He when in fact he was in a moribund condition. Barker and Hicks were insurance brokers and canvassers for insurance, and \\*hen the fraud n d'.covercd they were the first and, for some time, the only persons who fell under srspicion. At the Police Court they were originally the only persors charged, but the policy having come by p^signment into the hands of Forsjth, he was put into the witness-box by the prosecuting counsel, and as the result of examination was added to the other defendants. So the life having been reported upon favourably by Dr. Hoi ion, he was a natural witness for the prosecution : but having deposed to his report upon Weatherhead as a sound man, when, in fact, he was a hopeless consumptive, and having negatived personation by averring himself to have been a percipient witness of a signature proved to have been that of the consumptive Weatherhead, Dr. Horton, like Forsjth, found his way from the witnes3-box to the dock. All this was unusurl, but not illegal, and not necessarily unfair. The defen dants were all four committed for trial, and all four admitted to bail. rorsyin, oemg possessed or ample means, escaped, probably without much injury to those who were responsible for him ; Hicks was accepted as a witness for the Crown ; Barker, perhaps hearing of this, at the last moment d^goised himself and left, but was brought back again; ?wfrie Er. Horton, from first tola3t, never attempted to shift his ground. Forsyth having disappeared, and Hioks, who was accepted as a witness for the Crown, having a verdict of ' not guilty' recorded agrrst him, the only defendants Brought to trial were Barker and Dr. Horton. The readers of the papers, as well as the large audience which daily crowded the Court, are pretty familiar with the leading facts. Some of the Insurance Societies had long been urging their claims to public patronage in a manner which ?would be beneath the dignity of a retail tradesman, and dangerous of imitation by a boy who se^s newspapers to the street. Vying with one another for the somewhat limited andprecauori harvest to be reaped among a sparse popu lation, they hod stimulated theircanvassers to the utmost, and Barker, emulating Richardson's booth, was allowed to have a tent at the Exhibition, with 'I-'fe .Assurance' outride and whisky and a doctor within. We may perhaps credit Hicks with a lucid interval of veracity when he states that it occurred to him that 'this gambling in lives' might be turned to the account of himself md Barker. Whether or not, Barker, as Bicks states, immediately accepted the suggestion, and pointed out Dr. Horton is the practitioner who world 'do the needful,' and Weatherhead as the nrpvt rile on which the first experiment was to be made, it is certain that Weather head's life was assured, though he was marked for a speedy death by consump tion; and the Juiy have come to the conclrsion that Dr. Horton passed it as the life of a sound man, and that he did so in collusion with the rest of the defen dants, and with a view of sharing their profits. At all events we find Barker and Forajth accommodating the doctor with money, and afterwards open'Dg a joint account between themselves. We find Barker, the confidential and 'trusted agent of the Austialipn Mutral P«n ident Society, who had hiir.self signed the ' friends' report,' speaking in the highest terms of Weather head's health and longevity, brought im mediately afterwards to the fullest know ledge that he was little else than a living ghost, and nursing him during the expiring flicker of life with the money advanced to Weatherhead himself by Forsjth in his capacity of capitalist. We find Barker— whose plain duty it was if he had acted honestly before to have informed the Society at this stage of all the facta— taking a cottage at Brighton to receive the living ghost in which the partnership first speculated, ard Hicks— who wished to matriculate and study medicine — accept'ng the duty of companion to the sick man, accompanied, as it was, by free lodg ings in contiguity to Mr. Caterer's Bchool, which served as a Gradus ad Parnassum to this ambitious student. Barker then take3 Weatherhead to Mel bourne, but; though the voyage wp/j 6ne, scarce expected him to land. Deserting Mr. Caterer's school, Hicks again follows as mrae, and lie and Barker take the poor man on board the Drumlanrigg to 'ship' him to England, in pretended response to one af those home longings which escape from lying lips, but really with the full con Fiction that the man would reach his 'long liome' long before the anchor was let go on English shores. Indeed, the very death that he was to die was prophetically arranged, if we may believe Hicks, by means of a douceur to the captain — as to which we shall be curious to know what that captain will say. Barker next returns to Adelaide, and from then until the final scene Hicks from time to time telegraphs mys terious information to his colleagues, and receives from them equally myste rious cautions and instructions, a'l having evident reference to the speculation on hand. The last scene at length came, Weatherhead, with ice in each hand and in his mouth, grinned his parting recognition to Hicks, whom he hated and despised as thoroughly as he seems to have liked Barker; a convenient ceiiificate was obtained from a pliable physician, attri buting the death to a three months' phthisis; £23 was spent upon a decent funeral ; Mr. Littlewood, the landlord earned his ten shillings by following the ' dear defunct ;' the telegraph went to work again, and notice of the death was given, tothe Society on the part of Forsvth as assignee of the Dolicv. Be mortuisnil nisi bonum is a maxim honestly 'applicable to the only actor who is prevented fby death from coming forward at the .close of thU disgusting drama. Though he lied about himself in his application for his policy, and knew that he was doing it for a fraud, there are few men who would not prefer the reputation of Weather head, true to his falsehood to the last, and grinning his farewell with the ice between his teeth, rather than the evil fame of the treacherous and contemptible coward who even boasts that he offered to the Crown, as the price of his libexiy, false hoods which were to re the destruction of one of h's co-defendant3. And when, ha\ ing trafficked w Ith the Crown for his liberty, he was proved equally ready to traffic with his fellows for hi'3 escape in consideration of a written con fession of his intended perjury, he must be credited with having achieved a repute as infamous as ever was attained by one removed from the dock to the witness-box. Nothing was more unwise than for the Crown to put forward such a witness— nothing, if we are to iudse bv his contemptuous refe rences to the man, could have been more unpalatable to the Crown Solicitor than the decision to call him; and the Jury will have been grossly unjust if they have allowed his testimony to weigh even aa a feather in the scale against the defendants. The counsel for the defence recognised fully that to have the evidence of such a person brought against their clients would be a strong point in their favour, and nothing corld have been more unwarrantable than the attempt of the prosecution to connect them with the man's proposed escape. In spite of the crucial blunder of relying in any way upon one from whom the Arch Traitor might have learned lessons in baseness, the prosecution was conducted from first to last with in telligence and marked ability ; but we wish, in the interests of criminal justice in general, that this initial error had been the only one. We refer es pecially to that frequent stickling for the exclusion of evidence for the defence which would have been very proper in a civil ti'ri, as, for instance, in an action on a policy of assurance, but wears the appearance of harshness when employed to defeat a criminal defence. It is the true attitude of a Crown prosecutor to welcome all evidence wbich sheds light upon the case for whichever ; Bide it makes, and not to hamper the elucidation of facts by in sisting on the remoter rules of the Uw of evidence, in itself sufficieintly embar rassing. Happily the trial took pi? ;e before a learned gentleman who was evidently deternv'ued from the outset on the fair and constitutional ^'scharge of a difficult duty. We could have wished that His Honor had s: 3n his way cl' ar to keep oat a good derl of the evidence that was given, and to rcrtnvu rather than countenance uncalled -Jot remarks im puting 'o colon's* i pre-enrnence in pro fanity; but h;-j patience pnd sk:1l in presiding at the trial crnot be too highly spoken of. We have Jno doubt that the Ju;y were enabled to see quite sufficient evidence of guilt, after rejecting the testimony of Hicks, to guide them to the conclrsion at which they have auived. But there wai one act of vnfainK's which we feel it neces sary to point out, though we forbear from -'ndicating its authors. Barker's course! had never opened his mouth to set forth h;s client's case until late at night on the last day of the trial. The prose cution had opened at length, Dr. Horton's counsel had opened, called witnesses, and cammed up, and the proi ;ution had fol lowed byareply of sixhours, whichis worthy to be ranked among the best examples of forensic oratory of which the r ::ords of a colonial Court can boast. For the counsel for Barker to be called upon late at night, after a fatiguing and anxious day, to make —as though he were a piece of iron mechanism— his first and only Bpecch in Favour of the defendant who wa3 most implicated, and to a Jury who were then least able to attend to it, was an ict of rery great harshness, and might have turned out to be an act of injustice.. We trust it will not be re peated in this colony. So far as the con rfcted persons are concerned, we forbear, secause of similar trials which are likely ;o be brought on, from making any com nent on the verdict of last night jeyond saying that it will take few people by surprise. But so far as the rwdence given has thrown light on the sonduct of the Insurance Societies, it is air food for comment. They will do well in future to employ a d'tferent soii of agent from men of the Hicks type, for there is no natural connection between life insurance and unblushing rascality ; and what is more important, when they have found respectable canvassers it will be as well not to so unduly stimulate their zeal in catching business as to induce them to regard as idle forms the friends' letters and the other mechanical and moral safe guards by which the solvency of the Society 'are protected. This much, at least, is due to the public, who have every wish to encourage a resp: stable system of assurance for the sake of its economical and moral benefits. 