BRIEF CHRONICLES. His Royal Highness Prince Leopold (tho Duke of Albany) lias started on a cruise for tho benefit of his health. The vintage in Franco this year is back ward, and the yield is poor, both in quantity and quality. ; The authorities in Ireland report that there has been of late a gratifying decrease of crime in the disturbed districts. An employe of the post-office at Thar- gomindah, namod Wilson, has been arrested . on a charge of abstracting letters. The three Studds, the cricketing trio, are said to be prominent members of the Salvation Army. The total population of Australasia is 2,835,954. The aborigines of Victoria number 780 ; of New South Wales, 1,643 ; of South Australia, 6,346 ; of Western Australia, 2,346 ; of Queensland, 20,585 ; and of New Zealand (Maoris) 44,097. There wero 20,525 maraiages in Aus tralasia during last year, and 5,S96 of these took place in Victoria. The public debt of Victoria averages £25 Ss od per head of the population. The lowest taxed people in the colonies are tho South Australians. They pay £1 ISs 7d per head while Victorians pay £2 6s 7d.. The higheHrate,. £3; 16s ,3rl. I. palA jc.—- £Uaiauuers, ' and; Western Australians come very close to this amount,. The highest birth-rate and highest death- rate in the colonies are in New South Wales.;, the lowest birth-rate- is; in- Victoria, and the lowest death rate- is in New Zealand. The tender of the Belgium Export com pany,. for- the- supply, ot 30,000 tons, of steel rails: and fish bolts, at £195,000, has been accepted by the Railway department. Twenty-three bakers, in. Melbourne,, heavily fined for selling light-weight bread. More prosecutions to follow. Since the commencement of the year, 1628 miner's rights have been issued at Temora. A sum. of £25,000 has been granted by the South Australian Assembly for assisted immigration and the introduction of female domestic servants.. The Wimmera papers state, that Bosco, the ventriloquist, has been arrested for passing valueless cheques. A Richmond physician says that if peo ple will take a bath in. hot whisky and rock salt twice a. year, they will escape rheuma tism and colds . Two hundred and fifty-five prosecutions under the Excise Act have taken place dur ing the last year, and less than a dozeu have failqd. The Government will shortly require the services of a hangman and flagellator, vice Upjohn resigned. It is said that five millions have been got from the British public for worthless patents in connection with, the electric light,. and that most of these- patents are airead forgotten. Dean Baekhaus. has. left most of his valuable property to the church. A fine comet is now to be seen in the. eastern sky by any one who will, get up at five in. the morning to see it. The Hebrew community have decided to form a society for the protection of. desti tute orphans of their race. The Sydney Synod are quarrelling over the election of a bishop, and cannot agree as to whom, they will choose. Three boys, who .assaulted a Chinaman at St Arnaud, were fined three pounds each for the offence. 30,000 kangaroos have been killed on one station in Albury since last December. The question of the federation of the Australian colonies has cropped up in the Assembly, and both Sir Bryan O'Loghlen nd Mr Berry are opposed to it. The bees in some of "the country districts of South, Australia, have nearly all perished . from the wet and cold. A young fisherman named Carstairs, who was. only recently married, has been drowned by. the- capsizing, of his. boat on. the lake near Cunninghame., The Ballarat ghost was effectually laid on Friday night. A young lady attacked it with a cudgel and a dog, and after re- ceiving a severe blow the apparition ac- knowledged being a young girl of the neighborhood, and begged for mercy. At Geelong on Friday, a Chinaman who had attempted to kiss a young lady against her will was sent to gaol for two years with hard labor, as a rogue and vagabond. Dervisch Pasha will command the Turk- ish Troops in Egypt. He will be ac- compained by Baker Pasha as chief of staff. The giraffe has never been known to utter a sound. In this respect it resembles a young lady in a concert when a gentle- man gives her his seat. " Some men," says an American editor, " are born poor, others achieve poverty, and a legion more start newspapers and live on cord wood and promises." Marriage has been defined by a cynic as " an insane desire to pay for the board and lodging of another man's daughter." The ladies of Paris have taken to keep- ing private railway carriages. Experiments made with asbestos paint seem to show that it renders wood perfectly fire proof. The wild dogs are becoming very fero- cious at Donald, where on Monday they killed and ate a calf of five months old. One of the Maori Embassy has been ex- patiating on the wrongs of his country in excellent English, at a London discussion forum. The conviction of two men for riding a bicycle and horse race at Winchelsea on a Sunday has been quashed by the Supreme Court. The service of a summons, in a registered letter, delivered by the postal authorities to the legal manager of the Lone Hand Min- ing Company, has been held sufficient by the Supreme Court The dispute between the Japanese and the Coreans has been adjusted. The cholera in the Philippine Islands is now decreasing. Fourpenny pieces have not been minted since 1856. Mrs Manning, wife of Edward Manning, hotelkeeper, of Warragamba, was killed by lightning on Friday night. The body was found next morning. St. Mary's Roman Catholic Cathedral, Sydney, was formally opened on Friday, in the presence of four thousand people. Archbishop Vaughan, all tho New South \\\ ales bishops, and 100 priests wpre in at« tendance, A mother, at Horsham, is prosecutin" her sou for marrying whilst under twenty- one years of age. The Very Rev. Dean Backliaus died at Sandhurst on Thursday night. He was 73 years old, and one of the wealthiest men in bundhurst. He loaves about £100,000, the most- of which, it is expected, will go to the church. Roger V ard. a youth aged nineteen, has been drowned in the Nepean River while bathing. Sir Henry Parkes is seriously ill, and prayers wore offered in the Sydney churches on Sunday for lus recovery. On Wednesday last the Australian Eleven unished a match with the county team of Nottingham, when they won the game by 1st runs.t The Nottingham players were put out m their secoud innings for 4S runs. s 