THE LATE CAPTAIN G. B. JOHNSTON. The funeral of Captain George B. Johnston, took place at Goolwa on Sunday, June 18. As the deceased had endeared himself through life to many, he had a large circle of friends. As the day drew near many persons from the other colonies, as well as from distant parts of this colony found their way to this quiet township. From Adelaide, especially, there was a large representation. At 2 o'clock the scholars of the Wesleyan Sabbath- school (of which he had been, a super- intendent). assembled in front of his late resi- dence. The Rev. G. W. Patchell having con- ducted a short service in the house, got the children to sing one of the captain's favourite hymns. Then the procession, about a quarter of a mile long, proceeded towards Currency Creek cemetery, the scholars and teachers going in trucks by the tramline. When reaching the Creek station, in addition to the children, they were met by a large body of the Oddfellows and Foresters of Port Elliot and Victor Harbor. On approaching the cemetery the already vast crowd was augmented by hundreds of country people. The Rev. G. W. Patchell conducted the service according to the form of the Wesieyan Church, of which Mr. Johnston had been a member for many years. The Oddfellows also had a service read, after which the minister gave out the last hymn which the captain had sung before his death, and the greater portion of the people joined in singing it heartily. In the evening a service was held in the Wesleyan church, Goolwa. There was a large congregation, the nave of the building being quite packed. The Rev. G. W. Patchell took for his text Rev. xiv.13— "And I heard a voice from heaven saying unto me. Write blessed are the dead which die in the Lord from henceforth; yea, saith the Spirit, that they may rest from their labors, and their works do follow them." He said:— Christianity affords man the noblest views of life, and awakens the highest and purest thoughts, hopes, and feelings respecting the future. It satisfactorily solves the great pro- blems of Life, Death, and Eternity. It dispels the darkness which rested on these subjects for ages, and gives us clearly to understand them. We do not bend over the graves of our departed friends, and with palpitating hearts and with weeping eyes mourn as those who have no hope. For we have a hope— a living hope— and we know, that although the earthly house of this tabernacle be dissolved we have a building of God— an house not made with hands, eternal in the heavens. The Apostle John in the dreary Isle of Patmos had many and glorious revelations. The light of God's countenance shone upon him, and this made his banishment enjoyment. It cheered his spirit, comforted his soul, and strengthened him to submit to and bear the afflictive scenes of his life. The Roman Emperor who trans- ported him to this rocky, barren, miserable isle in the Grecian Archipelago might confine his body within certain limits, but his soul was free— free to be happy in the favor and revelations of God. By these revelations he saw the conflicting scenes of the moral world; the triumphs, of truth, holiness, and righteous- ness over error, superstition, and sin, and the universal extension of Christianity. He was also permitted to look into the invisibles state, and become acquainted with the condition of those who had served God on earth, and who had entered the world of spirits. My text is a verse in proof of this. In directing your attention to the subject of this passage we propose, in the first instance, to make a few observations on the state of the dead ; in the next place notice, the character and blessedness. of those here mentioned; and then the security given not only to console us in the death of pious friends, but to guide and sup- port us in our own course to heaven. May God help us to meditate aright on these important words on this solemn occasion. 1\. Man was made in the image of his Maker, a feature of which was immortality, but when man sinned he lost that image, and his body became mortal. It was then announced to him by God, "Dust thou art, and unto dust shalt thou return." By sin death entered the world with all its woe. Respecting death there have been strange views entertained. Some have spiritualised it into an angel ; others transformed it into a demon. The nights of poetry have clothed it in various aspects ; but "Death and his image rising in the brain bear faint resem- blance—never are alike." Philosophically speaking, death is the reverse of life. St. Paul, who studied the subject in its mys- teriousness, applies to it the word "un- clothed." To die is to be "unclothed." This is the most beautiful and appropriate descrip- tion that ever was uttered by mortal lips. The soul is distinct from the body, and when it departs it is stripped of its earthly cover- ing; it is no longer encumbered with flesh and blood, it is untrammelled and free. Looking at the dead body as it is a strong feeling of melancholy comes over us, and we do not wonder that from particular appear- ances a high decree of alarm was excited in ignorant minds in regard to the future. Nature exhibits little or no difference between the death of the beast and that of man. There seems with many a general decline in soul and body. Death seems to close the scene, and the grave to put a period to the prospects of man. The words of Job, xiv., 14, clearly sets forth this anxiety, of mind — "If a man die shall he live again ?" There is hope of a tree if it be cut down, that it sprout again, and that the tender branch thereof will not cease — "Though the root thereof wax old in the earth, and the stock thereof die in the ground ; yet, through the scent of water it will bud and bring forth boughs like a plant, but man dieth and wasteth away; yea, man giveth up the ghost, and where is he ?" Annihilation is a thought we cannot bear. To be an outcast from existence, to mingle with the dust and be scattered over the earth as if the breath of life had never animated our frame, is a thought so dark and so intolerable that we dare not entertain it. Is that which was more valuable than the whole material universe crushed into nonentity like a worm? Is that which shone brighter than all the stars extinguished as a transitory spark ? Having one moment opened his eyes on the evidences of the boundless wisdom, goodness, and glory of the Almighty, is man to close them the next moment in eternal darkness ? It is not so. It cannot be. The Star of Bethlehem hath shone on the shades of death. Life and immortality are brought to light by the gospel. Death changes the mode of our being, but the existence remains. All souls are living. The soul by death is simply "un- clothed." The perceptions and sensations and feelings are freed from everything earthly and material, and are in possession of a degree of perfection infinitely above everything which they had while living in this world. The unclothing of the body may be only the perfection of consciousness in relation to things eternal. When the body is put off and left here— when the spirit is "unclothed"— it becomes awfully conscious of the presence of God, of the presence of other spirits, and of the full nature of the state into which it has entered, whether of happiness or misery. The state of the dead is not a state of oblivion, but one of perfection in knowledge in reference to eternal and spiritual things. But we are directed by this passage to some of the dead whose character and. blessedness claim our notice and attention. They are those who die in the Lord. This refers no doubt to those who died in and for the cause of their Saviour, many of whom "were stoned," "were sawn asunder," were beheaded, were rolled down hills in spiked barrels, were burned to ashes, at the stake, and whose dust lies mouldering in the catacombs of Rome, around the mountains of Switzerland, and in the dust of Smithfield —in a word, the noble army of the martyrs of every land and of every tongue—these died in and for the Lord. But the words also apply to all the pious dead. They have "fallen asleep in Christ;" they are the dead in Christ;" they "died in the Lord." From this it may be inferred they lived at least a portion of their time in the Lord. With some their service in this life is longer than with others. But with all who thus de- parted a vital union existed between them and their Saviour. At some time previously they humbly and believingly consecrated themselves to Christ. They experienced God's pardoning favor, His adopting love, and His renewing grace. Thus, having taken refuge in Christ, and being accepted, the great union was established. This union was not merely nominal and external, but real and internal, illustrated in Scripture by "a marriage tie' by the head of the body and its members, by a "vine and its branches." This union is the source of life and activity. It seals the Christian's title to eternal life. All the Christian graces, all the fruits of righteousness which bloom in the vineyard of the Lord and adorn the lives of Christians, owe their productive origin to this union. Our Saviour said, "Abide in Me and I in you. I am the vine, ye are the branches. As the branch cannot bear fruit of itself except it abide in the vine, no more can you except ye abide in me. Without me ye can do nothing.'' Now he who "dies in the Lord" has this union when death comes. It is not that he once had it, but he has it at that final and solemn moment. Christ is his accepted Saviour, and he is saved in the Beloved. Thus his lamp is trimmed, his light is burning, he has on the wedding garment, and he is pre- pared for the coming of his Lord, whether it be at evening, midnight, cockcrowing, or in the morning. What I say, however, is not intended to exclude a late returning prodigal from the hope of salvation. Though most men die as they live, there may be excep- tional cases. Some may find mercy, like the penitent thief, at the eleventh hour. This is for the encouragement and hope of all who have neglected to prepare to meet. God till life is about to close. But let it not be looked upon as a licence to squander life's short day in sin with the hope that mercy can be had at the last moment. Such is a peradventure full of uncertainty. The penitent thief is a peculiar case, and the only case on record. ', Don't leave the settlement of the Tast concerns m-n/t your eternal interests to your last moments. * To be prepared when the summons £ roin God is given is of the greatest i&porxaiiDe.; Hippy they who are thus found. ' ol-jsse'd are the dead that die in the Lord.' The blessedness here spoken of embraces tfaj enjoyment of deliverance aad anticLpitija - 'they rest from their labors and their wj/ks do follow them.' The word ' labor' has beea defined 'the act of doing what requires painful exercise and wearisome perseverance,' and is often usedfor trouble. Tne word ' reaf' is of an opposite meaning. It means a state of tranquillity, freedom froai all that dis turbs and wearies, and the possession of th.it ta hich invigorates and gives high gratification and pleasure. Hence it is not a word which relates to a state of unconsciousness. When the mind has been harassed with business and the body overtaxed with labor, the pleasant relaxation which a man feels in the evening in the bosom of his family, in the free and pleasant exchange of social intercourse, majr by him be regarded as rest. When a penitent soul laboring and heavy laden comes to Christ and believes upon him with his whole heart, he findsrest ; but still he must live in this world, where perfect rest cannot be enjoyed. There is a necessity for constant prayer, for anxious watching over the de ceitful heart, against the snares and tempta tions of the world, and against the wily foe of righteousness. There is careful atten dance on reading, exhortation, doctrine — but all these shall lave an end. Volumes of divinity, pulpit ministrations, warnings and advicesof friends will no longer be necessary. Prophesying* shall cease, tongues shall fail, knowledgein the imperfect manner in which it is now attained shall be done away. From all that is harassing and wearying there will be release and rest. And from all natural evils, top, there willbs rest. From the ravages of diseases, the wasting inroads of consump tion, the burning excitement of fever— from racking pains, depressing melancholy — from diseases and griefs innumerable— all tears, sighing,? and sorrow are done away. All reproaches, jieraecutions, and imprisonnieats for the cause of God terminate. Here enemies of God and tyrants to the good have no power. The wicked cease from troubling and the weary are at rest The good fight is fought, the course is finished, the goal attained, the victory won. The soul reposes in the enjoyment of God, the understanding rejoices in the possession of a degree of strength and widespread knowledge of which it had no just conception before. In this world the discovery of a little knowledge causes the heart to leap for joy, and *' Eureka' is trumpeted round the globs. But what will be the joy when the vast sphere of heavenly knowledge is exposed to .our view. Memory, never at rest, retraces with quickness the gradations of God's provi dence, the exhibitions of His lave, and the numerous acts of His mercy ; the affections exult in the fruition of fulness of joy and pleasures at God's right hand for evermore. Here is association with the highest, purest, and brightest spirits of creation. Here is a grand assembly of spirits, and ever increasing, for they are constantly coming, from the east and from the west.'and from the north and from the south. This is the heavenly Sabbath, the eternal rest. What high emotion must prevailin these realms of bliss. The language of the text directs us also to the enjoyment of anticipation. 'Their works do follow them.' This carries us on to the judgment of the great day, when the good realised by their works in this world will be duly tabulated for reward. Their works do follow them— not precede them. Union with it is the immediate cau3e of their salvation, but that onion does not precede from their works ; rather their works proceed from that. Their entering into rest is the result of union with their Saviour, but their works are spoken of as quite a distinct thing from this. Thousands of years of rest may be enjoyed before their works and re ward shall stand forth together. There shall be increased reward by them. 'Behold I come quickly,' said the Saviour, ' and my reward is with me to give to every man ac cording as his work shall be/' Not, you will \- observe, as his work was, or as it is, but as it ' shall be.' This shows a propriety in the judgment taking place at the end of the world's existence. A difference may be drawn between a man's personal character, embrac ing as it does the principles of action and the actions themselves. Principles are inseparably connected with ourselves, but actions are their offspring, and become the property of others. The offspring of principles may be words, actions, or writing. These go from us and live, and operate independent of us, and may live and operate until the day of eternity. Ko one can tell what his works shall be until the judgment day. There cannot be any mature judgment when a man dies. A man's ?worksTare not prepared for judgment then. ; they survive him, remaining when he has passed away, exercising an influence when he is forgotten, and operating with a power, the full effects of which cannot be known until Time closes. Is it not so with the words and actions of Christ? And if we may respectfully mention the names of His servants with their master, who would say Martin Luther is dead in this world, or J. Wesley, or thousands of others. Their works are following and pro ducing an amount of good that wul increase their reward, when they shall be judged. And so -with all good people. It is not true v hat Shakespeare says, 'The evil that men do lives after them, the good is oft interred ?with their bones.*3 The good is not interred. It lives, and works, and operates beneficially on many. Whether the good done was in words, or actions, or writings, it carries with it a power that will last until the end of Time. And when the God of infinite wisdom esti mates the good a man has been the means of doing He will rewardhim accordingly. Then the soul reunited with the resurrection body ?will enter fully into the enjoyment of the blessings of glory. This will be heaven — ' an inheritance not made with hands — eternal in the Heavens.' The most glorious thought ?which can engage our affections or command our souls is an eternity of glory. Think of a life of happiness in this world ending ; think of glory beginning ; think of years, ages upon ages, millions upon millions, countless as the sands which hem the sea, countless as the stars which light the firmament, and when these lend there is still 'fulness of joy and pleasure for evermore.' Sorely this is glory —a weight of glory— an eternal weight of glory. Tlie strongest effort of imagination will not enable us to form more than a faint glimpse of the ascending vista of everlasting life, pictured out in the receding and still re ceding immensity that lies along in the un abated and unabridged perspective of glory. There you have scene after scene, fountain after fountain, mansion after mansion, glory upon the view *p higher, loftier, more mag mficent bloom, enrapturing with beauty, gorgeousness, and glory, which fully meet the highest aspirations and immortal longings of the redeemed in Heaven. Sow we shall briefly notice the security given for all this— 'I heard a voice from Heaven saying unto me, Write, Blessed are the dead which die in the Lord from hence forth ; yea, saith the Spirit, that they may rest from their labors; and their works ?do follow them.' How impressive was this to a man alone in a wretched island. It was delivered in such a way that he was not likely to forget it, and this was the object of God. He wished it to be remembered and to be pro claimed to Ms people throughout all ages for their comfort and hope. In addition to these impressive circumstances he was commanded to 'write.' What is spoken is often of short duration, but what is written is to abide, to last as the Word of the Divine Spirit for all time. Here then is a security we dare not doubt. It is heavenly security. It is God's. His words are founded on infinite wisdom, sovereign good ness, eternal mercy. This is an ''filing assurance. Here our hope stands on a rock. -God is not man that he should lie, or the son of man that he should repent. Hith he not promised, and shall he'not perform. It is ?true — true for us alL Hallelujah, praise the Iiord! Now I will give a portion of the sketch of Captain Johnston's life, supplied toy Mr. T. Goode, jun. :—' George Bain -Johnston was born at Cockenzie, in the county of Haddingion, Scotland, on the 28th November, 1829. He was educated at Steel's Hospital, parish of Tranent. At the age of 15 years he became an apprentice on board the schooner Mary Donaldson, under Captain James Donaldson, in the employ of Mr. Hugh Francis Cadell, and served four years in the foreign trade. At the expiration of this time he went to England, and in 1852 came to Australia. The following year he joined Captain Francis Cadell and came round *o Goolwa. His first expedition on the river -was to take a survey of the Murray from Went ?worth downwards in a small boat, marking -the channel in order to ascertain where the obstacles in the river lay. His first voyage -was with Captain Cadell, in the River Murray Navigation Company's steamer Lady Augusta. In 1855 be became captain of the Albury steamer, just newly launched from Glasgow, sand was the first to reach Albury. On arriving at Moama he met with a serious accident, caused by the punt rope not being slackened down at the report of the whistle, ?consequently he was thrown into the stoke liole, breaking his leg and two ribs— this l-eing thethirdtime the same limb was broken. The residents of Albury were overjoyed at seeing Captain Johnston and steamer arrive there, gave him a banquet in honor of bis great achievement, and also pre sented him one hundred sovereigns, which -were expended in ja magnificent silver cup suitably inscribed. After continuing in this -trade for several years he joined partnership -with Mr. Charles Murphy, purchased the steamer Moolgewanke, and soon afterwards -the Albnry. By their strenuous efforts they prospered and became large steamboat pro prietors and merchants on the Murray and its tributaries, and the firm of Johston and Murphy became well and favorably known far and wide in connection with the river trade. In 1864 they built the Maranoa, fitting her up as a stern-wheel boat for river trade. In 1806 Captain Johnston went home to Scotland to superintend the building of a paddle-wheel steamer, and named her the Murray. After being loaded there she sailed out under canvas to Port Victor, and thence on to Port Adelaide, bringing as part of her freight a small screw. In 1873, tlie firm of Johnson & Murphy dis solved partnership, the business being carried on by Captain Johnston alone. Being desirous as ever of seeing the river traffic carried through the river mouth, he again sailed for Scotland in 1877 for the purpose of superintending in person the construction of a suitable vessel. The Queen of the South (on arrival of which Captain Johnston was presented by his fellow townsmen with a handsome silver epergne} did good service in the 'trade for which she was intended during the busy season of 1878 and 1879, and many will long remember the plea sant voyages made in that good ship with her brave, skilful, and kind-hearted commander. He also built the Cadell, one of the finest of river fleet, fitting her up with engines brought out in the Queen of the South; and later constructed at Goolwa his last vessel, the Monarch, said to have the largest carrying capacity of any barge on the rivers. The business during the last few years has been carried on in partnership with Mr. Kirk- patrick, of Wilcannia, under the style of Geo. Johnston & Co. By the death of Capt. John ston the river trade has lost one of its earliest pioneers and most successful navigators, and South Australia a loyal, intelligent, and enter prising colonist Capt. Johnston's courage and skill are well known. He is said to have saved no less than fourteen persons from drowning, and was a recipient of the Royal Humane Society's medaL Though so in dustrious and enterprising in all matters of business, our lamented friend was one who believed that 'a man's life consisteth not in the abundance of the things which he possesseth.' He was a liberal earnest Christian, and strove to follow amid the daily engagements of a busy life the teachings and example of the Master he loved to serve. He became associated with the Wesleyan Church in its very infancy at Goolwa, when the services were held in the old school-room, and the Rev. Mr. Colwell came from Strath- albyn to preach about 1859. From that time to the day of his death he may be said to have been the main pillar of support to the church of his choice in his own town and neighbor- hood. At anniversaries and public meetings the well remembered chairman will be sadly missed. Quarterly meetings will look with regret at the vacant chair of the circuit steward of well-nigh quarter of a century. The Sunday-school also loses one of its superin tendents. The chapel trusts throughout the circuit will miss the wise counsel and ready help of a friend whose interest never nagged or grew weary. He will be missed in every dcpaitment of church work, but though cut off in the prime of manhood, he has done his life's work well ; his influence survives him and will be felt in every movement for good that shall arise from the organizations he did so much to build up and foster. We re- - member now with mournful pleasure the sweet but powerful voice that used to lead the 'Songs of Zion.' To the depth and earnestness of his piety, those who met him in close Christian fellow ship can testify. If 'on the world's broad field of battle' he was a 'hero in the strife,' none the less did he display in his family ties and personal friendships the thoughtful kind ness of atrueChristSan. His widow, with their three sons and four daughters, are left to mourn an it reparable loss.' T-ear friends, you will allow me to make a few more observations. First— Life in this world is of short duration at longest. It is compared in Scripture to a vapor, to an hands breadth, to a declining shadow ; but short as it is, if it be redeemed to life's great end, much good may be done. As social beings our efforts may materially change the various conditions and phases of society at large, and promote the welfare and happiness of thousands. As religious beings we may believe in God, love and serve Him, and greatly promote His kingdom upon earth, thus leaving in onr ' short day a long train of good Works to follow us, and augment by their influence in this world the reward to be given on the final day. ' It is appointed unto man (man universally), once to die.' Secondly— Death is certain. However, its time is uncertain. It is terrced ' the land without order.' There isno lease of life granted to any. All are tenants at the will of God. No man, in my mind, seemed healthier-looking and more likely to live for many years than Brother Johnston when I came to this circuit over two years ago, and now he is gone. As this is the case, how necessary that we should live as beings treading every moment on the verge of the eternal world— live always in a state of pre parationfor.our departure. Thirdly — Eternity will be a state of retribution. ' Whatsoever a man soweth that shall he also reap.' If it were otherwise it would not be retribution. All souls entering eternity pass under the confirming power of these decisive words, ' Let him that is holy be holy still, and let liim iihat is filthy be filthy stilL' This shows the justice and goodness of the Most High. When he says respecting the wicked, ' These shall go away into everlasting punishment, aEd the righteous into life eternal,' he de clares what eternity shall be. As we stand between ourselves and our Maker, and on that ground for eternity, let us prepare to meet our God as Brother Johnston did, and then like him we shall find dying to be sweet - and the great hereafter to be glorious and happy! ^ ^ 