A WARNING TO nnaoEits. THERE is a " case " on the practioe book of a well-known physioian of West Oakland, which ought to constitute a warning, and is, beside, an interesting surgical example of " tho discohesive yielding of the flexions in old age "—as the doctor has it. ^ome months ago a j(pung man arrived in.Oakleigh from Montana. He proceeded at once to the home of his parents. The door was opened by the young man's grandmother, then nearly 70 years of age, and for whom he entertains a most commendable affection. The young man was a great favorite with the old lady; when he was a mere child she had made much of him, had sympathised with his boyish troubles, and had furnished him with the sinews of war for many a youthful frolic. He had been a good and grateful grandson, and naturally, as they had been parted for several years, the greeting wes an effusive one. But the old lady failed to realise that her favorite was no longer a budding stripling. The full-grown bearded man before her, with brawn on his shapely limbs, and toiltoughed muscle on his sinewy arms, was thirty pounds heavier and more than a little stronger than the boy whom .she had kissed and sent to bed for the last time eight years "re. And on his part, the young man did not realise, that "gran'ma" was no longer the vigorous lady whom he had played with rompingly as a merry schoolboy in their faroff eastern home. To his glad, grateful, grand-filial hreast he caught her aged form and -hugged her tight with the warm impulsiveness of tempestuous - youth. Had she been the usual sweetheart, there might have been no worse result than a fractured section of the Whaleboned stays, or a momentary cessation of not too necessary respiration. As it was, the old lady said, simply, " Oh, my I" and sank back upon his shoulder in a dead faint. When she recovered from that she oomplained of a grievous pain in her right side. A physician was sent for, and his examination showed that three ribs had been dislocated by the " grand filial hug, 4 ' and that the situation was a critical one, owing to the lady's extreme age, and to the fact that she was rather portly, and bandaging would, therefore, be deprived of much of its effectiveness. The 1 old lady has, been under medical treatment ever since, and 1 is not at present suffering much pain. Her disconsolate and unreasonably self-reproachful grandson is her most devoted attendant.— San Francisco Chronicle. SURVIVAL OF A MAN INTO WHOSE BRAIN A BREECNRM BAD PASSED. THERE appeared in the rotunda of the Windsor Hotel, last evening, a gentleman who attracted no little attention and comment. Not that he was odd in make-up, or ecoentrio in demeanour, bnt beoause he bore upon his forehead, the ghostly mark j>f a miraculous .e&jpo; from death. Everybody who notlcod §0nong red line, looked a second and third time, end looking, suggested that the man had something inl %uiry at the desk, re' was a New York . Qcutronomut, and that Upon solidi irterthAstoiy red (while was di ..history. An ln .«th<s:fact,that-life the editor of She merwas'JohnJ, '. Ksmpiter und.*"-M? shooting in New 23rd of. September, 1S8D. Said JI Mr. : wandered into the marshes about a mile and'a half from the little "iBd"Enally oblairiei a godd'shot at a Iduoke who Were. swimming in a -shallow slough. I fired, and that was the - last I remembered foruomotime. When I recovered consciousness,! was lying flat tin jhy back; the sun boating down on me. I knew that I was wounded, but lor maby minutes could not im igino where < the injury was. Bettor senst jjamo to me slowly, and with it strength. I felt something molding down my forehead, and, putting up my hand, touohed a thin boating, that proved to he mingled blood and brains. Then 1 understood that the gun had exploded or discharged- itself through,tho brceoh, and something had penetrated- my forehead. I raised my hand a second time, and felt the smaller end of a breechpin protruding from my head. I immediately thought bll was up, and commenced to -make my peaoe yrith God in. prayer. I grew stronger and inore conscious of my condition however, and in the hope of securing medical aid that might save my life, I struggled to my feet. A heaviness, as if my brain cavity was loaded with lead, was all that I suffered. Everything appeared natural to me; the trees, tbe shrubbery, and the marshes, and'even the path I had taken, was distinct' to my mind. I was even thoughtful enough to take up the broken gun and examine it. The stock was separated from the barrels—imbedded in my brain was the absent breechpin. "I walkedbaok to the village. It seemed an age before I got there, the invisible weight on my head bending me to the ground. I never rested though, but kept on, with only a vague hope for life encouraging me. When I arrived at the hotel where I was stopping, the people seeing me, fled as if a ghost were approaching through the daylight. When I told the clerk to go for a surgeon, he stood as if palsied. I grew mad, and Bhouted to him to find a surgeon or I should die, and then I fell to the floor speechless. I was again unconscious until the operation had been performed, and the iron pin was taken off my brain. It was a bungling piece of work, two country physicians, who knew as much about surgery as I do of Choctaw, hacking and hewifig, and sawing my head until tbey had opened it, as yon can see, more than two and a half inches. Then I was put on the train and sent to New York. Until unconsciousness came to my relief again, I was in the most terrible agony, my brain aching as though a thousand daggers were piercing it. I remember being placed in the hospital ambulance; the remarks of bystanders that I could not live; the jolting noise through the streets; the ringing of the ambulanoe bell, which sounded like a death-knell to me; and after that, all was blank. It was Beveral days before I came tb, and well I recollect the first query I made to tho doctor: " Was there any probability that mv life would be safe?" Four months afterward I was once more at my desk, grinding away as if my brains were intact." Where the breechpin entered . Mr. Kemp ster's head, there is a space of about half an inoh in diameter, where the cuticle touches theorem, «nd moves with each pulsation of the organ. A cutting of the skin would expose the brain.—Denver (Col.) Tribune. 