mt crane Timing generals SATURDAY, MARCH 25, 1882. The Age has succeeded in making a sensa- tion ; but having cried wolf more than once, it must not be surprised if it is not believed, should it even be in a position to announce a real danger. Mr. Bryant's story carries its probability on the face of it. That Adntital Aslanbegoff reconnoitred everything very carefully while he was here, may be taken, for granted. Everybody understood then that to do so was at least part of his mission, if not the whole of it. It needed no ghost from the grave to tell us this but the thing was done openly, and in the usual way. All the information could have been gained very match more secretly. We always know that everything in the nature of our military or naval preparations is an. open, secret for all the world. We have no despotic Government that can carry out works unknown to the community generally. All our projects are publicly discussed before they are commenced. Much of the work is done by public contract, and anybody who can afford a threepenny omnibus, or has the use of his legs, can go and see all there is to be seen. Our defence can never rest on the success of our preparations ; it ought to rest on their efficiency. All the world knows the extent of our offensive and defensive power, and our wisdom would be in letting all the world see that it is enough to meet any attack that it would be worth while to make upon. us. But while the Russian _ Admiral has, as in duty bound, used his eyes and ears to the uttermost, and has taken notes of everything, it is simply inconceivable that he should have made Mr. Bryant his solo confident. He would have been a fool, and unfit for his position, if he had done so. There was no need whatever for this man's services, and no conceivable reason why he should have been taken into council. That a man who could have been offended by the non-purchase of his torpedo should have been left behind, and in a position to betray a great State secret, is not at all in accordance with Russian astuteness. That the Admiral should send a message in cipher, and leave behind him a man who could disclose it as soon as his' back was turned, is in the highest degree improbable. Nor on the face of it was there any necessity for immense hurry, us, according to the programme, there was plenty of time for a despatch by post, or by Special messenger, and answers could have been received by telegraph, or even by post before there was any necessity for action. However, we shall not grudge Mr. Uhyant 3ins notoriety if the general effect is to make all the Governments and Parliaments in Australia deal with the defences in a common sense way, and to make these communities generally insure against a public danger on the same business-like footing that men insure against private risks. The annual cost of our defence ought to be as much a necessary part of our national expenditure is insurance against fire is part of the merchant's business expenditure. We are ex- posed to a certain risk. It is either worth our while to provide against that risk, or it is not; but if we do make provision, it should be adequate. There is perhaps something to be said for a Quaker policy. We might tell all the world that we are not going to spend a shilling in defences, and that we would rather run the risk of having to pay five millions in the lump than spend a hundred and fifty thou sand pounds a year in defences. Our possible enemies would be able then to take their choice of admiring us, or taking advantage of us. If the country were polled on (' subject, it is probable that national pride, not to say national instinct, would all be" in favour of the country defending itself I'. But in that case the common sense of the country should also sustain the Government in having its defensive," arrangements as effective as possibles. We have Final plenty of' reports and commissions of inquiry. Where we have been weak has been in the willingness of Government and Parliament to carry out effectively what has been recommended. So far as this colony is concerned, the another country, by sending us the Nelson, has done more for in than we have done for our selves in the way of maritime defence, and has shown a greater appreciation of the importance of our harbour. The Nelson, if it could keep clear of torpedoes, would make mincemeat of the whole of Ad mu al AsLANifnoorr'a fleet long before he had done counting up his five million sovereigns. but without the Nelson, or without the aid of the English, Jleot, we might be in difficulties. A movable battery of some sort or other is essential to the defence of our port. We Want it not only to back up the fixed batteries, but to establish an effective patrol of our coasts, and to make it impossible for any enemy to rendezvous at Port Stephens or Jervis Jay, and also to make it extremely difficult for any expedition to get coal anywhere in our borders. Coaling would be one of the great troubles of any attacking fleet. There is no adequate supply to be got either at Fiji or the New Hebrides, and while France was a friendly Power the stock at New Caledonia would not be available. It would be impossible to blockade our coast effectively without coal, and therefore the principal danger would be a sudden surprise. It is against that danger that we ought to make effective preparation. Sir Bryan O'Looiilen's Government has for some time past shown a revived zeal in carrying out Sir William Jervois' recommendations for the defences of Port Phillip. This is judicious ; but what all the colonies want is not to go to the work of defence by fits and starts, and under the influence of occasional ponies, but to go at it steadily and systematically, and to see that discipline in the military force is thoroughly well kept up. We should not think much, of our fire brigades if they were not ready to turn out at a moment's notice with all their equip- ment in perfect order and we ought to have our military and naval force, not only strong enough for its work, but provably ready for sharp work at short notice. With the discipline so good that every man could trust to the thorough co-operation of his fellows, and with a leadership such as to inspire confidence, a colonial force that is not fit to deal effectively with a surprise is not worth its pay and it is the business of our Minister for War to see whether the existing force is so fit, and, if not, why not. Dr. Hunwick, who is Minister for Pastures as well as Minister for Mines, has pointed out in one of his northern speeches that our squatters are getting rid of cattle in favour of sheep. In the course of our colonizing operations we have had two or three changes forwards and backwards this way. Sometimes cattle have paid better and sometimes sheep. The discovery of gold rather tended to make cattle popular, Hush labour was scarce and expensive, and cattle required less looking after than sheep, and carried themselves to market. Free selection rather created a real ing in favour of sheep. They are less open to the operations of marauders, and' are useful to good up to a selector's boundary. The high price of wool was also in favour of sheep, and now we have the additional- argument that mutton is more in favour than beef as a meat export. Cattle properties have been far less remunerative for the last three or four years than sheep runs, and the tide has clearly turned in favour of sheep, which give both fleece and carcass. We may almost take it for granted that every run which can carry sheep will be made to do so. Dr. Hunwick: tells us that our cattle have already decreased by 280,000, though we still have 2,.i00,000 of them. Sheep, however, have increased by 4,(00 000, and we now have 40,000,000. This process of substitution of sheep for cattle will go on for some years to come. There are parts of the colony which will not carry sheep, but that which must be necessarily devoted to cattle will not supply all our wants. We shall probably become increasingly dependent on Queensland for beef, where a large part of the northern district has been proved to be un- suitable for sheep. The substitution of sheep for cattle implies a large exportation of wool, and therefore a larger amount of work for the railways and for the shipping of the port. It is also worthy of note that as sheep requires more looking after than cattle do, they give rise to a greater demand for rural labour. Outside the colony of New South Wales the same change may be expected to go on that is going on within it. Wherever sheep are more profitable than cattle, they will get the preference. Twenty years ago the cost of bringing the wool to port was looked upon as fixing the limit of wool-producing team tory. But all that is altered now. The railways run for hundreds of miles towards the interior, and if a station is within two or three hundred miles of a railway station, it is now considered as accessible as it used to be considered when that distance from the coast. For all purposes of carnage, the railway is as good as the seaport. This change has opened up to sheep a large area of the interior, where the only difficulty to be contended with is the want of rain. A correspondent in yesterday's Herald argues in opposition to Mr. Bruce's suggestion that imported dogs should be subjected to quarantine, and asks whether it has not come too late. There would be some force in the question if rabies was so prevalent in the colony as to render the risk of fresh cases being introduced from abroad a matter of slight importance. But that is not the state of things we have to deal with. The disease is, we believe, unknown on the Australian Continent, although there have been instances of it in Tasmania and unless it can be positively affirmed that there is no possibility of introducing it on the one hand, or that quarantine would be no protection on the other, the ' argument that it is too late to adopt the precaution must be of little weight. It is never too late to take reasonable precautions to avert possible danger. Under the altered conditions of our communication with Europe, it is unsafe to assume in this matter that what has not been cannot be. There is some doubt and dispute as to the period of incubation of rabies in dogs. One authority tells us that the leading symptoms may be exhibited in a few days, but that weeks, and even months, may pass before they show themselves after the dog has been bitten. Another fixes the period at fifty-four days, Our correspondent asks whether the sea voyage from England would not be a sufficient quarantine Possibly it may have been in the old days", when four mouths were occupied in the passage. But now that we have Orient steamers the quarantine at sea is clearly untrustworthy, if even fif tyler days be the period of incubation, and it ought to be prolonged after landing. The suggestion of the Chief Inspector of Stock does not rest on his own authority simply, but is upheld by the results of some special inquiries made by the Aqkni'-Genehal in England. Mr. Elimino, of the Royal College of Veterinary Surgeons recommends the prohibition of the importation of dogs except from colonies which enforce protective regulations. iJr. _Jimra-:N Saun DEitsoN, one of the best authorities on subjects of this nature, advises rigid prohibition, unless really effective quarantine cart be guaranteed. It should be remembered that, on the one side, the introduction of the disease might be a source of great loss in a sheep growing country, because the evil would not stop with the dog.-;, but might be communicated by dogs to sheep, and by them to one another. On the other side, the trouble and cost of quarantine to the few importers of dogs would be insignificant in comparison. Our correspondent is right in recommending that effective measures should be taken to abate the nuisance of homeless dogs in the city. It would be well also to deal more stringently with the case of dogs that have owners and homes, but are so little cared for as to constitute a public danger. There are legal liabilities, it is true, when this want of care is productive of personal injury ; but it may be doubted whether that is enough, and whether the public would not gain by making the keeping of. superfluous dogs a costly luxury. These matters, how ever, are of minor importance as compared with the exclusion of rabies, and it is to be hoped that Mr. Bruce's suggestion will be attended to. The alarm raised respecting the intentions of the Russian Squadron should have at least one good effect. It ought to impress upon Australians the tremendous sacrifices they would have to make it their capitals were at the mercy of a foreign conquerors, and the obligation their very wealth and prosperity lay upon them to put themselves in a condition of efficient self-defence. The contributions the pseudo-Ilus3ian agent represents Admiral Aslanbhooff as meaning to levy upon the several capitals do not exceed the resources of those great emporiums of trade. According to the averages of coin and bullion held by the banks during last December quarter a triumphant invader would find the following sums ready to his hand in the coffers of the banks in the several colonies : New South Wales, £3,400,815 ; Victoria, £,,008,490 ; South Australia, 21,05 492 ; Queensland, £1,041,277 ; Tasmania, £510,514 ; Western Australia, £118,814 ; New Zealand, £1,930,805 total, £13,140,270. A haul like that would be exceedingly welcome to any country having an impoverished exchequer like Russia, and any country at war with England would certainly try to get it if she could. Nor would the tender mercies of a victor necessarily stop there. The commerce of the seven colonies- is worth now about ninety millions sterling per annum. That means an enormous value of produce constantly lying in the warehouses and stores of the principal ports on which an enemy would certainly levy as heavy a contribution as he could. Then there is the value of municipal property, which may be taken at a total of not less than twenty millions for the city of Sydney alone, and at not less than a hundred millions for the several capitals and their suburbs. But enough has been said to indicate the enormous war indemnity Australasia could be made to pay if thoroughly subdued by a relentless conqueror, who wanted plunder and not the annexation of territory. That she ever will be subdued ought to be an impossibility ; but she must not leave herself at the mercy of European complications. War between England and Russia, if not between England and some other Powers, may happen at no distant day, and then the attack upon the British Empire will be made at the points where she is thought weakest, and where the heaviest blows can be struck. It will be our own fault if Australia be found the most vulnerable. Our defences should be proportionate with our resources and the immense issues at stake. Large standing armies are not needed ; but our ports should be made im- pregnable, and our able-bodied citizens trained to arms, so as to be prepared to give a good account of any force of any hostile Power in the world that would be likely to attempt a landing on these shores. 1 . The hop-growers of Victoria have put their case before the Tariff Commission. By aid of a protective tariff they hope to monopolize their own market in three or four years. Let us see what Jiidvt facts throw on this matter. For the season 1880-81 they grow 307,3281b. of hops from 428 acres under crop. The Customs duty to 6d. per lb., and the protection they received would amount to £7083 on that quantity of produce. The quantity of hops imported into Victoria for the year was 503,8<l<Jlb., valued at £37,855, or an average of 1s. 6d. per lb. The duty, therefore, is equivalent to 30 per cent, ad valorem, a sufficient margin of encouragement to native produce. In New South Wales the duty on hops is only 3d. per lb. and in 1880 the import reached 559,3G<Hb., valued at £4.5,S70, or Is. 11d. per lb., so that the duty was equal to only 15 per cent, on the declared value of the import. The supply to New South Wales came from Great Britain, Tasmania, Victoria, the United States, and South Australia in the order named, and to Victoria from Tasmania and the United Kingdom almost exclusively.. It would seem, therefore, that Victoria produces about one third of the quantity of hops required for her own consumption, and Tasmania can supply both New South Wales and Victoria with nearly half the import their joint consumption demands. The Tasmanian Customs duty on hops is only 2d. per lb., and was probably not meant to be protective at all when first imposed. Yet she has become an ex porter to the extent of more than half her produce, an advantage due to the adaptation of her climate to hop culture. In New South Wales this article has no place among our agricultural returns, and the duty of Customs is one purely for the purpose of revenue. Yet some parts of the colony are admirably adapted for the industry, and in time it will take root and flourish. But for that the one thing needful is population near enough to the place of production, not a duty of 33 per cent, on the value of the produce, which is the bonus Victorian growers are receiving from the public, and ask to have continued. It is equal to £18 per acre for the whole area they have under crop, rather a dear price to pay for the premature establishment of a new and very limited industry. 