GLOUCESTER NOMINATION. Stroud, Saturday. — The nomination for Glou- cester took place yesterday. Mr. R. H. D. White was proposed by Mr. Edward Lamb, and seconded by Mr. Robert Kay. Mr. Henry Hudson was pro- posed by Mr. George Farley, and seconded by Mr. Charles Dee. Mr. William Johnston was proposed by Mr. A. McNeil, and seconded by Mr. E. Price. Mr. W. B. Christie was proposed by Mr. Thomas Adams, and seconded by Mr. M. Driscoll. The show of hands was largely in favour of Mr. White. Warren, Saturday. — Mr. G. E. Cass arrived here yesterday, and addressed the electors from the balcony of the Club House Hotel. He was fre- quently applauded during his speech, which lasted an hour and a quarter. The usual vote of confidence in him was carried. Mr. Cass left for Dubbo this morning. Abmidale, Saturday. — Mr. McElhone addressed abont 1400 people last night from the verandah of the New England Hotel. He was enthusiastically re- ceived, and delivered a characteristic speech, con- demning the Government. He ridiculed Mr. W. C. Proctor, and asked the electors to return Messrs. Farnell and O'Connell. A vote of confidence in these two candidates was carried by an immense majority. Some of Mr. Proctor's party intimated their intention of pelting Mr. McElhone with rotten eggs. Several were actually thrown. Upon the first one being thrown Mr. McELhone offered £5 to any person who would point out the offender, adding that if he could dis- cover the ruffian he would thrash him within an inch of his life after he had finished his speech. The result of the polling for Monara was declared yesterday, when it was found that Mr. Tooth headed the poll, with Mr. Badgery second and Mr. Toohey third. The first named two were declared to be duly elected. At Glen lines Mr. W. J. Fergusson was elected unopposed. It thus appears that our information that Mr. John Davies intended contesting the election, and that he had proceeded to Glen Innes for the purpose, was incorrect. The Gloucester nomination brought out a field of four candidates, viz., Messrs. Hudson, White, John- stone, and W. B. Christie. Tho show of hands was in favour of Mr. White, and a poll was demanded on behalf of Mr. Hudson. Messrs. J. P. Abbott and Douglas were yesterday nominated for Gunnedah. For Hartley, Mr. W. S. Targett has been elected by a majority of five ; the polling being as follows : — Targett, 298 ; Passmore, 298 ; Shepherd, 195 ; Lloyd, 174 ; and Hughes, 115. To-day the polling will take place for the Murray and New England districts. The candidates for the former place are Messrs. Wilson, Barbour, Chanter, and Killen ; for the latter, Messrs. Farnell, Proctor, and O'Connell. The last of the polling will take place next Wednesday, when the elections will be brought to a close. There are now no more nominations to be made, and only eight more electorates have to declare who shall represent them. The Murray and New England poll to-day, the Murrumbidgee and Wentworth on Monday, the Bogan and Bourke on Tuesday, and Gloucester and Gunnedah on Wed- nesday. Mr. McElhone will resign his seat for East Sydney, for which there will doubtless be a deter- mined struggle between an Oppositionist and a Ministerialist; but, judging from the result of the last election at this place, it is not very difficult to foresee that the latter will not have the ghost of a show. It is said Dr. Renwick intends coming for- ward again, and will make another attempt to secure his old seat. Snail's Bay Regatta this afternoon. Royal Sydney Yacht Squadron evolutions this afternoon. Up to the present time 23 lawyers have been elected to the new Parliament. The electric light will be on view to-night at the Exchange. People ought to avail themselves of the opportunity of seeing it. There was very little business transacted at the Central to-day, and the court was all over in about half an flour. The Centrals wield the willow again to-day, this time meeting foemen worthy of their steel, viz., the doctors and other officials connected with the Parra- matta Lunatic Asylum. Hitherto the Centrals have been victorious, but they will have to play their best to-day if they wish to score another win. NEW MUSIC.- Mr. C. S. Packer has composed, and Mr. A. Huenerbein, of Georgge-street, has published, a reminiscence of the late Garden Palace, entitled "The Garden Palace Schottische." The music of this dance tune is piquant, pretty, and much more original than most of the dance tunes which now swarm from the press. It is charmingly harmonised, and yet easy to play. The music is beautifully printed by S. T. Leigh and Co., and the frontispiece or title page contains a faithful picture of the Garden Palace as it was in the days of its prime, and also a second picture of its present ruined condition. The title page, which was drawn by Mr. McLeod, is fully equal in artistic merit to any work of the like kind issued from the best establishments of London or Paris. The work is very creditable to all concerned in its production, namely, the composer, the artist who limned the title page, and the painter. 