the legend of gorie GRANGE. (concluded.) I remembered nothing more for some time. Wheu I recovered my senses the lantern was again alight, and I was still in the horrible dark dungeon. The bnilder was examining an iron safe which was fitted into a niche in the wall ; the lid was open, and it was filled with golden coins ; many of them were scattered upon the loathsome floor, and the bands of the- skeleton lying there seemed to be grasp- jug tDCDi, even iu acaio, w jucige oy vac bent, clutching fingers. The key was in the iron safe, but it would not turn, it was rusted into the lock. ' For mercy's sake let us get out,' I murmured. He looked at me keenly, and then took up the lantern and led the way back. I followed him as quickly as the trembl ing of my limbs would permit me, and at length I stood in the light of day again and felt thankful. We had better not close this place yet,' my companion said ; 'we might find it less easy to open another time. I suppose we can lock the door of the room, sir t I gladly gave consent, and took the builder into the library to talk over what we bad found and seen : but before I spoke a word I rang forbraudy. I drank a glass down without water ; the builder diluted his, and sipped it slowly. 1 looked at him with interest. Ho was a slrauger to me. I found him to be a shrewd Scotchman, reserved and grave iu manner, a firm believer in spirits and in all things ghostly. He bad noted that the measuremen's of the rooms, when added together, did not tally with the external measurements of the house ; and he had pondered over tint nrnhlem. and come to the conclusion that there must be either a room bricked up there, or a secret passage ; but as it was no business of bis, be bad not men tioned his thoughts to anyone. When, however, he was ordered to pull down the wing, and demolish bis own just-finished work, and the spring panel had come to light, he had considered it his duty to do what he had done. This he told me in a fewstraighi forward words. ' The mnnev must be removed before the men begin their work,' he said. « They had better know nothing about it sir.' ' Will it be possible to keep it from their knowledge ?' I answered. ' We must send for the police, I suppose.' ' I should advise you to do nothing of the kind, sir. The story would be all over the country in less than a week, aud your aunts would never faucy their home again. My doctor wauts a skeleton ; nan Ann lot lilm k a ttc tliia flno Wcrfl T in yonr place I should not tell the Miss Hares anything about it.' Bat, my good fellow, all that accursed gold is theirs, not mine ; they must be told.' ' About the gold, yes ; but about the bones, no, sir. The gold is good enough ; that won't hurt them.' 'Unless they are murdered for it, as their great- great-grandfather was,' I put in.' \- ' People don't keep their money by tliem very of: en now,' said the builder. ' They will of course invest it. Still, to my mind, the less said about it the better.' ' Mr. Macdonald,' I asked turning to him, 'do you think that is the skeleton of my old ancestor's murderer ?' ' Undoubtedly I do,' he replied. ' Then how was he shut in there to die 3s I have thought of that,' he answered calmly. ' I should fancy the murderer had left his victim for dead, and gone after the coveted gold. The old man, however, was still alive, aud seeing the door leading to bis treasure open, his ruling passion was strong in death, and he managed to drag himself to the cup hoard to shut it, taking the knife with liini for protection against some dreaded foe. Or he may have kuown that his servant was iu there stealing his money, aud shnt him in out of reveuge. Which ever way it was, Sambo supposed his master to be dead, or he would not have ventured down that passage with the chance of being shut in.' ' How do you know it is Sambo ;' I asked curiously. ' You speak as though you were certain upon tbe subject.' 'I am,' he replied gravely. 'Have you forgotten your vision ?' ' Vision !' I answered ; 'it was the nightmare - nothing else, I assure you. I had eaten veal, and it never agrees with me.' Mr. Macdonald smiled quietly. 'Call it what you please, sir, it makes no difference.' Well ! there is not much more to tell. The doctor was taken into our con fidence, and came by night for Sambo's bones. I saw them afterwards in a carved oaken case in his surgery. ' Why, I declare this is some of the old bedstead,' I exclaimed. ' Yes,' he replied, lsoghing, ' I saw them burning it, and begged some bits of the workmen. Z only wish I had come sooner, I would have had more ; aud then the idea struck me to have it made into a house for Mr. Sambo.' ' This is a queer world,' I murmured. 'The very bed lie murdered the poor old man gun has become the wretch's own coffin at last,' ' Retribution, my dear sir, no doubt It is sure to follow some time or otber. Zt makes one moralize, doesu't it !' 1 looked at' tbe doctor, and mure than half thought he was quizzing me, but I could not be sure. He was one of thoBe men yon could never tell whether he was in earnest or not air. Macdonald and l ol course told my aunts of the wonderful find. Fifty thou sand pounds, all in gold. They were of bourse delighted, and believed to the day of their deaths that Sambo had appeared to tell me of the hidden treasure. A thousand ponnds they presented to the builder for his help and assistance, much to his surprise and gratification, for, to do the honest fellow justice, he did not expect any reward. He had. ac'ed only as he thought right. Ten thousand ponnds they invested in my name, and the same emonnt was rSetded-on -each of themselves. With tbe 1 remainder they built and endowed some -almshouses, which they named .'The. Howe Charity.' The old wing wbb levelled to the ground. The bricks were carted away, and no more has ever been heard of Sambo. Still Z say now as I said then : Z do not believe in ghosts, and my nocturnal visitor was nothing more or less than a veal-begotten dream. 