THE MISSION OF THE TWELVE. April 2.—Afternoon. Beading, Mark vi. 1—13. Golden Text, ver. 12. Introduction. — Must travel in thought first to Nazareth (mention incidents connected with Nazareth) enter synagogue one Jewish Sabbath; find Lord Jesus, just arrived from Capernaum, teaching and curing the people. Notice— THE CuRiosixr or THE MULTITUDE. The people anxious to know more of Christ's wonderful Words, Works, and Wisdom. Did not possess true spirit of inquiry, only the spirit of cavilling. This curiosity resalts" in THE CONTEMPT OF THE MULTITUDE. The people were " offended at Him;" offended through ignorance; they only- Saw the home at Nazareth, not heaven. Saw Joseph and Mary, not the Holy Father. Saw the Carpenter, not the Redeemer. Saw the Judahs, not the justified ones. This curiosity and ignorant contempt, accompanied by unbelief, stayed Christ's mighty hand, ver. 5. Now pass to second part of lesson, see— THE CALL OP THE MISSIONARIES. Twelve called, elicit names (see Matt. x. 2—4) Notice twelves of the Bible. Jacob had twelve sons. Christ had twelve disciples Breast-plate had twelve stones. Foundations of Heaven have twelve stones. Heaven has twelve gates. Tree of Life has twelve fruits, borne twelve times a year. And twelve times twelve thousand of twelve tribes sealed. Twelve sent out two by two for companionship and strength, so, eter and John went together to aul and Barnabas ,, ,, U'reach. P rxrayer. aul and Silas ,, „ „ I rison, &c.; Accompanying the call, we hear THE COUNSEL OF THE MISSIONARIES. Christ counselled them upon their clothes and their conduct—the great and the small things of their life. He showed them how to act as guests—as neighbors— as preachers. The Divine counsel was followed; for the sick were healed and the sinners were saved. Golden Text.—Examples of preaching repentance, At Pentecost (Acts ii. 38). When the lame man was healed (Acts iii. 19). When Simon thought to buy the Holy Ghost (Acts viii. 22), &c.; Application.—(a) To believers. Christ commands His servants to work for Him; then, are YOU doing something for Him? (b) To unbelievers. Christ's servants — Christ's teachers beseech TOU to repent of your 6ins; then are yon going to do so now? 