Gawler Wesleyan Church. DEPARTURE OF THE REV. R. JV. CAMPBELL. • Sunday, March 26, being the last Sunday of the Rev. R. W. Campbell's ministration in the Gawler Wesleyan Circuit, large congregations attended to hear the discourses, fn the evening the church was crowded, when the rev. gentlemen preached from the IL Cjrinthians, 13th chap. 14th verse —" The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, the love of God, and the communion of the Holy Ghost be with you all." On Welnesday evening farewell tea and public meetings were held, and there was lar^e attendxnce at both, especially the nueting. Mr. W. Dawkins, senior circuit steward, was chairman, and after devotional exercises had been eniiged in, The CHAIKMAV said they were met to bid farewell to Mr. Campbell, and pe BOually he felt deeply in lebtad to him for the good received while sitting under his ministry. The meeting was open to any person to soeak. He then read an apology from Mrl W. F. Wincey, who expressed his regret at being unable to be present, and hie high appreciation of Mr. Campbell. Mr. BRAY, junior circuit steward; said he was pleased to see such a large and representative gathering, as it showed tha kindly feeling towards Mr. CampbelL He himself felt very warmly towards that gentleman, who had done him much good, and, although there had not been mwy revivals during the time Mr. Campbell had been in the circuit, still he thoroughly believed there had been a good work going on. He wished Mr. Ca'npbell God spe<:d wherever he was. Messrs. Kelly (Oaetrae . Hill), C. H. Annells, A. Forgie (society stewards), F. Fowler, Ja?. Jones (poor stewards), S. L. Dawkins, J.P., John Pederick (Gawler River), J. Coles, J. Limb (Sunday-school superintendents) E. Batchelor, and H. J. Congreve (local preachers), aH spoke in the highest terms of Mr. Ca'npbaU's.labors, and the interest he took in every department of church work. The CHAIRMAN then said"he had a pleasins duty to perforin, in present Mr. Campbell with' an address, which he knew would be acceptable to the receipient, not for its intrinsic value, but from knowing the feeling which prompted the offering. He then read the following address :— "To THE REV. R. W. CAMTBELL. " Reverend and Dear Sir—In taking your' departure from amongst us, after laboringin our midst for three years, we feel that we cannot allow you to leave without iu 'some slight manner acknowledging iyoar very valuable services as our n^far^iiriiig that' period. We beg you thens&ggesio; accept of this address as a sl)gh$:?t0fcien of the high esteem and love in which you are held throughout this circnit,- and-as an expression of thorough appreciation of your services. We can bear testimony that throughout the circuit yonr labors have been greatly valued and highly appreciated, and to the very general regret that, in accordance with thelaws of- our Conference, the time for yonr. departure has come. We rejoice greatly that our association together has been one of peace and happiness, and of great spiritual profit to us as a people. In bidding you farewell we pray that our Heavenly Father may abundantly bless botfr you ana youra, and that your life may beSfbhg sparedato*; work for the -cause of our<Oivin3 Master. Signed on behalf the circuit, Gawler, March 29, 1882. THE REV. R. W. CAMPBELL, en .rising, tn speak, was very warmly received, and said it was rather a strauge experience for him t:> feel free from all responsibility as to. the meeting. The circuit stewards had to receive all the praise or blame io the matter. He felt while Listening to all the kind things which had been said that most of it was due Jx>_ _the official, position, should he say, he was placed in. He owed personally a great deal to Methodism, and what ever mental wealth he had he owed all to that church, which had laid hold of him when he was yonng, aud sent him out as a lay preacher. He well remembered the struggle he had whether he should continue in the work or not. It was all dejid *d in 12 hours, and since that time he hail ucver doubted or diawu rein when duty called. Sir. Campbell then gare a graphic picture of the incidents of the struggle, and ho w the decision which marked out his future course was come to. In his time young men did not then consider what public opiniou was, the same as tliay did now.- They were taught somehow or another that public opinion was wrong, and that they had to tight against it, and strive to bring it right. He thought as a people they were too humble^ aud should never ask what other churches were doing. Let them take up their work aud do it welL While a Liberal in most things, he hod never been able to see much good in any change proposed in their methods of church government. It had been good .enough for him, and he believed it was good enough for all time. He hoped to hear of them from time to time, and to hear of them making progress. It wa3 a small matter what their wealth was, or what their social position in life ; but it was a great question whether they had devotion to God, thorough and complete. He would not detain them longer but in the words of his text on Sunday night—" The grace of the Lord Jesus Ghrisfc. and the love of God, and the communion of the Holy Ghost, be with you alL Amen." The address was a handsome one, printed in gold on satin at the Standard office, and nicely mounted by Mr. F. Fowler. 