TURF GOSSIP. By Aiwib. Tbe second day of tbe Victoria Atn&teur; Tcrf c?ub meeting waa even more interesting andewsceaefal wan the brat, and if We attendance of tbe public continued toiuoiMM. Mr. JSond will have to materially add to tl}8 accommodation in the gnaod-ttasd encloadtf, which can be Hail? done by removing toe eastern fence some 50 yards farther, and en closing that portionof theground now devoted to booths. In fact, I think it wonld be a good idea to do this as early as possible, and plant the ground with English trees and Moreton Bay figs, so as to provide ample shelter for those who enjoy those al fresco luncheons which many pleasure-seekers love to indulge in. The racing was first-class, and everybody but the losers seemed delighted with the day's sport. Lord o' Clyde, who ran but moderately on the first day, performed far differently on the second attempt, and won the Hurdle Race cleverly. One of the moBt interesting races ever witnessed was that which took place for the Nursery Handi cap, and Yeomans set at rest all doubts respecting his ability to ride as well as he did five or Biz years ago. A better or more de termined finish was never seen, and Delusion answered the question put to her in a most satisfactory manner. It is worthy of remark that again the situations were occupied by youngBters bred in the other colonies. The race for the Cup would have been a splendid sight bad it not been for the dust, which at times enveloped the whole of the competitors, and those behind the leaders muBt have had a very uncomfortable time of it The pace was terrific, and at the home turn Verdure apparently had everything dead settled, but Little Jack came to her very fast as they ap proached the goal, and Sheehan leaving plenty of room between the leader and the rails, Moore took advantage of it, shot up on the inside, and won' cleverly. There were many who expressed an opinion that if Sheehan had hugged the rails Verdure would have won, but I doubt this, as Moore was on the look-out for an opening, and had there not been room, he wonld have gone on the outside, and won by half a neck instead of half a length. It was, indeed, a brilliant performance on the part of the winner, but it was not anticipated, I think, by the stable. I am told that Mistaken beat Little Jack in the trial at home, and though some money went on to the latter on the previous night it was only on the saving clause, and neither Mr. Wilson nor Mr. Branch did mnch good by the victory, though a few of the public landed a few hundreds, one lucky backer having 1,300 to 13 about Fryingpan for the Guineas and Little Jack for the Cup. Verdure quite justi fied the good opinion formed of her by her trainer, and Gipsy Cooper maintained his reputation. Calma, who is one of the most improving three year olds we have, also per formed creditably, and this son of Yattendon is doing so well that there are more unlikely things than a Derby or Cup surprise from thiB quarter. Darebin, when going as well as anything, unfortunately met with an accident which settled his chance; but under more favourable circumstances, I don't think he could have got nearer than third. Flying Jib, Fryingpan, Dougalston, and Prattle were amongst the forward division, but Tbe Assyrian was never dangerous, and Lord Burgbley occupied a position in tbe rear throughout. The contest for the Findon Harriers' Vases was greatly enjoyed, and so was the Open Steeplechase, in which the jockeys rode as if the obstacles were mere plaything!. Prometheus, of whom I have always entertained a favourable opinion, won the Windsor HandicapJike a,racehorse, and I expect to see this brilliant son of Lurline still farther distinguishf himself ere the season closes. " Next Saturday will be Derby day, and racing men pure and simple aria looking forward to the conteBt for the blue riband with far more interest than the Melbourne Cup. In all probability a dosen willface Mr. WatBonfor the three- year-old event, and. with Navigator, Segenboe, Boolka, Trometheos; Guesswork, Fryingpan, and othera to battle for supre macy, the contest * should be ' one of the most excitiug .that has ever taken place at Flemragton. Navigator is re ported to be doing well on the shores of HobBon's Bay at WiUiamstown, and there can be no two opinions respecting Segenhoe'e im provement. His friends will have no excuse to offer if. he be beaten, for he is now in much better condition than he was when he ran at Randwick, and should he triumph over his Bmaller rival, those who are wise after events will be ready with the inevitable " Didn't I tell you so!" Our South Australian friends have brilliant representatives in Guesswork, Prometheus, and Standard Bearer. The first-named, however, is an uncertain colt, and there are doubts respecting the staying capabilities of Pro metheus, who is' quite as speedy as his relative; Darebin. Then, again, why shouldn't Little Jack have something to say f Tras, he is small, but be is a stayer, and Mr. Wilson has gained many of his racing triumphs with little ones. King of the Vale and Calms are useful outsiders, and both seem to me to beable to compass the distance. The Cupis a problem that will take a deal of solving, albeit I've a notion that Messrs. Wilson, De Mestre, and Hall have the rosiest chances. Next week I shall give my ideas; and in order that the town readers of The Australasian may have an opportunity of perasing the latest information, the ootuitiy edition will be avail able at the office in-Gowns-street. Some of the minor handicaps of the V.R.C. were declared on Thursday, and appear in another column. The Hotham Handicap seeme a real good thing for Stockdale, if he be in the humonr, and next to him Albyn looks abont the best upon paper. Lothair is awarded tbepost of honour for the Hurdle Race, and as his weight is under let., he will trouble all of his opponents, the best of whom appear to be Annie Laurie and Gambler. There are some speedy customers in the Cobmg Stakes, wherein Stockdale again looks dangerous, and Sir Garnet and Bagot should have a show of success at 7st 71b. each. Tbe railway arrangements connected with the V. AT.C. meeting were simply disgrace ful, and a vast improvement will have to take place ere this route fan become as popular as that of Fielbington. As it is beyond a doubc that the traffic will become larger every year, and bring ip a handsome return, it would be advisable for the Government to make an at tempt to do something .to prevent such stop pages and crashing as took pi&oe; on Saturday last. Donald. Nicholson, the well-known light weight jockey, did not ride at Canlfield on Saturday last- As Hales was unable, through illness, to be present -to ride Gndarz in tbe Cup, NicholsonMM.to have had the mount, hut soon after he arrived on the ground be fell from a form that was broken, and was so much injured that he oonid not ride during tbe day. Tbe Messrs. Fidlsy, of Glanormiston, must have been particularly gratified at the result of the Guineas and Cup at Canlfield, f<»r tbey bred path of-the .winners, and the per formances df Fryingpan and Verdnre will revive the memory of- Bethnal Green, who " should have-died hereafter/' - His death it eo early an age vraa a national loss. Kid* Cole, whole nowthfc prfnCip&l; loid of tfit harem, at Gliwprmjstbd,, has not many friends; bjju -! the . fanning' df, Little Jack should give SyfiUip to the imputation of the son of King Torn, The Englishman wit again well represented by-Delusion, a really good filly andagrand finisher; Glorious had a brilliant son in St. Lawrence, and another in Boolka; Pro to- Martyr a very useful son in Milparinka, and Tubal Cain a first-class colt in Proatetheas. Bomb time previous to the Caulfield Cup a clairvoyant named Morgan wrote. to Mr Joseph Thompson and Mr. W. Branch ana informed them that he had seen the winner of the Caulfield Cup or Melbourne Cup in a trance dream, and offered on receipt of a booked bet of £10 to nothing to send the name. The ".leviathan" waa on at once; in formed .the clairvoyant that be would accede to his request; Mr. Branch did the same, and received in return'the name of Little Jack. Mr. Thompson did not write the colt's name very often, if at all, and was about the biggest winner over the race. I believe he lias for warded the "tenner" to his correspondent, and has supplemented it with a suit of clothes. The owner of Little Jack did not back him at alL M. O'Brien, who rode The Assyrian in the Caulfield Cup, had his left foot injured through being run on to the hurdles in the bend of the course. Something collided with Darebin, and knocked him on to The As syrian, who ran against the hurdles, and thus caused the accident. I'm glad to say he is able to tide again. Mr. T. Jordan has his Derby colt Standard Bearer in rare form, and in this son of Tregeaglethe South Australians have another good outsider to represent them in the con test for the blue riband of Victoria. Since I saw him run in Adelaide in the autumn the colt has made considerable improvement, and I expect to see him land a race before he returns to South Australia. The Ghost, who is one of the fastest horses in training, cut such a sorry figure in the Windsor Handicap at Caulfield that the stewards determined , to have an investi gation, and called on the rider, J. WilliamB, for an explanation. As there was no direct evidence to prove that the horse had been stopped, the rider was dismissed with a caution. Mr. Haines seemed to be annoyed at the course taken by the stewards, and sold the horse to Mr. E. Weeks for £100, and he has been placed in T. Jones's hands. The trotting match between Brown Hawk and Wanderer is likely to create considerable interest. Both horses are in good work Wanderer under the care of Giles, and Brown Hawk is going into the Els tern wick stable of Brady and Collins, who have some capital boxes, which already contain Leithamstead, Native Cat, Conquering Hero, and Stride away. Trainers desirous of obtaining building Bites near the Caulfield racecourse are re minded that the Tooronga Estate is iu be disposed of by public auction to-day. KenBington-park will be the attraction this afternoon, and as there is every prospect of good sport, there is bound to be a large attendance. The principal event on the card is the Kensington Cup, which has many fast animals engaged; and Her Majesty has im proved so much of late that she may be found capable of successfully compassing the ups and downs of Kensington-park. Next to her, perhaps, Drumstick and King's Head are brat upon paper, but that is no reason why they should be upon turf. For the Hurdle Race 1 like nothing so well as Tell Tale and Elector : and Queen Mary can win the Selling Race if she is in the vein. Squire or Alhambra may win the Steeplechase ; and whatever has most money on it the Park Handicap. Nominators for the Melbourne Cup are re-, minded that the second forfeit of 5 sovs. must be declared and paid to the secretary of the Y.R.C., A.J.C., orS.AJ.C. before 4 p.m. on Tuesday next, October 24, or they will be liable for the balance of the sweepstakes, which must be paid to the V.R C. secretary before IX a.m. on the day preceding the race, or the horse will not be permitted to start. Those who intend to start their horses had better Bend in their cheques at once. It may be as well to remind owners that the forfeits for the Maribyrnong Plate, Victoria Derby, Oaks, and Mares' Produce Stakes must be de clared and paid before 4 p.m. on the day pre ceding each race, or nominators will be liable for the whole of the stake. The very inviting programme put forth by the Williamstown Racing Club will have to be attended to on Monday next, as entries close at Bowra's Hotel, Bourke-street, at 4 p.m., and at the Steampacket Hotel, Wil liamstown, at 9 p.m. There are Bix events, the richest being the Williamstown Handi cap of 100 sovs., and in addition to this there are the Hurdle Race of 50 sovs., Troganina Stakes of 75 sovs., Telegraph Stakes of 75 sovs, .Galloway Race of 40 sovs., and Laverton Steeplechase of 50 sovs. A meeting of the stewards of the Geelong Racing Club was held on Monday, when it was decided to hold the annual races on Thursday and Friday, 1st and 2nd February. The second day was not fixed for Saturday, in order to meet the views of the Geelong tradespeople, who are always conspicuous by their absence, no matter what days may be selected. The programme will be arranged at a meeting to be held on Monday next The stakes won at the late V.A.T.C. meet ing were paid over on Tuesday, as follows Mr. W. Branch, Caulfield Cup, £690, and gold ucp, value 200 guineas; Messrs. Robertson and Wagner, Great Foal Stakes, £490; Hon. W. Pearson, Caulfield Guineas, £405, and second in Foal Stakes, £30; Mr. A. Taylor, Open Steeplechase, £241; Mr. J. R. Cowell, Toorak Handicap, £136, second Caulfield Cup, £100; Mr. J. Crosier, jun., first Nursery Handicap, £1511 Hon. W. B. RounseveU, Windsor Handicap, £139, second Toorak Handicap,£3; Mr.T. Wilson, First Hurdle Race, £136; Mr. T. Coffey, Hurdle Race, £136; Mr. M. Griffin, Selling Race, £100; Mr. E. Miller, Amateur Challenge Cup ana £74; Mr. J. Mitchell, breeder of St Lawrence, winner pf Great Foal Stakes, £50; Mr. W. Forrester, third Caulfield Cup, £50; Mr. H. Burrell, second Caulfield Guineas, £80; Mr. J. Wilson, third Great Foal Stakes, £15; Mr. G. Glass cock, second Open Steeplechase, £7, and second Amateur Challenge Cnp, £3 10s,; Sir T. Elder, third Caulfield Guineas, £10; Mr. T. Naghten, second in First Hurdle Race; £3; Mr. M. Jaoobe, second in. Seoond Hurdle Race, £3; Mr. D, S. Wallace, second in the Nursery Handicap, £3; T. Brown, second in Windsor Handicap,, £3: UWVVHW .. WMV. ....... .1,1 I—,', , *—1 tOtal, £3,008. Messrs. Phillips, Martin, and Ander son received the Finaon Harriers vases on tbeground. The gates, bootbB, fruit sites, &a;, for the enfeuing spring meeting will be disposed of by anction by Messrs. Campbell ana Pratt, at Kirk's Bakaar, at 12 o'clock on Monday next ' J. Hill baa arrived from Adelaide with the Maribyrnong Plate filly Lady Jervois, and has gone to the Racecourse Hotel. ' ! The events of 'tbe Victorian Trotting Club have not met-with the support deserve}!, for tbe purse fo* colonial-bred horses baa only six entries ; but though tbe quantity j« suaajl, the quality, fr abdvs tbe average, add m all probability tkjs jsiU be one of the me exciting ocntedte that has over taken plaoe fit. Elsterowiok-park. For tbe Free-for-all Paras, only four horses - have been nominated, but three of them are all thereon the trimlL »na should they oome to the post. we sb hunts, trotting to perfection. 8tems will be remem bered M the wiimsc of the Fcte- fol^P«UHM last season, Commodore has trotted the fastest mile on the track, and Oliver comes from America with a good reputation. Red Star I know nothing ot Sydney TatteraalTa Club Cop has filled with mi entry of 82 horaee, a very respectable display indeed, and thia important event promisee to be more interesting than ever, victoria ie represented by three only, Mid South Aus tralia baa a similar number, the remainder belonging to New South Wales. I am glad to say that the injury to Dare* bin's heel was not so serions aa was at first anticipated. He was sore upon it for a day or two, bnt by close attention Mr. Dakin got him pretty well by Tuesday, when he had a. canter, and on Wednesday he was able to stride along. Daring the week I paid a visit to several Btables at Flemington, and amongst them wastbat of Mr. M.fFennelly. Segenhoehasim* proved since he arrived at Flemington, and every day Beema to be coming on, so that he will not be at each a disadvantage when'he meets Navigator on Saturday next as he was when he ran in the A.J.C. Derby. He has done plenty of good work, and has thriven upon it. 1 thought Hecla looked light and a bit jaded, but the two year olds were in Bplendid form, and in Middlemarch and Aberfoyle 1 think Mr. Fennelly has a couple that will carry the bine and white with credit. 1 dropped in to see Walter Higin botham at the Racecourse Hotel, Mid this de serving trainer has three very useful animals in Kit Nobbles, Heptakos, Mid Too Too, The first- named has improved considerably since last year, and Heptakos, who is fall brother to Otirs, is one of the most promising candidates for the Maribyrnong Plate, for with nice quality he has plenty of-sise and substance, and, moreover, has the gift of galloping. TheBe two will ran for Mr. Lloyd at the spring meeting, after which they will be handed over to Mr. D. S. Wallace. Mr. Lloyd—who, I'm glad to say, is quite re covered from his late severe illness—will keep Too Too, a very smart-looking filly, bnt she will be the only racehorse ha will posBeBB after next month. This ia a matter for regret, for Mr. Lloyd has for many years been one of the stontest props of the Australian turf. However, his health has been so bad that he has determined to spend some time in New Zealand, whence I hope he will return like a giant refres bed and sport his colours once more at Fleming ton. Out Eseendon way I saw the Hon. Thomaa Reibey's three, Stockweli, Bagot, and Oaks, in charge of Tibballs, who has his horses in capital trim. Stockweli ia a remarkably nice colt, and having done a good preparation, he may be heard of in the Cap, while Bagot will take his part in the shorter races. Mr. Reibey, who owns these horses, is a sports man in the trne acceptation of the term, a fond supporter of cricket and other athletic exercises as well as racing—ajmuscular Chris tian, in fact; and should he prove trium phant in the great handicap of the V.R.C., the prize will go to one who thoroughly de serves it. Of Clare's Tasmanian trio, Qnick* silver seemB to me to be the fitteBb Hobart is growing too fast to do much with htm, and The Qneen has been slightly amiss, bnt when quite herself she will be heard of to advan tage. , The whips of the .Melbourne Hunt, James O'Neill and 'Harry Hayes, have written to thank Mr. Madden, sen., Mid the other mem bers of the dnb, for their kindness in con tributing to a testimonial to tjiem. By advertisement this week it willbe seen that the Goolburn Torf Club meeting has been fixed for thefith and 7th December. The club adds 200 sovs to the Gouiburn Chip, and Mr. Walter Douglas will present the winner with a trophy. The Torf Club Handicap is is mile and a quarter race, of 100 sovs.; and both races close with the secretary, Mr. J. I. Roberts on Tuesday, November 7. At the Clarence Tattersall's Jockey Club racee, to be held on Tuesday, January 2, the chief prize will be the T.J.C. Handicap, of 100 sovs. The sensational gallops of the week have been those of Guesswork and Segenhoe, the former having run a mile and a half on the outer track in 2m. 45s., and the latter in 2m. 45Js. Guesswork ran once round in 2m. 29&s.;, which is wonderfully fast. Messrs. Yuille and Co. will hold a sale of racehorses, brood mares, yearlings, &c.;, at the Pastoral Hotel, on Monday, November 6. . On Tuesday, the 7th November, Messrs. M'Culloch, Smart, and Co., through their auctioneer, Mr. F. C. Goyder, will hold a sale of thoroughbreds at the new Tattersall'a Horse Bazaar, in Stephen-street. Among the improvements that have been e flee ted by Mr. Byron Moore at Flemington, none will be more appreciated than thoee on that portion of the ground lately added to the hill enclosure. The Australasian Sketeher contains several of the additions made by the secretary, the Rookery, the Fountain, the Waterfall, and the Summer-house, all being faithfully pourtrayed. Another excellent im provement which Mr. Moore has suggested is the withdrawal of the hill traffic from the flat to a road at the back of th» enclosure. He proposes to ran a tunnel under the railway crossing, and If this be done a great deal of the traffic willbe diverted to the upper road which leads towards Ma ribyrnong, and the crashing which generally takes place on a Cap day will be obviated. Kingsdale, a two year old that brings a good reputation, has arrived from Sydney in charge of AUsopp. Wyman has returned to Adelaide with Bia Bis. Finding it useless to persevere with Mull yan, his owner has had him thrown out of training and sent home to Tabletop. Messrs. Yuille and Co. will offer ths wall bred colt Ci&me; de Bouzy for sale on Monflay next. Ironclad, who was injured so severely about a fortnight ago, got into a waterhole last week, and on Saturday last Mr. Robert son thought it advisable to pat an end to Lis sufferings, and had him shot. The chesnnt galloway Midnight, sent to India by Mr. Madden, won the Steeplechase at the Joudpore meeting. Mr. F. Wentworth has had had luck wi Cup horse The Drummer, for while ej at Flemington on Friday, he pic nail, and it was eo fitmty gn *' " foot that a claw hammer had remove it. Of eoutae the horse — afterwards, and it pay be some days^ere he can be exercised again. This may have some effect upon his fehanpe torlhe Meat spring handicap of the V.R.C. - f Mr.U S. WMI^whoJii0;tti from Melbourne forsometi ' but he ijs pot in A talegrem from f t%e Hon. James i Wfci by the mail steamer ;J {Home Fertogm, to Dert>yVi Fori! hams » lwt.pl WiMiIeadi having Dough arty three imported mare*, well enough bred to take their place in any stud. They are Tilly, by Lacydes from Florry, by Wingrave or Primate from Gibside Lady, by Eataplan (brother to Stock well) Irom Lady Hawthorn, by Windboand from Alice Haw thorn (dam of the Derby winner Thormanby); a (black mare by Blinkhoolie from Patch work (sister to the English performers Pell Hell and Flurry), by Young Melbourne from Makeshift, by Voltigeur; and the third is Evangeline, by Blair Athol (son of Stock well) from Eveline. by Kingston. Mr. Mitchell has exercised a wise choice in selecting these mares to mate with his pro mising young sire Glorious, for their lines of blood should suit hiifa to a nicety, as each has a dash of Stockwell or his brother Rataplan, and Glorious being a descendant of KewminBfer, the cross which has been so successful in the old couutry is at once pro cured. 1 anticipate very happy results from the union. Corrie Roy, who won the Cesarewitch, carried Set 71b.; Chippendale, who was second, Sst. 121b. ; and City Arab, third, 7st. Flying Jib changed his quarters early in the week, and iB now training at Flemington. Ard-Righ has joined P. Heywood'a string, which has been farther augmented by the arrival of Don Alvo, by Prince William from Quickstep. This horee ie full brother to Don Silva. One of the best gallops ever performed at Flemington was that of Prometheus on Thursday. He ran twice roond the tan, the first time in lm. 53s, and the second in 1m. Ms., or 4m. 47s. for the two miles, which is quite first-class ; and if he can stay, about which there seems to be Borne doubt, he ought to run forward in both Derby and Cup. It is with great regret I have to announce the death of Mr. Stephen C. Brown, who for some years occupied a position on the com mittee of the Australian Jockey Club. He was a most enthusiastic supporter of the tnrf, cricket, and other sports; and was esteemed by all who knew him. It is said that N&rina; run the five furlongs at Flemington a few mornings ago in lm. 5s., and also that Middlemarch compassed the distance in lm. 5s. Sharp work, this ; but nntii the rain came the track was in beauti ful order for making fast time. In the Sportsman'B Club totalieator on the V.A.T.C. second Hurdle Race, there was not a single shilling on Lord o' Clyde, and inves tors got their money back, less the percent age. The committee of the Victorian Ctnb has fixed Thursday and Friday next for com paring days on the V.R.C. Spring Meeting. ScsxrcBiKOg — Melbourne Cup—Mulatto, Wizard (Coleman's), Canary. Derby and Oaks—Kit Nubbles, Sam peon Brass, Qui Vive, May Queen, Queen Klizabetb. Hallway and Tan Yean Stakes—Mullyan. All engagements—Raillery, Satanella. Hotham Han dicap—Attach^, Pollio, Be Had rum, The Assyrian. Bardie Race—Red Rover. Steeplechase — Gazelle, Ahdallah. Coburg Stakes—Prattle. 