\-- & & X. 3B 8* ?--- SD'G K D TOOLS By tbo Author of 'King Cophetua ; on,- Rubt North's Lovehs,' ' Rose of the WonLD,' &o.;, in tho Family Herald ^ * H« look 8 like a ^entli'iimn,' Lesley -3eci-lpcl,broplliing'very Bol'-ly, for fenr of waking him. ' I thought Manchester pooplewero all vul^ur nrd dropped thoir h's. They always do in novel*. They arn alwnys very rich, nn-1 mnrry some girl in society who is breaking her heart for a-,(cousin in the Guards, and who bpcoinns rccltlpsH,1 nnd wears impossible toiletH, nnd ni'iia tlie Munclieslerliuaband by bpr PXlrnviiunheo. Mr. Hal.'tdoy'a mniinor is perfectly good, too — paps says eo— b.-it.rlitTrt ont from A.r'ohie'8 and the Dipn lie knows — ximplur — there is less affectation of iixl'fFeroneo. His faco kinuled to dny wlien he »\\- ike to Dolly about Doctor Swnyne; he w.ia not ashnmud to sh»w hi* regnnl for b-rn. He louks kind and strong, and an if ho c.mld do anything with hin handn. I wonder whether ho has ever It ad to work?. I suppose be linn no inolher or sinter to taki- ciire nf him, poor fel ow, (9r *l\ey would huvo kept him at home until he had quite got over lu's. illnoas '. Wei',, if he sleeps liite tltia overy. dny, lie; won't be much in the way. SiiU i hope lie will bo gbn-i before Archie cornea. They wo.ulil not get on well together ' at nil. Archie is so In^tidious.' A smile trembled oa Lesley's lins, which gave way to a lit tie* «ig'i as she weut away on tip-toe, holding her novel against her breast. When Caleb, with a tremendous yawn opened his eyes a few minutss later, he saw only the vacant room and the summer twilight gathering; dimly about his drowsy eyes* ' I'm deuced hungry 1' was his first reflection, and, looking at his watch, he started to his feet. ' I must make haste and wash my hands aud ^ot into tho drawing-room, or Miss Beil may take a fancy to bring me tny dinDer on a tray.' * Tho ungraroiul young man mado good hisoscapo, and was ready with 'anapo'ogv- for his morning- coat by the time Mrs. Powlett and Lesley came down-stairs. 'I liape that you had good sport, Miss Be',' he said, stooping to arran^a tbe footaiool for her livt'e feet, ? and that the flies did proper execution.' Sir John and Lesley broke out into an animated account: of their e::p'oits ou the river, aud especially a prolonged si.rug-g'lo with an obstinate four-pounder which was at length hooked by the big pol'ai'd- willow near tho bridge — whicli h.'s'ocy carried them a'ong easily up to the announcement of dinner. Lesley was fur too busy duriog1 that importune meal to bo able to talk much, and Caleb was begiuuing to think her a loss objeoitonab'o girl than ho had supposod, when, just as she was leaving tho room with tt-r failb-'ul Doliy. I'ad yoiiDfr lady spoiled all, and sack several deg-oes iu the Manchester maa's Ohiima tion. ' Would you like mo to niog for you this evening V was tbo unlucky speech sho made as Culob he'd tbo do'or opo-j. ,1 will, if you u.'o good' And so slio ? vanished, ilusliod anil smiliag, in a C.oud of whiio muslin. 'If I am good I1 tho young roaa eroaned,. fuuiiag1 inwardly as bo re o-ood to tlio ta'oJo. ' I bcltevo tlnit girl woe'd fntroniso tbo Pi-inco of Wales. W;-at could Alick Swayuo have seea ia hep to ? .' and I ben he fo-'got a' I about Lesley in tbo enjoviuODt of Sir Joba's tpw good «ino aud jovial lalk about tho covers and kenaels, and the prospects of the shooting season, and was quite sorry when it was time to join the ladies. The lamp had not yet been lighted in the drawing-room ; the long windows were wide open to tbe moonlit gardens, where the tall elms stood in masses of glittering silver, casting their dense shadows on the lawn ; a light breeze swayed tho curtains to and fro ; a nightingale was singing. The tea-things stood neglected on a little table, and Mrs. Powlett was knitting rapidly in the dusk. Lesley was not in the room. Sir John expressed surprise at her absence ; and, as Mrs. Powlett rose to go in search of her, Caleb could do no less thaa offer his services — at which Mrs. Powlett smiled. 'Thank you, Mr. HaUiday,' she said 'You will find her at. tho boat-bouse, I dare say — or porhapsia her own garden near the sun-dial. 'Turn to tho right, and you will see tho marble steps that leud' to it.' Mrs. Powlett, who considered moonlit gardens apt to give neuralgia to people ofacertaiu age, sat down to pour out tea for sir John, and Caleb, stepping from tbe dusky drawing-room into the white glory of the July night, went ia search ot Miss Bell. Everything was so still that he could hear tbe river rippling over its stones, os it ran, like a silver chain, across the green dark landscape. A bat flitted by close to his face ; the trees wer.- whisper ing together overhead. With a long look, Caleb took in the beauty of the scene, and then turned slowly on his heol, whistling softly as he went — past the threat cedar that was spread: og its black arms above the striped Afghans and gay-coloured pillows on which Lesloy liad been reading tbat morning, through n long clipped alley 'sfetchlug away into silent depths of fragrant gloom, and so to the head of theflight of marble steps that lod to Miss Bell's flower gardon. ? .?- ?- . . .; ;: This was a quaint old plfiasaunce, whore primly-dressed .'.beauties...... had : tended their roses and watcbed the slow passnge of the hours in da}rs gone by, and where everything had been permitted ta retain its old-world, air, froin the. grotesque lion's head, through the month, of which a tiny stream tricklod oa to aa irou grating below, to the moss-grown dial, and sweet-smelling posies, each in its season, that : smothered the grassy beds with their unprnnod luxuriance and bloom. Caleb paused, leaning1 his elbows on the marble balustrade, and looked down into the sheltered nook. Tlio moon was shining full on to the green-plot in tbe middle, and a little slender figure — like tbe ghost of one of thedead-and-gono beauties in powder and patches — was dancing to its own shadow on the silvery sward, twirling, siogioff, 'coquetting, and makui;* tbe most stalely ' cheeses ' that a white muslin dress cou'd produce. Lesley Bell looked such a child, she seomod so liaopy, and so unconscious of horself, tbot Caleb: was loath to break up tbe picture. ??; ? 'I'll wait uutil she's out of breath,' he decided, magnanimously ; and, pro ducing a biigo cigar, he struck a light and prepared for a quiot smoke. That broke tbe spell. The singing suddenly ceased; the young latly stopped .her dancing, and turned her head in his direction, peering up at him from amongst the dusky bushes. ?'; 1 Is that you, papa ?' sho criod, gaily. ' Come down and finish your cigar in my garden. How nice it smells — almost as ntce as my giUi-flowevs !' ' It is too late for people to- be but in tho night air,' responded tbe young man, gravely. ? If I am papa, I desire you to return to the drawing-room.' Lesley began to laugh, and came running1 up tbe steps to his side. Her lovely golden: locks were loosened. ' Am I to go in V she asked, smelling the bunch of red carnations she held in her hand. ' No ; don't stop smoking 1 Did you ever see such a heavenly niglit ? How I should like to pull down the river toCbalton!' 'It would be very imprudent,', said Caleb, lifi.iog himself up, a tall' bearded figure, beside tbe girl's slim while shape. ' But so jolly,'- she pleaded, with' her pretly halt boyish- air ; and she he'd up. her flowers lor him to smell, as: if she wanted to bribe him. Caleb bent his handsome head over the nosegay iu a re.s'jriied manner. 'Shall wo go in?' he said, turning round. ' Sir Jobnsent mo to look for you, Miss Bo'!.' ' j Lesley opeued'ht-r blue eyes.- What man but this would have proposed leaving the glorious midsummer moonlight-, the cool fragrant gardens, when she was at his side, for the .drawiag-room and Dolly's lukewarm tea? ? If sho bad condescended to say to Mr. Croker — which sho nevoc had dono, however — 'I want to pu'.l down the river,' would Dot tibate-de'i|v aad amiable in au have braved lumbago aud rhei- mut- ism, aDd followed hot' to v'jo Laud's End? Wtion did Charley West or Reginald Spooceo re^tiso to accede to her slightest request, to humour hor wildest wbiro. di'rioar tbat longvoca-ion when t'ley both fell in lovo with her? If A'-c'jie wo-o lio-o, would not bo have smooibon awny all difficulties, gaiocd papa's coDsovt. col'eoiod na nrm:'t'l of siiawfs, aud belpod hor iuio 1(10 boat in a twini.':i)3-? ' I thiuk M'. Ea'iiday must bo shy,' Miss Boil decided, as she walkod houie wardly at Caiob's sido — 'ho does not feel at ease with us yet ; ' and so she put her crossness away,' . and turned a bright face to him ia the tender light, and talked hor pretty girl's talk, with the laudable intention of re-assuring the timid young giant. But whnt subject would be likely to interest a Manchester man ? That was the question. Hardly books or music or pictures, about which Archie always talked so nicely, and which Lesley her self liked almost as much as she liked danciog and fishing and riding. What should sho talk about Caleb on his part smoked bis cignr tranquilly, and did not appear distressed by the silence which had lasted quite half a minute. ' I wish I could smoke,' Miss Bell sighed inwardly. ' It makes a umu look so wise when he happens to have nothing to say.' ' If Archie where here, Mr. Halliday,' she began, ' you would not be so dull. Wo expect liim very soon — any day, in fact.' 'Archie?' — 'Yes — my cousin. He lives in London ; isn't lie lucky V ' Very — he is your cousin,' Caleb would have said to this pretty girl, if he had not' been unwilling to gratiTv her shallow nature with even so small a compliment. ' Because, he lives in London ?' was his actual reply, as he knocked the ash off his cigar and looked sunlight before him. ' df course. Is there any place in the world like London? I dream of it often and ofien — of the shops and the park, and the Opera, and — oh, the balls I How I wish it was next year 1' 1 Is not this yea' pleasant enough, Miss Be'l ?' Caleb asked, smiling good naturedly at her liiolo raptures. Heycot seemed to him a decidedly agreeable place to him just then. His cigar was good, the air deHcious, and Lesley looked reallv cbannia ? ia her wbi-o dress. ' This yeT V she echoed. ' This year is a prosy, happy old year enough ; but next year I am to come out. I am to be presented, and to stop in town for the wbole Rdasoh. Aunt Adelaide says .J!0.'..._, ....... ? ..,. ..... ... .. \ ' And what does cousin Archie say ?' Caleb inquirer), dreamily, as she paused for breath. Ho was watching the dis'ant shimmer of the white rays oa the rivor, and it seemed an effort to talk, to boeak the radiant stillness of the hour with commonplace remarks; ' Archie says he likes me best in the eountry,' Lesley, sighed. 'You1 see he is so podr^dear old boy, and he tbiuirs I shall marry some '? ' swell,' : as he says, and forget himl' ' - ' Cttleb laughed at this naive admission. 'Au opiuion which you share, of course, idiss Bu'l ?' ' Yes' I suppose so— at least I don't mean to forgot Archie, ceriainiy, only I should not like to be an- old' maid,'-'. 'Death would be preferable, I should say,' said Caleb, coldly, and he threw away his cigar. They were neariog tbo drawing-room window now j la''ge square patches of yeilow.-ligkt lav oa the moooht Jawu. 'What a 8efcabsorbed l^lle aoi.nal. it is i'.tbe young man thought, smothering a yawo. ' She dreams of Loudon tails, and contemplates making a swell marriage beVe she is well ou.t-of p;im fores. 1 wonder if she gives a sic^'.'e thought to tbo poo? ie) i.ow who isbveak iosr bis heart for her over y'ondofia' the vi'ia^e, who is going to ,-vire.up ;,Oaie and country aud all -his liiile world for her sake.' He sighed heavily at the1 thought of the fate of his absouc friend, and Leslev hcard it. ' I am keeping you out too louj,' sbo cried; with a sudden roco'lectioa of bis inva'id coQu'-.ioc. ? ' Do forgive me for being so thoughUess. Let us go in at ODce.' 'Or sba'l we pull down the river to Cbai tou ?' ho asked lai'^hiiig. 'No.no!' She laid lier pretty sun burnt hand on the youug* man's sleeve, and looked at him will) a quaint mater-mi air of anxioiy. ' You are lookiag pale o/jain — as pale as you did last n:gbt in the boat-house. Come in, aud let Do(l -r give you some tea.' So they wont in through the open window together, Caleb laujvbiog at her liixlo air of solicitude, and Lesley insisi ing on taking care of him. - ;'..'? '-.. '.;' ^ ':[To;be ^continuedij. ',-p'-,' .':'''.? 