AllSS PUA1BK0Y AS " HAMLET. Tho performance at tho Roy.il Princess last evening: was unique and without a parallel, so far as Sandhurst is concerned, seciug that it was the first time the role of " Hamlet" was over essayed by a lady, while we havo had aspirants for fame 121 the character of varied grades of excellence, not forgetting the talented impersonation by our local amateur. In each and all of these instances, thcro was one thing wanting—tho appropriate physique. ^ This defect was for tho first' time supplied in tho person of Miss Pomeroy, whose natural proportions gave a realism to the character, which art is powerless to pro vide. But few actors claiming to be students of Shakspeare agree 011 the points of " Hamlet," and each introduces some feature that would seem to have been omitted by the others. With such scopo for variety it is not to bo wondered that Miss Pomoroy's portraiture was marked by what many of her audience deemed something new. It may fairly be concluded that this is but an evi dence of careful study, and intelligent efforts to unravel the mysteries of tho dramatist's work. .There was a capital house last evening to greet Miss Pomeroyon her return visit and applaud her for her truly artistic impersonation. Wo have seldom heard Hamlet's language spoken with more marked elfect, each sentence beiug delivered with a point which gave it its proper signi ficance; there was no rapidly getting rid of the language void of emphasis, but still it appeared as if Home of the beautiful soliloquies could havo borne more emphasis, and would have been more effective if delivered with greater vigor or earnestness. When soliloquising she was scarcely dealing with herself; the manner was not that of one arguing with oneself, utterly oblivious of all surroundings, but rather an elocutionary effort. The first meeting with the Ghost gave room for a show of vigor, which was more fully displayed in the chamber scene with the (>ueen; and here all the bitterness of tho wrong under which Hamlet suffered burst forth with much intensity and vehemence, making it one of the most effective portions of tho piece. The scene at tho grave, when encountering " Laertes," and the final or poisoning scene were scarcety worked tip to the height we would have expected, and fell short of dramatic power where most wanting. Miss Pomeroy's nationality is unfortunately too prominent in her speaking to be pleasant to every ear, and becomes monotonous. The cloak worn by il Hamlet" in the closing acts was far too large, and was not carried with becoming grace; it made him look every inch a woman with a skirt on, drawn up high enough to avoid tho mud. This can be remedied, and it is only necessary* to call attention to it in the interests of the lad}* artist. Miss A. Deorwyn made a very nice u Ophelia," but suffered from a cold. Mh W. J. Hollo\vay spoke his " Ghost's" lines with marked precision, and not bad effect. Mr. Arthur Elliot played :u Laertes" very well indeed. The rest of the cast played well up to the principals. To-night Miss Poinerov repeats her clever performance of "Hamlet," and we feel sure al\e will command a Large attendance. 