THE GREAT BELL FOE ST. PAUL'S. The following particulars of the great bell for St. Paul's have been forwarded by a well-known correspondent, Mr. W. S. Franks, of Leicester, who lias had an oppor tunity of personally inspecting what is, we believe, the largest bell ever cast in Eng land. It is standing mouth upwards at the foundry of Messrs. Taylor, Loughborough, and struck as it stands, the deep boom is almost too deafening for the ear in such close proximity. The weight of the bell is 17i tons 5 its diameter at the mouth iM*. oin., and thickness at soandbow, 8Jin. The bell itself exceeds 7ft. in height, but from the lip to the top of the cannons it measures 8ft. lOin. Our correspondent says the note is E flat. At present the bell is struck by means of an iron ball weighing 6001b., which is slung by a chain to an overhead girder. When the question for a big bell for St. Paul's was first mooted there were objections. It was said that the Chapter had got a bell of four or five tons weight ?which they scarcely ever rang1, and what did they want with more ? It was urged that the tower which was destined for tbe bell would certainly come down 5 that the neighboring men of business would be dis turbed in their operations ; that nobody in England could cast a big bell. This last allegation has been satisfactorily set at rest. A bell weighing some seventeen tons and a half — that is four tons heavier than the great bell at Westminster— has actually been cast in a satisfactory manner by_a Leicestershire firm. There is an idea in England that all big bells are necessarily named Tom. Peter, of York, and Harry, of Canterbury suffice to counterbalance the Toms of Oxford and of Lincoln. Tom or no Tom, however, the big bell of London outweighs its rivals both of Lincoln and Oxford by many a ton. It is, indeed, in significant beside the vast and partly-ruined monsters of Moscow, but with the great belts of Western Europe it can vie very fairly. Moreover, it is said to be excellent not only ia size but in quality, which may be frankly admitted to be the more impor tant excellence of the two. Sir E. Beckett, calculating the weight of the great Russian bells by their dimensions, makes the great bell of Moscow 220 tons in weight, and another 110 tons, but practically these are bells only in name. The great bells of Western Europe, thoseof Rouen (destroyed), Olmutz, and Vienna alone exceed the weight of the new bell, and that only by a few hun dredweight, but the most famous bell — that of Erfurt — weighs much less (13 tons 15 c wt.) Mr. Froade has somewhere called bells a special and characteristic creation of the Middle Ages. They are, no doubt, specially characteristic of that side of the Middle Ages which, if not the most his torically true, is the most poeiically impres sive — its mystical and romantic side. The conclusion that they are out of place in a modern town is a hasty and an unphilo sophical one. Except in a very confined space, and at too low a level, bells are by no means intrusive. When Big Ben was hung the same prophecies of evil were made, and with aU bis drawbacks, exaggerated as they have been, Ben has been long accepted as a rather pleasant ingredient of the strqjUus of our modem Rome, than which the old one could hardly have been more noisy, as it probably was not wealthier, and certainly not half eo smoky. A, rival at the \- - otiici ea .. of the embankment will be far enough off to enter into no indecent com petition, aud the greater size of the new bell will enable it to master the louder roar of the neighboring streets, though wood and asphalte have come to its assistance be forehand in that matter. Only it is to be hoped that the tower will be looked to be fore the bell is hung. Report has it that the Midland Railway is shy of a passenger some eighteen tons in weight, and 9ft. high by 10ft. broad, and that the bell will have to be brought by toad, meeting, let us hope, with no opposition from alarmed highway boards, and not crushing in more culverts, cellars, and other traps of their kind than is reasonable. — English Mechanic. 'I never argy agin a success,' said Aitenius Ward. ' Whenlseearattlesnaix's head sticking out ov a hole, I bear off to the left and say to myself, ' that hole belongs to that snaix.' ' An exchange says: 'The bicycle is a great thing to put flesh on a man's legs.' It is also a great thing to take flesh off a man's nose and other portions of his face. When Adam was in his bachelorhood he found his nights lonely, and always welcomed the morn with gladness. Still, for all that, he was happier when Eve came. A Hardened Wretch. — ^'Does our talk disturb you ?' said one of a company of talkative ladies to an old gentleman sitting in a railroad station the other afternoon. 'No, ma'nia,' was the naive reply 'I've been married nigh on to 40 years.' ' You will hear, I dare say,' said M'Leachlan, ' what happened to our brother from the Sound when he was preaching at Kilmore. You know he is very fond of preaching extempore, and when he went into the vestry he said to the elders, ' I really do not know what to preach about/ said he. ' Do you not know,' says Tun can M'Tavish, one of the elders, * what to preach apout ?' * No, I do not, really.' ? Well, then,' says Tuncan, ' shust preach about five minutes, it'll pe quite enough.' ' ' It's out of his own head,' said Ross, ' he got that one, Mr. M'Roy, put hear is one that is quite true about himself. When he was preaching at Slashach, one day he was very eloquent indeed, and when he was in his raptures he cried, 'Aad what shall I say more, my friends ? and what shall I say more ?'' Say amen, says a tecent woman sitting pelow the pulpit.1 ' Young Love's Dream. — She was a real pretty, bread and butter, peaches and cream kind of a green country girl, and she almost broke the hearts of the clerks in the post office when she came up to the window and asked to buy a postage stamp. ' Ah,' said Oscar, with a smile of killing variety, as he noticed she had a yellow envelope in her hand, ' why not buy a plain, white stamped envelope ?' ' I don't want a stamped en velope,' she simpered, ' I want a stamp.' ' Oh very well, miss, but you know stamped envelopes are all the rage now.' ' I don't care, I want a stamp.' ' Well you are just too utterly utter, Won't you tell me why you want the stamp?' and the young man wrapped a smile around his face like a sheet around a ghost, ' Yo* won't tell anybody ?' ' No, of course not.' ' Nobody ?' ' No.5' ' Well, then — te-he — te-he,' she laughed, ' you see, my beau he don't like stamped en velopes. He lives away out in Colorado, and he says he never gets to see me, but it I lick the stamp and stick it on he can take it off and chew it, and it is the next thing to kissing me.' Then she blushed and looked teased, and. Oscar got so red in the face that he gave her a stamp and seven cents change for a three cent, piece. 