NEW CALEDONIA. fïBO_ OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) NOUMEA, FRB. 20. It is a subject of general surprise here that none of the large banking institutions of Australia have (stendal their business to Noumea. That there is an rouleau opening is the opinion of the beat informed. Ino rate of interest charged upon the most unexceptional security in 12 per cent., which is the recognized legal rate here. Our exports are increasing, and likely to do so, especially in minerals, though the public need to be on their guard at statements such as are once more being lent by mining correspondent in Noumea" to the Australian press. The currency hero is in silver, and every mail, wheelbarrows, loaded with boxes or cumbersome dollars, are trundled through the streets on rout's tor transport to Australia, in payment, at a heavy discount for exchange, for the cargoes of merchandise brought us from thence. The inconveniences of the silver currency are very great. A letter sells a number of cattle or sheep He is paid in heavy dollars, and obliged to get help of some kind to Garraway the weight of silver, which, like all others in town, he has to take care of as best he may, as there is no bank to pay it into, upon which he could draw by cheque. Unless he is the possessor of a heavy life, he has to hide his money. Thieves are aware of the fact. Nothing strikes the traveller in New Caledonia more forcibly, because practically, than the almost total absence of roads. Other means of communication are also as unsatisfactory. A few coasters which have to contend against a pretty constant strong head wind when returning to Noumea, are only less inviting than the regular small mail steamer, which can stay but a limited time at each place of call If there Yvero roads in the interior visitors could join the steamer at different places, riding from post to " poets." But the roads remain on paper or, more inexcusable still on sign- boards. On a visit to one of the country " postes " made by the former Governor, Monsieur Olry, who really desired to develop the country, he was no doubt charmed to BOO several sign-posts pro (Aiming to all readers, " Road to-," and uno straight roads stretching in the various indicated directions. Had tim«permittedtheGovernor to find out what a very short distance the traveller passed over these roads inducted him into the virgin forest, the tune sung by those interested in the erection of the pretty sign- posts would possibly have been less jubilant. Two years ago, a really fine piece of road was made in one of the country districts leading past a certain river, over which is a pretty bridge was constructed which every settler predicted would be washed away by the first flood-as proved the case. The good road remains, leading to the dilapidated bridge destroyed 12 months ago, and not a word of warning to the traveller who would lose his horse, perhaps his own life, should he attempt to ford the dangerous river. Settlers driving their cattle to market are often obliged to clear passages for them through the scrub. New Caledonia is practically bridgeless and roadless. After 29 years' occupation it is perhaps one of the most difficult colonies for transport or communication that the traveller could find. If a few miles of roads were made here and there throughout the colony, leading to different ports, an impetus would be given to the operations of the colonists and encouragement to vessels to make regular calls to ship produce, As matters are, suggest any pursuit but stock-raising to a colonist, and the natural reply is, " Certain failure, it would cost me more to get my produce to market than it would finalize when there." As a consequence such a thing as lucerne in constant demand in Noumea- can he (shown only by those whose farms border the sea and whom it well pays for keeping a boat osprcBsly for its transport to Noumea. FEB. 22. The great heat which act in on the 12th lasted till the evening of the 10th, when a change to rain set in. We have had copious falls throughout the country, and it promises to continue. Already the growth, of grass is almost incredible one can almost see it grow. Travellers over the blue grass downs of Queensland used to assert that they could hear the grass growing Ed they lay down amidst the bursting blades. At present we rival Queensland. The rain came none too soon, for the country was in a sad state from drought and locusts. These latter us crawling about in millions upon millions, and it is feared they will much injure the young grass. 'Tis in their crawling state, when from a few days to two or three weeks old, that these pests. are the most destructive, They are also the most, easily destroyed at this stage. A bold attempt at evasion was made on the 22nd by six convicts at Isle Now, who, in broad daylight and in presence of their guards, seized the boat, which as usual had arrived early in the morning with the rations of meat from Noumea. They dashed into the boat, threw the crew into the water, and tried to make off with the boat, The surveillance fired upon them, killed one, and wounded three others one of them Mously and thus put an end to that insane- attempt, for the convicts had not the ghost of a chance to succeed in their efforts. This instance strongly illustrates the uphill task it is now for the authorities to maintain a proper disciplino|over these desperate men. One has lately launched into a new line for securing his liberty A pinch of documents has been forwarded to the Governor from the Minister in Paris for further inquiry. These pareora purport to be certificates from the Corumistsuro of Police, the municipal council, the directer of the Penitentiary Administra- tion, and from the Governwr'himsolf, recommending a convict named Petiteau forwarded, in consequence of his courage and devotion, in saving a lady resident of Noumea, who with her two children during a visit to the country-were drowning in the middle of a broad and dangerous river, through the upsetting of a boat. The action of the man was praised in these documents in the highest terms. All the requisite office stamps and signatures were in perfect order. The Governor's signature only seemed a little doubtful, but it might have passed, with many others perfectly imitated, but for the unofficial heading of the Governor's certificate, which caused suspicion and led to the discovery of this angular series of forgeries, which, as a matter of course, Petitoau knows nothing about. A new weekly in the clerical interest, and named Le Äouwlltsic, was started here on the. 18th february. To judge by its two first issues, it promises to be an exposition, in a literary point of view, at any rate. We now have one bi-weekly and three weekly papers, including the Moniteur. m. T. MARCH 3. In a. ticket Company of Noumea isofforingjExchange side Australia at 22 per cent. The mail arrived on the 1st, and for the first time since the outbreak of smallpox in Sydney has come up to the town and moored at the wharf, to the great satisfaction of all concerned. Quarantine has ceased, the well-known face of Captain Calder, so long connected with this vessel as ohießotncor,.giTOStpleasure to many old friends. Copious rains have fallen, and the country rejoices. It is now fine. A. FENIAN SCHEME..- A Atlas," in the London World of January 11, says: "Mr. "right's fast- at, Lin««n8huni has recalled attention to the "v??l0U9. language used at the Chicago Convention, hut IA "i nor his critics seem to be aware that a rumour e inS to much deeper hatred to England than coming out dynamite, engaged the attention of a secret love of "a Fenian organization. This was nothing AM the fitting-out of a pirate vessel-a Fenian maDras to prey on English commerce. The scheme tmL. carefully considered, and the idea was to 680! through third land unsuspected parties, a swift SS. i England. to (get her armaments, in the United 12 ? ', i convey it to her at some point ins-the ocean. It it a H to Provision her for 12 or 18 months, so that their '^neccssar.wfor her to touch)at export during Inf., L , ebohoporwai that they would do irreparable IX? 9- h land"- There would have been no diffl tb»"a60."'CB a captain and crew to risk, their necks in ding?. rankle; but the expense of the plan and the mS by saying would rather damped the ardour of its wK ' -e V, would probably not be wise I assume that it has been wholly abandoned." 