COLONIAL TELEGRAMS. ♦ ? VICTORIA. FFrom our own CorreBDondenfc.1 Melbourne, February 24. The Premier has received a letter from Prince Gabrielli, the president of the central : committee of the International Exhibition, to be held at Rome in 1885-6, appointing a number of gentlemen as a Victorian com mittee. The trial of W. J. Thomson on a charge of obtaining £1,000 by means of a valueless security, was advanced a stage to- day. The case, however, will probably occupy several days more, as the prisoner conducts his own defence and wastes much time over the witnesses. A Queensland aboriginal was committed for trial to-day at the ^Preston Court, on a charge of attempted -criminal assault on a married woman at Preston. He was also remanded to Geelong on a charge of com-, mitting a similar offence there. Terry's West-End Brewery Company have declared a dividend of 15 per cent. 1 Mr. Berry has accepted an invitation from the Sydney Protection League to . attend a . banquet to be held in ApriL Melbourne, February 26. An extraordinary application was made at the Warmambool Police Court yesterday. A man named Nettleton stated that his so called wife had charged him in her evidence in a maintenance case with having burnt a child of hers about thirty years ago in Tas mania. He is a druggist in the town and wants to have the charge investigated. Six trucks containing several thousand gallons of water were sent to Donald yester day. Considerably more water is wanted, as the supply provided so far is only enough for the township, and there is none for the far mers in the surrounding districts. At the Sale Assizes, Samuel Allardyce, a selector living at Maffra, was charged with murdering George Thomson, lately a coun cillor for the Maffra shire. The plea of in sanity was put forward and allowed, aud the prisoner was ordered to be confined during Her Majesty's pleasure. At the same court an old man named William Marshall, a travelling photographer, was found guilty of a criminal assault on a girl under the age of 12, and was remanded for sentence. In connection with the late Customs seizures, the agents of the ship Meath, the manifest of which wrongly described her cargo, have written to the Commissioner of Customs stating that they were not aware that there was any misrepresentation of the merchandise carried by the vessel. As the goods seized by the Customs officers out of the premises of Sun Earn Lee in Little Bourke-strcet are unclaimed they have been confiscated. McCarthy, the keeper of the Boundary Hotel at Sandridge, shot bis wife in the back of the neck with a revolver during the course of a quarrel. The woundis not of a dangerous character. The man has been arrested. Yesterday a telegram was received stating that the barque Romeo was ashore at Ram's . Head, and was breaking up rapidly. A ' teamer has been sent round to recover the Preliminary arrangements are being made for the production of Dr. Torrances new oratorio, 'Revelation,' at an early date. \- An enquiry has been held into the circum stances attending the suicide of the widow named. Mary Houldham, who cut her throat with a. pair of scissors, and a verdict of tempo rary insanity has been returned. At the Princess Theatre the American \- comedy ' Professor' was played for the first time in the colonies last night. Messrs. Mar shall and Titherage sustained the principal characters. The theatre was crammed and the performance was a great success, the audience being enthusiastic in its applause. At the Theatre Royal Mr. Grattan appeared in ' Shin Fane' to a good house. A large audience also witnessed the performance of the spectacular drama, 'Michael Strogoff,' at the Bijou, in which piece Mr. Burdett Howe appeared. The Mendelssohn Quintette Club had only a moderate attendance at the Opera House. Flour is dull at £11 for country brands. Wheat is stronger, and 5s. 2d. is freelyoffered . for prime samples. While two larrikins were being arrested for insulting behavior in Bourke-street on Saturday night a regular fight took place between the constables and larrikins who had gathered in great numbers. One of the larrikins and a constable had to be taken to the hospital and treated for wounds received during the row. Instructions have been given by the rail way department to call for tenders for the extension of the railway from Wodonga to the River Murray. A large number of water trains are now running, the cost of which is £500 weekly. Inspector Brooke Smith, of the police force, has resigned owing to ill-health. The weather changed to-day, and several showers felL There is the appearance of more rain falling. Melbourne, February 27. The six days' go-as-you-please tournament for twelve hours a day, between Swan and Miss Phillips, for £100 a side, the lady receiv ing 30 miles start, was finished on Saturday night. Swan did 321 miles and 6 laps in the time, and Miss Phillips 321 mile3. A ballast train at Cope Wope ran off the line to-day. About fifteen persons were on the truck and four were seriously injured, one man having his leg cut off. A larrikin named John Moloney, seventeen years of age, has been fined £10 or in the alternative sentenced to imprisonment for three months, on a charge of assaulting a woman with a rooker. The bench stated that they had received several threatening letters depicting pistols, bowie knives, &c.; These were sent by prisoner's companions. A fierce bush fire lias been raging round Bunyip. By using great exertions the stationmaster and the inhabitants managed to save the station. At Casterton fifteen hundred acres of grass were burnt. The smallpox scare raised at Cai-lton turns out to be unfounded. A young woman had been acting as washerwoman for the non infected passengers at the quarantine ground, and on her getting a sore throat it was re ported that she had smallpox, and she rushed off to the quarantine ground, but when there it turned out to be a false alarm. Watson, the late manager of the Colonial Bank at Dunkeld, was charged at the Police Court to- day with stealing £230. Prisoner pleaded guilty. The case was remanded for a week in order to allow of arrangements being made for a special court to be held at Dunkeld, where the theft was committed. John Smart, a clerk of works, was charged with perjury by swearing that there was no lawful impediment to his marriage with Mary Jane Lane, she having a husband alive at the time. The man L;me being unable to produce a certificate of his marriage the case was dismissed. Flour is quoted at £11 2s. (id. to £11 os.; wheat, 5s. Id. to os. 2d. The manager of the French Discount Bank waited on the Commissioner of Customs to day and produced bills of lading held by the bank against the company's ship Meatli. He stated that the bank was ignorant of any fraud being attempted. Mr. Gi-aves expressed the opinion that the bank are innocent in the matter, but before giving any decision he will take the advice of the Crown law officers. The total amount of the bills is £1.200. The police imagine that they liavc iden tified the lieadless body found at Stawell a short time back as that of Frank A. Bellman, the son of a Church of .fcln-jland clergyman, at Norwich, England. Bellman disappeared suddenly from the locality about the time of the murder. A Gazette notice appears to-night pro roguing Parliament from the 28th of Feb ruary to the IZoth of April. Messrs. Dowling, Brough, and Geoghe gan, magistrates of Kiimore, who ad judicated on the bench during the hearing of the ease of a teacher named Hayes, lately convicted of indecent assault onafemalc pupil, siguedafter having apetition statingtheir belief in Hayes's innocence, have had their names struck off the roll of justices, as they did not resign when called upon to do so. As there was not a full meeting of the Cabinet to-day, the decision on the police commission's report has been postponed till the full meeting of the Cabinet is held. A board has been appointed to enquire into the best means of conducting and supervising the accountant's branch of the Lands Depart ment, so as to prevent the recurrence of such defalcations as recently occurred. Tremendous bush fires are reported from the Winchelsea district. A great amount of property has been destroyed. The land revenue continues to show a steady increase, and the payments made are gradually approaching the amount estimated by the Treasurer. On the 11th inst. the pay ments received from selectors for rents amounted to £6,666 less than the estimated re ceipts, and on the 18th this was reduced to £6,104. The total receipts of land revenue from all sources on the 11th fell short of the estimate by £16,000, and on the ISth the deficiency was reduced to £13,000. The Government paid during the year 1SS1 the sum of £6,000 for vaccination fees. Dr. Reynolds, the Roman Catholic Bishop of Adelaide, preached a sermon yesterday on behalf of the orphanages. Hecomplainedthat the State system of education failed to meet the wants of the people, while indirectly the Government were attempting to proselytise Catholic children. Melbourne, February 2S. The trial of J. W. Thomson, late a land agent, who is charged with obtaining £1,000 by means of false pretences and secreting a title deed, still drags wearily on. Five days have, been- occupied by the trial already, and if the prisoner persists in pursuing his cross examinations the case will not be finished before the end of next week. The first trial in connection with the late Jolimont railway accident was commenced ; and finished in the Supreme Court to-day, when Mr. Alfred Bliss, the auctioneer, sued the Board of Land and Works for £5,090 for injuries received, and the jury returned a verdict for £2,500. To-morrow the case of the executors of the late Mr. Stephens, who was killed owing to the accident, will be heard. Last night the Argyle Hotel, atArgyle, near Linton, which was occupied by Air. Conrad Zillies, .was totally destroyed by fire. The -origin of the fire is unknown. The building was insured in the Australian Alliance Company for £500. A youth while carting sand from a pit at Shepparton was buried by a fall of earth, and death ensued before he could be released. The Commissioner of Customs has received an application from the residents of Echuca asking for the establishment of a shipping office there under the provisions of the Mer chant Shipping Act. They ask for this in consequence of the increase of business on the river. Mr. R. J. Proctor, in a reply received by the agents of the ship Sobraon, which in con ' sequence of the finding of an old case with the words, ' R. J. Proctor, ship Sobraon,' painted on it was supposed to have been wrecked on the south-eastern coast of South Australia, states that he left the case on board the ship, and unpacked it two days before arrival. He told the steward to take it away, and most likely it was pitched over board. Wheat is quoted at 5s, 3?,d. and flour at £11 2s. 6d. William Andrews, a boy, aged 11-, working at Edward Bros.' saddletree factory, at Col lingwood, got his right arm caught in some machinery, and before the works could be stopped the limb was cut off below the shoulder. The 'sufferer was taken to the hospital, where he lies in a very critical con dition. A meeting of the committee of the Mel bourne Hospital to further discuss the sani tary condition of the building, has been held. The medical superintendent reported that there were only two cases of erysipelas in the hospital. It was resolved that three tents for erysipelas patients should be ob tained from the Central Board of Health to be kept always on hand. A resolution was also come to that the medical staff should be instructed to send in weekly returns of ery. sipelas eases. The order for the new boilers for the war vessel Cerberus has been completed except in some minor details. By the bush fire which occurred at Bunyip the other day some considerable damage was done to the property of the Railway Depart ment. The damage is estimated at £500. Pilot Muns has been censured by the board for not reporting the collision between lie Athol and Brahmin immediately after the occurrence. The manager of the Comptoir d'Escompte, the bank which advanced considerable sums on bills of lading of goods recently taken possession of by the Customs authorities, has given a 'translation of the Chinese in voices to the pommissioner of Customs. These show deliberate falsification in every line. Sun Kum Lee is the principal con signee. A thorough examination is being made of the goods, which are valued at between £40,000 and £50,000. The Geelong regatta took place yesterday. The Janet won the first-class yacht raee, the Tanwayh was second, and the Minnehaha third. At a meeting of the Victorian Cricket Association held to-night, the 10th, Uth, and 13tb of March were fixed as the dates for the intercolonial matches between Victorian and ' South Australian teams. Mi-. W. H. Cooper was appointed to select a team. A great sensation was created here when, the intelligeiice became known of the extra- ! ordinary insurance fraud attempted on the Australian Mutual Provident and Australian Alliance Societies by Hicks and Barker. There is nothing new to report, as the societies interested are silent pending the result of the proceedings which have been instituted. The Premier has received a letter from Admiral Aslanbegoff thanking the Governor for the courtesy extended to himself and his officers during the stay of the Russian squadron at Port Phillip. The secretary of the commission from the Wine Association to the Bordeaux Exhibition leaves by the Mirzapore on Thursday, taking the remaining exhibits of Victorian wines with him. Melbourne, March L Mr. R. M. F. Murray, the Government geological surveyor advises the Government to sink for artesian wells on the plains from Donald to the Murray river. He has little doubt that if efforts are made to secure water in this way.they will be attended with success. Slight showers fell over parts of the colony on Sunday and Monday, but the rain did not last. In the northern districts great relief is being afforded to the inhabitants through the running of water trains. The trial of James William Thomson, late a land agent, on a charge of obtaining £1,000 by means of false pretences and secreting a title deed, which has occupied the attention of the Central Criminal Court for the last sis days, was brought to a conclusion to-day, the jury finding the prisoner guilty on the first count. He was remanded for sentence. The case of Mr. F. S. .Stephens, jun., who claimed£l,000damagesfrom the Board of Land and Works for injuries received at the late Jolimont railway accident, has been heard at the Supreme Court. The jury brought in a verdict for £550. The Crown again did not defend the case, and merely asked the jury to assess the damages. Messrs. Sutherland & Thompson have obtained a splendid cake of gold weighing 243 ounces, from 195 loads of stone taken 1 f 10m the Phoenix reef, Chinaman's Flat, near j Rushworth. This is the third lot of stone put through the mill during the last six months. The reef is three feet thick. Shaw's Eleven, with the Victorian con tingent of the Australian Eleven, left for Sydney to-day. Flour is quiet at from £11 to £11 2s. 6d. There has been an important rise in wheat since yesterday evening. At auction wheat opened to-day at os. G^d,, but later on 5s. Sd. was obtained. I The Government have decided to call for tenders for repairs to the Cerberus, and also to telegraph home to the Acting Agent-General to purchase four ST ordenf eldt guns, and six seven-inch broadside guns for the armament of the Nelson. The cost of the guns is estimated \ at £8,500. I The water famine is exhibiting an alarming increase in the country districts. The Treasurer reports that the revenue for February was very large. It amounted to £500,000, being- £52,000 over the receipts during the corresponding month last year. This increase is due irhieliy to the payments in respect of Customs and railways. Tue selectors' returns which have been paid in ex ceed the estimated returns by £207,003. During the last two months the revenue receipts have been about £1,635,000, which is at the rate of £0,'200,OGO per annum. The Treasurer has purchased £1;000 worth of Treasury bonds, and is in treaty for the balance, which still amounts to £2S5000. The Minister of Lands informed a depu tation to-day that the Government had determined to drain the Kooweerup swamp in South Gippsland. This swamp com prises 50,000 acres of land which, when drained, would be very valuable. The estimated cost of the drainage is £1- per acre. An offer was made to the Go vernment by a company of English capitalists for the purchase ot' the swamp at 'ios. per acre, the company undertaking to di-aiii it, : but the offer was not entertained. The following are the players from which a team is to be selected to represent Victoria in the forthcoming cricket match with South Australia :— Baker, Minchin, Rosser, Slight, Kelly, Coulthard, Logan, Moule, Groube, McShane, Scott, Trapp, Morris, Stokes, Turner, Lawler, G. MackaiL The betting on theV.R.C. Autumn Meeting is very languid. For the St. Leger 2 to 1 against Darebin is offered, and 4 to 1 against Commotion. For the Cup 100 to 9 is offered against Suwarrow and First Water, 100 to 6 against Wellington, Hesperian, and Royal Maid; 100 to 5 against Saunterer, 100 to 4 against Blue Ribbon. Kewmarket, 103 to o Surrey and Larpent, and 100 to 4 against Verdure, Venture, Ghost, and Tyropean. Romany, Merman, Baltic, Princess, and Alice have been scratched for the St. Leger. The Government contemplate the reorgani sation of the paid artillery corps on the same basis as that disbanded by the Berry Govern ment. If any necessity arises immediate steps will be taken for the formation of the corps, but if no urgent need occurs the Par liament will be first consulted. The Governor of the Melbourne gaol has been summoned by the health authorities for allowing offensive matter to flow from the gaol into open gutters. The Cabinet will deal shortly with the question of the cultivation of the wattle on an extensive scale, as their attention is being directed to the decrease in the number of those trees by the chairman of the tariff commission. The evidence of tanners taken at a meeting of the commission was to the effect that unless something is done the wattle will be exterminated here in a few years. 