Brown-street Congregational Church. A a:nv pleasant meeting was hold in the school on Wednesday evening, the deacons having invited all attending the Church to favour thorn with their presence at a social meoting; as the meeting was what it pro. fessed to be-social. No formal programme was gone through. After some time had been spent in enjoying an excellent tea, freely discussing passing events, or making and renewing friendships, several practical speeches were delivered on the Sunday School, the week evening and Sunday even ing services, Church psalmody, etc., Messrs. W. Laing, T. Brooks, J. Goodsir, A. Ashor, J. Croor, and others taking part. Advan. tage was taken of this gathering to present to Mr. John Wylie, who is leaving for Sydney, an illuminated address, ancom paniedwith a writing desk from the school, and ten volumes of Chambers' Encyclopedia from the Church. The duesk wasprosontoed by Mr. Wm, Laing, on behalf of the school; and the books from the Church, by the Pastor. Mr. Wylie had boon con nectod with the school for nearly seventeon years as scholar, teacher, seooretary, and pr.o tenm. superintendent The Church is also much indebted to Mr. John Wylio for valu able assistance. The address, of which the following is a copy, was very tastofully exocuoted at the lferldt oimooe, being printed in several colours in one working by the now process lately patouted by the pro. prietor I Ap ninnies To Mu. ,ToIIN Wt?rIE. " ]Du)A Simr,-As you are Iabout to remove from this oity to reside in Sydney, we fool the present to be a litting opportunity to 'xprlcs to you our regret at the loss our Sabbath School and Church will sustain; but, at the natao time, we congratullate you on your promotlon, and in having placed before you an enlarged sphere for useful. noes in the Church of Christ, and in those instltutions imiediately connootetd with the ClhritiLan Clhur'h. M any of u havoe known you from childhood, and have mariked with oouliderable interest your progrmsA through our Sabibath School is scholar, teacher, and ecuroi ary. "We thank you ionst, ineoroly for the very valuabloe servlce you have r,luhideidtI, our school J you have hoon un ollolient ofiloor; we aro largely indebted to you for the progress of our school In psanalody, and whenever necessary you have very cheer fully filled the office of our most esteemed superintendent. " As a memento of the high regard in which you are held in our School, your fellow teachers and officers request you to accept the accompanying writing desk, with the assurance that you will ever re main in their affectionate remembrance. I Your interest in all matters connected with our Church, and your zeal in carrying out whatever your fellow members requested, have often placed us under considerable obligation. In many departments' of our Church work your absence will be much re gretted. " Your friendly socialintercourse amongst the members of the Church'and congrega tion has been productive of much good. The efficiency of our Church choir and our progress in congregational singing have been greatly promoted by you. "To maintain the tie which is partly severed by personal absence, but which we feel may be sustained in the spirit, we ask you to accept the accompanying volumes as a mark of our confidence and esteem. We assure you that prayer shall often be pro sented on your behalf to our Heavenly Father, that in His love, and in the grace of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, and in the communion of the Holy Ghost, you may be preserved faithful unto the end. " Signed, on behalf of the Sabbath School, "WILLIAM LAINO, Superintendent. "Signed, on behalf of the Church, C". . S. Y. Piucs,.Pastor." Newcastle, Feb. 8th 1882. 