MYRITLE MM MURTBtY'B LOVE. " IBfYnTrr, dear ?" ".Yos, George, what is it? ". roplied the girl, glancing shyly upward. The radiant glory of a summer moon. shone down upon the earth this June night, bathiig in all its ioellow splendour the leafy branches of the sturdy old oaks that had for centuries shaded the entrance to Castle Mo Murtry, and laughed defiance to the florbo gales that every winter came howling down in all their: cruel force and fury from the moorlands lyingto thoweostward of the castle. . On the 'edge of the broad demesne that stretched away to the south stood a lirgo brinidle cow, and as the moonlight 'floked with silvery lustre her star-board ribs she seemed to Myrtle a perfect picture of sweet content and almost holy calm, " Is it not a beautiful night, dearest ? " mtirmured the girl. '" Seo how the moon beams flutter down through the trees, making strange lights and shadows that flit among the shrubs and' flowers in such a weird, ghost-like fashion. The dell is indeed clothed in lovoliness to-night,' sweetheart." "Yes," 'said George W. Simpson, " this is the boss doll.", And than, looking down into the pure, innocent face'that was lifted to his, he took in his own broad, third-base palm the little hand that erstwhile held up Myrtle's polonaise. As they stood there silently in'the bosky glade George passed his arm silently but firmly around Myrtlo's waiit. ' 'The noble girl did not shy; " Do' yo love me, sweetheart ? " he asked in accents that were" tremulous with tromiulousness. Myrtle's ho'iad was driopiing now,'and the rosy blushes of Oalumot Avenueo innocence weoroe hasingoeaoh other across her peachy chlooks. Geoorge'drew her inoir closely to hiui. If' a mosquito had tried to pass betwoon them' then it would have booen bad-for the mosquito. " Can you' doubt mi', darling? " he whispered, '" You surely must know that I love you witha?'& ild, passionatoe,'ivhoa Enuma love, that can never die. Do you niot love moe a little ini eturn ? " For' an instant the girl 'did nlot sioealrk George heard the whiskling of the brindle cow's tail break in rudoly upon the solemn stillness of the night, and ever aild anon naine the dull thundof the bullfrog as he jumped into a neighbouring pond, Presently Myrtle placed her arms around his nook, and with a wistful, baby's-got-the-cramp look in her sweet face, she said to him : " I love you,Gecorgo, with a deathless devotion that will eventually keep you broke." And with these fateful words she adjusted her rumpled bang' and fearlessly led the way to an ice-oream lair.-From How Suckeors Bite ini'hicago, by Joseph Medill, the Chicago Tribune novelist. 