OCCASIONAL TRAVEL. NOTES IN, AUSTRALASIA. j BY ARCHIBALD FOR IBES. The authorities are divided to-day as to the locale of I Solomon's land of Ophir; but, depend on it, the I speculators and the investors of the period know its I whereabouts well enough. "Lost "is that camp!" as ! Bret Harte writes in his beautiful requiem on Dickens, I . but the name and fame of its auriferous wealth will be ! proverbial until the latest generations, Who has not heard of the " Great Bonanza." mine that has made the quartette who originally synod it among the wealthiest men in the world ? And who has not heard that wonderfully productive milch cow, the great " Burra Burra'' copper mine of South Australia? It was one of the household words of my boyhood, force had a friend who for once had shaken clear of his caution, and put a trifle into this faraway antipodean invest- ment. He astonished the country with a new gig, and explained with a Burloigii-liUo nod, that the new gig came out of a hole in the ground somewhere in Australia. We boys used to Ira ve fabulous conceptions concerning that wonderful hole, for it yielded new bonnets and silk dresses fortune and daughters, then a carriage in place of the gig,(ancLby-.nid-bye, a suburban "fell" on which prove a substantial mansion. Greenhouses came out of it, and port wine, and tips to youngsters home for the holidays, for our friend who had made aueco.s-.f_l love to the fairy of the Burra Burra was a generous-hearted man, and AIMS free with the wealth that' had come to him so lightly v. I had not heard of the Burra Burra for some years, when one evening, some 15 years ago, I happened to hear Mr. Robert Lowe (now" Lord Sher- brooke) casually ron,arjpthat he had never got 60 much out of so little us he had done out of the -Burra Burra mine. It may be questioned, when one thinks of the marvellous enhancement in value of Sydney Town land-, ' bought by his lordship is thoroughly sleepy d.ay and held resolutely until now, whether he would enable the farmer remark to-day. Alas for the preiarioasceas of human enterprises! The Burra Burra yields no more gigs and news bonnets. It shut down ' five- years ago, and the triumphant shout of the Burra oïiarsholdor no longer houses the echoes. But its, glories are not forgotten in She land which it was went to enrich. The stranger, as', he ap 'reaching it by rail, finds no lack of fellow-travellers glad to gossip over the good old times, "see that track on the grass, sir? That was the road they bullock drays took that cried too Burra ore down to Port Adelaide." " Why, the distance is 100 miles! Could such cartage pay V" "Pay! Burra copper would have paid in those days if it had been carted 200 instead of 100 miles! It was all profit, sir. The company didn't know what to do with its earnings, they came so fast and so sure. In six years 80,000 tons. of ore want down that track in the bullock-drays. TboiroadRtwere alive with the traffic. Why, air, when the colony was at its last gasp in the bad times of 42, it was the Burra Burra that saved it 'from abandonment." I go and look at it," saidionoimsuto me " every time I pass that way-the feeling. is something like visiting the grave of one's mother," Not exactly prepared to contemplate it from this^ontitrtental point of view, I nevertheless would not let slip the opportunity of visiting the grand old mine. The Burra Burra made not one, but several town- I ships, which grow- with its prosperity, and still exist, j eloquent monuments thereof. There are, I think, seven townships in all on the slopes of short grass and in the valleys that surround the hill whose bowels used to nurture them. Each has a distinctive name but all are dumped under the common name of " the Burra." Curiously, although the minhas been dead-orperhnpsi one would rather say in a state of suspended anima-. tion for five years, the townships are prospering, or at, least do not exhibit token-., of Suffering. Mostly when a mine gives out," the population that it gathered] abandons the vicinity without much delay. All over the Western States of America you will chance on a j school of broken bottles and battered sardine tins, hard by a rusting engine and a debris of massive iron j castings. No human life is near the place, but if you look at the map you will learn that to this forlorn also a belongs some high- sounding name, such as " Empire City " of *' El Dorado." El Dorado " fizzled out," and the minors, such of them as survived the frequent, " difficulties " of the days when the place was " boom- i ring,'" and when whisky and shooting danced a wild ¡ fandango together, have gone elsewhere. But the villages that the wealth of the Burra Burra begot still j remain. They are very quiet. One thinks as one, looks at them of Barbarossa and his knights asleep ! with their heads on the big table, through which their beards have grown, and of the King ever and anon lifting his head and asking "Is it yet timor" The j silence of the Burra Burra machinery is the answer, and the head goes down on the table again, but there is no abandonment of hope. The rise in the price of copper that has begun and seems likely to grow, may raise every Burra head from the table with a glad energy. Meanwhile the people wait. Some of them are old employees, who had saved money in the good times, and have not cared to flit, but live on here on a moderate competence. The working miners keep their wives and families in the cottages, while they are earn- ing the livelihood by working on stations or as navvies j and roadmakers. And the townships are the centre of a good agricultural district, so that they maintain some prosperity. The price of land is actually on the increase and thus it happens that the Burra Burra still pays an occasional dividend, not us a mining, but as a land-owning concern. I followed the footpath up the hill from the township of Kooringa. Winding round a huge mound of waste, I came into full view of the forlorn scene. It was strangely saddening. In the murmur of the wind through the trestle work there seemed an undertone of ] Availing remonstrance, at the inactivity. No wrock wast apparent, everything stood as if abandoned in some sudden panic, and as if ready to awaken into activity when the panic-stricken should regain heart and come back again. There stood the trollies on the tramways, some full of ore, others half full, others empty, as if the gang; at work had decamped at a sudden Signal, without waiting to finish their shift. in the coal yard stood a mighty pile of coal, caused when the knell had sounded Around ITS' Avert engines shafts, tramways, water reservoirs, serving Hoare, quarry hole. Over against me-, as I stood on the grass-grown tip, in. the row of neat cottage., wherein were went to live the captains of the 'disaster .' grass captains," the "drive captains' the " face captains," of.., and so on. At my feet was a large pool of vein water, filling a hole whence the ore had been simply quarried, no building stone is quarries, no mining.; boating needed. Work that had CGH £°.r\u00 well within sight, and all effort, useless, and curiously pathetic ! Was there no life at all about the place save the sheep that were nibUisg the scanty grass growing about the edges of the cuttings? Finally I discerned a lone man, who seemed very shy, for he laboured under cover, of walls and behind buildings. Ilim moved on with stern per- tinacity, not truculently, indeed, for I respected the feeling that made him secretive of himself, but overmastered by my hunger to know. He was so difficult to approach that I begin to think I had seen the ghost of some once happy shareholder haunting the dry fountain of the dividends that had once poured on him in a golden shower ; but at length I ran against him. He was the last rose of the great Burra Burra summer, llowastbo bookkeeper and accountant of the concern, left in charge " to exercise a general supervision " now that there were no books to keep or accounts to be worked out. All his blooming companion in the shape of overseers, and captains, and other functionaries, had faded and gone ; he alone remained. Still before his eyes danced the copper will-o'-the-wisp. The scene around him that saddened me, only stimulated him. I con- doled with him. He repudiated my sympathy, and was prouder of the departed glories than sorrowful because they had gone. " Tea," said he, " we had to close down, but look what she did before that happened. She gave me four millions sterling worth of copper, and she paid away nearly £800,000 in dividends. If you had held one of the original £5 shares she'd have yielded you a return of more than 120. Oh, y03,1 am sorry for her, but I am prouder of her than sorry for her!" And what do you think he was" doing ? I suppose when Marius sat among the ruins of Carthage, he twiddled his thumbs; anyhow we don',. WAND of liip.ni-ikinp: jay effort swayed. reconstruction. But this Marius of the Burra was purposely at work. To be sure it was in a small way ; when one looked up at the old colossal's doings it seemed indeed a pitiful small way ; but it was something. His ; love, the mine, was in a mesmeric trance. He did not know the grand secret whereby the spell might be shattered, but he would do his honest loyal bat by ! tickling her toes. He was standing by the mouth of a little shaft in the bottom of which two men were working. He nourished the hope that so he would strike ! same vein that would pay for working. The face of his love was very sombre ; he could not see his way to change the melancholy into sunshine; but he was! striving to kindle the flicker of a smile in a corner of her mouth. He led me reverently into the counting- house, and showed me, with I think a Hille quiver of the Jap, the desk at which wages to the amount of £3000 a week had been paid away ; he hurried me past the great safe, whose doors were standing wide open, ! there being nothing to conserve and on the wall of an inner room with awoke his accents, he showed me the great chart of the underground workings. .' There are 25 miles of galleries and drives " said he, in the tone I poor Miss Nursery Governess race when she tells you I her father was once Lord Mayor of London. Then ; he showed me on the plan the various affair?, '? each named after a prominent proprietor, the " Mor- ! peth " shaft, the" Hicks" shaft, the "Ayrca" shaft, j us if those worthies need no other monuments, And finally, he escorted me to the great engine, which j used to keep the mice dry, a beautiful piece of work unquestionably, of which he was very proud. "If you only saw her working ! " he said, with a sigh. But she " had not been working for five years, worse luck. JIB was taking care of her, though, in this forced inaction, as if she had been the apple of his eye. He had painted, and gummed, and greased, and rosined her, i so that her joints should not get rusty. He had put bandages on her legs, so to speak and heaped on the body clothing, and put a head on her head, so that she take no harm when standing still, and be ready to run again when the time should come. As we parted he murmured some sotto voce aspiration as to '. British capital, a subject which I did not pursue. I want to see no British capital in the redevelopment of the Burra Burra, if that should over occur. There is plenty of money for such a purpose among the local experts ; if they see their way they are not the men to hold back, j If they can't see their way, of this I am sure, that the road will be a great deal darker for the British capitalist. I should be loth to see the colonies got a bad name at home, as sink holes for British capital. For long it was a saying in South Australia that there was " only one Burra in the colony." But this saying is dead and buried long ago since the Wallaroo, in 1863, and a year or two later the Moonta, began their wonderful careers, which they still maintain, although they are not quite so wonderful just at present as they have been. Until lately the Wallaroo was a private concern, and I have not learned the sum of its yield and earnings. It was not a success from the first ; it cost, indeed, £80,000 of expenditure before it began to pay, and there was a crisis in its early fortunes when a feather in the scale might have cut off the supplies that fed its development. But it speedily turned the corner, and vast profits have come out of it. As for the Moonta, it paid from the first. The trivial capital that bought the land and machinery was replaced out of the first earnings, and remains intact and the mine in its life of some 20 years has paid close on a million sterling in dividends. The late Mr. Delane, the editor of the Times, was a shareholder in the Wallaroo in its host days. Both the Moonta and Wallaroo stand more favourably than does the Burra in regard to facilities for transport. They are within a few miles of water carriage, and are connected with Port Wallaroo by tramways. At Wallaroo, close to the sea, there are smelting works on a large scale. A fleet of sailing colliers carry coals for these works round from Newcastle, and carry back or to other smelting works there under the same ownership. The Verulam, one of these colliers, which I went on board of at Wallaroo, was not long ago the favourite "liner" of South Australia, between Adelaide and London. Lack of cheap transport, and the lowness in price of copper, retard the development of very rich copper mine which leave been proven to exist in remoter regions of South Australia. If copper keeps rising, " the Blinman " will be a word the sound of which may reach your distance ere long. Assuming that a man had the wings of a dove and I could ly away, it would be interesting to know on what spot of this continent he could alight without being immediately confronted with " the land question." These were the three words a gentleman of your own capital muttered as he was preparing me for the honour of being introduced to Sir John Robertson; they fill the air in Victoria more than does the Mol bournowlust when a strong wind is blowing and the South Australian Legislatures has been hammering away at a Land Bill all through its present session. New South Wales, as well as Victoria, has been graced by the presence of Mr. John White, of Quorn, who poses as a delegate from the farmers of South Australia and a few sentences on the condition of the latter-as that condition appears to me after careful, i and assuredly unprejudiced, examination may not be wholly devoid of interest. Agriculturally, South Australia is divided into distinct sections by what is known as " Goyder's line." This line was traced by an able | and painstaking Government official. On one side of it is the region where the rainfall and other conditions are such as to afford some reasonable certainty that the farmer who puts seed wheat into the ground will reap a fair wheat crop ; the territory on the other side of the line has so precarious a rainfall that the man who fills it plays at pitch-and-toss with fortune for a crop. I think that on the good side of " Goyder's line " the South Australian farmer is fairly prosperous. He has a good deal to loam, it is true. He is too monotonous with his everlasting wheat, is not fully alive to the advantages of manures, and lacks the versatility of the Belgian or the American in discerning the advantages of diversified cultivation. Perhaps he would not hurt if he ploughed a little deeper and thought more of odd corners, and gave some additional attention to the grading up of his stock. But i he gets along well enough, and, taking one year with the other, is probably before the times. Until quite recent times all the northern areas-all the country on the wrong side of " Goyder's line was hold by the squatters. There was a keen demand for land on the part of farmers and intending farmers-a demand that Government saw no reason why it should not gratify. As fast as land could be surveyed it was eagerly taken up. Given only the reasonable assurance that crops would grow this development seemed a good thing all round. It was good for the colony as a colony. It was good for the Government, whose duty was the furtherance of the colony, and who could sell the land and use the proceeds for the public behoof. These proceeds it in the meantime anticipated by borrowing money for the construction of railroads stretching out into the nose regions, so as to give the newcomers facilities of communication and the means of sending their produce to either. he was, always on the assump- tion Ihavb noted, good for the farmer who honestly and enterprisingly wanted to better himself, and thought he DEAR his way in the iiewly-opi-ing regions. Everybody metal. wall, and received that well should I come of enterprise, which, is successful, would advan l tage the colony and strengthen the ranks of that line ! sturdy farmer-yeomanry who are so prominent and j pleasant a feature of South Australian population. 1 The holdings were each to be Ulu acres. The upset J price was to be £1 an acre, tim tale to be by auction, i which gave scope for competition. On the fall of the hammer 10 per cent, to be paid down, which, however, was not to go toward payment of purchase money, but ! to form interest thereon for three years-, At the end of three years another 10 per room., to lost interest for three years longer, leaving to he paid the whole purchase money at the end of six years. In other wet day the tenant was to pay a rental or six per cent, of the free ! simple value, and save besides as much as would enable : him at the end of the sixth year to pay off the whole of that fee-simple price. I venture to regard this as; a ? dangerous experiment on weak human nature. Six I yours seems a long time, and saving is often really ! cruelly hard. The American and Canadian plan is simpler. There the purchaser pays a percentage on taking possession, and subsequent instalments as quickly as he pleases; but every cent, goes to cut down the purchase money until it shall have finally dUap ' spouted. The South Australian legislature have now recognised the expediency of adopting this principle, ; and the farmer in future will pay 5 per cent, per a annum, which will be interest or rent under another I name, but will form a deduction from the ioc shape value that looms before him. This is something of a relief. .Sbfgfoxjaw* touted Jig-saw- intertown. is -very offers, or came to the auction rooms. The list of land is a strange engrossing weakness, and has made fools of more men in the world's history than perhaps any other passion except the love, of women. Competition conducted under the auspices of whisky and land greed is apt to become reckless ; the day of payment was a long way down the vista and the honest fellows " made out " sturdily. What if they had bought a few shillings too dear? One year's yield, it God gave a good season, would put all straight. I fancy there was not too much capital among the farmers. One plan would have been properly to take up and till a small section of the purchased holding for the first year. But if the area killed were small, and it should prove a good year, how small would be the results ! How' grand would they be if a great area were under tillage ! So they scratched 10 acres where they should have ploughed one, and waited for the results that would put them in front of the world. But there were no roads to speak of. The condition of a great part of the new region in regard to wheat growing is this, that the exception is not a crownless year, but a cropful year. Well, there had been expenditure for seed wheat that had not been recouped, there had been the expenses, of cultivating, of the compulsory fencing, of living, and of doing something in the way of building. The little capital wanted. But still there was hope. Next year might be kinder. But next year was crueller. Things have gone on, with occasional little breaks in the cloud in the shape of something that, by a stretch of language, might be called a harvest, till, is the poorer region., there is something like a virtual general bankruptcy, if bankruptcy means that people don't pay because they can't. Government don't get their second instalment of interest with that punctuality that might be hoped for. When they get the pnreluise-inor.oy, or an ideal ment of it, it is too often because, with the Minister's consent, the farmer has had recourse to the money lender, and so gone a plunge deeper into the mire, The -merchants are between the alternatives of either losing their custom or submitting to book debts, which must take their sleep restless. One large storekeeper told me that he has £18,000 on his books, which he regards as money sunk in the acquisition and maintenance purely a precarious maintenance of his present business. But the sum grows BO ominously that it threatens to crowd him out of his working capital. " Pay after the harvest " is the formula of the customer. It is an honest follow, sod paya if there be any harvest-, but there is never more harvest than suffices to pay off the floating debt, are to speak, of the past season never enough to liquidate any of what may be called the funded indebtedness that has gone into the ledger, and when there is no harvest, which is oftener the ens,, than not, the floating debt goes to swell the funded debt, and a new floating credit is opened, to take the chance once more of " after the harvest." This cannot last. It is natural Hut earnest well-in mentioned men should be loath to own that the game is one at which nobody can win in the long-run. No more hold their tongues, and grin and bear in the hope of a turn. This year, for instance, is rekindling hope and in the hope, too, that by discreet silence there may come the chance of " getting out " without a cruel sacrifice. Others follow Mr. John White's lead, and try to force the hand of the Government by threats of decamping bag and baggage. ' I wish to Heaven John "White were right-that there are a thousand or more South Australian farmers worth from £500 to £1000, whom he aspects to follow him out of their prefect hard case. They would not follow him, depend on it, if they had the means he saggers of, because for the most part, if they had they would have made it where they are and, if this were so, they would be well content; to sit still astride of so rich a gutter. But there are few such modest competence, I fear, among the farmers who have taken up land in the new country. Of a great many of them, I fear, it is but too true that they would fain go, but for the quagmire debt in which they are laired. Of COUKO there are large cases in this agricultural quasi desert. There are rich "pockets" among the bud stuff. About Quorn, for instance, where Mr, White resides when he stays at home, instead of straggling blatantly into the adjacent colonies, and grazing swaggering nonsense, there is a great wealth of fine, rich, deep land, that can stand up against a drought which means simple ruin to poorer regions. But the truth is that the poorer regions are taken up equally with the richer portion, There is country staggering under a present rental of 3½ percent, of the purchase money, with that purchase money to the tune of from 30s. to 14 10s. an acre looming in the future, which would not haworth having as agricultural holding, were it given for nothing, and the bribe i of free rations in perpetuity to induce the tiller to take to it. The collapse may be postponed, such a year as the present will postpone but cannot avert it, and what form will the collapse take? Will the Government after long suffering finally sequestrate unpaid for land, in the hope of reselling it, or will they let the farmer alone to make the best of it without dunning him any more for what he obviously will be unable to pay - In either event, I think it inevitable that a large proportion of the land recently taken up for agricultural purposes will go out of cultivation, and revert to that calm philosopher, the squatter. He may buy them out of hand from the Government trying to resell them at the standard price of £1 an acre after a series of for- feitures. He will do this if he is a hasty impulsive man anxious to round off his run neatly, and got rid of selection for the future. But if he can hide his time I think the land will come back to him on the old leasehold tenure, at a rental which he can afford to pay, Before it shall have come to this, one grieves to ponder on how many ardent aspirations shall have been brought to nought ; how much honest, loyal, manly endeavour thwarted by untoward conditions; how much hard-earned money sunk in the endeavour to square blood out of a stone ! " Wool v. wheat " in the cause celebre, as I take it, of a good many Australian tribunals. The prosecution of this law suit is singularly keen in Victoria, where one finds large estates under sheep-fed grass, whose acres would command a high price for agricultural purposes. There are some notable instances in which, in South Australia, king wool holds his own with dogged sturdiness against king wheat. An estate illustrating this with great force I visited the other day. Bungaree is close on 100,000 acres in size ; it is freehold every foot of it, having been bought in the opening of the land selling ora by its present owner, at about Lids an acre all round. It is a most beautiful and stately property, lying in the very heart of the best agricultural region of the "areas." It comprises one broad valley and several minor ones). Such a property would make its owner a person in the old country Australia being untroubled by fi.obbb.'y, the owner of Bungaree is an unostentatious gentleman, who, when circumstances permit, is to be found in his place in 1 Filament attending to go in for its of his constituents. If I were he, I own I should leave constituents to their own devices, and be a country gentleman all the year round. The mansion house lies in the midst of well kept gardens, from which. the' " home part " slopes and in green folds studded with clumps of ornamental trees. There used i to be ariCPC3Ui.su on Bungaree then are still train- ing stables, hunting stable:., and greyhound kennels. The Bungaree Kiics ace famed for their stoutness. So complete is the place in all respects that it has on its own church, winter service is performed weekly by a clergyman from Olmo, subsidised by the owner of the estate. The holding is divided into paddocks which are all well watered, and good roads afford access on wheels everywhere. To day, this expense of graBh Had, lying here in the midst of a re? ion our which the plough his-, way, is valuable- for agricultural purposes, at an average proof of £0 per acre. My ! mouth watered, Town when I learnt this. AA that an increment in those IJW years from £l'2..,0eiO to i.ij-0O,0i.0! What a glorious return on the former investment would be the latter itself. " Of ' course! you are thinking of realizing ? " was my question. "Why should I realized" was the calm response. "Can you tell where I am to invest a ;0J,<>')0 at 7 per caul, where thieves may not break through and steal f Can you counsel me to shoulder the responsibility of a financier instead of the sweet simplicity of the sheep- farmers before What is the drawing of a dividend, even should it be cent, per cent., compared with the pleasure of knowing that the Empires issue readers theatre's.' long-woolled avail e at the last Melbourne sales"'" The argument was granted all round. Bu_igar,<> view a better mvestino'.l, loan would be the, A acid from its , selling price. It was a pleasanter possession than a ! big ready-money capital, You cannot feed long ' woolled rams on banknotes, nor would a flock of stud I ewes thrive depastured on (sovereigns ! Vacuum cannot ; in iiüDsrtíil.maa. AVAIL, cannot amaze to. be either- a capitalist or a freehold squatter, I give my vote in favour of the latter's life, especially when wool is high I and water plentiful. Competition is an excellent thing. It is often good for the competitors, and always for the public. But when you have a monopoly and deliberately set about j to compete with yourself, I fail to see exactly where I the advantage to you comes in, This, never- j hotels is the most rational feature of the railway policy of the South Australian Government, and in a great measure of the general public ' works policy. It runs a railway northward from Adel hide, which would pay exceedingly well if it drained ! the produce of the region it traverses down to the point ' of embarkation at Port Adelaide. To contribute to this result it constructs lateral feeders. These ports Government improves by dredging and jetty construction, and then it taps them with its lateral feeders to the main inland railway line. So there are the alternatives that the railways are hurting the ports and that the porte are hurting the railways. It is very generously giving railway facilities ; so generous indeed that it will construct two lines to compete for the produce of the same area. One of these feeders will carry the produce either to the main line, as for instance the Blyth uno foods the main line at Hamley Bridge, or to a port, as, for example, Port Wakefield, while the other will lure that produce away to the seaboard, as does the Snowtown branch, commencing within sight of Blyth, and ending on the jetty at Wallaroo. But South Australia's efforts to be good to what produce may come to it down the Murray affords perhaps the most remarkable example of this anxiety to set one of its enterprises to compete with the other. In furtherance of the protect of tapping the Murray traffic and carrying it down to Port Adelaide, a special line was built from Roseworthy to the north-west bend" at Morgan, a distance of perhaps some 50 miles. But to afford that Murray-borne traffic a pleasing variety of alternative at the expense of the colony, there is a tramway from Goolwa inside the Murray mouth to Victor Harbour on the ocean outside that mouth, and large sums have been spent in the improvement of Victor Harbour. Farther, there is the scheme which doubtless some day will be carried out of giving a communication between Goolwa and the ocean by means of a canal through the sand heaps that cumber the month of the Murray, and yet again a railway line is being discussed, with every assurance of being sanctioned, which will tap the Murray at a point intermediate between Morgan and Victor Harbour. But this is not all. Yet a fifth wheel to the coach is in contemplation in the shape of a railway along the Murray bank all the way to the New South Wales border below Wentworth. I am only afraid lest I the Riverina traffic got so bewildered by all this can barras de richesses that it may choose a path less strewn with fewer competitive complications. One of the most beautiful, and, for the present, the most inaccessible regions of South Australia, is the extreme south-east, down by the Victorian border. Divided as it is from the country west of the Murray by a defeat of great breadth and sternness, this region, physically speaking, might well belong to Victoria rather than to South Australia, But it has no feeling of this character, being South Australian to the core in sympathy and characteristics. Although the Melbourne Arpies reaches Mount Gambier a day sooner than do the Adelaide journals, Mount Gambier will give implicit credence to no -4r<7tts news until it has been confirmed by the Advertiser or Ilsgiitrr of its own capital. This corner of South Australia regards Victoria as a thing of obloquy because of the, bad roads, or rather no roads, that colony persisted in in proximity to the frontier, as a feeder to the South Australian railway lines that touch the sea at Kingston and Beachport respectively, and as a territory whose protective tariff affords eligible opportunities for the lucrative prosecution of smuggling'. "I wish to goodness said to me a storekeeper of the South Australian border, I know of a good market for jewellery in Victoria, I could smuggle it across by the buggy load." I have serious thoughts of setting up as a jeweller in Melbourne Then I might get Mr. Berry as a customer. What joy to sell smuggled goods to the arch perpetrators of protection ! 