POETRY. THE SAY OF SEVEN ISLANDS. The skipper sailed out of the harbour mouth, Leaving the. apple-bloom of the South For the ice of the Eastern seas, In his fishing schooner Breeze. Handsome and brave and young was he, N And the maidens of Newbury sighed to see His lessening white sail fall » Under the sea's blue wall. Through the Northern Gulf and the misty screen Of the iBles of Mingin and Madeleine, 8t. Paul'B and Blanc Sablon, The little Breeze sailed on ; Backward and forward along the shore Of wild and desolate Labrador, And found at last her way To the Seven Islands Bay. The little hamlet, nestling below Great hills white with lingering snow, With its tin-roofed chapel stood Half hid in the dwarf spruce wood ; Green-turfed, flower-sown, the last outpost ' Of summer upon the dreary coast, With its gardens small and spare, Sad in the froBty air. Hard by where the skipper's schooner lay, A fisherman's cottage looked away Over isle and bay, and behind On mountains dun-defined. And there twin sisters, fair and young, Laughed with their stranger guet-t. and Bung In their native tongue the lrfys Of the old Provensai days. Alike were they, save the faint outline Of a scar on Suzette's forehead fine ; And both, it so befell, Loved the heretic stranger well. Both were pleasant to look upon," Bat the heart o! the skipper elave to one ; Thongh less by bis eye than heart He knew the twain apart. Despite of alien race and creed, Well did his wooing of Marguerite speed; And the mother's wrath was vain As the sister's jealous pain. The shrill-tongued mistress her house forbade, And solemn warning was sternly said By the black- robed-priest, whose word, As law the hamlet heard. » But half by voice and half by signs The skipper said, " A warm spn shines On the green-banked Merrimac; Wait, watch, till I come back. 11 And when you see, from my mast- head, The signal fly of a kerchief red; My boat on the shore Bhfll wait; Come, when the night is late." Ah 1 weighed with childhood's haunts and friends, and all that the home sky overbends, Did ever young love fail To turn the trembling scale ? Under the night, on the wet sea sands Slowly nnr.ln.BpBd their plighted hands : One to the cottage hearth, And one to Mb sailor's berth. What was it the parting lovers heard ? Nor leaf, nor ripple, nor wing of bird, But a listener's Btealthy tread On the rock-moss qrisp and dead. He weighed his anchor, and fished once more By the black coast-line of Labrador ; And by love and the north wind driven, Sailed back to the Islands Seven. In the sunset's glow the sisters twain Saw the Breeze come sailing in again. Said Suzette,'1 Mother jdear, The heretic's sail is here." " Go, Marguerite, to your room andhMe ; Your door shall be bolted I" the moths cried : While Suzette, ill at eaBe, Watched the red sign of the Breeze. At midnight, down to the waiting skiff She stole in the shadow of the cliff; And out of the Bay's mouth i an The schooner with maid and man. And all night long, on a restless bed,' Her prayers to the Virgin Marguerite said ; And thought of her lover's pain Waiting for her in vain. Did he pace the sands ? Did he pause to hear The sound of her light Btep drawing near ? And, as the slow hours passed, Would he doubt her faith at last? But when she saw, through the misty pane, The morning break on a sea of rain, Could even her love avail To follow his vanished sail? Meantime the Breeze, with favouring wind, Left the rugged Moisic hills behind, And heard from an unseen shore The falls of Manitou roar. On the morrow's morn, in the thiek, grey weather, They sat on "the reeling deck together, Lover and counterfeit Of hapless Marguerite. With a lover's hand, from her forehead fair . He smoothed away her jet-black hair. What was it his fond eyes met ? The scar of the false Suzette l Fiercely he shouted : " Bear away East by north for Seven Isles Bay 1" The maiden wept and prayed, Bat the ship her helm obeyed. Onee more the Bay of Isles toey found ; Thev heard the bell of the chapel sound, \ And the' ehant of the dying sung 1 In the harsh, wild Indian tongue. A feeling of mystery, change, and awe Wm M all they heard and aU they saw. Spell-bonnd the hamlet lay In the hush of its lonely bay. And when they came to the cottage door. The Sothor row up from her weeping sore. And with angry gestures met The soared look of Suzette. Here is your daughter," toe skipper saldf 11 Give me the one.I love instead. But the woman Btemly spake : « Go, see If toe dead wOl wakel He looked. Her weet face stolandufrite And strange in the noonday toper light, She layon her little bed, . ? With the cross at her feet and head. In a passion of grief toe strong yn bent Down to her face, and, hissing it, went Back to toe waiting Breeze, Back to toe mournful seas. Never again to toe Merrimac . And Newbury's homes that bark came pack. Whether her fate die met On the shores of Carraquette, Miscou, or Tracadie, who can say ? Bat even yet at Seven Isles Bay Is told the ghostly tale Of a weird, nnspoken sail, In the pale, sad light of the Northern day Seen by the blanketed Montagnais, Or squaw, in her smaU kyack, Crossing the spectre's track. On the deck a maiden wrings her hands ; Her likeness kneels on the grey coast sands: One in her wild-despair, And one in toe trance of prayer. She flits before no earthly blast, With the Ted sign fluttering from her mast, Over the solemn seas, The ghost of the schooner Breeze. —J. G. Whittebr, in the " Atlantic" for February. 