THROUGH DEEP WATERS. By the Author of " A Stkangjs Ajoyaa. iisiiMwr," [Published by special arrangement with tlia author. Ail rights reserireU.] Chapter VII. "There goes Agnes de Clifford; look, Spcncer or she'll be gone!" said Lord Charles Mervyn, pointing witli his cane (as he leaned on the railing of Rotten llow) towards the crowd of spectators at ipsley Gate. " Hf .Jove! what a beauty that girl is—d'ye sea her ?" "I sec a glimpse of her horse and a wave of hor habit," said Spencer languidly, "but she'll be back in a minute or two,"and I'll wait for her. Who's that with her?" "Sir Selwyn Grant-l(,aulLner—an old friend of the family—an old beau, too—tried to come the young rather," replied Lord Charles, "but I don't think he manages it oraehow ; he was on the Kow with la beUa he day before yesterday—he seems to daucu t ttendance on her." "My dear follow," said Spencer, laughing, ' you don't mean to suspect him of any 'iu entions ;5 why the child is only seventeen, nd he " " Hard on fifty I should suppose," said Lord Charles, coolly;'' pooh! Spencer why not ? you. must know that tiiose old fellows often fancy young things, and that girl might turn this head of an old ghost of seventy." "You're getting quite sentimental about her," observed Spencer, "do you want fco enter the lists of her admirers ?" " Why shouldn't I'! I've as good a chaaes as any, I expect." "Bm! veil, but you're a heretic, you know —and these Cliffords are good Catholic." • "I'd turn anything you like, for that matter, " said Lord Charles ; "but the girl doesn't give rae much chance ; I declare she won't let you talk nonettse. Here she comes again! who's" that they have met—the bow of the anoim regime, and none other—" "A left-handed member ofifcF'said Spaa cer with a half laugh. *{ Put up your glass, Charlie, and you'lkee who it is—Cambaceres." "Ah!" said the other quickly, as he raised his glass, so it is, by Jove! a dangerous fellow that! "What a splendid looking man he is, and sits his horse like a Pampa ladiau." "Adangerous fellow," repeated Spenser, deliberately, "aye ; what if he entered the lists "He?" said Lord Charles, flashing slightly, "(Spencer, lie lias never been known to pay attentions to any woman yet; and more tte that, he is credited with k-ading a spotless life—you may sneer, hut £ never heard any other tale of him—and that from men wbu would see snots in tac sun if they couifi. That fellow, I believe, is as proudas we are, and he wouldn't risk a refusal which he wo aid he sure to get. The CIiiiord3 are as proud as Lucifcr; they would not forgive base blood evert in a man of such note as that." '• Hearts are stronger than pride some times, " said Spencer, who was a Liberal in. •politics, and disposed to be philosophical. •• I?or my own part I think it would be ridiculous to keep up ench notions in this day, even with a man of West Indian birth. Why, there isn't a fellow here that can hold -a candle to Cambaceres, He has made his own name—a name that will live when such, a; you and I, my dear Charlie, are forgotten. I can tell you if he fell in love wish my sister, I'd have the courage of my convictions, and give her to him gladly." w " I hope he may then,said Lord Chariest rather dryly, '"it would be a just reward for your Heroics. Now quit them for a minute and feast j our eyes.'' The three riders were passing at tha mom sr.t—for Colo de Cambaceres had wheeled his horse and joined them—aad every head was turned to look after the painter and Agnes de Clifford; the former was talking;, the latter listening, but catching sight of. Lord Charles Mervyn she bowed with liar bright, sunny smile, and she turned to answer a question of Sir Sclwyn Grant-Faulkner, probably concerning the person whom she had honored with a recognition. "Happy fellow to obtain a salute from dive.," said Spencer, looking after the ridera. '■ 1 shall certainly seekan introduction to her; can't you manage it, Charlb ! " " It you'll promise to leave the road clear, '* said'Lcrd Charles, " unless, " with half a sneer, " you don't think I've a chance agaiewt; the West Indian." <-You certainly wouldn't have if the' West lEdian' disputed, the ground with yost," resuming his natural, or assumed drawl, " I doubt your having much chance anyhaw. T back lilm to win if he tried against aay man in London." " Well, but ho is not very likely to try; aii-I how about the other, Sir Selwyn ? " SMsff and nonaent-e, Charlie; he'd more fit forihe old lady than the young one. Sha must look upon him as a father, at the least: not to tay a grandfather." "Stranger things have happened, and if Lady de Clifford should back hitn—yhac then"?" '■ I'd back the girl ten to one," said Spen cer, with some animation, ''tho old lady would come ofE sccond best. The idea of that beautiful young creature marrying aa old villain like Grant-Faulkner. I'd sooner go t<* a funeral than to such a wedding as that." *' You are in a very romantic vein to-day, Spenccr," observed Lord Charles. ''Hera comes Cambaceres back again. He must ba a stoic to quit the side of la tfioa so quickly. Come on; I see Laurence Stanlield and ho always knows the on dils ; there are a few questions he can answer for me." He linked hi? arm in that of his companion, s>r.d the two men sauntered on. Meanwhile, Sir Selwyn and Agnes, after parting with Don Colo, cantered to the end of the ilow and then turned back at a walk. " Where did you meet that Lord Charles Mervyn?" asked Sir Selwyn, "ha looks a fop." " 1 met liim a few night ago at Mrs. Tressilian's;" answered Agnes. '' I suppose he is something of a fop; moat youug men are, I fancy, but he is a very nice fellow--da some respects." " Heir to an enormous property, I believe," icmarked Grant-.Faulkner, carelessly. *'Is he? Is he an elder son, then? Sartfly theic is a second title in family.'' '■ Ye9. Lord Ilamsden inherits the duoal estates, which he will do his best to wasteon the tin f if he continues his present courses. Lord Charles will come into the mother's proporfcy." "Is he on the turf, too?" said more tor someiliing to eay than for any other reason. " A great deal more than is good for him or his pocket," said Sir Selwyn;" woe bjtids the woman he marries." '• lie might give up gambling," said Agae% smiling; "and then 1 daresay tie wouldmaks a very good husband—as husbands go." '•Are you getting these notions already, Agnes ?'** said her companion, frowning: slightly. "Young Mervyn i3 a very good ball-room parli, I dare say, but for anything graver I would advise you to beware of him." Agne3 opened her large hazel eyed in wonderment. " I mean nothing serious,*' she said, I }iat e only seen him once, and I simply spoke jestingly, a3 bents time and place. Madre leeommeuded me to fall in love with him." "Do you like beardless boys, then?" asked Sir Selwyn, giving his horse a flick with Ui* riding whip chat made the inoffensive animal start. heart, enough to let it pass into words. " Ho is not so very young," she said, ''and jcu forget how young I am." " Pooh! child, a young fop like Charles Mervyn would never attract you. You are more Jikely to fall in love with a man of forty than a man of two and twenty." "A man of forty ! " said Agnes laughing. " Oh! Sir Selwyn, my own father might be forty. He would leave me a widow at thirty, and I don't like widows," Grant-Faulkner did not immediately reply ; he showed his vexation more than he was conscious of ; and the dark eyes of his com panion, looking out from under their observant brows, noted the fact, but she could not understand how she had annoyed him for a moment, until it suddenly crossed her that her last speech plainly implied her opinion that forty was an advanced age, and this she had said to a man who was decidedly sensitive about his age; but she was ia at perverse humor to-day, or else her dislike ta Sir Selwyn had taken a stronger hold of her mind than she was conscious of, for the dis covery caused her, unusually so careful not-to give pain 0r offence, a feeling of amusement rather than of compunction. Sir Selwya tpofee before she could frame an apology. •• I might answer your last words, carina, in ihe words of Othello,"' he said, lightly— " l'"w 1 am (let-lined into the vale of years; yet that's not much." Something in the tone as 1,1 w quotation it^lf j.irred on the ea, : ^ • She didnoi pc.t.ive any directs^ :':c-u>r; ; either; but habitually ready at repartee, 8k<± did not know how to answer her companion this time, and remained silent. Grant Faulkner tried, and tried iu vain, to read her countenance. The closer compression of the lips was a change too slight to meati anything in a face in v. Inch firmness was a decided feature. Her silence was more marked; but this might show vexation, or simplyperplexity. Sir Selwyn was baffled a train. W as she right ? Coiddlie never learn to understand this child ? The. next moment she was intimating to hint a mutual acquaintance, and making soma laughing n-mark about an incident in which that acquaintance had been aotor. Was this change of humor only from the sunny ■southern temperament? was it entirely natural ? or did there run through this girl's disposition that vein of Italian subtlety which, hardly realised by the mind that obeys its prompting*, lead* to the " open face" or the "hidden thought 2" Sir Seiwyn answered Agnes's remark laugh ingly, and while he spoke she said suddenly— " There is Don Cola again—I thought he lad left the Bow." The painter came by at an easy trot; he did Sot stop this time, hut only bowed low, lifted kis hat, and passed on, and again, as every tisoe he saw him, the noble beauty of the West Indian came like a shock upon the eyes •f Grant- Faulkner. " Poor fellow!" he said to Agnes, looking after him; "his position is certainly anomalous, and his own pride or high sense ®f honor does not improve it." "He has made his own position," said Agnes. " Of course; but I was rather speaking of the future; he could hardly marry into a noble family." " Perhaps his art is his only pride, like the heroes in novels," returned Agnes, " though I am sure that some noble families—or at any rate some high families, would forgive him for what he has in himself." " You draw a notable distinction," said Sir Stelwyn;" but then the Cliffords.always were as proud as Lucifer." "Prideis the legacy of blue blood," said -Agues, epigrammatically, " but I am a wor shipper of fame, for all that." She seemed determined not to be serious, and Sir Seiwyn could make nothing out of her last answer, nor did she give him opportunity to attempt a solution, for she almost instantly proposed a gallop, and set off at a pace which was dangerously near to breaking the regu lations as to "rough riding;"' she shortly afterwards declared herself tired, and said jfhe would leave the Row. "As you will," said Sir Seiwyn, patiently, *' if you want a ride, and not a mere amble, yon should come with me fome day to Bieh BBond Park; it is a splendid place." " So Lord Charles said the other night,'' replied Agnes;" perhaps I will go some diy. I should like to see the park." " In any company but Othello's, eh?" " I despise Othello," said Agnes. "What wakes you choose such a comparison ?" "Italians always despise credulity," said Sir Seiwyn, biting his lips to suppress the keen anger with which the girl's evidently deliberate words filled him; "who would suspect you, Agnes, of despising the man who trusted and loved, and admiring the man who ■so basely deceived ?" "Yoa inserted the last clause into my sentiments," returned Agnes, coolly, "I w.« not aware of it before. To despise Othello is not io like Iago; I have no sympathy with -•ither. Othello loved, but trust is precisely what he had not." " Yet an Italian should hardly complain of a jealous love, granting your correction." "They all call me Italian," said Agnes, half to herself; and aloud, " but whether or no I am pledged to hold to every sentiment which fact or tradition has stamped as peculiarly Italian, it is better to believe too much in one ire love than to believe too much of him, or ier." " An answer truly woman-like." "Manlike," too, Sir Seiwyn—knightly, at least. I come of a race that believes in the principles of chivalry." Again a stingGrant-Faulkner's txse Unshed crimson. "Of a race that hides a dagger in a velvet sleeve," he said in a tone that startled her, and made her look at him half wonderin°rly, -and he conldhave bitten out his tongue that kad betrayed him into uttering the hasty Ittrds. "Forgiveme," he said, directly, "I have wade too mucn of trifles. T am sure yon ateyer meant to wonnd." (To be continued.} 