The Intercolonial Cricket Hatch (From a Correspondent.) FIRST DAY— Friday. 10th Fkbrdabt. The 28th Intercolonial match between Vic toria and New South Wales was commenced en "Friday last, on the Association Ground, under vary favourable rircuiaatances. The match bad been the principal topic of conversation during the week. The weather was all that could be wished at the opening of the game— fine, clear Sky, with a beautifully ood north-cast bream From the start fortune appeared to smile on New South Wales, Murdoch, who was chosen captain, winning the torn from Boyle, who acted as skipper for the Vietorians. The wicket was in capital order, though fori. Alick Bum em on and tfassie went first to tbe wickets, faring tbe bowling ofPalmeraudM'Shane. Tbe"Detnoo," Spofibrth, was present on the ground, but refused to play, consequently young Downes occupied bis place. This was not well received by tbe public, who said some very hard tilings of Spofforth, aod, if they had their way, I don't think he would ever appear again before them on the Association Ground. Massie quickly commenced bitting, a fact which soon proved fatal to him, Palmer getting bim with a well pitched ball when he hod put together 17- Murdoch went in second, ana at onoe began to play with his usual care. The second wicket (town was that of A. Bsjmerman, who was in over two houre for 30 runs, got in bis usual safe style. He was rather unfortunate in getting ont tbe way he did. Getting under a leg bsU, he drew it too much round, and Palmer caught him iu the slips. Jones came next, and his play from the start was admired for its freeuees. The bowling strength of the Victorians was fully tested, and, despite their efforts, the runs came very freely, the board showing 352 when the tumps were drawn at aix o'clock. About .5000 spectators were present during the day. When play ceased for the day, Murdoch was not out for tbe splendid score of 183, which was ob tained by magnificent batting andgrand Httiug. Jones was also not out with, a capital innings of 91\. The following is a description of THE PLAY. Murdoch, the N.S.W, captain, having wou the toss from Boyle, decided to go to the wickets. Massie aud A. Banuermau went to the wickets first, to the bowling of Palmer and M'Sbaue. Bannerman acted on tbe defensive, but Massie commenced smiting about in all directions, and at 21 succumbed to a good length from Palmer for a quickly mode 17, and up went 1—17 — 21 as Murdoch emerged from tne pavilion. The new-comer commenced to score at once, and soon had 30 on tbe board. Buds camo apace very epeedtiy, principally through the exertions of Murdoch, aud at 6l> M'Shaue was shunted in favour of Boyle. A inaideu to Boyle, and then Cooper relieved Palmer, but tbe change did not prove effec tive, ba 70 and SO went up in quick succession, Murdoch obtaining two fours in succession. An adjournment was then made for lunch. Murdoch being 40, and Bannerman 20. On resuming at 2.20, Boyle and Cooper howled a maiden, and then, after a couple of singles, Murdoch drove the last of Boyle a next over to tbe on for 3, followingit up by hitting M'Sbane to leg for 2. He next got Cooper away to the off for 4— (90 up) — and Bannerman sent the lost of Boyle's in the slips for 2. After several singles haa been added, Murdoch drove Cooper to the on for 4 , and eent 100 up amidst great applause. Murdoch now seemed to settle down to his work, and off Cooper's next added 4 to the score. Another change waa nowmade iu tbe bowling, Palmer going on again iu place of Cooper. Murdoch sent Ins first to the press- box for 4— (110 up)— and soon after eent the same bowler to the grand stand fence for 4. Some singles (2 to Bannerman and -2 to Mur doch) brought 120 up. At 12S Turner relieved Palmer ; but Murdoch got his second away to leg for 2, and 130 was posted. Yet another change was made in tbe bowlers, Baker going on iu place of Boyle at the south end ; but his over was rather an expensive one, the first b&U; resulting in 4 bves, the second in 2 to Mur doch for au on drive, and the fourth in 1 to the same batsman for a tip in tbe slips. 140 op. Murdoch then drove Turner to leg for 4, and 2 for byes were 6cored off the third uall. Off the last of Baker's next Bannerman got 1 for a hit to leg. aud was then caught in the slips by Palmer off tbe first ball of Tomer's next over. 2—30—149. The vacaucy was filled by <1\. Baanerman, who scored 1 off the last ball of Turner's over. Some singles were added, and theu Bannerman , was giveu out leg before to Baker— 3— 3— 156 — and Jones came in. Both batsmen scored fast, 160, 170, &nd; ISO appearing in quick suc cession on the board, the principal hits being by Jones. At 182 Cooper relieved Turner, ana Boylo went on again in place of Baker, but without result, Murdoch sending Boyle to the fence for 4, and Jones doing ditto with Cooper. 190 up. Both batsmen then soored singles, and Murdoch Bent Cooper behind the wicket for 2. 200 up. Boyle bowled a maiden, but off Cooper's next two singles were scored, end Jones emote the third of Boyle's next to tbe fence. Cooper, a maiden, and Murdoch sent Boyle along the carpet to the fence, finishing the over with a brace in the slips. 210 up. Palmer relieved Borle at the south end, when the score was at 2i7, all to no purpose. 220 and 230 were soon posted, but not before Murdoch gave a chance in the slips to Turner, who, however, declined to accept it. At 235 another change was made in the bowling. M'Shane was put on at the Northern end, and this had tbe effect of stopping the scoring for a time ; but Palmer was knocked about, and soon 240, quickly followed by 250, ap peared on the board. The bowling was now completely collared, the batsmen treating it with the greatest confidence, and it was eeu that only some " glorious uncertainty" would be the means of disposing of either of tbem. Some singles and a two to Jones off Mbane brought 260 up. Murdoch seal the same bowler to the off for 3, and drove Pa'raor for 4 ; 270 was sent up by a 4 to Jones for a drive to loo? field. This rapid scoring brought ou other change? in the bjwling, Hnran replacing Palmer without success. 289 aod 290 followed < sell other in rapid succession, and Turner wa« tried io place of M'thaoc. Murdoch sent bim to leg f<>r 4, theu to the off for another quartette, and sent the third century up amidst enthusinstic applause, bv a fioe cut to the gTAnd stood fence for 4. Off Turner's next tbe same batsman 2 ami 3, and Jones seconded him by suiting Koran fur 4. 310 up. The last of Turner's orcr Murdoch sent into the slips for 4, and later on drove Horan to tlie fence for a like number. Jonrs contributed 4 by a tip In tbe slips, and sent 320 up, and tlieo the runs came lu ones and twos until Jones got on to one from Boyle, which he sent for 4, and, adding a single, caused to go up. Cooper, who had again gone oo in place pf Koran, bowled a maiden; but off Boyle's next Murdoch scored 2 for a tip iu tbe slips, and off tho last of Cooper's next added 4 for a hit to leg, finishing up kith a tip in the slips for 1 . £ligbl was now put on at the south end, but his first bail Murdoch aeot to tbe fonce for 4. 340 up. The last of Boyle's next Jones sent to tl|0 on for 9, aod played time out by snicking Slight for 4, the score then standing at 350\. Tne fieldjog of the Viatorians was really very fine, especially that of Boyle, Bonnor, flight, and M'DonBell. The first three gained several rounds of applause for their brilliant fielding. SECOND DAY— Saturday, 11th Fed. BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.) The day broke rather cloudy, but it cleared up, and play commenced at 12 sharp. A large crowd was present, fully 16,000. Murdoch and Jones, the not-out batsmen, made another good stand. Junes increased his score to 100\. wheo Boyle effected a magnificent catch off BakT, whirfe was vociferously applauded, aud caused Lb dismissal. Davis, after contributing 4, shared the same fate as Jones, Boyle catching him neatly off fisher' bowling, Garrett, tbe next batsmen, 'gave the field considerable trouble, playing tbe boing with great confidence ana scoring freely. Murdoch, in hitting at a ball from Ko an, skied K, and was caughp by filopk- liam. The famous batsmen on reaching foe pavilion, met with quite an ovation for his masterly inniogsof 321, which was obtained in grand style, combined with great skill, srienre and patience. A subscription list was started, and in a very short space of time, 122 sovereigns wa? collected for the gallant batsman. It is pro posed to purchase a trophy for jiresenution to 61 urdoch. D. Gregory, triffc Garrett, played out time, the score standing at 640 for 6 jrickets. Garrett was ?c not out, and QregQtr 23. The fielding of the Vietorians was again splendid, and frequently came fo for well-deserved sppfoiue. THE PLAY. Punctually at twelve o'clock the Victorians took the field, and were Immediately followed by Murdoch and Jones Baker and Cooper took chine of tbe bowling Cooper from toe start was knocked about a good fieri and Primer took his place at 372.' ' Runs came qolcklv and the toe fourth century was soon displayed on toe telegraph amidst intense cheering. Jones was shortly afterwards grandly caught by Boyle at square leg for a finely played 109. The retiring batsman was much applauded. 4—109—401 was hoisted as Barfs joined Murdoch. The partner ship was not ol long duration, the new-comer being captured at leg, off Baker's bowling. 6—4—423. Garrett -cemented toe partnership. Abrilllantstendwasniadednringthb association. The chances of Victoria' look rather blue, and Welshmen were in high spirits at the euoeess of the men. Several changes of bowling were tried, all to no purpose. Tne display of cricket was of the highest order. Garrett played uncommonly steady, but fait when opportunity offered. At 572 Murdoch's long ana brilliant innings was brought to a close by a catch by BlaclfhRm off Horan's bowling. 6—321—572 went np as Gregory filled the vacancy. The score moved on rapidly. The Victorians stuck to their work manfully, but were not instru mental in - disposing of either Garrett or Gregory. Both men -kept their creases, when play closed for the day, Garrett being not out with a fine innings of 76, and Gregory a steadily played 23. Bl&ckham;, at tbe wickets, Was simply perfection, and Slight, Boyle, and Bonnor fielded in fine etyle. THIRD DAY.— Monday, 13th Fssbuasy. (BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.) Plat was resumed at the appointed time. The attendance numbered about 6000. The first innings of the New South Welshmen closed for the large total cf 776. Gregory scored 26, when he favoured M'Douuell with a catch which was eagerly accepted. Hiddlestone con tributed 26 by fine play, when he was stumped by Blackham off Cooper. Spofforth, much to the surprise of everyone on the ground, batted after stating that he would not play. There was some talk of Spofforth being left out of tbe combination match, and this, it is said, made him play- Garret hit out at almost everything, and after miil"nP 163 was clean bowled by M'Shane. Spofforth, when becomiug dangerous, waa sent to the rightabout by a good ball from M'Shane. The Victorians commenced batting al a quarter past three, and at the close of the day's play had 6 wickets down for 206. Baker headed the score with a freely hit 51. M'Don- uell came uext with 48. Bonnor and Slight played useful innings for 38, not out, and 26 respectively. THE PLAY. Garrett aod Gregory took their stations at the wickets opposed to the bowling of Primer and Boyle. The score was taken (e 652, when Gregory in attemptiog to drive Palmer, placed the half in M'Donnell's hands, who retained it, Hiddlestone filled tho gap. The Victorians bowling was for a while in a knot. M'Shane was tried without success, and it was sot until the score moved to 749, that 8 separation took place. Hiddlcstun In going out to Cooper was stumped by Blaekhatu. 0—27—749. Spoffortb'e appearance cm the scene was the signs! of slight hooting. Loud cheem proclaimed that Garrett was clean howled bv M'Suanc for a fine suore of 1G4. 9—163—765. "Evans, the Ia?t roan, made his appearand and tbe iunings was brought to a close for 77 5 by M'.-hane bowling Spofforth for 8. The New South Wales team have made the largest score on record in a first-class match. The Sydney people are jubilant over toe spleDilid score mado by their players. Tiie wicket Iming been swept and rolled Blackhain nod M'Dou- nel, with bat in hand, came forth to open the first innings of Victoria. Spofforth and Evans conducted the attack. Tbe scoring went ou merrily till 35 was reached when Blackham in hitting at a leg ball frum cpoffurtli was cuugbt by D. Gregory at slip forjd. 1—8—35. Koran, the premier Victorian batsman, came and went, being caught by Evans at point, off Spofforth without scoring, "and the Victorians grew deopou- dent. 2—0—35. flight joined M'Dounell. M'Donnell gave the field a couple of chances, which were refused much to the disgust of tho Sydney men. M' Douuell brought forth loud cheers by hitting Spofforth splendidly over the chains for 5. M'Donnell, after a good though somewhat lucky inuiugs, was bowled by Spofforth with a plain, straight b&U.; 3-48-68. Baker companioned Slight. The two South Melbourne batsmen m&de; matters very lively for the field, especially Baker. At 94 Garrett came on in place of Evans. The uew howler came in for severe punitoment at the hands of Slight, but succeeded in bowling that batsmsn off' his pad. Slight played in fine form for 26. but oue chance can be urged against biro. 4—20—136 met the gate of Hounor. Baker, after playing a good sod rapid innings for- 50 had his stumps disturbed by tbe demon. Boyle partnered Bonnor, hut vu moat ' uufoitunalo, being caught by Gregorv iu the slips low down off Evans, who 1 had .relieved Garrstt. rainier followed, and with Bonnor played out time, the score stand ing at 206 for G wickets. 13 on u or was not out, with an excellent innings of 38. The bowling of Spofforth was splendid. FOVRTH DAY.—' Tuesday, February 14. (BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.) The not-out batsmen of the pre i"U> evening, Palmer and Bounor, reutnea their piece at the wicket? at noon. The scoring wa??low, the bowling being too good to he trifled with. Bonnor, who had been hatting uuu«iiftlly steadily, drove Evan in the air, and wascauelit !w C. tiauuermao. The outgm'ug batsman diV- ? laved excellent cri.-ket forbid runs. 7—44—212. 'uroer came nexr, and wa bowled by £pofl"orrli without troubling the scorn. 8—0—213. Methane joined Palmer, but shared tiie swne fate as his predecessor, being likewise disposed of by Spofforth. IV. 11. Cooper, the last man, camo iu. Au unexpected stand was made. Co 'per played as steady as a rock, while Palmer piled on the runs. Several changes of Itowling took place. Spoffurtii, Evans, Garrett, and HiddJcstooc each tryiug tbeir Imnd id turn w.fhout success. Palmer fenred freely otf all the howlers, and exhibited fine cricket. At lunch tlie wore was 287 for 9 wickets. After lunch the score was brought to 3 '7, when Evans found a weak spot in Cooper's defence. Cooper scored 31 by goad defensive cricket, nod Palmer carried lii« bat for n beautiful innings of 76. without giving the ghost of a chance. ' The Ia?t wicket put on 102 runs. Both Cooper and Palmer were mthu-i- ns'ieally cheered for their fine performance. Iti the large minority of 458 ruus the Victoriaus commenced tbeir secoud innings, Palmer aud M'Dounell being their first re presentatives. M'Donnell hitup 1 1 very quickly, when he gave a chance to Massie iu the long- field, who did not refuse it. Iloran filled the breach, with tbe score at 24. Palmer was foolishly run out lor C only. 2 — C— 24. Black- ham's appearance was the signal for a round of npplause. During thi« association the batting proved to be of the best description. Buns came freely, and tbe excitement grew apace. Spofforth was token off in favour of Garrett. At 70 A . Bannerman took the ball from Garrett. Despite these alterations iu the mode of attack, the batsmen played with the utinoat confidence. Blackham hit with characteristic freedom. When the stumps were drawn for the day, both batsmeu were still iu. Bluckham's score is a 100 not out, obtained by genuiue cricket, and Iiorati <J3 not out. Horan at the start played carefully, but soon settled down to work and scored rapidly. There ia great excitement over the magnificent stand made by Koran and Blackham. The snatch will be resumed to-day. The following are the scores SEW SOUTH WALES.— Frnsr Txxikos. A. Banticrroaij, c Palmer, b Turner .. 30 H. H. MafeSk'.li Palmer 17 W. L. Murdoch. 0 Blackball, b Horso ... 32! C. Baouermati, Ibw, b Baker ... ... 3 JoDue, c Boyle, b 8»ker ... ... ... 103 Davis, b Boyli, b Baker ... ... 4 Q.irreit, )i M'Shane ... ... lfli J>. Gn-pory, c M'DohloII, b Pnliuer ... 2S Hiddlestone, et Blackham, I Cooiter ... 27 Spofforth, b M'Shane ... ... ... 8 Evans, not out ... ... ... ... Y Sundries ... ... ... ... 03 Total 775 Bowu.vo Axaltsib.— 1st Innings— Palmer. 320 balls, 28 maidens, 2 no-balls. 161 runs, 8 wickets j M'Sbane, 172 bells, 13 m&ideue;, 91 ruus, 2 wickets j Boyle, 268 balls, 31 maidens, 115 runs; Coojier, 889 balls, 26 maidens, 129 runs, 1 wicket ; Turner, 129 balls, 10 maidens, 66 rune, i wicket ; Dakar, 278 holla, 26 maidei\& 1 no-ball, 109 runs, 3 wickets; Horan, 22) bolls, 15 maidens, 23 runs, 1 wicket ; Slight, b balls, 6 rune ; BlackLaro, 4% balls, € maidens, 8 runs ; Bonnor, 8 balls, 8 runs, VICTOBIA— Friesr Ixirrvas. Blackham, c Greco ry, h Spofforth ... 8 Horan, c Evans, b Spofforth ... ... O M'Donnell, b Spofforth ... 48 Slight, b Garrett ... ... ... ... 26 Boyle, c Gregory, b Evans ... ... I Baker, b Spofforth ... ... ... 5> Bonuor, c iluuiertu&n;, b Eran6 ... ... 44 Palmer, not out ... ... ... ... 76 M'Shane, b jK>fforib ... ... ... 0 Turner, b Spofforth ... ... ... 0 Cooper, fa Evans , , ... ... ... 31 Sundries ... ... ... ... 33 Total ... ... ' 317 Bowling anoiyfeia,— Spofforth, 272 balls, 122 runs, £5 maidens, 6 wickets ; J-jvaip, 266 bolls, 76 runs, 16 maidens, 8 wickets,- Garrett, 69 bolls, 63 rnos, S maidens, 1 wicket; Jones, 40 faal)s, 10 runs, 7 maidens; Hiddlestone, 13 balls, 9 rmu>. VICTOBIA— Second Innings. M'Donnell, c Massie, fa Evans ... ... 11 Palmer, runout ... ... ... ... 6 Horan, not out ... ... ... ... 63 Blackham, not out ... ... 100 Sundries ... ... ... ... 22 Two wickets ,foj ... ... ... 192 