SATURDAY, S EP TEAM Uli IG, 1832. The Koo-wee-rup Swamp-tho great rnaish of South Gipps Land-is bo coming an object of interest in coa nexion with the land question. It is to be dealt with in a manner which ia novel in Victoria. The land is to be re- claimed, and it is then to be parcelled out and sold to the highest bidders, the proceeds tobe set a put for the con .tiuction of the Great Southern Rail- way. Such, at least, is the Government proposal. The scheme is nowhere, but experience has been obtained elsewhere. Of the many land systems in force in Now Zealand, one of the most successful has been that of prepaiing the land for occupation prior to sale. The resulta have been satisfactory, alike to the settleis and to the Government, Some months ago the radical journals were warm in their praise of what may hero be called the New Zealand principio, though it must bo admitted that they were under a misconception as to ita application. Their assumption was that the Government improved the land for the selector, becoming his mortgagee, whereas the fact is that tho land was ren- dered fit for occupation, and was then sold, the state getting its outlay back immediately. In some cases the bush was cleared. In other instances swamps were drained. But for the most part the improvements consisted in the con- struction of first-class roads, which gave access to a market, and so turned value- less land into an important property. The politicians who argue that this is the one proper way of disposing of the territory have much to say in their favour. According to this system, what should be done in the case of the Koo-wee-rup Swamp is to reclaim tho land, and con- struct, or at least start, the railway before selling the farms, and so secure for the Btate the full benefit of the improve- ments. The land might then be ex- pected to realise a good price, and possibly the sale of the swamp would do more than pay for the railway. We ¡shall exchange a morass for a valuable public work. If the New Zealand history repeats itself, the farmers will be willing to bid a fair price for accessible land, and a compact settlement will be estab- lished, the public wants of which can bo supplied at a minimum cost to the state. The settlers, with good land to operate upon, and with a market easily within leach, will be able to make their hold tigs pay, and under these circumstances this particular tract will not be liable to develope into a grazing run, because graziers will not bo able to pay a prico which will tempt the settler to sell, No one would stake a system upon an indi- vidual case. Too high a prico may be paid for gold, and the drainage of the Koo-wee-rup swamp may be more costly than is anticipated. Farmers, after all, may not care about the soil. We have no evidence before us to enable an opinion to be formed upon these points. And of course the scheme is heavily handicapped by the circumstance that the market is glutted with land offered wholesale by the state, in return for twenty annual payments of Is. per acre. It is the principle of the system with which we are concerned to day. Viewed inthelightof the presentsitua tion, every one must see how much better it would have been had that prin- ciple been adopted at an early period o£ our hiBtory,when unfortunately the popu- lation was seized with the Convention craze, and the cry for free selection at a nominal price swept everything before it. Suitable areas would have been laid out for agricultural settlement. Roads, rail- ways, telegraphs, roads and bridges, could have been provided at the smallest possible cost. The farmers would bava had the all- important benefit of easy accét-s to the seaboard, and this, coupled with the advantages of a compact settle- ment, would have allowed thom to give a good round sum for their holdings. Agriculture must have prospered under these favourable conditions, if it was to prosper at all. The back country would have remained in the hands of graziers until such time as the advancing popu- lation settled area after area, aud th o improvement in the position of the Crown tenant would have enabled the state to obtain a magnificent revenue from the sale of the grass of the so-called " waste lands of the Crown." And the great evil of the Convention system would have been avoided. The graziers would not have required, and would not bave been tempted, to protect themselves from the fraudulent or the semi-fraudu- lent selector, nor would it have boen in their power to pick up cheap land from men who had obtained it from tus state for a song. We should have been just to the agriculturist, just to the grazier, and just to the generation which comes after us. But Convention principles were described as "liberal, and it was declared that the opposition came from monopolists, and must be wrong. The consequence is the largo estates, which it was never intended to create, and' a settlement so scattered and far away that it is difficult for tiia state to reach the farmers, and still more difficult for the farmers to roana the seaboard. In the case of the Koo-weo-rup swamp, sentiment is to be abandoned, and we are to revert to common senao and commercial -principles. The moro widely the System is adopted, tho bettet it must be for all. Even at the eleven«! _our- wffmust submit that it would ba ?well to* classify the waste lands of tho -Crown, to divide thom into areas, an« to opea those areas aa they were pi pared for settlement, find aa the domai should justify. There ia but a fal hope of any advance in thia direetio But the advocates of aa honest lai system can at least resist a further e tension of the Convention principles, i extension which under the new name leasing would tempt the population ? seize larger areas still further away fro the markets, leaving moro and mo depopulated country between them ar the seaboard._ At a conference hold last week undi the auspices of the United Evangelist Society, a coinmitteo was appointed I promote the establishment of a Socii Purity Society in Melbourne. appears that associations bearing thi name have been formed in Sout Australia and New South Wales, an they are anxious that there should b an organisation in this city working t attain the same ends aa those they hav in view. The hon. secretary of tt Adelaide institution explained that ti work to be accomplished is the limiti tion of the social evil. Its membon he tells us, believe in moral as well o physical cleanliness and purity, an they have banded themselves togethc for the purpose of promoting it. The hold that hitherto the state haaneglecte its duty in the matter of protecting th personal rights of individual membei of the community, and they would sti it up to a fuller sense of its obligation; As far as we can see they propose tho all girls shall be " legally shielded" u to the age of 17 ; that fathers of ill< gitimate children should bear the ni responsibility of their maintenance that in actions for seduction, damage should be given for tho wrong done, a well as for loss of services ; and that t stato department should bo establish^ for tho defence of morals and the pre tection of female purity. We sym pathise, of course, with the mail objects which these societies hav in view, but we do not think tha the means they propose to adopt for thi attainment of their ends are practical, o; even harmless. While society remainf constituted as it is, wo have very little hope of doing much to check proatitu tion ; but we have no doubt that some thing might be effected if judiciou; attempts were made. Are the proposals which the Adelaide society wishes te . have embodied in legislation judicious ' We think not, By "legal shielding' V?e suppose is meant such protection a£ is enjoyed in this colony by childrer under ten, It makes abuse punish able as a capital offence, no mattei whether it was with consent or with out. Without going into the question minutely, we may say that tho provision suggested in a climate like this would be impracticable, A girl of 17 in Australia may bo considered equal in development to one of 21 in England and colder countries. The objections to the proposal are so obvious that w. need say no more. At firBt sight it seems reasonable that the fathers of illegitimate children should assume the same responsibilities respecting them as they do in re- gard to children born in wedlock. But whether this is so or not on the abstract merits, wo would point out that the practical effect o£ enforcing such a rule would be to increase vice rather than to promote virtue. If we set aside romance we find it a mis- take to suppose that woman is alwajs sinned, against. It is aad, but it is also true, that no seduction takes place in many cases, while in some the onticement is certainly not on the side of tho men. Those who have made " the sin of great cities" a study toll us that in this country many girls deliberately go upon tho town in Bheer wantonness, attracted by what they foolishly imagine to be the freedom of the life, aud the opportunities it is supposed to offer for the gratifica- tion of vanity and love of display. Now, what would be the conse- quences in the case of such girls if putative fathers were compelled to bear the whola expense of maintain- ing illegitimate children in the style suited to their own condition, and pareuts or guardiaus could claim damages, irrespective of the value of her services, on account of every female under age who happened to go astray 1 We say without hesitation that Bo-calledseduction and prostitution would increase to an alarming extent. Low parents and guardians would encourago girls to allow themselves to be " se " duced" for the sake of the damages recoverable from their seducers, and girls destitute of moral sense would be likely to fall in witli the arrangement. The comfortable provision for their illegitimate offspring under the pro- posed alteration iu the law would relieve them of the penal cousequences which now attach to tho act of making addi- tions to society in défiance of its laws, and might in stmio cases even go towards their own m lintenance. Under such a system, moral purity would be in greater danger than it is now. The proposal to have a state department to look after the morals of individuals, and to relieve women from the duty of pro- tecting their own honour, is too Utopian to commend itself to the common sense of an English community. It appears to us that there are only three ways in wLich prostitution can be diminished, viz., by moral suasion, by severe punishments dealt out to those guilty of procuring, and by the provision of means whereby those women who have fallen may regain a place in society. While publie feeling remains as it is, we are afraid that very little effect can be produced on youths by appeals to their moral sense in con- nexion with this matter. With girls, however, it is different. They cut themselves off entirely from respecta- bility by a lapse from virtue, and if at the ago when temptation is strongest and the judgment is weak, they had some advisers to warn them of what they must expect, and to appeal forcibly to all that might bo coot! within them, We have no doubt that some might be arrested and ?turned back on the very threshold of tho houso of death. A great deal, we imagine, might be effected m this direction by girls' friendly Societies. Girls iro often led away by eompiiuom, or enticed, into vicious cour._3 Ly hoary-headed sinners, who livo in corruption ?and tiade in iniquity. Fiocuriog is a revolting crime, and should be punished with lnercilesB seventy. As to restora- tion, we can only oxprass a conviction ¡ .that proper refuges ara capable of doing a great work. Many women of the town become speedily weary of the degrading life they have adopted, and would fain return to the society they have abandoned. The institutions to which we have referred are so many quarantine stations, where they are purified to some extent, and once moro fitted to mix with, their fellow crea- tures. Hundreds have now passed through them and become useful servants or happy wives, who, in tho absence of such retreats, would have sunk lower and lower, until they rested in dishonoured graves. All honest attempts to deal with this most difficult question aro worthy of respect and encourage- ment, and our object in making these reniark8 is not to throw cold water on the movement we have described, but merely to prevent waste of effort. In the last issue of the Victorian Revino appears an article in which. " A " Country Editor" draws attention to the absence of any guarantee that the writers in newspapers possess a compe- tent knowledge of the subjects they write about, and suggests a system of special training for the work and of granting certificates of competency. It is evident that this is a very important subj ect. The bare whisper of a suspicion that a journalist who one day writes on the germ theory of disease, the next on the discoveries of Dr. SCHLIOIANN, tho next on the Revised Version, and the next on Mr. BENT'S latest scheme of railway construction, is perhaps not perfectly versed in all these subjects, causes a cold chill of distrust and scepticism, which casts a doubt over the reality of all our knowledge. The suggestion to guard agaiiat this by educating our teachers is a very attractive one. Every editor's certificate of competency would of course bo printed over his leading article, and the gentle reader would naturally feel moro comfortable if he knew that the editor waa legally quali- fied, so that whethor he was on tho right side or the wrong he at any rate mangled his subject secundum avian. As newspaper discussion has a wide range it would be necessary to test the sound- ness of journalists in all branches of science, ancient, modern, and Oriental tongues, history of all the world in all ages, and the doctrines of all the theolo- gies. The result would certainly be a great improvement. No doubt this will be realised in the happy future to which wo are fortunately able to leave many of our reforms, and which it is well to know will have plenty of work after we have done our share. Meanwhile it must be admitted that the excellent suggestion of the re- viewer is not entirely without diffi- culties. When you have by dint of training and rigorous examination secured the Admirable Crichton of the press, it is painful to reflect to what duties ho might have to bend his haughty neck. Of course, every little township possessing a newspaper would insist on nothing less than a first class editor. It would scorn all who could only present second and third rate diplomas. And thus we might see a man equal to the criticism of the politics of the solar system reduced to pen articles on the deliberations of the local shire council, to thunder against the irregularities of the poundkeeper, and to produce eloquence of a very high order on the subject of the goat nuisance. But there are difficulties more for- midable than this. Journalists are not only called upon to instruct, they have also to assail, to denounce, to fulminate against wrong, and especially agaiust the opposite side in politics. Whore is the examiner able to decide whether a novice shows himself capable of cutting up Mr, BERRY with the due degree of incisiveness, or of being sufficiently crushing in his pulverisation of Sir BRYAN O'LOGIILEN 1 Who could take upon himself to determine on tho capa- city with which the sucking conservative defended law and order, or with which the youthful radical asserted the majesty and all seeing wisdom of the people meaning thereby the majority of the day Î Who would feel himself compe- tent to estimate the power of vitriolic abuse and sectarian venom requisite to qualify for editing religious newspapers -journals which, according to the Bishop of Melbourne, are " the most " irreligious in their uncharitable " views?" Where could we find men competent to hold an examina- tion in the peculiar dialect contained in commercial columns by writers who assure us that gunnybags are inflated, that hops have recovered themselves, that pig lead showed sjmptoms of buoyancy, and that cheese exhibited much liveliness 1 Then there are tho comic papers, Who could undertake to hold a pass examination in the quality of the jokes and the apti- tude and effectiveness of the political cartoons'! And above all, who would examine tho examiners 1 Still wo must admit that there is much to be said for the pleasing sug- gestion upon which we are commenting, even if it has to remain a mere " counsel " of perfection." The mind loves to dwell on the touching spectacle of a journalistic training school for the edu- cation of youthful editors, who would all colloquially employ the editorial " we " even in their games, and when not at play would be writing fero- cious diatribes against each other by way of practice. It is almost painful to think that all this oan only remain a bright hope till some definite scheme is mooted by which the obstacles we have modestly indicated can be overcome. Possibly " A Country Editor " will be able, in the seclusion of rural lifo, to meditate the matter, and when he next writes to the Eeviciv, to put his ad- mirable scheme into a practical shape. Dr. BONJ3, of Castlemaine, has volun- tarily undei taken a useful and meritori- ous work. Ile deoirea io awaken in the public mind-at loaat in the public mind in his own dißtrict-an interest in astro- nomy. As a preliminary he proposes to take the teachers of the various state schools in his neighbourhood through a regular course of instruction in the science, and if they second bia efforts!, and transmit his information to their pupils, a vory effectual method will have been adopted of spreading widoly a knowledge of a subject which is too much neglected. Dr. BONE'S first Btep waa to delivor a lecture on the planisphere, and ho has followed Ibis up by an offer to form an astrono- mical class for eohool teaohera. Tho I planisphere ia a chart of tho southern! Bkies, which has boon laboriously pro-i pared at the Melbourne Observatory, and, I printed under the authority of the Vic tonan Government It is tho first work of the kind that has ever been made available for public use By its aid a faithful picture of tho sky at any given time of tho day or night can bo obtained It affords tho fullest and most complete informa- tion as to the position of tho heavonly bodleB, and gives practical simpo to astronomical principios and theories. A handbook of Instructions accompanies tho planisphère, but further assistance could not bo othcrwiso than welcome to the ordinary student Dr BONF, In placing his fuller knowledge at tho disposal of the Castlemaine teachers, has done thom a service which they have not boen slow to recognise Ho is also entitled to the thanks of tho Education department for furthering the offort it has made to populanso tho study of astronomy The department has caused tho hoad toachor of every school to bo supplied with a copy of tho planisphère, and as there are nearly 2,000 of those schools In the colony, the expense incurred must havo been considerable It would be m torcstlng to know in how many schools the work has been mado use of Pro- bably in very fow. Want of knowlodgo of a thing means want of interest ia it, and tho chances aro that in many schools this instructivo Btellar map has been quietly shelved. ThiH Is to bo regretted, for astronomy îs a study that amply re- pays any attention that may bo given to it That teachers aro willing to acquire a knowledgo of tho subject when their in terest has been aroused, is shown by tho cordial reception which Dr. BONE'S friendly offer has mot with at Castle- maine. If gontlomen possessed of scien- tific attainments, residing ia other parts of the colony, would go and do hkowlso, their kindness would doubtless meet with the same heirty appreciation. Turther particulars are to hand respecting the attack mado on Tuesday morning by tbo BritiBh forces upon the Lf,yptian positions at Tell el Kebir Tho nowa published yesterday is fully confirmed, and the defeat of the enemy seems to ha\e been most completo and cruBhinR Tho British commenced their march m the darkness of the early morning, and before the Egyptians discovered their presence they opened an artillery ure upon tbe entrenchments The infantry then advanced, and taking up sheltered positions also commenced firing When the BritiBh were a mile off the Egyptians discovered them, and opened a heavy nile fire upon them The Britiah troops then ceased firing, and advanc ing rapidly, stormed the entrenched works, which they carried at tne point of the bayonet The slaughter of the Egyptians, as might be expected, waa very heavy, no less than 2,000 being placed horn de combat Three thousand pneoners and an immense quantity of stores were also captured by the British, and the enemy B retreat northward being stopped by a British force they broke up and lied demoralised and panic Btrtcken in a Bouthern direction towards the desert, pur- sued by the Indian and Highland régiments Arabi himself escaped on horseback m the direction of Zagazig The High land Brigade, which was the first to enter the entrenchments, bore the brunt of the fighting but the total British loss waa only 200 killed and wounaed including how ever, a number of officera According to the latest intelligence, the cavMry are marching on BelbeB, between ¿aga i,, and Cairo, and the Indian contingent has started foi Zaga fig A bill to protect the interests of lodgers has been introduced intothe Legislative Assembly by Mr Duffy and Mr Boaieto Their goods and chattels are to bo exempted from seizure by the landlord when levying on bia tenant for arrears of rent On the landlord putting tn a distress warrant, the lodger may serve the bailiff with a declaration in writing made before a juatico of the peace, setting forth that the " tenant has no right of property or beneficial interest in the furniture, goods or chattels so distrained upon, and that such furniture, goods or chattels are the property or in the lawful possession of such logger The declaration is also to specify what ia owing from the lodger to the tenant, and the lodger may pay tho money over co the land lord After the service of the declaration upon the landlord, or his representative, and the tender to him of the money due by the lodger to the tenant, theBeizure of the lodgers gooda by the landlord will be illegal and the lodger may apply to the nearest court of petty BesBionB(two3uBticesl)eingonthebench)foran order for the restoration of bia property The justices may give coats and the lodger will aleo be at liberty to bring an action of law BgamBt the landlord for the illegal seizure The schedule to the bill shows how the de claration and inventory ate to be filled up by the lodger The Minister of Railways was yesterday waited upon by Mesara Johnson and Co , of the Tyne Toundry, with respect to the penalties which the firm has incurred in not com pleting their contracts for rolling stock within the specified time Mr Bent declined to go into the question of the remission of penal ties, but he consented to make further pay menta on two contracts which had been completed The whole question of penalties will probably be considered at an early date by Mr Bent and his officers, as it is one in V, Inch several contracting firms aro lute rested The Postmaster General will bring under the notice of the Cabinet on Monday the necessity for new telegraph offices at the head office- in Melbourne the present accom modation being not only too limited but thoroughly unsuitable for tho large amount of business winch has now to be transacted Plans have been prepared for proposed new offices at the corner of Little Bourke street and these will also bo submitted for the m Bpection of the Cabinet The Post and Telegraph department have decided to place a line of telegraph poles along Little Bourke streot from Spencer street to Spring street This will reduce the number of wires in Swanston, Bourke, and Collina streets, and will enable them to be tal en directly into the lelegraph office m Little Bourke street The department is m communication with the telegraph ofhciala of vanouB countries with respect to the best system of subterranean telegraph cables now m me, but up to the present time we are informed that no sufficiently satisfactory information has been received to warrant the adoption of any of the systems in Mel- bourne An inspection will be made to day by the Minister of RailwayB of the routes of the suburban lines included in his Railway Bill v,hich form part of the outer circle scheme A start will be made from the Brunswick cricket ground, where the North cote line will branch off from the Coburg railway, and the inspection will be con- tinued round to the Hawthorn raihvay bridge Mr. Bent will be accompanied by some o the officers of hiB department, and by Mesara Langridge Tucker, Blackett, Cook, Mirams, and Gardiner, M L A's The amended regulations which have been framed for the examination of masters, mates, and engineers of steam vessels, for certificates of competenoy, will not como into force until the 1st November next It waa proposed that they Bhould be enforced after the lstprox., but the recent fire at the Go vernment Printing edict delayed the produc tion of the necea.ary documenta and a post ponenicnt for a month haa been rendered necessary The stock tax report whtoh haa been pre pared by the chairman of the Royal CommiB Bion on the 1 anff was lust night circulated amongst members ol that body, and Tuesday next will be devoted to ita discaaBion The report itself, whioh will fornl a voluminoUB Btate paper, was in type several days since but its circulation was delayed owing to the fact that neither the evidence or appendices bearing on the »object wf re ready for publica (ion, Commissioners consider that to divnl the finding of the chairman with respect tho injurious effects of the stock-tax won be a breach of etiquette, and the contents i the report will not be made public until Tue dar. The preis will be admitted to the di cusBion on the Block tax unless the comm! sionors decido othertriso on their next day c meeting The Trench steamer Précurseur, whic loaded here last year for the Continent vi Cape Town, has ogam arrived Sha has o board a contingent of marine light mfantr and officers for service in New Caledonia, an also a number of officials for duty ia con ncxion with the state prisons Oaring th vojugo one of the marines threw himsel overboard on theOthinst andwasdrowned.ant another died on the 11th mat from conaump tion Amongatthe civilian passengers are thre religieuses of the order of St Joseph, and M do Granval, a journalist On the war ont thi steamer touched on a sunken rock and bat Beveral platea damaged, bat she reacbei Cape Town in safety and bad repairs effectei there On her arrival at the Heads rea terday, Dr ßulmer, health officer, for warded the following telegram to the Clue Secrttary on the aubject -" Précurseur steamer 1,001 tow from Bordeaux, vití Baka and Cape Town 76 daj?8 out 209 soldiers am 30 crew, arrived about 1 a.m I thorough!! examined all on board, finding all healthy j granted pratique at 3 a m this morning Number of doaths on the voyage, four, viz one suicide, and three of consumption Ni soldiers allowed on shois since leaving Bor deanx, and only a few officers allowod, witl limited restrictions, on shore at Bakar ant Cape Town The picture gallery at the Pnbhc Librarj will be re opened to the pabilo on Monday, tht 18th met, at noon The present number of 1 lie Australasia) Butcher, which is now ready for »sue, is fotu pages larger than heretofore, and a doublt instalment of Mr Paya a interesting novel "Kit is given The illustrations maintain tbe high standard of merit which baa been achieved, and exhibit a pleasing variotj of subject The frontispiece ia a re representation of the sheep show held recently m Melbourne, with one of thost noble animals which are the delight ol breeders m the foreground The view ol Gambier Town, in South Australia, enables an excellent idea to bo gained of thia prett) country township, and will be readilj recognised by those who have visited the place, lhe illustration of the Melbonrnt Coffee Tavern is an admirable reproductior of this fine architectural structure which non adorna Bourke street " Australian Horses in India ahowa where the Indian cavaln obtain tbeir chargers A scene illustrative of one phase of boah life ia given in thi picture, representing wild doga at nighl worrying a flock of sheep A series of vivid sketches depict the manner in which cattle are muBtered, drafted, and finally driven te market, with the incidents on the journes such as the midday camp, the watch at night and the mid rush of tbo cattle when, after a dry stoke, and half maddened by thirst, thej scent water in the distance Another stnkin; series, illustrative of coaching in the interior, ahowa the traveller in the back blocks, where the iron horse baa not yet pane trated, and the moving incidents of Hood and field which he may anticipate Portraits of the Hon J C Bray, Chief Secretary ol South Australia, and of Mr W E Sheridan, whoBe admirable rendering of Lear haa de lighted audiences at the Theatre Royal, and some sketches depicting scenes in " Boc caccio, now running at the Opera house, make up a very good number The weather for the second day of the BallaratAgncultnraland PaetoralSociety san nual eheopBhow yesterday was fine, but rathei windy There was a large attendance of the public, the ground bomg crowded A parade of draught and thoroughbred stallions wae held m the yard during the afternoon, A good many longwool and merino sheep wert offered for Bale but the prices obtainoti were only moderate The ram bred bj Messrs Austin and Millear, of Wanganella New South Wales that won the Grand Champion Challenge prize, was put up foi sale, and a bid of 500 guineas waa made, bat tbe owners declined to accept that price, and he waa passed m In our report of the visit of the Tariff Commission to the timber works rl Mr John Ferry, it was Btated that Victorian bluegum spokes, &.C, underwent a strain of 700 uvt The figures should have been COO to 7001b The experimenta wero in favour of Victorian timber, Mr Perry showing that with careful treatment and proper seasoning, Australian woods could successfully compete against tho high class imported hickory so essential to coachmakmg and other purposes. In con nexion with the experimenta, it Bbould be stated that Mr Tish, the foreman of the Melbourne Omnibus and Tramway Oom pany s works, expressed surprise that in a great city like Melbourne no proper ap pliances for teating timber could be found Tbe expenmentB with bluegum were pronounced entirely successful lhe necessity of arranging for a series of practical expon mente with properly adjusted machinery in connexion with the coach making industry was suggested, tbo difference between colonial and imported timber being oue of the chief difficulties winch local manufacturers have to overcome, lhe experience of Thursday sug gested the expediency of the Railway Indi genous Timber Board arranging for a propor system of experimenta m connexion with the investigation on which that body is at present engaged An application was made to the Supreme Court on the 1st September last, at tho in Btance of the Hand and Band Company to direct MesBrs Hard} and Madden, solicitors, to band over to the company a bill of costs received from the solicitors agenta in London m connexion with an appeal in a suit brough) by the company against the National Bank. MesBrs Hardy and Madden made afh davits to the effect that they had searched for the bill and could not find it but the Court did not consider this sulk cient, and directed the case to stand over for further affidavits Yesterday, the case was mentioned again, when affidavits were filed to the effect that the bill bad been used as a draft in 1S70 in preparing the general bill of costs against the company, and since then it had not been seen, and could not be found, although search waa made for it, and it was BuppoBed that it was destroyed with some useless documents that bad been burnt by one of the clerks The Court thought that this explanation waa unsatisfactory, and also directed tbe case to stand over for afullor statement as to whether the solicitors had a draft or a copy of tho document Mr Justice Molesworth gave judgment yes terday in an equity Butt of Hardy v Wilso and Others, 'lhe plaintiff, Mr John Hardy, as a shareholder in the Hand and Band Com pan} (No Liability), sued the directors of tin company and Mr J Cotter, ita manager seeking to make thom answerable-first, for salary paid to Cotter, to wblob, it was said, he was not legally entitled, secondly, to make them refund a sum voted to Cotter to indemnify him for coBts incurred by him m defending a suit brought against him by Mr. Hardy to make him transfer certain shares His Honour was of opinion that as regarded the salary, that was a matter in the discretion of the directors and they could give to a deserving officer moro than legally they might be compelled to pay, un lees it was done fraudulently to benefit an in dividual at the expense of the company. A3 to the costs of the suit relating to the shares however, be waa .of opinion that the direotora could not pay themoutof tbecompany a funda as the diBputewasapnvate onobetweenHardy and Cotter He thought, however, that thia wae a grievance of which the company should compla n, or if an individual shareholder complained, he should allege and prove that he waa in a minority among the shareholders, and the plaintiff had not made saoh an allega tien. Hia Honour, therefore, allowed de munera that had boen filed against the plain titt's suit on these grounds, but gave th plaintiff liberty to amend within a fortnigh if he pleased. In the Supreme Court yesterday an appli cation was made for a new trial in a case o Austin v. the Shire of Dunmunkle. Thi plaintiffs had owned some property, part o which was taken for the purposes of water works to be made by the shires of St. Arnaud and Dunmunkle. Some of the land taker comprised a series of waterholes. In the notice to treat for the property, the shire! expressed their readiness to allow the plain tiffs to have acceaa to theae waterholes. The question of the amount to be paid as compensation was left to arbitrators, and the plaintiffs being dissatisfied with the result of the arbitration, the matter was brought before the Supremo Court. At the trial evi- dence waa given that owing to the operations of the defendants the waterholes were silting up, and therefore the plaintiffs would be deprived of the nae of the water. The jury assessed the damages to which the plaintiffs were entitled at £1,030, but the defendants applied for a new trial on the ground that evidence as to the Billing up of the waterholes was impro- perly received, as the defendants could not contract to give the plaintiffs access to the waterholes, and therefore the jury could not give damages on account of the silting up. The Court allowed the objection, and directed a new trial, each party to pay the costs of the previous trial. At the recent civil sittings the Shire of Kyneton was sued by a ratepayer named Smyth for damages in consequence of his having lost a horse through the defendants negligence in leaving unfenced a large hole in a street under the defendants' care, and which had been metalled by them, The plaintiff's horse one night escaped from his stable, wandered on the road, and fell into this hole and was killed, and the plaintiff contended that the de- fendants were answerable for the losa, as they ought to have fenced the hole. At the trial the jury gave a verdict for the plaintiff. An application was made to the Supreme Court yesterday to Bet this aside, oa the ground that OB the horse was trespassing on the road the plaintiff waa to blame for the accident. The Court, however, held that aa it was the duty of the defendants to fonce the hole or lill it up, they were liable, and therefore refused to disturb the verdict In the Equity Court yeaterday, before Mr. Justice Molesworth, a suit of Hayward v. Martin was disposed of. The plaintiff sought to be allowed to redeem a mortgage he had given for £1,000 to the defendant over the Cassilis station, Gipps Land. He made charges against the defendant of having refused to give him accounts and of having allowed the station to become dilapidated, and of having purchased some of the stock on the station for himself. His Honour held that the complaint as to the dilapida- tions had not been proved, but he made a decree allowing the plaintiff to redeem the mortgage, and directing ac- counts, and reserving the question of costs, although he intimated that his present view was that the defendant should pay the costs. In Dolphin v. Mein the plaintiff also sought to be allowed to redeem a mortgage over some property at Guildford. The defendant admitted the light of the plaintiff to redeem the mortgage, and the decree was made allowing the plaintiff to redeem the mortgage on payment of the debt and interest und coats. It has been arranged that the trial of P. A. C. O'Farrell, on the charge of shooting at Archbishop Goold, shall be commenced on Tuesday next, in the Central Criminal Court. An action was brought in the County Court yesterday by Alexander Wann, of Benalla, gentleman, against James Kennedy, of Mel- bourne, publican, to recover £140, being the value of 1,400 shares in the Little Wonder Q.M. Company, which plaintiff had entrusted to defendant for sale, and which, it was alleged, he had sold. Some evidence was taken in the case, and the parties then con- sented to a verdict for plaintiff for £45. In the Bame court a friendly suit for a decree for the specific performance of a contract for sale of a house and landin Bridge-road, Richmond, »».OB brought by Mre. Sarah Fierce, of Richmond, against Joseph Couaene, of Rich- mond, labourer. It appeared that many years ago CouBens settled the house- and land , on IIÍB wife without consideration. She died in 18G9, and Coueens had since sold the pro- perty to the plaintiff. Mr. R. Walsh, who appeared for plaintiff, said it was necessary, in order that a good title could be made out to Mrs. Pierce, the purchaser from Cousens, that a decree for the specific performance of the contract flhould be mado by the Court, It .had been laid down by judges in different cases that if a person made a settlement of that kind without consideration, he could afterwards sell the property mentioned in it. His Honour made a decree for the specific performance of the contract, Mr. Cleverdon yesterday applied to his Honour Judge Noel, in the Insolvent Court, for a release of the estate of John Warren, of Melbourne and Geelong, produce mer- chant. It appeared from an affidavit filed by Warren that his creditors had accepted a composition of 4a. in the £ on their debts, and consented to the estate being taken oat of court. His Honour made the order re- leasing the eBtate. A movement has been started by the United Evangelistic Association for the pur- pose of carrying on more energetically the work of evangelising in the colony. Sub- scriptions are now being invited in aid of this object. The Hon. James Balfour, M.L.C., has promised £500, and the Mayor (Mr. C. J. Ham) £50, on condition that £1,000 be raised. Contributions will be received by the Revi Hy. Wallace, Gore-street, Fitzroy, secretary of the association. Our attention has been drawn to a case de- serving the attention of tho charitable. A poor woman named Mrs. M'Nicol, living at 54 Cecil-street, Fitzroy, has for the last six montha been deaerted by her husband. She bas three young children to support, and ia placed in a position of difficulty by having bad to pawn a sewing-machine, her principal meanB of livelihood, in order to obtain bread and to pay the funeral charges of a fourth child, which died. A few pounds will be sufficient to relieve her necessities, and enable her to return to work. The ac- curacy of these facts is vouched for to us by a gentleman thoroughly conversant with them. WoBhall be happy to receive subscriptions for this case. According to the Southern Cross, arrange- ments are being made for "a Christian con- ference to be held in the Fitzroy Town-ball during the first week of October. This is an effort on the part of the ministers of East Melbourne, Collingwood, Fitzroy, and Carlton to have local gatherings similar to those held recently in the Ruesell-stroet hall. The Revs. H. Macartney, H. Langley, and others from beyond these districts will assist. The Bubject of conference will bo "The fulness of the Holy Ghost," and an appeal will be made to all the congregations in the locality to give up, as far as possible, their week-evening meetings daring the conference »reek, so that all may join in the united services. Inspector Drought stated during the hearing of a case at the City Court yesterday in which a person waa accused of having caused a dis- turbance outside deal's Hotel in Swanston« ' Btreet after midnight on the 14th inst. that it was the intention of the police to make another effort to put a stop to tho existence of such night-housoB in the city. He said that Superintendent Nicolas, since being placed in charge of the city, had issued direc- tions to the police to have Cleat's Hotel and all other licensed places »vin re women of ill fame were known to congregate placed under striot surveillance, and prosecutions insti- tuted in every instance where it was found that the law *W_B not strictly observed. ' Special constables have ia consequence' since . been told off for the duty. ? : The Caulfield Cup promises to create more i ! than au ordinary amount of spéculation, tufa. [ already operations have commenced. No1 withstanding his weight of Oat 91b , Darebu has received plenty of support ever since thi weights made their appearance, and yestorda: he was backed to win several thouaanda a 100 to i and 100 to 5 Sardonyx also me with support, 1,000 to 40 being booked fou: t.mea, and The Assyrian, Santa Cloua, Prattle and others bad friends at 100 to 3 and 100 te 4\. Double event books have been oponed or the Caulfield Guineae and Cap, Baasamo and Hecla being in demand for the former, and Darebin, The Assyrian, Sardonyx, Santo Claus, and Prattle for the latter. The September Kensington-park races take place to day. With fine weather, and au attractive bill of fare, an enjoyable afternoon's aport will be provided. A bicycle tournament, which ia announced to be ander the patronage of His Excellency tbe Governor, will be commenced this after- noon at tbe Exhibition building, A procès sion of members of the metropolitan bicycle clubs, which will probably consist of more than 100 riders, will be formed at tho Burko and Wills monument and go to the building The first day's programme will comprise bicycle parades, short distances, and exhibi- tions of akilful riding, to take place both on the afternoon and evening. On Monday a bicycle competition, which is to extend over six days, will be commenced Mr. Sheridan appeared as King Lear at the Theatre Ro} al last night, before a very large audience, which received many portions of the performance with moBt enthusiastic applause Tho attendances at the theatre during this week have indicated a growing recognition and appreciation of Mr Sheridan's excep- tional ability, This evening "A New Way to Pay Old Debts will be played, Mr. Sheridan sustaining the character of Sir Giles Over- reach. The Opera houoe was filled last night by a sympathetic audience. The only difference between last night a performance and those which have preceded it waa m the third act, wherein Miss Katie Martin performed the solo dance, and waa applauded and recalled The work is Btill announced for repeti- tion. The comedy " Needles and Pins" was re- peated last night at the BIJOU Theatre. To- night " JeameB ' will bo reproduced, This pieco affords Mr. Marshall scope for the manifestation of such varieties of his humour tbat it was one of the most successful pro- ductions during his first season at the BIJOU Theatre. With the exception of Mr. Mar- shall, the cast of the comedy thiB evening will be entirely different from that with which it was originally produced. " Billee Taylor' reached its laat represen- tation at the Princess's Theatre last night For this evening a. revival of "LaFilledu Tambour-Major ' is announced. The distribu- tion of the characters, excepting three,will be new to Melbourne audiences. Mr. W, H Woodfield, a tenor singer, will make his first appearance as Capitaine Robert Mesara H R Harwood and Edwin Kelly will reappear as the Duke Delia Volta and the Tambour-Major respectively, and Mr. Howard Vernon will take the part of Bambini, Miss Nollie Stewart, who formerly appeared as Griolet, will now under- take the more important rôle of Stella ; Miss Docy Stewart will take that of the Duchess , Miss Ida Osborne that of Claudine, Miss Maggie Knight that of Gnolet, and Mrs Edouin Bryer will return to her former cha- racter of the Abbess. Mr. Polk, the American comedian, has recovered from his recent illness, and will make his first appearance at the Princess's Theatre on Saturday the 30th September. The city organist will perform the follow- ing selections on the grand organ thia even- ing, at 8 o'clock -Overture, " Masamelto,1' Auber, adagio from a string quartett, Mozart, opera selection, "Martha," Flotow; march, 'Tatmitza," Sappa, selection, "Stabat Mater," Rossini (a) air, " Cujas animam, (¿>) Bolo and chorus "Inffammatus." Tinale, National Anthem, Subscriptions have been received during tho week by Mr G Coppin, for the endowment fund of the rounders' Cottage at the Old Colomate' Home from -Robert Hamilton, ¿10, Max L Kreitmayer, £2 2a. A concert in aid of St Joseph's Church choir, Sandridge, will be given m the local town-ball on Monday ovotuug Attention is directed to tbe advertisement of a concert m aid of St Joseph s Church, Sandridge, to be held in the local town-hall on Monday next Tbo Very Rev. Prior Butler ia to deliver an address lhe name of the man who jumped into the Yarra and roacued a drowning woman wa erroneously given in /Vie Aigus of yesterday as Mitchil. It should have been Samuel Michael On Monday evening the Rev. Dr Bromby will deliver a lecture, under the auspices of the Australian Health Society, m the As sociation hall, Russell street. The subject ia " The limunctones." lhe bazaar in aid of the parsonage build- ing fund for St George's, Royal park, will bo opened in the Hotham town hall on Satur- day next by the Chief Justice lhe South Yarra Wealoyan Sabbath school anniversary will be held to morrow, and the public meeting on Tuesday lhe anniversary services of the East Mel- bourne Congregational Church Sabbath Behool will be held to morrow. An advertisement notifies that citizen lists for tbe city, from which tho Parliamentary ratepayers' rollB are compiled, can be seen at the offices of the National Registration Society. We are requested to direct attention to an advertisement in which the Rev J J Thorn- ton, of the New Church, replies to somo strictures of the Rev J. Cook. It is notified in our advertising columns that applications for ground bowlers for the Mel- bourne Cricket Club will be received at tbe secretary'a ofhee, Exchange, until half-past 4 p m on Monday, 18th mat An open air temperance meeting, under the auspices of tho Melbourne Total Abstinence Society, will be hold to morrow (Sunday) afternoon, at 3 o clock, on the Queon'e Wharf, when addresses will bo delivered by MeBSrB Wa Dale ond H narria The meeting i\ill bo presided over by Mr, George Hughes lhe first appearance of the Pinafore Min- strels is announced at the Prahran Town hall on Monday night next We have been requested to draw attention to the Langndgo Mutual Permanent Buildtng Society's advertisement in another column, convening the Becond annual meeting for October 17,1882 An attractive programme io announced for this evening's People s Concert in the Tem- perance hall, RuBsell street, the committee having secured the services of the Brothers Mathews They will be assisted by Misa Harvey, Mr. Sherley, and Master Carl Mathews. The orchestra will be under the direction of Mr La Feuillade r We are requested to draw attention to a circular printed in our advertising columns by the Tramway and Omnibus Company, in reply to the report of the Tramway Con- ference committee, to the Mayor's remarks, and to Mr. TitzRibbon's memorandum. A meeting of electors favourable to the return of Mr C J. Ham for the Melbourne Prounce, and willing to act on his committee, will be held on Monday next, at 3 o'clock, at the auction-rooms of Messrs. C. J, and T. Ham, Swanston street. A lecture on " Married Life" will be de livered next Wednesday evening by the Rev. Henry Baker, m the Wesleyan Church at Balaclava. The chair will be taken at 8 o'clock by Mr, Henry Berry. lhe ordinary monthly meeting of tho Tonto Sol-fa Association will be held thia evening in the Young Men's Christian Association rooms, RuBBell-street. 