ENGLISH SKETCHES. [From our London Correspondent,] No. XIX.—The Great Cricket Match. The stern excitement of war and the myriad concernments of life in a great country pre vent here the unbounded enthusiasm with which Australians regard cricket; and so the match on August 28 and 29 between England and Australia was only one of the events of the week, not the event, over which English men talked. Yet this test match aroused extraordinary interest, and probably no con test on an English cricket field during the last ten years has drawn to itself such general comment. You colonials, who get together 100,000 people on your Flemington racecourse, will not think much of the attendance of 20,000 persons at the Kennington Oval on each of the two days cf the match—20,000 out of a city of 4,000,000t But you must not measure English interest by mere attendance. It is only those really con cerned in the game who watch it here, and great numbers of cricketers throughout the country would look for the progress of the match just as eagerly as the few who were present in the flesh. It would be hard to say whether Englishmen or the Colonial Eleven were most astonished at the issue of the match. After the show made by the Aus tralians against the Players and the Gentle men it was confidently expected that the combined team would handle the colonials • much as Sir Garnet "Wolseley is handling Arabi's horde. Knowing English cricketers smiled the sweet smile of complacency as they pointed to W. G. Grace, Hornby, Lucas, and Lyttleton, and drew fanciful nictnres of numerous " spread eagles " mark ing the devastating tracks of well-tried Bar low and trusty Peate. " Oh, yes," said an enthusiastic Englishman to me, "you've seve ral first-rate men; Murdoch and Massie are prime players; hut wait till you see a regular representative team of our best players. It's no use talking—your men may heat the county teams. I'll grant they're better than the counties; but the Australians have not a ghost of a chance against the flower of English cricket." And that is just about what everybody thought, including very probably the ultimate victors them selves. After the match was over and the Australians had brilliantly carried the day with just seven runs to spare, my boastful and typical friend again met me, and with longdrawn face, and what Mark Twain would call a "kinder dazed" look about him, could only shake his head and mutter with Mr. Weller, senior, "Who'd ha' thought it!'' But -there is one eminently satisfactory fea ture about the result of the match apart from the honor due to the Australians for the win ning, and that is the thoroughly "English" way in which people here have taken the thrashing. The deafening roars of shouting and congratulation which assailed the Aus tralians on the ovalat the end of the second day's play; the mad waving of umbrellas and throwing up of hats; the irresistible loud-voiced demands whioh obliged the colo nial team to come out before the pavilion and show themselves—all indicated in sin cerity the courteous English spirit which, setting aside the warmly-held wish that the old country might -win, accorded heartily to the colonial victors the credit due for their splendid play, and rejoiced in seeing the best men conquer. Eor was the kindly greeting and cordial appreciation confined to the cricket field, or the consequence merely of the excited feeling which the remarkably close finish of the game produced. Every where the recognition of Australian merit has been most thorough ; on the oval on the Tuesday afternoon you might have thought that the spectators were all colonials ; next morning you might have imagined that the editorial pens of Eondon, Glasgow, Man" Chester, Birmingham, and Liverpool had been for the nonce guided by Australian hands. Hear the Daily Telegraph—" England has good cause to be proud of her Australian sons. . . Magnificent batting was con fronted by supremely effective bowling. . . We do not grudge the Australians their hard won and brilliantly - obtained triumph. If ever a band of cricketers deserved to win, our stalwart fellow-subjects from the South undoubtedly merited the reward which finally fell to their devoted energy, their untiring patience, their resolute pluck, and their mar vellous skill," We all know, however, that the Telegraph " gushes" a bit. The more re served and stately Standard admits in digni fied tone that " no one who watched the fall of the later English wickets could fairly say that the Australians did not thoroughly Reserve their triumph." Of course I do not mean to suggest that the public and the papers were elate with unmixed congratulation; that would be too much to expect whilst human nature [still controls courtly grace. So the Telegraph just hints that very possibly the result in a second encounter might be, by the chances of cricket, reversed; and the Conservative organ •winds up by confessing that "it is a little mortifying to English pride to have to admit this defeat so soon after having had to lower colors to the colonials in the sculling championship." But the general tone of criticism and remark is eminently indicative of English generosity. Several of the great London dailies gave no less than three columns to the match besides leaders—a concession to Australia such as has never been witnessed here before; no, not by that veritable " oldest inhabitant." Kennington Oval is the particular spot in all England where an enthusiast would choose to play cricket. It is five miles from the " City," but still in the radius of the far. reaching London streets. Lying to the south east it is not far from Clapham and Wands worth ; whilst its only metropolitan rival— "Lord's"—lies away in north-western Lon don, near St. John's Wood. The Surrey Cricket Club keep the "oval" in far better condition and muohsmoother thantheMaryle boneCIub are able to make " Lord's." The "oval" is a large space of perhaps seven acres, which is reached by a short narrow lane from the main road. In the centre of the area is the " oval" proper. As yon enter the ground through the lane the grand stand rises on your left and the pavilion on your right, whilst away across the oval is another stand ; and, moreover, one or two special stands are provided near the pavilion and grand. When there is a large attendance, as on Monday and Tuesday, August 2S and 29, people stand about ten deep around the encircling rope boundary. Then comes a clear space of a dozen feet, perhaps, which is not occupied because you cannot see anything thence save mysterious "back hairs" and the shining beavers which everybody wears in Eng land. Outside this open space arises the " bank," upon the gradually ascending terraces of which spectators to the depth of some sixty or seventy rows are able to glance over the heads of those in front. Thus the facilities for seeing are, like the ad vantages for playing, as near perfection as money and love of the game can make them. When 20,000 persons crowd the " bank" and press around the boundary line, the vast amphitheatre of human beings is striking indeed. On Monday the weather was tolerably fine, but on Tuesday the eccen tricities of the season asserted themselves, and the heavy showers in the morning tested sorely the patience of the crowded spectators and called forth a forest of umbrellas. The smallness of the scores on the first day (Aus tralia 63 and England 101) was attributed to three causes, namely, the extraordinary good bowling, the general feeling of anxiety, and the wetness of the wicket consequent upon the heavy rain of the two previous days. The bowling certainly was magnificent. The Aus tralian was the better, but Barlow and Peate kept the colonists strictly on the defensive all the morning, hardly ever sending a badly directed ball. Barlow in particular took five wickets for 19 runs — the five being Bonnor, Horan, Boyle, Blackham, and Jones. But the champion bowler of the day was Spofforth. The London papers have unanimously revived the " demon" nick name which had almost fallen into disuse during the tour. He got seven wickets for 47 runs, an analysis inferior to Barlow's, truly; but, consider whose wickets Spofforth took—W. G. Grace's, Lyttleton's, O. T. Studd's, and Hornby's, besides Barlow's, Peate's, and TJlyett's. Spofforth bowled in this match quite up to his form of 1878 and 1880\. This season he has been very irregular and really unreliable—occasionally he has seemed to quite lose the cunning of his left wrist, and players have done what they liked with him. But there was no mistake about the splendor of Spofforth's bowling on Monday. His break from the off was perfect and his pace simply terrific, so that Blackham had to stand several yards behind the wicket to receive the passed balls. The brunt of the bowling fell on Spofforth, as Palmer was obliged to stand out of the match under medical advice. He had strained himself badly a fortnight earlier. Had Palmer been Spofforth's vis-a-vis, the English total would probably have been very different, for Palmer's average has often been better than Spofforth's. But Spofforth was a host in himself; one might almost say that he seemed to have been reserving him self throughout the whole tour for this par ticular contest. Grace's fielding at point was a feature of the day; he worked like a machine; but taken altogether, the English fielding was rather wanting and not equal to the colonial, Throughout not a single bats man of either team dared to assume the offensivej the play was a perfectly unique exhibition of skill and patience on both sides. But the excitement of the first day was mere apathy when compared with the en thusiasm on the second. England was 38 runs to the good, and the reputation of the best English cricketers that could possibly be got together was pitted for a decisive struggle against the counter-reputation of a team that had won nineteen and lost only three matches during the tour. By 9 a.m. the oval was crowded,r and the vast mass of people re mained intently gazing on the play all the day (save at luncheon-time), till at a quarter to 6 o'clock the Australians had put out the Englishmen for 77, after having themselves gained the 122 which left them winners by 7 runs. What was said as to the bowling on the first day applies equally to the repeated performances of Spofforth, who again took seven wickets—this time for 14 runs instead of 47. Barlow's bowling, strange to say, utterly collapsed. He bowled thirteen overs without touching a single stump. Myste riously enough he had quite lost the pitch. Peate was even with his previous day's work, and took four wickets for 40 runs; but the English bowling fell off sadly, and altogether six men were put on. The Australian bowlers were exactly the same as on Monday, Garrett and Boyle helping Spofforth, who, however, did the lion's share of the work. ''The match was won by Spofforth andMassie" was the remark handed round amongst cricket ing circles after the English defeat was a fact; "and Lucas lost the match for England" was similarly remarked, in allu sion to Lucas's ill-luck in missing a catch at long-off given by that reckless but brilliant bat, Massie, when he had only got 37 out of his grand total (under such conditions) of 55. The miss was, however, quite pardonable; if the ball had been caught Lucas would have achieved a feat. All day the wicket was vastly in favor of the bowlers, and happily the colonials had a Spofforth to take advan tage of the circumstance. The nicety of cal culation which marked the whole play was well illustrated by an incident in the colonial innings. Murdoch had made a cut and had got 1 for it. Seeing that Hornby was handling the ball, and knowing that Hornby had hurt his arm and could not throw well, the Australian captain calculated that he would have time for a double. But Hornby, quick as thought, tossed the ball to Studd, who threw it in with the usual celerity, and so Murdoch missed his calculation by a couple of seconds, and had his bails removed. The best part of the game—the period when fickle victory hung in the balance, and a single false calculation on either side would have decided the point—was when the Englishmen had raised the score to 65 with a loss of three wickets. They only wanted 20 to win; Lucas and Lyttleton were at the wickets and seemed thoroughly set, whilst Steel, Peate, Studd, Barnes, and Read were yet to go in. What possible chance had the Australians of getting out all these men for less than 20? But quickly Spofforth bowled Lyttleton—thespell was broken. Away went the English wickets one after another. Trembling with over anxiety, man after man went to the wickets, and after a nervous display retired with little credit. Thus at length there were four wickets to fall and 15 runs to be made. But Bead yielded to Spofforth's second balL Then Lucas played a ball into his wicket. Barnes had but time to make 2, and thenPeate—the last man—joined Studd; made 2 by a leg hit and was spread-eagled by Boyle, Studd being not out for a blank. And so the score ended at 77—six English wickets had gone for a paltry 12 runs : six of the best wickets in all England! Spofforth's .irresistible bowling, maintained to the last in grand style, and unaffected by the extreme excitement of such a trying occasion, had, combined with un paralleled nervousness and "funk" on the part of the Englishmen, turned the tables completely and brought about probably the most brilliant victory ever won on an English cricket-field since cricket usurped the place of the old - fashioned tennis as the national British sport. Of the generously enthusiastic way in which the multitude at the oval greeted the plucky Australians I have already spoken ; it but re mains for you colonists to be justly proud 'of your stalwart and skilful sons, and to carry out the prediction of one of the great London dailies that "Australia will receive her cricketers with open arms." Of the details of the match your cricketing reporter will duly tell you. I, as a South Australian, feel no small pride in chronicling in less technical words a feat illustrious in the newly-opened yet fast growing annals of Australian sport. 