Notes on Current Events. At last Tuesday's sitting of the Licensing Bench a decision was arrived at which seems to be altogether contrary to the intentions of the new Actl A Mr3. Cooper held a license for a snlall house in Petersham, which did not anything like come nn'to the requirements of the present law. Not being able to come to terms with the ow^er fior the necessary improvements, Mrs. Cooper purchased a block of land close by, and greeted a new house of ample dimensions, furnishing the same throughout in a very ela borate.manner, and in fact rendering it Vhat'all public houses are supposed to be— ahotisefor the accommodation of the public. It was not, how ever, completed by the end of June, and at the annual licensing meeting then teld she applied, under . some mistaken advice, for an extension of her then license for improvements, with the intention or getting a removal as soon as the new building opposite was ready for occupation. When the time came the Bench refused the application for a removal, on the ground that they had been misled, as the extension was not for improvements at all, but to enable the applicant to go into another build ing altogether. Mrs. Cooper thereupon aban doned the old place, the license of which, was cancelled, and having waited the necessary time put in her application fora new license, which was supported by a large number of local residents, some of them occupying influential positions; but opposed by the police, as not being required^ The Bench refused the applica tion, and the unfortunate widow, who has laid out something like .£2000 in endeavouring to provide a really respectable hotel, is left to ponder on the mysteries of the Act which allows hundreds of places that are merely drinking houses to exist in close proximity to one another, while she is refused a license for a house at least 600 yards from any other licensed establishment, and provided with every convenience for travel lers or others requiring really first-class accom modation. We understand the case is to be brought before the Minister for Justice, and it is certainly one to which he might give careful attention. The upsetting. of a dray loaded with wool in Erslrine-street, although by singular good fortune it was not attended with iniury to life or limb, ought to show the Metropolitan Transit Commis sioners how necessary it is to adopt measures for regulating the heavy as well as the light traffic cf the streets. No one can see the way in. which, it is usual to load two-wheeled drays with wool and hay without feeling how slight a cause might cause them to overturn, and how great is the danger to life and limb which, may at any time result from such on accident. The narrowness of the base on which these mountainous loads are supported — consisting as it does of a pair of wheels on which the load is balanced, and the back of a horse on which the shafts are supported — creates a ;constant peril. If, in ascending some of the steep streets leading up from Darling Harbour, the load should slip back ever so little the ehaf t horse is lifted off ? his feet, and the dray slips back down the hill until it meets some obstruction — in the particular case, in question it was the kerb— -and the whole concern is upset. All this might easily be avoided by proper regulatibns,which need not be oppressive. They need not weigh half so heavily as the prohibition against' trotting over cros sings. The height of loads should be limited ; and not only the height, but the position of the centre of gravity should be fixed, and the regu lations should be so framed as to favour four wheeled vehicles. Of a truth athleticism is at present about the most paying game in sunny Australia. As a nation, we may be said to ' go for' brawn. We are, in faot, too prone to worship muscular Christianity. On this curious continent a Hilo is the 'cynosure of neighbouring eyea?' but, as a rule, a scholar, even although en dowed with all the philosophy of Plato, added to the divine Homeric afflatus, has to retire into the vulgar crowd — is compelled, indeed, to take a very back seat among the ob scure groundlings in the pit. How joyfully do we banquet our tip-top cricketers, and what an eager alacrity have we ever shown to subsidise our champion oarsmen ! A bruised footballer, a prize pngilist, and a swift 'sprinter ' are our very idols; while a philosopher or a poet hasn't the slightest ghost of a snow. We actually grovel before' a beautiful biceps, and disdainfully neglect the ' mind which make the body rich.' Tins adora tion of muscle at the expense of intellect is a funny phase of Australian civilisation. It must, generally, be deprecated and deplored; and yet it isn't without its redeeming features. .Ex: uno disce omnes. Our cricketers are on their way back from the old country, big with, achieve ment, and — so a telegram tells us — with £1000 each in their pockets. They've won ' golden ' opinions in two senses. They've thrashed John Bull at his own national game, and, what's of far greater import, they've advertised Australia as no ambassadors, immigration lecturers, or Prime Ministers ever did before. Australia and the Australians are now understood and appreciated by our British cousins, who are slowly but surely acknowledging the fact that there is growing' in the southern seas a nation '.which, in the days to come, is destined to play no unimportant part in the world's history. That our conquering cricketers will be right royally welcomed back, goes without saying. The boys deserve and will receive the heartiest recognition at the hands of their fellow cornstalks ; but don't let us prolong the enter tainment, or relapse into the old habit of semi deification. The one-half of the ancient aphor ism — rivens sana in corpore sano has been observed to the letter. It's about time we made an attempt to fulfil the other part of the proverb in as thoroughly happy a manner. News comes of another piece of carelessness by which two fine vessels were nearly being sent to the bottom with the loss of all on board. Some seven days ago we published a telegraphic account of the collision between the barque G-lenroy and the steamship Peshawur, and now from advices received from Adelaide, we hear that a Court of Inquiry has been held, the evidence given at which goes to show that Cap tain Barker, of the P. and O. Company, is com pletely free from blame, while the captain of the Glenroyis to have his certificate suspended for six months. We suppose that this is regarded as asomewhatseriouspunishinent, and surely it ought to be a serious one to restrain such recklessness as this which in the present case might have sent no less than 700 souls to the bottom. One vessel carried 800, the other 400 persons, and the colli sion occurred at night, but luckily for all parties concerned the hole made in the side of the steamer was just above instead of below the water line. Had it been only a few feet lower the loss of life must have been terrible. For us who travel, or have friends travelling at sea, it is by no means pleasant to learntoat the practice of sailing without lights is becoming extremely common, and that either from carelessness, or from a wish to economise in small things, the captains of these sailing vessels have acquired the habit of never putting up the ligths when once they are well away from land and out of the usual track of the ocean steamers. This .habit is a very dangerous one, and by the severity of the punishments inflicted for it, captains ought to be taught that it is not a safe one to persevere in. That was strong language which Mr. Gr.'H. Eeid used in characterising the action of the Lands Department with regard to mineral condi tional purchase. Such -' direct, impudent, and ignorant contradiction of the law' is not, how ever, to be wondered at. It is not half as sur prising as the assertionof the Secretary for Lands that 'political influence would have no weight with him.' Political influence is the very breath of life to him. Without it he is nothing. Herein lies the secret of our failures in land legislation, and in most other things. We make laws which may be fairly good for their purpose, and we entrust their administration, which often includes* cer tain judicial functions; to a Minister who is essentially the creature of a popular assembly, and -dependent for his power on the favour of its members. How can we expect his divisions to be. impartial? How can we ask him to' forfeit the favour of lue supporters ly refusing to decide in favour of their most iniquitous claims P We do. While we carefully guard the judges of our Supreme Court against corrupt influences we constitute a tribunal presided over by a judge who is more or less dependent for the permanency of hi* office on the favour of -some of the suitors and advocates in his court, and that | court sits with closed doors. That is the char acter of the Lands Office as it is at present con stituted. It is from such a court that we expect justice. Truly we are a peculiar people, for we expect to find superhuman virtue- among our public men, and we wonder when we 'find that they are only human after all. The conduct of the master of the Northampton ?in steering his vessel directly for the land at 'night and in a fog looks even worse after the inquiry than it did before. Out of bis own mouth he is convicted of a degree of foolhardy recklessness that would be incredible on the evi dence of anyone but himself. Whether he was as careful about his observations as he pretends is immaterial. He must have known that the value of those observations depended on the accuracy i of his chronometers, and he admits that those instruments were thoroughly unreliable. ' In spite of that knowledge he took none of the means (by lunar observation or otherwise) which are well known to scientific navigators to ascer tain the amount of their error. This would have been an unimportant matter if Mr. Clare had had the common, prudence to 'keep the lead going,' a ^precaution which would have suggested itself to any man with an average amount of common sense, but which was far too simple and obvious for him. The scandalous disorder and the exhi bitions of craven cowardice which followed the grounding of the Northampton were only a little less disgraceful than the carelessness which caused it — disgraceful alike to the men who shamefully abandoned women and children to their fate, and to the master and officers of the ship . who permitted such conduct. Had the officers been deserving of the confidence reposed in them they could and would have repressed such, conduct. Blow, blow, tbou winter wind ; Tliou art not bo unkind As man's ingratitude. Words like these mipht be fitly applied to the denouement of an incident reported in these columns the other day. Last Thursday night, a man (?), who, by the way, couldn't swim, tried to jump aboard a ferry steamer as she was leaving the wharf. He missed his footing, and fell into the water. Few saw the accident, and it was, therefore, some little time before the steamer could be stopped. The night, it may be men tioned, was dark: as Erebus, and to determine in such circumstances the whereabouts of the sub merged individual — to tell whether he was float ing on the surface or sinking to the ooze at the bottom — would have been about as easy as for one of our legislators to expound to a popular audience that latest Government riddle, the new Land Bill, or for a Sydney alderman to predict the upshot of the Coonanbara scandal. The Cim merian-like waters of Darling Harbour, too, hada most uninviting look. Yet a lad, with that 'true nobility which is exempt from fear,' plunged into the murky brine, risking his life and — what was of some consequence to him — a suit of new broadcloth, to save, as he thought, a fellow-creature from drowning. The youth struck out bravely, and on reaching the wharf found the man clinging to a pile. They were quickly taken on board, looking, for all the world, as sodden as two swagmen after a forty mile tramp in the back blocks on a rainy day. The steamer steamed on her way ; the lad pro ceeded to don the little raiment he had so hastily doffed before jumping into the mud-trough ; and the other fellow slouched up to some of his 'mates' at the far end of the boat, , and entered into a noisy confabulation with them. His next step was to leave the steamer without expressing the slightest acknowledgment to his would-be rescuer. Indeed, he wanted to fight a gentleman who mildly suggested to him the expediency of thanking the lad ; and, despite his air of vir tuous indignation, he did look mean — meaner, we should say, than a Chinaman on the wallaby, or a blackfellow who's just sold his lubra for a glass of rum. The courageous youth who hazarded so much on the mean man's behalf is now probably nursing a bad cold, and weighing his spoiled garments against an act of mistaken philanthropy. Only a few days ago we recorded the fact that but one but of 41 persons rescued from the harbour by Patrick Connolly attended a meeting which had been called to do honour to that hero. Verily, the meaning of the word gratitude appears to be unknown to some people in Sydney. And it isn't surprising, therefore, to hear the remark that a boomerang could be thrown among an ordi nary crowd of our ' cits.' and be made to return to its starting-point without even grazing one of the ' truly grateful.' This seems rather rough, but if looked at in the light of recent events, it's not far off the plain unvarnished truth. 