UNKNOWN FAMILIARS. m S fSATUEDAY BEVIEW.l An Irishman once gave us the interesting I information that ho know some people whom i ho did not know a great deal better than 1 others whom he did. know ; and wo hare often ! thought that thero was a great deal of sense ' in his meaning, if oddly expressed. Wo know : far mora of cortain porsons to whom wo have i nevor spoken, than of others with whom wo have been on speaking terms for many years ; andj we are familiar with, every feature of tho ! faces of some men with wham wo aro un- | acquainted, while we ore scarcely able to ; recognise many of those to whom we have j been introduced ia society. Social pleasures I are by no -means, confined to conversation, and j sociable people undoubtedly derive a.groat deal | of gratification fron the presence- of persons 1 with whom they hold no direct communica- i tioa No reasonable, man can suppose that the. crowds that frequent Hyde Park at the ! height of: the London season congregate together for the sole object of meeting I their frriends and acquaintances. We : have- often observed the keen interest that I people of all ranks take in the proceedings of i those- in positions very different from their ! own, even when they do not know them, nor \- aro ever likely to know them. It is- sufficiently I notorious that little people,. in the social sense i of the word, like- to feast their eyes- on dukes and duohesses,- but it is not so commonly i known that the dukes and duchesses are almost, if not quite, as fond of observing the habits of their social' inferiors. It might be supposed that when great - ladies drive in the park theynever defile their eyes-by looking at any but their compeeressesj Butsuch a supposi tion would be most erroneous. It greatly : amuses them' to Bee "that- woman in the yellow ! bonnet again, " or to remark on the fact that "that horrid old she dragon has more paint on than ever," andit awakens bath their interest and their jealousy to observe the high-stopping horses of an "unknown vulgarity." Great men, too, like to see people whoso lives lie quite apart from their own. They amuse themselves, by noticing the smartness of tho carriages belonging to a man whom they know to have made his money through run ning the Wookade during, the American war, by criticising the awkward seat on horseback of a renowned stock broker, or by observing the airs assumed by the squireons from their own counties who are enjoying a three weoTO London season. Lord Itothbury derives a grim satiBfootion from looking at Sir Bobert Poorshaw. whom ho hears to be living beyond his income ; Captain Branmash daily amuses himself by watching, the equitation of the Bishop of the Plndareoa ; and' Colonel Bullfrog would not enjoy his mornings ride on, his, short-tailed brown cob if- fye woro to miss, Ma chuoklo at tile gorgeous , appearance, of \Qouiit Batancf- mouaki on his lOng-talltd'grey Arab; Much > as 1 those people, enjoy, oach, other's society, none .of them- are, > acquaiatcd ; yot their figures, and focos-aro moro familiar to one another > than t thoso-of their own, brothers, They, meet- every day, and if one of. > them anpoarsiin-a nciw coat ' or on a, different. horse, the others' are, > certain ' to notice it. It might eurpriao many of the. , pooplo- who oomo up > to. London too two or- ,three months. at. this. (rime, of year, it Uiey > were. . told, that a. largo part, of thoir entertainment ia derived from > seeing, persons-withwhom they aro unacquainted; It is almost iinpnssible. > for anyone who has paid regular-visits. to. London lewalbfrom.oneend of > Piccadilly- to the other ; in Mayor Juno, without seeing a groat num ber of > peoplo with whoso nppearaneo he is porfoctly familiar, although he. has > never spoken; to, them in his life. Many of thcu he ho has- " known by > sight," as the phrase goes, since his boyhood, and yet perhaps he may bo > totally ignorant.of their very, names, Somo of thorn ho will, only- havo.- > seen, year- by year,, when, in London.;- otlicrs he will havo seen. in- the > hunting-field, at foreign labkc-d'hblc, or at country balls or race > meotings. But if the unknown familiars of the streets are much to tho > visitor to London, they are much more to the Londoner himself- r indeed wo > aro inclined to think that. the' ore almost essential to the,- happiness of > a cockney. We- own that wo re gard many of them in the light of frionds — > friends that, never bore us If It is true that they never notice us, but. > they are familiar to us, and we are sure that we are familiar- to them ; > and, although no. token of recognition passes between us when we meet, we > feel that there is a sort of undefined mutual understand ing, which, though > undemonstrative,, may- be. taken as an unexpressed salutation. Wo may > imagine they are glad to see us, and we may even indulge tho fancy that they > would liko to know us if they could. If we leave London for a short time, > they are waiting to giro u their tacit welcome on our return ; and- they > never trouble us by inquiries; after the state of health- of onr wives, > children, parents,, brethren or aunts ; nor do they utter truisms about the > weather. Who they are, or. what thoir business is, we know not; but they > Beern to- spend their lives, as far as our experi ence of them can inform > us, in marching to wards an unknown somotiog at. eithor end of Piccadilly. > Wo havo seen them young and wo have seen them old ; we havo watched their > beards growing, their hair grizzling and their noses reddening; Now- and > then one of them, will appear ia deep mourning, and .wo. wonder, whether he > has. lost any one he loved,, or whether he has come In for a largo fortune. > Occasionally one. of them will suddenly be come unusually smarted up. Soon > after wards ho will havo a lady walking with him, and when he is alono ho > will bo- carrying brown paper parcels. Then we know that the, poor man is > married, and iu what, is ap-. patently half-a-dozen months, but is in > reality half a-dozon years, he is aeoompanied by a child or two on his > rambles. Among onr younger unknown street familiars- we some times see > gorgeous scarfs replaced by one or.- . othor of the whito starched neck > coverings by- means of which tho clergy express their various religious > opinions, This reminds us ; that thoro are many ministers of religion among > our unknown familiars, and wv amuse ourselves; by speculations as. to. then- > creeds. and views. Thero. aro some that may be " dear. Dissenting brethren" > or Evan gelical clergymen, o tii era, that may bo Boman Catholic priestB or > Anglicans of advanced' opinions-; while thero aro a few black-coated- and' > white-tied porsons whom wo-helieco- to.bo ptmrsons, but who may possibly, he > stud grooms out of place. There are many publia characters whose faces are > well, known to us, although wo aro not personally acquainted with them. We > are fumilior with their photo graphs, their portraits- in the Boyal Academy, > or their appearances in Parliament, on- tho stage, on public platforms, in > court or in tha pulpih Wo have seen them perform, listened to their > platitudes, criticised their work and perhaps laughed over the outpourings > of their " inmost hearts" in poetry or romance. When wa see them in the > streets, we recognise thorn immediately, and say' " There is So-and-so,'.' > wondering whether their great minds ara brooding over ideas that arc > destined to take the- world by storm, or whether they are medi tating npon > the question of the- oolor of thoir next pair of trousers. If they are past > 60, the chances ore.- that someadmirer has writtentbeis lives, and we may > know, mors-about them than wo do of half our friends ; yet their familial > figures glide post us like ghosts without an sign of recognition; Even iu > society there are people whom we. meet again- and again, and yean aftecvear; > at; drums, ballh and gardes parties, of whose very names-we are ignorant > although wo know every, lino oE, their features. Of other unknown social > familiars wo know the names, the relations; the private histories; the > faults, and the virtues — in fact, all that concerns them, except, tha men > themselves. In clubs,, again,, we have many, familiars whom wo do.not.know, > and, to whom we are unknown. We meet every day, wo sit besido each other in > armchairs, we ' smoke together, we write together,- we-eat and drink > together, yet we never apeak to eaoh, other, and m- all prebae bUity we > nevor shall, even if. we should both live for another, half, century. > Nevertheless, our mutual prosance gives us a sort of unde fined > satisfaction, and we should all instinc- tively-oombine to blackball an > unfamiliar new comer. Itwould be.agreaterrorto suppose that no -real > sympathy, exists: among; unknown familiars. When any of the faces that wq > see so often in. the streets, appear with drawn and' hollow cheeoks, sunken > oyos and pallid complexions, do we fed no pity forthem ? Gan we help > watching thermos they grow moie and more death-like, week after- week, and; > day aftec day ! Ho we. not, observe that thoir appear ance. ia the streets > becomes gradually rarer, aud that, .when they aro seen, their steps ore alow > and weak; that: their cough is bard and short, and that they draw- their > unwonted wraps closer and closer oxound them,? docs it never.Btriko us-ot > lost that for several weeks we- havo not seen. the familiar figure and tliat > they havo probably disappeared for ever as for as we' arc concerned'?' We do > not pretend to say that regrets for the unknown departed are vory deep or > very lasting ; hut uq do maintain that few things, aro more, depress ing- > than an attempt to remember the familiar . figures and faaes of. the > streets, and. ta call theii .. muster-roll.' Tho pleasures of feeling what > we call "at home" in othor plaoos than our own dwellings are greatly owing > -to thefamilisff faces- of people; ta whom wo, may never havo spoken in > our.' lives.. The well known features of -certain, railway officials make us > feel as if, we were among our, own servants; oven at uoEty stations ; tne > fiUM d the English speaking .ommissionnire at Calais rOballs the day on which we put our feet on foreign soil for the first time — now so many yCnis ago ; and the familiar countenances of a general - at Paris, a cardinal at Rome, and a statesman at Madrid remind us of political and social conditions which do not seem likely to return. On tho whole, wo aro inclined to think that moro pleasure is derived from un known familiars' than people generally ima- gino. At any rate, life would be decidedly daller without them ; wo believe that they enlarge our sympathies, and we aro certain that they help to enliven our walks. It is even possible that we may entertain more kindly feelings towards many, of our unknown fami liars than towards our acquaintances, or per haps somo of our very friends themselves. Most people' know certain men whose room is always more welcome than their company ; but tho approach of an unknown familiar is at worst but a matter of indifference. 