ODD NOTES. 1 ' '_- A aOXEMIAK. .&'.'. , (From,?/!* IPtek) Truss 'inembors, of the Assembly resumed thoit-i Parliamentary duties on. luesdaj. as freak -ids: paint, -and --on Wednesday -the Colo^al Treasurer made his budget speech, which\ C(»n be perused at 'length in 'ariotlior partjj.of *, thia, , journal. '.' It shows ,- a very satisfactory stato of 'things generally, but tho best of it is that the general prosperity is entirely dud to the activo efforts of 'the Ministry.. Tho late Earl Beaconsfield, whun plain Mr.. Disraeli, ,onee said that Allison, tho historian, ' wrolo a ' book of twenty- two volumes ;('.' History of Europe ') to prove that Providence was ? alway3 on the side of the Tories. We have people here no doubt ready and willing for an 'adequate consideration' to write a book to prove that Providence is always on tho eido of a- pro squatting : Hvniatry— and who eouid deny it with' the evidence before us ? Is it not a fact that' ' during' the Macalister-Thorn Douglas regime, the colony suffered, in common with all other British' colonies and Great Britain itso.f, from.. a financial crisis, and now the squatters are in power hero tho whole trade of the civilised world has revived and is prosperou* ? Is it not a fact that there was a drought in this part of tho.worldwhi'.ea liberal ilinistry held office which ban broken up since their retirement to the cold shades of Opposition ? I could cite many more such proofs, showing the benefi cent influence of the sauattors when in office, if itj'were necessary, iict! defy anyone to de monstrate that I was wrong.' Kven the stirs, in their' courses, fight' for the squ&'ter*. The previous transit of Venus did not take place until Sir Arthur Palmer's Ministry was firmly established, and the only other transit of tint planet which will take place during the pre sent century is ta come off in a few mora .weeks;' And, us for coineU — why, we never had one worth looking at while the', liberals were in power, but since M'llwraith has been Premier there have been two.beautiful comets, and there will be more yet, without doubt, i£ \u can only maintain his majority long enough. It is all very well to say 'thill these great and striking events are Tnerely accidental coincidences. Anybody can say that, but I should ti\i to see thein pro-e it. J he simplest and easiest way is t-5 accept thent 33 being in sono inscrutable way due to the benign influence of a pro-squatting Min istry in Queensland. 1\ia most noticeable featureof this style of argument is that the politit-al partiz-m? .who claim all the merit of havingi'brought about ? good and desirable natural events are always in a desperate hurry to show how unreasonable it is to hold them in any way responsible for great national calami ties, such as droughts, floods, famine, or pesti lence, or general depression of trade — it is their political opponent? who are always made responsible for iho con^equeiu-ea which follow visitations of this, latter Bind. And mun'.ionuig ;!.- beneficent sway of a Squatting Government in this colony reminds me of the extraordinary amount of high patron age* a wise Provident? bas enabled them to exercise during the threa years and a half that the :. M'llwraith Miiiiitry has been in office. They have had the t.ppointment of two Presi dents of the ' Logvl-.'.Kv?. Council in that short time ; the appointment of the Chief Justice and the two puisne judgf-s of the Supreme Court, three registrars oi that court, and three or four District Court judges, Crown Prosecutor.', r.ni: iviiit vor. In the Legislative Council ibey Irivc b«r. equally fortunate. Tlicy have had tho nomination o£ so many members to the Couiit-ii, alii! hiivu filled them up «; judiciously; thud there is not a ghost of achar.ee for any Liberal inornbc:- of that Chamber to ex ercise, the slighteat influence in tie legislation done, there... Indeed, there are onjy two or three Liberal members left, and no doubt the plaoa will soon be made too' hot to be pleasant to them, and they will resign. I see the Hon. E. I. C. Browne has done so. He 13 one of the oldest of the Liberal members of the Council, land if Mc?srs. Pettigrew, Cowlishaw, and Box could bo induced to follow bis example, arid TV. H. 'Walsh would stick to hi* C3ol.xniues, the Ponmuster-Gentral would be surrounded by a b'anpy family, which would obey orders strictly, and not only render the labours of that chamber very light, but secure the elimination from bills of all objeetionublo clauses which cantankerous followers of the Ministry, or members of the Opposition, may have contrived to gee inserted in committee in the Assembly. And should the squatting party ever.aguiu be in a minority in tho .Issein'oly the advantage of having a Legislative Council com posed almost eielusivsly of pro-squatting mem bers -will bo grc-.t:r lh-:i »ver, a.» they can 'top all bills which are objectionihle to their party in the other brim- hot the icgisl.ture, or amend them -eo as to render tlum non effective. I ennnot blame such members ae the Hon. E. I. 0. Browne for leaving tho Council under such circumstances. AVhat is the u-e of his stopping there to waste his time and injiir* liis health ? And until the Council do something to rqndt'r them unpopular there can be no-reasonable objection to the members of thut'ehamber being all, or nearly all, warm supporters of the ilinistry. It is to the As sembly and not to Hit. Council that the puMic look for their legislation and such control of the administration as it; is possible to exercise. Should tho Council at, anytime became mis chievous Hmi dangerous— -why', moans will have tobedeyUed, by wliich to restrain their mis chiovous nnd ilaayevous toudencics. ItUnp use meeting trouble half way. The', resident's of Sonthport, Coomera, and there/ijjoubj.are ;: rejoicing great!;- :it the proa;' psct.ofjgood: tamps;., for .thorn,, ia .the ,way]of political Favoura -to pave the way for the election of a' squatting memberin tho rootn of. Mr. M'Ee^p, When ihVtimo arrircs. Th- cew can didate is eelecfej, find 'his commenced, 'opera-' tioni A^hfcprttoent lupmher. .fcr,,'tile .Warreuo ha3 resided in the district for some time past, andVeceivod Buch-iicoifragement from.' a huinr ber of the cleclorj that I am assured, on what BeeinB ixcelftnt-' mi0ioti(y,' that ? Mr; M'Lt uu'» cba_b'«sf'6f''r'o-clection are11 ekceedinely small. And they get smaller day .by day1. ''The -only fear .rJei-.that -,. Steven* ',- may not ?, be ablo to keep up the ?. present .interest in his favour until' the di-«o!\itioTi.f The Hon.' the PostmiiBter GeriewlTva^ hc'srdto declare in the plainest of' Angib-Soxpn .th'fc ptl'jor day ,' 'that if Sir: Stevens. tries i ifcjonrhin) J5nui;h;,;ijOra in favour lot ,tbe login.' electors, he ahall- 'just simply, jib 'on . iii, let tfc» consffffaenctfs-: at1 the general eleotif.n be ?what t'(!y, tnaj. ?'; Tt Uirpptced.ia this wise, bo I' have ; been told j, TJifere ft'« tnail ' twW a ' week each, w-'iy. to !orae;.piaci: sir, tho oitrewe SQuthern end of the colony^ and; Stevens, mac?e ..up his mind'rt.'it if -Tle'couI4»acnrB AnotU'Wi,i)ailper weekj i^TOtold'-jB'of eonsldeMblaadvarilugo'to the r6»id«n's, and a service ; which they would apprccwM..,. I'he^tory'g'oej^ that/ 'f UllW ' tliia: idtMt, he formed himself into a deputation of one to tho Po3tma3tor-Gonoral, and having introduced the deputation in proper form, tho deputation statod tho caso to tho Postmaster GoDeral in forciMo but neat and appropriate language. The Postmaster-Qonoral, after lia~ tening to the argumont s brought forward by tho deputation, said it -was all jolly fine to talk about the advantagos to the residents of tho district referred to of three mails a week each way, but tho number of the population and thoj extra cost of suoh » serrico did not justify him in granting the favour aekod. Then ho went on, iu tho usual style of a Minister of tho Crown who wants to wrigglo out of giring a direct promise, to point outto tha deputation tho number of places there were in the colony with a larger population than tho one refe.-r«l to who only had a mail once a week, and yet he did not see his way clear to giro them a twice a week mail. The deputation said that was all blooming fine he dare say, but it did not tell with him. This third mail per week was i wanted, and must be granted. Ho was not going to risk tho loss of his election for a two penny-halfpenny thing like that — or words to that effect, and several more of them. More head also relieved his feelings, after which he grouted the boon asked. It was then he made the observation that he was gettUg pretty full of that sort of thing with the election Iwelto mouths in the distance. Extremes meet. I do not know who made that remark originally, but it is true. You see it demonstrated in all directior.?— if yon will only use your eves and understandings The most noticeable illustration of this truth on a large scale at the p.-escnt iisic w hich I can call to mind is afforded by the Ritualists asd the Salvation Army people. My attention was called to the fact only a day or two ago, by readirg in ft high cWs Kitualist publication, wlist appeared to me an intensely pharisacial notice of the doings of ' General Booth ' and his f allowers. There was :» ' LordIthanktheo that-I-am-not-as-other- nun-ire' tonenbout that notice which stroked me the wrong way of the fur in a very decided manner. My idea of 'Puro religion and undefiled before God and the rather,' is quite different from that entertained by the Salvationists, At the sanw time, look ing at the matter from a purely secular and selfish point of view, and.ss a matter of taste merely, I would sooner hear the peoplo who compese the bulk of Salvation Armies singing Moody and Sankcy's hyinns out of tune to an aceonipnuiment not up to concert pitch, than to ' hear them cursing and sw- aring, or singing smutty songs — wbich, in all probability,, would be the alternative of their mode of spending their leisure time if tho Salva tionists had not caught hold of them For these reasons I am free to confess that whatever exception I might take to the sentiments expressed or- tVte mode in which they conduct their roligious services, it is infinitely preferable to the sort of life these people led before they were what they term 'caught in tho Gospel net' In this light the success of the Salvation Army is a distinct gain to the community, because it must inevitably make its converts better.eitizens for 1he time being — more sober, honest, law abiding, and reputable— whether the change be permanent or only temporary-. One can luugh at. their eccentricities in a good-natured way without thinking tho worse of thenj, so long a3 they are earnest and sincere. But what I wanted to cay was that the extreme ritualists are, above allothers, the persons least justified in casing t-Vc first or tho last stone at the Salvationists for their extravagant and highly emotional conduct in worship. To me the t.-vo lire ou precisely the same level — the two extremes which meet. 1£ it were necessary or desirable to do so, it would be the easiest thing in tho world to prove in' the most conclusive manner that for every glaring extravagance indulged in by the Salva tionists in a rough and coarse manner, an equally glaring and exquisitely ludicrous ex travagance of the abstrusely ajsthotie type could be sheeted home to the Ritualists. The stress laid upon mim-uiillinery, symbols, fads, and fussy outward shows among the extreme Bitualists produces just the same effect upon me as the vagaries of the Salvation Army, and my belief is that there is no essential difference between them, ... 