CORRESPONDENCE. THE: LATEST LIETHOD OP -RE- TEBKCaMBOT AS PRACTISED BY 1 THE' EDUCATION DEPART- MEKT (To 1he- Editor .of the Gippsland Mercury^ Sra,—In your issue of 4th jnst. appears a letter .purporting to be au answer to my former communication on -this subject signed, Peter Long. His, amanuensis, whom I have no difficulty m spotting, althoughhaving, some pretention to scholastic attainments ib wofully deficient in that usSful commodity, common Bense, or he would-not liave attempted to prove black was white. . Throughout all his long letter te haa .failed to bring forward a single; point - to show that there is any pecuniaiy saving in closing the Waterford school and- opening Bulgobaci as a full time school, or that it does not cost more money - to educate -the. lesser mimiber of children.. La fact, the: whole letter its a corroboration of my former one,' whether I stated facts or not; and they still re ; mam to speak for themselves, notivitt standing what the: amanuensis has said to the contrary, and Tahould have been con- tent to leave it at that were it not for some aspersions that he has tried to "cast on me which require confuting- For the information^ of those whom it may concern, I may, state that the -Bcliool at Waterford is as much mine as the one at Bulgoback is Mr- Long's, and I believe cost me as much or more money than Mr Long's," if the reports current are Correct- At "the time the bridge, at" this place was built, there Tras no place for the men to stop I had the material on the ground, and the engineer .ofiered to -put up the house provided I gave the .use, of it for a certam period. • That tune is long past, and the building is my property; so there is no incongruity in that statement. - Concerning the numbers on -fche rolls,, I have only got the teacher's -word as I did not see ihem J but I know this; that I had five children attending .the Waterford school, and for the six months ending 31st December, as far as I am aware not one of them missed a day. Surely the teacher knows or ought to know that, there is a Truant Act and. a truant inspector, and if the children did not -attend,-lie ought to have done lus duty, which he seems to have failed in domg. Gonoernmg my daughter, who hasaqt:. attended .since July, -the amanuensis can. have the reason publicly if he chooses, biifr it- -mH -uot- redound to the credit of the .department..: I. have certainly made a mistake concerning the number of children in the Bulgoback district, as the family with the one boy of the school age ai*e noW arrivalSj of whose piesence I was - not aware until my letter was-'in prrnt I should like to know by what''right the" amanuensis accuses -me of untruth in my remarks concerning school-inspectors. is a very open question, and I .consider; myself quite as good an aaiiiorifcy on ttiese jnatterKaEeiriierlieorhiEpanxiii.*.<)iie,. I believe, has never, been: to school; and' the ot&er; has 3sad lie ghost of an inspect tor-beEore ius eyes all fais-lin^'wlule i Have: seen large public schools m tiife old country quite as well conducted and under quite as good discipline; where--: inspectors ^ trere unknown as any schcibVniiw nnder the management of the EdacakonDepaztment. • 'Whether my assertions -are without facts or not (as he is very fond of saying) there they -stand, and he has not been able to contradict or confute them. I shall leave it to the public to decide. For the untruth of which he has accused me on an open question, I- advise Jnm eidier to prove it or make an apology. Trusting you will excuse the space-I have: to solicit for the insertion of rbis letter that I have been compelled to write, merely, so: vindicate myself from -personal-aspersions, as I consider my - former letter still remains unchallenged.—Sours, &c..; . -...,, "Waterford, 8di Feb , 1882 [We have excised » few lines of ihis letter — A. G TRAILL Ed G MS], 