HOME AND COLONIAL GOSSIP (From our Speaiai Correspondent.); '.. London, Sept. 22. '?. THE GREAT BRITISH VICTORY' !; \ On September 13 at Tel-el,-Kebw sent a thrill of nthusiasm air through ' England^ and on the Continent the congratulations were, on, the whole, thoroughly warm and generous. We. had 'na' doubt ; 'that' our army would beat the Egyptians'; no doubt that -they, would carry' ;Tei-ei-Kebir and orush Arabi whenever the decisive time came. Yet so strong /were the defences of the rebel fortress, and'' so well were they supplied with efficient artillery, that we trembled rather for thb result of the British' attaok, and whilst sure of ultimate success, .still apprehended a temporary repulse'.' '''? Excessive then was the joy when eflriy on the morning of the 13th the myriad,' news-yeridors thronged;, the London streets; with shouts of 'Great British victory |' '? ,' The churches through out the .'.country' offered, thanksgivings for the success of out; arms', 'on:, the ensuing Sundayj. arid now, preparations . are being made for according to the victors most enthusiastic welcome.: ? The British' ad- vanced at 1*30 a.m. 'on thei;13th, and after marching five milesiri- the -darkness stormed the Tel-el-Kebir- trenches in' 'the grey., dawn, cpuntirig , 11^000, in infantry and '2000 in'artillery, .besides' 60;gunsi In;20; minutes the trenches were passed and, the : battle- won* ? ? The^ British with-! held their fire, and charged:.'with fixed baybn.ets,' each, coin pany yieing' .with the remainder, in emulous,, excitement ;;tp... be ^the first at thetrenchesi, iThe :Egyptians sank away before that' fierce ? onset;. - and,1 following the. example of ? ;ArabJ, ; ? whb'h.ad steafiaed , away ;, by,. ;railway| ,'directly ^.the British. reached the tr'ehbhes,r--fled.:'in''ajl directions. ', - The . garrispnV. was^ 20,000 regulars, including 2500 cavalry; 70'gurisj and 6000 Bedouins and irregulars.' 'Thus the British' fouaht one.' against' tff.b'-^but that is no new thing, pn;the glpripusannals ,of British, warfare;; ..- Of Arabi's capture ;at Cairo, together, with the i chief, ofihis staff,: of .the collapse of the rebellion, arid of the! re-establiBhmerit of the.Khedive's power, the cable will hayeltprd.yiDul ''The most important question - of,, nthe. -whole campaign, iis. nowlurider .consideration.! How is the future of Egypt tp.be settled'! .'England'- undertook to, act '' inerety as' thb ;p'plicemari';of','Eurppe,;;andvto.^ .from.Egypt.as'j.spbnajaSjIsh'e^jhad/vb^^'tW sword -restored j order. ;-.and: no doubt .the' ? Gladstone Government will; true'tbtheir pririciplesj 'seek' tbcarfy ', but; 'that line of action. .But; will' the ?,peppl§, of Egypt prove faithful' to' tlie Khedive', or must the force of British arms be availed of to retain for him' supremacy? In that event England, of course, 'cannot withdraw her - fbrces ;:? withdrawal would; mean) anarchy. Happily,, however, there seems to be iw Egypt a general' disposition to obey the Khedive;. ? The Egyptians , are now as profuse in their servile expressions of loyalty to Tewfikas 'they werej.a month ago, 'lbudl in their protestations of ! alle giance to Arabi. We may 'assume,'-then, i that'the native Egyptian mind will favour f tho Khedive arid the British party .; con 'sequently we may. look- hopefully to the task', of ' adjusting the future condition of thecountry. ' Many distinguished English men have conscientiously denounced, bur war againBt Arabi: as being;an attempt to crush, out the germs of a national feeling. They have represented Arabi as s(n un selfish patriot; anxious 'only to freihis country from foreion rule whetheV of\the Turk or; of the, .representatives, of, the: Egyptian bondholders. .. It is, however, now abundantly clear: both' that Arabi is ;.not a patnibt,' andytha't 'the' people dp, not , regard him.-, as such! Their ollegianc'e- to- Arabi has heen the allegiance of fear ;! they have fought againstTe wfik arid the British 'because Arabi threatened to shoot them if they did riot do so; all'over thacouritry now the fellaheen, are, blessing the British deliverers, and many an Egyptian — like 'a 'certain ' pooriwretch of a soldier who, writhing in -his 'death agonies at Telel , Kebir,, , ;was , . .heard cursing Arabi— -now- regard the rebel;; ringleader as the enemy of Egypt. There is no fear.- that in sup pbrting Tewfik we shall be . trampling; under foot Egyptian 'nationalism; Mr. Gladstone's jdeclaratipn that: there' was not a shred of proof of , the ^existence of a real national party,1 in Egypt haB been shown to be fully correct. For the details of the great' 'fight at Tel-el-Kebir readers are referred to. another column. ??? rr -???? THB-.TODIAN; CONTINGENT Behaved nobly, the men fighting, side by .side with our home troops, and with scarcely less enthusiasm and effect. . The brilliant operation at. Tel-el- Kebir has had , most , salutary ; results in India. Nothing captivates .,the - Hindoo mind bo much as, military prow-ess. . The Kinchpos are an obsenvant and wonderfully intelli gent people^, and the ease with whioh we haye^ conquered Arabi has impressed them at a'',inoBt ideslrable juricture'.with the power of the. British arms. The feeling in India over the Egyptian! expedition is, represented as one of cordial co-operation. We have riot .brought unwilling bands of soldiers from. Calcutta, and compelled ,- them to fight for us ; we have rather ?. brought to: ; stand beside us. soldiers, earnest to prove themselves worthy of the 'cpnfidence.plabedin 'therri. This circum. stantse'is even more important to the wel fareof 'ther/Briliish Empire, than is the actual issue of .the. war in Egypt ; we are assured of the ? existence of a reserve ground for the -formation of loyal effective troops as- extensiye 'as, that at the com mand of any, European power. ' '?'? [;' : ; OONTINBNTAIi ?' OPINION. ? ? . , : With the exception of the Italian and the revolutionary French journals, the European Press has . throughout recog riised'the honesty of England's intentions. The most .'influential* Parisian journals have 'abounded 'with good-will towards us,' and with' congratulations to ' our frierids and ..neighbours ; across the Channel.' ' ' At Yienna the news was ra ceived with' open manifestations of ''-joy, and .at,. Berlin' the, only cause which lessened the war mth of .congratulation was a consideration , of tfce smallness of the forces engaged.' .'If,-'. Bays a leading German paper, f we;'praise:the battle of Tel-el-Kebir, ..what words Bhall, we have wherewith; to desciribelSedan and Graye lotte ?'.' 'Other critics seek to detract, from the' credit 'due to our 'troops by a refer ence to the miserable calibre of our oppo nents ';? and Ger'many.'jwho since 1866 has assumed , the ' pbBt , of . g'bh'eral military critic to the world at large, has discovered many errors in our conduct of the cam paigni'' '?'? Iri'Botne'ciuarters hopes are ex pressed that they Bupce'ss of the British operations will riot' 'awaken1 in England,a military , spirit. ?,-?, This hope is most fervently re-echoed in England itself by those -who view with misgivings the. uni iversal enthusiasp rnanifested in the cause of. war. (There is, however, amongst our statesmen no lack of npeace-loiving sober heads, whosewhole energy will.be directed towards maintaining the military power of Englandaa a means of defence and not of aggression.. '-.,?;.:? ?':.'''?''? '?????''?? ,;??',[?„ ,,'? .THE. VIOTOEIA CROSS. ' ..' ' iiByandbyhonourswillbe showered upon ?those' who have borne adistiriguished;.part ? 'in. 'the' Egyptian contest. ;; Meanwhile br'ayery has already been noticed.'' Dujsirig the bombardment .of Alexandria a gumrier on' i thei : Alexandra . was , , below : decks at work when he heard a shout, and rushing upon'. the' main ''(lepk 'saw that a 10-inbh Bphericar;shell7rhad passed through the ship's side 'ari^;!lodg'ed.'.on; the, deok. iSeaing thati the . f use-.-was ..still^burning, 'M'Harding took so me ;-i. water ,from-; an ,'a'djii;ceijt tub' arid:rputf'.6ut'1th'e fire; 'he !'iheri'rtopkjup.;theyshell'arid':.placed it in the tub.' '. FbV'this' gallantry the' Tictbria iOross-has. heen, awarded) f,.:*It. is easy' to i write1 of o this act'as.-one sits -in a, cosy ;ropiii ip''a' comfortable 'chair,' anddt will 'be,^easierjl'8tnrifprVy.pu to4reai|'what'iB written; but think 'for 'aj-iriomerit of ?What was involved in the fhan'dling_,df 'that ?live shell. ,,,*:/ r,;.,' './,,'//- '--\xt-- 'si t!'-.y---- , '' /./ ..THE 'lATE,DBi 'riPtTSBYj'.'i i''v ; .'.,' Whatever may be the opihioris.'held re garding the i . religious ;, .opinions ^ofr- Dr. Pusey, the pure-Mngle-iheaftedneBs.of his life.must beadmjtted. ' -, . ' Convinced as to. the views ' which bear.,- a world-vide re7. nown in' oorineotion'with' hiis'|name^ Df.,' Pusey spared neither, ..time'j, .nor', toil'iti. promulgating ? what,!, his,,,, conscience, approved. For half. a century /at /least, the name of Pusey lias stood forth in -the religious history of, .the time much as;the. name of Cranmer and o£ Laud shone out through the religious cbtfitrdversies. of , the ? 16th/and 17th centuries.;/ In' this era of frejftdpm of. thbught and- :belief jail con-, scientibus effort happily, reoeivjes respect, even from those Whcj i cannot accord to , it adherencej and so. the, admiration f olt for the'.corisistent and ', laborious' life of .Dr.N Pusey will not be leasened by,,any.cpn-. sideratibn of the. precise tendency of. .that effort. Working for 10 pr 12{Kou'rs a day Dr. Pusey to the' last! sustained his repu tation for earn estness f in.: the cause . of which he was 'verily ': the. soul ;,/ and as1 a' man of '82 yjears'set an /example of defihiteness 'of purpose ,, worth, the imitation of younger men.; i.Dr Pusey, djed on Saturday, .Sept.. 16thJ,.at 20 min-. utes past 3 p, m. : , Till aifprtriight ago lie. was busily preparing his Hebrew lectures^ He was, however, attacked once more ,by the nervous . prostration, which - had .'on seveial previous occasions sadly tried' his constitution, already weakened , by., the.' pleurisy, bronchitis, and | lessened action of the1 Hear t^ which /had, assailed him of, late years..;,. Dr.' Pusey deaired that his remains might be buried at Ohriatctiurch, , where he had for 54 years been Professor of Hebrew, and where 43 years ago he had ' laid his wife. In his home life Dr. Pusey , suffered more than is the ordinary lot of mortals ;., hot-alone did he lose the wife whom he mourned, for the rest;of his/life, i but his children also passed away before him, and he, was left to finish' by. himself ? fctar'^earthly course. v His life .has been synonymous with heated ' controversy wherein, from his own point o'£ view, he has been a zealous, and. an able warrior. In the Times of / Sept. '18th, a whole page| is devoted to 'a!,1 careful, review of, Dr. Pusey's most.interesting.career.. -.'.,-,'' , THE -GERMAM: REVIEWS: .'/ Have been continued1 with greatanima^' tion. ? At BreBlan '40,000 regulars' took' part in the manoeuvres. ' 'This is no mere playing at war; ?The'attaok;wasiori'Bres'- lan, and the whole proceedings';. were'oon- ducted with th e utmost': approximation ' to' reality.' '-. Thefarmerk' crPps ;of !p6tatoe9,; wheat, turnips; and clover 'were destroyed1 for miles around 'the city by .the trampling'1 of hoofs 'and feet: ?? ? But'the farmer does - not rnind,':for in the wake \ol- 'the tro6pB; comes the Government valuator,' who' pays the value' of the damage 'done.' -/The chief item in the cost of the Gerriian manoeuvres^ is this compensation. ???? In Germany'every- ? thing gives way to the words --iwar pre parations,' and no; concession is thought too greats for the supremely -'important' aim in view— rthe:efficie'ncy of 'the Ger-' man army.' '? '? ??? . ''?' ?? :'-''' ? ' -: ' '\ ''? ,'MHE ICELAND- FAMINE.' ' !J ' ! No suffering community appeals in vain vto English' ''liberality.!-' 'Just now ;;the: feerd Mayor is collecting' funds for send-' ing food and forage to Iceland ;' about' £2000 has been subscribed',- 'and-- is' now being Heht totheicy north'in the; shape' of bread and meat and hay; Nearly one third of the. live -stock in the! island has perished from cold and hunger, owing to1 the scarcity of. .fodder:and to the^ntebse1 .cold in the latter part of the winter/ which lasted till -JulyJ instead of1 'being over. in April ; and in that month a hurri cane caused vast'damage. All the north em parts .of ilceland1 -are quite ?iriacceB- ? ?sible, the ocean -being frozen, and the sufferings of the people andanimals there must be even more intense : than-in; the' .south'. The 'authorities 'at -Copenhagen1 'have made some little- provision for help to the- Icelanders;. ?'but the 'Call upon' .charity is Very urgent. ' Tasmanian money ?is worth as much^as'Englishr- ''?»''' ?''-'' ?' ' ??'?'' '?'??. Russian ??Airi!iKS:'u:'')'' ', '' './ Are settling do wti. ; ] Russ'ia is now .far : less pertrirbed 'according ,toL outward ap^' pearances than in'Irelarid; -' Tlie' Czar has recently, for :the firBt' time'since/his sue-' cession, gon'evfbrth'/ambtigst-h'is' people unarmed— the occasion being th'e festival/ of his patron sairitj Alexander Nevsky.', The scare about 'Nihilism seems to have' passed away. Like many another; se'nii: national*- movement ? it - hacl!j a 'fierce out-: ibuifet of moderate duration, but1 has now' expended its passion and died into ac quiescence in things as- they are. '?' The existence, of Nihilist ? plots', 'in-1 Russia doubtless gave .rise; to 'very 'hnfair' sur rnisea.aa to the actual general condition of s.the country. sMr. Gladstone i'Here; is guarded.constantly'-by police; when1 he' walks in his. garden1 at. -Ha warden .Castle two constables provided with revolver's: and 20 rounds of ammunition follow him. Yet no .one, would say that -England is in a state of-. social : revolution.1 1 : -These pre- ' cautions have tbibe taken .to' prevent pos sible', danger ;. to the ; Premier, from a few ? Irish-American .Feaiarisi.i sSimilarlyiJ.we may. do great;wrong; to'the-social state 'of. Russia in .thinking that because the Czar's pnlave has/been sufronnded by'ariunder-; ground, moat jto JcheckJiihe undermining^ timtiuls ijof ?NihilifltajWahdk'beo^e1 -his' Majeaty is usually escorted by armed; ipldiers, the pebpiej of Russia, have-neces-. ~ larily whplesalerebellion' jin .their hearts, [nithis connection, it isijworthi noting. that il though Russia is rapidly . . extending hpr,., 'rontier in Central Asia yet she protests, ;hat ho.iniufy is; meant to, English., interr 3sts, and ;that.if .any trouble arises; the rault will not rest with Russia. .. BBITISHAilMY' MARK8MEN. . ;,,. : In tne;telegrams' which' stream . in daily, irpm the' war in Egypt; 'one ,is repeatedly istonish'ed. at noting the Bmall numbers jf those killed . on either .side. The troops ippear . to blaze away almost .harmlessly, ind, altiiough !the.. British shooting is -in-, initely better, than jtfip., Egyptian, it is it'ilj.' Jextremely . ? 'def eetive'.'- ' 8sir.v Samuel Baker/ of 'Albert' Nyangaexplpratipn cele- , brity, points oiit in The Times that if our irp'ops ' are ? ,tp ' ', fee .really effective, steps must be taken \ to . . greatly . improve their shooting ''powers. , The Martini-Henry's ipec'ial .qualities are almost .neutralised in' kheiunskilful han3s of the preae'iat average British' 'soldier^espeeially in the hands' of lie reserves. Sir .Samuel'. suggests that we , should ? adopt , the American plan of bffering, additional tpay .to the. best rifle aliota , ,' in ..a.'.companyj'so,' that a s'trpoger desire to excel, in .judging : distance may be/aroused. . In every American' regiment ;Here is a proportion of ', first-rate shots. The effect' of : accurate rifle shoptingmay be judged from the experience of the Transvaal campaign. The Boers were not soldiers 'at'all'; they had never' been drilled,' but they' were simply accurate shots— every bullet bore' its message. Probably in the- present war not one shot in a hundred on our side kills one of the enemy ; half the number of troops' would do better work if: they were like the Boers in' point of- marksmanship. This aspect of the' military question is attract ing much notice :here.' For you in the colonies it is certainly' most important. You saw what'the Boers did : you will be' wise in imitating 'and in remembering that accurate, shooting' is worth twice as much as careful drilling. ': ? ; : ???'?', . ?fB.ORGI/AKS !' ' ''' ; This is the harvest time of the English burglar. ' Most of the rich folk have left their homes for the summer hblidays.'and. gone to the seaside,' to Scbtlahd, 'Norway, or ' Switzerland, 'and ' consequently the . openings for robbery are numerous. In August arid ; September' 'tlie b'usiness of the Police Courts, 'in this connection always; trebles,' and' tEe newspapers con tain' daily accounts of encounters with housebreakers. Ifjyou- quiet Launo.esto nians ?were,, here, just now you would .not be surprised at the elaborate bars and shutters affixed to doors and windows and' arranged ati night, .as .regularly as. the darkness, comes.: . Lately burglars; have taken to carrying firearms, and . in one encounter recently a'gentleman who was so' inquisitive as to interrupt. a member: of the ':Bill Sykes.iclahjiwas:; actually shot dead.,.- :To .describe a selection of the cases headed,' Encounter with burglars;' would, exhaust available space ;' so I will give 'b'ut , one. .illustration of the interruptions whioh .domestic felicity suffers in old, England.. [Early on a recent morning a gentleman and his wife: : who live near Leicester; iWere, , aroused' by shearing a .burglar ; in their bedroom. . The lady waSifirst, disturbed and: lookirigiover the head of the .bed, saw; a man- creeping on hands and knees toward -the. bedroom ' ^opr., She, aroused, her j^usband, who 'jumped , up, arid rushed after the startled burglar, who ; leapt down the atoirs at a single; bpupdii,; In Ithei sitting-room.. the 'husband. caught.the, fellow. Now a deaper 'aite.i.Btruggle renaued, .and the burglar,, 'being ; a very powerful: manj was getting decidedly the better ofthe-.master of the .house, and had : forced the latter to the ?floor, when the lady, who had gone to the 'kitchen .for., the. poker,. appeared on: the scene, and ;struck . the = burglar heavily across the forehead, following up the blow 'by aj'Stroke i ori.the fellow's skull, which made him insensible. .The police were 'called, and the fellow, who was lying in a Ippol of blood, was removed. The in; truder proved to be aWhitechapel brick layer's labourer! ? He had obtained ingress by pulling: back 'the window catch with .a'piece'of wire pu9hedI: through a; gimlet hole'in the window 'frame. .The burglar had left- his' boots- outside 'the hbiiseand hadfilledhis; po'ckets'with'je'w'elry; which' he-would- have' carried' off, but ? for the 'courageousne's's of the lady.' 'Perhaps' you soe nothing very remarkable1 in a stfuggle with a burglar; but these events are part of our English social life— and prominent ones too.'' ':- ' '?' '! ?'?'?'; '/''''?', -?''''?' I -!.- ? '' 'IRISH AFFAIRS.'',' 'l..n:: i The extent to whiohf fear parhly'aes the administration ;;of; justice 'in Ireland was clearly' shown in a ^ case which' occurred at Kanburk last week. -A shopkeeper named fSheehah wa3 charged with having ? iritimi ?datedone:Thomas:Healey When,' how ever,, HSaley was 'called upon to* give'evi 'd'encein' Court -he: declared' tliat he had nothing to say ?against' Sheehan. Upon being threatened with ?'; imprisonment . for cbntemptof Court, Healey stated that as ihe'was returning from'' Drombghtfair he was met 'by four nien 'amongst whom was Shoehan ; he could not say that they did /anything tb.him, '^as'1 he 'was tipsy' at the .'time/'-; The presiding magistrate' declared ithat he did; Wot' believe H'eaiey's''prese'nt ?'statement,' 'arid' was; : certain! ' that ' he was ?cpmmittini.' '.perjury.',. The7 case wasijis inisaed.' ' ? ' N6w' !; t he' ' 'fact' is'; kno\vni. to 'be ithat-Healey was grossty'thVeatehed-by the, four men; -and- placed in danger of his life, and that, threatening letters had been sent to him. Healey, however, was so frightened; that rather- than expose him self to assassination, he cbmraited perjury' and pretended' that he was tipsy i. In such styles as this are the ; ends of justice con tinually being defeated in Ireland.— The execution, of -,thei young man -.'Francis Hynes, .for the' murder of the; old herd Doloughty, near Limerick, in - July last, took pTnce at Limerick on Sept. 11 . ; The utmost efforts had been' mado throughout Ireland to; prevent the exeoution:;it'was for comments upon this case in the; .JPree man's Journal that Mr. E. D.. Gray,' M.P., was imprisoned by Judge Lawsbn:' Mr. Gladstone has been , personally ap jealed.to to hinder the execution, and memorials 'have been ^poured in upon the. Lord Lieutenant at Dublin^ Castle. The evidence was, however, so clear) if the . depositions of the murdered man were'to be believed, that the sentence ? of the law'could not justly be changed. The only danger in. such acase is leatthe fact of the'terrible prevalence of criine.in Ire land should lead to an undue willingness to trust damnifying evidence in the desire to crush out crime. The execution was so private that not even newspaper corres pondents were admitted. Two thousand persons .assembled outside the gaol and awaited the hoisting of the black flag, which announced , that ' all, was 6ver.: A. strong ' guard 'of ' military war provided, but was riot actively required. When the news of the execution reached Kilrush riiost houses were closed for the day, arid there. were also signs of mourn ing at Eniiistymon. Mil town, Milbay, and Kilkee, whilst at Kildysart'all the shops were. closed at 10 a.m., and at a public meeting a motion of condolence- with. the Hy lies .family was carried. The same course wa3 adopted in many of the towns in County Clare.— The Lord- Lieutenant (Earl Spencer) has been making a tour in the, west 'of Ireland, &nd; ,it is. significant of the improved spirit of the bulk of the people that he has been' everywhere most loyally and everi. enthusiastically wel comed. In many localities bon-fires were. . lighted in honour- 'of nthe Vice- Regal visit, whilst, the; streets were gaily decorated with, flags and bunting. This effusive loyalty; is the more remarkable because it. has in several instances been \- demonstrated in localities where outrage and murder have been : only too comrnon. To understand, the attitude of ?Irishmen, is , very difficult ; from the .proceedings during the Lord Lieutenant's tour, you would, think them the most -; loyal of her Majesty's subjeots, ahd yet the stern aridi horrible, fact. of. frequent outrage stares one in the face, roughly disturbing one'fl hopes of amendment in the feeling of .the country. It is thought ,that the personal, popularity of Lord Sponcer has a good deal . to -do with the satisfactory way, in. which lie has!been welcomed. ; - CRICKET' REFORM. ' In The Times lately a. correspondence has been carried on by cricketers with a view of introducing some system of .play ing matches that shall prevent the draws whieh ' are so frequent and so unsatis factory, and ' which shall also gije both opposing teams equal advantages in point of grbund'arid light.' The first suggestion was that the men of the opposing teams should go in alternately, one couple from each side on thefall'of each wicket. That idea was, however^ ignominiously rejected by all ''the' writers. . A later and moire feasible notion is started by an ' old Har rovian. '? He thinks that as soon as one side has got '100 runs the other players should be allowed to take the wickets arid play until they, have got 100; then the first .players should resume, and so on. ;In, the . event of one innings not being completed on either side, the victory should go to the side that has made 100 with , the. least loss of wickets. Fora one day's : match the plan would certainly answer well; but.in a two or three days' contest some difficulty would arise, ;and the only way to avoid it, would be to arrange that ; the, side which at the cessa-. tion of play had made most runs for the fewest wickets should be considered vic-r tocious. Thus if the first side lost their 19th wiGket whilst the .score stood at 400 and yet eventually made 430, whilst the other side .made 410 for 19 wickets, the latter; would ., be, the winners. Again, if the first Bide .scored 300 for 12 wickets, and the other aide at the. ^time-call had got. 250 for 12 wickets, of . course the former would be the :winners. One great . disadvantage attending the proposed, rule as regards the one day; matches would be 'that a, batsman might probably.be obliged to leave off. playing just as he had j got well set,; but.at any rate the evil ;of draws would be , avoided; , The matter, is receiving so . much ..attention here that' some change m quite .likely. .The., cricket season in England is just over :now so that the club's will, have the 'winter in which to think' about thejmany suggestions made.'. 1, The Englishmen, ,by the-byj are'hugely delighted at the success, of the north of England'team' over, the colonials (defeat by.'lQ wickets), -arid they are' loudly asserting that if ' only the match' 'England y Australia' were to-be,' played'1 bver, agairi^the, result would /be' very'idifferent. 'Perhaps it might, ,and perhaps it mightn't.,' Any way^it is. a .great'cbnijplimerit to the' Australians that tKe English papers' should 'rejoice so heartily over the good fortune that enabled' the' Englishmen to beat the colonials at Manchester/ r The fact is the Australians' depend on Spoffprth', and if he is riot in form they are bound to be beaten. And as I have noted before SpofTorth is very uncertain. ? ' suould auld; acquaintancb ' be for ? ?„ GOT?' , ; Unless my memory greatly deceives me the following particulars' from Tim Times of September 13th will bring Bweet, nnd yet varied, memories to the minds of Borne of the fair sex in Hobart, to Mr. Police Magistrate Tarleton, arid to Host Had ley of the old ' Ship' — memories of a couple'of years ago : — 'At the Ports mouth Police-court Ernest Henry Bailpy, 21, of no fixed abodey late an officer in the' Indian Marine, was brought up on re mand, charged with obtaining money and goods by false pretences. Mr. A. ? JU Emanuel, of the firm of H. M. Emanuel and Son; jewellers, Por'tsea, statud that the prisoner came to his shop on the 28th of August and said he wished to make a present to his uncle. He selected a sot of Btuds and links and a ring set with pearls. While he was selecting these articles he mentioned the names of several of the witness's customers, whom he said ho knew. He added that he was an officer of the Indian Marine, ? and would return to India in th'e Serapis in September. He said that Sir Harry Keppel was his godfather, and that he had not seen' him since he was nine years old, and handed to witness a cheque for £25. ? It was drawn by the prisoner in favour of him self or bearer upon the London branch of the Bank of Australasia. Witness en dorsed it and sent it to the Provincial Bank, whore it was cashed, and witness handed the prisoner the £7 change. In consequence of what the witness heard from other tradesmen, he did not send the goods, and the cheque was returned two clays after wards marked ' no account.' Mr. Thomas George Pleydell, assistant man ager of the National Bank of Australasia, stated that the prisoner had no account at the Leadenhall London branch of the bank and never had one to his knowledge. The cheque was printed 'Melbourne Branch,' but this was altered to 'Leaden- hall Branch.' Detective Swift proved apprehending the priaoner at Torquay on Sunday, the 3rd inst. He received a port manteau containing a number of papers and jewelry fromPolice^constable Slee, of the Devon Constabulary, and the prisoner said they we're his property. Among the papers was a cheque-book on the Austra lasia Bank' aridV loose oheque for £5000. The prisoner's advocate aaid that the cheque'was only rilled up iu fun. The prisoner was forriially committed for trial. He was then charged with obtaining £4 13s Gd and a gold scarf ring from Mr. George Dimmer by false pretences. The priaoner was committed for trial on this charge also.' T._hus do bright stars shine awhile in the social firmament of credu lous Hobart, touch the hearts of impres sionable maidens and the pockets of trust ful landlords, and then flit away to pastures new, where, unfortunately 'for them, the law has sharper talons. More anon. .'-... LITERATURE. One of the most interesting subjects of the day is the attitude of the great Irish Atrierican party towards Great' 'Britain, arid the aims which that attitude indicate. Mr.. P. H. B'agenal, in ' The American Iriah and their influence in Irish politics,' has let in a' flood of light upon a quarter by no means clearly illumined. He sets out with the conviction that the root of the agitations which have distressed Ireland and shakeri England is ' to be found in America, and in the pourse of a lengthy journey in the United States, discovers . the Irish-American settlers to be prosperous, and influential, and in fluenced, 'by, an extraordinary spirit of nationality which manifests itself in a deep-rooted rhatred of' England. Mr. Bagenal believes that the Irish difficulty will never be settled, despite the con cessions made by the Liberal party in the direction of giving the Irishman an interest in the land' he works until this hatred on the' part of the American-Irish is lessened; because so long as that exists so long, will' money come across the Atlantic to support agitators who will always be energetic whilst there is money to be gained by agitating. But why does this hatred so markedly exist in America amongst the Irish classes ? Be cause, says Mr. Bagenal, the Irian who have gone to America have not amalga mated with the American population ; they forrii .a separate community cut'ofl from social intercourse with their follow countrymen of the great Republic ; the Irish in America are as' essentially a class as are the JewB.in England. Thus the ?Irish American,' instead of learning to look on America, as , his home, turns ever back to Ireland ; he remains an ernigrant and an exile, and. his feelings of hatred are aroused against the English Govern ment which, to his distorted imagination, is the cause of -his exile. Accordinglj ,Mr.,Bagenal's book seems to indicate thai the only certairi assurance of Irish tran quility will be the absorption in Americr of the lriah American . olass into tin 'body corporate 'pf the Republic. Thi ^conclusion '/seems reasonable, but cer tairily riot particularly ' cheering to Eng lishinen'.-j-f-Mr. 'Swinburne has issued i new volume of poetry, entitled ' ' Triatran pf'Lyonnesso arid other poems.' Tho mail worth' revives the legends of 'Round table' tirnes, and strikes the ' old yet ever now chorda of lo'vo and hatred, intensified by mysticism, in at tractive fashion. Mr. Swinburne is noted for tho gorg'eousness of his literary ex jrossion, 'and the brillianoy with which he clothes fanoy figures — a ; brilliancy which betrays him not seldom into re dundancy. Many a pretty line starts out from Triatram's page : — ' Love, that ? keeps all tho choir of lives in chime, Love, that is blood in. the, veins of time.' Amoagst the miscellaneous pieces are sonnets upon Oarlyle and George Elliot, and an ode to Athens. But tho last named effort suggests Byron, and Swin burne fades away. — Mr. Edward Jenkins, the noted author of ' Ginx's Babies,' and of several other works that have ' taken' has just issued .'Jobson'3 enemies,' in three volumes. Although the author has scattered his own personal and well-known views throughout the book, it can hardly be said 'that he has twritteri with any definite purpose. The tale is a plain story of men- and wompn as they are ; touches on their flirtations ; « dwells (with perhaps a too gonorul em phasis) on the fleeting nature of ' first loves ;' works upon several exciting tragical situations — and altogether makes a very readable, if now and then a rather coarse volume for lovers of fiction pure and'ai'mple.— Mr.W. H. Mallock has come forward again, this time disconting on ' Social equality.' His main contention is ?'hat inequality in education and in wealth are eminently desirable in a com munity and are the groundwork of civilised progress. Ho inveighs bitterly against democratic doctrines, and places such men as John Bright in tho sumo boat with the wildest French and German Socialists. Although Mr. Mallock's views are often extreme and— judged by Locke's standard — display the effects of prejudice, they are yet interesting and are certainly representative of upper - class English thought. London, Oct. 0. ANQLO-TASMANIAN AITAIRS. The Hobart authorities are apparontly not yot alive to the need of improving the facilities for the representation of Tas manian interests in London. Not a whit more information about tho colony is ob tainable at the Emigration Office in Queen Anne's Gate now than six months ago. The enquirer is still told by the distressed agent that ho has no recent news ; he still has to «o away with in formation dated several years back, and with the general remarks which the agent is after an evidently careful and laborious study able to make. People still send letters by tho score to the Emigration Office, and still obtain most scanty and antatisfactory details. Even in the simple matter of newspapers no change has been made ; yon ask in vain alike for a file of the Examine) or of the Mercury. Every thing goes to prove that tho immigration authorities in your colony are either utterly indifferent to tho charge com mitted to their care, or elso are hope lessly incapable of carrying it out. It is a pity you do not realise this very plain fact. Public officers must bo judged by the results of their actions, and taking that standard tho Board of Immigration at Hobart is daily proving itself to be an utterly effete and useleas institution — capable possibly of good resolves, but moat clearly unable to put them into execution. Why do you not sweep away that farcical Board ? Why not place the control of immigration to Tasmania under ? the direct care of some Minister of the Crown who can be called to account if he neglects his duty ? Your Board authori ties sit with legs under mahogany and chat over immigration, and then disperse. How do I know this 1 One visit to the agent's' office here Vill explain that. If the Board had a ghost of the spirit of energy in their offices, -would the London agent be left utterly lacking the information which is abundantly suppliod to all the other , colonial representatives'? WnUld he have to try to make good the deficiency by patching ? together a work of his own, consisting of letters written by emigrants after arrival in Tasmania, and of scraps of information, gleaned haphazard ? Those who permit this so-called — and falsely so-called — Board of Immigration for Tasmania to injure tho colony in the way they are now doing, and to handicap the London agent so seriously, are them selves guilty:_of a broach of trust — and a most disastrous, breach^ — towards the electors who voted for them a few months ago. The whole thing is simply scandal ous, and it is past -comprehension how you Tasmanians/who need so much the immi grants who would be anxious to go to you if you told them your resources, can stand quietly by and permit the gross carelessness of your immigration authori ties to prevent the means of wealth and development from coming to you. The other day, I- hear, a -well-known local agent for emigration -,at Manchester wrote asking for a couple of hundred pamphlets giving recent details about Tasmanian ' gold, and her mines, and about the un alienated land ; he had 'had many en quiries,- he said, about the colony. ' Well ' 1 what oould your unfortunate agent do ? ' - Echo indeed mockingly answers ' What?' : *.' I'or pity sake make aorao. change, . or else 11 . sliut up your London agenoy altogether , proclaim— '.-Tasmania^f or?: the.Taaman- ; ians,' and lot, the solo ran farcesbe'iended.',. ?The.man who. has during the, jaat six, ? months done twenfy times' more for., the- cause of 'Tastnanian immigration .than, that ; scandalously, incapable;,. Board in, Hpbart, isDr.Benjafield. . , Writing from . Elizabeth-Btroefc to- Jlie Baptist, he, has given most interesting information con cerning your colony— -information -which just suits the? English appetito,v;andi.wilU Wonderfully help to divert, a part of : the : rich emigration -stream towards ; your, shores. , As the proper authorities take . no. interest in the immigration' .question it is to.be hoped that: isome other private.! gentlemen in the colony i, will .lend their aid in disseminatinginformation.hero. in ?V / 'AN OUTSIDE OOMPI.AINT. -: ; ? '?'?'?''' iSince 1 wrote the above I have seen the. following;: newspaper. ' correspondbricb; Mr. j; H. White, I mayriotei/is a very large general emigration'agen't at Grimsby,' : in' Lincolnshire :— ' Tasmania:— To the editor of the Baptist.— Dear'Sirj-^-Such an inquiry for literature re this attractive' colony followed thacbrrespondence (from D'r! Benjafiold) in your' columns ''that I placed myself in communication with the responsible' agents of the Tasmaniari Government as. to the furnishing of primphlets for distribution to enquirers, arid halve received thb subjoined courteous reply. Seeing |how liberally ! other ; ciilo nies distribute pamphlets' of information, it 'is strange that theiTasm'amari ''authori ties of such an in everyway inviting field do not in their own interest do all posaiblo to' make it widely known.'. , To ][ publish the folloWing may, too;, serve to explain , why so little in the way of literature ; can besnpplied to enquirers.''. Printed infbrv' mation it is almost impossible to get.' Humbly yours, John EL White, Oabqrne-~ ' street, Grimsby, Sept/ 25, 1882,' (Copy).' 'Dear sir, — I have ' your letter of/the llith ih'st. We' have noticed the iiloreased^ demand for information relating to Tas mania during the past two years, arid have rejpeatodly . brought ?'. the ;' matter . very, urgently before the Government 'of .the. .colony with a view to their furnishing' us igith- a new and recent official pamphlet or hand-book ' for . distribution,' but we have not been able to; get, them, eyen to move in the matter. . Therefore with .the exception' of 'some 'copies of ' The Times correspondence and' of letters' from immi grants in the polony— a few'of - which I ' send for distribution amongst your. clients — we have really no. printed official in formation to. send out. 1 JThe unfortunate, '' position in which ]jre, ara,'. placed in this, respect by the want of energy op the part of 'Ith'o colonial authorities . , is very , annoy ing to us,,and,I hope.' soon fa. supply of new pamphlets will.'Vbe sent from [the; colony.— I am,' etc.', , Daa'ALp 'Buckler) Secretary Ta'sman'ian GrovernmentEmigra: tio'n' Department 25. Queen /Anne's, Gate, WestminBter,; S. W., SeptV 13, 1882.,. '.To Mr. J. HvWhite, etc.' ,1 will not com ment upon', the above. ^ Tour. Hobart authorities may' do. that, according to their consciences— if they have any, in a public sense; . .. .,,.,- : ? : ? ..?.?.-,?? ? ... ? ? ?' ,' ' ?'-.', ' THEDISOirilNE ',.;' -..-;.\ri^'.\\\ Of .the British soldiers in Egypt has been perfection'. '.'. W.hen , a .large., body ',of men. are ^entirely .'supreme, .'amongst. , a, weak population there, ?ary;strong..1temptations: to ,th'e weak side.^qf human nature' to' ?terrorise' over ... the. vanquished, r Tia British soldier's have, however, behaved mosit creditably.- Early inthu 'war. came telegrams stating that pur men . had been caught looting houses at Ramleh, but ' theseraspersions were speedily proved to be incorrect, and all through the campaign. General Wolseley.has only,liad words, of tha highest commendation for the gallant, fellows under his command. '..'..! When ,;the. General landed .the troops at Ismailia, early in September he, openly', announced to them that as flogging had been abolished the only puriishment.he ' could inflict on them for grave crimes would be. death by, court martial. But no troublehas arisen, and one of the most .permanently, satisfac- tory circumstances' of the campaign ., has been the conduct of bur men. ?, ,. ,,., ,; ,;' U]\ iir. THE EGYPTIAJJ.I.OSS1':, ,.; J , f From, all causes' during the war is esti mated rougblyati 5000. It appears that except at Kassassin and Tel-el-Kebir we did not kill mariyof them. All the cannon firing' which went ? on; under General Wood ' at- 'Bamleh appears'^ riot '? to have * : hur't';thekeriem.y; in ? the' least; Safe be- ? hind his entrenchments ; the ' Egyptian : . cavalry watched our 'distant guns; and as calmly- stood put of the way of such shells ? as burst within the ramparts. ?;: 'The main-1 loss tb;the country is the partial destruc tion of ? Alexandria. ?- -This,- ? together ?with indemnities 'to the Europeans whose property was destroyed, will make a bill ofj perhaps £5,000,000 for -Egypt to' pay-r- without counting the- ;; war 'indemnity which England will very properly demand from Egypt. ? The money ' will,1 of ;co'ursej: be »raised'- by 'loan/ and as long as the: British' troops- stay in ? the oount'rythe' credit'of Egypt -will-remain good enough for 'the borrowing of :any reasonable sum. But'in addition special taxes will have to . be 'laid' on? the 'Egyptians. ' One will be called--'the ' ' Arabi' .tax,''iso that the Egyptians who are thus 'touched through; that sensitive part,- the ,pooket, may have ?the- reason of their* paying- brought' vivid to. mind. . It is most' f ortunate ' for 'Egypt ? that'jthe ' war was ? so promptly closed as the peasants are now enabled to set about thei^farai work 'just in lime to 'secure :next year's crops . . :Had- Tel- eMCebir been : delayed another month :or. so the' crops for next season,, would- have -..been lost',: and: we should. have bad to .face an- alarming famine in Egypt.- ??;/./!'?? n-^: ?, '? -ion -? :?-'? ?.'..-: .-'. THE KHEDIVE' IN CAIRO. ''' '? The Moslems in Egypt are about the moat- double-faoed' people in creation. A couple of months ago the whole popu lace of Cairo. cursed the name, of Tewfik, and , would probably ,i have ; : torn their Khedive in pieces if: he had not -escaped to Alexandria; But on September, 25 the scene was changed. . Fioklo Egyptian: opinion had veered - round, and now the ' cursing was for. A rat) i . and ,the blessing for Tewfik. The: Cairo streets- .-were! gaily, decorated withlflags,- and triumphal 'arches - bearing in Arabic the words '?'.? A; loyal - welcome' ?, wero prepared, c when , .the Khedive in a-. close -:. carriage- 'passed through the streets of his ancient capital; and entered his palace, General. Wolseley and the Duke of Oonnaught accompany ing him. , Long rows ;of ? British infanbryf lined tho streets 'along which the Khedive drove, and as his Highnessni passed; through the ranks of the big Life Guards, on their grand horses the' long sabres, flashed out a salute.' Guns-fired from the , oitadel, i and : all the. pomp, '.:; pride, and oireumstance of martial 'povrer heralded in the return ? of / the ; once banished, ruler. The Khedive, however,- did : not trust. his seemingly ? , affectionate people. ? He ac knowledged' the .salaams.;very. coldly; and^ sternly, ;and reserved his affability for the British'Gonerals. Some of the Moslems took; in the situation, and one 'was heard 'to, remaok:-r'.The:. Khedive comes baok, like a-. child -in the: arms of its , nurse. '? The whole change of the Cairo sentiment towards the -Khedive .is indeed to' be' found in one icircumstance^-the success ;of -the:, British. .1 The jMdslem. worships, visible, ppwar. J, When he ; thought ? Arabi 'the .master of .the situation ; herwor-i shipped him.; nowhiB loyalty is reserved: for:the new authority; Much. satisfaction 'is felt -at : Oairojhaving been sayled- from the impending 'fato of Alexandria.' Had 'the. forward , march of the- British ? after: Tel- el-Kebiribee_n a few'h6urs,dolayed the' splendid old historical, oity had' surely been givon to1 flames and rapine. ,' - . ! ?-::?'.:??:? THE GRAND REVIEW.' : - '--'j'- ''?;?' . Partly .with , a view of ending , th'e Egyptian. campaign .with -the customary! military, diaplay, 'and partly with a view; of impressing upon the native iriind, the' power of England . and the ? ?authority ; which the. Kh'ediye gains from .pur sup port,' Sir Garnet Wolseley arranged . for a review of the British and Indian troops at Cairo on Saturday, September, 30. The saluting place was, the Abdin Square.' Here' is the, ordinary palace . .of the Khedive ;( here,' ,on. September '9, 188li , Arabi entered Cairo at ,tlie, head of ,4000 'troop's arid enforced -.his '^term's i as ,.,to retention of the Ministry uppri.'the.help-. less Khedive, and from hi8 prison window,, facing, on the Square Arabi could : on.. Saturday, -last .look out., uppri- ? tlio reinstated '. Khedive , and , the British troops, that had ; wrought ' his destriior. tiorii in ' ,15, '. minutes at Tel-el-Kebir. ' So works the irony of fate. -In front of the' Palace was erected a' stand sur mounted by the glorious old Union J ack, arid here the Khedive, surrounded by the British, officera, 'took his. position.; .Pro-, ceedinga bggan at 4-p.m., ,and.during -the, ensuing hour., and a half ? an incessant column, of British, arid Indian soldiers passed by ;r there were 781. officers, 17,226 men, ?4320;h'orses, . and 60 guns.' ...Eirst carne the Royal' Horse, Artillery, then. the .Household Cavalry (the Guards), jtrptted. by on' their enormous-horseB,. their dra.vvn' Babres glittering in the Jsuri;.then followed the Indian, cavalry, next the heavy field, cavalry who took 20.;'minutes.to'gb'by'at'. a brisk trpt ; again the JNTaval; Brigade, , passed amidst a cheer ef ' ,'.' Brayb ! Blue j ackets' ;'.' then appeared the .'.Grenadiers, , Scots, arid Coldstreariis, the. Duke of Idpn- naught near the head...'. .'As rH.Il.H. reached, the ,level'pf: jthe;Khedive he.left. th'e' troops' arid' took ,his '.place with .the staff/of Sir. Garnet , Wolseley. ,' Presently came York, 'Lancaster,, .and Royal IriBh-, Fusiliers, '',,[ again aj company' of the. Engineers, then ', the Highland - Brigade, arid, the second -cheer of ,the 'day ,' is .' ac- cor.ded to- the Black.) Watch, easily, dis:, tiriguiahed by , their; rod plumes —r the ,',' br'av.eat.bf the brave;'', then followed the Sussex, Shropshire, laridStaffordshire Regiment, and , the King!s.'. Royal '.'Rifle , Corps'; ' lastly came the .', Indian' .Coni-' tingerit. The 'mountain! battery'. headed, ??—guns mounted oipLliafdy little animals,; then the Madras Sappers, grim arid stern; then .,the '. Seaforth Highlanders,' most of .whom ' y.ere , in .) ,th at : famous t , Candahar .riiarcli urider ,Gerieral .Roberts'.; .'then riative infantry and Punjanbi's, arid again 'B_elonchi!a in black arid redjun^forms^all with p'olpurs [fluttering '. above .Itheir. gay.-, turbans, .'arid ^carryirig but' their iristruc-'' :tipns to look , towards the Khedi'ye, .jritli so fierce, an intensity' as to , reraind^orir! , lookers'of .the .'famous picture of the Sara:'. ceri's'Head.; The r'.oyie'wialtbgetherwaVa^ 'gre;at; ^success,'; '. let ;ris .hope, the. ' moral ' forceipf! .tlie.^display iri'.tendirig tQ|cbnsbli. date peace .in'Egypt may aid , in 'support1-.. Jing'pur policy'fof ? ,'restprati6ri arid.quietr. ?ness.',';;1;,'; .'iv.j'* ?'';,'??;. |^;.' J,{\',\ \\-:'(.j'''- '??'? ^ S;.-' 'THE jFOTnBE'.pP'jEGYP.T,;':;,,;^. ,.''.. jir . Will, 'of .course^-remainiri Britishjh'ands^'. that is, we shallh'bld. the. country witK.'an' aririy garrison . of 10, 000 men until; Egypt' settles down ' into . what is facetiously called the status qxio ante Arabi. ?? Despite [the! efforts made in -Italy and' France and ? Germany: by a certain Section of poli ticians and papers, at is evident that the settlement, of Egypt will be 'directed by England rather than by Europe-*at least so events now portend. All attempts to excite oh; [the Continent a. jealousy of England seem to have utterly failed to affect; the responsible, body of governing' men.1 England's honesty of purpose' is apparent, 'and that goes 'a long way,- even with the Continentals, suspicious though they, are.. :. The Sultan is showing remark ableBigns of friendliness to England signs which are no doubtpretence; seeing that the bulk of Mohammedan feeling in Turkey i3 olearly anti-English. - ?'?'?' ? ' ?' ' -I- : f-: '-'XHE 'CAIRO' EXPio'siON ' . '' ,' ' ' On Sept; '28 might' easily ,haye . led... .to. a repetition^ of disastrous iestruptiori' as' in Alexandria, .Owing, ' ' it . ' is , , thought,- : to the 'intense; ' heat three, truck loads; of shells at, Cairo railway ..Btation exploded, and thori; several ammunition trains caught . fire, so that' altogether ., .a terrifid outburst occurred. Four English'-, men,, were, killed, . and.' several .?wbunded. The fire ' lasted for .many hours, andi great quantities of 'stores and severalb'uil.dirigs, were consumed, .the loss,' being; about, £400,0,00. . i .Shells arid powder are about tKe most; costly, things ?.out, ,' . By the, severe efforts of the army the conflagration was; stayed. , The Duke, '..of donnaught' worked. ,as; , liiyrd as any. of 'the ,men, put ting his shoulder iHterallyto tlie'wheel jin helping to renioyb the, 'guns out of harm's way. , Inceridiariam was at.first suspected,-., and many arrests were made, ', but . no grounds for suspicion were discovered. ; . ? ABABl's TKIAl '? Illustrates the penalty of failure once more. . 'Arabi has not succoded, /therefore he is a rebel of. the deepest dye. Many a man 'who 'was just as1 muoh '&'? rebel has won laurels iuhdying. : Arabi's fate really rests with the; British Government, and; the trial at Cairo, under the' authority of the Khedivey is of course. only a farco— as indeed is every act ? of authority -which 'TeWBk proposes to exercise. ? The Eng lish barrister; who-is- 'defending Arabi has mbre 'concern probably -in' the case than anybody else — he has his' ; eye' upon the glorious hope.' of' 'a- fat; 'fee !? -Public opinion here protests against the execution of; Arabi. 'Besides, it would be useless in the :cause of Egyptian pacification to exe cute him:- ?'' The. dead return no more '' is, an old' saying.' Aye ; but they do re 'iurn— kill Arabi,' and at once the halo of1 martyrdom will surround him, and invite' discontented riative feeling. 'Let him live,' andhiB very failure willcrushout his in fluence over -the power-worshipping Ori ^ental mind; '-,.;?''';' ''?? ??-'?-' '????? ?? ;?' 1 \ ?.??i.il.--'i OTHE HIGHLANDERS' !- '? ; ''. ?Were *aqre ° puzzles .to the'''Egyptiaris.J .Their 'first'' acquaintance '. 'with; 'British ' ,soldier3;was ? when : the. 'Adiriiral.' landed .ljjs marines ''' arid ,' blue-jackets.' ' These' ^certainly are . quite natural i looking, and ?the Arabs took them as typical of our nation. , But, when;' the; Highlanders .marched through . the, streets, and when in tho. desert at Kassassin, and again at ,Tel7el-Kebir, they gaye^ the Egyptians, a taste of the spirit of tHb',' ScbtB wha hae wi'.W^allace bled,' the natives were dumb fouri'deredl- Theyknew riot' how to describe this rie w: , species ' of . British soldiers— /'Devils '.in petticoats, '.,' Devils with .beards db'wn- tb.^tKeiri knees,' and so forth, were i. amongst, tlie,., opprobrious, yet in, truth' liighly compliirieritary terms, that fellrf rbin Moslem lips. .And worthily have 'pur brother Scots .maintained ? their , reputatibri-^-first in the trenches of Telel Kebir^firptjWherevor danger,, has ' called. ,: ; ': -. 'THE IRISH TROOPS, ': : .. ; Too, have fought with national fierceness and hand iri hand with English and Scotch companions.' ;j No sign of disaffection, no indifference to the success of : tho English arms. It is remarkable that -although Ireland is supposed to be on the borders of revolution, that although, :as Lord Car-; narvon said : the) other -'day,- the Queen's name is never -mentioned in many parts of lrelandbut to be insulted, and England's 'danger. is loudly-1 proclaimed to; be Ire land's opportunity, yet^'whon the actual conflict cariie— when as in Egypt Eng land'had to put 'forth 'her7 strength,' we1 .encounter ^riotliing but . active ? co operation- ;'ori^ the '- part'- of Irish troops, nothing but emulous zeal to 'ber equal'^iri' prowess1 with the Englishmen and Scotch men. Again it is'noteWorthy that during; 'the last month,!1 whilat our 'attention Has' been so absorbed' in -'Egypt,' there -has been much less noise about outrages -in Ireland.' ''Now there cannot have really been- any marked change for the better in the state of Ireland during, that period', and the only conclusion '.to be; drawn- is that we:greatly-magnify the evils which certainly do exist in Ireland by constantly watching arid dwelling upon'them'.'1' ?' 7i ',:'?-,'/ r!-j:'\ TEL;EL-KEBIR. '. , !';'.' ' ''?'?;' 1 ; Latest', returns,, shp.w^ that the actual Iorce'|emplpy,e'd(1on September' 13 ih;the decisive^, battle 'wa3, 12*277.' infantry, 2785 'caviitl^j'V^P'^uuaVf)\and,.214''irieri of 'the ihayal, brigade,. \vith' sikGatling guns.' We. had,.nearly'40,i000,..men\in Egypt, includ-: i^g.the.iridiati'.oontjngent, at the; time of | this . | Battle 1 1 ,^Ke.*rest were, however, 'stationed at, Suez,' Pprt.Saidj Alexandria', , and 'ismailia.; . General Wplseley, could, .of : 'course, have' brought ,a larger number of ' men ' into '' ihe ?' action, V | but ,' he ' ? wisely reckoned th'at, one Englishman. was equal to Jthree or 'four 'Egyptians,' and;; bo' ' keprt' his f orce ' small but . effective, relying, on : courage1 and discipline \riither than' uporil punibers. Of the Egyptian wounded '647, ! ,were taken' charge of by the 'British; ambulances after Tel-el-Kobir and care-: fully ' tended , ? so that 202 ' of ,thom have now been dispatched to their home3.' ! '. ' ? .'. .-.?!;?? ??..' ; -, :-.,!i in,- ?),-?., I THANKSGrVTNG DAY., ; The religiousness which 'pervadesEng lish' national life was plainly demonstrated in- connection with Tel-el^Kebir. . No sooner was the news received in' London that by one, decisive;1 battle the war had' been ended 'than a: spontaneous deriiand/ was' heard for a day of 'thariksgiviiig; On: ^u'nday, September 24,' accordingly special services'1 were held in all the Anglican churches, arid in most 'of the Nonconfor mist chapels. . 'At Westminster | Abbey, Canon Duckworth, Chaplain to the Prince of Wales; preached to' overflowing cbngre-' gations ' from the pulpit whence Stanley arid Charles Kingsley had spoken before him. In' St.- 'Paurs' a ' vast .'concourse, joined in the grateful Te '.'.Disum, and ' an enthusiastic ' sermon was given . by the ReyiR. ' Wh'eler Bush,' M-AJ^of jSt'.' Alph'age, ' London '-Wall. ' The' extreme: wiarmth with which -these ' services were universally carriod'out, and the' references of bur success; to'-' the Divine 'bleasingij furnish a powerful negation to, thpse,Whp; declare that a spirit of materialism' is fast sweeping away English religiousness. ' ' ; ' ' ., AN*. UNPLEASANT AW^KENIir.G'tliV.'/j. V, The good people of Damasous— ancient but. existing' still-r-must have had when; the truth, of ,the, victory, of. Tel-el-Kebir' bocamp known. Tho gross misrepresenta tions which so readily spread ^amongst Orientals , made, the, action of , September 13 a 'great Egyptian victoryi j . Damascus: rejoiced-: and. believed , as ;follows, . viz.,' ' That ithe -Duke of. Oonnaught had been taken, prisoner, and, the ; Queen obliged, to, accept' these terms :^-An indemnity to be' paid to Egypt foy all , the expenses of the war ; the Egyptian .National , Debt :to be altogether cancelled,; the British troops, to leave Egypt with their arms reversed ; Sir Garnet. Wplseley and. Admiral JSoy 'mour 'to be V beheaded ; the; Queen's, daughter to be; given to. Arabi.in mar riage.*',' .!, 'Poor, ', Moslems ?!-.!, Even ,[ that charming little romance pf marriage. pos- sibilities whereof you. gossiped, in yp;ur bazaars,; and boasted, as you sat cross legged amidst your odorous hen-coops arid orange baskets— even that must be taken from you by the. stern cruelty of fact! '.' , ; ,!.,:: .-.,' EGYPTIAN', FIGHTING,,.'.'., -.'. : ? Is decidedly on the long range principle. Some soldiers are .better shots at a long range than at ; a short one ; most of the Egyptians seem , to be, :' in that way ' of ?' training and to: have - given very implicit faith to that ancient and venerable' adage whioh ? saith ;that— !'-He who 'fights and :runs;: away livea to: fight 'another day !'? Of all the wounded, - British only half a dozen or so' have bayonet marks ; all were hurt or killed- by shot or' shell;1' A.'man doesn't need much bravery when his blood is up in war to face a storm of bullets— ? uncertain death hovering arouridiapro bableglory; but it is quite another thing' when cold g'leatning'steel is flashed before your eyes,' and either you or ;your bppb rient must die. uThen a man's1 courage: is tested. TheEgyptiaus never stood against British sabres, after: that moonlight charge ' of n the Life Guards at Kaasasain ; they' 'knew better. Bgt they' are mean1 wretches - —those EgyiptianB — aa two 'instances will' show. ?. A sergeant had passed by a badly wounded Egyptian, not ; hurting; him:1 Directly the Englishman- had' passed^ the1 fellow shot him in the leg. The'English man returned and' battered in the native's head' with the butt end of his guri.; '?'. Again a British officer seeing two badly wounded' ?Egyptians, gave 'them each a' drink of water ; he 'then walked to the: Canal to :- refill his bottle, when one of the wretohes1 shot :h'im-dead 'as ho; was ? atbopirig. - 1 ' 1 sincerely , hope -that' his iufamous1 brains ? were battered out'. too. :i: : i-: !??'??'? ;»? '-' , : ' '?'?' ;'crowning;a 'czkB.;i}i}'jl'i -' ;'::' : Nobody, knows, .exactly, when the pre sent Czar is to be crowned, the ; ceremony haying been postponed, again -and again .on apcount; of ..suspicions, ' of ,.' Nihilist machinations.:' When ithe last Alexander! was crowned .the .festivities lasted a fort-: night,and were,- carried} put, in; th;e_moat, public ..and;- prpfuse;,manner, at ?a;cost,o£ over. ',.£1,000,000 sterling.;,, The present Alexander is afraid-t^make such a show, ,and. probably the great; oeremony 'will -not! be' revived,; ; the... thing.! will. ;be ?.done secretly and cheaply. The ceremony of . .crowning a Russian ? Czar., is very inter esting. The Russians, hay e rip old: oaken chair in which 'Sovereigns., have been in variably crowned; for hundreds, of , : years ,. past, as , we . haye in, Wesliminster; Abbey, ? nor.haye they.anyrqld '.'.crowning stone'; like.ours, whiph was- taken f rom:;Scotland , after, , haying, , seryed\ f pr . .the ..crowning pf Spottish Kings for -j ages, 'and jwhioh , ;pre- , ,.,viously;had been brought ? from , Irelandi whither,. according,; to ;.;tradition, .it .had. been brought froin .Palestine fafter- Jacob had rested. his, head upon it in .sleep,-' -.(0f. which things Canon. Brpwnrigg. will glee;; [fully ;. tell you, more.) j.i When ;a Czar. iB; crowned the ;Emperor: and Empress take, their.seats,' on .thrones. j.iEh'e Archbishops of Moscow and. Noogorod bring forward; the .'? Holy Banner of. Russia;?': the Bpear-: like; head of. which is , believed (by the Russians) to have been made'' out of a piece -of the true Crqaa. , The ^banner as lianded; to~:,the' ^Emperor, after having, been' besprinkled' with holy' w'ater,^who', waves it three times and .then hands it back to the 'Archbishop ]of Moscow. r,A mantle' of 'silver and.' ermine, is then placed dn 'the' 'shoulders fbf the Emperor,', who kneels' :th'o , while; ' Then he stands ujp arid the Bword of ancestral 'John III. is-; girded urjori Mtri, whilst a sceptre is placed in'. his ' ' right ' haridi ' Again 'his ' Majesty ? . * sits down,' and a heavy1 Crown, glittering ,with jewels and' worth 'untold millions of roubles, is placed pri: his headl .Hereupon the Empress' kneels before her husband) . and in that riiost suitable, but extremely' rare, attitude h,as the1 great Crown placed . for an'iristarit upori her;brow, after which the Eiriperor again ''restores it to his 'own head. ' Then ' the 'Eriipress ' receives^la Bmaller crown for herself, and a silver and ermine garment' likewise. ' Next the ' Czar ? is made ' '. the ^Lord's Anointed ': ] thus' :— The Archbishop of 'Moscow, hold-!, ing'a'silyer bow! full of holy oil, in which 'a .fragment' of the; Crown of Thorns' ' has been: iiriinersed,' takes a golden palm ?. branch and, dipping it in the oil, touches with it the CzarV brow-,' eyelids, ear's, lips, and ihe palms of his' hands,' after which the attendants ojjen .the mpnarc'h's vest monts.jin .front' bo that the ' Archbishop can' make' thb; ;sigri'' of, the Cross on his. - chest1 -Then':'the 'clergy ' all prostrate' ' theinselves, '/aiid ' a ' choir ' of 300 voices / makes the cathedral ring again , with ithe grand' ?? strains1 of the Ta\\. peicm. '.'1'0l;her''ce'reriibnies:'!have to; be' gbneHKrough, ' ari'd'a',' 'week later the Imperial couple have to'make a pilgrimage tpthe Holy. City of Kiew and the Cata combs. . Grand; celebrations follow, and political prisoner's 'are usually' released.' At' tlie last coronation the .Emperor de signed to' give' a banquet to 200,000 of his poorer subjects in-Mpscow: arid environs.; . A ? sq'uare ' hiile was covered with tables bearing beef arid bread. But a day before hand;a host of 20,0P0'Moujiks. whW 'mis? took''.;th'e Jsignal' for' 'starting, the feast , rushed . in and made a clean sweep of the whole' affair in less time' 'than it takes oijej iol '; write' about it. For, some ' of thesli details I must own indebtedness to Ttye ' Times'.' 'But , an incciine of £4,000,000 a '; year and absolutely .autocratic power' are riot'pbssessibnB to be envied' in Russia at. any'rate. arid I'questipri whether there is a poor old pauper' down by ' the : Cataract who is so unhappy as the Czar of all the Russias atthis moment. 'The phantom of cruel death hovers, everabout him. ' ? ?? ?:.: i':-: .! . ?:' SAUSAGES.- ?- ? :. ? -? ? The; little- old,' gentleman who brought six halves of trouaer buttons to the pro- ' prietress of ; a, London sausago manufac- ' tory, and had .the melancholy satisfaction of; ascertaining that they, had belonged to the,: good lady's husband, who , had mysteriously v disappeared just before, after. , erecting ., a ,-, patent ', self-feeding, sausage maohinej, made a solemn vow ? never to eat sausages for, breakfast again. At, least so Sam ;Weller said , and so Pickwick has recorded. .vPerhapa some other,- little old . gentleman also— -'' par- ticularly, partial to^sauaages for breakfast' ^ihay have come, -to - a.. like resolution ? more recently. -.Aicertaini Charles Shaw, , owner of a German sausage manufactory - . iri suburban London, rwas last ..week fined £20 with tho alternative,, of, two months' imprisonment': for very; sufficient- reasons.- y One, of ? those npoke-ybur-nose-into-othet^ pepple's-busines3 \ sort of. , folk — an In- I s'pectpr-rchanced : ! to *.{be ? passing the premises, oft Shaw. .Heipeeped through ? a .broken .window,; pane:. and perceived several, men putting lumps of. meat into a tin.' The meat. looked anything but nice, arid the Inspector accordingly .resolved to examine it..! He knocked at the door,, and,: then '?. immediately'! iiapplied his: eye .-.to - ??the!:, broken pane ? again^ just in time to see a man cover up the meat in the; tin with a: quantity of. fat. Admitted,; the* Inspector made straight for the. tin,,, and found that it contained five!:largejiumps: ofhorssflesh, four of : whicWwere partly decomposed; and had apparently .been cut from the carcase of a horse that had. died a natural death. ; In Court the man, Shaw stoutly denied that the meat was horseflesh at, all, or indeed '. ?that horseflesh,., however .'(.sweet,' was ever used on ' his ; premises ; .the meat ? .found in the.^tm .was a-,' little,- black' and ?',''? ,'f riiuggy '/ through riot having been salted on the previous evening'; ?? it -would .have .' been 'rejected by the.riian in' change of the-, , .machine; , But'the, magistrate at Worship- . street, was top;', wary for. : the /veracious. Shiap, /arid. the resiiilVwis. as above..: The- ;? Court's punishment' was. light, butjproba^,! bly'Shaw. may' as^weli'take down hisisiga-. \ board', at ;orice.y ..''? 'n,;- ? -. ; , V--'' : The Emperor of Germany has' founded'- : a medal to/i be, ;conf erred upon couples 'celebrating .their golden or diamond wed- -?'? ding,:not.in need of being. assisted mone-';. tarfly. ,oThe medal, is of ;silver, bearing on v orie side ; the.- effigy of the1 Emperor;, and '?:. Empress, and on th'o;reversea fitting ib-' ?'- scription. . ;'iiv; i- ..,'.';;?.? -;?'(- i'r'f\\!.;! ??-?:??:', ???-.'? '. A most . 'extraordinary arid .unexpected - discovery of ,,a'£100-npte waa made lately; ''. in. the payment. of an:aocount toaBalla rat-produce agent.-- ? A well-knowri grocer in .-transferring, a -number : of ;£l-notes to ..the. agent's iclerk inoluded a JSlOO-note, :bf - '...' ;which the; grocer .waa not cognisant, and ^' ' :its presence was, not discovered until after-' '? he had left the office. The grocer'had re ..ceived the note froin a miner's wife, who was equally oblivious of- the value it repceaentedi1 ,:,?,,; .-? ?.?!;.-?.;.-.?.' ?;? ?' 