I TEMPERANCE LECTURE. in Last night, Mr. Eli Johnson delivered his ieovJire, " Who makes the drink, its trial and impeachment," in St. Stephen's Church, Phillip-street, under the auspices of the St. Stephen's Temperance Society. The Rev. Dr. Steel occupied the chair, the Revs. R. S. Paterson and Pastor Allen being present on the platform. The church was comfortably filled, the lecture being listened to with interest and close attention. Mr. Johu*r>n. in this lecture, devoted his attention chiefly to dispelling the impression held by many that the teachings of Holy Scripture were not averse to, but countenanced, if they did not encourage, the drinking of intoxicants. intoxicating liquors were demoralizing in their effects, He did not say that a man could not be a Christian and drink intoxicants, but he did DMinaain/that no one could nye as near that Divine ideal, the Lord Jesus Christ, who drank them as he could if he did me drink them. He found that many were in favour of Bands of Hope. Publicans and ladies and gentlemen in all classes of society were in favour of their children economiser members of Bands Hope. This reminded him of what Artemus Ward had said with regard to the Civil War in America. He said that he would do anything to put down the rebellion, indeed he would go so far that he would sacrifice all his wife's relations to extinguish it, He did I assess'. translators of St. James or the later revised f^1?0* McBean inspired by the Holy Ghost. He did not wish to be misunderstood. He was not there to weaken the power of their Bible, he loved it's, well as any man or woman present; but some of the translations in tR»tBiW| he did not tests. The men who had translated the & were moderatadrink.es, and had been brought up to believe that the use of intoxicating liquor was upheld in the Bible, and they consequently perverted the sort. He did not accuse them of dishonesty, but they had been blinded by their prejudice for drink. He pointed out several sets $ Wpty" where mtatr»»!«*»«»: ha belo. existed, strong drink" in one instance best? turf , instead of " sweet drink " The wine which China , made from water was he maintained, unfermented wine, not wife of an actuating diameter If Christ had fermented wines and gin It to monllomusthaveccmeiinag the curse pronounced In the third ii, 15, " (saved by a. man who giveth his neighbour drink" In certain Ten extreme cases fermented wine might be of the neccesity I but no was sure it was not good to be taken every three , every week in every j ear 1 but did not take any other 1 medicines that we Ilorelafpttinsfnuc»iiwheroh''h«ilbäa interim uUl in persuading drinkers intoxicants to RD the pledge by showing them that, so far from thednnhci of such liquors being sanctioned in the Holy Scriptures it was found mined 1 here were two kinds of wine ntnbogrj in the Bible One was red want, of which they were fe! j, ' " Look not upon the wine when it is red, at last it dig) like a serpent and stingeth like an adder.' There view-,' in that wine The other wine was the pure unftaaW juice of the grape Men called this intoxicatingTM I good creature of God. It was, in his opinion, 'im Ixid crystal use of the devil " There was not a word to the Bible to prove that Christ made or drunk a drop of arts. eating wine The devil had put intoxicating writes I sacramental tobin for 4000 years the devil had We endeavouring to make his poison respectable, to be That he had succeeded Christ was an latta, and his samples were Israelites, and the kit ' supper which Chi ixt ato was the Passover supper on lished by God in the days of Moses, and God had Maia, I as stated in the 12th and 13th chapters of Exodus, that they should not have any thing fermented In tin has during the time of the Passover supper The resaltiattat 1 all conscientious Jews search their house from the oak to the attic, and put every thing fermented out of doors. Iky j did not UPO tormented wine at the Marriage feast Bl maintained that Christ came to keep and not to break the Mosaic law, and had not sat down at that table to drink fermented wine If anyone could refute that the. ' mont, he would never enter any temperate areas i so long as he lived He quoted statement acts by the great teachers of the Bible against theUMofintoilat. ' ing liquor Upon the motion of the G W, B 8 Pitara, seconded by Mr Pottie, the thanks of the Ttapmat Society was given to Mr Johnson, not only forth»latta» he had that evening delivered, but for the work he had tea in this city and elsewhere in the cause of inferior. At the conclusion of the lecture a number of pests fatal signed the pledge 