HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. Thursday, June 22. The Speaker took the Chair at 2 o'clock. MAIN ROADS BILL. Mr. BEAN asked—"When hon. members were likely to have the new Main Roads Bill on their files r The CHIEF SECBETABT (Hon. J. C. Bray) replied that he could not fix the date. The different Road Boards had been communicated with, and he thought * "was possible he might be able to lay the measure. ifore the House in about three weeks. INHUMAN TREATMENT OF AN ABORIGINAL. "Mr." WARD asked the Chief Secretary whether his attention had been drawn to a paragraph appear ing in the Advertiser, giving an account of the dis graceful treatment an aboriginal hadjbeen subjected to at Yatina. The paragraph was as follows "The aboriginal who was burned at Yatina is reported upon good authority to have lain in the open air in Mr. Care's back yard since Sunday with out medical attendance. The poor fellow presents a shocking spectacle, the left leg being roasted on the outside from foot to hip, and the inside of the right ankle being in such a horrible condition that Hie marrow is visible. The police received intima tion of the case on Sunday last, but as yet nothing has been done to afford medical or other assistance to the poor wretch. General indignation is ex pressed that such a state of things should exist in a township in which a member of the police force is stationed and upon the premises of a Magistrate." ......10 i;i,„ r,. l.-n... U n,a He would like to know if the Chief Secretary knew whether the statement was correct. If he did .not, he hoped he would make some enquiries on the subject. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray) said he had not had the case brought under his notice beyond having seen the paragraph in the paper. He was very glad the hon. member had drawn attention to the matter, because he would take care to see if it was correct, and, if so, he would endeavour to fix the blame upon the right shoulders. (Hear, hear.) ROAD FROM CRAFERS TO BEEAIR. Mr. SYMON asked—" Whether, in the proposed new Road Bill, the Government intend to place the road from Cr&fers; to Belair on the schedule of main roads V The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray) replied " The Government do not propose to place the road from Crafers to Relair on the schedule of main roads, the Road Board having declined to recommend it." SALE OF GOVERNMENT FARM. Mr. SYMON asked—" Whether the Government have decided to place Government Farm in such a position that it cannot be disposed of without legislative sanction, and whether they intend, and when, to bring in a Bill for that purpose, or other wise to deal with Government Farm T He had asked the question because the subject referred to was one that had been exciting a good deal of discussion, and a deputation had waited on the Commissioner of Crown Lands regarding it on January 12 last. Tho Commissioner then promised that the subject would he considered by the Government in order that the sale of Government Farm should not take place without the sanction of Parliament. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. A. Catt) replied:—" The Government propose shortly to introduce a Bill to set aside Government Faim for public purposes." He might add that the matter had been brought under his notice some time ago, when very strong reasons were adduced why the Government Farm should be reserved for public purposes ; and feeling the importance of the statements then made the Government had resolved to introduce a Bill to reserve the Farm as soon as AUDIT OF PUBLIC ACCOUNTS BILL. The TREASURER (Hon. L. Glyde) moved— " That he have leave to introduce a Bill for an Act toprovideforthe Audit of the Public Accounts." He moved this resolution in pursuance of the intimation contained in the Governor's Speech on this matter, and also to carry into effect the decision of the Finance Commission on the subject. lie hoped the House would take the motion as formal, as at tho second reading of the Bill he would ex plain the intentions of tne Government. Carried. DISTRICT COUNCILS BILL. Third reading. Mr. SYMON said there had been a unanimity of opinion with regard to the desirability of readjust ing the mode of assessment for District Councils with a view of reaching certain classes who did not cnntiibute their fair share of rates. The third clause dealt with the assessment and principles on which it could be made, and then stated that all vacant land outside the limits of any township should be assessed according to their full estimated annual rental, &c.; There should he some definition as to what was vacant land. He did not understand that a run, or a number of sections used for agricul tural purposes, would come within the definition of vacant land, and tho only property which would come within the strict definition was land utterly waste and unoccupied. He thought if they did not take care a great injustice would be done, but if the difficulty were removed by the definition of vacant laud, then be thought that that provision would work well. He would move the recommittal of clause 3, in order that he might bring in an amendment to carry his views into effect. He would also like to call attention to an injustice that persons owning large properties outside the boun daries of the townships, but within the limits of Dis trict Councilsmightbesubjectedto. Their land might he liable to be assessed according to the estimated annual rental, and that would be an estimated annual rental according to the quality of the soil they occupied. There was plenty of land outside townships not occupied for agricultural purposes, although the Boil might be good enough in quality. The owners might be liable to be assessed at 2\ or 5 per cent, upon the agricultural value of the land, whereas the assessment ought only to be according to the value of the land for the purpose for which it was used. He thought that was a just principle to go upon. He called attention to that point with a hope that the matter would be properly adjusted when the Bill was before the Legislative Council. Mr. PLAYFORD failed to see the point raised by the hon. member with regard to the vacant lands which he desired to have defined. The Bill was very clear upon the matter. (Mr. Symon—'"What is vacant land ?') Vacant land was unoccupied land, and the principle set forth in the Bill was similar to that in the old District Councils Act. The pro visions in that measure had been in operation for years, and no difficulty had ever arisen regarding them. He did not think, either, that there was any need to define what were vacant lands within a township. The same power to assess vacant lands had been in force for years witbin Corporations, and no difficulty had ever arisen as to the meaning of the Act on the matter. He trusted the hon. member would not press bis amendment. Mr. KINGSTON considered that Mr. Playford was wrong with regard to the District Councils Act, because there was no mention in it of vacant land. He referred the hon. member to clause 121 of the District Councils Act of 1870. He quite agreed with the hon. member for the Sturt tliat there was a necessity that there should be a definition of the term "vacant land, and the House ought to thank the hon. member for having drawn attention to the omission. If the Bill were pwsed in its present form it wonld contain no principle as to how lands outside the limits of townships not built upon, but used for pastoral or agricultural purposes, but which were undoubtedly occupied, should be assessed. (Hear, hear.) He trusted the Government would look into the matter. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN BANDS (Horn A. Catt), in replying to the remarks of the last speaker, sard that he considered the wording of the clause was sufficiently clear to be comprehended by any one of common sense. The clause read—"As to any building, and all land that may be occupied therewith, wherever situate." and "all vacant land situated outside^the limits of any township," iollowed as a natural sequence, though if the word " vacant" were left out the sense of the clause would not be interfered with, while made a little clearer. (Hear, hear.) He had no doubt, however, that all hon. members understood the meaning of the clause. (Mr. Symon—" That is argument, not statement. ) Every person had a perfect right and privilege to appeal against his assessment, and he certainly thought the clause as printed would meet all the circumstances of the case. It was in accordance with the Municipal Corpora, turns Act, and would meet the necessities put forward by the deputation which waited upon him from the Chairmen of District Councils, and he trusted the Bill would not be imperilled by any amend* meats, or probably it could not be brought into operation tnis year. Mr. FURNER—In the endeavour to make this clause clear, as the hen. member tor start had pointed out, somewhat mistifying terms had been adopted. It seemed la 1dm that unbuilt-on land outside of a township was to be rated in the same way as that occupied or not, and therefore he did not understand the use of the introduction of the word "vacant," as he understood the purport of the Actio be to rate ail land outside towns on a uniform basis, whether built upon or not. • said that there were no sbeepruns in the terntory of the District Councils to come under the head of vacant lands, as they would-be bound'to be built upon, and he would be sorry to see any amendment made in the District Councils Act doing away with its simplicity. It had worked well hitherto, and the fact of getting the present Bill passed this session would not benefit the Councils at all, because their assessments were nearly completed for this year, in accordance with the recommendation of the Government, who advised them not to delay in the expectation of getting the amendment cairied. (Hear, hear.) He thought it would be wise to withdraw the Bill, and after finding out all the defects in the old Act intro duce one general measure for the guidance of the Councils. (Hear, hear.) By the term vacant land be had always understood unfenced land which was not occupied, and if it were fenced it would not be vacant land, f he old Act gave all the power the Councils wanted for assessment, and the amending Bill was no clearer than it, and only just about on a par with it so far as the definition clause was con cerned. The Hon. J. CARR did not agree with a state ment which had been made that pastoral land was not worth as much as if It were used for agriculture m the Councils' districts, especially in the South Eastern portions of the colony; and so far as some remarks went about striking out "vacant," be thought he was right, but it would be better if the House would agree to pass the Bill, and let the amendment be made in another place. Mr. BBIGET objected to the House sending ud measures to another branch of the Legislature, to have things struck out when hon. members thought the amendment should be made. (Hear, hear. The Hon. J. Carr—" IVe have done it.") If the Bill were passed he did not think the Councils would act upon it this year, and he believed that they already had a definition of vacant land in the old Act. (No.) If it were intended to raise the assess raenta of the District Councils generslly it would, be a mistake, as they were high enough already, and it would be better if the third clause of the Bill were made to refer to lands abutting on townships only where outside lands were in question. He would support the amendment of the hon. member lor blurt. T,he ^jjendment was put and declared lost Mr. SYMON called for a division, which resulted Aye'fO8: yes' 23' Noes> 14 > majority for the 31 e division-list was as foUows Ayes—Messrs. W. H. Beaglehole, W. H. Bean, J. Bosworth, D. Bower, H. E. Bright. F E Bucknall, J. H. Bagster, Hon. J. Colton, Messrs. R. D«> B°n,_ L. L. Burner, IV. Gilbert, J. H. Howe, C. C. Kingston, W. R. Mortlock, H. V. Moyle, S. hewland, W. B. Rounsevell, E. T. Smith, J. L ?tn£^Si\s-Tomkittson'E Noes—The Chief Secretary, the Minister of Edu cation, the Treasurer, Messrs. T. Atkinson, F. Basedow, Hon. J. Carr, Messrs. J. Coles, E. Cooke, W. Haines, G. C. Hawker, T. Johnson, R. Rees. T. (teller) Commissioner of Crown Lands The amendment was carried. In Committee. Clausei 3. Assessments and principles oil which s&m6; to D6 made. Mr. SYMON moved that the word "vacant" "be struck out. .ue The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Brav) admitting that the clause was not artistically drawn' suggested that all the words after "land" in the filth line down to lana* in next line be struck out, as it would do away with verbiage, and come to the same thing as Mr. Symon's amendment. B Mr. SYMON agreed that this would simplify mattere, but it would get rid of one thing which he ^,e Principle of the clause, namely, that buildings and occupied land within the limits of a township were to be accessed on a percentage on the freehold value, and all lauds outside according to the estimated rental for fourteen years „2bei SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray) agreed with the hon. member as to the effect of a11 the words. If a man took a house just outside a township and nineteen acres within they would not be assessed at 5 pwcenToUheto m ^ t wl ' buton.the annual rental, which meant that their assessment would not be increased under the Bill. Xhis was not what was intended, the idea BJ1 ,b?inS that all township land should pay at a certain rate, and all outside on fourteen years annual rental, and he did not think MfwMtw » f .ot'11er .m°de of assessment, •n t WON—Probably the better plan would be to withdraw the clause altogether and consider it again in another shape, as it seemed to prevent peK proposed to be benefited from receiving any benefit The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon J.' C. BrayW In w£,ch fc.Ills wouW arise would be very exl ceptional—perhaps but one in twenty years—and he 3 he amendment was carried, amended, lnotlon tbat tbe c,ause be Passed as The Hon. J, CARR objected to the oeroetuitimi of the system of assessing twenty-acre town blocks ^f lw ^V?re unoccuPted, and merely held for the sake of thei extra value other people'simprovements would SitwiT' 8 Vlrtualiy less than other lands; and with the view of assessing them at 5 per cent, on their freehold value inBteaa of 2J per cent, as pro posed, he would move the oinissionof allUre wordB after freehold" in line 22 down to the SSMr PLAYFORn"6 3 °i Jhe next PaKe. u™ t r« i? pressed the hope that tlie ti not P?6?3 b>s amendment. He Provision in the Corporations • ?, w^?,d 3Ure'y admit that if the provision existed in the Corporations Act it should be allowed to remain in the District Councils Act. The District hplrt'nwtL ?? want to interfere with people who held blocks of land which they used for agricultural Si!?','? rr8' ani,ilf tlle cla,,Ke were amended as pro £tK *tChS"t" «wa« iiiniff i ARR said there was no question that if the clause were passed as it stood it would prove of great advantage to some owners of nro. perty, hut it would be very unjust to others. He tw 5. think that they should follow the terms of fe^-Eorporations Act, but that they should put the r. ' rlg»t'- 8,1(1 alter the other Act afterwards. It was unfair to make distinctions ment,6 Way proposed, and he must press the amend Mr. BOS\\\ ORTII would oppose the amendment and pointed out tbat it would be a great injustice to Kttlf « as8ess7,en-t on the owners of pro perty of little or no value in some townshins in the colony. He thought it would be preferable to reduce the area from twenty to ten,PoferenVe Mr. KINGSTON did not see why the owner of a Jw'ty-acre block of land in a townshin should receive greater consideration than a man who owned ' "■'! be riwupht they would do well to establish a uniform rate for the assessment township lands. He considered, however, that S per cent, was an excessive, rate, and that 2j per cent, would be sufficient. He hoped the Govern ment would look into the matter. Mr. COOKE said the object of making the diffe rence in the assessment was to meet the cases of townships which were nominally laid out and were not built upon; and while he .thought there might he some reason for striking out the provision in the Corporations Act, he did not see that it should he in the District Councils Act. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. A. Catt)saidtheObjectof introducingtwo modes ot assessment was to meet the cases of townships where people had bought land for speculative pur poses and neld it. They benefited by the expendi ture on other property, and also the works carried ont by the District Council, and it was desirable to make them contribute largely to the rates. There were bther cases of townships which had proved failures, and in which the land had fallen into a few hands and was now used for pastoral or agricultural purposes; and it was felt that it would be' unfair to charge these people the same as the owners of valuable allotfnents. He hoped the Honse would support the' claube as it stood. Tne amendmentwas negatived. The clause waspavsed as previously amended, The Bill'was tepotted'ana the consideration of the report was "flxdd for Tdebday next. MARRIAGE BILL. Consideration of report'of Committee. The report was'adopted, and the third reading was fixed lor Tuesday next. CROWN LANDS AMENDMENT BILL. Adjourned debate. Mr. PLAYFORD said that Mr. Henning had an engagement which prevented him from continuing the debate, and he Had asked him to do so. Iu the first place, he thought he might say that he expressed the feelings oif all the members of the House when he said they all exceedingly' deplored the state of things which existed, and sympathized with the farmers and those connected with the farming in terest of "South'Australia, who had suffered so much during thelast two bad seasons. We had had two of the worst seasons almost that had been known in the history of the colony, and in the North particularly' the' farmers had had more than two bad ' seasons. Many of the selectors had been ruined absolutely, and others had been brought to the verge of ruin, and they all wished that the seasons had been more prosperous for them, and that they had reaped at least average harvests. Although he deplored the very bad harvests which had been reaped, he quite agreed with the action of the Government in refusing to dip their hands into the public purse and give the fanners money to buy seed wheat. (Hear, hear.) He knew that there was a considerable amount of feeling shown in the matter, and that a large amount of pressure was brought to bear to make the Government give way, and he thought they deserved great praise for the stand they took, and for Tefusmg to Tecogniso the exceedingly vicious principle of putting their hands into the public purse for the purpose of assisting persons to carry on their usual operations. (Hear, hear.) Theposition of the fanners was this: Through two bad seasons they were not able to buy the necessary seed wheat to sow their land, and they asked the State to come forward and give them seed. If we had once admitted this principle we should never stop. The pastoral lessee who held land from the Government might lose his stock through one or two had seasons, and might with equal propriety come to the Government and ask for money to re stock his land. He could go on multiplying instances, and in any times of distress every class of the community would have the same cry—that they were in distress through no fault of their own, and that the Government must assist them. The principle would have been a most vicious one, and the thanks ot the House were due to the Government for the way in which they had acted. He did not agree with those who had expressed the opinion that the public should not have assisted the farmers, because he thought it was right when one class of the community was in distress for others to assist them out of their abundance; and if the public were willing to assist the farmers he did not think they were dcing wrong, but rather were deserving of every credit. (Hear, hear.) In intro ducing the Bill the Commissioner of Crown Lands alluded to the fact that we had received a larger amount than was expected for the com pletion of purchases. The estimate was £250,000, and the actual receipts amounted to £362,527, or over £100,000 in excess of the estimate. If hon. members would recollect he had had to introduce a land Bill last year, and he also had to refer to the land revenue; and instead of looking favourably upon similar results in connection with the receipts for completion of purchases, he deplored the fact that the amount was so large. The excess of the receipts over the estimate was due to the absolute misfortune of the people; and instead of being able to look upon the fact that the revenue was a large one, and that they were pocketing the money as satisfactory, they had to deplore the fact that the selectors had had to borrow money to complete their purchases in consequence of the bad harvests. Although it was very satisfactory to feel that they had the money in their pockets, if they looked at the cause they would see that the misfortunes of the people had led to the large pay ments made to the State. (No, no.) He was sure he was right. He would look back to the year 1879-80, when the average yield was 9 bushels 47 lb. His estimate of the land revenue for that year was within £100 of the receipts. In 1880-81, when the average was 4 bushels 58 lb., they realized nearly the amount estimated, and he deplored this because he knew the cause. A great many of the selectors had paid part of their purchase-money and had made large improvements, and their property was actually worth more than the amount owed to the Government. They wanted money and they went to the money-lenders, who lent them more than they had to pay the Government, and they completed their purchases and carried on with the balance. (Hear, hear.) It was in consequence of their not reaping good crops that they had paid the Government, and instead of paying the Go vernment 4 per cent, they were now paying the money-lenders 7 per cent, or more. He would take another year—1881-2. The average yield was 4 bushels 34 lb., and they found that the revenue was considerably in excess of the estimate because the distress was considerably in excess of what it had been in previous years. There was no doubt about this, and he deplored the fact that it was the mis fortunes of the selectors that had caused the in crease in the revenue. Ha ventured to say that if the average yield last year had been a fair one the Government would not have realized anything like what they had. (The Commissioner of Crown Lands—" A great deal more.") He agreed with the Commissioner of Crown Lands in what he had said about rain not following the plough. In 186G settle ment had not extended beyond Goyder's line of rainfall except to a very small extent, and in the cases where it did extend be yond the settlers reaped good average crops. For a year or two they did very fairly, and in some instances the yield was in excess of what was reaped on the southern side of the line. The farmers used to say that the rain followed the plough, that as the land was ploughed up it ab sorbed the water which otherwise would have run off it, and that, as the evaporation was equalized, the rainfall increased. Although dubious oil this point, although experience in California did not bear this out, as in 1868 there was a famine in some of the agricultural lands, and the Valley of San Jose had to be abandoned, they had hoped against hope. There was no doubt that certain tracts of country around tho world were subject to periodical droughts, and that they could not depend on jain following the plough. Referring to Goyder's line> ot rainfall, he said that, although the line laid _ down by Mr. Goyder was not in every instance actu&Uy; exact, for all practical purposes it was quite correct. (Hear, hear.) In discussing this Bui they had to consider whether it was possible to deal with all the selectors at once—whether they could deal -with those who had had sncb bad seasons in the North year after year, not two years only, on the same footing as they could deal with those in the South, who had not suffered to anything like the same extent. (Hear, hear.) The Land Bill in main divided itself into three points. The first was that hon. members should consider the case of selectors south of the line of rainfall, who for the last two or three years had had a very poor return, and decide the amount of relief to be granted to them ; the second was to consider the case of those north of the line, who for a series of years had on the average not reaped more than half as much as selectors on the south of the line; and the third point was to consider this broad question, which had been thrust forward during the last few years—" Can the country north of theline of rainfall be occupied profitably under the present land laws; and if not, will hon. mem bers by increasing the area, by decreasing the culti vation, by allowing commonage to be leased in blocks, and by foregoing the interest, help the land to he profitably settled V With reference to selectors south of Goyder's line, he thought that with certain modifications the proposal of the Go vernment to remit the three years' interest where I the crops had been below the averrge fairly met the case. Thenthere were those north of the line, whoBe case the Bill certainly did not meet. In cider to arrive at»just conclusion in reference to them, he would compare the yiedd of several hundreds north and south of the line. It was not very easy to make these comparisons, as the agricul tural returns had been lumped together in such a way that for years past they had made no distinc tion between those north and those' south of the line, and had mixed them in such a way that parts of some of the hundreds given were within and some without the .area, of the lighter rainfall. First of all he would take the hundreds east of the Burra, namely, Mongolata, Baldina, and Bright, which were, lumped together in the earlier returns. In making this comparison hon. members weuld find it useful to refer to the plan he laid on tbg table last year, which was the first one making the distinction between the lands on the two sides of Goyder's line. They would see that the Hundred of Bright was half .within and half without the .lighter rainfall area, and that a good slice of Baldina and a little bit of Mongolata werealso outside,; The average yield in these three hundreds was—In the harvest of .1877-8.6 bushels If lb. per acre; 1878-9,3 bushels; 1870-80, 6'46 bushels. In 1880-1 Mo'ngolata's yield was 2*49; Baldina's, 2*49; and Bright's (half of which was outside the line), 7'12. Tn Illfii.O MnnonlotA'a UTAHiirA WQfi S'97 • Hflldifia'a In 188i-2 Mongolata'n average was 3-27 ; Baldina's, 2*31; and Bright's, 5*3. The average fer the three hundreds for .the five years was only 4 bushels 22 lb., or 21*53 for the term, leaving out Bright during the last two years, and averaging Mongalata and. Baldina for last year. On the south of the line, in.Apoinga, a-.ygjy different tale was told. The yearly averages brace 1877-8 hod been respec tively 9 bushels 19 lb., 8*42, 11*28, 8*7, and 7*14, or an average for (be five years of 8 bushels 67 lb., as against 4 bushels 22 lb. in the three hundreds on tbe other side of the'line,. * So much for the lands east of the Burra. He would now go to the lands north of Adelaide, and compare a few hundreds there. The line of rainfall ran through Blackrock Plain, Pekina, and Booleroo in a curious manner, so as to prevent ally one taking immediately adjoining hundreds for tne comparison. He would take Walloway, as a hundredontside the line,.although there was a corner of it within, and on the south of the line be would take Mannanarie. Taking the last three very bad seasons, the yield in the Hundred of Walloway nad been—in 1879-80,8 bushels; 1880-1, 1 bushel 39 lb.; and in 1881-2, 1 bushel 23 lb., or an average of 3 bushels 40 lb. per acre. South of the line, in Mannanarie, the yield during the siame years had been 10*37, 7*7, and 8*56 per acre, or an average for the three Sears of 8 bushels 13 lb. per acre, us against 3 ushels 401b. per acre in the hundred north of the line. He would now compare some hundreds to the north-west of Adelaide. He had selected Telowie, on the north of the line, and Appila, which imme diately adjoined it, on the south of the line. He could only get the separate returns for two years, and they showed that in Telowie the return for the two years was an average of 2 bushels 50 lb. per acre, while in Appila the average for the aame two years was 5 bushels 51 lb., or more than double that in the hundred north of Goyder's line. He would take two other hundreds—Baroota on the north of the line, and Yangyarra on the south. The respective average yields during ;the last two years hod been, 2 bushels 9 lb. north of the line, and 5 bushels 32 lb. south of the line. These figures, therefore, justified the conclusion he had come to, namely, that selectors north of Goyder's line had not on the average reaped half as much as those on the south of the line, even in immediately adjoining hundreds. If hon. members would look at the map laid on the table by the Commissioner of Crown lands they would see that the same remark applied to the counties north and south of the line. But the comparison there was a little more difficult, as the line cut through several of the counties. However, he would take five counties outside the line and compare them with three : counties inside or to the south of it. The counties north of the line were as followsHerbert, average of 2 years, 3bushels31 lb.; Granville, do. 4 do., 2 bush. 47 lb.; Newcastle, do. 4 do., 2 hush. 401b.; Han son, do. 4 do., 3 hush. *22 lb.; Blanchford, do. 1 do., 6 busli. 48 lb.; Taunton, do. 2 do,, 1 bush. 14 lb. South of the line of rainfall the following result was seen *.—Stan ley, average of 4 years, 7 bush. 7 lb. ; Light, do. 4 do., 7 bush. 25ll).;Fergusson,do. 4 do., 0 bush. 231b. The average yield, therefore, in the counties was just the same as in the hundreds—at least double as great south of the line as to the north of it. (Hear, hear.) There was another aspect of the question which needed consideration — viz., the rainfall. Hon. members would see this dealt with fully in Mr. Todd's statistics on page 7 of Parliamentary Paper No. 178. These showed that while in Ade laide the average rainfall was 20 inches, in the Burra it web only 13*287, and in Kanyaka (between Quorn and Government Gums) it was over 13. But the mischief was that the rainfall in the latter place during the summer months was greater than in Adelaide or the Burra, and it just came at a time when it was not nearly so useful to the farmer. In considering this question it would be well to see what had been done with persons who had taken up other ^than Crown lands, namely. University anil Education lands, which existed both on the north and on the south of the line of rainfall. Was it not a fact that the year before last a Bill was brou gilt forward for the express purpose of relieving those who had taken up Education lards in Wandearah and Pirie, and had agreed to pay rents which ex Serience had shown tbey could not pay ?j What, too, ad been done with the University lands in Wirreanda? If hon. members would look at the University report for the year 1881 they would find these words—"The rent of the Wirreanda lands was paid for the first eighteen months of the terms of the leases. The last two seasons, however, have proved so unfavourable in that district that rent amounting to £2,811 2s. fid. for the last three half years remains unpaid. The Council, desirous of ascertaining the real condition of the tenants of this property, appointed an Inspector to examine into and report specially on each holding; and, having received a very full report, referred the same to a committee for consideration, and have adopted its recommendations, which are to remit a por tion of the arrears of rent, and reduce the future rentals to one-half the present rates." If hon. members would look at tne same report they would find how different it had been with the University lands in the Tatiara—how in fact when they had been forfeited they were resold and much higher prices were obtained for them. (Hear, hear.) He thought hon. members would agree with him that lie had proved bis second proposition, namely, that settlers north of Goyder's line required more consideration than their fellows to the south. He had very carefully looked at this subject in all its hearings, and had come to the conclusion that these points should be included in the new Land Bill:—1. Those who bad selected north of a line to be fixed—it need not be exactly Goyder's line of rainfall—should have more liberal concessions -than those south of it; and 2. That a much larger area should be granted north, and the prices as regarded payment, cultivation, and improvements should be considerably modified. Then came the question—if more liberal terms were given would it not be necessary to follow the example set by other colonies, and require the selectors to do more for themselves? In Victoria some liberal terms were given the selectors as to taking up land; but almost directly the land was taken up Shire Councils were formed and an assessment was made, so that the selectors themselves paid for the cost of the roads, bridges, and crossings which were neces sary to enable them to get their wheat to a market. (Mr. Howe—"They're supplemented by the Govern ment.") Certainly; but the fact was they were assessed immediately, while in this colony the Go vernment were in the habit of spending every penny tbey got from the land on roads, bridges, wharfage accommodation, and other means of getting produce from the land on to shipboard. The profitable settle ment of the land was undoubtedly of more impor tance than the mere question of price obtained for it; hut he felt that if the Government charged these farmers less for the land they must at the same time throw upon the settlers the burden of their local improvements. (Hear, hear.) He was in favour of reducing the price of the land, and of making the interest part of the principal; but it must be thoroughly understood that local works would be carried out by selectors themselves. He would make that a condition of reducing the price. He was glad this was a question taken out of the region of party politics, and personaUy he would do aU he could to help the Government in any way possible. He had very carefully thought over the question, and without consulting with any other hon. member he had come to the conclusion that the principles he had named were those on which the land system of the colony would have to be altered. That the present Bill did not do this must he patent to every one, as it did not even make a distinction between land north and south of Goyder's line. _ He tried last session to introduce what he believed to be a necessary provision, namely, that the selectors should get more land for commonage purposes, as he felt that this country could only he occupied profitably by a minimum of cultivation and a maximum of grazing. (Hear, bear.) Even then he was not sure that it would be profit' ably occupied. (The Hon. J. Carr—"Hear, hear.") But at any rate it was well to give the land a trial. (Hear, hear.) It was' a matter for regret that the' .various attempts to settle the interior of these' colonies had met with so little success. In New South Wales the laud legislation had been defeated in Victoria dummyistn had been the order of the: day; and here he was convinced that unless more liberal terms were given north of Goyder's line the' country would revert to the Government or go into the bands of a few people. He therefore asked, the Government to do one of two things—either withdraw the Bill 'and bring in a new one to meet the cases be had pointed out better than the present measure did, or else bring, down sucn clauses as would carry ont the same object, and have them inserted in Committee.. It would be much better to withdraw the Bill, as manufacturing new. Bills in Committee was not gojBfcUy a success. (Hear, hear.) The Government cotaH withdraw without loss of dignity, and he cer' tainly hoped they wonld do so. He had purposely avoided saying anything about the number of acres to be held or the prices to be paid under the more liberal system. These were matters of detail, and if once the principles were admitted the Govern ment could bring down such proposals in detail as they thought best, and they would be fairly discussed and settled by tne House. (Hear, bear.) He now purposed to say a word or two as to the derails of the present Bill, as it affected the existing law. It provided, from clauses 1 to 6, that a Selector might surrender his agreement before February of next year, and ho would be able to select again, and would be credited with any sum he might already have paid as part purchase-money, and the improvements on the land he had surrendered would be counted as improvements on his new selection. Well, he was rather dubious about that He did not think many people would take advantage of that provision; but although it might open tho door to a little wrongdoing, still, as he did hot think it wonld do a great deal of harm he would not oppose it. He knew that there were cases where men had taken np land entirely unfitted for cultivation, who had actually tried their best t» make their selections profitable, but were now in great difficulties, and to such people some such con cession might with jnstice be made.. Then the Bill provided that a selector might surrender his agree ment, and have the same offered at auction. With the value of the improvements added, to be aUowed to bid again for tne land, and if outbid the pur chaser wis to pay down half of the value of the improvements, that sum bavins to be given to the original holder. Although he agreed with the principle of that clause, he thought the Government had not been sufficiently liberal. The provision ought to be limited to the land north of Goyder's line of rainfall, because the people south of that line had not been deceived like some of the people north of it with regard to the climate. The selectors south of that line could not plead as could those north of it that they hod been misled, by the appearance that that line of rainfall seemeth to go hack as the land was opened up. He thought, that people who had selected and given high prices; for land, and who had made considerable improve ments, should be given the full value of their im provements if they wished to surrender their agree- - ments and if they failed to become the purchaser.. The Government in this matter were pursuing a less. liberal policy, than their predecessors. (Oh.) When he was in office caBeshad been brought, under bis notice w) ere a selector having practically be come insolvent wished to surrender his holding. The creditors, finding this out, eame to him and pointed out that it was their money that bad. placed the improvements upon the land, en quiring at the . same time what they were; to do. He had in such cases, although-, not acting strictly legally, when the land was; put up, taken the value of the whole of tne improve ments, and given the same for the creditors. The man should nave tbe whole of the value of his im provements given him, because it shonld be re membered that the Commissioner had always the right to define tbe upset price of the property. The position he wished to place before the House was. that under the clause in the Bill if a man had im proved his land to tbe value of £3,000, as had hap pened, the person who was bidding against the selector would have the advantage of £1,S00 worth of improvements for which he would not have to. pay anything, and the selector would have to go on. bidding in order to get his money back. Thus the man's improvements would be the means of defeat ing him in the jauction-room. The eighth clanse ; provided that the selectors whose crops had been i less than six bushels per acre for the last three : years were to have one year's interest remitted, thoEe who had had less than five bushels were , to be allowed two years' interest, and these who had had less than four bushels should have the consideration of three years' interest. granted to them. Although that provision might in., principle seem very fair, still in practice even this . side oi Goyder's rainfall it would work badly. The person who had only scratched his soil with a mise rable scarifier, or bad only harrowed the seed in at. a cost of about 2s. per acre, would be benefited by the clause; hut the selector who had properly culti vated the land at a cost of 10s. per acre would not. he able to take advantage of it. That would result, from the fact that the slovenly mode of farming, of harrowing the seed in, would give small averages* while the farmer who carried on his operations in & proper manner would, through his care, probably just get a yield over the average, and so receive no advantage at all. The man who ought to be con sidered would thus he placed in the worse position, although he might have got into debt in order to,' carefully cultivate his land! He thought something ought to be done in the matter; but Son. menders would see the difficulties surrounding the solution of the question, and he hoped they would try to solve it, so as to deal out justice to the deserving farmer and not to place the undeserving selector in i a position to receive benefits from the State which; he ought not to get. Then clause 9 provided that, during the first year one-twentieth of the area should be ploughed and be under cultivation, as against one-tenth as set forth in the present law. Ilis remarks on that provision would allude to those, south of Goyder's line ot rainfall, and he said at. once that it was a mistake to reduce the area of' cultivation there. This reduction reduced tbe ; acreage to be cultivated one- half what it was now, and it was to be given because people hail taken up land ! which was quite unfit for cultivation. That excuse ; would not hold good, because the selectors ought . not to have taken up such land. They bad evi dently misunderstood the intention of Parliament, in passing the Act. It was always impressed upon,, the selectors, when he was in office, that it was' intended under the Act that people should take up., land for cultivation, and if they selected land unfit.. for cultivation that was their look-out. He impres sed upon them that the policy of the colony was that a quantity of land was thrown open for selec tion, ana it could be taken up for cultivation under - the credit system for a period of two years. After ■ that it would be sold without any conditions what ever, and if lands not fit for cultivation were taken up, then the selectors had broken the spirit of the ; law and ought not to he considered. It was the . invariable rule to forfeit selections of that kind, and therefore he thought it was a grave mistake . to make such a reduction as proposed by the clause. The Commissioner's argument on that . point, if carried out, simply meant that they would ao away with cultivation altogether. (The Commis sioner of Crown Lands—" We agree to do that in , some cases.'*) The land in the South-Bast was as a . rule fitted for grasses, and he was willing, if the . Commissioner would make a special provision to . apply to places where dairy-farming could be carried , on, to go with him, but he could not support the clause in the Bill if it were to apply to the whole of ' the colony. The tenth clause gave the Commis-. sionerpower to remit the cultivation and residence - conditions in certain cases, if the holding were unsuitable. That meant practically taking up land that was unfit for cultivation, and giving power to the Commissioner to remit the whole of the cultivation clauses. He had no hesitation in saying that if such a thing were allowed by the Legislature all the land in the South-East worth £1 per acre that was put up in the market would be taken up in a few years, but there would be no resident population . upon it. Such land was only fit for grazing |pur. poses, and it was well worth £1 per acre if it were put to that use. (The Commissioner of Crown Lands . —" What was the result of your operations there ?') , He admitted that they had been most unfortunate, but they would have been much worse without the - cultivation clause. Under Strangways's Act, in the one Hundred of Narracoorte, there really were only two selectors. In the Hundreds of Binnum and Joyce now tbe selectors were selling ont to the squatters. The Hundred of Joyce was thrown open by him, and, although he believed that the selectors originally were bona fide in their intentions, still baa seasons had thrown them behind, and he . was sorry to say that now they were disposing of their holdings to one gentleman there. The increase in the area required for cultivation under the scrub lands leases lmd been asked for by the Farmers* Association, and he did not see any objection to.. ttbe clause dealing with the matter, as it really made ■the law more stringent than it was at the present time. Then the scrub lands leases were to be granted without first having been offered at auction. He did not know that there was much objection to ■such a course being pursued, and therefore he had no objection to it. Be quite agreed with the next ■clause, which allowed a selector who had trans ferred his agreement to select at the end of three .years, as against five years as at present, because it would- meet cases where hardship had been ■done to the selectors by existing laws. He considered that clauses 14, is, and 16 were very •dangerous. They were to provide that a Special .magistrate and Justices of the Peace could decide whether a man had committed a breach of his -agreement. He contended that it would be unwise -to adopt such a principle, because if such a pro cedure were put m force in a certain part oy he •colony they would not have 'the result thaHvas ■desired. At the present time the Commislmner could forfeit the agreement if he thought the evi dence justified his doing so. If he was in doubt, and wanted a - full enquiry held into tbe case he caused a Special Magistrate and two Jus tices to meet, who had to bear the charge of dummyism brought against the selector, and the evidence was afterwards transmitted to the Commissioner, who decided what course he should take. Under the present law the Coutt be had mentioned was not only to take evi dence, but was to give a decision. He did not wish to refer to any particular portion of tbe colony, but there were parts in it where dummyism was not looked upon as being disgraceful, and in those parts ■Justices might be found who took the lenient view of the evil, although of course there were others who would think differently. The cases in the past Had never been tried upon the mere technical point whether a breach of the agreement had been com -mitted, because be had xo hesitation in saying that nearly half of the selectors holding land up to the •end .of the third year could be turned out of their selections through not having complied with the conditions of their . agreements. 'Therefore, if the selectors were judged according to 'the strict letter of the law,- more than half the selec tions in the colony would be forfeited; but the Judging of the different Commissioners had been based on the fair equity of the case, and not as to :whether there had been any technical breaches of ■agreements. If hon. members looked at those cases brought prominently before the House last session by Mr. Henning, in which a man named Porster and •others were concerned, they would notice that there was no absolute proof of a breach of conditions, but only exceedingly suspicious circumstances pointing ito one, which was no absolute proof to bis mind. A legal mind would never admit the proof, and the hon. member for Encounter Bay (Mr. Downer) argued most strongly that he had made -a great mistake in forfeiting the selections. ■(Mr. Downer—"iT did not say so.") He believed •lie hod made no mistake, and did what he thought was right, though lie saw the flaw which Mr. Downer saw, that there was 110 absolute proof -of a breach of conditions. Tbe consequence would he in lace of this "difficulty of proof tboy would 'never be able to get convictions of dummies, ami in •only a very few cases in which dummied laud bad been forfeited in the past could the two Magistrates be got to recognise absolute proof. There were ■only suspicious circumstances to go to satisfy the Commissioner for the time being of dummyism; ■ and now that power would practically be taken away by the present Bill and two Magistrates left to -decide, the result of which be was quite certain would be in the long .run not much of a check to dnmmyism, but rather the reverse. IftheCommissioner'stimewasnotsomuch I ' taken up he could understand this alteration, but ! when the Commissioner had undertaken the task of looking into every case that came before him for relief it was plain he was not overworked. 'The legal delays in dummy cases should bo made :short, and tbe people accused know their fate as • early as possible; but let not tbe law be altered ■ which had worked well in the past. (Hear, hear.) He would not trouble the House any further, but in conclusion would express the hope that next 'season the harvest would be a good one. (Hear, hear.) That would do more good than any legisla tion at present, but in effoiting future legis lation Parliament might be able to do a greater 'amount of good by more liberal land laws tban perhaps hon. members would credit. He •was quite sure that as a body they were willing to •do what tbey thought best in the general interests • of the colony in this matter, and was confident that 'although he could not expect them to see eye-to-eye -•with him, they had approached the subject irom a rsincere desire to see if they could not get something ilikeapermanent resident population in the more aria parts of the colony. (Hear, hear.) The provisions lie bod suggested would, lie believed, if made law, cany out the intention of the Bill, and he trusted that the Government would agree with the prin fCjDles he had enunciated, and bring in a Bill to make : ilium law. (Hear, hear.) " "ENN1NC " ' Mr. HENiS'ING said that he would not take • up 'inv.cli time. He had been told that what the.might have to say about tbe Bill would not ■ carry much weight in the House, but why that . should be so he aid not know, seeing that he knew .-a good dealabout the country and the rainfall; and .as the House .always gave attention to those who spoke on'subjects of which they had a special ;knowledge, die .claimed the same privilege, unless it.could be shown that he had wilfully misstated facts, (near, hear.) Last session the country was congratulated upon the splendid rainfall and the i prospect of .a .fine harvest, and it was his nnisfortune to Have to state his belief then :that the time for .good average harvests hail ;-goue by in South Australia, because the farmers '.bad gone into such dangerous country that their poor crops brought the average down to .something very small indeed. This year the same ••congratulations had been expressed, and he re gretted exceedingly to have to repeat his previous remark. He stated last year that a huge blunder Iliad been committed in allowing the selectors to go up north on land not worth the money they un ■ dertook to pay for it. In fact it was not worth more i tlmn f.s. an acre, and although Mr. Hnunssvell corn batted the idea at tlietime,the farmers had acknow ledged that it was true. (Mr. Rouusevell—"Thoy • did not do anything of the sort." Jlv. Howe— "Quite the reverse.") Mr. Orchard, whose name : had been already referred to, hod publicly stated that the fanners did not get sufficient from the land t to pay theworkingexpenses. (Mr. Kounsevcll—"They are sticking to the land.") Although he had been told lie took a gloomy view of matters in South Aus ■: tralia, whether it was gloomy or not the bulk of ' the country was poor and miserable from having "Such a scanty rainfall He spuke from his own ex •perienee anil that of hundreds of others, and the "-longer the land was occupied the more dangerous .and treacherous it was found to lie. He was sur prised at the speech delivered by Mr. Playfoi-d, and it was quite wonderful to compare it with liis speeches of some years ago, to which lie would take : another opportunity of referring. In onlcr to ascer tain whether the Bill would attain the objects set forth by tbe Commissioner of Crown- Lands, it ! would be advisable to take a short glance at what . the difficulties were in tire North, anil whether they -were likely to be permanent, ami also at the class .of . selectors occupying the land. When the people undertook to pay a liigli price for their selections .everybody said it was impossible that they knew 'anything about the country, that they would never pay for it. and that a severe punishment was in ■store for them ; but in suite of all warning from the ■original occupiers of the land—(Mr. Hounsevell— "Hear, licnr")_—anil in spite of the Surveyor General's warning that the rainfall could no ; be de pended upon, they persisted in going on the country. When they contended they were making a good ■bargain they said that they must have certain facilities for bringing their produce to market; .and although lie knew their calculations were faulty bo consistently supported fhe expenditure •of money for the development of the country. Now, after a few years, these people had paid scarcely anything for their land, the bulk of them •only about 10 per cent.; and now after millions hail been paid on public works for their advantage beyond what they undertook to pay the State, they came forward and said, "We cannot pay, and you must givo us more concessions," which meant the taxation of other interests to meet the claims of the colony in respect of money borrowed for their advantage. Some selectors hail pointed out that they had only bad twoorthreebad seasons, and that acycle of good years was coming round. He denied this as a matter of fact, and bad seasons Iostei ■over seven or eight years with no prospect of a change. The history of tbe country showed that for every one good season, or perhaps two, there were seven or eight bad ones. Other selectors would say that tbey hod good crops from these northern lands, and so tbey might on the selections immediately adjoining those within the line of Goyder's rainfall ana along the Flinders Range, •where the rainfAll was regular, as at Beautiful Valley, for instance; but beyond the line of rainfali the crops entirely failed owing to the absence of rain. Tiie following letter had appeared in Re. ■mster from a bona-fide selector who had been ■m the North for five years, and, being a German, be was therefore reliable. (Laughter.) "That farming in the North is not a profitable ghost seems to Eover about, if we' are to judge bv the result of the last two seasons, I have had some experience myself, and the result was as follows :— I toot np a section of land in March, 1879, and put 14 acres in crop the same season, which averaged 2£ bushels; in 18801 had 55 acres, yielding 3 bshls. 40 lb.; and thiB year I had 96 acres, which grew about ten inches high and got blighted before it was out in ear. This disheartened me so that I sold my selection, at a low figure of course, and it is my in tention to leave the colony and go to fresh fields and pastures new. This is the result of liberal land laws, and the more the ame are extended the more people will speculate, and the sooner the Government stop selling land outBide Goyder's rainfall line the better. 1 have seen Jive seasons north of it, and every year, about August, the wheat was in a dying condition, and if rain at such a time fails the crops will fail. I was told that it would be so before I selected; but, like so many others, I thought that rain follows the plough, and I paid dear for my folly. Some say that cultivation de stroys the natural grass and herbage, and others say the contrary. Both are right and wrong at the same time, for I have noticed that the best grass will die out if the soil gets turned over, while bome kinds, chiefly barley grass and a sort of native oats, will grow to such an extent as to kill wheat. I am inclined to think that this part of the country is not suited for agriculture, and if it is to retrograde and come back into squatters' hands again, then they would be better left in possession now—at all events I until it is proved that wheat can be grown with j profit. The land in this hundred has not been sold so high as Baroota or Telowie, but it takes some thing far better than we have had so 1st to enable selectors to pay for it. This year's average will be less than two bushels.—Frif.dkicu Kuttler. Winninowi6, December 19.", That was a most temperate letter written after five years of attempted'cultlvation. Other persons took the view that had they not had hot winds and locusts they would have done fairly well. It was astonishing that these poor hard-working people were so slow to learn that hot winds and locusts wore not an exceptional but a regular thing in those northern districts, and that, though they were sometimes a little later than usual, they nearly always came every year.- He hail known that country for twenty years, and in seasons when the grass looked splendid, as it did sometimes in exceptionally good years, he had known it cut down and destroyed at once by the locusts. If the capital of the farmers would * not stand two or three bad seasons they had certainly better not go on to those lands beyond Goyder's line of rainfall. On this point the Register in a leading article made use of these practical words;— { "The general conclusion to be deduced from this local comparison is that in South Australia as we advance northwards we find agriculture becomes J more and more precarious The agricultural statis tics give additional emphasis to the statement, so often insisted upon, that the future development of the industry requires that the southern districts should be more fully developed as compared with the North than they have been during the past few years. Grand harvests may possibly fall to the lot of the northern fanner. But, on the other hand, he must be prepared to stand reverses such as lie has had during the last two seasons, without being reduced to poverty. In other words, lie must be a capitalist. Unfortunately, it is much to be feared that many of the northern farmers had very slender resources to begin with, and hence the distress which has undoubtedly largely prevailed in those districts. Some of the northern plains may look temptingly like what is called in America 'poor man's land,' and may promise quick returns for little outlay. But the Drecarious nature of their yields must now remove tliera completely from the category, as many cf the fanners have lately found to tlieii cost." He quite agreed with the Registers remarks on this point, and he would now ask hon. members to look at what had been the actual resu'ts of settlement in the Hundred of Garr —that monument of folly of the Hon. J. Carris Crown Lands administration. The hundred was surveyed in 187G, and the first cultivation took place in 1S7S, when the returns were nil. In 1879 the result of tlie harvest was 23 lb. per acre. (The Hon. J. CaiT—" Oil how many acres ?') He did not" know; lie would leave the hon. member himself to tell the House the area under cultivation. In 18So the average yield was 50 lb. per acre, and in 1881 it was 2 bushels 17 lb. per acre, making an average for the four years of 371 lb. per acre! And yet the land in that hundred, as "he knew from actual observation, was equal to any in the colony. The rainfall, too, at Blinman, in the Hundred of Carr, was more than in some of the other country north of Goyder's line—and if the result of good soil and a better or an ordinary rainfall was 37 £ lb. per acre in the Hundred of Carr, what could be expected of worseland beyond Goyder's line? (Mr. Dixon—" If it increases in the same ratio as last year it will soon be 20 bushrls an acre.") He would like to see the hon. member take up land there, and try and cultivate; he would probably soon find a difficulty in paying his creditors Some selectors desired the Government to advance money on the improvements made on their selections. He was astounded that Mr. Howe should, at a deputation on the subject, say that selection in that part of the colony had im proved the country. (Mr. Howe- " So if has.") He denied it altogether. The hon. member had lived a long time in the North, hut lie must have closed his eyes if he had not seen how the natural herbage north of Goyder's line had been destroyed and nothing had grown in its place. In point of fact, a great injury had been done to the colony, which would suifer for it now and hereafter. (The Hon. G. C. Hawker—" Hear, hear.") A few months ago lie visited some of the saltbush country, and his travels took him througli Baroota, Win ninowie, and Woolundunga, and he could say that in his opinion a great injury had been done to the country by the futile attempt at farming and by the destruction of the natural herbage, He saw Mr. Orchard, whose name had been mentioned, and who had taken up land for which he had agreed to pay £0 an acre, in addition to clearing it and erecting improvements on it, which must have cost him about £3,000. This was one of the few cases where really substantial improve ments had been carried out, and yet it would have been better for the colony and for Mr. Orchard him self if he had cast his money into the Gulf instead of spending it on the iand there and thus de stroying the native bushes, which were the only possible means of support for stock in that country. He asked Mr. Orchard what possible relief lie could expect any Government measure to be, and the reply was Mr. Orchard could think of nothing, and that he admitted the serious blunder ho had made in taking up the land. Did the Commissioner really mean to say tliat the concessions granted iu the Bill would do Mr. Orchard any good? (Hon. J. Carr—"Mr. Orchard says so.") Then it only showed be would be satisfied with little; and lie was as capable of bearing a loss as any lion, member of the House. But why should the whole colony be taxed simply to make a present oi a few hundred pounds to Mr. Orchard ? When he went through those once beautiful saltbush plains, and saw how they had been destroyed for the sake of trying to grow wheat, lie felt that a crime had been commisted against the rising generation in this colony. Grass might come there again where the plough hsd been, but the saltbush never would. (The Hon. G. C. Iiawkcr—" Hear, hear.") He would tell Mr. Howe what the result of his pro posed concession would be. There would l»e a rush to the Commissioner or the Treasurer to get hack ail tlie money possible, and the recipients v uld then turn round and say, "Thank you, Mr. Commis sioner ; we never expected to get a penny out of that land again. We will now say goodhy to it." (laughter, and "Hear, hear.") He liad a good knowledge of tlie country, and he would tell the House that if 500 square miles of it. without the natural herbage, were ottered to him ready fenced, and with proper facilities for watering stock, on the condition that lie kept stock on it for the space of ten years, lie would not accept it. And for this reason—that without the natural herbage—the salt bush and tlie cotton-bush—it would be practically useless. (Hn. G. C. Ilawker—" Hear, hear.") The hon. member had said that population was wealth. It undoubtedly was, as every schoolboy knew, where the people were decently off; but where they were paupers it was by no means an advantage. A great deal liad been said about im proving the climate by tree-planting, and Dr. Schomburgk was among those who advocated forest reserves on this account. It might do so, aud be believed did do so, near the coast, but not in the interior. Let hon. members look at the country from Wilpena to Mount Kearle—150 miles, say, by 40 miles wide. It was a splendidly timbered country, and yet there was no rainfall thero. (Mr Bounse veil—"There's no timlie'r except iu the creeks.") There might be no gums, perhaps, but there were pinetrees and lighter timber in such abundance that they liad become almost a nuisance. The cry now was. "Give us abetter water supply and we shall be all right." But the fact was it was rain, and not mere dams and wells, i which was wanted. (Hear, hear.) At the most the Government conld only put one dam in a hundred, end the stock would still need to be taken a long distance to water. Although he thought the fanners were principally to blame for having taken up this dry country with their eyes open, it was quite true they had had injudicious friends m that House. He was sorry the hon. member for East Torrens, Mr. Smith, was not in his place, because he wanted to call attention to what that hon. gentleman had said at a farmers' relief meeting. The hon. member there said something to the effect that although the farmers in these far northern lands were poor, there was hope for them, because the squatters used to be poor, some of them, and now they were millionaires. Since the words were uttered, Mr. Smith had had a glimpse at the country, and he did not think he was likely to repeat such a statement. If the remark had been made by an hon. member such as Mr. Ward, who cared no more for millions than other members cared for hundreds, he would not have noticed it, but coming as it did from an hon. member whose position was such as that of Mr. Smith, the Mayor of Adelaide and the member for East Torrens, he felt bound to contradict it, and to tell the hon. member he would be utterly at a loss to name one man who bad made a million on this saltbush country. It was very amusing to watch the meetings of the farmers and see how they tried to lay the blame on that House. At a recent meeting of the Farmers' Associa tion at Gladstone a letter was read from W. Wilson, Maitland Branch, "calling.the attention of the committee to the fact that wheat is being im ported from different parts of the world to the detriment of our fanners, and asking if the com mittee could take any steps to prevent it, and, if so, what?"'and the reply was as follows :.—"To be in formed that the committee could take, no' steps in the matter of the importation of wheat, but that if we could get liberal land laws we could keep- out foreign supplies with our own wheat." It was a pity the Farmers' Association Committee did not take tbo trouble to indicate in. what shape- they would like the land laws liberalized, It seemed to him the more they were liberalized the less per acre was reaped. (Hear, bear.) He would now briefly glance at the several classes of select irs in the Northland he spoke with a fair knowledge of the men. The first class consisted of liona-flde, but poor ignorant people, who went -there solely because- the Government surveyed the land, and having, no knowledge of Goyder's line of rainfall. He pitied such. (Mr. Howe—"They don't want pity;, they want help.") But their number was few. Another class consisted of those who knew of Goyder's line and the scanty rainfall beyond, but were too lazy to go to tbe Government offices and ascertain the exact position of the land. He could illustrate this class by leferringto Mr. Hector, whose ntioned. lie was an intelligent, name had been mentioned, educated gentleman, who, at a deputation, had stated that he had selected land beyond the line, although he knew there was such a line. Such people deserved little sympathy; but they, again, were a small class. Another class, considcrably larger, consisted of those who took up their 1,000 acres in the names of their daughters, sons, nephews, cousins, and aunts, because they had heard of , millions made on these lands, and because tbey were anxious to acquire sufficient land to carry on sheepfarming on a small scale. They had found out their mistake, and they were now anxious to gain the rnnrossinns m-nviilp.fi in this Hill. The Commiasinner concessions provided in this Bill. The Commissioner could, if he liked, put his finger on these people, who bad kept the cultivation clausos by merely scratch ing the ground and putting in a few handfuls of wheat. To show that this was the case he would read the testimony of the Advertiser special roporter, who went through the district recently, and who said: —" On one occasion whilst in the Northern Areas I had a conversation with a friend who happened to speak of the kind of ploughing that was done by one of his neighbours, and he said that it reminded him of the ' scratching that would be done by a hen in search of food for her chicks.' A few days after wards I was passing by the place referred to when I saw the ploughing, and, indeed, it was very little better than it had been described. It was not two inches deep in the deepestplace, whilst in some parts there was only a mark to indicate that something had been dragged over the ground. Land ploughed in this manner would not yield a good crop in the best of seasons, except by a miracle, and the plough ing that I am alluding to was not done on stubble land, but on green land that had never been ploughed before, and was really intended as fallow, llut, unfortunately, the man who did the work was not the only one in that neighbourhood who did bad ploughing, for thore were many others who were guilty of the same mistake, though his plough ing was certainly the worst in that hundred. I have gone over man}' of the hundreds in the Nortli at different times, and I have noticed in nearly all of them a great lot of ploughing nearly as bad as that described above." It could not be pretended that persons ploughing " " " by this independent land in the way described witness were bona-flde agricultural selectors, and yet, unfortunately, they would be included in the benefits sought in this Bill. The fourth class, and the most numerous, were not farmers, but mere speculators, who, having formerly selected south of Goyder's line and sold out at a good profit, had ex pected to do the same thing north of Goyder's line. (Hear, bear.) These men had now found out their mistake, and they had joined in the cry for concessions. In confirmation of his statement he need only refer hon. members to the reports of the special correspondent of the Register, where they would find stated over and over that many of the selectors were men who had held selections south of Goyder's line of rainfall. That was the testimony of an independent gentleman, and those men who had as yet jmid practically nothing were crying out for relief. Those were the men who were hoping for a chance season, when they would have an op portunity of selling out and making a good profit, lie was ashamed at the want of self- reliance shown by our farmers. In the old days the settlers paid the full amount of the purchase-money for their land, they sank their own wells, and made their own roads; hut now if a well was to be sunk or a small five-feet cutting to be made, the selectors immediately formed a deputation and asked the Government to do the work. The Sioneers also did not fly about the country with uggies and pairs, and did not support two or three palatial hotels in one township, out worked hard and made both ends meet. Hon. members would recollect that before the Farmers* Belief Fund was staitcd in Adelaide one was begun at Gladstone. The result of the appeal made was that £400 was subscribed, and he believed that amount in cluded a large sum given by storekeapers, medical men, and others, as well as by some of the Adelaide fiims. He would like to read to the House an extract from a report of a meeting of the Gladstone Branch of the Farmers' Association as follows : Tbe Vice-President (Mr. W. Coe) pre sided. In reply to questions, the Secretary said.— (>.) The full amount of subscriptions by this branch in aid of the distressed farmers was £4 10s., £2 of which was raised at the previous meeting and forwarded to the General Secretary." He had never come across the names of tbe liberal donors of this £4 10s., therefore he could not say who they were. His argument was that if these people south of Goyder's line who had bad a goal harvest had not known that the dis tressed selectors were acquainted with the fact that their land was unfit for cultivation, or had not known that they were speculators, they would have subscribed more money to the fund. He was sorry to say that ho would have to oppose the second reading of the Bill, and he the more regretted to have to do so because his hearty sympathy was with the hona-fido selector, whom he would always be ready to help in the time of distress. He cojected to the Bill on the grounds that it included a large number of cases not deserving of any consideration, t hat it excluded a number of cases which ought to be included in it, and that it would give no substantial relief to enable the farmers to carry on their operations. Taking tbe Inst point, lie believed, although the money likely to be lost to the State if they agreed to this measure would in the aggregate i mount to a very large sum, still indi vidually it would be very small. The farmers asked for bread and they gave them a stone. (Laughter.) Correspondence had appeared over and over again, stating that the selectors were heavily in debt, and lie would ask would the few paltry pounds proposed by the Commissioner to be allowed them afford the relief they wanted! Then the Bill excluded those people mentioned by the Commissioner himself— men who had been obliged to borrow money at a heavy rate of interest to enable them to carry on their operations. They were one of the most de- j serving classes of the lot. (Mr. Ward—"Who?") If the hon. member did not listen he could not repeat bis speech for his sake. The Bill next included a large number of fanners who had selected south as well as north of Goyder's line of rainfall, or in choice spots of the colony. These people had had the pick of the land, and because they had had one or two bad seasons the general taxpayer was- to have to give them so many pounds. That was the very class who' did not deserve any relief. It had amused him highly to see how tbe matter had' been worked up. The farmers south of the line of rain fall wished to say that there was no such line; because they asked to come within the provisions of such a Bill as this. (Laughter.) Then the measure included a large number of persons who did not intend to carry on farming operations in a boua-nde manner, but who wished to obtain the land for nastor&l; purposes. He would read an extract from a letter signed "A Scotch Fanner" dealing with the subject:—"The concession will also benefit a large number of sheepfarmers who have selected land, and merely cultivate their selections until thev are allowed by the Act to purchase. Their averages .are generally low, and no wonder; an acre or two ploughed round the fences, the centre being harrowed in, will not produce much of a crop?' Then the Bill gave the same concessions whether a fanner cultivated 25,500, or 5,000 acres. He could not see why the man who only cultivated 25 acres ihould have concessions at the same rate aa the man who tilled 600 acres. (The Commissioner of Crown Lands—" He spends as much of his money in proportion as the man who cultivates 600 acres.") Then the Bill, if carried, would only be a prelimi nary Bill for annual measures having the same ob ject. He would have no objection to them, but what about the enormous amount of loan money spent in those districts ? If substantial concessions were to be given to the fanners in those districts, then the expenditure of loan money mnst be stopped, because it would be unfair to keep up an industry which they did not believe in. He would say to those who had selected north of GoydeFs line," I will give you the land on the condition that you construct your : own public works." By all means let them have the land, but the State should not spend hundreds : of thousands on works which would not be wanted in a few veara. Then it might be argued that they should give the concessions because the State would ; never get any money from the pe9ple-. Then, he : repeated, let everything be written off, and stop the expenditure on public works. Those ' people who had paid only the 10 per cent, were the ' very ones who cried out, most for ass is tan co. i He would instance a deputation which waited on the Commissioner of Public Woiks recently, i the report of which eaid " The other mem bers of the deputation urged their claims : on the Government, saying that at a depth of sixteen feet a good supply of water could be ob : tained, and in fact if the Government would dean out a couple of wells the supply would be sufficient. (Hear, hear.) Probably half the cost of the deputa ' tion would liavo cleaned out the wells. (Hear, bear.) Then came the question of determining the average of the wheat crops. The special reporter of tlie Register, sent out some months ago to collect information on this very point, said : that it was a most difficult matter to ascer tain each selector's yiold, and sometimes a father even kept the knowledge from his wife and : children. Thev were keeping back the informa tion to get throe years' concessions. Speaking on the returns for 1881-2 the Register stated— :" The official agricultural statistics showing : tlio return of wheat cropped during the past two seasons are, of course most disappointing. In the first place, they are unusually late in making their ! appearance, and the acting Government statist cannot plead that the delay is due to any economical arr. - - "ir-nt such as in 18S1 was effected by the ! collect * the agricultural statistics in connection with the i nsus returns. In the second place, tiiere is good reason for suspecting that the figures given are in many re.-pects erroneous, and though we cannot go so far as to re echo the opinion of one of our correspondents, who supplied us with an esti mate in March, that' the Government statistics this »ear will not be worth the paper they are printed on.' yet it is impossible to avoid feeling that their value is considerably less than that of many of their predecessors." The Ifcyiricrngainreferredtothe matter in the following terms" It seems irobable that throughout the colony, and particularly in most of the drier districts, there was a strong disposition to take a gloomy view of the past harvest, and. this tendency may have been intensified by the know ledge that the Government were about to base their concessions to distressed settlers upon the average yield of wheat for the past two or three seasons. Without supposing that tho farmers have inten tionally deceived, it is not inconceivable that in those cases in which the yield was calculated while the wheat was lying in heaps the figures given were under rather than over tlie mark. The subject is of importance in view of the concessions provided for in the Land Bill. There needs, in short, to be some trustworthy means of estimating the average of each selector who may put in a claim to concessions. That the last harvest was not a good one must be patent to everybody; but it is a great pity that it should be made to appear worse than it roauy was, since such a practice cannot in the long run be bene ficial either to the farmers or to the wheat-buyer. He believed all the selectors who were still in the hands of the Government would rush to them and claim the concessions granted by the Bui, and this point was a very weak feature in it, and one of the very reasons he would not support it. it was altogether bad in principle. He presumed the Government intended to give these concessions to all selectors in their hands who had suffered from drought, too much water, or fire amongst their crops, because there ought to be no distinction. (Mi'. Ward—" The one was natural, the other acci dental.") All should be treated alike for past, mis fortune, and future. (Hear, hear.) He saw that the selectors at Lucindale had in a public meeting claimed concessions equally with those in the North, because for the last two years their crops had been lost through ail inundation. If there was to be any plundering, why should not all share alike? (Laughter.) He was asto nished to see the change which had come over the Commissioner of Crown Luiids since last year, when the ?}?"• gentleman strongly opposed Ins proposition to do away witli the cultivation clauses in some narts of the South-East. Now he brought in a Bill to reduce them to one-balf. and in some cases altogether. The South- East enjoyed a good climate, and therefore to relax the cultivation clauses there was only the right thing to do, because if wheat &iowing; were not a desirable occupation.dairyitig, ilieepfanning on a small scale, and other industries could be followed ; but in the North, where this could not be done, no good wouid result from doing away with tlie clauses. Mr. John \\\ Into, of Quorn, writing on thisobject, said :—" It is all very well to talk of relaxing the cultivation clauses but bear in mind if they are done away with altogether it would not confer a single fraction of benefit to any of those who signed the memorial for two or three years at least. For tins reason: We have grubbed and ploughed and got as much land ready for wheat as ever we could, and some of us have incurred liabilities for that very purpose ; and another reason is all the natural herbage is de stroyed, so that it is of no use for .stock until the land is left out for a year or two. As to this destruction of herbage, he believed spear si-ass would not grow again on ploughed land in less than ten years, and to destroy the natural herbage was doing away with all the benefit of the concessions (Hear, hear.) Supposing the land from Goyder's line of rainfall to Beltana were never broken, and taking a cycle of years, he challenged contradiction when he stated that the land would not cany more than fifty sheep to the square mde. (Mr.Ward-" Whataboutwheat?") It wasacknow ledged wheat-growing had been a failure. (Mr. Ward—"It is a libel on the country to say so. ) He repeated liis statement, end now, sup posing the sheep oil the land were> sU Dig-crown wethers, each square mile of country would give one bale of wool, whicb, considering the quality likely to be grown by smaU selectors, would be worth about £10 in the home market. After de ducting all expenses connected with sending it to market, each hale would be worth £7 10s., without making any provision for the grower^ keep and other incidental expenses. How many unles of country, therefore, would it tako for a man to mako a living out of by woolgrowing, and yet this would be the result of doing away with the cultivation clauses. (The Commissioner of Crown Lauds— " The selectors need not desist from cultivating altogether.") He liked to speak well of this country, of which lie was almost a native; hut the fact re mained that the North was not a poor mans countiy. (Mr.. Hawker—" Hear, hear. ), If a man wentup there without large capital it wasinipossible to put up with the losses, as he Wv Jrom ins o wu ex perience. (Mr. Dixson—" Will capital make it pay ?.) The lion, member hiul said overainl over again he was a stranger in. the- colony, and he believed it would have been no loss if he had continued to be a, stranger. (Laughter.)- He dnl not gp ouUide tUe city, and yet be set himself up as an authority against men who- had- lived here and studied the question for the past twenty years. He would next read an extract from a, report ot a meeting of the Barossa Farmers' bmon, called to consider whom thoy should vote for. at the last Legislative Counoil election,, as- follows vr- Mr. Potter eaid Mr. Miller proposed to returir to the northern selectors everything.thev liadipaul above one pound (£1) per acre, and they would have to pay seven millions of money, and he did not feel inclined to pay a share in that. The Chair man said what Mr.. Better had. referred to was of the greatest importance, and which no colonist ought to lose sight of. The northern land had bseasold at high prices, audon.thQ strength of that their Government vent into the English market and borrowed money. Now, if they failed to realize that price—if they sold the land at £1 per acre—the greater portion of the money would have to be made up by something else. They had very little land to sell at a paying price, and it wonld have to be made up by additional taxation. Some time ago an article appeared in the Jtegister juat fitting the very question. They would break faith with the Knglish nation if they meddled with the prices realized for the land, and. those people who had been such fools to offer such high prices ought to be made to pay them. If the Government were compelled to forego their claims it was a different thing, but Govern ment should not legislate in favour of induction. It was not their money, but they had pawned the pro ceeds of their land. Mr. Potter was of opinion that they'had not only mortgaged the proceeds of the land, but the whole of the colony. The Chairman said they owed more than £13,000,000, which was too much." That showed the large interest the public were taking in the matter, and he thoughtthoy were perfectly justified in protesting against the further burdens the Bill would lay upon the community. We were still perpetuating the same evil, because we were still selling land for which we would never be paid. The Commissioner had stated that the Government were getting higher prices than the State bad ever been promised to be paid. He had cut out the prices given for land in Winninowie, and he saw that J. Mormey had for 104 acres promised to pay £582, W. Mormey for 444 acres £1,110, D. McGee for 256 acres £640, and further for 379 acres £644. Bid any lion, member expect that the State would receive that money? and if we did not the most serious injury was being done to the colony. We were borrowing money on the. strength oi these promises, and if tney were not ful- ■ filled tho general body of the taxpayers had to make up tho deficiency. We spread the. rapprt world-wide of our averages being only four and .a half bushels per acre, and lie would like to know if such a statement were likely to attract immigrants to our shores, and whether it would not tend to in jure our credit at home. It would doubtless be. said that we had established the principle of concession before when concessions had been mode to. the. squatters; but on careful enquiry he found that there was no analogy between the two cases. First of all the squatters did not give high prices for their laml, hut the Surveyor- General was sent out to put a value upon it, and probably with special in structions to pile on the agony. (The Treasurer— " No.") Then they were tenants of the Crown — (Hear, hear)—we ihad not parted with the freehold, and lastly we had not borrowed money on . the strength of the rents paid by them. _ It would seem, therefore, that there was no simi larity between the two cases. As far as he could see the only real remedy he knew of was first of all to let all those who were desirous of bettering themselves throw up their land and select in a fresher and better climate, while those who wanted to remain should be allowed to hold over their payments for the present. But, if people insisted upon selecting .a tile North, he would only sell the land on tho condition that cash should be paid for it, because, under such a system, thoy would not be doing an injustice to the other parts of the colony. But there was a difference of opinion among the selectors, thcro being some who said they did not want any concessions, and yet this Bill would force them upon them. He referred now to the selectors in the Hundred of King. Some little time ago a deputation, consi.stiug of bottlera in that hundred — (Mi*. Dixsow— "No")—ac companied by Messrs. Hixson and Coles, waited oil the Commissioner of Crown Lands, and pre sentud a numerously signed memorial desir ing that the laud to the oast of King should be surveyed and thrown odcii to selection. These people were satisfied with their past results,, and only wanted more land, but no concessions. B nowing the state of affairs in the district he hatl called for a return as to the number of acres surveyed, the acreage selected, &c.;, and it was* provided as followsNo. of acres surveyed, 70,104 ; No. of acres selected. 18,445; average yield per acre, 4 bshls. 24 lb.; No. of acres cultivated m 1881-2,1,005. Mere were a people who had a yield of 4'20 bushels, and who had over 50,000 acres of unselected land m the hundred, wanting more territory surveyed for them. lie thought if the Bill were carried special prevision should be inado to exclude its application to the Hundred of King. In the earlier part of his speech he had said that Mr. Ylayfovd waspracti cally upon his trial, and many statements uttered by the 'Commissioner of Crown ]«Ands were a condemna tion of his policy. The hon. member had resumed 3,GOO,000 of acres in 1879, with tho result that he had done an incalculable injury to one industry of the colony without building another industry up in it* place. The Commissioner of Crown Lands, how ever, was a little sinner in the same direction, for lie found the other day that the surveyors were sur veying land near Parachilna. The newness of tho hon. member to office shielded hiui' from much blame, but only crass ignorance would allow that land to be surveyed; and thousands of pounds were wasted in the survey^ of land that was entirely unfitted for agricul tural purposes. But Mr. Plsyford was prin cipally to blame. The hon. member had resumed some three millions of acret, and had spent about £10,000 on useless surveys, and therefore he was astonished that he had not attempted to justify his conduct. It might he said that the House endorse.! his policv, but tbey knew the influence tho hon. member bad with his fellow-members. Indeed his popularity went so far that he was called Honest 'Tom. . . . . The SPEAKEB—The hon. member is not in order in so referring to another hon. member. Mr. HENNING, continuing, said tho fitness of a Minister for his position could easily be gauged by the result achieved. It was simply tho importation of wheat and live stock into the colony at the pre sent time. We were importing yearly 593,203 sheep, 46,959 cattle, and 2,400 horses, and after deducting the exports the balance in favour of imports was 458,529 slieep, 46,959 cattle, and 2,990 horses, repre senting a value of about a million sterling. He believed the hon. member knew the mischief be was doing, because immediately after the resumption of the land he arranged to open up the travouing stock road from Wentwortli, in order to keep up a supply of boef and mutton. Independent of tins there was the ruin caused to hundreds of poor bard-working men, and bad not outside capital become available in the way of loau and mortgage monev, the cuuntry would have been placed in a position of serious embarrassment. This was the result achieved by the lato Commissioner of Crown Lands, and he hoped it would be many a long day before that hon. gentleman would have the opportunity of doing more mischief. Mr. Dixson had talked about our unlimited resource* and glorious future, but why did the hon. member not point out what those resources were. He had no doubt about the future of the colony himself, but we would have to hark back to escape the storm which was ahead. Th ore were people outside no doubt mean enough to insinuate that he spoke in those ^ strains because he was interested, and even the Hon. Mr. Carr had challenged his vote last session on the land Bill on that ground. All Le could say was that his experience of pastoral pursuits was of the most painful kind. His interest lay in the success ful settlement of the country if possible, his com mercial pursuits giving him a living where the investment of tliouKands of pounds in the North had not. People who talked in the way he had referred to diu not know what they were talking, about, and before imputing sinister motives tec tb^ui disprove the facts which he had related, (Mr. Ward—" We can easily do that/') The hon. member's statements would bo of no use to hum because Well, never mind why. (lAUghter v in the interests of the colony alone had he^ endea voured tp tear away the veil which imagination li&d; drawn over the real condition of the country, ant if he had succeeded half our troubles were over, because it would show us the way to improvement. For the reasons he had given he would oppose tlia second readinit of the Bill. (Hear, hear). On the motion of Mr. WARD, the debate was ad journed till Tuesday next. J adjouhnment. , Tho House adjourned at five minutes past 6o clock till 2 p.m. on Tuesday. Tins Land Bill.—The Commissioner of Crown Lands asks us to correct three errors ;n the report of his speech in moving the second reading of the Lana Biil. The purchase-money for scrub tonus is 20s. per acre, not 10s. Ill another place the remarks of the hon. gentleman should read thus:— As Mr. Oit hnrd put it, there was a large amount of con sideration due to men who took up profitless land at high prices after having seen it, as many liou. members had seen it, looking as though it would yield anvthing, whUe really they knew very little about its capabilities, and wlio, forming an estimate of its value from the returns received in such Hundreds as Booyoolie, Yanjnra, Gulnare, and Caltowie, lmd in many casos agrees to pay far more for their land than they could get out of it. Another sentence should have been printed as fnllows: •' As the law stood at present no selector could take up land after having effected a transfer unless a period of five rears nart elapsed, hut the Govern ment proposed to reduce the period to three years.' 