HOW THE CUP SHOULD BE RIDDEN. "You will observe," Baid a past grandmaster in jockeyship, who had some spare minutes on bis hand before the engrossing event took place, "you will observe that the Cup course is like one of thoBe musical signs, a loop with a tail. The tail leadB down to the Cup start. You have a straight gallop of half a mile to the stand. Then you round the corner to the left, and gallop nearly three-quarters of a mile straight. There is a turn by the abattoirs, and a curve leads you right round to the straight for the run in. Well, I usually know six weeks or so before what is to be my mount for the Cap. A jockey, in practice, has besides a tolerable all-round knowledge of the horses that are running. With such a stake as the Cap, the owner, if he intends to win, takes cbre that I am well acquainted with my horse, over the tan or cinder. " I can't Bay that the winning of a big affair like the Melbourne Cup affords particular scope for artistic horsemanship. The grand jockeyship in the Cap race has too often been among the loBers. One of the beBt and most succes-ful bite of showy riding was by CuttB, when be rode Archer the second time to victory, in 1862. He waited on them 'lag last,' and then picked off bia horses beautifully one by one, flinging them behind him. The day of such tactics is past, even with an Archer. The St. AlbanB stable has generally shown a peculiar Btyle of riding, the inspiration of the genius and experience of Mr. J. Wilson. He trained his two sons, who were formidable light weights, one after the other. Aa the second grew out of the Bix stone register, he was replaced by St. Albans, who has proved himself pretty well np to the mark of the Wilson blood. If you have watched these three riders, you will perceive that they have all been great on the finish—the rush on the post—' the St. Albans ruBh* is the word. This involves a careful nursing of your horse until the critical moments, In old times in England, that is to say over 60 yearB ago, Sam Chifney'a rush was proverbial. Ia the next generation ' Aldcroft'a rush' was invariably looked for. This is a feature, too, in Archer's riding, and every jockey has his own recipe. " In Hales we havea clever, if not a great artiBt. His brightest performances were on Grand Flaneur, with whose name he is identified, in the glorious season of 1880, when the great Sydney horse was invincible, and beat our Progress every time they met without taking any tronble over it. Grand Flaneur's Cup race was momentous. Hales knew that the envious eyes of his brethren were specially directed to him. He got away a little wide, so as to avoid a squeeze. Then he manipulated the field as nicely as possible., His management of the race was something like that of CuttB on Archer, referred to above, but Hales took a more forward place amongst the crowd. He knew the quality of the magnificent animal palpitating under him. Hales speaks of these aB the happiest momentB of his life. He knew that bis horse was the purest Bteel, and deBpised the field. At the same time there was the golden opportunity of a clear stage, against which the chances had been so great. Hales felt he was winning as he liked all the way uppaBt the lawn. He could come and go on the horBe. What a pity there was nothing better than Progress—an admirable raCer notwithstanding—to draw out this Eclipse of our day. He Bailed in with n full sheet, the worthiest of Cap winners. Another Luibts which lives in the fond memories of jockeyB is The Barb. His heart waB as big as a pumpkin. When called upon he would shake bia head, as much as to say " I tell you I'm doing my best." An equally game look had Navigator laBt Saturday when he came out for the Derby canter, and I felt I had put my money on the right horse when I saw him lifting up his bead to get a sight for himself of the course and the crowd beyond the rails and across the flat. Some horBes come out to do what they're bidden, and others to work out their own salvation. A great horse knows when he's got a big race on hand long before the flag dropB. " I recollectonce Merino's saddle turning rightround as be was finishing at Flemington, but he came in first with the saddle dangling, while the jockey rode on the bare ridge of the horse's backbone. This was a fair win. A jockey is liable to be fined for losing his cap, but will not be disqualified if he weighs in all right. Archer, Fordham, and other crack jockeys at borne have started a fashion of occasionally riding youngsters without whip or spur, in the belief that thoBe incentives are but Beldom absolutely required. " Did you notice the quiet, easy-going look round Hales took on Navigator la9t Saturday near the finish? He had his wits just as fully about him as when he took the trial gallop, and the race was nothing more. Many a flurried jockey has been beaten on the post through juBt glancing over his shoulder. They say that in tbe race for the Caulfield Cup the jockey on Verdure was looking back over the wrong Bhoulder when Little Jack stole up between bim and the rails, where he ought to have kept a closed road. Such a movement by Day on Nimblefoot would have made Lapdog first in 1870 for the Cup. and such a look, again, would infallibly have caused Pigott on .Chester to be beaten by Savanaka, whose race it would have been in two yards more These were both Wilson rushes, like that on Romula, which failed to overhaul Pearl, in 1871. " Hales stands at the head of the flat-racing jockeys, as Corrigan leads the jumpers, but, intrinsically, I look on Corrigan as the beBt horseman in the country. I find his name only in one Melbourne Cap list, and not placed. He has every requisite —splendid dash as well as judgment. In fact, he is the Scobeleff or General Sheridan of the crose-country saddle. Doubtless be would be far and away the premier of the flat if he could come to the scale lighter. Yeomana is a moat reliable man. I would like toBee the winning bracketa brought out as in England. Cracknell is the one for making the pace a ' cracker,' to borrow the sporting jargon, and yet scoiing wins. His performance on Darriwell, winning the Cup, waB almost superb. Pigott is a thoroughly good jockey, too. He can always be entrusted with a first-class horse. " Among our retired jockeys on the Victorian Bide, Morrison deBerves special praise, not only for horBemanship, but also for his example. He was, and.'is, a beautiful rider, the beau ideal for handling a young blue- blooded Gasworks or Charon. Hie temper never failed. I recollect him putting spirits again into Glencoe, and restoring him to the ranks of the winners, when other jockeya said the horse had Bulked away to nothing. On the New South Wales side, Joseph Kean and Stanley ought not to be overlooked in your gallery. None more brilliant than Kean at his beBt, or more dogged than Stanley. I remember two jockeyB fighting in a race at Rand wick. I was going to give you their names, but refrain, as I happen to see that one of the names appears in this Melbourne Cup race. Yea, the two jocks flogged, not their horses, but each other! Of course, they were had up before the stewards, and smartly dealt with. This puts me in mind of a caBe in the hunting field, in Leicestershire, where two huntsmen flogged at each other with their long whips, over a distance of three miles, taking the jumpB almoBt together, and reBuming the fun between whiles. There must have been a lady in that case. " But what yon want to know is how we ride Cup races. Well the day comes. We saddle up, and weigh out. We are not hasty in getting through the gates, because there is an idea that the first horae out ia unlucky. Many jockeya have a regular fancy for coming out late. Now, I give my horse his preliminary canter or gallop. There are Borne horaea you must get away for a gallop before the start, or they are pretty aure to be left on the poBt. Others will bound right off at any moment, a great ad> vantaee. Some good ones are sure to be stiff, and must have their joints oiled by a downright rattle for a quarter of a mile. My instructions are either (1) to wait on them and come towards tbe finish ; (2) to make tbe running on my own account; (3) to make the running for another horse; (4) to block Bometbing. With a really first-class horse the instructions will be to wait and come. One of inferior stamp, with dash of foot, and weight that is a great deal too light—say a Nimblefoot, a Haricot, a Darriwell, or a Zulu—must usually be forced to the front, and kept there. Then there is the horaeon which I am only put to wind and tire out favouriteB. ThiB animal shoots a marvellous bolt, Bnd makes good ones run away, so that they get pumped ana flustered, cannot come at the right moment, when our second string, whatever it ia, the ' borae meant,' slips up. r' It ia no use blinking the fact that Bome horses, started altogether on the off chance, are very useful at jamming the favourite upon the rails, and keeping in front of something. You have got the inside on a ecrubber, and are deaf to all the criee of the man behind, with a horse full of running, to let him come up. Tbe new fence round tbe courae ia a help to these taction, and a fearfully dangerous thing besides. You see the Cup field is such mob that it obscures a good deal of bcientific riding. There is a ruck jumbled together like the worms in a pot when you go fishing. The rack will hug the rails, but if yon gallop wide you have ever so much further to go. Juat figure out the courae on a sheet of paper, and calculate. " We draw for places before going to the start. One has to get off well, and yet in hand. We mu»t shave as near as we can to being fined. As I pass the atand I have some idea whether it is my horae's day out. No one can afford to be tbe last along that oblique Btretch. Your horse may die away at the abattoira, and you will not really ride him another yard. Suppoae yon feel him pulling double there, then he haB a splendid chance. You let him comfortably pass one after another, and rounding the turn he is among the first half dozen, who have shaken off the field. Now you can ride freely, as if there waB no score of horses behind. " For the finish, you must sit down on your saddle. If flogiting, a man has to be careful not to strike another horse on tbe nose, which may throw him out of bis Btride, and bring in a foul. The arm is revolved, and you skim your horse's flank. It is a nice point to decide whether you shall run it out or not. A bad second or third will ruin your horse in future handicaps, and ensure you a blowing up for not easing him off. Owners don't care much for places. A jockey who keepB his head cool knows when he is flogging a dead borce. If you feel the go in him, why, let him run it out if there is a ghost of a chance. Still, take for your maxim, 'First or nowhere."' 