|g a practical joke tand its re- ! ' ."sults. . f 'A-most remarkable caso of insanity, .resulting from a practical joke, hps just come to light in the city of Youngstown, Ohio. Living about twoilea/from tho town is a family by tho namo , of Waters. ' They are all woll-to-do, pluin ooun- : tr people, who oojoy the respect of all thoir ; oxeiguueurs, ana nave a largo eirciu ui irieuus and relatives. Tho family consists of Mr and , Mrs Waters, now well advanced in yenrs ; two j fine- appearing aud sensible daughters, both; grown; .and ono son named Henry /who is a . handsome manly young fellow of 23, whose plea- i nant face has made him many friends. Henry ' bad been brought up oo the farm, and his. experi-; ence beyond the limits of his: home' and tho neighbouring towns has .been restricted to a single visit to Cleveland at the time of the Gar- field'.bbsequiea.' - He was much'givbh'Wr'oading light literature of thei blood and thundor bind, and his associates say. be was very superstitious Bnd bad at various times expressed himself/as believing in spirits and their visioned terrors. In fact, these strange fantasies had -so worked upon his simple nature that he always slept with a large old fashioned Coil's, revolver at the bead of his bed, where.he could place his hand upon St in an instant, . Knowing. liis woahnoss, somo of the neighbourhood boys plaiiiied, in the best of humour, a scheme"- to (frighten4 liim with a make believe ghost at_midnight's evil hour. A night was set for the perpetration .of the joke, and during the afierndbn one of the Jyoung men carefully drew all the bullets from Henry's pis tol,, leaving, the: powder in each , cartridge 'Undia- turbe'd/ and plaoed , the weapon, back in its accustomed ' plaob; 7 Henry retired "ds usual at half-past eight, and, about midnight, just as 'the moon was throwing a dim ray of light across the floor, one, of the boys, clad ill ghostly attire, stealthily entered the room and stood with out stretched "arms slowly muttering . unintelligible sentences. With an 'awakening tremor, Henry convulsively grasped his rovolvcr and sat up right in bed dumb - through fear. The ghost advanced a step, the multeringB continued, till Henry, wrought up to almost a frenzy, drew to au.aim the weapon- he auppoaed was charged with death,. and stammered; ""'If- you- are - a1 man, ' I shall kill you ; if you are a ghost tlus won't hurt you;" and with'that the loud report of" his 'pis-' tol startled the night's stillnesB. : There was. a quiqk'imotion 'of-' the shrowded arm, and the bullet was'thrown back, striking the headboard : at nty's/side, . This sent a cold/chilli; through hia/framej but a second time : he.: took; delibenito Mm.atjtbe.figure and fired. Again.'a motion a's if catching, the ( bullet, i and it! was1 throwu' back' upon , the bed; ! Almost'i paralysed " with' fear,' Henry, fired a third/ b! fourth, vand!'a'fiftIiV shot,' only to have the bujlets hurled_back with/'nbise- leBBmotion.from the.gliostly figure. . Then, for a brief 'moment/ Kb sat as'7if' transfigured/gazing with mute '"bewildbrmetit, -when, with a wild Bbriek of terror; Ibe fired thei last blank cart- ridge and hurled the pistol at the ghost. With a merry laugh the ghostly : figure' threw off his1 flowing garments and; through the "door came .. these who had gathered without to join1 in the' sport, when to their hor'rbr; tliey saw depicted on the face bf Henry an' expression which told the sad story that their joko had, alaB ! beon too well played. His mind . could not stand the Btraih. He was a raving maniac. The saddest part of the story is that, although sevoral. weeks have elapsed since young Waters was frightened, liehasnot shown the least::signs of .returning - sanityq j and;; .while/ not violent , is, constantly shrieking out and pointing.to imaginary ghosts.'It is a sad story, and a frightful warning to practical jokers. . v. \ s uv 