TURF TOPICS AND ANTICIPATIONS. Br Asmodeds. Old Father Christmas onco juoro sends ns greoting, and already wo are on the ova o£ nuot her season of roast beef and plum pudding., lilt, drink and bo morry would seem to bo tuo uni- Torsal mandate, but with tho Jicary racing calendar on hand, turf goers will find rhoinsojvos otherwise employed noxt week, when thcro aro no less than 22 recognisod meetings sot down for decision on Boxing' day alono, besides numoraus Others which aro not advertised in tho Mating CaUniar. i Thins it will bo soon that Christmas wopk will bo ono of unusual activity in : tho facing camp, and it behovos' all those who affect tho turf to gird up their loins and proparo 'thorn- selves for tho fray. Meanwhile, I must offor'my readers tho compliments of tho 'season, in' tho hopo that af tor'a joyous Christmas wo shall, ono and all, enter upon- tho now year with fresh tokonB of prosperity. ' . ...7 . ' | Prominent among tho Boxing day festivities will ko tho programme of events to ho dispotisod under tho auspices , of . tho? Victoria i Amateur Turf Club; at Oaulfldd, '.whdro Mr- Bond lias , mafia o'vditf V provision > for tho' reception of visitors." Bovoral ekto.nsiyo ' improyamontyrBl ho noticeiiMo at !thq' heajh, \ ginw the last mcetiDgi' andl into ho doubt the ;now arrangements aro sneh as to find increased favor with that portion of tho sporting public who liavo of late so liberally patronised tho popular institution which has its headquarters at Caulfiold. . Tuesday's bill of fare is of a bond fide and diversified character, woil calculated to satisfy, tho peculiar tastes of racing followers, for in it aro containod not only flat races of various distances, but also a hurdlo and steeplechaso, to- gothor with a couple of two-year-old events. Tho business of tho day will commence with tho Sell ing Ra'co, which event looks pretty well at tho mercy of Mr. Wecks's host, either Tho Ghost or Kanaka, whickovcr is entrusted with tho stable monoy. Tho Juvenilo Stakes is certain to attract a numerous field of horses, but notwithstanding tho ponalties incurred by the stable companions St. Lawrence and Duenna, the best of tbopairwill go very noar engaging tho judgo's eye, and with all his weight I fool inclined to award tho colt first call. Diana and Off Color avo about tho pick of the othors. P.G., notwithstanding that ho is supposed to hnvo turned rogue, is doing so well just now that it would not surpriso mo to seo him turn up trumps in tho Hurdlo Race, liis piost dangerous rivals koingBnsilisk and Discount, with Cracksman as the pick of tho light weights, Tho Christmas Handicap promises to bo a very hard thing to pick, my particular fancy being Col- stoun, whoso forward running in n big field liko that for tho Caulfiold Cup is bound to bo repeated at somo timo or other. Noxt to tho three-year- old I prefer tho chances of Baron von Mueller and Adventurer. Collingwood, with all his weight, will take somo boating for tho Steeplechaso, and I know of nothing cnpablo of doing tho trick un less it he either Fish or Blackthorn. Tom Jones ha3 Kambrook and Amelia Victoria engaged in tho Two-year-old Soiling Baco, and as Merry Fe- nella is protty much in the samo interest, tho hclcctcd ono of tho trio should win. Proceedings will wind up with tho Malvern Handicap, for which I am partial to tho chances of John Feel, Haidec of the Hills and Transferred, in the order written. Racing men will bo equally as busy across tho border on Boxing day, particularly at Randwick, wkero tho Australian Jockey Club intend to hold high fcstiyal. Tho big plum of the pudding is tho Sammcr Cup, and a little cherub whispers in effect that Tho Cocknoy and Sardonyx aro tho pro bablo heroes of tho occasion, It is well known that tho formor, although an inmate of Alsopp's stable, bus been under tho direction of Mr. E, Do Mcstro' for somo time past; and as his genial owner, " Sir Thomas do Coker," has made a special trip across tho Murray to see his horso perform, it .would not bo surprising to see him return to Melbourne heavily laden with tho spoils of a big victory; Bowaro thereforo of Tbo Cockney. To-day metropolitan habitues will bo asked to accord their patronage to tho Wyndham Racing Club, and, judging of the acceptances which ap- pear elsewhere, thero is every indication of a pleasant afternoon's sport. Tho racing will ho opened with the Selling Handicap, for which I prefer tho chances of Miss Jane. Monitor and Zanga should fight out the Hurdle iiaco between - them ; : and, if tho first named is in anything liko his best form, I10 ought to win. My choice rests batwoen Queen Mary and Colowort for tho Summer Handicap, while M'Kenna's best is almost bound to appro priate tbo Galloway Handicap. Prattle bas now Imd a long spell, and it may bo that she will re- coivo tho preference on the present occasion. I take Haideo of the Hills and Colowort to bo tho most leniently' treated in tho Flying Handicap. For the convenience of intending visitors to Wyndham >a special train will leave Sponccr- streot at 12.30 p.m., returning at a quarter to six o'clock. 1 Thcro aro hut few provincial towns irhoro a couplo of days' racing can bo enjoyed under moro agreeable circumstances than thoso usually met with at Hamilton. The hotel accommodation contrasts favorably with that mot with at tho majority of places outsido the metropolis, \vhilo thoiosident sports of the district are men of tho right kidney, and usually the racing is of a quality sufficiently interesting to satisfy tho ap petites of racegoers in general. Tho annual visit,' thoroforo, to tho western capital is an event of more than ordinary attraction to those who delight to enjoy a couplo of days' sport under such satisfactory conditions, and with regard to the. late celebrations under tho auspices of tho Westorn District Racing Club, it is furthermore picking to announce that tho meeting provod highly successful, financially and otherwise. Aided by matchlosB weather, tho 'attendance was well maintained on each of tho two' days, and tho course and its surroundings looked beautifully refreshing, thickly clad in all the verdant glory of spring time, and an tho tcs- timony of " tho oldost inhabitant"! the country around never showed to greater ndvantago at any corresponding period of the yoar. ' As regards tho racing, it cannot he said that tho programmo furnishod a . plethora of sport ; nevertheless what was therein contained proved of cho.ioo quality, . though limited iu quantity. . 01 this the finishes for tho Racing Club Handi cap, Trial Stakes and other events, affordodamplo proof. On the opening day the fielders experienced a. rare time of it, scarcely a winner's name being wjyttoii in any of tho. books, bnt tho tables were revorsed on tho concluding day, when the consecutive' victories of Bondigo, Boqiiot, Alma and Mahosgio caused a good deal of money to bo rescued from tho ring. The fight for tho two prin cipal handicaps of the mooting rested betweon King's Messenger , and Boquot, each gaining a victory in turn, . J Tho first named, who is nearly related to, and not unlike in appearance, First King— boing by King of tho Ring out of a Fromior maro— fiofpated Boquot by tho shortest of heads in tho Raoing Club Handicap, bnt on meet ing tho Melbourno maro on 0 lb. worse terms in tho Cup, he failed to stay the extra quarter of a milo, and tho 1 frooly supported : daughter of : Panic romped homo the' easiest of . winnors. Boquot is evidently returning to her old form, and now that shd! has 'broken tlVlobg spoil of defeats' which fbllpwodherlaatyictofyat Kensington Farkintho March Handicap, sho may again shortly bo heard of scoririg anothor winning hroipkot or two, Thero was nothing of muqh merlt opposod to Bondigo in eithor of pit, jumping races, bbth of whibh the vrofi'luily cnongb,' and fta man- ner suggoslivo'of his blossoming Into something bettor as a performer over the small sticks. Old Devlin, tho hero of many a hard fought race, ran gamely as over, but ho has lost a lot of his former pace, and is now greatly dis figured about tho understandings. Perhaps no event on the programme attracted each gcnninc enthusiasm amonc tho local contin gent as the race for the Half Mile Championship, for which thcro were three forfeits, tho issUo finally reducing itself to a match between tho local favorite' Toor Me, Hannibal and tho Mel. bourno galloway Lonorc. Tho latter was served np as a "good thing," hut sho unfortunately got loft at tho post, and was hopelessly out of tho the hunt at the start. Want of condition told on Poor Me after going a couple of furlongs, when Hannibal, who had few or no friends at 3 to 1, drew out an easy winner. Lenoro subsequently had a chanceof distinguishinghersclf inthoSolling Raeo, hut as she left the paddock with hershoes on', no one cared to back her. Tbo circumstances, however, didnot deter that ardentlocalsportsman, Mr. "Jock" Robertson, claiming her for £G0, thereby giving tho club's finances a good lift into tho bargain. Tho Boquot party planked down tho dollars right confidently on Gas for tho Pony Race, but tbo result showed tho raeo to bo a soft thing for Mabasgie, and thus tho meeting terminated with tho overthrow of what was thought to ho a very clover little coup. Owners of horses arc, with few exceptions, so rigidly chronic in their complaints of handicaps and tho weights imposed on their representatives ' from timo to time that ono is always inclinod to ' turn a deaf ear to their customary growls ; hut occasionally instances do occur whero our public handicappors aro at fault, and when thoir handi work shows a decided want of attention. This appears to bo the case with Mr. Barnard in tho Thrco-ycar-oldHandicap, to bo run for at Fleming- tononNew Year's day. On whatporformanocs, for example, is Prometheus called upon to head tho list, and conecdo weight to a filly liko Jessie? Then again— what on oarth has Aliander over done to givo 9 lb. to Little Jack and Tho Plunger, both winners of important handicaps this season? Why, also, is Sylvanus, who never gained a win ning bracket until silencing tha claims of two moderate animals liko Gostwyck and Essox in tho Essendon Stakes at tho last Flcmington mooting, asked to mako allowances to such horses as Little Jack, The Plunger, and Anglesey, whoso handicap form is far abovo anything hitherto displayed by Sylvanus over a mile and a half of ground ? Furthermore, Lesbia, after her brilliant exhibitions in tho Spring and Beudigo Handicaps, must hold the majority of thoso above her perfectly safe at 6 st, 13 lb., no matter whother sho wins or not. Perhaps the most glaring inconsistency of this faulty handicap is the relative weights of Prometheus and Colstoun. It will bo remember? 1 that both horses met at oven weights in the Railway Stakes at Fleming- ton, whore CoLstoun ran second to Boolka, and Fromothcus finished nowhere. Tho last named, although perhaps not quite himself, but suffi ciently weU to induce his late owner to back him for a heavy stako under the artistic piloting of Hales, was hopelessly beaten; and I think it is nothing short of cruelty to how ask him to eoncodo 110 less that 20 lb. to thehorsa that defeated him so easily only two months ago, Under tho circumstances, it is not surprising to know that tho pen was caused to bo drawn through Promotheus's namo immediately tho weights becarno known. It is sneh glaring errors as thoso apparent in tho weights for tho Thrco-ycar-old Handicap which bring hornets' nests around our handieappers' cars. Itisbutsoldomthatlhavchad occasion to draw attention to tho shortcomings of onr pnblic handieappers, lint Mr. Barnard ap pears to have so completely overlooked tho re spective merits of tho thrce-yeaT-old division in this particular case thatl doom it my duty to ho a littlo moro explicit than usual on this dclieato point. Experience has taught us that betting is an ovil not easily to ho eradicated, moro espcoially in connection with horse racing, and tho attempts which have boon mado from timo to timo to legis late upon tho subject all go to provo tho folly of attempting to mako tho speculating soction of her Majesty's subjects non-gamblers by act of Parliament. According to latest accounts to hand by tho mail, howover, tho English police authorities aro still following up their offorts against tho betting community, and summonses havo been issued against tho Manchester Race course Company for allowing betting on the courso, and thirty or moro betting mon for bet ting thero at the July meeting, which woro to havo been heard recently, but havo boon postponed, as tho police havo found great difficulty in sor- ving tho summonses on somo of them. The case will bo a very important ono, and on tho decision will depend tho continuance of many othors. Tho raid against tho bookmaking fraternity has been oven moro rigorously nnd successfully carried on in America, and a complete step has been put to betting at Jcromo Park. According to tho London SporUman , tho action of the Now York city authorities in pro- venting publio betting at tho recent autumn meeting of the American' Jookoy Club at Jorome Park, which began 30tlr September and ended 7th Octobor, has been productive of much sovero comment, and tho falling off in attendance so plainly noticeable each day proved conclusively how important an adjunct is speculation to racing. Lack of sympathy between tho several local authorities is gonorally admitted to ho tho reason why an unjust and absurd law was striotly enforced. A strong feolihg between Bovoral of the lesser " metalUoiana " to hot anyhow was frowned down by tho most influential book makers, added to tho fact that sovoral trivial arrests were mado by tho police, in earnest,, as it woro, of tho intention of tho authorities to enforce tho law, Tho moro cx- tonsivo bookmakers agreed that if thoy accepted tho situation and refused to hot the. association would bo '. compollod oithcr to demand a modification of the law or abandon racing at that p'oint, .whilo tho "officers of tho' association! claim that, iho phjeetipnahlo law is framed on a similar ono in forco/ in England, and was nover intended to operate an stringently as now in terpreted by tho authorities., 1: . . V. : ' To those interested in 'racing , piocodonts tho following forms a very curious case. Tie Jersey Royal Court were engaged rosently in an action' brought by a Mr. J, Dalton against tho secretary of tho Jersey Race Committco for £-10, boing tho- stakes won by hie horso Chepstow at thoir July; meeting for horses that limited with tho Jersey; drag. Tho plaintiff's entry was received and paid for j but Chepstow oil being brought to weigh was objected to for not having fulfilled tho required, conditions. Tho master of tho bunt, Captain Seymour, and also tho racing stewards, refused a certificate of qualification for Chepstow, and tho plaintiff was told Chepstow could not start, but in.spito of this ho was brought to tho post, started, and won easily. Mr. Dalton then claimed the i stakes, but the stewards refused to pay. The stewards having had their decision reversed by tho Royal Court in a similar dispute on another occasion in the race for Her Majesty's Cup, do- ciincd to investigate plaintiff's caso, as they had : 110 guarantee that thoir decision would on this oc- casion he accepted as binding. Tho plaintiff then ' mado a statement to tho court that tho stewards' objection to his horse Chepstow aroso entirely from thoir favoritism to tho owners of tho other - horses in tho race. Tho court, after hearing theso- preliminary statements,, and no doubt fooling,' that somo blunder had been made by tho court in tbo case of Her Majesty's Cup, in not roeognis-1 ing tbo laws of racing— laws founded on equity —adjourned, after making an order that tho case should bo hoard with witnesses at another meet ing. The "punters" had a rare outing at Kensing ton Park last Saturday, for, excepting Diligent's defeat in the Steeplechase, tho favorites carried everything before them, nnd tho "hooks" camd away denonneing tho " dry ash" business of tha afternoon, and everything connected therewith. On Friday noxt thoy will bo afforded a final op? portunity of recouping themselves at tho Park, 0 U which occasion Mr. W. S. Cox intends to road the burial service. Mr. E. Weeks, tho wellknown owner of horaoyy misbehaved himself to such an extent at Kaii« sington Park last Saturday that ho was callcct ' boforo tho stewards on the following Monday anfi fined £20. Tho amount has to bo paid within m wook, otherwise disqualification will resnlt. At Mr. W. S. Cox's suggestion tho fiuo is to bo handed over to charities— viz., £10 to tho Ores wick Relief Fund and £5 each to tho two Mela bourne hospitals, , Mr. R. M'Kenna has disposed of his well known racing pony Billy Buttons to Messrs. Lear- month and Madden for £100, and tho littlo cream took his departuro for India at tho commence ment of tho week along with a large cargo of horses, numboring about 250 altogether. Thcra aro sovoral well bred horsc3 included in the ship ment, and I hopo Mr. ' Learmonth every success with his valuable freight. Tho committco of tho Victoria Amateur Turf ' Club has decided that all bookmakers desirons of plying thoir calling at Caulfield on Boxing ' day shall pay a too of ono guinea. Thisreasonabje charge has found favor with tho mcmficr3of tha. ring, and a largo number of names have already been handed in to tho secretary. Tho question; of permanently licensing tho bookmakers will no doubt bo considered at somo future date, and a yearly feo fixed upon similarly to that adopted ' bythoY.R.O. It will interest votaries of tho trotting track to ; hoar that thcro was a tromondons raeo at Lox- ' ington, Ky,, on 16th October, between tho cole- ' brated Budd Doble's brown stallion Monroo Chief ' andW. F. Anderson's bay maro Rosa Wilkes. . Tho stallion won tho first heat by a head, in" 2\. 19 J ; tho mai'O" won tho socond iii 2,191, and tho third in 2.19J ; tiio fourth " heat was dead, in 2.20, and tho stallion won the fifth and sixth; timo of each heat, 2.21J.' When wo aro afforded sport of thi3 description at Eistcrnwick, trotting will quickly become popular. After tho Soiling Raeo at Hamilton last wook,' a bookmakor, named S. T. Jacobs, openly aceusoif, , M. Hardiman, the owner of Lenoro, of his marq beinga "stiff'un," sho having run in hor ordi< nary shoes. Words ran high for a timo, thej scene terminating by Hardiman reporting Jacobs to tho stewards, who called upon tho parties . conccrnod to appoar boforo them on the following morning. Jacobs, 1 beliovo, paid no attention . to tho matter, and returned to Melbonmo that . night. Hardiman has since threatened Jacobs tq defend an action at law, damages boing spoken of at something liko £1000. Writing of Archer, tho celebrated jockey, thq Referee says " Ho that has much shall always havo moro, so we aro told, and yet it somotimos , Booms as though Aroher's llfo was ono long and . ever-continuous testimonial. Thoro is talk of his, in addition to tho testimonial, rocoiving somq recognition of his valuable services from thq. Stato. Baronetcies and K.C.B. -ships havo been flung around pretty plcntcously of late and. folk do say that somo of tho. recipients- oi . thoso favors havo done littlo or nothing/ to dcscrro thorn. Now what could ho more popular, moro honestly earned, or mora delicate - 'as a tribute to tho importance of Newmarket; than that Archor on tho occasion of his marriage ; should ho enabled to write Bart or K.C.B. afteij, his namo, and bo in future known as Siq ; Frederick. Suroly hodoservos tho honor at least as much as any of tbo titled onos who have ; merelymadomonoy— mado it by chcesomongering,' dust-contracting, nawying, or jorry-building, or ; who havo had it.mado for thorn in any of these / ways by their, immediate progenitors. New - market is not yet a parliamentary borough ; if it , were, 2 to 1 might frooly bo hotted on Freddy , going up to St. Stephen's did ho hut caro for any 7 such doubtful honor." At the mooting of tho stewards of tho' Sale -; Turf Club on Saturday last, it was decided. to chango tho dato of tho annual mooting , consequent upon tha . Itandwick races taking ; ; placo on tho same days as thoso;; originally fixed. After somo discussion tho moot- . ing was fixed for tho 11th and 12th April noxt j ;,, day of nomination, 10th March ; declaration of weights on or boforo 21th March ; general ontry,'. ; 7th ApriL Tho . programmo was , revised . and ; r agroedto. There is a strong probability that the,,, mooting will bo tho host over held at Salo.. : j Tho hurilloracor . P.G. is --supposed to hayo turned roguo, and is now exercised in winkors,; ; Ho is vory fresh withal, and is doing, capital .work 1( at Flpmington. It"''1 Thoso horso ownora interested in tho Normanby Citatnpion States, ato reminded that tho for- fcits, 5 sovs., for the former and 10 bovs. for. the latter, < requiro to ho paid before eieyon o'clpchpu the Saturday.-.precetlinE.tbo race, otherwise nomi nators will be.como liable for tho whole stake. , ." Tko date of the .final meeting to bo held at Ken sington Park has been changed from the 30th. to tho 20th insfc.; - . .. : Wooleortcr ran 'so suspiciously- in tlio Selling Hack Race at Qoulburn that tho stewards- dis qualified tlio. .horse, ownc(Reardon) and rider (Haggerson) for a period of two years. ."Mr. J. E. Savillo has- at last undertaken his iotig talked of trip to England, and will be ab sent from the colony for an indefinite roriod. ;Tho?o ".'appears .-.to, have, been a nice little game .played -in- connection with Carmelito and. Valotta for the Summer , Cup. Both havo bad- tbeir names brought prominently forward in tho betting quotations, only, howover, to bo finally scratched, and. leave a number of lamenting backers. . The autumn- meeting or tho South Australian Jockey Club has, been fixed for tho fiUi, 10th and 12th Hay, when added. . money to tho amoautof j85 will be offered for distribution. , Tho datcof thcannual races at Kaariinba has been fixed for Tuesday, 22ml February. .. -The Jockey Club of England recently passed a rule which has- empowered tbcin to exercise in future their discretionary power of withholding ' -licences from all jockeys who are owners or part owners of horses, orwho notoriously bet on horse racos. i - Air.. E. Do Mestte returned from Sydney at the ' commencement ;o£ the week, for the purpose of , imparting the finishing polish to Navigator's ! preparation prior to the crack three- yeav-old's ap pearance at Flemington on New Year's day. No ,borse in training. has. been doing bettor than tho .3)orby winner since the Spring Meeting, and lie is 'confidently expected to strip in full bloom for the Championship. lie performed splendidly over three. miles, in coppany with Sweet William, on Tuesday morning last.. ' Leithamstead not. being qualified .to. compete for tho 2 min. 45 sec. Trotting Race, which he win, under protest, at the late Elsternwick meet ing, the 'stewards bad no alternative but to dis qualify hini and award the stakes to Sylph.' Joo Morrison's string at -Flemington has re ceived an addition in Obadiab, a cross-country horse hailing from- Rivcvina. Kathleen Mavour- ncen, from the .same district, has joined T.XJof- fey's team. , . Ownors of horses should he mindful of the fact that, the numerous valuable stakes to be distri buted, at Flemington, under this auspices of the Victorian Club, close at four o'clock on Thursday next, the 23th iust. The Victorian Club Cup, of 500 so?:?. ; the Bookmakers Purse, of 300 sovs. ; the Two-year- old Stakes, of 200 sovs. ; the Steeple- cliaee, .of : 200.sovs. ; and the Hurdle Race, of 150 sovs., arc items calculated to be duly appreciated . by«nomindtors in general. . The booths and gates for the, New Year's Bay Meeting at Flemington will bo submitted to Auction as usual at Kirk's Bazaar, at noon, next Wednesday, . By an ofiicial announcement which appears elsewhere, owners are warned that any horses competing at tlie following meetings will bo per- pqtuully. disqualified from ruuning at . any races where the Y.R.C. rules are in.forcej in conse quence of tho meetings not being advertised in the Jlacing 'Calendar ;Ballan, Balmoral, Yarra ;FIats, Trentham, "Balnafring and Hastings, Lake 'Rowan, Digby, Strathbogio, Becchwbrthj Alyrtle- ford, Lexton, Springdallah and Linton, Pyalong Buuinyong and Wickliffe. Notwillistanding .the close proximity t of the V.R.& 'Champmn Meeting, '.the week has passed away without anything eventful, takiug place at Flemington, and. the morning doings have not been of a very entertaining character. The main attraction has'been centred in Commotion, whose movements have beon particularly quiet, ' i.e., as far'as what has been seen of the crack in broad daylight; Rumor hath it,' however, that ilorri- sc occasionally Visits/ tlic ground before the. ekadps of _hightbave entirely, disappeared, and that, the crack does his heat., work' before the earliest of the'early risers nsltaBy wipe the coh- jwobs from off their, eyes; ' Buying" the week I bSvo ' made four. early visits 'tp the ground and on only oho occasion havo I. seen jifni'go,' out of .a canter, namely on Tuesday; . He still goes gin gerly in his slow paces, but throws, off all symp- toms of soreness' when extended. . "As Morrison, delights in evading tho critical eye "of the tout, it may be ' taken ; for" granted that nothing ; much will be seen of the beat .work done by Commo tion 'twixt this and. the Champion day, ..and any oiie desirous of seeing the crack go his finishing gallops over the distance, proper must pitch his tent permanently on the Saltwater flat. Guesswork has performed in the best style during the week, and .has done several good gallops tinder the pilotage of Cracknel!; who will .'fitter him in the'Champiort'Stakes; On Thursday morning lie ran two'milcs in ,3 min. 44 sec., the last'rpiiud occupying 2 min. Slisec.J and the last' inilo 1.48. This was an excellent go, and pro- Vidod the spce'dj little chesnut, takes it into his . head to display the samo form in public there are mote' unlikely things than for South Australia to furnish another Conolahui surprise. The hurdle racers, P; G. and Basililr, are doing remrirkably well, and arb evidently intended to ;disttngut9U themselves in thoi jumping eyents -now. on the /apis. Colewort went-a satisfactory mile'.aud a quarter on Thursday morning, and it would not surprise me, to see him score a' win at Wyhdham th is afternoon. Adventurer, Songster, Magnet, Lapsfone, Queen Mary, . Blackthorn, Buiro, Premier,. Petrel, Bathurst; John .Peel, Bissahio, .Baron Yon Mueller, Balthazar and ;Angfijsey havo been fdoing'the best7 work among ' thVrcfpaindef of jthe. Flemington trained division. King of the Vale "has. been very cautious in his movements, and. I look upon him as a doubtful etartbr for tho Cbampiotr Stakes; - ! Tho hurdle ahd steeplechase jockey, Kilduff, tao'fc' with "n aenbu3" accident1 whilst riding F. Stoiffisqn'aGabnVs Chrbhbgrapli nn exercise gallop at Fiemington on '.Thursday morning. The horse boltod off tho fl-ack at tho old shois, and as' he noarly ran oyor mq'I was curioijs enough to watch bis bubsoauont bdhavior.' ' Befpro' reaching the. mile post Kildqff got him oiytho track again, .and" being joined by a companion the pair startcd off at a sharp gallop. 1 Gaunt's- ChrouogfaphT still j continuod to rqn nhluh'dly', hoevcr.and wlien Uiilf waj' down t,lic avenue, Jj.o dclihcnitbly. shifted and 'attempted to jump the fenqe, horsiq and rider : coming a terriblo cropper;- . On belhg picked up in t an unebnscious'stabo Kildnff.was found tbhavo bus- talncda deep gasdi behind tlip ear. ; JIri Mitchell, of the Racccourse.Hotcl, Sirii.s quickly on ihespot with his spriog waggon,, and- cbliveycd. Kilduff , to; Br. Turner's residence at .Moonce Ponds, where the wound was duly dressed, after which tlie injured jockoy ,was conveyod to. his home close by.' Ho remained in an uncbhacious .condition during the greater portion of the clay, but, I am glad to say he has since shown signs of , recover, and is out ofdanger. V « . , ft is with regrot that I. have. to annouuce tlio death oE Harry Horiey, who was for.,yoars asso ciated with the late Mr. S. Waldock in the direc tion of that sportsman's training 'stables at Flemington. Horiey was woll known to ' all racing men as a genial, kind- hearted, man, .indjie was a. great favorite . with . his brother trainMs.. , For years past he has beein a terrible martyr to gout, and died on Thursday .ladtaftefr a. lingering and painful illness. Toor old flurry did not long 'sur- yivc his friend'and mastCf,. Sam Waldock. Whoa 10 to 1 was offered against Middlemarch on Thursday morning his presence a.t Flemington w as open to doubt, but as he has iiice taken his departure from Sydney ia oompany with Segen- hoe, this circumstance has caused . him to be more respected by .the layers of odds. Ir. Fenneliy's pair are expected to mako their ap pearance at Flemington to-ddy. Lahiohd leaves Sydney to-day (Saturday), .. with. ;Barcbin and Narina. .r The Victoria Amateur Turf, Club. have selected , the following dates for 18S3, namely, 10th Feb ruary, 21th March, 2Sth April; 30lh" Juno, 18th August, 13th October, 20th October,. and 2Gth December. On Boxing day special trains will leave for Coalfield at 11.20, 1112;- andljfi. 