Original Poetry A SEANCE ON YE REVIVAL OF YE ANCIENT DAYS OF CRINOLINE, AS IT APPEARED IN YE ANCIENT DAYS OF THE LAST JOURNEY OF THE WINDSOR COACH. "There is a skeleton in every house," So said an old Italian tall; and once upon time A "Skeleton" in Windsor Coach Went forth at morning prime. A priest, a sailor, farmers four, And dames with bonnets on; And "wide awakes," a sleepy store, Went with the Skeleton. They wist not of this awesome thing, Whose white and grisly frame In paper packed and tied with string Serenely therein lain. But for the keen suspicious eyes Of one who malice bore, To these uncouth anatomies; And happy those who were. He was an ancient bachelor-- And often in the press Of theatres, court-rooms and Church, the spreading dress Of ladies tall and ladies short Had thrust him to the edge Of seats, where he could neither see or hear-- a helpless wedge. So in a hollow voice he spoke-- "It is a monstrous thing For Christian folk to sit beside yon parcel tied with string!" Awaking from a drowsy dream The farmer cried "What for?" "It is a Skeleton" replied that spiteful bachelor! "Ha!" said a youthful volunteer, With dusty brow and beard, And wicked eyes that gaily glanced upon the man afeard; "For many a night, a polka light With Skeletons I've danced; Oft in a [?] temps whisked them round, and round, and in a galop pranced. "And what, young Sir, is that you have-- tied in the parcel there!'' "A Skeleton!" replied the knight--beloved of ladies fair-- "You killed the girl! confess the truth, With poison or the knife, You slew her in her giddy youth Mayhap she was your wife?" "I have no wife, my rustic friend--a sister I will own-- And though this is her Skeleton------" "Ho! Paddy" called out Farmer Gray, "is this the parish hearse? I'll ride no more along side this--a ghost or something worse! Wake up, good people, from your snooze-- For here's a darksome chap A nussing of a Skeleton, like a babby on his lap!" The women shrieked, the sailor swore, the parson said "Amen!" And starting from her sleep at once A damsel laughed in vain. In days of old, one skeleton was more than quite enough To make us loathly ponder on, And feel what "perilous stuff" Upheld our lives--but now 'tis fact We wisely may deplore, That many a house is stiffly packed with skeletons a score. QUIZ. 