The Brisbane Courier has lately favored the public with one of those curious transformation scenes which may be considered a triumph of art. Leading journals, as all the world knows, are not as other men or journals are. They hare superior faculties, superior sources of informa tion, and they are sometimes supposed to be endowed with a kind of intelli gence wnich hits tnem above the level of ordinary mortals. No wonder then that a certain weight of authority should be attached to their most pro nounced opinions ! They are sup posed to have been arrived at de liberately, and they purport to present in a readable form the conclusions arrived at by the general public. It is customary, however, with leading journals, here and elsewhere, to en deavour to preserve a semblance of consistency. If it is necessary to give expression to a change of opinion, which does not coincide with that which has been previously expressed, it is usual to take some pains to pre pare the way for it. The experienced navigators who direct the course of our leading journals are supposed to be more or lees weatherwise. They scan the horizon, consult their baro meters, and are believed to be conver sant with the signs of the times. If the wind changes they must be pre pared for it, and they may have to alter their course accordingly. It is rather an unusual thing, however, for the wind to chop right round from north to south, or from east to west, and if ever it does it is not absolutely necessary to alter the ship's course in exact accordance with the wind. There is not such a thing as the possibility of maintaining a definite course without being wholly dependent on either the wind or the weather. The loading journal, however, lias suddenly made a discovery. For the last three or four years it has been holding forth on the principle of con structing our inland railways by means of land-grants. Where the land has not been alienated, it was admitted that a portion of it might be made to serve the purpose of constructing the line. In season, and almost out of season, it has encouraged a belief in this principle. Suddenly, and for some cause not yet quite discernible to ordinary mortals, it has chopped right round. The navigator, or, as the editor of the Courier puts it, 'the present writer,' has seen the error of his ways. Who 'the present writer ' may be, no one, of course, knows and no one probably cares ; but it is a matter of some importance that the responsible editor of the Courier, after a lengthened period, during which he has presented his full front to the public, should suddenly turn round and present that side of his person to the public which is not his front. The result is that the public are rather shocked. Even great leading journals like the Times have been known to execute this feat, but it is never one which provokes much applause, how ever necessary it sometimes may be. 'The present writer' of the Courier, having his justification we presume, boldly makes his renunciation in the presence of the public with all the zeal which is so characteristic of the convert. Who the 'present writer ' is can, of course, only be surmised. It has not yet become the custom to attach names or initials to editorial comments, though a good deal may be said in favor of the custom. 'The present writer,' how over, was, it seems rather ih favor than otherwise of a guarantee for the con struction of the Transcontinental. That, however, was opposed to the wishes of Parliament. In addition to this a gentleman of the name of Ceiohton who once lived- in New Zealand, and who now lives in San Francisco, has expressed an opinion ad verse to land-grant lines in America. This opinion has lately been published in one of our Australian periodicals, and it has had such an effect upon ' the present writer' that he has in duced the editor of the Courier to present, as wo have said, his other side to the public, on this question of tho Transcontinental. He still advocates tho formation of the line. Ho still adheres to the route. But 'the pre sent writer,' admitting that it may cost eight millions before it is com pleted, coolly recommends that we should borrow the money for the purpose. This is something quite new. We have never understood the advocates of the Transcontinental railway to advocate anything of the kind. This trunk line of the future has been hitherto justified on several grounds. 1st, That it should have the effect of opening out the country, and of render ing accessible much land which cannot now be occupied profitably for any purpose. 2nd, That it might be made to do this without attaching to the revenue any burthen either present or prospective, and 3rd, that the carrying out of such an enterprise would in all probability have a most stimulating effect upon the progress of the eolony. Of course it would be idle to deny that there are objections to the land grant system, and there is no doubt that these objections might, under inefScent 'administration, become most 'serious aiid eren fatal. It seems however, that the Transcontinental is now boldly justified as a Bcheme which wo may succeed in carrying out by means of borrowed money. If these are the viewB entertained by the more advanced Transcontinentalmts and by ' the present writers' of the period, it is just as well that they shouldbe avowed. One thing is certain. They open out before us a wonderful vista of more money borrowed or squandered for purposes far in advance of our present requirements. Those requirements are, and ought to be, limited at present to the habitat of our present population. Whatever else may be said in favor of this trunk lino, there is this much to be said about it, that the public have certainly not yet come to the conclusion arrived at by ' the present writer.' We are in clined to think that it will be some time before they do. Mr Meston.— Whilst regretting that Mr Meston is leaving the press for more peace ful and fresh scenes, we (Sugar Planter for April) cannot but wish him health, prosperity, and success as a plantation manager at Cairns. Our Supplement to- day contains poetry ('The ghost on horse-back' and 'Day- dawn'), ' Saved by a mirage ;' ' Hitches at the alter ;' ' Outrage upon British officers in Turkey ;' and a list of impoundinge. Also Messrs. Wilson Bros. & Co.'s monthly com mercial report, Sydney commorci.il roports, and the following articles: — 'Australian frozon meat in England ;' Clearing land ;' 'Egyptian wheat;' Quick returns cssen tial;' 'Reservoirs for irrigation;' 'Impure milk ;' useful hinlB on pootry, and a num ber of receipts. Wkslbtan.— Tho Rev. E. J. Rortd, Mia. Rodd, and family, were passengers by tho steamer Ranelagh which arrived in Brisbane from Sydney yesterday. Mr. Rodd will preach in tho Wesleyan church on Sunday. The Weather. — A storm passod over Toowoomba last night, and for a short while thero was a very heavy rainfall accompa nied with a strong wind. The total rain Tall was 1*20 inch. Westbrook. — Our correspondent writing from the Westbrook Homestead Area, said that the recent rains in that district did not amount to much, not more than half an inch having fallen. It has not done any good to the potatoes and late corn, although it has freshed up the grass somewhat. Unless rain falls soon, and more copiously there will not be any grass for winter. Farmers are pre- paring their land for wheat, but as yet none has been planted in this district. Toowoomba. District Court. — The Dis trict Court was opened in its criminal juris diction this morning before Acting-Judqe Mansfield (in the absence, through illness of Judge Holy), but there not being any busi ness, His Honour thanked the jurors for their attendance, and the court adjourned sine die. The court then sat in its civil jurisdiction, when the case of F. A. Primrose v. Campbell Bros, was called on. Mr Mil lar appeared for plaintiff, and Mr Sheridan for defendants. Mr Miller announced that the case had been withdrawn, and Mr Sheridan applied for costs. His Honor granted the application. An appeal case was then called on — Barkman v. Thorns, Mr Miller for appellant, and Mr Sheridan for respondent. Mr Miller stated that the case was brought under the 31st section of the Masters' and Servants' Act. In this case Barkman had sued Thoms at Goondiwindi, and the Police Magistrate (Mr Francis) had given a verdict for the plaintiff. Thoms im mediately gave notice of appeal, and the Police Magistrate arranged for the appeal to be heard by a Judge in Chambers on Circuit and subsequently it was altered to the Judge of a District Court. A fresh bond was then entered into, and the first one cancelled. His client had also paid the amount of the judg ment into the court. Mr Sheridan took exception to the bond because the Act pro vided for two sureties, and the bond was signed by the appellant himself, who could not be his own surety. The Act also provided for the bond to be double the amount of the claim, and to be entered into within ten days of the notice of appeal, whereas in this case twelve days had elapsed ; and the Act, more over, did not provide for any bond being cancelled. His Honor held that the objections were fatal, and dismissed the appeal. Mr Sheridan applied for costs, and His Honor allowed three guineas. Mr Miller gave notice of appeal to the Supreme Court. This con cluded the business, and the court adjourned. Gregory Gold Mining Company.— The prospectus of this company is now before the public and affords an opportunity for profit able investment, with the chance of hand some returns, not often offered. The company is being formed for the purchase of the Queen of the North prospecting claim and Nos. 1 and 2 south adjoining, proved to be the premier claim on the Palmer goldfield, the total crushings having averaged a return of nearly four ounces of gold per ton, the value of the gold being as high as £4 3s. per ounce A friend, who is a practical miner and in no way interested in the company, except, we believe, as an intending shareholder, writes to say that he has had an interview with the manager for the company and fully believes it to be a fair investment. We shall be happy to supply intending shareholders with forms of application for shares. Loss of A Boat's Crew. — The Immigra tion Agent (Sir Ralph Gore) has received the following letter, dated March 20, from Mr Robert F. Stidolph, Government agent on board the labour schooner Chance ; the letter was forwarded by the French vessel Idao, of Noumea, which was spoken by the Chance while on her way to Havana Harbour: — ' I have the honor to report, with regret, the loss of one of my boats, with all hands perished, off the Island of Tanna. Myself picked up in the afternoon of the following day. The captain worked the island for three days, looking after the missing boat. Further particulars will be sent. Myself and crew nearly done. The boat's crew either mas sacred or swamped.' The above letter is rather incomprehensible, but there seems no doubt from it that a boat's crew of the Chance have been either killed by the savages at Tanna or drowned.— Telegraph. Accident. — A serious accident occurred on Tuesday last at Messrs. Stephens & Co's. new buildings in Ruthven-street. A piece of iron — a portion of the lift — weighing about a quarter of a ton, had been left leaning against a post when a lad named Wedd, over balanced it and it fell on him breaking his right thigh. The sufferer was imme diately conveyed to the Hospital. The lad is about fourteen years of age, and is a son of Mrs. Wedd, of Herries-street. Registration Court. — An adjourned sitting of this court was held on Wednesday morning before the Police Magistrate and Mr F. H. Holberton J.P. for the purpose of considering the claims of C. Keagan, D. Keleher, C. Reen, and W. Sheehan to have their names inserted on the electoral roll for the district of Aubigny : of Denis Reen, for the Darling Downs ; and of J. Hayes, J. M'Mahon, J. Rood, and P. Reen, for the district of Drayton and Toowoomba. .At the court held on the 4th instant the Bench were not satisfied with the genuineness of the signatures and adjourned the court in order to allow the applicants to prove their claims. None of the applicants appeared. The Police Magistrate regretted that more magistrates had not attended, and of all invited only one was present. He held that the Bench could not refuse to put the names on the roll, although he knew that three of the applicants whose names appeared on the application forms could not write. Mr. Holberton concurred with the Police Magis trate's decision and said it was clear that the names and signatures were all in one hand writing, and were forgeries. The Bench then ordered the names to be inserted on the lists and advertised. The advertisement appears in our columns to-day, from which it will be seen that objections to any of the names must be sent to the Clerk of Petty Sessions and to the person objected to, not later than June 20. The Downs vekrsus Brisbane. — The Downs representatives now trying their strength in Brisbane, were entertained at a picnic to Lytton on Wednesday, and in the evening a billiard match was played at the Queensland Club. Thu Courier states that the Downs representatives were Messrs. H. Cole, V. Kent, and Hamilton, and the local men Messrs. W. Cimluun, J. Keane, and F.O. Darvall. It was arranged that the match should be decided by the best out of three games of 150 up, and as Mr Darvall suc ceeded in beating Mr Kent, and Mr Keane disposed of Mr Hamilton, the victory was clearly with the Brisbane men, and there was no necessity to play out the third game. The whist match — Downs v. Brisbane — was played at the Queensland Club last night. The Downs representatives were Messrs. ]!. Cole and Itiinisuy, who played Messrs. H. Donkin and U. Miller; and Messrs. Hodgson and Hamilton, who plnyed Messrs. Virgil Power mid W. S. Paul. Thu match was to be decided by thu best of live rubbers ; and the Bris bane representatives came oft the winners. The Downs men played a cricket match in the Queens Park ycatorday agaiust an cloven chosen by Mr Newton. The Hrisbane repre sentatives wou tho inatoh with live wickets to sparo. The scoiesi were : — Downs first innings, 31 ; second innings, 7S. Brisbano Hrsfc innings, 81 ; second innings (with five wickets to fall) 29. Death of an Old Colonist. — Yester- day's Queensland Times says : — " A very old colonist — Mr William Patrick, sen. — died on Saturday last at the advanced age of seventy three years. The deceased had been suffering somewhat, of late, from rheumatism, but nothing serious was anticipated until Tuesday, the 4th instant, when he was brought down from Tarampa to thu residence of his son-in- law (Mr F. G. Springall) at North Ipswich for medical attendance. The complaint from which he was suffering had, it was found, attacked his heart, and he died peacefully on the following Saturday. Mr Patrick came out to Moreton Bay in the year 1842, and went to Mount Brisbane Station for about a year. He then resided for some time in Little Ipswich, and about twenty-five years ago left to live at Walloon. Mr Patrick subsequently, with his sons, selected land largely about Tarampa, and finally settled un the banks of Lockyers Creek, where he followed dairying and grazing pursuits with much success. A widow and a grown-up family of seven sons and daughters survive him. In Insolvency :— W. T, Perkins.— -An application for u certificate of discharge of William Taylor Perkins was madn in the Supreme Court, Brisbane, in its insolvency Jurisdiction, before. Mr Justice Pring, on Wednesday last. After hearing argument, aud having perused affidavits, his Honor said that this was an application for a certificate of disuhargo under subsection I of section 107 of thfi Insolvency Act of IS74, under which it would be granted if it could bu shown that the insolvency had arisen from circumstances for which the insolvent could not justly he held responsible, In a similar case — tho case of Quinn— which had also been an ap plication before his Honour, he had laid down that tho onus of proof lay on the in solvent, and that the insolvent must show that ho could not reasonably be responsible for his insolvency. The circumstances of tho present ouso, as gathered from the affi davits filed, woro that in 1870 tho in. solvent had borrowed £500 from the Bank of New South Wales, and that two years ,igo the Bank sued him for £2000, whioh the latter said was alleged to be due for principal and interest on the said £500. Action was taken, and a defence entered, as it appeared from the affidavits, on tho advice of the insolvent's solicitors. Tho court had no moans of knowing the naturo of that advice, but judging from the affidavits it must havo been of a cautious character, as the insolvent had to pay all the costs. The court ?were desir ous to know tho naturo of tbo advice- given. Looking haok to tho time of adjudication, it appeared that the Bank of Now South Walos wore at that timo creditors of tho insolvout to tho oxtont of £2008 12s 2d, being an increase of £90S 13a 2d on the amount claimed at tho time tho aotjon was com menced. In that action tho insolvent had failod, and nut his creditors to an enormous expense, whilo his own costs had also boon very great. Ho had then realised all hia property, with a alight exception, and ap peared to havo paid it away to' his solicitors as a vengeiico on his creditors. When a man was unable to pay' his debts tho insolvency laws allowed him protection, and the same laws gave protectiou to his credit ors. By defending tho action brought by tho bank, tho insolvent in this case hud squandered hia eetato and opposed the doiug of justice to his creditors, ono of whom had taken the whole assets. Having been ad judicated insolvent on the petition of the bank, tho insolvent now oamo into court and stated that his insolvency was duo to the bank, and to hia having to pay tile costs of the action, which ho had no right to defend to the prejudico of all his other creditors. The insolvent must, under all the circum stances, be held responsible for the insol* vency, and the oertifloate matt be refused. 