GREAT DIAMOND ROBBERY. All the town is talking ol tie dating and ingeniou® robbery of tb«s mail bags of registered letters containing jewellery valued at £30,000 which was effected recently at Hatton Garden. Kow that tbe thieves have made off with their booty, every cue is osmmentiug u-on the foliy of leaving property so valuable within reach ofa counter guarded only by fir* young women busily engaged at other work. The wonder is, not that the bags were stolen jetterdav, but that they have not been stolen long opr. ll is worth while notins that Mr TrolJope, 'when be was at the post at Kimberty, in South' Africa, ]>r>-dicted a robbery of the mails, although * it has «ome to pass in circumstances where tbe chanoes o> success are much less tempting ifun those eu -ting in the diamond fields and on the long jodiney of the unprotected mails from Eimfeerlty to Capetown. The passage in which he made this prediction is as follows :—" Why the mails are not robbed I cannot tell. Tbe diamond dealers say that the robber could not get away with his plunder, and would find no market for it were he to do so. They, howeTer, secure themselves by some system of insurance. I cannot but think that the insurers, or underwriters, will tome day find themselves subji-cted to a heaty loss. A great robbery might be effected by two persons^ and the goods which would be so stolen are of a'u property the most portable. Thieves with a capital Slight afford to wait, and diamonds in the rough cannot be traced- I should have thought thut property of euch immense value would have paid for an armed escort. The gold in Australia, which is much less portable, is always accompanied by an escort."— London paper. How WE SEE GHOSTS-—A correspondent of the 8t James's Gazette, who signs himself " A Believer in Spiritf," explains the theory of ghosts in the following clear and explicit manner: "A few evenings ago I was sitting in an arm-chair shortly before midnight, when I saw two ghosts—not simultaneously but one after the other. I should state that during the daT I had drunk nothing but a bottle of Bass's pale ale at luncheon, two glaasse of brandy and soda water in the course of the afternoon, one bottle of Burgundy and a halfbottle of sbtriy at dinner, and was finishing up witb a glass or two of whi<key-and-water before retinng to rest. I was finishing my third giaes when I became conscience of a * presence' in the room. Lift ng my eyes from the tumbler, 1 distinctly saw my deceased father standing before me. His appearance exactly resembled that which be bare in hie, and, forgetting for the mcment that he was no longer in existence, I expressed my pleasure at seeing him, and ventured to ask him lor some slight pecuniaiy assistance. Almost before I bad time to finish my request, tbe phantom or whatever it wag, hastily vanished, and another unexpected visitor appeared in the shape of one of my aunts, who died many years ago under rather meancboly circumstances—having lost her life from the effects pi injuries she received during a short souffle for a seat in the chapel with another old lady belonging, liie herself, to a sect known, if I remember right,-as the Yarmouth Blcaters, or some such name (my memory is not aogocd as it was formerly}. However, there was my annt, looking E-d and stem us of old; and so periept wss the i lueion that I almort iustinctivelv askt-d her, as I asked my father, lor the loan of a few pounds. To my surprise, tbe too made a humed departure, gliding, so far as I could make out, frojn tbe north to the sou'-son'-west comer of; the room, and disappearing through the wall. Overcome by this second visitation I appear to have become insensible, for I remember nothing mor.-s but my cook told me on the following jnorui g that she heard tie noire as of a lieary body fall ug, about tbe time tbe ghosts appeared. A cl air waa also found broken in tiie room, and pome trifling articles ol tottery w>rs ema hed. ASYIOK To MoTBEBe!—Are you broken in yourest by a sick child suffering with the pain of cuts ting tpeth ? Go at once to the chemist and ^t a botrle of MjiS Wisgijjw'sSOOTHING Srficr. It relieves the poorcofferer immediately. Itisperfcctlv harmless and pleasant to taste, it produces natural,quiet •leepbyf "ieving the child from pain, and the little cherub awakes ae right as a button." It soothes the child it softens the gumE, allays all pain, relieves »;nd, regulates the bowels, and is the beat known rec.edy for dysmttfy and diarrhoea, whether arising from t*K-thi:ig or other causes. Mis Winslow'- P0"tbing run is sold by medicine dealers ererywbri? at Is 1 i per bottle, ^fanuiacture at 40 jJpndcn, 