THE CZAR'S GHOST. A correspondent writes from St. Pe tersburg : — A story is going about St. Pettrsbnrg, and indeed about all Russia, as to the regular appearance every night, at 11 o clock, m the Cathedral of Kazan, in St. Petersburg, of the Late Emperor. This is the most popular and c&rrent; version of the story. One 'night after closing the cathedral, the men on service there perceived a figure in a general's uniform kneeling near the altar. -Sup posing it to be some baiated person, who, absorbed in prayer had forgotten to go out in time, they approached to speak to bim, but the figure immediately dis appeared. The next night the same thing was repeated, and one of the prieBts approaching recognised the late Emperor in full uniform and looking much as he had looked some time before his death. Tho priest went to the archbishop who came and saw the same. The archbishop went to the metropolitan, who opening the altar gates came forward with the cross and, addressing the figure, said, "Your Majesty, what is yonr will '?" To him alone the apparition answered, "I am praying for Russia." Thereupon tho metropolitan is said to have fiilien down in a fit. Whether this be a trick of the ortho dox Church to excite, the enthusiasm of the people for their Czars and to awaken their religious faith, or whether it be the materialisation of a spirit as laughs by Messrs Crooks, Boatlereff, Wagner, and others, is a qaesrion difficult to de cide. It seems, however, that the fact of the appearance of the figure during tea consecutive nigh s is corroborated by too good testimony to be doubted, and it would be difficult to find a parson wil ling to take upon himself the responsi bility of such a profanation. Few per sons, however, among this intelligent public, believe it to be anything but a hoax, but the common people fully be lieve in the reality of tho apparition, and would be ready to ill-treat anyone bold enough to cast a doubt on it. Sundry stories circulate as to the Nihilist having been caught ; others say a thief who had an eye on the precious stone which sur rounded some of the images ; bat all this is nonsense. At ail events, if the Church has intendod to produce some effect by circulating the effect of the apparition, it has fully succeeded. Of course this event has caused all the spirkualists and spirits in the empire to lvjoice and triumph. Many circles are formed- to evoke the spirit of the Emperor, and spiritualism with all its different mani festations is again sur le tapis. One of the St. Petersburg judges of peace, a Mr Sirumila, has just printed a book, " What is Spiritism ?" the edition of which was sold in a few days. 