SUNPAYREADING. TKelTirst Murderer. Bxths Ykby Bit. Hbkby Iaw, M.A, (Dsas V ' .', of Qloccesxeb). . WHEN" evil fiUs the heart, evil effe:ts prill soon appear. From tainted sources tainted craters flow. The bramble mu«t be clothed with thorns. The tree proclaims the qualities of its root. .When poison permeates the. /reins, the whole frame sickens. The plague begun spreads an infecting course. „ When Adam fell, the inner man became en tirely corrupt. Now, corruption cannot but propagate corruption. The parent reproduces his own likeness. Hence every child is born in sin. - No cradle holds an innocent. Each off spring of the human family steps upon earth dead towards God—corrupt in inward bias— prone to iniquity. He brings no eye to see. God's- will—no ear to hear His voice—no feet to climb the heavenly hill He is an alien from righteousness—a willing slave of Satan— blinded in intellect-a pilgrim toward a lost land—a vessel fitted for destruction—a current strongly rushiog downwards. His heart lias many tenants; but God is no longer there. The palace onco so fair is overrun with weeds. Like Babylon in ruin3, wild beasts of the desert lie there, and the houses arc full of doleful creatures: Is. xiii, 21. Header, such surely is your birth-state. His your soul realbcd the awful truth? Do you abhor natural self ? Has the life-giving Spirit quickened you with renovating might ? Are you a new creation in Christ Jesus ? If eo, while in these pages you contemplate Cain, surely you will bless the rescuing grace. If . otherwise, may his dark picture scare you from delusion's dream! Would you 'be saved? You must bo born again. Would you see heaven ? You must be translated into the second Adam's kingdom. Let now man's firstborn be surveyed. Pon der his course. His deeds will show the dis position of his mind. The story will endorse this view of human fall, and prove that no abyss can be more deep. The early annals of the world feed not mere curiosity. Superfluous statement finds no place. Thus as to the first family we briefly read, that it commenced in Cain, and was - increased by Abel. The birth of the elder, seemingly, was hailed with rapturous delight The mother, in her joy, exclaimed, (l haTe gotten ' a man from the Lord.'—Gen. iv. 1. The younger received the name of Abel, which is vanity. Is not this token, that he was comparatively discstcemed ? If eo, the lerson meets us, how man miscalculates and human expectations err. Blessings reflect a sovereign wilL True good descends in chan nels long since marked by wise decrees. The arrangements of heaven are deeper than earth's hopes or wishes Not man's desire, but God's own purpose, rules events : Of the childho:d of these brothers we hare no mention: a veil conceals their early training.' The history only states tla .their professions were the peaceful work of pastoral life v . They, lived in nature's field. They laboured under heaven's own canopy. Abel kept sheep. Cain tilled the gronnd One watched the flock. The other sowed the seed, and reaped the grain. - . Bat surely it is not a rain surmise, that alike, they shared the san e instructions from their parents* lips. Thought may go back and listen to the converse of the primalliousehold. Doubt* less these sons would often be riveted by' rap* turous recitals of the garden home—the lovely beauty of each sceno - the blessedness of God at all times tear—heard in each sound—seen in each object—adored in every movement of the mind. Would they not hear, too, of the tempter's sly approach—his dating lie—the ear too easily beguiled—the lingering look—the rising doubt the newborn lust—the fatal touch—the dreadful taste—the instant mid* sight of the soul—the wreck of godlinesB and peace—the downcast shame—the trembling fear—the inward horror-and all the le?* rihle realities of a sinful state ? Would they not then be told, how grace illumined this'dis*. mal gloom—bow mercy winged her way to promise recovery—and the woman's seed—and coming redemption - and purposed salvation— and One, whose death would utterly anmhi hilate the devil's triumph, and whose life would bring in everlasting righteousness ? Uext they would ee-j the right of sacrifice. Hvery bleeding victim would proclaim sin's awful penalty. This ordinance would poriray atonement through another's blood. The skins, too, of these slaughtered hearts, supplying raiment for fire body, would filly show the obedience of the dying Saviour as the soul's justifying robe. * , Theso lessons are the full Gospel in micro scopic form. 411 saving truth if here em bodied. And who cau doubt that Cain and Abel wcro thus taught alike the outlines of • salvation's scheme ? They had their Bible in their parent*' teaching. Human malady and heavenly cure—the peril and the refuge—the ruin and the rescue - their state, as Adam's sons—their hope through grace would be their earliest instruction. Is, thei effect the same ? ,• Are tlieir minds brought* to f the, )ike.:ho)y.i faith ? iFar~bfcheK wise. The sun, which melts the sno x, congeals the clay. _ .While outward lessons are the same to both/ one; heart is savingly impressed; the other waxes harder. Great. differences would hence pervade their total character. But it comes most vividly to view in their approach to God. * < . Behold the worshippers. First mark Cain. Ho feels that, homage is the, great Creator's due. Thereforo ho makes an offering. But he consults with blinded reason. He listens to his wayward will, and so infers that the pro duce of his own toil is sacrifice mo«t meet. He brings " of the fruit of the ground." Indus at onco the working of iself-righteoos pride appears. He worships as & vain free-thinker. Here is no confession of. his guilty need. Here is,no faith in the revealed atonement. Hero is no acceptance of the way of grace. Here is no delight m reconciling blood. God's mode of &cc46s; is rejected. Self-will rebelliously con cludes, I stand bold in uprightnois—free to commune with God ? Why should I humbly plead another's death ? Why should I trust another's power to save? I pay the fruit of my own labour. Sufficient is this fealty to my Maker. This only I present. Such is the con stant voice of nature. Such is the vanity of uoregenerate man. Inflated by high thoughts of self, he tramples grace beneath contemning feet. Now turn to Abel. He likewise comes to worship. But the contrast is great, as light from darkness. The firstlings of his flock'are in his hand. He raises an altar/ Thcreoa He lays a dying victim. The 8pirit testifies of the principle which moves this act 'By faith Abel offered unto God a-more excellent sacri fice than Cain:'—Heb. xi, 4. Expand this conduct. It sweetly shows soul-humble ness — consciousness of nature's ruin confessions of extremest need—acknowledg ment of life's forfeiture—reliance only on the atoning lamb. A voice from Abel's altar cries,' Mine eyes arc to the coming saviour. I joy in Him, as all my hope, desire, pardon, life. Beader, you see the -amazing difference.' How is it so? The answer is near and sure. Grace vhited one — the otherwas passed by. To Cain all pious precepts were as water cast upon: a rock. To Abel they came as good eeed fall ing on good ground. It was so because some mighty power touched the younger; while the elder remained in nature's hardness, ignorance, conceit. This power was heavenly und from heaven. ... : Thus Adam's children show that grace only can convert. Parents, guardians, teachers, pastors, friends, must uso each effort and must strain each nerve. But vain is every zealous toil, except the Spirit fly to help. Without light from the Holy Ghost, sin never can be felt, and Jesus never can be seen, sought, loved. Souls quickened from on high,. and they alone, hasten to salvation's ark. You, who, Al el-like, present a stricken Saviour in your arms, be conscious that you are monu ments of mercy—own your vast debt—give thanks—adore. "By grace are ye saved through* faith; and that not of yourselves ; it is the gift of God:" Eph. iij 8. • You are followers of "righteous Abel." "Their righteousness is of Me, raith tbe Lord:" Is. lir, 17. •Can faith thus worship and reeeire no smile? This story replies, that heaven joys/when gracious souls plead dying merit. God lobks with favour upon Abel, and testifies approval. 1 The Lord had respect unto Abel and to his offering.' Believer, lalce all tho joy of this grand truth. If you glory in the cross; if your1 whole trust 1b in the God-man's work, your prayers are hear!—your worship gladdens the bright courts above—God hearkens to .your imploring soul, and tokens will descend to prove acceptance. It was so to Abel. It is so now. All who walk in the same faith find like approval. How different is the case of unbelief ! For malists may present long train's of man-made observances. The service is* self-will, not faith. It [is a'skeleton with.no warm breath. Itis bat splendid s;n. There is no note to reach the ears of God. It is abomination in bis sight. ' TJnto Cain and to his offering He had. not respect/ Cain quickly felt that Abel basked beneath approving smiles, while darkness was his doom. Abel's hapjinc65, reflecting heavenly rays, pierces him to the quick. Tho scum of his iniquities soon rises to the sarfneo. Tho fiends brooding within rush into action. ' Ho was very wrath, and his countenance fell/ Knvy, malice, rage, fret as a swelling tide. They sweep all barriers away. God in forbearance, checks, and remonstrates. But divine patience only irritates him moro Passion takes, the helm. The presenco of his righteous brother becomes a maddening good, hartli is misery to him while Abel treads & Thus a murderous thought enters his breast: a mur derous scheme is formed.. For a while dissimu lation hides it. The usual' intercourse is ; maintained; and as in other days, Uioy walk : together to the fields. - . But now what scene occurs! Surely tho very earth will quake-—the universe will groan each leaf will h ng its head in sorrow, and the sun hide its startled rays. Cain looks upon his: mother's eon. But no relentings stir, tfo pity spares. His arm is raised. The blow is aimed. The wound is given. Abel falls a murdered corpse. There is nothing too bad forsinto do. There uro no depths of crime from which it ehrinks. It Irembles not to break a pjrent's Jir-art, or fake a brother's life. Ifc scoffs at fear of man It braves the vengeance of. the Lord. If its' impious hands could scale the- heaven of heavens, it would do violence to 'all within, those blest abodes All this gouudod in thoee fearful word?, 4 Cain rose up against Abel his brother and slew him/ The annals of succeeding crimo show not ini quity more vilo. There have been awful deeds enough to startle hell, but where a deed like this! Thus Adam's firstborn exhibits evil in its largest stature* Let us not dreum that sin came upon earth ,a little, seed, and rose, by gradual/growth into its full enormitios,. Here lit stands at once gigantic in every proportion.; Tt needs not a long course of time to ripen or mature it.. .Behold again that bleeding one. It is the * righteous Abel.', The first who lired by faith first dies a martyr's death. ^ ;. Let then none fondly droain that piety wins love or faith conciliates the world's favour, i If now there be no. open outrage, it is because restraints confine tho arm. Earth would be drunk with gore, if hatred to Christ could work its will. Brother, too, is slain by brother. Earth's closest bonds aro weak to hold bock un believing enmity. Behold once more. The deed is done. Blood stains Cain's hands. Ocean, now, with all its waves, cannot wash out that die. Boiling ages cannot sweep it away. Agonies of remorse' cannot recall it. Ho angel's efforts can remove the weight of guilt. Tho sin is sinned. Ac count must now bo given. The murderor hears tho searching question—for Cod will speak': • "Where is Abel, thy brother ?' * What hast thou, done ? " But the hardened heart breaks not. Tho sullen lips pour forth no cry for pardon. No contrition asks for mercy Be stands an icy pillar of despair. Hope ten ders no support. No prospect brings a ray to cheer. He knows not how to hear his being. But forth he must go to reap tho harvest sown by sin. * Here tbe curtain falls. But Cain still liveB, i and must forever live. But whero? Whatia his present state ? What will be bis everlost- 1 ingdoom? He was of-. the 1 wicked one,' and with the wicked one must pass to his own place.; The race of Cain, too, still pollutes our earth, j It is a faithful admonition: 4 Woe unto them, they have gone in the wayof. Cain :1 Jude 11. j That way is 'still a common'by-path." The ; sons of nature crowd it. Grace only can call from it. In this history some of its downward stages arc depicted. Pride takes the first step The sinner, satisfied with self, snoers at the thought of being fallen, vile, lost. His blinded solace is, 'I am rich, and increased with goods, and have need of nothing.*—Bev. iiiy 17- Self righteous, he perceives no beauty in tbo glorious cross. Unconscious of filth, he seeks no cleansing. Ignorant of guilt, he laughs at pardon. Christ is despised ; the Gospel is rejected as an old wife's tale. No grace bars the''heart's door; therefore, tho wliolo legion of hell's passions find admission. They enter, and fix their foul abode. Outward warnings are not heard Frightful lusts are wantonly indulged. A mad career is madly run. Human laws mty check overt acts. Cain's enormity may not in very deed be perpetrated; but Cain's depravity dwellB within. Then comes the end, which has no end—no peace to soothe a dying bed—the dread account before the great white throne—tho sure rejection—the awful 'Depart from me'—and lastly, the never-ending prison of anguish and despair. Beader, let not Cain thus w«rn in vain. Hay good to you' spring from this awful life ! Let his example search your inmost soul. Js there one particle of self-justifying pride within ? If so, spare it not. Drag it to the cross and slay it there. Open your eyes to solemn truth. In you, that is in your flesh, there dwelleth to good thing.—Bom. vii. 18. Tour best deserves hell's depths. There is no moment of your life unstained by sin. No thought of your mind could reach the Law's high standard. Away, then, with, all self confidence You have-no pem'tence, no tears, no prayers, no services, 'which need hot Christ's atoning blood. Flee, then, from self to Christ—no pardon — cleansing— righteousness are found apart from Him. Listen to Cain's wail— escape the wrath to comc. Bush not to a place of torment.' You yet live. Christ is near with open arms. Hasten as tho Reediest of einncrs to Him tho sinner's friend. ;You will find Him willing—able to give utter most salvation. None perish with their face towards Jesus. j Spirit of the living God ! Thou who didst visit Abel, in mercy visit all who read these pages! Call many by them from Cain's grace lees courso to Abel's faith and heaven's eternal glory! • ■ -r /. . .• - 