AIRING HIS PIETY An old negro in North Carolina, much given to the airing of his pious propensities used to kneel down behind a stone wall on a plantation, where he in pitious tones pleaded withl the Lord to "take him away from this mis'ble world, even if necessary, by burying him beneath the stones behind which he was praying." A young darkie acquainted with the old man's habits, interviewed his devot ions, by taking up a position on the other side of the wall. No sooner had the custom ary petition been offered than the mischiev cus eaves dropper started the wall in a tumble over the supplicating sinner. With a remarkably spry spring of his old bones the ancient darkie jumped up, and broke out with the remonstrance' "O Lordl can't a pore nigger say a word in jest but you are ready to'take him in earnest," The moral of \vhich, to politicians, is in its application. \--0- The eccentricities of adulteration have been made the subjectof a delicate satire by. a German writer in the following neat littlefable: '" There were once four flies, and as it happened they were hungry one morning The first settled upon a sausuge of singularly appetizing appearance, and made a hearty meal. But he speedily died of intestinal in flammation for the sausageavas adulterated with aniline. The second fly breakfasted upon flour, forth-with succumbed to contrac tion of the stomach, owing to the. inordinate quantity of alum withwhich the flour had been adulterated. The third fly was slaking his thirst.withthe contents of the milk-jug when violent cramps suddenly convulse l his frame, and he soon gave up the ghost, a victim to chalk adulteration. Seeing this, the fourth fly, muttered to himself, 'The sconer it's over the sooner to sleep,' alighted upon a moistened sheet of paper exhibiting the counterfeit presentation of a death's head and the:inscription, 'Fly Poison.' Applying the tip of his proboscis to this device, the fourth, fly drank to his heart's content, grow ingmore vigorous and cheerful at every mouthfulalthough expectant . of his end. But he did not die. On the contrary he throve and waxed f.t. You see, even, the fly picson was adulteratedl" 