UNDER wrflCH KING ? BY WM. JOIINSON, M.P., . CHAPTER XIII. Shane O'Neil. ' O'Neil had been found by some of his sol diers, lying under the hawthorn tree; . They had not very much respect for him., They thought he had got into a drunken squabble. He was; accustomed to do this. Not once, nor twice; had lie been; found lying as now. But still, he was of the Holy Religion.' He must not be loft to the tender mercies of the Northern heretics. So they took him up. Holy Vargin !" shoutod one. "Blood an' ounds I" cried, another. . " Musha, look here !"said;a third. .. " Wlieest 1" roared a fourth. And then they hoisted him on their shoul ders, and trudged off with him towards Belfast. There was great excitement there, when they returned, among their comrades. - Not on account of the figure that O'Neil cut ; not at all. -They did not care very much about the yonng man. He bullied tlietn, and swore at them, and kicked them, and cut at them, when he was drunk, and when he was sober. So there was no love lost in that quarter. News had come to the town -that the regi ment was to return at once to Dublin. Tho Colonel had been rather / shaky, when tho despatch arrived from Tyrconnol. It was marked, " Haste, liasto,. post haste." But the Colonel didn't care. It might wait, lie said,: damn it. .And , it. might have waited long, enough, indeed,, before he would have attended to it, ' had not a renegade schoolmaster been at hand, ivhoeyed it curiously, and then said, — " From the Lord Deputy, Colonel." " What d — d does he w — w -want ?" " Would you read it, Colonel ?." " Read it for me !" This was just what the rascal wanted.' Ho was, dying to see the news, and: he knew the Colonel never could read a word. So he read. ; "To the Colonel -, „at Belfast these " . : ' ..., . ; . " Oh, come," said the Colonel, " what's it about? Don't bother Avith all that stuff." : " An order from the Lord Deputy |to:marcli to Dublin,. ivitliout delay— — J'--..-. "Damn it!" " — as certain regiments fromIroland are to bo sent across the Channel, to do his Majesty'service in England;" " Hurroo 1" shouted the Colonel, jumping up. And half, a dozen officers ran in to see, what it was, all about... Nothing. could they- hear, howeyer, for. ever so:.,long, except the Colonel's yoice ", hurroo"-ing away, like mad. -. At last ho stopped " hurroo"-ing, just long enough to say. '« We're for England and . then he \vent at it again. This, time he had a. chorus. . ..For the whole half-dozen set up such a hullabaloo, that poor popple passing began-to think something dreadful ,was going, to take Pldpe,; and one. man. alfiruied that the officers were sotting , on the men,, then and there, to murder, , and slay, and burn, and; destroy; And it was in t he midst- of fliis excitement that Shane- O'Neil was borne into > the presence ,.Q? bis fellow-officers, having., with difficulty , boon brought .from. Lisburn to Belfast; not all the way, however, on the shoulders of the men, for, they soon, got tired of _ his weight, and made ,not the least scruple, of seizing a :ffP0.d horse from a -Protestant, and placing him across its back. -; . -'" What has. come, on him?", asked a pro moted ploughman. ; ' ; " Foighting?" questioned a, promoted tory. " Drunk ?" suggestod apromoted i rapparee. "Bo the ghost ov me dead ,ould grand mother, but he's got: bate !" said another ; and . this seemed to be the most favourite theory. And they shook down some straw for him, . and ..lefthiin, to. come to.;: though it might have been supposed that the rough ride from the, whinny .knowo would ..have produced animation. r.' At last a soldier, more considerate than tho rest, gpt a pail of cold water, and dashed it over him.; watching tho effect, as he might bo .supposed to have done if ho had ' beon splashing.it over the dusty! fetlocks of a tired roadster. . a The opening oyes of O'Neil showed him, at last, ithat tho water had done its work.: So ho left off. ; Ho.know that. he would bo cursed, or . kicked if. he continued- the - operation, after O'Neil revived. . This considerate soldier's name was Peter Taafe. He came from Droglieda, where his reputed father, a friar,, had by Cromwells soldiers, oil the 11th September, 1649, beon made an end of. The soldiers, were soon on their march to Dublin. _ Shane O'Neil grumbled a little, as lie imagined. that ho was ill-used, not being able to slay to have his revenge on Harrington. But the rest of them wore not sorry to get out of the North. Theydiad not spent too comfortable a time there. Some of them had been boaton, on "their forays, and a few, of thein had mysteriously disappeared. Not yery much inquiry was made after missing; men ; for it was generally found that good . evidence could be rendered of very cruel and very lawless conduct on their part. So it was thought as ivell to hush up the loss sustained, and to remain as quiet as might bo, in the interest of King James. Ne wry was passed, and Dundalk, on the march ; and at last they reached the mud hovels of Droglieda. Crowds of wild ..and-, fantastic, figures greeted them as the saviours of their country, and the avengers of the saints that Cromwell bad put to tho slaughter. Peter Taafe ran to his hut, and mot his lanky, black-haired wife, who throw- herself into his arms in greatest-joy at seeing, him. He had been happy at home with his wife and Jiis pig, till Lord Tyrconncl required his services, and then he was quito ready to leave pig and wife, and avenge the death of Father Peter Taafe. " Whore did they kill Father Peter ?" asked Shane O'Neil, strutting up.; " Come, and I'll show ye, sir replied his namesake. " It was a b— — y shame 1" " Troth . an' it wus!" ' And all for nothing, too ; for sure it was only right to fight against this Oliver .Urorn- well, the roundhead rascal 1" said O'Neil. It was but raysonable, in troth ; seeing as ho\y they had charms, an' gospels, an' scapu lars, an' a tooth ov St. Christopher, an' a toe ov St. Peter, an' a thorn out ov tho crown 'of tho Saviour, an' a bit ov tho thrue cross!" " Had they now ?" asked O'Neil. , "Och l in troth, never a word ov a lie in it ; an' they went round the town, and by St. Peter's Church„an' up bo the tower, at St. Sunday's gate, ah' all to no use ; for tho bloody curse ov Cromwell came down on them, with it all." '"Didn't he summon the. Governor to sur render?" ; , " Ov course ho did ; but tho , Governor wouldn't;, ah' a poiver ov, the boys had been at the sport in the North, in '41 ; an' thoy thought they could bate them, d'ye see ?" Hoav thoy thought a little Avrong in this matter is knoivn pretty well. It is known that the " bitterness," as Oliver . calls it, was intended by him, not for cruelty, as rose- Avator Avriters say, but to " save much effusion of blood, through the goodness of God." As it did,- doubtless. But, of course, all this could not be very woll.appreciatedby the regiment iioav halted at Droglieda, on their way to Dublin preach ing .the '..metropolis, as ' they did, next day, and ' leaving behind them, for a while, the banks of the'Boyne. 