Political Froth. BY AN ABSTAINER. I DID not attend the opening; the frigid stateliness of the Upper Chamber never suited my constitution. The inaugural ceremony is the only occasion on which the warmth of life and the sweetness of beauty are periodically in fused into proceedings in "another place," and even then the Btiff formality which prevails and the total absence of anything like effer vescence is most characteristic. Perhaps I ought to have gone, if only as a compliment to the translation of my old friend Sir Arthur to the august position which he now fills, but I didn't. When business commenced in the Upper House, in the afternoon, a tribute of respect was paid to the memory of the late President. A committee then retired to prepare and bring up a reply to the Governor's Speech, and in a few seconds returned to the Chamber with a formal little address ready printed, and, as the Hon. William Henry expressed it, looking very much as though it was "cut and dried." William Henry was suffering from an overflow of loyalty, and marvelled that no mention was made in the reply to the Queen's escape from the hand of the assassin. Morehead consoled himself by promising that an address to that effect should be prepared for presentation. Attention haying been drawn to the conduct of an eccentric individual who was in the gallery during the reading of the Governor's Speech, William Henry made remarks to the effect that it was but a step from a lunatic asylum to a Government office, or vice versd. The now members, King and Thynne, spoke well in moving and seconding the adoption of the Address in reply, and after William Henry, Morehead, ana Buzacott each had had a turn at it, it was adopted, and the time of its presen tation fixed for the following day. It is not necessary to describe the courtesy with which his Excellency received the deputa tion on Wednesday, nor to comment upon the graceful bearing of the House's representatives. Either would have charmed a Chesterfield. When the President took the chair again a nice little formal reply from his Excellency was re ceived thanking the House for its loyalty and its approval of his opening Speech. These little courtesies were accepted with due solemnity. Wednesday would have been rather a slow day but for an unhappy remark made by Mr. Box, who complained of refreshment-room dis comforts, or. more properly speaking, want of comfort. The P.M.G. (nothing in the teetotal line) trotted out Heussler and the genial O'D. as evidences of what the refreshment-room was capable of, and doubtless convinced the House that Mr. Box was hypercritical. After a little talk over "sitting days," the House adjourned, hon. members being allowed until the following Tuesday to recuperate the energy expended during the excitement of the day. In the Assembly everything went along very quietly. As soon as the Speaker had taken his seat he made the announcements in regard to gentlemen who were about to present them selves for the first time after election or re election. Up to the proper moment they had sat in expectation outside the "bar," but pre sently each in turn walked up to that mystic barrier, and, having taken the arms of his political sponsors, marched to the table to take the oath and subscribe the roll. Neither of them had any scruple about the prescribed swear, so this formality passed over without disturbance. Archer gravely took his place at the head of the Ministerial bench, the Pre mier, as usual, sitting with two of his colleagues on either hand. Ferguson and Allan, who nad been picked out as mover and seconder of the Address in reply, went to the Ministerial cross bench, and Govett seated himself beside them, while Jessop stowed himself away on the Ministerial Tback scat. Brookes, who had entered the House supported by Griffith and Miles, took a place immediately behind the leader of his party—a seat of vantage from which I imagine his bright eye will often twinkle forth upon the members on cither side. The first entertainment was a long petition which M'Lean brought down—he must have had a cab—setting forth the advantages of a railway from Brisbane to the Tweed. Bernays waded diligently through it, and then we re ceived the petition, whatever may be involved in that. Groom made his first bow to the Speaker under cover of a question about the Iriendly Societies Act, and then the Premier gavo notice of those dear old sessional orders so familiar to all frequenters of the House. After that he produced a bill to prevent the improper subdivision of land for building purposes—a much needed measure, but one which I fear the Government have no intention of passing, this being a pro formd bill—a sort of sacrifice to the proprieties always offered up on the first day of the session. During the afternoon there were whispers of a terrible bombshell (figuratively, not Nihilisti cally speaking) to be thrown on the floor of the House by the Opposition. Some said the junior member for North Brisbane would move a want of confidence motion on the coolie ques tion, and I half expected that Sam had sorao more awful disclosures to make. But when the lion, the leader of the Opposition calmly rose and gave notice that he was going to ask the House to let him bring in a bill to repeal the Coolie Act of 1862, I heaved a sigh of relief not loud but deep, while members on the left of the Speaker cheered in approval of the step, as if they had never heard anything about it before. Then came an incident from which I extracted a little quiet fun. A committee was appointed to prepare an Address in reply to the Governor's Speech, whichthe Speaker had just read over to the House. There were four of them, and they must each have written a paragraph, and not wasted much time over it cither, for in 2min. 20sec. they came back with that address neatly printed, and handed it to the clerk. Mr. Ferguson, the new member for Uockhampton, moved that the Address be adopted. He made a clear, connected spoech, and whatever was lacking, it was quite evident lie. had not forgotten those who had sont him tlu-iv to sueak for them ;no one could have listened without becoming convinced that Rockhampton was (to him) the hub of Queens land, if not of the Universe. Indeed, in speak ing of the proposal to let a private company build the line from Rockhampton to Port Alma, he said plainly that Port Alma was the main koy to the Central districts, and that the Central districts were the key to the front door of Queensland. Precisely so; but then Queensland is such a big place that she may fairly claim to have several keys and front doors, and is not likely to be brought to a deadlock by reason of anything that can be done either at Kcppel Bay or any other port. Mr. Ferguson did not, however, confine him self to the Central districts, and stated that he did not share the jealousy of his constituents in regard to the deepening of Francis Channel —a slight mistake, considering that we are about to supersede that time-honoured water way by a new cutting in a different direction. Allan seconded the adoption of the Address ; he was somewhat nervous, but still his speech was listened to with great attention. Then followed the Chief of the Opposite Party. First he bestowed his congratulations on the two virgin members who had preceded him, and then he went in for a quiet review of the Speech, administering sly cuts at the Govern ment wherever opportunity offered, and con cluding with a remark which being interpreted may be taken as dividing the Speech into two parts—that which was Ministerial, and that which was merely departmental. Under the first category he placed all that he him self regarded as injurious to the country, such as the Coolie Regulations, Trans continental Railway proposals and the Port Alma railway company scheme, and under the other those of which he approved, includ ing the Water Conservation Bill, the Divisional Boards Amendment Bill, and others. Then arose the Chieftain M'llwraith, and devoutly thanked his lucky stars that Sam had let him off so easily—he rather thought he must be getting unco' quid. He enlightened the House at great length on the difficulties the Govern ment had encountered in working the differen tial postage rates, and ventured the revolu tionary statement that if the British Govern ment were in future to treat Queensland as they had been doing in this matter it would be a good thing if the connection could be cut to-morrow. He soon afterwards tackled Sam on the subject of his Northern speeches re the coolie question, and, quoting freely from the published reports, said that the Government proposed doing very much as he had recom mended. The Premier's reason for advocating railway construction by private companies was somewhat remarkable, and amounted to an admission that a little healthy competition was quite necessary to keep the department straight, which he half admitted was more than Macros- Ban could do unless he acted as Commissionerfor Railways, traffic manager, Minister, and Under Secretary, all in one. I felt almost driven to the shocking alternative suggested later on in the debate, that the Minister for Works should " sack" his Under Secretary and get someone more amenable to the control of his chief than even to the competition of an outside company. After the Premier, we enjoyed Dickson's mellifluous accents for a short time, during which he gave his opinions on the Transconti nental Railway scheme and the coolie question, which are evidently to be the principal bones of contention for this session. The new Treasurer, Mr. Archer, followed, and after a dry spell we got some fun out of the junior member for Enoggera. He evinced the broad and statesmanlike platform upon which his views are based by raising as an objection to the mail service that it was inducing a direct trade between the Northern ports and England which was rather more than the Cooktown and Townsville merchants were equal to, and that having sent all their cash to London, they would have nothing but paper for us in the •metropolis. Well, as someone suggested Utter on, I tor one would be quite open to receive a few Northern bills payable at thirty days' sight, and would not complain at getting too many of them either. Then he found for the House ■a way to rise out of that dreadful coolie diffi culty, and I sincerely trust Ministers have cut that part of the speech out of " Hansard " and pasted it in their note-books. It seems some times that the more a man knows about the sugar industry the harder it is for him to get out of that coolie trouble, for you will remem ber that even Griffith when he went North, 1 spoke much more coolly on the question than his Brisbane friends liked. But Rutledge has not been North, so he was not troubled in this way. and his idea is that the whole thing might be settled very easily; we could import cheap white labour from Europe, and if it was too hot for the poor wretches to work all day, let them get up early and take a spell in the middle of the day. In the crushing season the mill could easily wait while the men had their siesta, and if the cane wasn't all crushed that year, why there would be all the more for next. After that we went home and slept on it. On Wednesday we soon got back to the Debate on Everything, as that on the Address in reply might more appropriately be styled, and M'Lcan opened the ball. As an cx- Minister for Lands it was of course his duty to roast Perkins, and he basted him pretty vigour ously about the sugar lauds in the North, and about some transaction concerning which Mr. J. Y. Jenkins had written to the Tootooomba Chronicle, and said if he had been Minister for Lands he would sooner have thrown his portfolio at hon. gentlemen opposite than act in such a way. Baynes came next; in fact he was so angry at some insinuations made as to his conduct re the Selectors Relief Bill of last session, that I'm afraid he could not Lave kept it in much longer. When he said he rose to . put the Government straight, I was afraid something was the matter, but the conclusion ' of the sentence showed that he only sought to exonerate them. He thought it would have been a treat to have seen M'Lean or auy other member of the same Administra tion throw up his portfolio. He opposed the transcontinental scheme ; but left the impres sion that if he could be quite sure the present Government would always retain office to administer the Act something might be said for it. '' Look at those benches!" he exclaimed. 41 Could we trust those gentlemen to deal with the syndicates t Why they would make a mull of it at the very first chance !" Groom came next, and for a while all suggestion of froth vanished. But when the hon. George arose in his strength I knew it was time to take a fresh dip of ink. He had no wish to disturb the harmony of the meeting, he said, and 1 am quite sure no one will accuse him of ever itoing anything of the kind, for it is usual for the faces on both sides of the House to lie wreathed in smiles during one of (_!cornea speeches. He conclusively proved from the American Exporter (a journal whose reliability was sufficiently established by the fact that the Courier sometimes quotes from it) that the Premier's late visit to England was on his own private business; then he bewailed the fact that the junior members for Rockhampton and Darling Downs were sitting on the wrong side of the House, a calamity which he (of all men) attributed to the fact that the Opposition were not such good electioneering agents as some on the other side. I certainly never oxpected such an admission from him. He let a whole flood of light into the Transconti nental Railway scheme, saying that he did not believe the House would ever hear any more of it and he was quite astonished at the Premier trying to deceive a gentleman like General Feilding. George's astonishment is quite perennial; indeed I have long thought it must be the hon. gentleman's normal condition. Then he settled all difficulties connected with the harbour improvements at Maryborough, Rockhampton and Townsville, aud having got foul of the Minister for Works regarding some sleepers on the Northern line concerning which he had some private information, ho sat down. The Attorney- General made a statement about tho administration of the Friendly Societies Act, and then we got Norton up. He had a chance to put in a word for Gladstone as the port of Rockhampton in preference to Port Alma, and of course made the best of it; but there wasn't the ghost of a joke anywhere until M'Farlane began to chaff Perkins on his resemblanco to a certain prophet mentioned in tho Old Testament Scripture who ran away from his work, and who suffered agrcatcalamity at sea. After that Brookes very modestly introduced himself, but he soon warmed up and boldly threw his gage of defiance against the Ministers sitting opposite. He had been sent to the House to turn them out, and he raoant to do so. Indeed, if circumstances had been more favourable, I believe ho would have dono it then and there. But M'llwraith didn't seem much affected, even when told that he hivd a groat " chock" to put a complaint against the Imperial Post Office into the Speech; that cheek was one of his characteristics, and that if ho tried it on the junior member for North ' Brisbane ho would get as good as he gave. Let him try it on ! If it hadn't been that tho pcoplo of Bris bane thoroughly detested the Government he would not have been elected, and he was pre pared to suspect something for their own per sonal advantage or that of their friends beneath whatever the Ministry proposed. War to the knife is my summary of his declaration, and those four words just about express the situa tion. Black, of Mackay, came next. He was not quite satisfied that the Ministers were monsters of depravity and the Opposition un fledged angels of virtue ; he had a stromr lean ing, anyhow, to the party that could show a good straight surplus. Yet he had a complaint to submit about the breakwater at Flat-top, which was making such miserably slow progress that it would take about fourteen years to exhaust the present vote. Then he gave a lecture on the coolie question, and made it par ticularly warm for the junior member for Enoggora, who was twitted with a desire to degrade European labour to the level of Poly nesians. After speeches from Tyrel and Henry Palmer, in which there was a remarkablo absence of anything like effervescence, the debate was again adjourned. On Thursday, the debate grew very stale; how could it be otherwise on the third day and no blood spilt yet? In the afternoon we had Bailey, Foote. Horwitz, and Grimes up. There was very little to grease the creaking wheels of the debate, until Bailey attempted to prove the importance of immigration, or rather of migration by a Scriptural quotation, with which I am afraid the House was not duly impressed. When Grimes got started wo had a little on the negative side of the coolie ques tion, and he gave his personal experience as showing that coloured labour was quite unnecessary. It was somewhat diverting to see Brookes and Rutledge trying to extricate him from a difficulty into which he dropped by saying that Black had used the words " degrad. ing and menial" as characterising the descrip tion of labour required on sugar plantations. Black denied it, and all the efforts of Grimes's friends failed to discover the words in the " Hansard " report. Next came Govctt's leap into the chilly and stagnant waters of the debate, and, though showing some natural hesitation, he placed the claims of his constituents before the House in very plain language. Stubley hit out against the coolies and large sugar estates rather hotly. He made one asser tion, however, which, if he can substantiate it. will certainly set the whole thing at rest. The people of the North, he said, were determined not to have kanakas or coolies, and that if any one objected, he could leave the colony. Now this is comforting. If it's not the Northern people who want coolies, I'm very sure it's not those of the South, and the Government will hardly force them upon an unwilling country; so that's settled. Stubley seemed very much hurt that there hadn't been a row, and seemed to blame Griffith that he hadn't been more pugnacious. Never mind; there's plenty of time yet before the end of the session, and there may yet be wigs on the green. Jacob Low put in a word for the mail service, and certainly Jacob is not liko so?no liou. members, who begin by saying they only wish to touch on one point and then go on to worry the Address for half-an-hour. Next, Jessop under took to break the ice, and proved too practical aud pertinent to demand any notice from me. Fraser followed, and if any of my readers thinks there is any " froth " about Fraser, he had better go and listen to him. No; Fraser is, like myself, an "Abstainer." After a some what dreary half-hour, Macrossan got up and put the House right in regard to the Railway Department, and defended Mr. Her bert as a really excellent officer, explaining that the Premier had not said what he intended on the subject. He read a brief and incisive lecture to Rutledge on the importance of being sure of his facts, and concluded with an exposi tion of the attitude of the Government on the coolie question. Miles followed, and took the opportunity to boast of the grand recept ion and princely banquets tendered to Griffith and him self in the ?»orth, and certainly ho iloos not sceru to have been starved iluHnlr that inonior able progress. The senior mew her for Enog gera followed, and Perkins brought. m> the rear, winding up the debate with some chartinj; refer ences to the fanning experiences of li;iilcy and M'Lean, who, according to hi.-* account, must have ln'en amateurs of tlie very greenest type- Then tho House adopted the Address in reply, concerning which no one had said one solitary word in the whole three days' debate, and we agreed to fro round with the Speaker to Govern ment House on Tuesday and present it, if his Excellency is at home. 