A Haunted Claim. The Star reports that a claim in Ballarat East is said to be haunted. An apparition, in figure a man, and in antics a mischievous school boy, has from time to time visited this claim at midnight, variously, during the past two or three years, and entertained the men on the premises at the times of it's visit by means of a brisk bombardment with rocks, and its own sudden and mysterious disappearance whenever chased. The men did not at first take much notice of these visits, but the manner in which the visitor eludes discovery or capture has been too much for their equanimity. The wizard bombardier does not, like the perturbed spirit of Hamlet's father, walk the night with regularity and seem inclined to speak, but comes irregularly and heaves stones, and has not yet been encountered by the men who would like to just get their hands on it once. The miners have chased it often, but at the moment they are overtaking it, it suddenly disappears, until some of them begin to think that it is the devil himself that it is worrying them so. Their eager pursuit after this will-o'-the-wisp has resulted in their catching the wrong man more than once, only discovering the mistake in time for the captive to escape a belabouring. It is an exhilarating sight to see half a dozen men scampering over the mullock heaps round the claim, yelling, and in wrathful exclamations wishing the visitor where the wraith of the Prince of Denmark's papa passed his days according to his most veracious time-table for daily and nightly occupation. It must be a joyous time for the Ballarat East ghost, seeing it so far has escaped any penalty, but if this meets its eye it will do well to take a bit of advice —keep out of the way of the miners as carefully as of yore. If they fairly get the spirit once it will be unrecognisable by its own family circle for some time afterwards, or their magnanimity will be memorable. Mr. Morris Asher, a native of New South Wales, has taken the highest medical degrees at the University of Dublin. He returns to Sydney shortly to enter upon the practice of his profession. 