Clarlewiek. 'You seem surprised to see me here, Mrs. Catharine-Priggs,' said Edda, easily. 'I suppose you thought me buried for life on that dreary Yorkshire moor? I thought so. myself yesterday, but things never turn outi as we want them to in this world, you see.' 1 ' What brought you here ?' asked the wvo man, huskily. ' The railway coach, aided and abetted bli a cab.' pe ' I-I mean how came you here--at house? Hov did you learn Miss Po name ? What do you want of her ?' 'Three questions all in a row. To ar you categorically, I came here in que certain information,' said Edda, with a stern inflection in her fresh young voice. learned Miss Powys's name through our tual friend Mr. Nizbit, who tracked you I from Racket Hall and Hebden Bridge seven years ago. What I want of Powys I will say to her, not to you i' For some moments Miss Powys's dential attendant was dumb and moti but her livid countenance and starir5 declared that she was suffering some and terrible emotion. She stared ie young girl as if fascinated, studying ce with hungry glances as if to seek m blance to some one she had knov t° some preconceived idea of her. Tjbe ginning to recover herself, she gl to wards the door. It was shut, anccon versation could not therefore have 1eard by any one without. 'don't wonder you didn't reco.?ne at once. Mis, Catherine-Priggs,,?dda, uttering the latter name as if 're an after thought; 'seeing me only sleep and so long ago, you know; coPve no idea how I would look with m's open and my countenance animated .ts usual beaming expression. Besidesam told that I have changed much in past year or two.' Mrs. Priggs evidently could uderstand the half-mocking humour oaud"acious visitor. She continued to st, her. as a condemned mari might stare'he waiting executioner. At last she a feebly, and said: ' I will tell my mistress. ?l come back to you immediately.' She went out of the roolth a reluctant step and ascended the brdtair The minutes past slowytil half an hour had gone. Edda was 4ng impatient patience, like meekne"as not among her virtues-when Mr.lggs reappeared, with a firmer step an, calm, unruffled visage. ' Miss Powys will you, Miss Brend,' she said, in a hard, btess voice. "'Be so good as to follow me Miss Powys's bou doir.' Depositing her d.ed little bundle in the fauteuil she had o0iedEdda, with quick ening pulse followeee maid up the marble stair. CHER IV. The returned hpof Charlewick did not delay an instant iassuming and asserting his new honors. , sense of decency, nor shadow of regretr affection for his noble father, occurreds restrain him. As the earl fell back up his pillow dead, with a look of horror fren upon his white face and staring from heyes, Lord Odo Charlton strode to the b,side, felt his father's wrist, and said in hislard, cold voice, which rang out exhltantly! ' H~i's dead And I am Earl of Charle wick.i I hac come home to my very own, it seans.' I-it turnd his gaze upon Lord Ronald and Miss .iellene in a manner at once triurphantand defiant. They shrank away fromhim, iellene in horror, Ronald in dis. gust ' €o toyour own room, Hellene,' said her .ovei gently. 'This is no place for you now; H led her with tender coutrtesy to the door and she went away keeping to her own chanber Tlen Lord Ronald, with a stern, set face, comnanded the servant who waited in the corridor to summon Sir Henry Dawlish, the London physician. While this order was being obeyed, Lord Ronald re-entered the death chamber and rung the bell loudly. The nurse and housekeeper and a few of the t-per servants came hurrying in. Sir Henry D.wlish scon appeared. The room was spedily alire with subdued movements, soft whisqerings, and the painful thrill of low sobbilgs. Lori Odo Charlton remained standing at one side of the bed, his arms folded across his chest, his swarthy face wearing an inscrut able expression, his Spanish eyes of gloom shot with light so strange, so exultant, that those ,ooking at him teared him. He watched every movement transpiring around him. He knew that his identity was as yet unsuspected by the London physician and by the house hold, and thlat he was looked upon as an in truder whose purpose was unknown. ,. . !, b yi Detter retire, sir, said Sir Henry DawiThis is no place for strangers. T ned heir smiled grimly. ' b said, ' Well, I'm no stranger. I am ti of Charlewick.' ' lpossible i' cried Sir Jenry, start Sing, ig the stranger demented. ' Lord \RonParlton is now the earl in his grand fathb d.' - ' young fellow is Ronald, -rnest's son the new erl, with a glance at the paleface of his nephew. ' I heard to day rnest diedyears ago, and that the old s ill unto (eath. I arrived in Eng land, and mae all haste to return to Cha-le Grand. How you stare ! Can youtess who lam ? I was Lord Odo Chathe elderson of this dead earl. Andison of hi death I am the present tarl! . . 'I-Sv Dawlis was dumD with amaze meýike othel he had accepted the thedt Lord )do Charlton had been murtwenty iars before. His return was:turn froi the dead. He disliked themer at filt sight, and he felt a quick sen of pitj and sympathy for Lord Rdho hadoeen so long known as his ,grr's heir , w earl -ead his heart like an open bhere,' aid his lordship, roughly. , to be nc Tichborne case-mind that. 3 Charlt'n, and I can prove it. There Partlel the old housekeeper, Mr. i, the laid-steward, and Mr. Delaney, tIer, yonler by the door. They'll all ber me vell enough. I'm not a man asily focotten.' sunset had faded and the room was with shbows. Some one dropped the is over Ihe windows, and lit the wax s in their clustering sconces on the -piece. The new earl stepped out of Iht gloom in the shadow of the bed v and approached the little group of ~Ping servitors near the door, addressing :h by name. YThey stared at him in terror, the house :eper believing that she beheld a ghost. A "\v words from the new earl assured the trio 'sat it was the lost Odo Charlton who stood >efore them in the flesh. The recognition rought more of sorrow than rejoicing. The and-steward and the butler looked at Lord Ronald in dismay, while the housekeeper rept and moaned in bitter grief. ' Come, Come, Mrs. Partlet, said t1.e. new earl, impatiently, with a black scowl which she well remembered. ' If you want to re main at Charlewick, you'd better be doing something to propitiate me. I want you to prepare for my use the best rooms in the house. I'm dead tired.' Mrs. Partlet hurried out of the room. ' Here, Graham,' said the new earl, 'come with me to the corner yonder, where we can be a little secluded. I've a few questions to ask you.' The land- steward slowly and heavily fol lowed Lord Charlewick to the corner desig nated. It was a small recess beside the chim ney. The earl flung himself into an easy chair; Graham remained standing. ' You don't seem glad to see me, Graham,' said his lordship. ' I suppose you looked upon Lord Ronald as the future earl ? What sort of fellow is he ?' The steward's glances wandered to the no ble figure of Lord Ronald, as he stood by the bedside in consultation with Sir Henry Daw lish. There was no lavish display of grief in the face or manner of our hero, but he looked like one upon whom a great blow had fallen. He had loved his grandfather with the ten derest filial affection, and his very soul mourned for him, yet his face was calm and tearless. ' Lord Ronald is one of the aoblest men in the world,' replied the land- steward, huskily. 'Every one who knows him loves him.' 'A milksop, eh ?' 'A braver man than Lord Ronald Charlton does not live, sir.' 'Ah, you are his champion ? Very good. Who was that girl he sent out of the room ?' 'She was Miss Hellene Clair the only child of Lord Clair, who lives abroad. She is motheirless, and a great heiress in her own right. She is Lord Ronald's betrothed w'ife.' 'Pity to disappoint her hopes of becoming a countess,' muttered the earl. 'I admire that style of woman myself. Is the Charlewick estates in a prosperous condition ?' . 'Never more so, my lord; but excuse me, sir, is this the time to discuss questions like these? The earl is not yet cold--' T'he steward paused, as the new peer fa voured him with a black scowl, like that which had frightened the housekeeper. That scowl seemed to transform the swarthy face.into a demon's, and Mr. Graham recoiled in ter ror. ' I believe I am master here,' said the earl, 'and I certainly do not intend to hire my land steward to give me lessons in propriety. Whatever I do you are to consider right and proper. The man who critici3es me leaves my service and incurs my enmity. ' A word to the wise is sufficient.' The worthy Mr. Graham suppressed his in dignation. Before he could speak, the cham ber door opened, and the late earl's lawyer, Mr. Harston, came quietly into the room. He had been on his way to Charlewick le-Grand and had encountered the earl's messenger when nearing his-the lawyer's destination. He had learned, since his arrival in the house that the earl was daed, and the astounding news of Lord Odo's return had also been communicated to him, He approached the bedside with a troubled, sorrowful visage, and looked upon the face of the dead. Then he exchanged a few words with Lord Ronald Charlton and Sir Henry Dawlish, the former communicating to him the last intentions of the dead earl. 'It's too late now,' said the lawyer, in a subdued tone, 'If we could have foreseen the possibility of Lord Odo's return, I should have advised the earl to make a will, provid ing for you, Lord Ronald. But we had no reason to doubt that he had been murdered, and he had every reason to believe that he was dead. Where has he had been all these twenty years? What is the mystery of his absence ?' 'I do not know,' said Lord Ronald. ' There has been-no time for explanations. I have not even spoken to him yet.' 'The fellow may be an impostor.' said the lawyer, suspiciously. 'This Tichborne business may have put it into the head of some rascal to personate the lost Lord Odo, and thus step into one of the grandest estates and positions in the Kingdom. I should know the real Lord Odo anywhere, after any number of years. Come with me. I will speak to him my Lord.' Lord Ronald and the lawyer walked to ward the new-comer. He arose to receive them, smiling strangely. 'Hartson, as I live,' said the new earl, holding out his right hand. 'You haven't changed much in twenty years, Hartson, any more than I have done.' The lawyer, a Keen-eyea, grizziet man, oi inusual shrewdness and sagacity, and of proved integrity and devotion to the house of Charlewick, as his father had been before him, bent a close, searching scrutiny npon he dark, Spanish face ot the stranger. The ;inister eyes met his with a mocking expres sion, yet with the old familiar glance he re membered. There was no room for the smallest possible doubt. This man was the missing elder son of the earl, come back alter a mysterious absence of twenty years. The lawyer sighed heavily and did not refuse his hand in greeting to the returned heir. 'It is really Lord Odo Charlton,' he said in a depressed voice. ' We thought you dead sir. Why did you never write to your noble father during all these years?' Where have you been ?' 'I am no witness at the bar to be cross questioned, Hartson,' said the new earl, with a shade of haughtiness. 'Nor have I chosen you to be my father-confessor. And yet,' he added, ' I may as well tell you that I have spent the last twenty years in South America. I saw in an English paper, now three months old, a notice of my father's serious illness. I concluded to return to England to look after my rights. I did not care to come be fore, for my father had cast me off, refusing to even see me, or communicate with me. What then should I have gained by an ear lier return to England ?' 'But you went so suddenly, my lord,' said Hartson. £ Your clothes, your dressing-case, your chambers, all seemed to show that your departure was not intended.' 'That was well planned by me,' said the new earl, with a dark smile. ?My father had chosen to cast me off, and I desired him to think that I had been murdered, until such time as I might choose to return and reveal myself. The explanation of the mystery is simple, is it not.' It was the lawyer's private opinion that the mystery had not been fully explained, and that the last twenty years of Lord Odo Charl ton's life held secrets which might never be revealed, but these did not concern him or Lord Ronald, and the identity of the returned heir could not be doubted. He was the earl in his father's stead, and Lord Ronald was still Lord Ronald Charlton, nothing more. Mrs. Partlet appeared at the door to an nounce that the earl's rooms were ready. The still atmosphere of the chamber, the presence of death there, were not pleasant to the new Lord Charlewick. He went away to the rooms prepared for him. He was astir early the following morning, going over the house and grounds before breakfast. After breaktast, he ordered a horse, and rode over the home estate. He superintended the preparations for the funeral. He ordered Graham the land-steward to bring over his books for his-the earPl's perusal. He openly exulted in his new dig nities, and made not the faintest pretence of regret for the death of his father, or show of respect for his memory. He openly declared that there had been no love lost between him and his parent, and that he should not be come a hypocrite, and pretend to an affection he didt not feepl. The body ot the venerable earl lay in state at Charlewick-le-Grand during the six days that followed his death. During that period Lord Ronald and the new earl met frequently, but they did not become friends. The new peer regarded his nephew with aversion from the very first, and before the week had ended he had grown to hate him. And hatred with Odo, Earl of Charlewick, was not merely intensified dislike, that contents itself with scowling looks and unpleasant words it was with him a living passion, a volcano within his breast.that seethed and burned until it should overflow in a terrible destruc tion. During these six days Miss Hellene had kept her own rooms, and the new earl had scarcely seen her. Lord Ronald spent hours with her daily in her boudoir, and their love strengthened in this dark hour of their mutual grief, becoming a strong and vital principle, which could die only with life itself. During this week,. also, the story of the earl's return had become bruited about Eng land. The London newspapers rehearsed the tale of his disappearance, the theories con cerning it, the suppositions that he had been murdered, and the honors and wealth to which he had succeeded. He was likely to become a lion in the social world. Curious neighbours called upon him. Old friends of the family sought him out, welcoming him back with unaffected kindness, seeking to for get his early faults and errors. He received them all in an overbearing, supercihlious manner, stating that he had been in South America during the years of his mys terious absence, and openly evincing his satis faction in his newly-acquired honors, exhibit ing no show of respect whatever for the late earl's memory. He found a few to flatter and fawn upon him, but the friends of the family and most of the county families were disgusted with his conduct, and exceedingly cautious about forming an intimacy with him. The earl was buried in state at the parish church, and the funeral was attended by a large concourse of friends. After the last ceremonies, when the body had been consigned to the tomb, the new earl returned to Charlewick-'e-Grand alone in his carriage. Lord Ronald Charlton, attended by Mr. Hartson, followed in the second carriage. They drove up to the graihd old mansion a little later than the earl, and were met at the door by the hall-porter, who said : ' My lord has given orders that you are to goto thelibrary, Lord Ronald. His lordship will see you and Mr. Hartson immediately. Loid Ronald led the way to the library. It was a lofty apartment of great length, with three gigantic bay windows, one at each end and one at the side. The immense lines of books reached nearly to the ceiling along nearly one entire side. There were long tables laden with maps, charts, atlasses, and globes. There were writing-desks and writ ing-tables, easy- chairs and swing-chairs, couches and cushions-everything to tempt a student to its quiet recesses, The colors of the carpet and upholstery were dark, rich, and quiet, and a peaceful, restful atmosphere pervaded the place. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 