MYRTLE M'MURTRY'S LOVE. 1 Myrtle, dear J' ' ' ' 'Yes, George, what is it?' roplied the girl, glancing shyly upward. Tho radiant glory of a Bummer moon Bhone down upon the earth this Juna night, bathing in all its inellow Bplendour the leafy brsnohes of the sturdy old oaks that had for oenturioB shaded the ' entrance of Oaotlo M'Murtry und laughod defisuoe to tho fleioe gales that ove«y winter oame howling down in all their omul foroo and fury from tho moorlands lying to. the weBtward of tho oastle. On thoedg&of; the broad donwsne that stretched away to the south stood a large brindle cow, and aa thfl moonlight Hooked. T»itb. silvery luatia har ttsiboiwd. x\\\» ' c.-Ti- :?-?''!' ',v! ?? ' . .. ? ... ,,,t\ ,ti*t H'4-HA.l fa 1 ebe seemed to Myrtle a porfeot picture of sweet oontent and almost holy calm. 1 Ia it not a beautiful night, dearest f ' mur mured the girl. ' Son how the moonbeams flutter down through the trees, making Btrange iighta and ehadowa that flit among tho ehruba undflowera in euoh a woird, ghost-like fashion. Tho doll is indocd clothed in loveliness to-night/ sweetheart.' ' You,' aaid Georgo W. Simpson, ' thia iB tho boss doll.' And then, looking down into tho pure, innocent faco that was lifted to hia, ho took ia his own broad, third- baso palm the littlo hand that erBtwhilo held up Myrtle's polonaise As they otood there silently in the. bosky glade, George paaned his arm eilontly but firmly around Myrtle's waist. The noblo girl did not shy. 1 Do you love me, sweetheart ?' ho asked in acoentB that woie tromulona with tremulous nosfl. Myrtle's head was drooping now, and tho rosy blushes of Oalumet Avenue innocence were ohatiing each other across h«r peaohy oheeka. George drew her more closely to him. If a mosquito hud tried to puss between thom then it would have been bad — lor tho mosquito. ' Uan you doubt me, darling V ho whispered. ' You surely must know that I love you with a wild, paiidionate, whoa-Kmma love, that can never die. Do you not love mo a little in return f ' For au instant1, the girl did not speak. George heard the whisking of the brindle oow'a tail break in rudely upon tho aolemu stillness of the night, and ever and anon came the dull thud of the bullfrog as he jumped into a neighbouring pond. Presently Myrtle placed her armB about his neok, und with a wistful, baby's-got the cramp look in her sweet face, abeaasd to him : 'I love you, (iteorge, with a deathless devotion that will eventually keep you broW And with these fateful worda eho adjuated be rumpled bang and foarlonsly lod the way to an ice-cream lair.— From 'How Suckers Bite in Chicago,' by Joseph ilcdill, the Chicago Tribune Noveliat. 