Turf Talk By Nemo. The conditions for the A. J. C. Great Metropolitan Stakes and Maiden -Plato' appeared amongst our advertise ments last week. The terms of the first-named event are a handicap sweep of 20 sovs.each,' 5 sovs. forfeit, or 1 sov. only if declared on the 7th August next, with 500 added ; the second horse to get., 100 sovs., and the third 60 sovs. from the prize ; . two miles. Each nomination must be ac companied by 1 sov., and must be in the bands of the secre tary of the A. J. C. and V. R. C. at or before 4 p.m. on Monday, the 6th June. The Maiden Plato is a sweep of 5 sovs. each, 1 forfeit, with 150 sovs. added, If mile ; and entries may be made from date with the respective secre 4awina nf 4-Vn TT TO O «««! AT/4! «?. X- jl *_ ? .it ? v of general entry. It has been arranged by the Sydney Turf Club to hold a meeting at Randwick on Anniversary Day next year, when it is probable that the bill of fare will comprise the follow ing events, for which 1 sov. will nominate, and the sweeps will be for starters only:— Flying Handicap ot 100 sovs. ; Turf Club Cup, for amateurs— cup 50 sovs., with 50 sovs. added ; Hurdle Race of 100 sovs. ; Anniversary Handicap of 200 sovs. ; January Plate of 100 sovs. ; Selling Plate of 100 sovs. ; and Ladies'. Bag, for amateurs, of 60 sovs. The conditions for the Caulfield Cup, with its 500 sovs. added, &c;, appear amongst our advertisements on page 730, and will be fully noticed in our;next. The race is to close on the 5th of June ; and the Melbourne Cup and other important races of the V. R. C. will close on the same day. Falmouth, who has been gelded, is to be turned out at Terrn.rn. Mr. George Kiss, the well-known auctioneer and treasurer to Tattersall's Club, is seriously ill,— a fact that is sincerely regretted in sporting circles. The general entry for the Parramatta Queen's Birthday Meeting closed on Wednesday, and the entries will' be found in another column. Carmen, the speedy daughter of Goldsbrough, who made such a deal of pace in the last Sydney Cup, has been pur chased by Mr. E. de Mestre. All lovers of a good horse and racing generally will re gret that Mr. F. S. Reynolds, of Tocal, has sustained a great loss by the death of the celebrated imported stallion Kelpie, which took place at Tocal on Saturday last from inflammation of the bowels. Kelpie was a chestnut horse, - bred in England in 1855, and imported to Victoria in 1859, and was brought over to this colony four years Liter. He was by Weatherbit from Child of the Mist, by St. Francis from Taurina, by Taurus from Esmeralda, byZingaree from Pastille, and during his career at the stud has been one of the most successful sires in Australia. He was the sire of Fireworks, the sire oi Eucn equine wonuers as uoiasurougn ana itobm Hood, ard amongst the others of his children that have run welt are Trump Card, Kingfisher, Cronstadt, Atalanta, Sunlight, one of the fastest horses in the country; Janitor, who not only performed well at Randwick and the Hawkesbury, but swept the board in Queensland a few years ago ; Secundus, winner of the A. J. C. Great Metropolitan Stakes in 1879 ; Warlock, who beat Goldsbrough and other good ones two miles over Flemington; the well-performed Macaroni, Soothsayer, Jack o' Lantern, The Gem, Maid of Honour, and last, but not least, Jessie, who ran such a brilliant filly at the last A. J. C. Autumn Meeting. All the Kelpies had and have the knack of coming at the right end, and, although the old fellow had reached the ripe old age of 27 jeare, he was.so hearty and well up to within a few hours before his death that a few more seasons were ex pected from him. However great as the loss unquestionably is, Mr. Reynolds has the satisfaction of knowing that many of his mares are in foal to his old favourite, and that his ulace will be well filled by Goldsbrough, the grandson of The ' Australian Stud-book ' will go to press at the end of the month, and owners of thoroughbreds are reminded that if they desire their names to appear in that valuable work they have no time to lose. Sir Joseph, who was such a brilliant two-year-old, has proved a good friend to the ring recently, for when nicely handicapped and well supported at Wyndham he was disgraced; but a week or so later upset all. reasonable cal culations by romping over a good field at Caulfield. The Northern Jockey Club has issued a first-rate bill of fere to be played out at West Maitland on the £th aad 7th of June; and at 4 p.m. on Tuesday next, the 16th, entries will close with Mr. W. C. Quinton, the secretary for the undermentioned events, and it is worthy of note that 1 sov. will nominate for each race: — The Flying, Substitute, Jockey Club, Epsom, Maitland, and Grand Stand Handicaps, and the Duckenfield Park Stakes. The Prince of Wales Stakes (enclosing 2 sovs.), and the Novel Race (enclosing 1J sov.) are to close on let June, when non-acceDtors must also de clare for the handicap. Horses will be conveyed by rail at single fare for the double journey, and a .very enjoyable gathering is anticipated. The Newcastle Prince of Wales Stakes, Selling Stakes, and Hack Race, are to close on Saturday next. The Clarence River annual meeting, which is to take place in Jnly, is one of the most enjoyable of the year, and nomina tions for the Jockey Club and City Handicaps will fall due on the 1st of June. As the official opening of the railway to Hay has been, fixed for Tuesday, the 4th of July, the races, which are to take place on the following Wednesday and Friday, are likely to be particularly well attended. Nominations for the three nrincroal handicana have closed eatififfLrlnrnv. and tha complete list will be found in another column. Nominations for the Maiden Plate will be received up till the 3rd of July, the day of general entry, by Mr. J. Norman, hon. secretary, from whom we learn that the Hay Jockey Club has endorsed the decision of the Deniliquin Jockey Club, bv which Mr. Cox and his horse, Phantom, were disqualified for 12 months, and the jockey, Thompson, for three years. In order to get a line as to the merits of the imported trotting stallions in Victoria, Mr. J. J. Miller, the owner of Contractor, has challenged to trot his horse against Mr. Roberto' Boccaccio, who won the great match a few days ago. It is proposed to trot on the Elsteinwick Track, mile heats, the best three in five, and the loser to pay the sum of £50 to one of the charitable institutions of Melbourne. Old Wellington has been sent to Glenormiston, the stud farm of Mr. A. K. Finlay. Wellington is one of the stanchest and best horses that ever carried silk in Aus tralia, and as he is by Panic (by Alarm) from the imported mare Frou Frou (the dam of the Duke) by Macaroni from uieugowne, dv xouensrone rrom uiencairne oy sultan, ne can hardly fail to be a great sire ; and if his progeny inherit the gameness of the veteran, they will make their mark in the future. Mr. Roche, the owner of Old Joe, has been disqualified by the Tumut Race Club, for a period of five years, for hav ing run the horse under a fake description. The horse hag also been disqualified for a like term. The manner in which Charcoal was handled by Floyd in the Adelaide' Hurdle Race attracted the attention of the stewards to such an extent that he was called before them for an explanation, but with what result we have not heard. Our Adelaide friends are rather active in such matters, and it is to be hoped that the matter will be fully inquired into. Mr. A. K. Finlay, a prominent member of the V. R. C committee, is about to visit England for the benefit of his health. The various consultations in Sydney are rapidly filling. The totalizator is in full swing at the Adelaide meeting. Mr. E. Weekes, the Indian buyer, has exchanged Lucy for Abdallah and £100, so that the gallant little steeple chaser will not leave the colonies. Bookmakers who intend to ply their vocation at Fleming ton should not lose any time in forwarding their names to the committee of the V. R. C. The license fee is £25. There is every probability of the Toowoomba Tart Club Races being successful, for there are 13 in the Clifford Plate, nine in the Two and Three- year-old Handicap, and 11 in the Turf Club Handicap. The Hurdle Race not having filled (he-time for receiving nominations has been extended to the 16th of this month. The meeting is to come off on the 8th and 9th of June. The events to be decided at Melbourne Hunt Club Meet ing on the Queen'B Birthday have filled wonderfully well, and amongst the horses that are to run are Larpent, Boat man, The Ghost, Bar One, Glad Tidings, ana Gonzago, and as most of the races are over short distances, some speedy work may be expected. The imported sire Marquis is for sale, and stud masters who require speedy blood would do well to look after him. The following was received at Melbourne on Friday in connection with the Birthday Cup of the Adelaide Racing Club acceptances :— Albyn, Darebin, Belladrum., Handy Andy. . . Ncaily 2000 persons assembled at Randwick on Saturday afternoon to witness the trotting matcn for £1000 between Mr. W. Kelso's New Chum and Mr. W. Gannon's Baddy. The terms were to trot three miles, Paddy to start from scratch and to concede his opponent 200 yards' start. Both horses looked well, but New Chum appeared to have the most condition on his side. While the horses were being saddled Paddy was most in favour at 6 to 4 on him, but when they stepped on to the course and Paddy broke when doing his preliminary trot, the odds changed, and 5 to 4 was laid against him. The moment the word was given New Chum showed marked superiority, and began to widen the gap between himself and his rival : and when half the journey had been travelled he led by more than 300 yards. New Chum was then eased off and won very easily by about 130 yards, in 8 minutes and 47 seconds; and Paddy finished his trip in 9 minutes and 3 seconds. New Chum was ridden by his owner, while Paddy had the services of the well-known jockey, W. Yeomans. Considerable dis satisfaction was expressed at a charge of 2s. 6d. being made for admittance to the saddling-paddock, ia addition to the usual gate fee of Is. The Autumn Meetin af the South Australian Jockey Club opened at Adelaide on Saturday last, when the weather was fine, but dull. The business of the day began with the Handicap Hurdle Race, and the places were filled by Stag 9st. 31b., Acrobat lOst. 91b. and Minerva 9sf Sir 1. Elder secured the South Australian Stakes, seven fur longs, with BasBanio, the true-running son of Gang For ward, who carried 8st. to the front in 1.30J. Satanella, 7et. 111b., by Bethnal Green from Beeswine. was onlv half a length away, and was closely followed by Brilliant, 7st. 111b. Nine were saddled for the Novel Selling Race, and the places were filled by Cremorne 7st. 101b., Langulac 6st., and Xittle Dick 6st. Five started for the St. Leger, 1 mile and three-quarters and 132 yards; and Topaz, ridden by Hales, won easily by half a length from Turrettield, who was followed by The Count, and the time, 3.25J, was very slow. A large field faced the flag for the Flying Handicap, three-quarters of a mile; and Baron von Mueller 8st., Transferred 7st 21b., and Henrietta 7st. 101b., came home as named. The annual meeting of the members of the Parramatta Jockey Club was held at Hack's Hotel, on Monday evening; the president, Mr. Hugh Taylor, in the chair. The report, together with the financial statement, duly audited, showing a balance to the credit of the club of £595 4s., was unani mously adopted, and the following gentlemen elected office bearers for 1882-3, viz. :— Patron^ Lord Augustus Loftus, G.C.B. ; president, Mr. Hugh Taylor, J.P. ; vice-president, Mr. W. H. Hfllas; judge, Mr. E. J. Edrop, J.T. ; hon. secretary, Mr. J. J. Taylor ; treasurers, the president and judge; committee, Messrs. A. Gee, S. Sweeney, R. L. Dunn, F. Artlett, M. Kinchela. and R. Hack; starter, Mr. Dunn. The sum of 40 etiinenH tnu vntorl fnr fho nnmimcui of presentation plate to Messrs. J. J. Taylor and W. H. Hulas, as a slight recognition of their valuable services rendered to the dub as handicappers. Messrs. E. Moriarty, N. Bull, J.P., and G. Coates having been admitted mem bers, champagne was uncorked and success to the Parramatta Jockey Club drunk with enthusiasm. 2 he races at Kensington Park on Saturday were only poorly attended. Redlightwon the Hurdles, Rebecca the May Handicap, and Jane the Free Handicap. There were only three starters for the last named event, out of 30 on the card. 