SPORTING NEWS. VICTORIA AMATEUR TURF CLUB RACES. MELBOURNE, Saturday Evening. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDERT.) The Grand National meeting of the V.A.T.C., which took piece to-day, on the Coalfield race coarse, was most successful in every respect. The weather could not be surpassed, and a .Urge 'attendance . assembled, ( to,, witness the sport., Hit. Excellency tbe Governorand suite. : arrived on the ground during the afternoon,; rand stayed, till the finish.of the programme. The Sapling Stakes, which, brought; out afield of>'2s horses, was won by Duenna, King of the Forest and; Honors being'Second .and l third. In the Hurdle Race there were six starters, the first to 1 pitas the post being Rhesus, grand race, at the distance ; with . Merry‘ Maid, Dhnrripgile ' being 'a' b?d third. ‘Owing-to Merry - Maid,; running round , a hurdle she was-.disqualified, the. second . money., falling to .Dhurringile, no . third 1 *; horse being . placed. ■ Sanderson, the <■ rider -of Merry Maid; was disqualified for 12 months for running round a hurdle. . The Challenge Cup was won by Glowiight, with Chimney-Sweep, second.’ ' Edith passed the post firat.but was disqualified for running on the wrong side of a flag. The Ghost' won the Selling Race easily, and was bought in for £lOO, Respite and Scipio being; second, aud third. The Grand National Steeplechase was a splendid race, Left Bower; the favourite, winning, Chrysalis and Jack Scandal being second and third. The Amateur Flat K*ce fell to Din-Quixote, who won by. two lengths'from Flambeau; British Lion a poor third. The following is a detailed account of the.various events:— , ’ 1 Saplino Stakes. '•. ; 'V Mr.D, P. Wallaces g‘f Duocot, by L'cturor— Signora lO’Urien) • ~ ~ . -.• .1,1 Mr'J. A. Langs b c King of tho Forest, byKtng';*' CMv— Qauen of the For st (MaTgrave) ‘ ' 2 ’ MrJ. Whlttinchim’s br I lionora. by_ Hawthorn- '. . don—K©epsake(Sim*).; i.’>. . ‘-., - 3 •;! Betting—6 to 1 Quality, 7-to l :Duenna, 10 to I others, 'Tho flig fell to a fairly good start,’ though Mjes Glpridus and Gold* Top were* left at the post. : King of the Forest was the first to show in.front, and be was soon joined by Duenna, the pair drawing away from the real of thefiehl* and . at the turn iuto the straight .Mr Wallace’s Oily was in front. She held this advantage to the finish,' and won with-'soma-- ..thing in band: from’, King of the-. Forest. Henora wns a fair third, and Tripod, who got bndly away, was next followed by Wymlet and Quality, l with (ha others - close up; 1 Timoj 40 sec. : -■ v-- ‘ " Handicap . Hurdle Race. - ' ! Mr T. Naugbtoa’s bg'Khtsur, nged.' lOst 121 b • (Scobie) ..., ... ... • ..‘I- Mr i>. S. Wallaces b h Dburricgilo, £y'rs, 12U 51b- - (Glasscock) ‘ >2 Bolting—s to 4 nn'RheBiis,4 tol agst.Dbur* ringile, Redßovur was the first to show in front, but the first hurdle was negotiated by Merry Maid, followed by Red RoVerj l Lord O’Clyde, Dhurringile, Tamworth,'' and: Rhesus in the order named. Along the railing the same ,order was maintained,',Merry ; 3taid running. At tbe hurdle before entering the stroieht.-M-rry;, Maid ran off,_ taking with her Red Rover, Lord O’Clyde and Tamworth. The three last-named horses went back,-and took tho hurdle, but Merry Maid went bn into the straight, her j ickey flogging. She bad a lead of 20 lengths from Dhurringile and Rhesus passing tho stand, and along the back increased her; lead 'to'lSO yards, Rhesus lead ing Dhurringile by.a few lengths. Nearing.the straight Rhesus drew away from Dhurringile, nud challenging; Merry Muid at the distance, wou by half a length, Dhurringile being a bad third. Time, 4 min. 14 secs; -Merry; Maid" having run round a hurdle, was disqualified, the stakes being awarded to Rhesus; Dhurria glle second; no third horse was placed. 1 Sanderson, the rider of Merry Maid, was brought before the stewards, and disqualified for 12 mouths for improperly running round a hurdle.: - .* . . • Adstralian Amateur Challenge Cop. Mcstia-J. and it.LecSy'a,br h Glowiight, aged, list Tib (3ti»ter Cocks) , : ~ - .. .1 3tr K, K Hill’s bl r Chimney. Swo:p, 6 yrs, lOst . 81b (3fr J. O. JogUs) . .. .. ; 2 Betting—2 to 1 agst Glowiight, 3to I ogst Marquis, 5 to l others. When the fell Chimney Sweep went to the front, but the first fence was negotiated by: Glowiight iu the lead. Then came Chimney = Sweep, Edith, The Marquis; Brownlock; Alhambra,' and Highflyer, Pretender bringiug up the rear. The same order was maintained till tbe sod wall was neared, when Alhambra’ took second honours/Thisobstacle was cleared in tbe follow ing order:—Glowiight,'Alhambra, Brpwulock, The fMarquis, Highflyer, . Edith,- Pretender, and Chimneysweep last; At (he next fence Edith went to tbe front, and led over the first treble two lengths in front u! Glowiight. then came Brownlock,The Marq us, Chimney Sweep, and Pretender, Highflyer and Alhimbra coming to grief here._ Paesing the stand Edith, led, closely followed, by Bronlock, Glowiight, Marquis^Pretcnder,’and Chimney Sweep .last. At the fence on the hill Glowiight took second running, and at' the next Pretender! came down, The Marquis nearly sharing tha - same fate. Along the bsck Glowiight. and Brownlock were side by side, then came Edith, The Marquis; and Cbimhey*Sweep. A similar state of things existed till the sod wall was taken, when Edith took up the .run-, nibg/ followed by. Glowiight, Brownlock, The Marquis, and Chimney Sweep. .At the n*ixt fence, which proved a . stumbliog block, to Brownlock; Edith increased her lead to three lengths. The race at this point was virtually over, Edith passing the post three lengths in front of Glowiight, Chimney Sweep being third, six lengths away. The Marquis walking io. Time, 4 min. .42 sec. A protest was. entered against Edith : for. going oa the wrong-side of the fhg, and after an investiga tion the stakes were, awarded to Glowiight. * Selling Race Mr H. Ualces’s cb Tbe Ghost, 4 yrs (nil), 7st 01b . (O’Brien)..-,,, ; 1 Mr A. Davies’-b h BupHe, 4 yrs. (£2s>. Sat 21b •(wmiMDtoD)., ‘ . .. .. . .. 2 ifr S. G. Cook’s b c '.Sdpio, 2 yrs (£5O), 7st 61b ' (Murphy). ~ .. .. S Betting—6 to 4 against The Ghost and sto 2 Respite. Junius was first away, followed by Boatman^ 1 Scipio, : Respite, The Ghost, and Stirling, . Along the side Junius still led, The.* Ghost meanwile coming up fast on the outside. At the turn . The Ghost rushed to' the front, and entering the. straight led Respite by a couple of lengths. This order was maintained. to tbe finish, The Ghost parsing the post two lengths in front of Respite, Scipio,third, four lengths ’ away; then came Junius, Boatman, and Stirling. Time, 1 min. 7 sees. The winner was bought in at £lOO. . Caulfield Grand National Steeplechase. Mr T. Wdeon’a.b g Left Bower; aged, list 12lb r (Corrfxm) / ' ~ : 1* Mrll. Rowe us br m Cbr/salis, aged. 10-t 121 b ■ >iß»tty) .. .. •• t Mr K. Chirmlde’a b h Jack Scandal, 4 yrs, \- .(Scobie) . - , ... .. .. .. 3 Betting—6 to 4 against, Left Bower, 4to 1 Chrysalis, 5 to 1 Jack Scandal, 10 to 1 others.; A good start was cflected, the first fence being taken with.Napoleon slightly in the lead. At the . fence near the stand Baronet struck heavily and fell clean over the stand picket enclosure. Passing the stand Young Deceiver led followed t by Jack Scandal, and the others in a; heap.; Along the far side - Hands Down went to the front, Jack Scandal taking second place, then came Breechloader, . Mameluke, and: at intervals of two -lengths came AbdalUh, Sarsfield, - Left Bower, Erin, Napoleon, and Chrysalis; Euchre bringing u p the rear. The same order was maintained, till the sod wall was jumped, when Mameluke went to the lead, tbe favourite lying close behind; then came Young Deceiver,. Breechloader, Abdallah, Jack Scandal,- Napoleon, aud' the other* in a heap, whipped up by Euchre. The straight was entered the second time without material alteration, but' Breechloader came to grief over the first of the hurdles, which' was cleared by Mameluke still in tbe lead, Erin coming next, followed by Young Deceiver, Hands Down, Jack Scandal, Abdallah, Stag, Chrysalis, Left' Bower, Sarsfield, and Euchre. This order waa held passing the stand, until the fence at the bill, when. Erin went to the front. At this obstacle.Mameluke came do.wo, and the Stag-baulked. At the back Jack Scandal’s . colours were seen in the van, followed’ by Erin, Young Deceiver, Left »Bower, • Napoleon, Chrysalis, Sara* field, and Euchre ; last. Along the railway Young ‘ Deceiver led, but .gave place imme diately to Erin. Napoleon now came to grief; and the straight reached by BoWcr and Chrysalis,.nbead of the field.- This order was maintained to Che fioUb, tbe favourite eventually winuing by two lengths from Chry salis, Jack Scandal, being . third,-10 lengths away- Then cahle. Erin, Young Deceiver, Eucbro, Hands Down, Abdallah and Sarsfield. Time, 5 min. 45 sec. •' Amateub.Flat Race. - ■ i.MrD. S. Wallace’s b g Doft Qaixoio [3 yrs (Mr * ‘ ‘ Glasscock) - :: •' ~*1 Mr H. Cono'ly’s b g Flamboan, 5 yrs, by Panic— '■ Brilliant lnglls) ..- .. ... ... 3 Betting—Even on Flambeau; 5 to 2 agst Don Quixote; Flambeau nnd Don Quixote ran together till entering’ the straight, when Don Quixote drew' away and won by two length?. Time, ! min. 52J^ec. 