The Aberdeen Tenant Farmers. (By "C." in the S.M. Herald.) THE problem of land tenure is fast forcing itself to a solution in the mother- country. In Ireland the advance to a bettor state of things is thwarted chiefly by faction and by the frenzy bred of want and despair in an impulsive people. Reason and authority are alike dis regarded by the Celtic peasant of the west. Diseased potatoes, rotten corn, and cheap American oeef and butter, are alike looked upon as part of the curse brought by the Saxon. To search into the/eason of the frequent scar city that smites the country, and to face the difficulty with brain and courage, like other kindred races, is not the way with the people of Kerry. The women fall on their knees before the priest, and the men get out their old guns from the thatched roof, and the potato net, to go landlord shooting. Across a narrow strip of blue water is to be seen from the rocky coast of Antrim a land rising to the north-east in rugged outline until it fades in mountain mist and fog, and this country also is inhabited by a people with a strong dash of the Celtic blood in their veins. But the Dalriad Scots who crossed over from Ulster in the fifth century, and who gave their name to the soil, fought, inter-married, and mixed, not only with the Picts, the Gaels, the Cymri, and other tribes of the Britons, but they absorbed, or perhaps were absorbed by, a much more potent human element, a more vigorous strain of blood. The fair-haired Vikings had run up every creek, river, and inlet, more especially on the east coast facing the Baltic, whence they came to burn and slay, to trade and barter, to feast and get drunk, to steal wives and cattle. These pirates were the longest-headed people of the day, to be the leading men in Europe both in arms, in commerce, and in politics before many generations, so they speedily obtained influence in Scotland as elsewhere, and the modern Scot comes from the union of the races. In no county on that coast is the presence of the Norse element more recognisable than in Aberdeen, and none has produced more men of mark. In the old Granite City, as the chief town is often called, the first movement^in Great Britain towards a readjustment of the land tenure took place last December. The same seasons that had brought ruin to the Irish farmers and famine to the poor, had also blighted the crops in Scotland: but the mis fortune did not fall on a people living from hand to mouth, or given to parade their grievances. There were plenty of cotters and labourers who felt in their households the pinch from the bad seasons, but the pride and habits of providence characteristic of the Scottish peasant helped them through the strait without complaint; moreover, they cherished hopes of a reform in their interest— of a return to the old national tenure of crofts and fees, that had fallen into disuse through the clubbing together of farms, and the depopulation of great tracts of hill and moorland to form shooting grounds. This reform, when it came, would be a good thing for their children if not for themselves; but they knew that it could only be brought about by legal constitutional means, not Dy riot and disorder. The tenant farmers again had their views of the matter, most of them probably looking upon it as merely a question of readjustment of rent and amended leases, resting between their landlords and them selves : while there were not a few who looked more deeply into the subject, and saw that the whole community—proprietors, tenants, cot ters, and townspeople —were hampered in their avocations, ana crippled in their resources, by the relics of the feudal tenure, which, clinging to the land in the form of entail, primogeni ture, effete laws, and barbarous covenants, prevented the soil being put to use, as it would be under a better- fitting and more clastic system. The meeting in the Music Hall of Aberdeen on the 2nd December was attended by 2700 tenant farmers, belonging to the counties of Aberdeen, Banff, and Kincardine. The spectacle is described as most impressive. It was no spurt of youthful enthusiasm. The seats in the hall were densely packed with lines of weather-beaten faces and white heads; no agitators or sentimentalists, but solid respon sible self-respecting men, with clear views as to what had brought them together, and well proved resolution to abide by what they said. A generation ago many of them, rather than suffer the indignity of secular patronage being intruded on the National Church, had left the places where their fathers worshipped, and at enormous expense had endowed another estab lishment—the Free Church. Their ancestors, six generations before, had bearded the Stuart Government in the evil days of Charles and James, and they well knew and valued the fiuits of the victory then gained. In their memories there rankled no here ditary sense of bondage or conquest No alien proprietary or foreign Church had ever been forced upon them. Moreover, they were no tenants at will to be marched to the poll behind a steward and kept in good humour with beef and beer. They held under leases of nineteen and twenty-one years the farms which their kin had held as long as their parish records went back. Some years before, in another part of Scotland, in one of the Border counties, it was expected that there would be a vacant seat from the failing health of the representa tive. The member, with almost the whole county, waß Tory. So the Carlton Club sent down a nominee to take the seat in case the emergency arose. Fortunately for him, the health of the member was restored, and there was no election. As soon as the Annandale tenant farmers learned what was arranged, they met and declared that if Mr. Hope Johnstone had to retire, they were ready to give their support to any other member of his ancient house, the hereditary chiefs of Annan dale; but failing that house, they would, Tories though they were, follow no nominee— they would elect one of their own body. And of this grit were the men in the Aberdeen Music Hall. Entirely without any shade of disloyalty or traditional animosity to their landlords—indeed, retaining often the strong sense of kinship formed of feudal and clan traditions—they knew the history of their country well, and had lived, like their fathers, under the old Scottish laws and institutions, contented as long as these wore suitable to the circumstances of the times. But the competi tion of foreign produce, hich rents, and new elements of difficulty arising from the progress of thecountry, called for v recasting of the tenure. Thepropnetor was generally a mere life- renter, burdened with claims, while ho had no title ou which he could cither sell land or borrow for its improvement. The tenant had no security for unexhausted improvement* from his lease, while his effects were liable under the law of hypothec to seizure for rent. This placed the landlord in the position of a preferential cre ditor, and prevented the former laying out the capital ho would otherwise do in improving the land. The labourer, unlike his ancestor who held his croft of ground, had to hang about in the market placo between one job and another, and felt no tie to the soil. Tho townspeople suffered from these restrictions on all the rural classes; besides that, municipal extensions and improvements were continually barred by usages in regard to land which were unsuitable to modern lif o. The business of the meeting was entirely conducted by tenant farmers. The speeches gave evidence of a thorough grasp of the sub ject, and the movement bad evidently been planned with great foresight and discretion. On the platform were a group of invited guests, the Provost of Aberdeen, several members of the House of Commons, and a sprinkling of Liberal lairds, and these addressed the meeting after the business proper to the occasion had been dealt with. The result of the proceedings was the formation of a "Farmers' Alliance," which has since spread over all Scotland, and no doubt we shall hear more about it in time. If the " Alliance" is guided by the same prac tical sense and discretion that distinguished the meeting in Aberdeen, it oan hardly fail to exer cise a powerful influence in improving the hind tenure of Great Britain. What has stirred up the Egyptians (asks the Eoho) to this pitch of fury, if indeed it is the Egyptians who are moving? They have not been accustomed to regard Europeans as natural prey. White men and women have travelled and traded and dwelt in Egypt as securely as in Germany, free of any fear of outrage or the remotest note of holy war. Is Ourabi Bey the only devil? Had he no ances tors? The hands that forged the lances and sharpened the scimitars of Ourabi Bey's fanatic followers, or tho scum who follow their own bestial instincts, were those of the Khedive Ismail, and the French and English money- lenders who raised the mil lions to satiate his desires. It is Ismail's creditors who are knocking, not at Ismail's door, but at the hearts of all the wretched fellaheen who rise with mad enthusiasm at the ghost of a national cause. It is Ismail's creditors who render Ourabi's mission possible, and give the dogs who follow fighting men their chance of prey. No use of talking of it now, perhaps; shot and steel must finish what rapacious greed and licentious prodigality began ; but it is just as well to remember it; it aids at least to a proper understanding, if not a righteous judgment of tho whole matter. And also let it be carefully remembered that it is not on record that the national spirit of Egypt has polluted itself with abominable cruelty. There is a scam, a canaille, a devildom, a larrikinism in Ejrypt as in Sydney or Mel bourne; and it naturally asserts itself the moment restraint is unf elt. The intelligence that Russia contemplates annexing the Corean peninsula, with the view of strengthening' her position in the Pacific, cannot (observes the Australasian) be viewed with indifference by the Australian colonies. Any step which will enable a systematically aggressive Power like Russia to increase her naval strength in the Pacific has a direct bear ing upon the future interests of these colonies. It is notorious that for years Russia has been seeking to establish a naval station on the eastern coast of Asia, which would serve as the head-quarters of her Pacific squadrons, and con stitute a suitable and impregnable base in the event of war with China, Japan, or Great Bri tain. Nicolaievsk proved a complete failure, and was abandoned in favour of Vladivostock, which is some 10' farther south, but this place is not suitable for a naval station, as it is liable to be blocked with ice for many months at a time. The Russians have, however, now dis covered the very spot for which they have so long sought. About 100 miles south of the Turaen River, which constitutes the present Russo-Gorean boundary, isßroughton Bay, the northern end of which is said to form one of the most magnificent harbours in the world. This the Russians have named Port Lamrcff: and should they determine to annex it, it will give them the command of two of the northern provinces of Corea, and placo them in a position to threaten Pekin and the northern ports of China at will. Corea, although virtually an in dependent sovereignty, is still nominally a feu datory of China, and its forcible annexation would be pretty certain to be resented by the Celestial Empire, and possibly by Japan, which also has some interests to conserve in the peninsula. Great Britain would most likely content herself with a remonstrance, although, ultimately, her colonial possessions in the Pacific may be dangerously menaced through the splendid base of operations which Russia will have secured in the East. Cardinal Maccabe has attracted much attention by his steady persistent denunciation of the outrages on life and property which have for some time back been practised in Ireland. When therefore the rumour was set afloat that he had notice of assassination from the Fenian organisation, and that he had sought police protection, it was telegraphed even to Aus tralia, and doubtless there were everywhere gobemoucfuis who swallowed it without dif ficulty. Soon after the Cardinal arrived in Dublin, an address of congratulation on his lately acquired dignity was presented to him. In replying thereto, his Eminence con cludes as follows : —" Perhaps I might be allowed to say a word in reference to a very extraordinary report that I believe has obtained a very widespread circulation. It has found its way into Oaiignani, and may be supposed to have been very widely spread, and was to the effect that some persons hung crape on the knocker of the hall door of my house, and that I received a letter with tho representation of a coffin. Now, I wish to give the report the most complete contradiction. No such thing ever occurred. As I said in a more formal answer since I returned home, I have received nothing but the most marked kindness from every class of the people of tho diocese, and, if need be, I would not have the least fear of walking through the street* of Dublin at any hour of the night. 1 think ;v mistake—well intended, no doubt—was nuulo by the police authorities. lam deeply grateful for their kindness. I found on my arrival that I had the honour of ljeinj,' escorted by four de tectives. I never had a very high opinion of my own character, but I never ktu-w it was so bad licforv. One detective ouirht to be alile to watch mt'. For tw<» or thwo <luvs sifter I wan followed by detectives ; but 1 niu>t confess, while 1 feel deeply jrrateful—nnwt thankful to the police authorities for their kindness, I felt deeply humiliated. First of all, I do not think I require protection—l think I could more efficiently give protection. If I were in danger, and anyone wished to take my wretched life, as I have no control over it, I would not have the smallest difficulty in giving it back to God, if niy life could be of the smallest advantage to my couutry. I sent to the authorities to thank them for their kindness, but with an earnest request to with draw the protection they had Riven me. I was anxious to know if they knew of anything not to ray advantage, so that if there was any inten tion to assassinate me I would make frequent acts of contrition, as we all require before going into tho presence of God. The answer of the authorities was that they knew of no danger. They withdrew the protection. That was three or four days ago, antl you will all, I hope, bear testimony that I am still living." Afrightful double murder was perpetrated at Ardrahan, near Gort, county Gal way, on the afternoon of Bth June. Mr. Bourke, of Rahassane Park, who for some time past has been under special protection, was returning home, accompanied by his bodyguard, a soldier belonging to the Royal Dragoon Guards, when several shots were tired by some persons con cealed behind a wall. The shots took imme diate and fatal effect upon both Mr. Bourke and his guard. Mb. F. Young, honorary secretary to the Royal Colonial Institute, transmitted copies of the poet laureate's aong, " Hands All Round," set to music by Mrs. Alfred Tennyson, to the Governors of all the British colonies and de pendencies, inviting them to use their influence to have it publicly sung on the Queen's Birth day. The request, it appears, met with a hearty response throughout the Empire. The French are determined to see what can be done with the Australian trade. Some time ago a company was talked of, whoso steamers should ply between France and New Caledonia, calling, of course, at some interme diate Australian ports. Since then, however, the enterprise has taken a more definite form, and we now learn that the great Messagcrics Maritiroes Company, induced by a special subsidy from the French Government, is going to establish a line of steamers to run once a month from Marseilles to New Caledonia, calling at Mauritius, Adelaide, Melbourne, and Sydney. Vessels are being specially built for this service, which, it is expected, will be begun before the end of the year. The high character of tho company, and the magnificence of the vessels which it employs on the longer voyages, will make it a very formidable rival to those already engaged in the trade. There was no gold coinage at the Roya Mint last year (says the London Economist). Such a circumstance as the non-coinage of a single sovereign or half-sovereign hud not oc curred before in any year since the establish ment of the present system in 1817. The nearest recent approach to such a condition was in 1879, when only £35,050 of gold were coined. Of course there are alternations of rise and fall in the Mint work. For example, in the interven ing year between 1879 and 1881 £4,150,062 was the value of the gold coined. The average of the ten past years (1872-81) is not, however, re duced by the blank year 1881 to a lower level than £3,247,913 per annum. Other countries in 1881 show similar fluctuations. France is stated to have coined only £86,680, entirely in 100 franc pieces; Belgium, nothing; Ger many, down to the end of November, £343,317; Austria and Hungary, about £498,819; Holland, nothing: Spain, £2,291,164, mainly in pieces of twenty-five pesetas or francs ; the four United States Mints at Philadelphia, San Francisco, Carson, and New Orleans, £19,683,466 (at 4s. equal to $1); the two Australian branches of the British Royal Mint at Sydney and Mel bourne, £3,706.800. The total gold coinage thus recorded for the year amounts to £26,609,246. For silver coinage, the figures that can be col lected give £1,004,324 at the Royal Mint, and £48,600 at the Sydney branch; £4,250,000 in India, £5,630,000 in the United States, £494,000 in Germany, £2,223,000 in Austria and Hun gary. Total silver coinage, £13,544,824 One of the most magnificent of the late Khedive Ismail's projects, the Nubian and Soudan Railway, is assuming (wrote an English exchange, in June last) something like a substantial form. The original idea seems only to have been to run a line to Assouan, below the First Cataract, to Wady Haifa, at the Second Cataract, thug saving the transport of merchandise either way from Nile boat to camel, or vice versd, which at present takes place at both rapids. But already an extension 300 miles above Wady Haifa is contemplated by the scheme, and if that is carried out in all probability the line will be lengthened somo day to Khartoum, the capital of the Soudan, at the junction of the Blue and White Nile. To some this may seem a chimerical project; but there are few engineering difficulties in the way saveat the Assouan end, which have been already pretty well overcome, and, if it is ever carried to completion, it cannot fail to affect most pro- Sitiously the future both of Nubia and the oudan. It is to be a single line, of which at present seventy-five miles are finished ; and as it leaves Assouan it passes through a portion of the famous granite quarries, out of which the Gizeh pyramids, near Cairo, and so many of her Pharaonic works were made. The engi neer, a Scotchman, has no European to assist him, and the ways of his Arab and Nubian labourers are anything but the ways of the English navvy. Nothing will induce them to use a wheelbarrow, and, as they work in gangs, with a taskmaster standing over them whip in hand, either supporting great masses on their backs or carrying away the debris in baskets, they forcibly recall to mind the habits and customs of the ancient Egyptians as depicted on the sculptures at Thebes and Karnack The time is not apparently far distant when 5000 carcasses of sheep in one vessel will be quite an insignificant consignment. A steamer for Australia has just left the Clyde with Hick, Hargreaves, and Co.'s refrigerating machinery on board, capable of keeping a space of about 700 tons capacity (being the largest space hitherto provided on any vessel for this purpose) at a temperature of 85' below zero (Fahr). The same company have just completed and .shipped to Queensland a cold-air machine, which is .said to l>e the largest of the kind ever made. It is intended for freezing, and keeping in a. frozen state, ready for shipment, 1000 tons of fresh meat. An Australian sheep weighs from 0011). to 801b., •«> this enormous freczingmachine will l;c able i'» freeze and keep in store, in a perfectly fresh state for any time desired, no Ipns than 'J<>.(HK) xli.-ep Till1, won- socialilc and loss ilaiiirorous trioyHf is isiiysau KnirlisJi j.nper) fast gaining in popularity upon the ii)'>r!> nipiil bicycle. As yet the tricycle only numbers its hundreds where its elder rival count* it., thousands, but before long the proportion may be reversed. The recent meet of 400 tricyclists at Barnes has given great stimulus to the demand for throe wheelers. The Khedive, who is said to console himself in the midst of his difficulties at Cairo hy tricycling, has ordered two new machines from an English firm. Tho extent to which the tricycle is being used by ladies may pos sibly lead to tho gradual introduction of the much talked of but seldom seen duplex garment which figures ho largely in the dress of the future. For tricycling it ought to be quite as much a matter of course as the riding-habit is for riding. A medical officer writing to the Times of India, apropos of vaccination in British Bur mah for the year 1880-81, says:—" I have entered a village of 5000 inhabitants with a small supply of lymph, and after vaccinating a. few infants in the first houses I came across, I have ultimately succeeded in vaccinating at least 90 per cent of the children under 5 years of age, to say nothing of the numerous adults who claimed my services. I have seen Burmese mothers eagerly struggling for the next turn of my attention. Smallpox is the great devastator of the Irrawaddy Valley, and in Upper Burmah deeply pitted faces are exceedingly common, whflo most of the blind people one encounters about the pagodas and sacred places owe their infirmity to the ravages of smallpox." This shows what the ravages of smallpox accomplish; and the inference is that vaccination tends to ameliorate, if it will not entirely prevent, the horrible results. The following clippings from the Home News concerning the movements of the Detached Squadron, which escorted the royal princes in their late visit to the Australian colonies, will be of interest:—" The King and Queen of Greece, with their sons and the two English princes, spent 18th May at Tutoi Palace. Mr. Ford, tho British Minister; Mr. Grcville, Secretary to the Legation; Captain Lord Charles Scott, of the Bacchante ; Captain Sey mour, of the Iris; Mr. Dalton, tutor to the royal princes; and the surgeon of the Bac chante—were among the guests. The King and Queen accompanied the English princes on board Her Majesty's ship Bacchante, where luncheon was served. Their Majesties after wards witnessed some sailing between the boats of the Bacchante and Iris. The crews of both vessels manned the yards and heartily cheered their Majesties on their departure.— Advices from Cape Town report that her Majesty's ship Inconstant has narrowly escaped loss by fire. She was off Simon's Town, when late on the evening of the sth May the inhabi tants were alarmed by the ringing of the dock yard fire-bell, owing to a fire being discovered on board the Inconstant. It was found to be raging in the after part of the vessel, and it spread very rapidly. Water was pumped on board, the after compartments were filled, and the magazines were flooded. This resulted in the extinction of the fire, which is supposed to have originated in one of the store-rooms. Admiral Sullivan directed the proceedings. Her Majesty's ship Carysfort during the whole time had steam up, prepared to beach the Inconstant, if necessary. The conduct of the officers and men was most praiseworthy." The Dublin Freeman's Journal remarks on Home Rule :—" England is determined, if pos sible, to avoid the mistakes of the last century by which she lost her American colonies. All the great dependencies of the British Empire have at present practical internal independence, save perhaps the vast country of India, which is governed by a system of satraps. Canada and the divisions of Australia have Home Rule to the fullest extent. The people of England have as little voice in the government of these colonies as the people of Ireland have. The people are all the time loyal and contented sub jects of the Crown, whose golden link alone unites them with the mother-country. The emblematic circlet is stronger than bayonets or batteries. Why will statesmen hesitate to give to Ireland that which has been so happy and successful in the New World and at the Anti podes, and for which India is deemed fit, and ripe, and ready?" The following telegrams in reference to the resignation of Mr. John Bright are from the Age :—" London, 16th July.—Mr. Bright's reasons for resigning office arc not confined to disapproval of the bombardment of Alexandria. He is totally opposed to the prolonged occupa tion of Egypt, which he foresees will be neces sary if the rule of the Khedive is to be estab lished by British arms. Ho considers that the Government, by the policy which they have instructed Admiral Seymour to pursue, have committed themselves to a long career of blood shed in case Turkey should refuse to intervene and compel obedience to Tewfik. In tendering his resignation Mr. Bright expressed great regret at severing his connection with Mr. Gladstone's Ministry, with whom, on all points of domestic policy, he was fully in accord. Mr. Bright's constituents at Birmingham express no surprise at the course taken by the right hon. gentleman, which they regard as entirely consistent with the peace principles which he has always professed. The Tory party are in ecstasies over Mr. Bright's resignation, which they regard as a most serious blow to the existence of Mr. Gladstone's Ministry. London, 17th July.—The New York papers express surprise that Mr. Bright should not have tendered his resignation earlier. They consider that he showed great inconsistency in becoming a consenting party to the bombard ment of Alexandria, and that his conduct in the matter has been discreditable to his cha racter as a statesman. The Earl of Derby is mentioned as Mr. Bright's probable successor as Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster and a member of Mr. Gladstone s Cabinet. The Go vernment are extremely solicitous that Lord Derby should join them, as they consider it most important to secure his support at the present juncture." Says the Paris Bourse:—"lt is rather curious to learn that Ourabi Bey, the fiery colonel, was, just before his accession to power, a petty employe in the Cattani firm, where his duties consisted in superintending the fodder supplies with which that firm was entrusted. Is it not rather comical to see such a high per sonage holding the Great Powers at bay, and declaring treaties null and void ? . . . For mere patriotism the Cattani firm are bound to take back their former fiery employe, while increasing his salary, say, by 50f. per month, with the promise of a substantial Christmas box." And so on. We (Pall Mall Gazette) see nothing comical about this man's rise. This is by no means the first time since the days of Joseph the Hebrew when a mean man has sprung into power in the valley of the Nile. The founder of the pivsent Khedive's family was himself but an Albanian peasant, so Ourabi Pasha's rise is not a thinsf to be laughed over by quidnuncs, therefore, but very much the reverse. 