MELBOURNE SPORTING NEWS. fBy Teleeranh, 1 ["From our own Eeiiorter.1 _ Melbourne, October 2. The Victorian had a good passage, and all the horses were landed safely this afternoon. < Very little work was done on the training track this morning, as it was very cold and wet. Cunnamulla, the Cup favourite, looks remarkably well. Betting is almost a dead letter to-day, speculators being engaged in the settling on the Hunt Club Meeting. Fryingpan was, however, in strong request for the Caulfield Guineas, all fours to one being taken. One thousand to hundred was asked for about Cunnamulla for the Cup, bnt no one would lay. Segenhoe has arrived, and is reported as looking very well.| Fryingjlian is in great request for the V.A.T.C. Guineas, and to-day 4 to 1 is the best offer. Hecla and Guesswork are at 5 to 1. In the Caulfield Cup Prattle was IOO to 5, Darebin 100 to 6, Assyrian 100 to 7. The Stewards of the Melbourne Hunt Club, at a meeting, disqualified F. Leng for six months for misconduct. Leng scratched Van TTtmp for the Amateur Hurdle Race without the owner's sanction, and when an explanation was asked grossly misconducted himself. Melbourne, October 3. There has been some good betting on the Caulfield Guineas, for which Fryingpan, Hecla, and Guesswork have been well backed to 4 to 1; 6 to 1 was taken in 100's several timeB about Transferred, who is reported to be doing splendid work at Caulfield. For the Caulfield Cup Assyrian is still firm at 100 to 8, but this race was scarcely touched to-day. and Creswick and Canary are tbe only fresh horses introduced into the market, for the Maribyrnong Plate Narina is very firm at about 8 to 1; 3 to I was taken on Navigator for the T>erby, and 7'aasked forabout Segenhoe, and Cunnamulla is very hard for the Cup at 8's. The colt George Rignold fell at the Flying Stakes Hunt Club Meeting on Saturday, ana sustained severe injury to his spine, neces sitating his destruction. Guesswork is in great favour for the Caulfield Guineas, and his price has now shortened to 4 to 1, the same as Fryingpan and Hecla. For the Caulfield Cup Fryingpan is at 100 to 4, and Prattle 100 to 5. Melbourne, October 4. Mr. De Mestre'i Navigator, Sweet William, Gudarz, and three two-year-olds arrived from Sydney to-day, ana will remain at Fleming-ton until the rest of the string arive, when tee latter will be removed to Wuliams town. After bis gallop this morning Guess work has become a great favourite for the Guineas. All the money at 4 to 1 was taken at midday, arid to-night he was backed again, the best price at the fiuish being 5 to 2. Fryingpan remains at 4 to 1, but Hecla is a little easier, and 8 and 10 to 1 arc offered on Transferred. There is nothing doing on the Caulfield Cup or on the Derby and Cup. Martindale and Cetewayo have been scratched for the Melbourne Cup. Bastard and Buzza are scratched for all Caulfield engagements. The committee of the Vic torian Racing Club have endorsed the action of the Stewards of the Hunt Club in dis qualifying F. Leng, trainer, for misconduct on the course on Saturday last. Melbourne, October 5. . The following are the scratchings for the V. A.T.C. Meeting posted to-dayCaulfield Cup—Canary, Morpeth, John Peel, Robert the Devil. Caulfield Guineas — Morpeth. First Hurdle Race—Fusilier. Second Hurdle' Race — Huntingdon. Toorak Handicap Scandal, The Ghost, Lapstone, Robert the Devil. 