Music and Drama The fifth concert of the Metropolitan Liedertafel was given in the Garden Palace on Saturday afternoon, when the audience was far larger than at any previous concert by the society. During the six days the Liedertafel were in Sydney they gave five concerts, Thursday being their only free day. Their perform ances have included 25 part-songs for men's voices onlv, of which the ' Blue Danube ' was on each pro gramme ; &ix; numbers with solo parts, including three songs for which humming accompaniments have been arranged ; one song by Mr. Angus, two songs by Mr. Kendall, four by Mr. Moyle, two duets by Messrs. Moyle and Kendall. In addition, Miss Christian sang seven songs — 'Kathleen Mavourneen'' and 'Will He Come ' being on two programmes — and took the solo in two of the songs -with humming accompani ments. At the second concert a lady amateur, and at the fourth Mr. J. Bushelle, assisted the society. Four of the part-songs were arranged and a fifth com posed for the society by Herr Elsasser. Schubert's fine song, 'Lo, the Orb of Day,' was supplied with the humming accompaniment by Mr. Guenett. The concerted pieces throughout were given with uniform excellence ; the solos, apart from those of Miss Christian, were, with few exceptions, below the average ; and the wisdom of the management is shown by the society's custom of engaging the best professional asssistance for the solo work, rather than detract from the impression produced in the united performance of the members in the ensembles by showing the weakness of individuals. This fact should be borne in mind by those who seek to estab lish a liedertafel here. It is quite possible to find 50 or 100 singers whose voices combined are productive of great musical pleasure and skill, but from that number probably not one will exceed mediocrity as a soloist. The visit of the Orpheonists from Belgium, France, and Switzerland to Brighton has given rise to discussions on the comparative merits of choruses for men's voices only or with the soprano and contralto voices. The corre spondence is interesting from the variety of the views expressed : one maintaining that in England the mixed chorus stands above all others for excellence ; that beside it the best Belgian chorus is rough and monotonous ; and, further, that the exclusion of ladies from many Continental societies is due, in France and Belgium at least, to the lower estimate of woman in the two countries ; that the prudery of unmarried ladies there would render a mixed choir an impossi bility, while in England on the other hand the pre sence of modest educated ladies often exercises a re fining influence on the societies formed of all classes of the other sex. The truth is there is ample room for both ; certainty is assured for the cultiva tion of the voices in a mixed choir so long as the best and grandest of our choral works clamour for performance. The ' Messiah,' 'Elijah,'' 'Creation,' all our oratorios, and many shorter works will necessitate and secure the presence of a powerful feminine contingent; but this in no way shuts out the merits of the chorus for male voices only. Mendelssohn records the pleasure he felt in writing for them, and has left ' Antigone ' and '? Edipus,' with many beautiful compositions, besides part- songs, to attest the feeling. Weber, Schubert, Schumann, lleinecke, and Raff have done and are doing the same; while Calcott, Webbe, Horsier, Hatton, and Sullivan, with a host besides, show the partiality of English musicians for this class of composition. Of the choral music in print, estimated from the catalogues of the chief music publishers in Leipsic, Berlin, London, Vienna, and other great musical centres, more than 70 per cent, is for male voices only. In Ger many these societies are very numerous, and their performances justly famous throughout and beyond their own country. The difficulties as to regularity of rehearsal which are urged against including ladies in choral societies in many countries ought here to be of greater importance owing to our scattered population, and yet we fancy the feminine portion of our societies would carry the palm for punctual and regular attend ance. At any rate there is abundance of material both in music and voices for a new liedertafel, and we shall hail its formation. Miss Christian's ballads were a very attractive part of the programmes. The operatic selection was a blunder, and ' O mio Fernando ' was really the lady's only unsatisfactory number. The tendency to ad libitum phrasing, which disappeared on the return of this artist from Europe, is now reasserting itself ; but exaggerated emphasis and unduly prolonged pauses are really blemishes in the work of so accomplished a vocalist. Miss Christian's merits have won for her a distinguished position in her profession, which needs no meretricious support. The last per formance by the Liedertafel was received with great enthusiasm ; and while the public of Sydney owes the members a large debt of gratitude for their visit, it is to be hoped that the efforts of Sir Patrick Jennings, Sir John Robertson, and his Worship the Mayor for their amusement will have made the trip a pleasant one to our visitors. On Monday a vocal and instrumental concert was given in the Garden Palace. Miss Christian and Mr. Baker were the vocalists ; an orchestra of 40 instru mentalists, including several members of the different theatre bands, and of the players originally belonging to the Austrian Band ; to these were added the brass band of the Russian Squadron, who, under the con duct of their bandmaster, Deitsch, played nine pieces, five of which were operatic selections. These, and the Grand Potpourri on Russian national airs, with the imposing melody of the Russian National Anthem, were very heartily applauded, in spite of harshness among some instruments, and other defects which made the performance far from perfect. The music by the other band and the vocal numbers received very enthusiastic welcome. The esthetic opera, 'Patience,' has been very largely attended. On Tuesday last the audience would have delighted any manager on an opening night, and the approbation of the public was so fre quently testified and as demonstratively shown as if the beauties of Gilbert and Sullivan's work were heard for the first time. The Opera-house is now the centre of attraction. Pantomime may, and does, amuse children, but among the educated public finds few suppor ters, while in ' Patience ' the music and the satire, apart from the pleasurable effect of bright scenery and charmingly picturesque costumes, afford matter for real enjoyment to the cultivated listeners, as well as to those who seek amusement only. Yet in the full tide of popular favour, the last nights are announced. The arrangements of the managers compel the de parture of the company at an early date, and they purpose giving a short season of English opera before leaving Sydney. Miss Alice Rees appeared in ' Sonnambula' and in ' Maritana' in Melbourne and Adelaide, and her version of those parts will be looked for with considerable interest. Mr. Armes Beaumont, Signori Verdi and Riccardi, will, in . such operas, have work a little more in their proper groove, and the hardly-pressed Bunthorne will get a merited rest, Mr. Vernon has elaborated his interpretation of the fleshly poet until he has reached the limits, and must now guard against excess. Miss Novaro errs in the same direc tion. One result is that the song with the double bass accompaniment passes now without a ' hand ;' ' the intensely comic version of the original is entirely lost, and the changes in the inflection of the voice during the dialogue, much more audible than in the Royal, prove that variety is not always progress. Miss Alice Rees has developed her interpretation with much advantage, and may do more yet. Her singing of the part is so technically good that a lack of corresponding appropriateness in action or gesture is irritating. We want to see her more than ' ail-but,' and wish she may soon bring her acting on a level with her singing. Signor Riccardi takes an exalted view of his conductor, and now replaces Jullien with 'Giorza, the eminent musico,'1 in his advice how to make ' a popular Dragoona.' Signor Verdi looks as 'picturesque,' moans about his fatal perfection, and confesses himself the most beautiful of men with a quiet complacency worthy of a Narcissus indeed. Mr. Beaumont has acquired the drawl of a fashionable member of society, but happily avoids it in his singing, which is fine and vigorous. The Major still nightly inquires for a remedy for cramp, and the rapturous maidens cling, sigh, yearn, and pose with all the ecstasy of idealised beings. The dragoons sing splendidly, and 'Patience' is un doubtedly a complete, unprecedented, and merited success, not the least important work being that done by Signor Giorza and his efficent orchestra. ' Sinbad the Sailor ' attracts crowds which fill the Royal from floor to ceiling night after night ; and for those who find pleasure in such entertainments it would be difficult perhaps to give them anything better. For ourselves, we confess that such beauty of scenery and costume, such grand spectacular display, seems like throwing good things away. However, while the public patronise pantomimes managers are bound to provide them, and the fact that bo many good actors and actresses are in the cast proves the theatrical importance of the piece. Mr. Richard Stewart's song, ' On the Job/' please3 the people particularly ; every additional verse is greedily welcomed ; so also with the efforts of Mr. Bland Holt and Mr. J. L. Hall. Mt. Leston and Mr. Beverley are also good in their parts. Miss Maggie Oliver, Miss Maggie Stewart, Miss Lena Edwin, and Miss Therese Horan make a very bewitching quartet ; and Miss Nellie Playfair, as the Peri, has a character so new to her that she deserves encouragement. The dresses are really beautiful, and the grouping in the transformation scene most effective. It is a pity that so very charming a picture is visible for only a very short period of the enter tainment. The marvels of the fiery-chid sprites form a wonderful break in the business, their feats are capitally managed, and the rapidity of their move ments is as astonishing as the trick's themselves are clever. The harlequinade, while possessing all the stereotyped business, has some novelties exceedingly well introduced. One of the best managed is the ap parently shooting of a man through a cannon, and the almost miraculous way in which the scattered fragments of the body are collected and so success fully joined that the victim walks away with the outer man whole as before. The political and local allusions .are eagerly caught and appreciated ; the librettist has, however, been tempted to indulge in person alities. Mr. llice leads the band well ; the dancing is good ; the marcliing and all processional business exceedingly well managed. We cannot call it ' precious nonsense,' but it is of a kind for which, young Australia annually yearns. ' Blue Beard' is attracting crowds to the Queen's, where, as at the Royal, everything has been done to catch the public fancy. The pruning-knif e ought to be used, for many portions are too much spun out. The dancing of Miss Blanche and Mr. George Leopold is excellent of its kind ; but half the quantity would be sufficient in the place, and the excess becomes wearisome. Miss Wanganheini dresses gorgeously, and sings and acts with much spirit. The Corporal, who becomes the Heathen Chinee, is very amusing ; and in the whole business there is much to furnish entertainment and to account for the great favour accorded to it. The Black Brigade has been well drilled, and indeed the amount of attention which must be given to these spectacular affairs in grouping, posing, and arranging the marches, makes it incredible that genuine drama should often be put before the public with so little regard to detail. At the Gaiety Theatre, avoiding the pantomime, the management have produced ' The Green Lanes of Old England,' a drama of the higgly sensational class. Its authors, Messrs. Pettitt and Conquest, have cleverly strung together some most exciting incidents, the principal of which have done duty more than once before, as in ' Blow for Blow ; ?' it is very well put upon the stage, and the majority of the charac ters are so well played, that the production is a great success. Miss Ainie Adere has, in the character of Mar garet Wheatstone, a part which requires great emo tional power, and this she reveals in a great degree. Mr. Dampier, though not the hero, makes an effective and prominent part of Gentleman George; Misses Melville, Marion Melrose, Kate Adere, and little Rose Dampier arc all well placed ; and Messrs. H. W. Emmett, Palmer, Boothman, Poole, and Sefton fill their parts commend ably. The ' Green Lanes ' is announced until further notice, and will probably have a long run. The performance of ' Aladdin' at the Victoria Hall has been withdrawn. The Amateur Pinafore Company on Thursday re peated the nautical opera at the Glebe, for the benefit of the Children's Hospital and the Infant's Home. They have considerably improved by repetition. In olden times the trade guilds did much to illus trate the drama ; each company had its particular play, which, at certain festivals, was performed by the members. The plays were chiefly on religious subjects. The Drapers, one of the ' honourable com panies' incorporated 1430, performed 'The Creation' at Whitsuntide; the Barbers (1462), 'Melchisedec and Lot;' the Vintners, 'The Three Kings;' the Tanners, 'The Fall of Lucifer;' the Dyers, 'The Deluge;' the Coopers, 'Moses, Balak, and Balaam;' the Painters and Glaziers, 'The Shepherds Feeding their Flocks by Night;' the Butchers, 'The Temptation;' the Corvesories, 'Jesus and the Lepers;' the Clothiers, 'Antichrist;' the Glovers, 'The Blind Man and Lazarus ;' the Black smiths, ' The Purification ;' the Fishmongers, 'The Sending of the Holy Ghost ;' the Mercers, ' The Oblation of the Three Kings ;' the Goldsmiths, 'The Killing of the Innocents ;' the Bowyers, Fletchers, and Ironmongers, ' Christ's Passion ;' the Cooks and Innkeepers, ' The Descent into Hell ;' the Taylors, 'The Ascension;' the Skinners, 'The Resur rection;' and the Shipwrights, 'TheSalutationandthe Nativuy.'1 The number of women who have adopted the operatic and dramatic stage as a profession is now very numerous, and of those who have attained real eminence in their respective branches the preponder ance at the present day is perhaps in favour of the female rather than the male actors ; yet a little more than 200 years ago the principal parts were given to sopranists or castrati. His Majesty Charles II. on one occasion complained to Davenant of the delay in drawing up the curtain. ' Sire,' replied the manager, ' the scene will commence as soon as the queen is shaved.' The famous woman-actor, Kynaston, pour trayed the queen, and verysoon after this his Majesty granted a patent to Sir William Davenant for the introduction of women on the stage. At the present time there are few more revolting spectacles in operatic or dramatic representations than the assump tion of female characters by men. An eminent critic thus writes on the latest opera :— 'The operatic works of amateur composers — if in deed such a title be not altogether a misnomer— so seldom reach any serious reputation or extended per fonnance that it will belittle disappointmentto find that Baron Bodog d'Orczy's ? II Rinnegato ' has scored no great success. Its author is a Hungarian nobleman, who from 1869 to 1873 filled the post of intendantat the Imperial Opera-house at Pesth, and who began at early age to compose, his songs having since acquired a very high reputation. With such a begin ning it might have been expected that the Baron would at least have produced a melodious work ; but this cannot in truth be said to be a fair description of his music, which is marked by strange and abnormal effects more than by any developed or consistent plan. With all the advantages of admirable mounting and an effective performance, the opera failed to attract, and it may safely be affirmed that it will be allowed to rest in the repertoire of her Majesty's as one of the works which will but seldom be demanded.' 