ROBIN. By MRS. PARR, Authoress ov ?' Dorothy Fox,' ''The Gosan km.1thv,' 'adam and eve,' &c;, &c.; CHAPTElt XXIV. With 3ust enough consciousness left to re member that on the road — into which from out of the thicket he would presently emerge — he might possibly meet persons walking, Jack endeavored to collect himself a little, to get his face into more everyday order, and pull himself together again. This done, he walked on, his thoughts still so completely in mastery of his other senses that his usually quick car did not catch the sound of a horse's hoofs suddenly put into motion, galloping quickly away. Close to tne cage wnic-n on one siac smrts the mound where three roads meet, only a short time before Georgy Temple might have been seen standing raised in her stirrup, gazing intently at two figures who, while taking a survey of the thicket, had caught her eyes and arrested her attention. To the easual passer- by the enclosure below was merely indicated by the clumped- together tops of irregular grown trees, but Georgy, familiar with every landmark round, knewof a dwarfed, particular thorn, through the cleft steins of which you could get sight of the one really clear spot that the tangle beneath boasted of. In olden days had she not often scrambled up that hedge in hopes of spotting Jack -below? The smile that played around her mouth was brought there by the recollec tion_of a certain whistle she used to give, attained by great pains and much practice, and gloried in, because, try as he did, stretch ing his mouth, with both his fingers in, as big as a clown's, Jade could produce no sound. George laughed outright ; what a hoyden she had been, more of a boy than Jack him self. Dear old Jack ! she was very glad to have him back again, and then she gave a little shrug, for the conversation they had had came back to her mind, and feeling certain that he meant by going away to bring back a wife, she sighed to think he couldn't live contented without more of womankind — ' but there, we're queer beings aU of us.' Evidently now her thoughts were centred on herself. ' I remember I had quite decided that as soon as I grew up I would marry Jack ; and it never entered into my arrangements to suppose that he would say ' No.' ' While making these reflections she had pulled up before the particular spot. Was the opening still visible 1 Where the leaves grew thick they hid it out of view. From where she sat she thought that she ought to be able to see, and she raised herself, seemed filled with sudden surprise, bettered her position, and then remained transfixed. Surely it was Jack ?— of that there could be no mistake; but the other? ,Was it — yes, certainly it was, that movement ended the doubt — it was the bride, the new Mrs. Blunt. . What were they doing there? — standing, evidently talking to each other so earnestly. Before Georgy had time to imagine any answer to her questions, Jack ? suddenly wheeled round—he was gone ; and Georgy, . not wishing then to meet him, touched up her horse and turned his head towards an opposite read, half way down which she brauched off by a lane that would bring her out -close to the manor gates. She had lightly calculated ; a little ahead she saw Jack walking, and quickening her pace she seemed to accidentally overtake him. ' Well,' she said, '? have you managed your business satisfactorily?' For the instant, had a kingdom depended on it, Jack could not remember what, when he parted with her, he had said he was going to do. ' Oh yes,' he answered confusedly, ' that is, I've changed my plans.' It would never do for him to dine that evening as he had been asked to— at the rectory. He couldn't be himself, and talk of indifferent things to a lot of people. Like many men of the world whose feelings are but seldom roused, whenever they were, his savoir faire seemed completely to desert him. ** I'm very glad to have met you, Georgy,' he began, ' because, if you don't mind, it will save me a walk up to your mother. Would you tell her from me that I shall not be able to dine with you this evening ? I find I must start from here at once by the twenty minutes to seven train ; it won't do for me to stay until to-morrow. Tell her I am awfully sorry, will you ? but that I am really foreed to go.' For once Georgy, generally so ready, could find nothing apropos to answer. ' Certainly I will,' she said curtly ; then after a moment's pause, 'Are you going round to the Lodge ? I'll walk Jacob along side you.' 'Do,' said Jack, inwardly wishing that she and Jacob were at Jericho. ' What has made you so suddenly change 'your mind?' she said, as soon as they were going on together. ' Where have you been since I left you ?' ' Been ! oh to heaps of places, and there are ever so many more where I ought to go,' and then meeting her look of enquiry he con tinued, 'And as to changing my mind, I don't know that my mind is changed ; only I must go, and when you're resolved what is the use of delaying ?' Georgy laughed. 'Positively,' she said, 'one might believe you were tearing yourself away, that you had some motive for going.' ' Motive ! what do you meau by motive 1 What possible motive could there be, except the one that it pleases me ? I .don't under stand you.' ' No 1' and she smiled at him meaningly, 'perhaps we don't.understand eaeh other.' What on earth was the girl driving at ! Surely no nonsense of any kind about him could have entered her -head. 'My dear,' he said gravely, 'agreatmany people often jump at very wrong conclusions concerning each other.' She made a. movement as if surprised at such an assertion. 'Yes, and yourself ,' he went on, 'among the number. Only this morning at the Cross fields, when we were parting, you began throwing out hints about my going away ; asking if it wasn't because I thought of marrying. Well, once for all, I may tell you that nothing is further from my mind ; bat you know I was always very f bud of travelling. I should be cramped to death to settle down here. I like a life of freedom, and freedom and marriage don't agree; besides which, have you forgotten that the Squires of Wad pole have mostly died old bachelors V Georgy assumed an attitude of utter de spair. Bending towards- Jack she held out her hand to him. ' Farewell Jack,' she said, with mecking emotion. ' Good-bye ; to drown, my disap pointment I must set off at ouce in search of the deepest water. Chapter XXV. When Mr. Blunt and Christopher returned late that evening it was to hear from the ser vants that Mrs. Blunt had not felt well, she had gone out into the grounds during the morning, but since her return' she had kept her room. ' Best send for Heywood at once,' said Mr. Blunt fussily. Christopher begged him to wait until he had been up and seen Robin, and a few minutes later he reappeared to sav that she felt better now that she had beenlying down. She complained of headache, but would try and eat some dinner. ' Why, you're looking as white as a ghost,' was Mr. Blunt's salutation, cheerily spoken, as if the sight of her pale face gave him im mense satisfaction. ' You haven't been over-fatiguing yourself now while we've been away, have you? 'cos that'll never do.' , Robin hastened to disown the supposition. ' I only walked a very little way,' she said : 'I didn't go out of the gates at all, so it couldn't be that.' ' I'm very glad you didn't ; you might have chanced on that Chandos, perhaps, swagger ing about.' Jack's manner of ignoring them, and avoiding, as Mr. Blunt thought, an intro duction to Christopher, had rankled with him all day.' 'He's no gentleman that, I say, or when he met us he wouldn't have acted as he did.' ' Very likely he felt a little awkwark,' put in Christopher, 'and the carriage passed so quickly by that there was really no need for his speaking.' 'How d'ye mean? Miss Georgy could speak, why couldn't he? You haven't done nothing to offend him?' Mr. Blunt, not in the best of humors, was glad of something to let off steam about. He had been in a state of ferment all day, for tmder the plea of other business, Christopher had made this the opportunity of asking his father what, now he was married, he thought of doing for him. He considered he ought to have a separate income, and — at best a poor diplomatist — at once discovered his motive by saying he wished it on account of Robin, so that in case anything happened to him she would have an independence settled upon her. 'Independence1, what, you mean some thing independent of me?' asked the wary father. ' Exactly so,' said the simple son. Upon which Mr. Blunt desired that he might be in formed of the exact requirements demanded of him, advising that the sum should be talked over with Robin, and reserving to himself until then to give his answer. All day long the proposition haunted him. Up to this time Christopher had never dropped a hint of needing such an arrange ment. In his own case he had been contented with what his father gaye him and the in terest—about £200 a year — of some house propertv which a distant relation of his mother's had left to him. Could Robin have put him up to make this demand? Seeing it was to be settled on her self Mr. Blunt thought it not unlikely. Several times leading up to the question he had beaten the bush to try and get the truth from Christopher, but Ms son evidently did not understand him, and feeling it would be unwise to ask the direct question Mr. Blunt had been compelled to swallow his curiosity. To a man so dispositioned this acted irri ably on his temper, and he was iu a mood to find fault when the sight of Robin's evident indisposition turned his thoughts to anothor channel; but though for her sake he might spare those present, there was no occasion to hold his tongue about the Squire, and lie continued to rake up the dispute about the thicket, what he had not said to him, aud what he should like to say to bim, until Christopher, noting Robin's face grow paler and that she sat quite silenfc, . said, in hopes of silencing him — 'Oh, welll, never mind now, it won't matter in the least what you think of him or he thinks of you. I saw Cameron in at Top ham's, and he told me that Mr. Chando3 went off by the 6.40 train, he saw him down at the station, he was going to try and get the night train from London. I don't know what night train nor when he was going, but to some place abroad at a long distauce, and how long he may staj^ or when he will return seemed quite uncertain.' . Mr. Blunt said something to express his satisfaction, but what, Christopher did not heed. The alteration in Robin's face had attracted his attention. 'What is the matter, Robin?' He got up and went towards her. 'You're not feeling well; what is it, tell me ?' Seized with a mad desire to push him away, Robin had to make an effort of control. ' I don't know,' and she gave a ghastly smile. ' I felt so much better when I came down. I fTiinV it's the smell of the dinner must have upset me.' ' That's it,' said Mr. Blunt confidentially ; ' ifr oftej^ does- so, my dear, its turned you sick I dare say.' ' Yes,' said Robin, catching at any excuse for going away. 'I shall have to go back to my own room again, only, Christopher, don't you come.' Her voice sounded quite sharply. 'Jennings is up-stairs, she will attend to me.' A little hurt, Christopher lacked the assur ance to follow her, he fancied she spoke as if she did not wish him to come. He went as far as the foot of the stairs, watched that she ran quickly 'up, and then returned to the dinner- table. 'I hope there is nothing the matter with her,' he said anxiously. '?And I hope there is;' said his father pointedly. ' So there'-s the difference between me and you,' and then be. emptied his glass as if drinking a health, smacked his lips, .and had it filled again: ' We'll go to-morrow and get Heywoed to drop in as he's passing here, just make a call ; he needn't to say nothing.' ' Oh no, there'll be no occasion for that.' Christopher spokeliastily, he was frightened to death of what Robin might fed. ' It's not likely to be anything but a. head- ' ache, which I daresay will pass off by the morning : if it should not I'll ask her what she would like me to do.' The presence of the servants restrained Mr. Blunt from indulging in the outbarsfcto which he would have liked to treat his son. Leaning back in his chair he swelled out his portly person and made a continuous chirrup with his lips, as was his wont when imploring a sympathetic providence to grant him patience. All his thoughts, his hopes, his wishes were centered now in the desire that he should speedily see children bom. to Christopher, heirs who would relieve him of that terrible anxiety he always suffered when anything ailed his son. The prospect of a fine sturdy boy to dandle on his knee softened his heart, and he spent the evening in building castles, arranging- his affairs, and drinking a great deal more grog than was good for him, __ Robin during this time was going through all those torments we endure when our doubts and fears are turned to certainties. (2b be continued.) 