THE PEERYBINGLE PAPERS. 1 In the House on Tuesday night, Munro came down upon the Ministry with a terrible j threat. He said as how he'd trot out a vrant of confidence motion that ud play Old Harry with 'em in no time. And O Logmen smnea in a pieasanc kuu ui satirical way, and said, "Try it on." Sir Bryan knows his way about. It's my opinion that the virtuous legislators who are howling about the bribery of the Bailway Bill will just lick the Ministry's shoes until the bribes are paid. O'Loghlen knows this. He knows that the bill has got to get through the Counoil, and come back, and until then there's no fear of a want of confidence vote. Afterwards— well, the Ministry are putting Aii of Aav nf reckoning as far aWav as nossible. For the present, Sir Bryan is master of the j situation, and knows it. At least, that's my 1 humble opinion on the matter. 1 There was an old doctor to our lodge that | ased to come to my house every other yeat 1 for the purpose of assisting in making my mother-in-law a grandmother. Well, this doctor used often to tell me about the won derful strides that medical science was a-making every day. He told me once that doctors were able to grow a new nose on a man's face, and that it had actually been done in the Melbourne Hospital. Now, this is just the operation that I want to see 1 performed upon the Inspector of Nuisances for Melbourne. I want a new nose grown on him — not a nose for ornament, but a beak with smell in it. His office is at the Town- halli and a stench that would sober a drunken man quieker'n a galvanic shock meanders down one side of the building, and another little stream meanders down Little Collins street, j but the noseless inspector knows it not. He j was behind the door when noses were given I out, and the olfactory business isn't in his I line. The stinking gutters flow round him | at all hours of the day, but he smells them not. I should suggest that they call for J tenders at once for the snpply of one good I nose for that inspector, the highest Roman or snubbiest pug not necessarily accepted. One thing is certain, as a super at the Boyal 1 that I was yarning with about the matter said to me, that inspector is regular flesh and blood, and no ghost, 'cos, according to I Mr. Shakspere, the ghost says, ' Methinks 1 scent the morning air." And that's about the last thing the Inspector of Nuisances appears able to do. I've always been a great admirer of Jack Gardiner for this reason ; that I like a man who stands a head and shoulders over the rest of his fellow- creatures — if it's only in the 1- 99 KT 1. T T_ W8y Ul QUWCB AHUWJ buali o WJictc vcawlk I shines. He came out strong at the Trades'- 1 hall dinner last- Saturday, and Jack says, j says he, " I do not think it would be easy to | get eighty-six better members of Parliament I than the present Legislative Assembly." j Jack doesn't mince matters, but modestly speaks out what he means. The one little drawback to this valuable expression of J opinion is that it's difficult to get the country 1 to coincide. I know.of one constituency that j used to be jolly easily pleased, but that I j fancy will find it easy to get a better represen- 1 tative than its present one in Parliament. \ That district is not a hundred miles away from the cemetery, and it's bounded on the Dtrth by quarryholes. Up Inglewood and Sandhurst and Kerang way they like to do the thing proper. Bent may do 'em out of their railway, but, thank goodness, he can't take away from 'em the size of their hailstones and tbe imaginative power of their reporters ! Daring the recent weather I see it stated in the papers that hailstones as large as hen- eggs fell through out the district, some of them cutting right through a corrugated iron roof. /When VnilVfi ffillinrr o Kb 4a11 e 'tin T itneca r v NWAUAIg AAC| VVU SB gVVM UU« B gUOQD I that tbe people who saw those hailstones as big as hen -eggs must have got hold of a pair of magnifying glasses instead of spectacles when they looked out at the hailstorm. ! Next time these hailstorms come down as big I as ben-eggs up there, I want to hear the j story a little bit improved in the way of pro. bability. I should suggest that some of 'them pet sot upon in mistake by a Sandhurst broody hen, with the result that there's a quantity of " cold chicken" hatched ' out before the hen discovers her chilly mistake. The larrikins are a-falling upon evil timerf; I read in last Tuesday's Daily Telegraph of one youth being fined three notes at Pr&hran; ior jostling people in the street ; two more for assaulting and robbing an old man were i committed for trial by the City Bench ; and the same page of the paper I see that a man named Sullivan, for smashing a bobby, I was fined four sovereigns, or seven, weeks' I imprisonment. The D.T. report says that I Sullivan appeared much surprised at the sentence. Ijffionld think he was. I j expect he thought to get off with a caution, and have ten shillings given to him out of 1 the poor-box. It's a good sign to find tbe j magistrates all round becoming severe, and i if there was only .a way of giving a taste of 1 the cat instead of prison, the paperB wouldn't have much .news in the way of " assaults by 1 larrikins." 1 I don't pretend to be much of a surgeon' 1 and know where all the anatomy of a man is | situated, but I suppose all those chaps who J I write for the papers and know all the j | symptoms of erysipelas and Youlism and j I small-pox are well up in the various joints. I j There was a dog-feeding case - on at Fitzroy I j the other .day, and this is the way an evening I paper reported it : — " At the Fitzroy Court 1 this morning, a man named Daniel Murphy I summoned William Newbound for being the j owner of a dog whichhad attacked him in a j j public place." Now whether a man's face j or the different-coloured patch on his pants j that he sits down on is the public place is 1 what puzzles me. j Hospital Sunday doesn't pan out so bad, j | but I think there's a way of improving it. It's held a fortnight too soon, and just at a j time when people run every spare crown I they've got into a sweep or a totalisator. J They ought to postpone the collection until "1 the week.after the Cup is run, and then the | lucky ones would stump up decently for 1 " good luck next time" out of their winnings. I Somebody must win, yon know, -and as for I i losers — well, you may be sure that none of j | 'em robs themselves out of sweep-money J beforehand, so that they'd give as much j afterwards as before. I pass this idea on to j the committee as a valuable contribution to j tbe fund. V I | I see that a couple more young newspaper j kids were brought up the other day for play- | Ing " pitch fcnd toss." How the bobby's ' j buzzpm must swell with pride as he " runs j in" three-feet nothing of dirt and old elethes j in one hand and the confiscated coppers in j the other. It's a good thing to stop all kinds of gambling amongst these desperate pitch- j and-tossers, and it's very consoling to know I that we have suoh an energetic lot of bobbies to arrest these desperadoes. 'And there are no monster sweeps on the Cup this year, and no regular shaking for shillings in public- houses in Bourke Btreet of a night, nor heavy gambling at tbe clubs. Of course not, 'cos if there was, the bobbies would "run in" other8 ! as well as the barefooted little pitch-and- toss ragamuffins. A carrier doesn't do much travelling by rail, I considering he's got a horse and cart to bring him to town. Consequently I don't often I trouble Mr. Bent's department much, except at holiday times, when I go to Brighton, and 1 then I go into prize-fighter's training for a j week beforehand to'get my muscles in order j so's to be able to fight my way through to the j train. Dot comes into tpwn sometimes, and J of course she travels first-class — when she can j get in — on a first-class ticket. She came in trie otner morning ana got into a first-class carriage ; so did a rough- looking customer with two saws under his arm, and another with a basket of tools over his shoulder. " I say, Bill," says the two saws, " this Bent's barrier-system Is just the thing for us. No porters coming to ask to see your tickets and turn you out. I've got a second-classer.' " Bight you are ; so have I," said the basket of tools. When Dot told me this little incident, which is a poz. fact, she said : "John, I've read a lot about Mr. Bent and the way he flares up in Parliament and about his having commercial principles that must be what that old chap that they took away from next door had. The doctor said it was deetees, but I suppose the other's the common name for them. The symptoms I was just the same— half the time be was j getting mad with everybody, and the other half he was smashing things, and didn't 1 know what he was doing. I do hope you'll never eatch ' commercial principles,' John," I I hope so, too, for I shouldn't like to make j an outanout fool of myself. JOHN PEERYBINGLE. On Tuesday night, about 12 o'clock. Mr«< Hornby, tfie attorney, applied to his Honour the Chief Justice, at his residence at Kew,$or a writ of capias for the arrest of Mr. Fred. Marshall, the wel|-known comedian, who has just concluded a sfeason at tbeBijou Theatre. The writ was asked for on behalf - of the plaintiff (Miss Emma Fischer, the actress, in an action for breach of agreement. It was stated in the affidavit that the defendant had engaged the plaintiff for six months, but that she received notice <>n the 10th inst. that after the 20th her services would not be re quired. The plaintiff accordingly brought an action for £84 damages. It was stated that the I action would be defeated by tbe impending | departure of tbe defendant from the jurisdic tion, and his Honour granted the writ. Mr. Hornby's representative and the sheriff's officer then proceeded to e(feot service, and, taking a boat from /Sandridge, sailed down the Bay for some miles. They then boarded the Liguria, in whicti vessel it was understood Mr- Marshall had/ taken , his pagB≥ . for England. Mr. Marshall, however, was not on board the vessel, and it was ascertained that he had started on Saturday en route for ' Adelaide, overlaizidf; ; k. 