LA^COUBES SUPREME cdUBTIW BANCO [Before the Chief Justice; Me. Jastioe Boo* cant, and Mr. Justice Andrews}: IN THE MATTE3B. OF A2T ATTORNEY. The Attorney-General moved on behalf of the Law Society for a rule calling on a prac titioner to answer affidavits, or in default to fee dealt with as the court might direct. After bearing the circumstances the court granted a rule nisi as prayed. 'WOOD V. THE NAUGKAL MUTUAl 1XFB ASSO CIATION OF AUSTRALASIA (LOOTED). This was a motion for a rale nisi for a new trial or for a verdict to be entered for the defendant. Mr. W. H. Bundey, Q.O., \- ^with Mr. J. H. Symon, Q.G., for the appellants; the Attorney- General, with Mr. H. i?. Downer, for the respondent. An action was tried before Mr. Justice Andrews and a jury between Mr. Wood, the curator of intestate estates and the National Mtttnal Iiife Association,' in which the plaintiff claimed the amount of a policy on the life of one Ernest Neville, who committed suicide at Gawler under circumstances of a somewhat extraordinary character. Two thirds of the jury found a verdict. for the plaintiff for the amount claimed, it being held toy tii em that the deceased was Insane when lie committed suicide, and the present appeal was brought on the ground that the verdict of the jury was contrary to the evidence in which it was now contended no proof of the deceased's insanity was produced. The evi dence as to the deceased's state of mind at the time of -his death was elaborately gone intoby the Attornev-Genersi, and the questions as to ?whether a belief in spiritualism was proof of an unhinged mind, and as to whether a person suffering under delusions could be held to be irresponsibe for his .actions were argued at 'considerable length by the Messrs. Downer and by Mr. Bundey on either side. The arguments lasted several hours. The Chief Justice ultimately gave judgment as follows : — With respect to the application for a new trial, after hearing the evidenes read the-Court were unanimously of opinion that there must be a new trial, and the only question then was whether there should be a new trial ox whether a verdict should be entered for the defendant. Where a legal right existed to have the question at issue tried l-y a jury and a plaintiff had availed himself of that right and obtained a verdict he for one should be most cautious in upsetting that verdict where reasonable evidence had been adduced in support -of it, however much he .might differ from the opinion arrived at in the court below. If there were such reason able evidence in Die present case, he would certainly not t-e one to enter a verdict for the defendant. He referred to the evidence that had been given, and reviewed its principal features. It was hardly a sign of insanity that the deceased had told his friend that certain drawings had been excuted by him ?with the assistance of extrinsic or spiritual power. A delusion such as that was ' hardly indicative of insanity, and the fact that he fancied he had seen some disembodied spirit about eight years ago in Melbourne was not evidence of insanity. . That was all the evidence given to the jury with respect to the insanity of the deceased. It' appeared to him that the fact of his having taken hit own life was in itself no evidence of insanity. Then as to the belief in spiritualism tiiere were many people of undoubted sanity who shared the deceased's opinion on that point, and the circumstance of deceased being a spiritualist or holding certain views as to spiritualism was hot sufficient evidence for a jury to find him insane. As to his statement that he had seen a ghost or spirit some years 'previously in Melbourne, that was not alone sufficient to justify a jury in concluding that he was insane. When these few facts that had been set np in favor of insanity were placed in juxtaposition to the evidence of sanity, given by people 'who knew him inti mately, and when the carefully written cor respondence that had been put in were coupled with the circumstances of design, turner which he took his life, it .appeared to him that had he been trying the case in the ..court below he should, had he been appealed to, havetftreetedihe jury to find a verdict for the defendant on the ground that there was no evidence of insanity, bat under similar ?circumstances as those in the late case when his learned «-lleague Mr. Justice Andrews had not been appealed to be shouldhavedone as his learned colleague did, and simply have directed the jury that there was not sufficient . evidence to justify their finding that the' deceased was insane when he committed suicide. -The case had already been exhaus tively gone into, and lie thought that the court was amply justified in preventing any further litigation by at once entering a ver dict for the defendant. : Mr. Justice Boucaut, in concurring with the judgment of his colleague, carefully tra versed the evidence as to the deceased's hallucinations, and pointed ont the distinction Toetween a person suffering from a delusion and a person laboring ttaderinsanity. In his opinion there had never been any upsetting of his mental balance, and Seville was never incapacitated frcm judging right from wrong. Mr. Justice Andrews also concurred, and pointed out that in trying the case in toe -court below he had put the fact forcibly in . bis summing up to the jury that there was n o evidence as to the deceased's insanity, though - there was* evidence as to his believing in spiritualism. STOCK V. STOCK. Mr. Moore moved that a decree nisi for dissolution of marriage obtained onNovembtr 30, 1881, should tie aide absolute. Decree granted. CORNELIUS JJSDAKOTHERT. COOPER— BOWEJf CLAQtAST. This was an appeal from the Local Court,' Mount Barker. Mr, von Doussa appeared for the execution creditor, and the Attorney General for the elaimant. 'A. special case bad been reserved by the Local Court of Mount Barker for the decision of the Supreme Court, pursuant to the provisions of the jLiuiau unuui jiULj no. -13 01 OjOOJ., sec. ou. as ?was contended for the execution, 'creditor that such 'notice of the claimant was insuffi cient, as it did nob state the grounds of claim. For the claimant it was contended that the notice of claim was sufficient. The court below found for the claimant, subject to the opinion of this court on the following point— whether the ground of claim as set out was a sufficient compliance with section 146 of the Local Courts Act, After hearing counsel the Chief Justice said -the question must be answered in the affirmative, as the statement that the goods were lent by the claimant to the defendant on hire under agreement Jras a sufficient statement of the ground t-f 'claim. -Costs were allowed, and fixed at £7 7s. - — 