SPORTING NOTES. (PsoASirsin The Wish.) The programme for tho Q T.O. moeting on tho 26tli August is so very nearly in accordance with that advocated by mo in theso columns, that I cannot but givo it my unqualified sup port. The couimittce havo besides boon any thing but niggardly in tho amount of added money, no less than £300 boing proposod, r ? :j ? „„,1 wincu is, -l uuijaiuci, ''J ' racing. About tho only difference between tno programme proposed by myself and that by the committee is, that instead of a Maiden Plato they havo inserted a Consolation Stakes. As a Forced Handicap also appears in the list, I can hardly seethe necessity of tho Consolation ; and I notice that tho Q.T.O. invariably omit a Maiden Plato from their list. I think it is a race that might well be tried, as it would pr -bably be the moms of introducing sotue froali aspirants for turf honours, who would not venture to contend against woll-known per formers in the principal handicaps. In tho event of bucIi a race not filling satisfactorily, tlio Consolation or somo other handicap might be substituted for it. Tho Corinthian, of 50 sovs., hus, I am glad to see, the condition appended to it of ' gen tlemen riders to be approved of by tho stewards,' aud I hopo to see the committee go still further, and after providing for the riders not to forget the class of horses that Bhould compete for such a prize as this. If horses, such as Mr. Finnic b Eclipse, Mr. Mooney's Bioter (I name theso bccause these wero tho winners of tho Corinthian at the last two meet ings), are allowed to compete, tho interest in tho race will bo far short of what L should like to see, and besides, I contend that a Corinthian is not a race for first-class horses such as these, hut ought to be if possible reserved for gentlemen riders riding their own horses, so as to encourago the pro duction of well-bred weight carriers and lead to their improvement. 1 therefore shall hopo tn bar n. fnrt- lini- nnnrtitinn inserted, viz. : For all horses that have never won an advertised prize, or that have not won a prize of more than a certain amount, say, 30 sovs. I should also bo glad it the committee could see their way clear to make a trial of small payments, at least, for some of tho minor events, that is to say, £1 on entrance, and £1 on acceptance, for - 1 am certain that the ulti mate result will be far larger fields of horses competing. It must be remembered that largo fields mean a greater number of spectators, and consequently more business at the totalisa tor, so that any apparent loss in one respect will be more than counter-balanced by tho in creased receipts from the sources I have named. Not having tho honour of being the profes sional adviser of tho Q.T.O. Committee, it may, porluips, be thought ultra vires on my part to make these suggestions, but as I can speak from experience, I trust that my interost in racing matters may be considered sufficient ex cuse, and the desire to see the turf prosper and progress in tliiB part of the colony, -will always with mo outweigh every other consideration. By the time these notes are in print the Bockhampton meeting will have become a thing of the past, and it is unfortunate thot owing to the days fixed for the acceptances, and also for the racing, that I am thereby unable to comment on them as I should have liked. The Maryborough annual meeting takes place on the 20th and 21st, and tho entries, which are very satisfactory, came to hand on Monday last. Many of the Bockhampton performers will be present, and will fight their battle over again on the banks of tho Mary. In fact, with a few exceptions, all tho names are those of performers at the last Q.T.C. meeting. With regard to the weights for the important ' Southern ' Handicaps, it is curious to remark the difference between Mr. Barnard and Mr. »?/, V,n t.lia mnef. ''rr*™ experienced and trustworthy handicappers in Australia. Mr. Barnard commences tho weights for the Melbourne Cup much higher than does Mr. Scarr in the Metropolitan, and I cannot do better than quote the words of 'Caspian,' of the Town and Country, who states that 11 another feature in tho Cup handicap is that the postage stamp division (I allude to those weighted at 5 st. 7 lbs.) havo been ignored, and 6 st. is the lowest weight allotted to any horso in the Cup. I never knew or heard of a good race run in the colonies being won by a horse carrying 5 st. 7 lbs , and furthermore it has a tendency to rear a class of Liliputian riders that are of no service, and exclude from the ranks of sportsmen a better class of riders — those who possess coolness and pre sence of mind when in an exciting finish. With the exception of Amendment, when ho carried 5 st. 8 lbs. in the Metropolitan of 1877, and Banker in 1863, when he won the Melbourne Cup as a three-year-old with 5 Bt. 4 lbs., and then only from seven atarters, we never had a horse win a good race under 6 st. Tho sooner the A. J. O. executive pay Bomo attention to this matter tho better will be the results to the turf generally, for then wo might cultivate a moro desirable and trustworthy class of jockeys for our future handicaps. As tho case now stands with a jockey over 8 st., unless he is a murvel of wonderment in the pigskin, he has, perforce, to fay and obtain a few horses to train, or, failing that, to take to somo more precarious mode of seeking a livelihood. If theso handicaps generally were started on a higher scale, and the minimum not lower than 6 St., this state of affairs would be done away with to a great extent, and so many races would not be lost on tho post through the inability of a light weight to finish home.' Theso romarke, which are intended for the A.J.C., will apply' with still greater foico to the Q.T.O., whose handicapping can sel dom be characterised as satisfactory. Handi cappors, as a rule, appear to be afraid of com mencing with a high standard, which is the reason that all the handicappers, with hardly an exception, are found to treat the inferior horses unfairly, and leave them barely the ghost of a chance of winning. That this is the case, cannot bo denied by anyone at all con versant with theso matters ; but why it is, I am at a loss to discover. One of the greatest living authorities in racing matters — William Day, in his book, 'Tho Kacohorsein Training'. — argues strongly in favour of no handicap being lower than 7 st., and adduces many argu ments in favour of such a course. He states that' a 7-st. minimum would put the good three-year-olds over two miles and a quarter in the autumn at 9 st. 10 lbs., and the old horses at 11 Bt. — a difference of 2 st. 10 lbs. between the best and worst of the three-year-olds, and of 4 Bt. between the highest and lowest of all ages —a difference much tho same as that now existing, and that in his opinion a horso that cannot win under such weights is not good enough to keop in training. The Hon. J. White, who is now in England, has purchased, for 700 guineas, La Princesso, by Cathedral from Princess of Wales (dam of the Derby -winners George Frederick and Albert Victor) by Stockwell out of tho Bloomer, by Molbourno from Lady Sarah. Cathedral is by NewminBter from Stolon Moments by Mel bourne from Lady Elizabeth. La Princesso is a ohesnut filly, two years old, and has very valuable engagements. -fiWn -nwli'nli filfla T om gnrrv tn tl„.f thecelebratad Biro Adventurer, byNewminster, has died suddenly. He was ono of the most fashionable and successful sires in tho old country. Among many winners he producod tho littlo wondor Wlieol of Fortune, the property o£ Lord Falmouth. Her victory in the Prince of Wales Stakes at Ascot was a sight well worth scoing. Tho distance was ono mile five furlongs, and, though tho ground was very hoavy, sho carriod 9 St., and won easily ; while the French horse Bayon D'or with 8 st 13 lbB., could only obtain tho barren honours of a third plaoo. There is now at Mr. Mlonnan's stabloB ono of tho most highly-brod youngsters that over C-Uno to Queensland, viz., a two-year-old colt by King of tho liing out of Biclimond-Bello (by Maribyrnong — Tho Fawn), tho dam of Bich inond, Boswortli, Palmyra, ond Segenhoo. Ho is a nice compact bay, with black points, but is rather on tho small sido, and has unfortunately at somo timo or other mot with an accident to his noar fore leg, which must incapacitate him from appearing on tho turf-gCHia breeding, howover,is so exceptionally good, and hia dam's family so renowned for thoir raoing qualities, that ho ought to bo eagorly sought after as a sire. His ownor is, I understand, Mr. Beard moro, of Cooktown. I noto that Mr. Clibborn has for privato solo tho following well- known stallions, viz Haw tliorndcn (St. Lcger winner) by Lord Olifden by Nowminster out of Bonny Blink by tho Flying Dutchman. Tho Friar, by Maribyrnong — Juliot, and Loup Garou, winner of A.J.O. Dorby in 1872. Tho following is tho latest betting : — Hawiksbdbt Gkahd Hamdicaf.— 100 to 6, Kings worth ; 100 to 5, Batliurat, Stella or Sardonyx. ! Y.R C. Dbrbt.— 3 to 1, Sogenhoe ; 3 to ), Navigsi- - tor ; -4 to 1, Golden Butterfly or Promotbeui. UiLiovrnvi Cir.—lOO to 4, GndUra ; 100 to I, Her©- ; ford Bay, Tho Gem, Street William, Paul, and others. Sardoayx tuid Butlid, 8 it. S lfci. h, bare bee* orotchod. ? | 