INTERCOLONIAL ITEMS. The following items have relation to the Presbyterian Churches in New Zealand:—Thirty-eight members have been added to Mornington (Rev. Mr. Michie) Church, Danedin. The S. scholars had increased from 166 to 303.—Waikaia and Riversdale charge is prepared (to give a call.—Eev A. C. Gillies was inducted at N. Dunedin, on the 4th instant, by Bevs. Dr. Stuart Ross, and Watt. At the tea meeting ROT. Mr. ROBS was presented with £25 in recognition of his services as Moderator of Session during the vacancy. The church has J233 members, and 155 average attendance at S. school. To the First Chnrch (Rev. L. Mackie), 78 members were added last year. The number communicating had been larger. There are four prayer meetings, two S. schools, and Bible-class with 100 members—the Band of Hope has over 100. The Ladies' Association ihad done good work for missions and for the poor. The Sustentation Fond had been better supported, but there *was a debt in several directions. The anniversary of the Grey-street Congregational Church, South Brisbane, was celebrated on the 23rd and 26th ult. The school report showed a slight increase of scholars, and a credit balance of £19. The income of the church from weekly voluntary offerings amounted to .£411 Is. 6d. Expenditure by stipend, Sc., £412 12a. 5d. The total amount raised during the year was a little over JZ7Q0. The Primitive Methodists have established a new cause at Redland Bay, Queensland, which promises to be a •very successful one. The Baptists of Ferndale, Queensland, have lately held \- two love-feasts—the first on faster Sunday evening, and continued until Monday morning, when 200 were present, and many professed conversion. A meeting of a similar character has been subsequently held, at which ten persons were professedly converted. At the annual meeting of the Hamilton Presbyterian Church, held on May 1st, the report showed the ordinary dncome of the churcn to have been £744 12s., including ing £19 los. remitted by the Sunday-Hchool for heathen missions. The debt has been reduced £135, while £120 have been devoted to charitable and missionary objects outside the congregation. The Baptists of Canterbury, N.Z., have held a bazaar on behalf of the building fund of the new church, Oxfordterrace, which realised £300. The opening of a new Lutheran Church took place in 'North Brisbane, April 30th. At 10.45 the pastor of the church, the Rev. F. Schirmeister, attended by five •ministers of the Lutheran denomination, opened the door in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. Standing in the doorway he then read the 122nd Psalm, and proceeding towards the altar he spoke the words of the 24th Psalm. In the course of an .address which followed, the Eev. Mr. Schirmeister said "that he formally consecrated the church for the use of the Lutheran congregation for ever, and named it St. Andrew's Church." The usual morning service followed, the Rev. E. Heiner preaching from John xvi. 16—23. In the afternoon and evening sermons were preached both in the English and German languages. The new church will seat 350 persons, and has cost JEOOO. The collection taken on the opening Sabbath amounted to .£33. The Rev. C. G. Barlow, of Mackay, having been appointed private secretary to the Bishop of Northern Queensland, a large congregation gathered in Holy Trinity Church on the Sabbath evening of the 16th ult. to hear his farewell sermon, and at the conclusion of the service the members of the church presented the rev. gentleman with an address and a purse of £45. The evangelistic services held in the Brisbane Theatre on Sunday evenings are to be continued throughout the -winter. The twenty- fourth session of the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church, in Queensland, was opened on Monday evening, the 1st, in Creek-street Church, ithe Rev. J. E. McSwaine being re-elected Moderator. The Old English Fayre, lately held in connection with the Episcopal Churches in Sydney, came in for a large share of adverse criticism at tae Church of England Synod in that city. In the last issue of the Sydney University Rrnew, Dr. Badham ga--e expression to his estimate of colonial intelligence in the following terms :—He said that (1) " We had an enormous amount of wealth in the hands of men utterly illiterate ; (2) the learned professions, including the church, with very little learning to divide amongst them ; (3) the mercantile classes of all grades very much below their congeners in Western Europe in literary and •intellectual tastes." On Tuesday, May 9th, Dr. Kelyiack in the Protestant Hall, Sydney, gave a lecture on " Wesleyan Missions in the South Seas, and their claims," the object being to give van impetus to missions in Australasia. A sum of Jt&fl; 16s. Id. has been realised. A bazaar, under the_ auspices of the Ladies' Association in connection with St. Andrew's Presbyterian Church, Parramatta, was held in the new Sunday-school Hall on the 26th ult., the proceeds of which, amounting to about J540 are to be devoted to the purchase of books to be added to the Sunday-school library. Pastor" C. M. Cherbury, of the Saokville-street Tabernacle, Collingwood, Victoria, has been ordered to take a period of entire rest.. He is about to proceed to Europe, and his work during his absence will be carried on by the Bev. J. A. Bowie. The tabernacle seats 1,500 persons, and has a membership of 200, with a Sunday-school' of Aover 600 scholars ; and there are, in connection with it, many organizations for Christian work, including a Home •of Hope for Destitute children. A subscription is being .raised to pay Mr. Cherbury's expenses. The Bev. J. A. Dowie, writing from Melbourne, says: —The Lord gave us a great victory through " Spiritualism Unmasked." It has led (1) to the virtual break up, pro tern, of the operations in lectures, &c.;, of the Victorian Association of Spiritualists; (2.) To the resignation of Mr. Walker as their lecturer; (3.) To the alarming of the consciences of many Spiritualists; and <4s) To the awakening of a slumbering Church in some email degree to the perils and pollutions of that horrid -system. JWalker has now hoisted the black flag of utter atheism. There are some lively times just ahead of us .in this city- May the Lord grant us a wide-spread revival. 