THE VICTORIAN REVIEW. This periodical for January contains a dozen contributions, of which the opening one is devoted by Miss Godkin to the continuation and conclusion of her paper on "Italian Biography," being a review of the lifo of the late General Alfonso La Marmora. Miss Godkin shows'thit La Marmora played an important part in the unification of Italy, not only as a soldier but as a wise and trasted minister, as well as a cautious diplomatist,.in whose judgment both Victor, Emanuel and Cavour hlad great confidence. The strange contrasts in La Marmo'a's charaoter,'in flexible adherence to what he considered right and his sternness as a disciplinarian, with Isis personal tenderness and almost feminine craving for sympathy, display a rather singular combination' isnone who occpied such an influential public posi tion. He once, when accused, defended himself in Parliament by saying, " I have no mania to pass down to posterity as a great statesmian, or a' groat soldier, or dip lomatist, but I .wish to live 'and die as anse honest' citizen ansd ' soldier without a'.stain." That he did so, is amply proved by Miss Godkis's review of his life.-hMi 'Wllialison,' of. Chicago, after a 1200 milesrdilhvay.trip'ine the "far west,". gives its his impressions on " pro duce and cattle farming in the United States." He describes among other places, -the IMissouri valley, " which for 300 miles north of Kansas city (ranginig from 15 to 40 miles in breadth),. is ordi narily one continuous corn-fiold,"and says that he saw thousands of acres of corn stalks, without any ears, 'in Illinois, Missouri, and Ioiwa, and he comesto the conclusion, after careful inquiry ,and visiting a large area of the prairie regions and river bottoms, that..the bread.stuff supplies of the United States will be considerably smaller for the current year than itbwas last year. .Mr.-Williamson quotes authorities to show that the wheat crop will be 10,000,000 bushels less than in 1880, while the corn (that =is, maize) crop, is 'one-third less than it was in the previous year. Mr D. B. W\V. Sladen's translation inito English verse of a -Scandinavian poem, " A Saga of Frithjof and Ingebjorg," runs smoothly, and gives an.insight into the manners and customns of the North men, and, of the warlike spirit of the Vikings, against" whose prowess, whether on land or on sea, no" thenl 'existing western power against whol they essayed their strength, could stand. There: were brave men before Agamemnon, just ni theroe have been fair women before our day, as witness the description of the heroine, Ingobjorg, which'also illustrates the style of Mr Sladen's versification : -"A growing, glowiang sunset lit Witha shimmer soft sed red -: : The gold perfection of her head; Her fair face stood out very fair; Her eyes were lovely with a tear, Her sweet mouth trembling with a sob, Her white breast swelling with a tlirob; All part in sorrow, part in hope. \--IMr H. Vero White contributes an article: on " the present 'position of Liberal (Anglican) churchmen." In it he gives 'his opinibn as 'to the. teachings, practices, and position of the Evan golical, IRitualist; and Broad sections into which the English Clhurch is marshalled. 'He says that each of them is gradually losing its more distinctive character, and that the first named, as 'it existed in thie days of Simeon; has virtuaidly ceased to' exist. Mr White's leanings areo evidotitly inclined,to the Broad -. Church, party, though he is' not by al?y means a blind follower of it. He' thinks- that- there are signs of a now party, the Liberl; 'lwhich will comnbine the better and eliminate the more objectionable featutres of all exist ing church parties. It will be composed of " school of thought, whichl is not afraid of either aide of man's nature, but appeals to his emotiens as well as to the intellect, which thus attracts the sytepa. thies of men most widely separated from one another; and , which, 'too, hlas secured for itself thile allegiance of many of theofirstthinkersof the day." Somayitbo. -",The Spithead .Review of 1800,' a conmmunicationsby Mr' Colonman Phillips, of- No? Zealand, is .somewhat, on the model of thle " battle of Dorkinrg," but with a'more hldpoefulview of the future 'and' of' the ability.; of: Great Britain to maintain her position as a great power. The review professes tobeh iheld after p war in' which' 'England, ".Austria, and Holland, contend wit Germany, Russia,' and Italy ; France having,"remained neutral. Holland and Belgium have to be sacrifced as England and ,her allies could not cope with the gigahtic armies of Europe inland., In addition to .her. small army, Great Britain laboured 'unde' the disadvantage, of having -her navy scattered over the world to protect her dependencies, and shlemight lhave been invaded but.for thie help given her by thli Dutch fleet until the victories of her shipsg in the Mediterranean left "ome . of, them free to return to guard leer'. shores, Mr Phillips 'narrates that Friance, tempted by Russian intriguers,: was about to join ' thie enemies' of England when thes Senate of the United States, then in session assembled, unanimously passed a resolution " that if France cast in her lot against England the'United States Government would have -to oon sider the position," .. .. " The passingi ofthat resolution cost tihe' United States nothing, but it preserved : 'French 'neutrality'-Mr Arvid Filson,,f Sy'dney, 'contributes a paper on " The Sublime'," which is now eapretty well worn hubject of discuosion and illustration sinest thbe days of Longicus. - As Mr Nilson says,' " The' world of sublimity is of taast dimensions, extending from the simphiy beautiful to thie terrible, and is itseilf the resultant of a combination of thoseo factors." Accepting thi s as sumiciently descriptive aned inclusive, we need' not refer to it at further lengthl. " low to pirevent lfydrophobia," fromn whichewo in Australasia l:have been fortunately hlitlerto free, is a short papler by " Sanitas," who suiggests that to preservc e the existing im enunity vlwhich the greator mneans of inter. coehmenicationby steamers lhas imperilled, we should legislate about dogs, just as is done to .prevent the introdluction of animals affected by scab, or ivithl foot-and mouths diseaae.--"Field Marshalil Lord Clydeu," by G. C. Craig, of QueoenslHland, is the first part of a review of Lieutleneut General Shadwell's " Life of Colin Camp. bell, Lord Clyde," to whicli Mr Craig adds, or is to add personal recollections and private memoranda. We do not know how far Mr Craig is able to throw much V more light on the life of Lord Clyde; seo- p ing that he himself acknowledges that his r, biographer, General Shadwoll, was an old a aide-de-camp of "tihe old hero," anti "an officer who knew him well," still if moreo information can be gloaned as to tile career t' of one who certainly deserved well I of his country, then by all meoans let Mr Craig, or any one else who v can do so, help in the work. It P seems to us that had he time to spare to devote to tile compilation of a life of Lord If Clyde none could do it better than Sir g Archibald Allison, Bart, son of the his. - trian of Europe, and who himself is not I only an accomplished scholar, but was C also Military Secretary to Lord Clydoe, and has soon varied military service. As I showing the slow promotion which came C to those who, under the old army regula- ( tions, had neither money nor political t inflluence,'it took Lord Clyde 4it yearn to 7 raise his captaincy' to the rank of Major General in the Army List. No doubt 1 Lord Clyde was a good soldier, biu itt is( hardly fair to insinuate that it was he I alone who saved the British force "and I skilfnlly retrieved the glory of the day " at Chillianwallah, for no matter what was t done on' that occasion it was proved by his after victories, and an inquiry into I the circumstances attending the battle of t Chillianwallah that Lord Gough's " nearly I lost battle" was but a feint to draw the a Sikhs from a strong position to a b.ittle field where he could and did signally 1 defeat them. and crush them as a I "sovereign power in the Punjaub." The apparent wish of Mr Craig to discredit t Lord Gough's position is in striking con- r trast to Lord Gough's ready acknowledg ment of his (Lord Clyde's) services on c that occasion when lihe said of him, in the despatch, that he displayed " that steady coolness and military precision for which t lie was remarkable."-" Phasmata and a Luminous appearances," contributed by "A.t. Y.," travels from the Chaldeans to i our own days, over the records of ghost land kindred subjocts, and concludes by c recommending it to be " wiser 'and more philosophical to throw the light of science t and of reason upon them than to sconffand ridicule what we cannot or will not under stand."-" The Gold Famino," by T. P. Pearce, treats on a subject in which Tas- 1 nmaiia, as a gold-producing country, is r concerned, and we purpose dealing with I it' more' fully than we can do at present at an early opportunity.- Mr C. Hamilton Bromby!s review of "Laves's History of Philosophy," is a metaphysical discussion of. the .doctrines I of the Epicureans and Stoics, with theo logical interjections, in which Galvanism 1 comes in for some depreciatory remarks. Here and there are given highly instruc tive quotations from certain of the old Greek philosophers. They are too lengthy for instruction here, but a fiew of them may be given from. time to time as our ,space warrants.--The BReview con cludes with notices of contemporary thought, as given'in tile Nin?eteenth Century, Ecraser's, and 'The 'Cornhill Atlantic Molifhl;y,' and 'thle , Scntifi American magazines. This is an interesting and instructive department of the' Melbourn'e. Review, as it enables those who are pro chided from procuring these periodicals for , themselves to ascertain what is thoilght and 'done in other lands. A Vlcrear ow, BAItnARIsux.-The man, James A.' M'Farlano alias M'Cormuck, whom we mentioned -as having been des. patched on the tramp 'of 120 miles from Hobart to Launceston, on, a cliargeo of uttering a forged cheque, arrived in Laun ceston at 8"10 p.m., yesterday, having thus boon five days on the journey, though lie was brought in from Ross by the Main Line traii,,or the five days would have boon extended to seven. We are glad to a learn that the Government have at length decided to abolish this relic of barbarism Sin the escort of prisoiners, andi have arranged ;with the Main Line Railway Company to attach a truck on the goods traini between Hobart and Launceston a for the escort of prisoners, the truck s coming up ont day and returning the r next. By it prisonera can be forwarded a from intermodiato stations as well as Sfrom either terminus, and instructions to that effect have been issued to the In spector of Police. Salt J. H. LEiFROY's PItIZES.-TiTo prizes given by Lieut.-Goenerl Sir Henry Lefroy, K.C,I.G., and C.B., to, which reference has lately bees, 'madeo in our coluins, a']v be enrecar ived by the Com mandant, aid se i.de iaifoiamed tllit tlihey are well aworthy of keen colupetition., Tlio timepiece for '.Atillery (North and Soutlh is very haniudsomel and iumilue. It does not stand ahovo eight inches in height, but hlus a 'double, dial, one for tiame, and Sthe theana anaoroeid, barometor,. between awhich dials is placed a thermonotor.. The cup for theloRifles,(North ,anid South) is' \- also very .,handsomio, hbeing, a gold cup leboautifully chased ,vwith a.;sort of. star pattern. .The cuii for theNational .Rifle. Association (in case of such all inistitution. not being floated its; prize falls to.., the. I Southern Ritlo Association) is.a cup 'of. a ery boeautiful desigii;n, being covered 'yitlhi Sbirde, flowers, butterllies, ,and fains of i Japanese chlracter. , TiThe articles are now. Sexhibited at Mr T., L. Head's establish i molt in Liverpool-street, Hobart, and Swe understand the, Conmmandant -intends bringing them up to Launceston on Friday snext, wien Messrs Fairthorne and Sot 'will be requested to give them a :place in their window in Charle-stroet for the in .spectiosn of the ipublic at Launceston on Saturday, the 14th instant. I?i'i?nItIeNrTST 0N TlE" ' FOOTP'ATrIS. Visitors complain that many of the foot paths are riather too plentifully sulpplied silli rad mnetal. Whether the stoniee are put there by children in play and forgotton to be removed after it is over, or find their way there by some other means, the fact.is the same thImro they often are. :If a person be busy in eonersation dur i'g the day and fails to see the stones, or i'if lhe cannot son thlem during the night on tile otlherwiso comfortable footpaths, it is not pleasant to tread on one of them arid get a sprained ancle, when the acci de'it might be avoided by a trifling caro 'filmiess on' the part of those who heed lessly and needlessly encuimber the side walks of the town. CAsCADE BREWEIY.-Asi we have pro viously notieled in our columns the well known Cascade Breaory, Hobart, to Sgather with all the plant, etc , connsected with the establishlment, has of late changed hands, having been purchased 'by a Molbourne company. It is now ' oflicially nunounced that the purchasers are Messrs Syme and Company, the members of which are Mr Syme, who for years past hlas beeoon connected with com mercial and lauding interests in Mol hoarno, Mr Chapman, son of the lete Jsudge Chapman, and a prominent citizen of Sandhfrstdr and Mr Aikman, manager Sof tle confeotionery manufactory of the company, Melbourne. A "aPiAmvsa\slaTry ExAeaalc.-Iin the ChiurcL Neiuwsfor the current inmouth we find tlhe following :--"' MnIunificeunt Olffer ins. a The Bishoup acknowledges a dona tton of £100 from thIe Rcev. J. A. Fawins, h a ituask- ffdiOng to the General Church Silid. alr Fawns hlas also promised to tthe Bishop £100 a-year for rten years, on condition that othler Clharchnen will cmntributo £1000 beford next' Chlrishfas." At tilme present timo wheln this church is so greatly s hampered in suuplying lhe spiritu'l Swants of the miuing and ollther outlying dish riscts by nbaholto want of thIe necessary \- fundis, his generous offer of the I1Oev. Mr Fawns is particularly acceptable, and ae SItrust that tle coitingent portion of itwill bodefinltelyccsirem sslls Ibefore thl current year passes away. Il a chuirch snumber ing no naiiny wealthy nmimher as the Church of Eglashnd, it would be a disgrace to Ihets were this opportunity to be per smitted to fall to the ground, and we hlopo llhat the Irainowsrthy example aot by Mr SFawns will be followed by others. TIE T.HL&Ts; FIRe IN CIIARLES-STREET. We ore informed that the Insurance Com panics that have joined in the offer of a reward of £100 for such evidence as would load to the prosecution of whoover wilfully nset fire to the promises of Mr Alfred Webster, in Charlee-street, are the Queen, Victoria, and Liverpool London and Globe. As will be seen elsewhere Mr WVbster also offers a re ward of £50 for thie conviction of whoever fired his premises. LICENSES.-At the Police Court on Monday morning the Police Magistrate granted a billiard license to E. H. Panton of the Launceston Hotel, and a bagatelle license to Donald Cameron of the Scottish Chief Hotel. RcELIoous.-Envsangolicnal services will , be held at the Primitive Methodist Church, Young Town, this evening. Mr Charles Inglis, of London, will preach at the Mission lt,om, Wellington- street, *at 7 p.m., to-morrow. INSPECTOR OF MINES.—It will be seen by our telegram from Hobart, that Mr Geo. Thureau, F.G.S., has been ap- pointed an inspector of mines, and that he will be duly gazetted on Tuesday next. The Regulation of Mines Act will soon, therefore, be in operation, and careless miners and mining companies will need to look well after their machinery, etc., lest they incur legal penalties for using im- proper or unsafe appliances, whereby life may be endangered. COURTS or Revisiono.-A Court of Re; vision for the district of Itingwood will be held at the Police Station, Cressy, on 24th inst., at 3 p.m. A Court for tlhe revision of the electoral rolls for Longford and Norfolk Plains will be held at the 1 Council Chambeor, Longford, at 10 a.m. on Monday, 23rd inst. The electoral rolls of the districts of North, South, East, West, and Ceontral Hobart will be revised at the Town Hall, Hobart, on 20th inst., at 10 a.m. CA.rr MEETINc.-Ap-propos of thle moot ing at Queensclif, the Sydney Erenninyg Ne.ws observes :-" During the first three decades of the present century, camp meetings served a most useful purpose in the States. The country was but sparsely populltelbd,mln it was impossible to supply the people regularly with the ordinances of religion. Camp meetings wore insti tuted, to get over the difliculty, and tlhey served the double purpose of enabling tilhe pioneer settlers to meet each othler and enjoy a fortnight's delightful recreation, and to receive sound and attractive re ligious instruction at the saine time. But with the progress of settlement the need for these institutions as religious meetings passed away. We do not desire to see this institution - become , established in Australia. Thle type of religion gonsirated thereby is tihe sensational,or the mystical, and the world does not want a religion of that kind. If clergymen cannot convert sinners and edify beliovers, except by means of religious pienics, they ought to accept the situation, and turn their atten tion to other pursuits. Let them preach the ' sweet and reasonable 'religion of the gospoel in an attinctivoemInner, viz., witl illustrations drawn fromn every day life, and there will be no necessity to establish camp meetings at thin seaside or anywhero else, to induce people to become disciples t of tile Master; for they will be so ins Spressed by suchll attractive expositions of tihe Master's words, tlmt they will at once beconme loyal to Hint both in heart and life." A NovEL, USE FOR CATS.--Just at this season of thes year (states the Ararat SAdvertiser) when thine lravages of 'the sparrows are mnost readily observed, and when, notwithstanding tine nmany inge nious devices of gardeners, their cherry trees are stripped by the feathered depre 1 dators, it may be of valueno to learn that one gardener lhas managed to keep tilhe birds out of his trees by a novel mneans. For years lie has cndeavoured in every p lossiblo way to preserve his fruit, and though mhe poisoned many of the birds Swith plosphorised oats, and for a time Scared the . marauders by tying to tthe s branches .of his. fruit trees scraps of old a newspapors wllich were kept in a constant flutter by the. wind, the birds became so i impudent that even an Age loader wildly d flaunted in their faces lost its elticacy and s was unheeded. This :season our friend o determined to try a new mneans, anld Ihaving .several cats, he placed them in cages, haniging one in the centre of each o tree. , So far his experiment has proved tsuccessful, and as the cats are not at all 1 content in their conlinement, but keep r straining against their prison bars, cater vwauling to one another in tones that' at. times are suggestive .of thile deepest e anguislh not a bird ventures to. go any-. ) lwhore oear the trees. Last week a. s nunbor of cats were taken away to leo placed 'in tIhe cherry trees at Catheart, and before lbong pussies will be at a premium. SIndeed, . if the inquiry continues at last " week's atet;' we mIsay expect soon to find a , feline 'stobck market established, nsand a is qnuotation givedn daiily for good to primne r "Tons.'i: - t A sInrnINs Ot carpenters, joiners, and builders Swill be hold at the Workmens' Clnub, to- morrow evening, at 7"30 o'clock, to consider the question re advanoe of wages. SMiss AnnaonscN announces that she has made temporary arrangements to carry on her bust f noess as umbrella and parasol maker, at tIle r. rear of r It. Yolfes' drapery establishment Charles-street. ADVICE TO MIOTHERas -Are you broken in your rest by a sick child suffering with the pain of cutting teeth? Go at once to a chemist,and get a bottle of S?ns WINSLOW'S SOOTHING SvoUP. It will relieve the poor sufferer imme diatoly. It is perfectly Iharmless and pleasant. to taste, it produces natural, quiet sleep, by re liovhng the child from pain, and the little cherub awakes "as bright as a button." It soothes the child, it softens tihe gums, allays all pain, re lieves wind, regulotes the bowels, anil is the best known renmedy for dysentery and diarrhoea whother arising fromn teething or otbner eases. 1 Sirs Winslow's Soothnng Syrup is sold by mcdl cino dealers ovorywhlero at Is lijd per bottle. manufnectured at 9103. Oxlord-streooet. London. r THROl AFECTIONS AND HOARSTO ENE S.--AIi Ssuffering from irritation of the throatand hoarse ' hess w-iltbo agreeably surprised at tine almost S mmedinto relief afforded by the usoof "Browns Bronchial Troehes." These famous lozenges t are now sold by most respectablelo chemists at is 1id Iper box. People troubled with a "hacking cough," "a light cold," or bronchial naffections, Scannot try them too soon, as simnilar troubles, if allowed to progress, result hn serious pIul monary antui asthmatie affection. See that the words " Brlown's Bronchlial Troches" are on tihe Government stamp around each box.--Mlanu. Sfactured by JoiN I. EIIOWN i SoNs, Boston, United Stntes. Depot, 493. Oxford-st., London -Advt. 