Our Newcastle Letter. (FEOM OUB COBBESPOSTDEIfT.) Newcastle, Wednesday. CONCILIATION CAPSIZED. After three weeks' exercise, the masters and miners proposed Conciliation Dispute Settling Board has faded away, and its excellent orinciple given up the ghost. Strikes of late had so seriously hampered trade at Newcastle, and were throwing so ghoul-like a shadow on the port's future prospects, that both sides tacitly admitted the time had come for putting a peg in. That is, putting it in for as long as it would fit the bunc. Since strikes were in the hecin ning, are now, and ever will be. The miners first picked up the gauntlet, and straightforwardly solicited and got a conclave of the proprietors to meet them and discuss the point. It was wanted to know, you know, why collier and capitalists could not so lay their heads together that future disruptions in the coal trade might be thwarted without resort to the' 'barbarous' method of striking. I quote the adjective, since it was justly emphasised by some of our leading colliery representatives. It is a matter of history now that a conference was agreed to, and came off at the Australian Agricultural Company's offices here. It, however, broke up hi something like slumbering fire, and since has culminated in smoke. The masters clearly-intimated that they believed in the virtue of small numbers when important stakes were at issue, and advocated but two from either side to form the suggested board of conciliation. The men wanted double that number, and then arose the split. It was decided by thomen thatthey take time to think over it. They have done so at various colliery lodges, and now we have the not by any means un expected ultimatum that our miners hold out for their point, and that, ergo, negotiations must be looked upon as cried off. No need for stopping to moralize ; nevertheless, this is much to be regretted. The opportunity was ripe, and even had matters gone no further than the constituting of a board, and the framing of something like a mutually agreeable base work of concession, points would have been evolved that could not have acted otherwise than benefically. However we must rest content to relegate the matter just now to Father Time's waste-paper basket. THE POET. Jc UL st .LUxri/lligliu iJcfcBli uui yivumuLai vi aui-_J^J^u^, lima gradually decreased, and become beautifully less. In place of double banked lines of buoys and overworked cranes, things went down to next to nothing, and qnicisij was the order of the day. A more lively turn of the wheel has just taken place, and things are just now looking up again. The Manchester Castle, a splendid leviathan of 1999 tons, put in an appearance to load coals to-day. MISCELLANEOUS. The local butchers' meat question has developed no nevr phases, and prices keep as firm as hitherto. One outsider, the owner of sheep and cattle, offered to sell cleaned carcases, warm from the knife, at 2Ad per lb mutton, and a trifle over for beef, but the offer was not taken up, as whole sale buyers had the market at their fingers' ends, and nothing came of it, beyond an advertised reduction of a penny per lb for mutton all round. The cricket season is quickly opening. Matches of more or less importance are rumoured. The principal attraction, however, is the series of contests in connection with the Hannell Chal lensre Cup. The trophy is coveted by all wielders of the willow, and the very best men only will pull it off. The weather lias been extremely changeable of late, heat and cold coming at 12-hour intervals. The much required raia does not put in an appearance, and se-ms as far off as ever. Our water supply appears to be keeping it company, and shows no sign of coming on the scene for at least a year or two. 