PERSONAL RECOLLECTION^ OF '48. BR JAMBS STEPHENS, C.O.I.R. (Irishman.) CHAPTER Till.—(Continued.) AFTER crossing my friend's garden-wall I enetrated into one of the yards. Here I entered the coach-house and mounted a ickety ladder to the loft, where I plunged yself into the hay. This couch was to me a more luxurious one than ever a Sultan could oast of. I stretched my weary limbs, and ought slumber. But the coquette sleep ould not come despite all my passionate blandishments. I remained for hours trying, ut in vain, to get some repose, and as the rey light of dawn was peeping into the attic window, I heard a rustling of feet in the straw underneath. Creeping over to one of the loopholes of the loft, I glanced downwards and saw my friend's coachman, one who knew me well in the days when I was not a professed rebel. He was a dapper little man, of some thirty-five winters, illhaped, or, to speak with, perhaps, more precision, rough hewn—having a set of features hat bore an expression half of a comic humour and half of stern seriousness—an expression, by the way, that must have owed its existence in a large share to a pair of eyes lessed by _ the three qualities known as " casts," which were at times extraordinary ights in themselves to behold, I remembered ears before that when I was little more than mere child having assisted at his marriago with one of the finest and most bouncing girls n the locality, when we made the old barn oor shake to the music of the feet in a real Irish jig, as the piper and fidcler shook their nstruments with many a merry clash, to the devarshion of the country folk assembled. I ecalled this scene to my mental vision as I saw the coachman busily engaged at his work n that m&tinal; hour. A few minutes afterwards I placed my head right over the loophole and shouted— " John." He instinctively threw the brush from his hands and crossed himself most reverently before gazing upwards to the point from which the voice proceeded. When he looked up I saw him shudder as never a man shuddered before. The devil's darkness smote him on the face. I must be a veritable demon, thought I. Demon or no demon, however, I ^new I had a tongue of the human, and I again ex claimed: " John." He -would not'dare to 'raise his heaft, but he had power and presence of mind enough to renew his devotional exercises. " John, John, John," I repeated; but the more I shouted, the more numerous became the signs of the Cross which he made on his forehead. At last I took pity on the poor fellow, and charitably came to his relief by saying; " John, don't you know me f I'm James Stephens." I saw him writhing to^and fro in the en deavour to articulate something. At last, with a mighty effort, he managed to tell me that he did know me " God knows," he said at last, daring to gaze upwards,'' I thought' twae yer honour's ghost I saw." " No fear of that, John, I'm still alive and kicking/' " Oh, I'm so glad," he murmured, with a deep sense of relief—leaving me in doubt as to whether I should attribute his sense of joy to my being on earth,' or to bis having escaped from the paws of the black beast. "Is Master Willie at home, John?" I asked. " Yes, sir," was the reply. " I want you to bring him to me as soon as possible," I observed. This Master Willie was a young man, and has, I think, sinoe distinguished himself in America as a oivil engineer. He was soon with me, and as kind as I could desire. It was arranged between us that before I saw f the other members of the family I should I take a,shower bath—a process I needed going through porely, although thepunishment it 5 inflicted on me was something really atro-1 cious. When I was regenerated by the ' refresiling waters I was brought to a bedroom, where most of the family came to see me, andwhere I was treated with all kindness. In this room I remained for several days and nights, thinking and dreaming of Ireland. My thoughts and dreams were sad. My memories ran back to the bright era When the teachings of the Young Treland Jfation had awoke a national chord »n the heart of our people who were Instruoted in the faith Of truth and liberty, qind who, I fondly, imagined, would be as ready to, act upto instructions as well as to receive them. I meditated on the blksted hopes, the ruined; "anticipations^ the vain visions of a' Jjri^ht ; •and glorious independence' lor my native lapd. Ah, Ireland I Ireland'! 'Ireland I ""•.fCj inan^'^lpHfr^w® *&ceeably; l^ken-j^'ujkm, from tinje' to time, bytne; members Bftd ftiends bf' 1 thfl ! *amlly wWjse •&ospiibality;~I-wia& Oigoyingl ^All held views; j irune or lees bf 4' loyal tmgfe^they irwe up- 'iuilderti (if British !d6nmdon in the cotlntry ; i but i deolart thai if my tttrefit 'Waa Snvaded, ieraryime «fl4hem^wp<MjmTO : 'defendedme *o(*he^3eatii wai^'itbe ai&ions; «f 'aHen ' «oitnmg is^heirish lediiiig emr in .(To is Gofitinued.j) 