T H E O A LOVE STORY, By Mrs. Frances Hodgson Burnett. Author of " That Lass o' Lowrie's." Chapter I.—Prepaeixg pop a Jourxev, ( Continued. J It was not late when the children went to bed, but it was very late when Pamela fol lowed them; and when she went upstairs, she was so preoccupied as to appear almost absent-minded. She went to her room and locked the door, after her usual fashion; but that she did not retire was evident to one pair of listening ears at least. In the ad joining bedroom, where the girls slept, Theo lay awake, and could hear her every move ment. She was walking to and fro, and the sounds of opening drawers and turned keys came through the wall every moment. Pamela had unaccountable secret ways, Joanna always said. Her room was a sanctuary, which the boldest did not dare to violate lightly. There were closets and boxes there, whose contents were reserved for her own eyes alone, and questions regarding them seldom met with any satisfactory answer. She was turning over these possessions to night, Theo judged, from the sounds pro •ceeding from her chamber. To be truthful, Theo had some curiosity about the matter, though she never asked any questions. The innate delicacy which prompted her to rever ence the forlorn aroma of long-withered romance about the narrow life had restrained her. But to-night she was so wide-awake, and Joanna and Elin were so fast asleep, that every movement forcing itself upon her ear, made her more wide-awake still. The turn ing of keys and unlocking of drawers roused her to a whimsical meditative wonder. Poor Pam! What dead memories and coffined hopes was she bringiug out to the dim light of her solitary candle ? Was it possible that she ever cried over them a little when there was no one to see her relaxing mood? Poor Pam! Theo sighed again, and was just deciding to go to sleep, if possible, when she heard a door open, which was surely Pamela's, and feet crossing the narrow corridor, which were surely Pamela's own, and then a sharp yet soft tap on the door, and a voice which could have been no other than Pamela's, under any possibility. " Theo I" it said, " I want you for a short time. Get up." Theo was out upon the floor, and had opened the door in an instant, wider awake than ever. " Throw something over you, "said Pamela, in the dry tone that always sounded almost severe. "You will take cold if you don't. Put on a shawl or something, and come into my room." Theodora caught up a shawl, and, stepping across the landing, stood in the light, the flare of the candle making a queer, lovely picture of her. The shawl she had wrapped carelessly over her white night-dress was one of Lady Tlirockmox*ton's gracious gifts : and although it had been worn by every member of the family in succession, and was frayed, and torn, and forlorn enough in broad day light, by the uncertain Kembrandt glare of the chamber- candle its gorgeous palm-leaf pattern and soft folds made a by no means unpicturesquc or unbecoming drapery, in conjunction with the girl's grand, soft, un English eyes, and equally un-English ebon hair. " Shut the door," said Pamela, "I want to speak to you." Theo turned to obey, wonderingly, but as she did so her eyes fell upon something which made her fairly start, and this some thing was nothing less than the contents of the opened boxes and closets. Some of said contents were revealed through raised lids; but some of them were lying upon the bed, and the sight of them made the girl catch her breath. She had never imagined such wealth—for it seemed quite like wealth to her. Where had it all come from? There were piles of pretty, lace-trimmed garments, boxes of handkerchiefs, ribbons, and laces, and actually a number of dresses, of whose existence she had never dreamed—dresses quaint enough in fashion, but still rich and elaborate. " Why, Pam !" she "exclaimed, " whose are they ? Why have you never " Pamela stopped her with an abrupt gesture. "They are mine," she said. "I have had them for years, ever since Arthiu-—Mr. Brun walde died. They were to have been my bridal trouseau, and most of them were pre sents from Lady Throckmorton, who was very kind to me then. Of course, you know well enough," with dry bitterness, " I should never have had them otherwise. I thought I would show them to you to-night, and offer them to you. They may be of use just now." She stopped and cleared her throat here with an odd, strained sound : and before she went on, she knelt down before one of the open trunks, and began to turn over its con tents. '' I wish you to go to Lady Throckmorton's," she said, speaking without looking at the amazed young face at her side. "The life here is a weary one for a girl to lead without any change, and the visit may be a good thing for you in many ways. My visit to Lady Throckmorton's would have made me a happy woman, if death had not come between me and my happiness. I know I am not at fault in saying this to you. I mean it in a manner a girl can scarcely understand—I mean that I want to save you from the life you must lead if you do not go away from here." Her hands were trembling; her voice, cold and dry as it usually was, trembled too, and the moment she paused the amazed, pic turesque young figure swooped down upon her as it were, falling upon its knees, flinging its white-robed arms about her, and burying her in an unexpected confusion of black hair and oriental shawl, showering upon her loving, passionate little caresses. Eor the first time in her life Theo was not secretly awed by her. " Why, Pam!" she cried, the tears running down her cheeks. "Dear, old, generous Pamela! Do you care for me so much enough to make such a sacrifice ? Oh, Pam ! I am only a girl, as you say; but I think that, because 1 am a girl, perhaps I understand a ' little. Do you think I could let you make such a sacrifice ? Do yo think I could let you give them to me—the things that were to have belonged to poor dead Arthur's wife ? Oh. my generous darling! Poor dead Arthur; and the poor young wife who died with him !" For some time Pamela said nothing; but Theo felt the slender, worn form, that her arms clasped so wannly, tremble within them, and the bosom on which she had laid lier loving, impassioned face throb strangely. But she spoke at length. "I will not say it is not a sacrifice," she said. "I should not speak truly if I did. I have never told you of these things before, and why I kept them, because such a life as ours does not make people understand one another very clearly ; but to-night I remem bered that I was a girl too once, though the time seems so far away; and it occurred to me that it. was in my power to help you to a happier womanhood than mine has been. I shall not let you refuse the things. I offer them to you, and expect you to accept tliem, as they are offered—freely." Neither protest nor reasoning was of any avail. The elder sister meant what she said with just the settled precision that demon strated itself upon even the most trivial oc casions ; and Theo was fain to submit now, as she would have done in any smaller matter. " When the things are of no further use you may return them to me," Pamela said, dryly as ever. "A little managing will make everything as good as new for you now. The fashion only needs to be changed, and we have ample material. There is a grey satin on the bed there that will make a very pretty dinner dress. Look at it, Theo." Theo rose from her knees with the tears scarcely dry in her eyes. She had never seen such dresses in Down port before. These things of Pamela's had only come from London the day of Arthur's death, and had never been opened for family inspection. Some motherly instinct, even in Mrs. North's managing economy, had held them sacred, and so they had rested. And now, in her girl's admira tion of the thick trailing folds of the soft grey satin, Theodora very naturally half forgot her tears. " Pamela," she said, timidly, " do you think I could make it with a train ? I never did wear a train, you know, and " There was such a quaint appeal in her mellow-lighted eyes that Pamela perceptibly softened. "You shall have half a dozen trains if you want them," she said, and then half faltcr ingly added, " Theo, there is something else. Come here." There was a little carven ebony workbox upon the dressing-table, and she went to it and opened it. Upon the white velvet lining lay a pretty set of jewels—sapphires, rarely pellucid; the clear pendants, sparkling like drops of deep sea-water frozen into coruscant solidity. "They were one of Mr. Briuiwalde's bridal gifts to me," she said, scarcely heeding Tiieo's low cry of admiration. "I should have worn them upon my wedding day. You are not so careless as most gilds, Theodora, and so I will trust them to you. Hold up your arm, and let me clasp one of the bracelets on it. You have a pretty aim, Theo. It was a pretty arm, in truth, and the flash ing, rose-tinted pendants set it off to a great advantage. Theo herself scarcely dared to believe her senses. Her wildest dreams had never pictured anything so beautiful as these pretty modest sapphires. Was it possible that she—she was to wear them? The whole set of earrings, necklace, bracelets, rings, and everything, with all their crystaliseil drops and clusters ? It was a sudden opening of the gates of fairyland! To go to London would have been happiness enough; but to go so like an enchanted princess, in all hei' enchanted fin err, w*as more than she could realise. A color as brilliant as. the scarlet in Lady Throckmorton's frayed paim-leaf shawl flew to her cheeks, she"fairly clapped her hands in unconscious ecstasy. _ " Oh, Pam !" she cried, with pathetic grati tude. "How good you are—how good—how good! I can't believe it, I really can't. And I will take such care of them—such care of everything. Yon shall see the dresses are not even crushed, I will be so careful." And then she ended with another little shower of im pulsive caresses. But it was late by this time, and with her usual forethought—a forethought which no enthusiasm could make her forget—Pamela sent her back to bed. She would be too tired to sew to-morrow, she S3id, prudently, and there was plenty of hard work to be done; so, with a timid* farewell kiss, Thco went to her room, and in opening ner door, awakened Joanna and Elin, who sat np in bed, dimly, conscious of a white figure wrapped in their august relative's shawl, and bearing a caudle to light up scarlet cheeks, and inconsistent eyes, and tangled back hair. "I am going to Loudon," the voice per taining to this startling figure broke out. " Joanna and Elin, do you hear? I am going to London to Lady Throckmorton's." Joanna rubbed her eyes sleepily. Oh, yes!" she said", not too amiably by ar.y mean.-. ,;Of course you are. I knew you would. You are everlastingly going j somewhere, Theo, and Elin and I stay at • home, as usual. Lady Throckmorton will never invite us, I know. Where, are your . things going to eornc from ?" snappishly. "Pamela!" was Theo's deprecating reply. "They are the things that belonged to her wedding outfit. She never wore them after Mr. Brunwalde died, you know, Joanna, and she is going to lend them to me." "Let us go to sleep, Eiiu," Joanna grumbled, drowsily. " We know all about it how. " It's just like Pam, with her partiality. She never offered to lend them to us, and we have wanted them times and times, worse than ever Theo docs now'." And then Theo went to bed also; but did not sleep, of course; only lay with eyes wide open to the darkness, as any other girl would have done, thinking excitedly of Pamela's generous gifts, and of Lady Throckmorton, and, perhaps, more than once the strange chance which had brought to light again the sad ghost of a wedding, and the bridal gifts that had come to the bride from a dead hand. (To be continued, j 