THE REV. JOHN McNEIL AT MOONTA MINES. Many Christians at Moonta Mines will be grateful throughout eternity for the lessons given them by their fellow-worker in the Lord's vineyard, the Rev. J. McNeil, during the past week. For a fortnight before his coming to the district, there had been meetings for prayer every evening; and during the previous week praying men and women from each of the Methodist churches had united in asking a blessing on the labors of the evangelist. Several of the meetings were greatly blessed. On Saturday, February 25, the young men of tbe Hallelujah Band, formed by Mr. McNeil last year, met to welcome him at the Captain's house. After singing and prayer the first meeting of Christian workers met in the Bible Christian Church; and, throughout, the meeting was enthusiastic and earnest. On Sunday the evangelist preached in the morning in the Bible Christian Chapel, and in the afternoon addressed a gathering of the united Sunday-schools in the Wesleyan Church. Upwards of a thousand were present, and great interest was shown by the children, as the lessons of sowing and reaping were explained and illustrated. On the Sunday evening the first united evangelistic service was held in the Primitive Methodist Church. At the after meeting there were many under conviction of sin. For five evenings the services have been continued with glorious results. There were seekers every evening, several finding peace, and others going home with the burden of sin on their shoulders. The work reached its height on Friday evening. Cries were heard in different parts of the church as one and another asked the all-important question, " What shall I do to be saved ? " We who were there will never forget it. The power of the Lord was present to heal, and great was the rejoicing as one and another received pardon and reconciliation. One feature of the services, which rather put us out of our ordinary Methodist way of working, is worthy of notice. The seekers were told to keep their seats, and half-a-dozen workers, headed by the evangelist, with Bibles in their hands, went in and out among the earnest ones, showing from the book the way of salvation. Texts had been underlined, and pages turned down ready for work, and several who could not be persuaded in any other way, were compelled to give in to God's own Word. The hour's Bible-readiDg in the afternoon was a means of grace to many of us, and it was an astonishing sight in Moonta Mines to see numbers wending their way to the church with their Bibles in their hands at half-past 5 in the afternoon. The clear, simple manner, the deep religious fervor, the high-toned spirituality of the evangelist, and the power of the Holy Spirit, were means greatly blessed to all who went. Our Bibles have never been turned over so mucb for twelve months by some of us as they have been during the last week. "I never saw things in that light before," says one. "I bless God for Mr. McNeil's teaching me how to read my Bible," says another. " I never prized it half as much as I do now," says a third; and ministers and local preachers, Sabbathschool teachers and Sunday scholars have been gathering crumbs for many days hence. We are determined to continue the readfings among ourselves. Another result of the labors of our beloved brother is tbe starting of a hallelujah band of young ladies. Thirty or forty gave in their names on Saturday evening. Their special work is visiting the sick, distributing tracts, and helping the young men in the out-doar serrices. With these two bands of workers we hope to carry on a crusade for Christ during tbe coming year. The young men's band have had some success during the past year. Several out-door services have been hold, and wanderers have joined the ranks as workers for the Master. We intend carrying on the out-door work after Mr. McNeil's departure from our midst. One of our best workers this year was led to the house of God by a tract grven by one of the band. We ask the prayers of all young men everywhere. Any communication addressed to the Captain, Hallelujah Baud, Moonta Mines, will receive an answer; and Christian young men will be informed of our methods of work as well as the results. The evangelist goes on to Moonta this week. The Institute-hall has been engaged. Mr. McNeil's methods met with opposition from many of us at first; but, as we understand them, we have been led to see their advantage. His plain, outspoken remarks have caused deep wounds in many of our hearts. But they have been the wounds of a friend. He has left us with a yearning to know more of God's Word, and with a determination to get the power of the Holy Ghost manifested in our midst. 