SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. TURF NOTES. Notwithstanding the heavy rain that fell yesterday morning there was a large master of spectators at the scraping sheds on the Flemington training ground soon after day I light. Those who hurried out to be in time for Mr. Saville's horses might have taken matters more leisurely, for that gentleman did not appear till late in the morning. After a number of Coffey's horses had done steady work, Lord Burghley came on to the tan, cantered once round, and then went on for a fine striding gallop of about two miles. Anglesea and Atí enterís galloped a couple of times round the tan at about three quarter speed Allander and Commo- tion did once round together on the Blind track at a fair pace all the way. Allatider seems to be improving. Czar and Trevallyn did steady work, Master Avenel and Vulture did a couple of rounds on the tan at a good strong pace, both moving nicely. They were followed by Sterling, who did once rounCat a feet pace Stockdale and Cunnamulla were sent twice round the sand track, the first time at a canter, and increasing the pace in the second round to a good strong gallop. Hecla cantered on the sand track, and was then sent, on for a mile at best pace Her performance either for time or style did not please the touts. Saionara, and Brian Boru cantered on the sand track, and came home the last mile fast, Saionara finishing in a very slovenly manner. Darebin was started on the sand track, and after going for a half mile canter was taken for a couple of miles at a fine striding gallop, going well within him self and yet making very fair time South Bayer did good useful work by himself. Aber foyle, Middlemarch, and White and Blue cantered and spurted home for half a mile on the Band track Delusion and Laplander did steady work on the ploughed track inside the course. Kanaka and Roh i poor had a good working gallop on the outer track. Quick liver, Hobart, and Queen cantered on the sand track and finished the last mile at a fast pace, the first-named leading home, but it was evident that Queen would soon have passed him had they gone on a little further. Segenhoe and Gostwyck did a mile and a half on the Band track at a strong pace all the way. Segenhoe going at his case had Gostwyck in trouble by the time they had gone half a mile. Lyons Lady and another two year. old did a fast spurt on the sand track. Fryingpan started on the Bund track, and went once round at a Uno striding pace all the way, and coming home in his usual free determined manner, The Hebrew did Blow work by himself on the tan. Robert the Devil and Omelette cantered on the sand track, and then started for a fast gallop of a mile Robert the Dean had at least four lengths advantage in the start, and the filly was beaten off at half a mile She was then eased, and Robert came home alone. Lothair and Chlone cantered on the sand track, and spurted home. Nautilus and Ironmaster did similar work. Assyrian and First Water did Blow work on the ploughed track inside the course. Navigator, with Hales in the saddle, then came out from the boxes under the hill, and cantered on the Band track. This colt is looking remarkably well, and though not what would be called a big one, is still remarkably strong While he cantered twice round the sand track all the other horses at work were neglected, every eye watching his slightest movement. He did not give any occasion for the employment of the watches, merely doing slow exercise. Bagot and Stockwell went twice round the sand track, the first time at a canter, then warming up to three-quarter speed, and coming home fast for half a mile, in which both horses performed well. King of the Vale, in clothing, had a steady gallop on the sand track, with Petrol for a companion. Prattle and Attache went once round the Band track at a steady pace, and then did another round at a strong pace. To the surprise of many Attache finished in front. Larpent did a couple of rounds on the tan at a good Binding gallop all the way. I met Water was taken on to the sand track, and rattled along for a mile fast. Bis Bia cantered and finished with a fast half mile. Gueeswoik, with Baron Von Mueller for a companion, did one round on the sand track, doing a mile at a strong gallop. The Baron was beaten off at half a mile, but the pace, though good, was nothing extraordinary. After walking about for a little Guesswork: went by himself for a second mile, in which he made better time. Baasamo did steady work During the morning the usual number of jumping horses and two-year olds did steady work The following scratchings for the V A.T.C. Spring Meeting were posted yesterday - Caulfield Cup Canary, Morpeth, John Peel, and Robert the Devil. Findon Harriers Morning, St Thomas, Goodwood, Zulu, Exile, and Waverley. First Hurdle Race Fusilier. Second Hurdle Race Huntingdon. Toorak Handicap Scandal, The Ghost, Lapstone, and Robert the Devil Selling Race The Ghost and Breeze. Foal Stakes George Rignold. GueBework has come into great favour for the Caulfield Guineas, 5 to 2 being taken about him yesterday. Fryingpan is in fair request at 4 to 1. Hecla has been backed at 5 to 1, A disposition has been shown to Lack MiBfaken, who will likely come into the market. For the Caulfield Cup, Assyrian, Darebin, Fryingpan, Guesswork, and Sar- onyx are the most fancied, the prices ranging from 100 to 5 to 100 to 8 Navigator is in strong request for the VR C Derby at 5 to 2. Guess work has been supported at 7 to 1, and 6 to 1 is offered about Segenhoe. Fryingpan has been taken at 10 to 1. For the Melbourne Cup, Cunnamulla has been backed at 8 to 1. Sweet William has receded to 10 to 1. Sylvanus has been very freely backed at 100 to 4 and 5. The double of Navigator and Sylvanus for the Derby and Cup has been taken to a large amount, the prices ranging up to 1,000 to 15 a hero is a strong inclination among the leading members of the ring to establish a settling after each day's racing during the approaching spring races 