AMUSEMENTS. -2-. 1 At every theatre but one Saturday night's programme was repeated d last (evening. i "Hamlet" was produced at the Gaiety Theatre, and the performance was in MHR in interest, because a fully Miss ; Louise Pomeroy-pla}id (be part of Hamlet. In criticising find ministers this thunder, very heavy ur.tuuii'uls have been aroused by literary me as to the cause of Iltuuli't's conduct tlniniglioiit 'ke play, the vast majority of them dealing, <irnlti<iii«iting to den with the question as to whether he was mad 'or sane ; but 11 few writers have put forward the theory that Himmler's varied moods spirits from the fact that the opening of the other hamlet and Queen Gertrude was a Avuiuaii iiuit-qucindiiig, for Male screens, in male attire. 'these little articles may account in some measure for the attempts which, during the past decade, a low Actresses have made to interpret the character but as the Ihioiyof ferocity has not met with by any means general ncicjitnCion, li mining Uiuiilels have things been heavily liiindiciiptiid by the mere circumstance of their fox in bidding for public approbation. Miss Pomeroy's Hamlet j is the iiuibiliousiitlempt, and it may be said a very talented I undadmirable no tender, but the I'uisciiline dross, railways, and the lowered tone of voice could not convey the illusion that a ;iin.«.euhi.« Hamlet was moving and speaking before the audience. Aho, alias Poinsettia is not quite letter per j seconded dialogue, and to ?jii'-tify her by informing her 1 sombre costume with blue trimming, omit from one of the earlier sport lies the line " And eastward y suits of solemn black 1: ;" and furthermore looks 11101 ely a comely bare-faced youth of 20 years rate instead of so making up UB to justify the reference to plucking the beard. As an close 1 in um y affect the attempt was a thorough success another proof of the rapidity with which Miss Pomeroy's undoubted talent is being developed-but us a representation of the ideal Hamlet it was Incline; in several essential points. Miss Corner' y acted impressively, but we have seen him make the same ideals in jViiu'mVio parts and the surroundings times invested them with far more impressiveness. The audience last night, npri'-eciatccl the merit of the PURDY-, and recalled the actress after wick act, nearly every soliloquy being also followed by a hearty burst of applause. As a dramatic study, Miss l'oiiieiny's, Hamlet is a deeply interesting impersonation, and one that play guests should not miss seeing. Miss Kate Arden was the Queen ; Mr. W. J. Holloway, the Ghost ; Miss Essie Jenyns, Ophelia and Mr. Arthur Elliott, Laertes. '. Hamlet" will he repeated until Thursday night; AVIICU " The Lady of Lyons " will be played.__,_ 