ROLF AND I. By M. D. Brink. t THINK I can never quite lose the memory of my mother's death, for, in all the years which have since followed, I can yet recall that dreadful evening when I clung with all pcj/ the strength of my little arms to the solemn f figure which never heard nor saw my distress, since the eyes would never open again with their look of love for me, nor could the pale lips call me by name. It was my mother's sister, Aunt Grace Morton, who finally lifted me from the bed of death, and, with tears, in her gentle voice bade me be comforted, and remem ber that my homo would in future be with her and Uncle Morton, and they and Cousin Rolf would love me dearly. It was long before I ceased grieving for mamma ; but children's hearts turn more to sunshine than shadow, and after a little while I learnt to sing and laugh again as a child of ten ought, and auntie called me " Little Sunshine," as the weeks and months went by. I must here explain that Mr. Morton was my aunt's second husband — a devoted, kind-hearted man, whose son Rolf, shared with him my aunt's respect and love. Had the boy been her own child, lie could not have loved Aunt Grace more, 1 think ; and it was her delight to talk to me of Rolf's noble traits and loving heart, until I longed for the time of his return from school. He had gone away to S- long before mamma's sickness, and previous to that I had only met him once ; so that I had no distinct remembrance of him, and only knew him through auntie's loving description of her stepson. Rolf was about fifteen years old, and the five years between us seemed an age. He would he home by the holiday season, auntie sa d, and how I did try to improve and grow quiet and gentle during the weeks intervening, so that my cousin would be sure to like me I remember when at last he arrived how timidly I stood by auntie in the hall to welcome him. A warm shake of the hand with his father, a close clasp of his arms about auntie, as he half smothered her with kisses, and then he turned to me. I bashfully hung my head and extended my hand, but Rolf suddenly lifted me in his arms, and sat down on a chair r ear by. " Only your atom of a hand, Sis Clare ?" he asked merrily, " instead of a good big kiss to welcome the big boy home. Come, look up, and see what a famous fellow I am for a game of romps 1" His cheery voice restored my courage, and obeying a sudden impulse, 1' threw my arms around his neck, and exclaimed, with a long drawn breath : " Oh, I am so glad you're not a man !" We had a very merry holiday season — so much so that when one day my cousin stood, hat in hand, saying his last good-bye ere he was off for school and study again, I burst into tears, and ran into the sitting room, holding my red little nose and swollen eyes in the sofa- cushion. Then it was I heard Rolf say to auntie, haly-laugli- ingly : " Wait till she is grown, mother mine, and see if that child dosn't break some fellow's heart. She 11 be a beauty, with her dark eyes and olive complexion." Well, when he did come to me for another good- bye kiss, he didn't dream that my naturally vain little heart had seized his words of compliment, and was comforted in no little degree. After he had gone auntie and I were lonely, and she petted and spoiled me, until even indulgent Uncle Morton remonstrated. I missed the tall, blue-eyed, fair-haired boy, who had never thwarted my slightest wish, and had devoted his holidays to giving me, child as I was, all sorts of pleasures and delights. Auntie used to say laughingly : " Never mind, Clare ; you'll have him all the time in two years ; and I expect to be very jealous." Rolf came home but twice in the next two years, and one of his visits was very sad, because it was on the occasion of his father's death. Uncle Morton died after only a few day's illness, and auntie had only Rolf and I to comfort her. But soon the boy — or young man as he should have been called, for Rolf was nearly eighteen years old by that time — returned to his home to remain with us, for auntie was timid, and the house was large, and there were only herself and I and the two faithful old servants, to protect each other against the usual woman's alarm — burglars. So Rolf came, and we three were all in all lo each other. I studied daily under the tuition of a governess, and assistance from Rolf, and I was happy as a young queen, loving auntie almost as dearly as I had loved mamma, and loving Rolf like a dear brother. We were rarely parted during the three years following, although there were occasions when I would spend a day or two with friends who also visited our family, and Rolf would be called from home on some business matter. But our home was too happy lor its " children " — as auntie still called us — to care about remaining long away, and as Rolf grew rapidly towards manhood, I also advanced towards the sweet season of maidenhood, my heart and brain filling fast with girlish fancies. When my cousin was twenty-one years of age dear auntie died, and, after the usual time had elapsed, her papers were opened, and the old family lawyer av nnced the fact that Rolf and I were sole heirs to the respect able property left ; and though his was the larger share, yet I was content with my heritage, and grateful to auntie for her thoughtful remembrance of me. She requested in her will that Rolf should be my guardian, knowing well that, young as he was, he had the wisdom and manhood of one far older. I was to attend a boarding school in charge of an esteemed old friend of auntie's, and Rolf would attend to family business matters, and continue the study of law with our old friend, Judge C . Thus auntie knew I would be safely cared for and ad vised during the time until Rolf would attain legal majority, and then my guardianship. So we separated, my cousin and I. He took his sore, grieving heart to Europe for a season of rest and recruiting, ere finishing his law studies, which he dearly loved, and I went amongst strangers for the first time in my life of sixteen years. Of course, 1 cried and fretted over the thought of leaving home and Rolf ; but it was to be, and finally the days grew brighter 'for me, till, after a year had passed, I was perfectly happy with a gay set of girls and companions, who, like myself, considered school and its duties a sort of combination of necessary evils, to which we might as well submit with a good grace. At eighteen I was out of school and home with Rolf — " Gardy " I used to call him when in a teasing mood — and a respectable old lady, who acted the double duty of duenna and housekeeper. How can I describe the loving care and kindness which my cousin Rolf gave me day after day ! Nothing was too good for his little Clare, he said, ignoring the fact of my five feet two, and passing his tender hand as frequently and as caressingly over my hair as when I was only a little thing upon his knee, and he my " big boy cousin." " You are growing so fair and winsome, ma belle," he used to say, with a world of love in his blue eyes, " Who will win your love away from me, I wonder ?" Then we would both laugh, and I would protest that no man could take my cousin's place in my heart. But there came a time when, during a long absence from home, while visiting one of my old schoolmates, I learned to like and crave admiration from the young men of her acquaintance, and entered heart and soul into the gay life to which she introduced me, at once. And when a certain young fellow, with brilliant, dashing manners, and a clever knowledge of hoio to woo, came daily to see and make himself agreeable to me, I found it so delightful and altogether new, that the idea of return ing home grew for the first time distasteful. I was reckless, and eager for a continuation of this fascinating life, so different from the quiet home-life in which I had been so happy. So I wrote to Rolf, urging him to consent to my longer stay, and picturing my pleasures in such glowing terms that I felt sure of his answer. And it came in due time. He consented, but because the old home was so lonely without me, lie should go away and travel awhile. 1 felt somewhat reproached, but Harry Somers had declared himself with such earnestness that I fully believed his life would be wretched without me, and promised to save him from despair. All through the journey home I was planning how to break the news to Rolf, and half-fearing trouble in gaining his consent ; and when the noble fellow met me at the depot, clasping my hand tightly in his, and I saw his face fairly glow with the gladness of my return, I felt the quick tears spring to my eyes, and the old clinging love for my cousin drove all thoughts of my love from my mind for a time. It was not until we were seated together in the old familiar room, having bidden the gray-haired, white- capped old housekeeper good-night, that Rolf and I talked of my visit and my plans. I saw a quick look of pain on his face as I told him of Harry, and asked his consent to our engagement ; and the arm he threw around me tightened its clasp as I spoke in glowing words of all I had done and expected to do in the gay life so lately entered upon. "You are sure you. love him, little Clare?" Rolf asked, somewhat anxiously, bending his head and look ing into my eyes steadily. I replied that I did love Harry. " How could I help it when he loved me so well, and had declared his future would be void of happiness if I should turn away from his suit ?" Rolf smiled at my answer, but the cloud gathered on his brow and in his eyes once more. " God knows I would not stand in the way of your happiness, my Clare," he said. " I love you too dearly for that, and I am the guardian of your pleasure and best interest, you know. So how could I refuse to let you marry the man of your choice, if I were certain he would make you happy ? But I must know more of him first." " He is coming here, Rolf," I replied, "and you may judge for yourself." We talked until Rolf caught me trying to stifle a yawn, and then he sent me to bed. I dreamed all night that Harry and Rolf were dis puting about me until, as they seemed about to come to blows, I awoke with a start, and found it near daylight. When, at the breakfast-table in the morning, I told Rolf my dream, and said, jestingly, " How funny for you to want to marry me, Rolf, so much so as to dispute with poor Harry 1" Rolf turned very pale, and bit his lip as if to keep from answer ; and, though surprised, I said nothing more of the dream. Harry came in response to an invitation from Rolf, and I watched my cousin's face closely. Evidently Rolf was not quite prepossessed in Harry's favour, although his greeting was kind and courteous enough. But I could see that Rolf was very glad when Harry left us, and perhaps the slight resistance to my plans and wishes made me more determined, for the first time in my life, to have my own way, even though against my cousin's wish. Not long after I received an urgent invitation from Harry's sisters to visit them, and decided to accept, without a thought of the propriety of the thing, or even Rolf's acquiescence. Of course he objected strongly. " I haven't yet consented to your engagement with him, Clare,'' said he, gravely. " And truly, dear, I do ' not fancy him ; he is nofthe kind of man I should want my precious Clare to marry, and you know "--he paused and turned his face away ere continuing— " you know that Rolf would die to serve you and make you happy." I petulantly shrugged my shoulders and 'turned ;awav. However, it ended as' 1 knew it would from the first. I had my way, and went to Harry's home; trying to feel glad and happy, with the prospect of a pleasant' visit with his sisters, although Harry himself was absent, and would probably not return till my visit' was near its close. But the memory of Rolf s grave face hauntedme, and' clung to me during the whole of my visit. Contrary to expectations, Harry returned, and his devotion to me was begun anew. But how it happened I don't know/ or what caused the change in my feelings ; I only know, that a strange longing to see Rolf caiiae over me. I fancied what it would be to live apart from him always,' missing his loving care and watchfulness, his unselfish love and counsel, and the thousand and one little things' which made " him so necessary' to me, that the very thought of taking up a new and different life seemed more than I could bear. Little by little Harry's attentions grew annoying to me, and I thanked fate that our engagement was not as yet a settled thing, owing to Rolf's riOn-consent. . I suppose the growing coldness of my mariner, 'which, because of the increasing desire of Rolf's presence, I' eould not conceal when Harry persistently devoted him self to me, fretted him, for he complained bitterly that I had changed, and was no longer like my gentle self. Then a sharp reply followed on my part; arid'at last, after a wakeful night, during which I thought all sorts of dreadful things as happening to Rolf, I determined to at once go home, and promise my cousin to have nothing more to do with Harry Somers. A letter was handed me at breakfast-time, written by the faithful old housekeeper, who informed me that " Something ailed Mr. Rolf ; she didn't know what it was about, but he. had been like a ghost about the house, so white and sad, and seemed to be always thinking. Would I come home and cheer him up a little bit ?" Would I ? I lost no time in announcing the fact of my intended departure, and in spite of remonstrance from all the family, I left for home that same day at noon. When I reached the dear home, and rang the bell with a trembling hand — thinking how glad and sur prised Rolf would be, the dear fellow, when he came home from his office later in the day — Mary, the waitress, admitted me. The housekeeper had gone out, the girl said, so I went straight to my room. But, oh ! I had not yet removed my hat and cloak ere the girl Mary came hastily to my room with the cry that " Master Rolf was in the library, dead in the chair !" One scream which I could not restrain, and then I flew down the staircase with a throbbing heart and brain. There he was, my noble Rolf, the only man — I knew it now — whom ever I could truly love and respect, and ' without whom I could not live, I thought in despair — there he was, in the chair beside his table,, his head drooped slightly, and the dear face was white; oft, so white! "Rolf! oh, Rolf!" I called springing forward. Was he really dead or only in a swoon? He has been sicker than I knew of," I cried, " and they ought to have sent for me !" But Rolf was not dead, after all, when ' my arms were closely about him he opened his eyes and smiled, and though his mind wandered a little, for fever had set in strongly, I, alone with him while' the doctor was sent for, listened to words which made me so happy I almost forgot to be anxious about him. "I thought you would come to me, my Glare. If you knew that I love you so, you would not leave me to love another, who had not loved you so long or so dearly as I have — would you ?" He scarcely knew what he said, poor fellow ! but I knew it was in his dear heart, although but for this I might never have known, and I was glad, more so than I dared confess, even to myself. Well, Rolf got well q retty soon, and we had another talk, and the result was that Mr. and Mrs. Morton will be " At Home " on Thursday, November — , to any friends who chance to call. Want ok wind. — During the performance of an overture recently, one of the musicians having a trumpet part to per form, played too low, which the leader observing, cried out, " Louder, louder 1" No attention being paid, he repeated his command so often that at length the indignant German, in an agony of passion and exhaustion, threw down his trumpet, and turning towards the audience, violently exclaimed, " It is very easy to cry ' louder ! louder 1 louder !' but vere is de vind ? 