OUR NEW ZEALAND LETTER. WELLINGTON, Dec 16., The first general election under our now Liberal institutions is no if over, and the result is something akin to a political revolution. Out of a House of 61 European members, we will next session have d7 member who were not in the last Parliament, and of whom 3!) have never before occupied a seat in the Legislature The bare figures, however, can convey but a very slight idea of the radical change which has taken place. Amongst the defeated candidates were many of the most prominent men in political life in this colony, amongst the now men there is not a single one who has over really occupied a prominent position, nor is there onoyvhoduùng the election campaign has shown the slightest indication of capability for holding a leading position. Our next Parliament bids fair to be not an Assembly of notables, but an Assembly of mediocrities. Amongst the eight members who formerly occupied seats in the House and have now returned to it after a retirement of greater or less duration, there is not one who was in the slightest degree missed or regretted while relegated to private life. This cannot be said a large number of the members of the late House, avIio either did not seek or failed to secure re- election. There are amongst them many men of mark, men of tried ability, long experience, and high personal character, whose absence from its councils is little short of misfortune to the colony. In a former letter I alluded to the retirement of Mr. F. C. J. Stevens, Mr. Bowen, Mr. Gisborne, and one or two others who had then intimated that they did not intend to seek re-election, Since that Mr. George M'Lean, an ex-Minister, and a most useful member; Mr. Pitt, a lawyer of high character, who in a brief Parliamentary career had given sign of great promise as a politician ; Captain Kenny, a retiring quiet gentleman, but one whose personal character exercised an admirable influence upon the House and several other old members followed suit from pressure of private business, ill-health, or other causes in retiring from political life. The voluntary retirement of so many good men would have been sufficiently severely felt in the new House had there been no other prominent figures absent-, but the enlightened wielders of the residential franchise have, in addition, sent into retirement Sir William Fox, Mr. Ballance, Mr. Ormond, Mr J. T. Fisher, Mr. Reader Wood, and Mr. E. Richardson, all as Ministers Mr. Edward Wakefield, the most brilliant orator in the colony ; Mr. Saunders, the Joe Hume of the late House ; Mr. Bunny, one of its most useful members; Captain Russell, one of the most thorough -'gentleman who ever sat in it Mr. Hann, a sound and careful man and Mr. Seymour, the late Chairman of Committees; and have filled their places with men, as a rule, infinitely their inferiors in utmost every respect. In fact, only in one case amongst those named would it be possible for the most violent partisan to maintain a comparison between the new? member and his predecessor ; Sir William Fox, who has on many occasions been Premier of the colony, who has rendered it great services, and who is noted as a social reformer, who has devoted himself to rectifying all kinds of social abuses in others with a vigour chiefly remarkable for unhurt staleness and the use of violent and intemperate language, has been displaced by a Mr. John Stevens, a local auctioneer of sporting proclivities, who, although born in the colony, has never before deemed its public affairs worthy of any attention on his part. Mr. Ballance, a deep thinker, able speaker, and clover journalist, has had to gaze place to a Mr. W. Hogg Watt, whose person and capabilities are not inaptly typified by his names. Mr, J. T. Fisher, who, although he was Postmaster-General in the Grey Ministry, was certainly not a brilliant, although a very honest politician, has been replaced by Mr. Wynn Williams, a good lawyer, with Rome experience of provincial politics. This is the exception I have referred to where the change has politically been perhaps an improvement. Mr. Ormond, ex-Minister of Public Works, one of the ablest and most straightforward, although perhaps most personally disagreeable * politicians in the colony, a man looked to 03 a coming leader, has been ignominiously beaten by a Mr. Smith, a local storekeeper, whose experience of public life has been restricted to service on local committees, and who has never shown any particular qualification for even such humble public employment. Mr. Piondor Wood, a brilliant debater, a man of great experience, but as a party man unreliable from a habit of thinking for himself, has been beaten. by Mr. Tole, a young lawyer, who has sat for some years as one of the small joints in Sir George Grey's tail. lie, in the first outburst of the Grey fever, declared that he would not for a moment think of setting up his judgment against that of the great proconsul's on any point. This declaration gained him his seat in the first instance, and he has consistently carried out what he promised. His constituents appear to be satisfied with being represented by Sir George Grey by proxy, as it were. Mr. D. Richardson, the best Minister of Public Works this colony has over seen, has been rejected in favour of Mr. Harry Allwright, a local painter and glazier, who is perhaps the yvoikcsl-inindcd man who ever sat in a Legislature. He was returned to the last Parliament as a private, and as such he was placed on the election committee Struck to determine the validity of Sir George Grey's double return for the Thames and Christchurch. It was a ridiculous spectacle to see him running about the lobbies while the inquiry was pending, taking counsel from everyone who would he bored with a recital of his doubts and difficulties. Social pressure was brought to bear on him in various direction?. He announced a do. on times that he had made up his mind people wondered where he found it to manipulate-and at last, in _ defiance of clear facts and precedence, he gave the decisive vote which unseated Sir George Grey for Christchurch and gave the seat to Mr. Richardson, the very man whom he has now defeated for the Lyttelton seat. Mr. Edward Wakefield an able journalist, and the most gifted orator in New Zealand Sir George Grey scarcely excepted has been beaten by a Mr. Postlethwaite, a \- gasholder of considerable wealth, whose ambition hitherto has not soared, above a county council, and who has not shown any qualification for a higher position. Perhaps, however, loss sympathy is felt for Mr. Wakefield in his defeat their for any other of the disappointed ones. Mr. Wakefield has never been credited, even by his most ardent admirers, with the possession of any fixed principles. Politically he has been everything by turn, and nothing long. He has been true to one party and that is himself. He has fought desperately for a portfolio, and has often been within an ace of grasping it, but it has always slipped away. He has the most bitter rasping tongue of any man in public life, Sir William Fox even not excepted. are lApocchos are models of composition and of elocution, b 't he has, perhaps, the shortest memory for facts of any man in the colony. He has. a constitutional in capAcity for comprehending the meaning of the word gratitude, he is consumed by vanity and yet he is the most durable of the 'number when he is fairly tackled and thought to hay. This has more than once happened, and his abject apologies when he has allowed his tongue or his pen to run away with him, and he has been called on to take the consequences, have made even his enemies pity him, while rendering it impossible for even his friends to respect him. Still he is a loss to the House, and his successor is not likely ever to fill his place. At the declaration of the poll Mr. Wakefield told the electors that they were mistaken it they thought that in rejecting him they were putting an end to his political career. Everyone who knows the man will agree with him in this. His abilities are too great, his parts too brilliant to be permanently snuiTii'd out ; and although he has none of the qualities which attract either the respect or affection of the people; although to do him credit he never seeks to court the Dei riotous, and scarcely deigns to conceal his contempt for the mass of mankind, I am quite certain that he will yet occupy a prominent figure in our New Zealand politics. It is to be hoped his present defeat may teach him Soho useful lessons, which he may condescend to apply and profit by Mr. Simon of a, one of the most personally disagreeable men in the house, had the ate most economist, and the greatest provider of anything approaching sentiment, the bare 'racing' of the Civil service, has yielded place to a man quite unknown to political famous Mr. M'Ilwraith. Mr Bunny, peth.q.s one of the most practical men in the last four Parliaments, an old and excellent party whip, an indefatigable worker for the interests of his constituents, and. without exception. the best lobbyist in Parliament, has been displaced by an entirely, new but much richer man-a Mr. Buchanan. Captain Russell has had to retire in favour of a former colleague Mr. Sutton who is a complete contrast to him in every respect, Mr. Hain, a steady, sound, and plodding newspaper man and politician, has been defeated by a rival scribe named Joyce, a man of some ability, and who formerly held a seat in the House, but failed to make any mark there, owing to frequent indulgence in wild bursts not of oratory. In politics he is almost a Communist. Mr. Seymour has had to yield his Beat to a Radical brewer, a Mr. Tioikon. It will be difficult to satisfactorily replace Air. Seymour in the Chair of Committees. Altogether I be public, and I think the correct, impression is that the new House of Representatives is decidedly inferior to any of the Houses which have preceded it. One of the most remarkable features of the late elections was the almost entire absence of anything like party lines. Prior to the elections the Premier addressed his constituents, but he did not enunciate any policy which could form the basis of party, furnish a party cry.orrallyafollowing. Afowconimon-places about local government, a suggestion in favour of an altera- tion in the constitution of the Legislative Council by making it elective, with a property qualification, and chosen on Hare's system, and a promise of a defined scheme of public works to be constructed out of a new loan, formed the substance of his speech. , Almost the only debatable point in it was the suggestion about the Council, and almost the first man to debate this was the Premier's own colleague, the Colonial Secretary, Mr. Dick, who expressed his strong dissent from the Premier's proposals. It was therefore very evident that even if the question of reforming the Upper House was a burning one-which it is not the Premier's scheme was not put forward as a plank of a party platform, On the other hand Sir George Grey was equally vague. His old cries are played out, and he said nothing new. Greyism is in fact dead, and Sir George Grey's personal following in the new Parliament will not reach half a dozen. He had indeed a very hard struggle to secure his seat for Auckland City East against Mr. J. M'C. Clark, the Mayor of that city, whom he only defeated by 36 votes. Many of his most devoted adherents wore igno miniousl/rejccted, although he did all he could to help them. Sir George, indeed, is no longer a power in the Assembly, and probably no one regrets this more than the members of the Ministry. For the last three year he has been their boat friend and strongest supporter. Whenever their seats were in danger the Grey " bogey " was brought up, and the threat " if we go out Grey will come in, was always sufficient to frighten a number of waverers from going into the lobby against the Government on a Ministerial question. This threat will no longer be possible, for if there is one thing more than another on which the great majority of the new members have made themselves distinctly understood it is in the determination that under no circumstances will they tolerate Sir George Grey in power. Mr. Macandrew did try to put forth a policy. He was returned without opposition, but he put forth a manifesto practically advocating insular separation and a restoration of Provincialism. The thing fell dead, however. It did not awaken a respon- save echo any where; it was scarcely, alluded to in the various election speeches, and I am not aware of a single candidate ayIio look it up as a part of his platform. Perhaps there' never was an election in which there were so low political issues raised as the one just over, and it is amusing to see the various newspapers trying to classify the new members as Ministerialists-, Oppositionists, and Independents. No two papers seem to agree as to the classification, and I doubt whether a large number of the new members would be able to classify themselves, The Ministry do not represent either a policy or a political principle; they are simply recognized by most people as honest and fortunate administrators, and in default of any important question occasioning a difference of opinion, probably a majority of the new House will be very willing that the present men should continue to administer the affairs of the colony, but their acts will be viewed not through party spectacles, but on their merits. There is not, and for some time there is not likely to be, any party cohesion. Members will not feel that they owe any party allegiance, and the Ministerial whips will often find their positions by no means sinecures. On the other hand, there is practically no Opposition ; there is neither an Opposition policy nor an Opposition leader, now that Mr. Ormond has, gone. Sir George Grey and Mr, Macandrew are equally out of the question as leaders, and it is difficult to find on the roll of members any man capable of organizing an opposition, and leading a party. The House in the early part of next session will be an assemblage of free lances, and the position of the Ministry will therefore be an unpleasant and precarious one. At any moment it may find itself unable to do anything and compelled by self respect to throw up the sponge. Any important measure it brings down may have the effect of entirely rearranging such parties as do exist, and one of its greatest difficulties will be to conciliate and reconcile local interests. A very considerable proportion of the new members are coming up more as local delegates than as colonial representatives.. For instance, the leading question in Canterbury is the railway tariff. The Canterbury railways run all over level country, and the expense of working these level lines is of course far less than that of working the Otago lines where the grades are steep and the curves sharp. There is, however, a uniform tariff per mile over all the New Zealand lines. The Canterbury people demur to this. They complain that their railways are earning NíO.GO a year] which goes to make up deficiencies elsewhere; and they claim that the rates on their loved lines should be reduced to a corresponding extent, The demand is, of course, a preposterous one when it is remembered that all the railways are colonial property ; but public feeling runs very high on the question in Canterbury, and more than one of the new Canterbury members has been returned professing general satisfaction with the nail Ministry, but pledged to vote against them unless they concede a differential railway tariff to Canterbury. Of course any attempt at conceding this demand would be strenuously and unanimously resisted by the rest of the colony. This is but one of the local questions which the Government have to face, and which it will be far more difficult to adjust than any large question of public policy. The legislation of last session, was of a highly virtuous description in regard to election matters as well as " Ultra-Liberal." Not only was the residential franchise to practically enable every man in the colony to have a vote, but the introduction of single electorates and the Draconian provisions of the Corrupt Practices Act were to enable the poor man to stand on a perfect equality with the rich one in seeking a seat in the Legislature. Need I say that the experience of the late elections has shown the folly of all this One result of the six months' maiden trial qualification was that just before the issue of the writs two persons who had been released from Napier gaol after undergoing a six months' sentence claimed to have their names placed on the Napier electoral roll, as they had been six months resident in the district (gaol and their claim had to be allowed, as they had only been imprisoned for misdemeanour, not for felony. As to the poor man standing as a candidate on equal terms with each one, I doubt whether there has over been an election in this colony where wealth exercised a more potent influence. Candidates were apparently forbidden to spend money, yet the money was spent. They were not allowed to employ paid canvassers, and yet the usual army of canvassers were at work, and they were not the class of men to work for love. Candidates were forbidden to employ cabs to carry voters to the poll, but several of them made large " purchases " of cab plant a few days before the election, and finding the business not answering their expectations, sold out their stock-in-trade a few days afterwards. In fact, the proverbial coach and four has boondrivon through our virtuous Acts in all directions, and the few candidates who did honestly try to keep within the corners of the law found themselves very low on the poll. Of course, petitions are threatened on all sides, but I doubt whether many, if any, will over come before their Honors the Judges, and for this reason, that few of the defeated ones could go into Court with clean hands, and the few that could would not be able to incur the expense, and were so hopelessly out of the race that upsetting the election would not do them any good. In native matters there is fortunately little or nothing to report. To White and John are in New Plymouth gaol, presumably awaiting their trial but when or where it is to come off has not been announced. The general impression is, I think, that when they are brought to trial it will be impossible to convict them of any offence known to the law. thinks is under committal for the murder of M. I can and although there is not the slightest 1 me to doubt that he was guilty of that most brutal murder, the legal evidence is very weak, is entirely circumstantial and is not I think, likely to induce injury to give a verdict con- signing Hiroki to the st afford. firepower is in gaol in default of sureties to keep the peace This of course, is mere sham If the sureties, on the charge he is no jy under, were offered to-morrow, he would be immediately acted on some other charge for the danger of letting him go at large would be very great Um deluded followers of lo AN still have all been quietly dispersed to their respective farms and are apparently settling down quietly to cultivate the ground. Those who are so 011 of provisions are rationed by the Government. P tnhaka a illabo is almost wiped out, and the natives show no disposition to return there, but their faith in To White, and their confidence in his ultimate triumph, are still "'as great as ever So far Mr. Bryce's policy has no eye been a complete triumph, but the West Coast native question cannot be regarded d as yet finally settled It will require great on dence and ability before this is easily done, and I fear there are signs that Mr Bryce his been no weather intoxicated with his success, and has slightly lost his head. A banquet was given to him this week at Wanganui, and his speech thereat was not only indiscreet but absolutely foolish It ax will be a great pity if he should prove unequal to the great work which still remains to be done The season 111 the South Island has been a most unusually (dry one, and second. teams were at one time entertained for the crops. 1 Fortunately a few showers came in time to prevent the loss which would otherwise have 0 occurred, but still farmers are anxious, and a good deal more rain is required to ens are an average harvest. In the North Island the want of rain has not been felt, indeed, the season has been unusually moist, and the pasture and crop, look splendid In some parts of the north however, the potato crop is not a success this year. Wool is now pouring into all the ports, and the clip is said to be a very Doo I one. CBRISTIAMTY AMONGST THE NEW BRITAIN bAVAGEi,. -2 The following.intorestmg account of the peculiar fashion of opening a new church in the New Britain group is by the Rev. I. Rooney, who writes from Port Hunter, Duke of York Island, under date of September 13th - "Yesterday was a red-letter day at Kinawanun, the Duke of York mission station. About 300 persons assembled to take part in the opening services of our new church, and I think I am correct in saying that, with the exception of the farewell to Mr Brown, no event since the commencement of the mission has co ited so much interest and excitement as the event of yesterday The sight was indeed a pleasing one, and any one who saw the 30 people four or divorcees ago-a horde of say Ugi and then saw them yesterday, decently attired, coming up to the bou 0 of God, could have required no other proof of the progress which our mission has made among them, for days past nothing has been talked about but the opening of the church, and now it is over it will be the talk of the place for weeks to come " You have heard of ATorawaram be 13 brother to king Dick, and since Dick's death he is recognised as the head chief on Dill c of York Now AVarawuram is not by any means model Christian hokaflfivo wives, and is inmourn jug for a sixth He is the most astute traded in the South Seas, and the man will have to rise early who gets the best of AVarnwarntn ma bargain He is not too regular in his attendance at church, and generally walks and during the reading of the lesson with his hat on Warn c 7 am and his hat are inseparable But his iuij-p- oxing- Into, he beats his wives occasionally, an act which I cannot justify but he has not attempted to call any of them since my arrival He is a "savage Bull but a very different kind of say ago from what he was when Mr Brown aimed ' the new church is close to AVtrawarani's grounds, and he identifies himself with all its interests As soon as the day was fixed for the opening he set to work to make pid paration We were aware that something unusual was going on, but were left completely in the dark 03 to the nature of the preparation, except that there was to be a grand feast, all the rest was to be 1 surprise no one ning service was conducted by Mr. Darke, who talks the ùvà\0 of York language as fluently as though it were his mother tongue Thohttlechuichw isciov dcdwit_ianuttc_tiYocoag-cgtti)n, and numbers outside gathered round the doors and wind w 3 We had not been home 1 many minutes when we hendan unusual stir ouj-aphu's hill, and found the ila sham fight was in progress the Uiakuk men had posted thciu-cfyus round Ja. iplin'B house, and the position was assailed by, the Motor and Kinawanua men. The combatants were armed with reeds in hen of spears, and these flew thick and fast, giving a very good idea of what a real fight would be The sights of the warriors, and the dexterity disol dyed in avoiding the advancing spears was something remarkable AUorlmlf an hour's hard lighting the assailants were beaten off. and accomplished what a country man of mine would call "a masterly advance backwards," but when, a military jet dance, would be styled a retreat The next act on the programme was of chant and music dance by the Motor boys Dressed in leaves, and decorated with flowers, with a bunch ' of unions in each hand their get-up was very piCtureseme the movements of the dance a 0 graceful and pic rising, but the chant is monotonous, and after ten minutes you h iv 0 had enough of it just as we were beginning to many of it a diversion by us created by a masked attac U. on our is 1 ik An enemy was hidden in the ground, and the fountain It is, dressed in full march of costume, that is to say, discussed at huge masks and with Little axe and spear and g the regardless of expense in wanted window ish, went through. all the movements practiced in seeking 1 hidden to" the tt citcuteni,was as its height when the enemy was dr seized and taken prisoner But one of the attack mg par v w as taken prisoner at the same time, nail Mr D his had to pay to have the prisoners released Ihciemudit be sham that the fighting, but (hue v 1. no shall 1 about their expecting to be paid. Next followed the distribution of pie carts 1 inch y provided by friends at Brunswick street, Fitzroy Last of all came the feast, without which no "fathering the South Seas would be complete Every person in st st received a piece of bore (pork) with keen (nature head), cocoanuts, betel nuts, turnip, one and the crowd dispersed to their homes to talk over the events of the sky, and light the battles o'er again ' " This is the ninth church by 0 have openedduittig the last two months three being on Duke of York and six on New Britain and several others are in coin six or creeks, so you will see that our work is not standing still In other ways too we mark progress lheaoleonie are thorough utili- tarians in their creed Not seeing the utility of clothing in this sultry climate, they naturally declined to purchase it, and, as a consequence, it had at last to be given away, the missionary having great difficulty in inducing them to wear it even at that price But the times are changed Qnttt»u number have come lately with native produce to buy punt, which is sold to them undercoat once, and several have inquired for work to be paid for in cloth This fact, I think, speaks volumes when it is remembered that these Duke of York natives are the laziest in the whole y, 01 Id too lazy even to plant food for themselves " If any one wishes to see what those people were three or four years ago, he need but penetrate a mile or two into the inferior of the island, and he will come upon hundreds of people to whom tickets 13 only a name, who howsoever heard a sermon, nor seen a missionary, utterly degraded, totally destitute of clothing, and equally destitute of shame. Contrast these with the people who has come under the influence of the Mission, and the most casual observer will be struck with the improved condition of the latter, to sav nothing of the many evils as such have been put an end to the people dwell in peace, the arts of war are no longer cultivated, human life is respected, and cannibalism 13 a thing of the past, although still prevalent and) three or four miles away Fail, the cannibal butcher of it than times, he whose duty it was to cut up the human bodies, and whose appearance on the scene was the sign is for the by omen to fly till he had finished his horrible y» York, died last AYCck, and his office will never be revived "_ ' IIoAv Wr Sir G-iiosts-_ cor ie»por_cle_tt of the St James's Ga Uti, who signs himself " A Believer in Spirits," explains the theory A of ghosts in the following clear and explicit manner " A few evenings ago I was sitting in an ar ii-chair shortly before midnight, when I saw two ghosts-not Rimultu neously, but one after the other. I should state that during the day I had drunk nothing but a bottle of Bass's pale ale at luncheon, two glasses of brandy and soda water in the course of the afternoon, one bottle of burgundy and a half-bottle of sherry at dinner, and was "finishing up with a glass or two of w hi sky -and- water be- fore retiring to rest I was washing my third glass when I became conscious of a presence in the room Letting my eyes from the tumbler I distinctly saw my deceased father standing before me Ilisappeiiiancootattly resembled that which he bore in life, and, for getting for the moment that he yftiB no longer in existence, I expressed my pleasure at seeing him, and ventured to ask life not active Blight pecuniary assistance Almost before I had time to finish my request, the plants in, on whatever it was, hastily vanished, and another under ported by visitor appeared in the shape of one of my aunts, who died many years ago under rather instant holy circumstances to mg lost her late from the effects of injuries she received during ashoitsenfllo for a seat in a chapel with another old lady belonging, like herself, to a sect known, it I remember right, as the Yarmouth Bloaters, 01 some such name (my memory is not so good as it was formerly) however, there was my aunt, looking Had and stout as of old, and so perfect was the illusion that I almost instinctively asked her, as 1 and asked my father, for the loan of a few po inda To my surprise, also too made a hit ried departure, gliding, so far as I could make out, from the ninth to the anti-rou'-west comer of the room, and disappearing through the wall Oven borne by this second visitation I nor is to have been one insensible, for I remember nothing more , but my cook told me on the following morning that she heard the noise rib of a heavy body falling, about the time the ghosts apple tree. A chair was also found broken in the re ii nail some trifling articles of crockery were smashed." 