REMINISCENCES OF LONGFELLOW. A correspondent of the Times, who made the acquaintance of Mr. Longfellow at Naples, relates how the poet insisted on spending the night npon Mount Vesuvius alone. Without a smile on his face, he said, " I want to gather poetic impressions." We looked becomingly serious, and only begged to be permitted to keep watch with him. " No," with two or three shakes of the head;" 1 must he alone." A whispered consultation between some members of the party followed. "He is quite in earnest and must do as he pleases," said a brother of the fair Bostonians, and he added that there was no danger just then of the greatest of American poets meeting with the same fate as the Younger Pliny. " But brigands ?" suggested the Frenchman. "Dear me! he will catch such a dreadful cold," chimed in one of the ladies. Finally, we decided to leave the poet to his reveries, after ordering a Maltese courier to stand sentinel, unobserved, within hailing distance. It is probable that this courier fulfilled, at least, the half of his duties faith fully, for his presence was certainly never noticed by Mr. Longfellow. The author of "Excelsior" turned up in the morning, looking none the worse for his night's frolic with the ghosts of Herculaneum and Pompeii; but he persistently parried every question put to him as to whether he had found " inspiration." Ad he would say was that, on coming down from the moun tain, he had been requested by a gendarme to exhibit his passport, and being unable to produce this document, had been nearly marched off to the Police Station. " I pur chased my liberty for two lire," he remarked, Bmiling; "the price of that commodity has decreased since Coeur de Leon's time." Among other facts mentioned by the corre spondent, he states that on Longfellow being asked whether Paul Fleming in " Hyperion" was a character drawn from life, he paused a full half-minute, then answered—"He was what I thought I might have been; but I never . . . ." He shaded his face with one hand, and did not complete the sentence. Speaking of the " Golden Legend," he said, "The first draft I did in four weeks—not counting the Sundays—I don't like to work on Sundays—not even to write a hymn. But I spent about six months correcting and cut ting down." 