WESLEYAN ANNUAL CELEBRATION On Monday night a public anniversary meeting of members of the Wesleyan denomination was held in the Lecture Hall, Goldsmith- street. There were somewhat less than 200 persons, and on the platform were the Revs. R. Sellors, chairman; G. Martin, president of the New South Wales and Queensland- Conference; G. James, Mr. William Davies, and the members of the church choir. The proceedings commenced with the singing of the 857th hymn, and the Rev G. James offered up a prayer. J L. Hopkin's fine anthem; ''Lift up your Heads," was next well rendered by the choir, and the chairman addressed the meeting. He expressed himself as being very glad that they should all have met together to celebrate another Anniversary. He said it was 13 months since they held the last of these gatherings, and explained the delay. He considered these celebrations to be worthy of being classed among the moveable feasts referred to in the prayer book. He was proud to find the President of the Conference present that night. (Applause}). He did not intend to keep them listening to him about finances, he would leave that to the treasurer who would no doubt have a lot to say on that subject, but he could assure them of the continued prosperity and financial comfort. (Applause). Yet he did not mean by that to discountenance them from giving and giving as liberally as they could; only on Saturday a gentleman had come forward with a cheque for £10. He liked such things and would give them all the encouragement he could. (Laughter and applause.) He was glad to be able to say that they could pay 20s in the £. and hoped they would long continue to do so. Some people he knew could not even do that. He had to thank God for the continued enlargement of the congre gation and the schools, and for the spirit of prayer which was so abundantly being manifested. He was very pleased indeed to see his good friend, the Rev. G. James, present with them. (Applause) It was a matter for great congratulation. He felt deeply humbled that there were not more diligent workers for the master; but he felt thankful for those who were ever watching and working, and who would be found at their post of duty when the time came. He had to thank Mr. James for putting off his tea meeting from that to the follow- ing night, which he thought evidenced a very Christian spirit. He had to apologise for the absence of the Rev. R. Dyson, who had had to go to Gunning to assist the Rev. Mr. Bellhouse in connexion with his Church Sustentation meeting. The quartette party then sang Abbe Vagler's "Holy is the Lord our God " with excellent effect. Mr. .William Davies then read the following balance sheet : THE TREASURER IN ACCOUNT CURRENT WITH THE TRUSTEES, WESLEYAN CHURCH, GOULBURN. DR. To Rents, &c.; ... ... .. ... ... ... ... ... ... ...£15 12 0 " Tea-meeting and Lecture .. ... ... ... 22 6 6 " Organ Fund ..... ... .... .... .... .... ... 15 0 0 " Seat Rents ... .... ... ... ... ... .... ... .. 191 11 0 " Donations ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... .... 179 7 6 " Collections at Sabbath services ..... 601 10 6 " Bazaar ... ... ... .... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... 370 4 10 " Balance ... ... ... ... ... ... ... .... ... ... 2548 19 7 £3944 11 11 Cr. By balance, September 30, 1881 ... ... £2252 6 9 " Sundries ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... .. 32 13 9 " Gas Company's accounts ... ... ... ... .. 35 2 3 " Printing and advertising ... ... ... ... .. 17 3 0 " Municipal rates ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... 9 10 3 " Insurance ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... 23 10 6 " Chapel-keeper ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... 65 0 0 " Organist ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... .. 20 0 0 " Architect's Commission ... ... ... ... ... 23 0 0 " Interest on Loan and Bank ... . ... ... . 217 14 7 " Circuit Board ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... 206 9 0 " American Organ ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... 90 0 0 " Gallery, Furnishing, &c.; ... ... ... ... ... 575 13 8 " Bazaar Expenses ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... 32 5 8 " Land at North Goulburn ... .. ... ... ... 200 0 0 " Commission on Seat Rents ... ... ... .... 9 11 9 " Refund Connexional, &c.;, Collection .. 134 10 0 £3944 11 11 Oct. 31, 1882. Balance brought down ... £2548 19 7 Audited and found correct, the balance being £254819s 7d, R.SELLORS W. S FOXALL, C.S. E. & O. E. Goulburn, WILLIAM DAVIES, Treasurer. He referred to the balance sheet which, he said, showed the church to be out of debt. All owing upon the church had been paid off, and now he hoped that as the gallery ghost had been scotched they would merit the long desired pardon. (Applause) He said the amount paid away this time seemed exceptionally heavy, and that was owing to the fact of there being 2 October's in this year, and so there were several accounts to be met, as it were twice in the year, and there were 5 quarters. He considered the condition of the trust highly satis- factory. He thought whatever was yet owing could be paid off without any further special appeals. He said the collection had increased 50 per cent, and there had been £600 collected from all sources last year. The pew rents had also increased 20 to 25 per cent, and that showed the need for the gallery. (Applause.) It showed that the congrega- tion both desired and demanded increased accommo- dation. But yet he would like them to remember that there were yet pews to let. If it were not so there would soon be a demand for a new church. Some people considered the investment of £200 in the piece of land at North Goulburn rash. But it was really not so, although some persons had con- siderately removed the fence for firewood. He said there could be no doubt that while there was no reason for having a new school, there yet was ample room for another sabbath-school (applause), and it was for the purpose of erecting one there that the land had been secured. He said during the year there had been 200 new scholars (applause) and all would admit that, although a nice place, this room was not large enough. There were 427 scholars and 31 teachers and officers (applause); and on one occasion there were no less than 378 children present (applause). He considered the school should be considered an integral part of the church, and not merely an adjunct. (Applause.) He said the time was not far distant when they would have to reseat the whole room. These seats were only intended for church purposes, to keep the church goers awake (laughter); they were not now suitable for school children. To have the school at all it must be efficient, and we want four more class room. (Mr. Sellors : Then build four more.) An expenditure of this kind would be found the best investment of the year. Then he wanted to remove that ugly fence (applause), and erect a suitable palisading. The old posts and rails had done their work. In reference to the increased congregation he thought it must be a source of great pleasure. He did not mean to disparage their predecessors, but he thought there was much of this attributable to the efforts of the present incumbents. (applause) He was glad to see so many of the old congregation and so many new faces. He had also to congratu- late the choir. (Applause.) He considered, then, that taken altogether the Wesleyans were a very respectable lot of people. (Laughter and Applause ) He said that Methodism would never die. During the past 12 months they had had much trouble and hindrance, but by the help of God they had weathered it, and had become an established fact. We had made a place and meant to stay here. He hoped, as with Mr. James, all others would come and shake us by the hands. He invited all to pay as liberally as they could, and there would be no more special appeals. He concluded by referring to the progressiveness of the Sabbath Schools and the value of the bazaar. He moved that the report he adopted. Mr. Martin seconded the motion, and it was carried. The Misses Foxall then sang Millard's duet, "Now when the Dusky Shades of Night," very pleasingly. The Rev. G. James said it was very pleasant on occasions like the present to be able to report pro- gress. When work had been accomplished in the cause of their divine master, God' s people may well rejoice. The financial statement to which they had just listened was of the most gratifying character, and it was also a cause for thankfulness that they had done so well spiritually. Although he was not a Wesleyan, he was a Methodist, and while he rejoiced at the progress of every section of the Christian church as a Methodist, it was natural that the progress of the family to which he claimed a relation should give special delight. If he did not share their glory, he was a partaker of their joy. He was present and took part in the service held in connection with the laying of the foundation stone of their spacious and beautiful church, and now, after the flight of many years, it was to him a pleasure to be present at their anni- versary celebration. He hoped that the prosperity with which they had been blest during the past year would continue. It would not be seemly on his part to say anything to them on the matter of giving. Methodist people ought thoroughly to understand their duty in that respect. They had ample opportunities for learning that it was more blessed to give than to receive. There was no oc- casion for them to ask as one of whom they read in the good book, "What shall I do, 1 have no room where to bestow my goods?" If there were any present in that perplexity he would advise them to confer with the trustees, and they would soon relieve them of their perplexity. There may be some who could not do much in the way of giving, but all Christians could be useful in the church. Their gifts may not be shining - their talents may be few; but they may act so as to ensure the commendation - " Well done, good and faithful servant;" the race was not always to the swift, nor the battle to the strong - that had been illustrated in the history of God's people; the walls of Jericho came crashing down at the sound of rams horns, and the shout of the people, the flashing of lamps, and the blast of trumpets, mingled with the shout, "the Sword of the Lord and of Gidion," spread a panic through the camps of the Midianites and the Amalikites. The giant from Gath was slain by a stone thrown from a youthful shepherds' sling, "for the battle was the Lord's." Every Christian was surcharged with power; his presence, his words, his habits, were all influential. A consistent Christian could not live in vain; holiness of life was potent and irresistable. Elaborate arguments, logical deductions, and learned treatises on Christian doctrine, were all doubtless important and useful but one of the great wants of their churches was a fuller consecration of the heart and life to the service of the Master. They wanted also more faith in God, more faith in the Bible. Discovery and invention would never have succeeded in the absence of faith. They doubtless lived in times of mental unrest, but they may rest assured that truth would hold her own. The arguments of some against the Bible were very astonishing. He was reminded by some of them. of a man who had been con- victed of murder. When asked by the judge what he had to say, replied, "Well, your honour, there are only six who have sworn they saw me kill him. I can bring five hundred who will swear they did not see me." It is needless to say that the evidence of eye witnesses prevailed, and so we may judge of the truth of Christianity by its effects. " We live in sad times, David," said an old Scotch lady to an elder of the Church. "Why so Janet ?" Do you not know the science men and others are holding public meeting to put out the sun, the moon, the stars of our Christian firmament to leave us in the dark." "Never you fear," said David, " if ye live till the do it, you will never pass through the valley of the shadow death." They should live in faith, pray in faith, preach in faith. "For all things are possible to him that believeth. The quartette party next gave Franz Abt's "O Lord, Most Holy" capitally. The Rev. G. Martin, of Sydney, the President of the New South Wales and Queensland Confer- ence, who was received with loud and prolonged applause, then addressed the meeting. He said he had been much given to the study of scientific pursuits, and in the course of his reading he had acquired a number of illustrations which it would not be inappropriate to introduce now. He said, in reference to Mr. James' idea of amalgamation, that it was what a great many no doubt would like. But he remembered reading of a battle be- tween two little insects in a tank of water, in which one was completely swallowed by the other; but by steady perseverance, little by little, the one swallowed managed to eat its way out again. And that might be the case with us under the circum- stances suggested by Mr. James. (Laughter and applause.) He said there was much in what was called the association of ideas. Now he remem- bered that about 22 or 23 years-ago - he could not help thinking that the Goulburn people were long- suffering and kind - he came to them a raw sort of youth, and he must have given them some very undigested food indeed. But he was very glad indeed to see so many of the old faces remaining and yet so many new ones around him, and the young people were the life of the church to day. When he left England 24 or 25 years-ago to come out here, the people all said he would never get here; but yet he had arrived and had worked, and hoped, if God spared him, to work still more. (Applause.) He was extremely pleased with the congregation of the evening of the previous day, and especially with that of the morning. He remembered a story of a minister whose congregations, of a night were always good, but who never could get a good morning one. At last he devised a plan by singing the evening hymn at the morning service, and awoke his congregation to a sense of their position and his morning con- gregations were always better. (Laughter and applause.) We must keep pace with the time and rise with the tide, as do ships upon the stream and sea. Then we should gain prosperity and success. We have had a severe drought of late, and things have been excessively unpleasant: but yet in spite of all, God has seen us through the trouble, and blessed us with prosperity; and in this general prosperity we have had a share (applause). He referred to the noble work of the Church Susten- tation Fund, and he thanked God for the good it has been able to accomplish (applause.) He was pleased to see the young English clergyman coming out here. They were exactly the young men we wanted, and they could do a great deal of good, both in the church and among the people. He was reading in the London Times of the lessons to be learned from the late Egyptian war, and he thought many of them worth repeating. One was the value of trained men. All knew of their success in the various battles. It was not the quantity but the quality of the soldier which was the more impor- tant. (Applause.) And such we wanted to fight our battles and become soldiers of the cross. (Ap- plause.): He could not look at the church and church work without seeing how we must be upon the watch always. We must recognise the advan- cing signs of the age--the spread of education -- when now all can learn at least to read and write. Things there were which were unchangeable, but others which were changeable. Among the former was the Lord, and of the latter were the wonders of certain parts of Nature. The true symbol of the church is man. We must look upon this as an age of doubt and scepticism - of inquiry born of intellects, of the pride of the human mind, and when the tide comes we must rise with it. (Ap- plause.) It is an age of liberalism as well, though. But this doubt is invading our very homes; it comes upon us in our papers and magazines, and we must compete with it - we must meet it, we cannot avoid it. And so must not meet it like the ostrich by putting our heads in a hole and thinking because we do not see it we are unseen. (Applause.) He remembered hearing of the Rev. Mr. Dellenger (a college mate of the chairman), who knew how to meet this doubt. He sometimes received as many as 300 letters in a day from young men asking him to satisfy their doubts. He did not put them aside - no, he answered every one care- fully and conscientiously, and had the happiness of knowing that he had set many a young man's doubts at rest for ever, (applause), and this was what he found was done in the times of Paul and John -- they wisely set doubts at rest. (Applause). There were some doubts about the Salvation Army. But it did one good thing. It showed it was possi- ble to go down into the slums and back places and shed the light of Christ upon those in darkened places and amid vice. (Applause) There is yet another lesson to be learned from the Egyptian war. While there were heavy ships and big arms and all the appliances of modern war fare, yet it was not all long shots which won the day. No, there was hand to hand fighting as well, and this was unexpected. So with us. We will not always get long shots, we must expect and prepare for hand-to-hand fighting. (Applause) He would conclude by telling them a parable about the watch. A man was once asked what constituted a good watch, and he was informed it was neither the case nor the face, but the good works inside and that is just what is wanted in the Church of Christ. (Loud and prolonged applause). The choir next sang the anthem " O Worship the Lord " Votes of thanks then were accorded to the President, the choir, the chairman, and the pro- ceedings terminated with the doxology pronounced by the President. 