OUR DEFENCES. A FEELING appears to exist that the Russian squadron people are here in the capacity, some way or other, of spies; that, whilst they are amongst us, they are fathoming our waters, gauging our powers of defence, and taking notes of our resources. Undoubtedly they must learn a great deal incidentally, and it is not to be supposed that they will abstain from making inquiries into every thing concerning our circumstances generally. What they learn they will carefully record, and it is undeniable that these records might be made use of to our disadvantage hereafter. But Russia is not the only nation that has flying squadrons dashing about over the wide waters o£ tlve world. The officers of those English ships, in which the royal prince3 are being taught geography in the most practicable manner possible, keep their eyes open in their visits to strange countries, and we may be sure that the vessels of war of no nation enter foreign ports without gaining some information that might prove valuable in time of war. But the knowledge thus obtainable cannot be locked up, even if the nations were to agree to close their harbors against all foreign navies. If Russia or any other power were desirous of learning everything about Australia that would facilitate a hostile descent upon its shores at some opportune period, it would not be necessary and scarcely politic to aiake a parade cf such intentions. Our ports are open to all nations, and there is nothing to prevent any foreign Government from sending skilled and scientific men amongst us to spy out j the nakedness of the land, who may remain just as long as it may suit their purposes, and find the means and opportunities of ascertaining all they are sent to learn concerning us. Admiral Aslanbegofi' has acquired considerable colonial experi ence, with regard to which he will report " officially of course" to his Govern ment. But it would be a pretty safe wager to take that they already know quite as much as he can communicate. The fact is, it may be surmised, that the Buss is desirous of providing some portions of his naval arma ment with the means of active service. It is just as well for war ships in commission to be away at sea, wlien they are not wanted at home. Their capabilities are thus tested, and the seamanship of their officers and crews, which might otherwise grow rusty is improved. At any rate, we can only accept the inevitable. We have no power to keep out the stranger, powerful and even danger ous though ho may be, when ho comes to us in friendly guise, and in time of peace; and if we had that power it would be unwise to exercise it, unless we were fully prepared to meet the consequences of a provoked hostility. If Russia lla3 any sinister designs in sending down her ships of war to re connoitre our coasts, she will not attempt to carry them into effect unless sho should become involved in war with England. That, it may bo granted, is amongst the possi bilities of even the early future. The lesson to be learned, therefore, is simply this, that no time should be lost, nor expense spared in increasing our means of defence against invasion. A Supplement is published with this morn ng's issue, LIGHTING THE CITY.—At the meeting of the couucil yesterday, Cr. Joseph moved that the Bendigo Gas Company be communicated with relative to the high rate charged the City Coun- cil for gas. The motion was carried, and the Town Clerk was instructed to bring under the notice of the company the rates at which the corporations of Ballarat and Melbourne are charged, Cr. Joseph next read a letter which be had received from Mr. H. B. Moore, secre- tary of the Electric Light Company, Melbourne, showing the advantage of that light over gas, and expressing his confidence that before long the gas companies would be made aware of the fact. At a later period of the mteting a motion by Cr. Sterry was carried that the city surveyor report upon the practicability of the experiment of lighting Pall Mall with the electric light, using the Big Hill race as a motive power, m« Mayor at the same time remarking that they would be next wanting Professor Ellery to superintend operations. AUDACIOUS THIEVES.—An impudent attempt at theft in the street was made by two men in High-street, about two o'clock on Thursday afternoon. A lady was walking along the foot path, opposite the vacant land near Shoit street, carrying by her side in ber left hand a parcel of drapery, and on one of the fingers hung a reticule, with a velvet hand, containing money aud some papers. One of the fellows walked ou the right hand side of the lady, and b" pretending to be intoxicated endeavored to keep her &ttijl;!tjp!i fixed on him, while his mate cautiously approached and partially cut the band of the reticule. The street was almost deserted at tho time, but a man some distance behind observed tlia auspicious movements of the fellows and called out, on whioh they im mediately decamped without succeeding in their impudent attempt at pilfering. The lady wsa oopsjderably alarmed on seeing the men rushing away and ascertaining the reason. MR. ROBERT STRICKLAND.—The many friends of Mr. Robert Strickland, district coroner, will be pleased to le^ru that lie has almost com Dletcu recovered from the elfects of the blood poisoning, wnso nearly coat him l.-is life. For some time past nc been enjoying a change of air at the seaside artd hG3 greatly beuefited. He has resumed duty, and has notified the fact to the department and the police throughout the district. DEFRAUDING THE RAILWAY DEPARTMENT.— The following is an instance of the "sound commercial principles " on which the Victorian Railways are worked:—According to the latest innovation, at all intermediate stations along the lines one porter is supposed to be able to do two or threo men's work. As the tickets are issued from tho delivery windows a porter who stands at the station door clips them, and the passenger pasoeB on and gets into either a first or second-class carriage, just as he !ik»s. Ou Wednesday last some persons returning from the Rochester races wero observed to take a dishonest advantage r.f the opportunitj'. They purchased second-class tickets for Sandhurst. As they passed through tho station door the porter clipped their tickets, and the parties in question got into a iirst-olass carricrre and locked the doors. They travelled to Sandhurst, and on reaching the platform opened the doors and walked out. Their tickets were collected at the gate aB they wont outside the harriers. Thus no one connected with the department knew whether or not second-class passengers had travelled firBt-class. Another method of swindling practised by unusually smart persons is to climb over the small fences at the terminus of au up-country platform, take seats in first class carriages, get out at the next station, and ou the completion of the journey again make off over the fences. THE SANDHURST TO HEATHCOTE RAILWAY.— It is satisfactory to note that preliminary steps are about to be taken towards the construction of the Sandhurst and Heathcote railway. Yes- terday a party of Government surveyors arrived from lnglewood, and struck their camp pegs on the banks of the Upper Grassy Flat reservoir. Tiioy will, we are informed, commence the sur vey at once, beginning at the Sandhurst end and continuing on towards Heathcote. THE PICKWICK CLUB —This favorite club, after a short recess, intend taking the boards of the Royal Princess' Theatre again on the 15th March next, the occasion being a joint benefit to two widows, viz., Mrs. Skilbeck, whose hus- band recently met his death through an acci- dent at Sebastian, and Mrs. Morrison, of Bridge- street, and are both in almost destitute circum- stances. The piece chosen for representation is Robertson's well-known comedy "School." The play will be mounted iu the very beat style, aud every attention will bo paid to details. Irrespective of the talents of the club, tho ob ject should in itself bs the maans of filling the theatre. A .Missing lio",'.—On Monday last a boy named Krue3t Rainbow', years of age, residing at Long Gully, went away from home, aud, despite the efforts of his parents, no tidings have siuce been gained of him. He appears to be a most determined youngster, as he signified his intention to run away on account of a summons being served ou his mother, at the inst&uci; of the truant officer, for neglecting to send him to school. Ak Offensive Drain.—Notwithstanding its proximity to tho assembling place of our city authorities, the drain which runs past the Town Hall, on the City Market side, i3 at times one of tho most foul smelling in this city. The drain evidently receives attention at times, but in quiry should certainly be made with a view of ascertaining the sourco of the stuff which flows down it, and which emits BUoh unwholesome odour?. Death from Parturition—Our travelling reporter says - A very sad Case of death occurred on Thursday at Fernihurst, Mrs. George Birkin, wife of a well known selector there, being the deceased. It appears that Mrs Birkin was confined of twins the day previously, one being still-born, and notwithstanding all thai could be done for her she expired on tho day named, leaving besides the newly-born infant three other helpless little children. Deceased was only 28 years of age, and she and her husband were greatly respected. Tiikkk was no business yesterday at the Saudhurst Warden's Court. The Escaped Prisoner.—Up to a late hour lest night tbo escaped prisoner, Caleb Levvi9, had not been re-arreated. It is believed that ha is kept in hiding at a friend's place until the esoitemsut has Bomewbat papsed over, and that then he will make a move to get cfear'away." ' Tub Alexandra Fountain.—A yo-jd deal of dissatisfaction exiiis iu consequence of the unfinished Htate of the Alexandra fountain. The fault, however, does not lie with the City Council, as many seem to suppose, but the real cause of the delay is the difficulty experienced in constructing the combined iron lamp posts and drinking fountains. The iron- founders both in Sandhurst and in Melbourne have been so pressed with work of late, that they have displayed no inclination to tender on terms considered reasonable. The work has, therefore, been allowed to rest for awhile. The walk surrounding the basin of the foun- tain will not be asphalted until after the foun- tains have been placed in position. Regarding the fountain itself, the granite of the upper basin, and portion of the supporting column has been stained whitfl by soiuc substance which has been washed over by the llow of water. These stains should, if possible, be removed. Some of the jets do not aet properly, and it has been suggested that if the vertical jet in the extreme top were to be forced through ^ a smaller aperture, it would be more eflective than at present. DEATH OF MRS. TEAGUE.—Hereunder we give particulars of the death of Mrs. Teague, wife of Councillor Teague and ex-Mayor of Raywood. The lady who has met with such an untimely end was almost a native of Sandhurst, and was a sister of Mr. John Ellison, solicitor, of View Poiut, and of Mr. Thomas Ellison manager of the local branch of the Commercial Bank. The funeral will take place this morn ing at 10 o'clock. Our local correspondent writes It is with much regret I have to announce that Mrs. Teague, who was so severely injured as reported in yesterdays issue, expired the same morning a few minutes before six o'clock. Much sympathy upon his sad bereavement is felt for Mr. J. Teague by the whole of the inhabitants, and very heavy loss of property sustained. He has also himself suffered much injuries about the head, hands, and one foot by burns received in rescuing his wife. A magisterial inquiry was beld yesterday afternoon by Mr. Sullivan, J.P. at Gunn's Hotel, and the following evidence was taken:— John Teague deposed that his deceased wife was 43 years of ago. She was in good health up to the time of this sad disaster, which happened about half-past one on the morning of the 9th. He retired to rest as usual and had been in bed an hour and half, when he awakened by a loud noise of cracking in the adjoining room, in which the deceased was. He then saw that the partition wall of the room was on fire, and at once aroused his family, and immediately rushed to his wife's room, but found tho door fastened. Mr. Teaguo at once burst it in and saw her lying on the bed and the bed and the whole of the room on fire. He at once dashed to and got hold of her, and drew her out. The witness did not think more than a minute elapsed from the time he saw the danger till he drew his wife out. The children escaped without injury. He was of opinion that the fire might have originated owing to his wife placing a lighted caudle on the dressing table without a candlestick, which might ultimately have burnt down, or fallen. Estimated his monetary loss at £500, and was not insured, Luciuda Teague, daughter of tho deceased corroborated the evidence of her father. Dr. Hierons also stated that everything possible was done to alleviate the sufferings of the deceased up to the arrival of Dr. Hugh Boyd, from Sandhurst, who advised her removal to Sandhurst Hospital the same evening, but it was found that it would be useless to do so as the deceased sank and died at a quarter to six o'clock on the following morning. A verdict was returned that the cause of death was nervous exhaustion caused by burns. Tiie Intercolonial Cricket Match.—The 28th intercolonial contest between Victoria and New South Wales, commenced yesterday at Sydney, promises to result iu very heavy scoring. The New South Wale3 batsmen have already, l with only three wickets down, scored a larger number of runs than ha3 ever been scored by either colony sinoe the inauguration of tbe matches in 1S5G, and their total for the first innings premises to be one of colossal proportions. The t°tal at the end of the day was 350 for the loss of three wickets. Murdoch had made the magnificent score of 1S3, not out, and Jones was also not out with 0-1. The Victorians severely felt the absence of Allan and Edwards. The match will be resumed to-day. A Racing Performance. — At the Moama races yesterday, the three principal events on the pro grame, viz., the Maiden, the Hurdle, and Moama Handicap, were won by the same horse, Artful Joe. The same horse was also successful in the Hurdle Race at Rochester, on Wednesday last. An Artistic; Production.—We have had a sight of another of those art efforts on the part of Mr. Frederic da Kock, and can pronounce it superior to anything of tiie kind yet seen in Sandhurst, and perhaps not to he surpassed in the colony. It is designed for presentation to Bishop Craue on his leavipg Sandhurst next Wednesday for Melbourne on his voyage to Rome. Of the letter- press, also by Mr. ICock we will not apeak further tli&u; that iu the illuminated portions, as, for instance, the namo atjd title of the bishop, the colors and forms are brought out iu a manner pleasing even to tho least educated eye. The em bellishments on the broad margins of the address are, however, tbe be.ct style of art, (lowers and ferns painted from nature, each one of the flowers recognisable at a glance, and Australian varieties not forgotten. These, with ' beautifully worked out miniature'land scapes, lioraau Catholic emblomsjand insignia make up a pictijre delightful to look ujiqq in itself, irresoep.tive altogether of the purpose for wbioh it is Intended. This work of art, for it is by not any means a formal pieqe of oopyiug, only too often seen on similar occasions—will be on view to-day in the window of Messrs, Taylor Bros,, of Pali Mall. Departure of Mr. and Mrs. Samuel.— We understand that Mr, Morris Samuel accom panied by Mrs. Samuel, will leave next Tnes. day. They leave these shores by tho Nor thumberland, tor an extended tour through the old world. The friends of b'>th Mr. and Mrs. Samuel will wish them ion voyage, aud a pleasant trip, whilst-,tho many recipients of Mrs, Samuel charitable bestowments will, doubtless, \dsh then) tha same with a speedy return. Railway Workmen's Ball.—Tho nooounta for tho ball at Sebastian, given by the workmen on the E-iglehawk and Mitiamo railway line in aid of tbe Beudigo Hospital, have boeu made up. The receipts were £14 'Is., and tho expenditure only £1 4s., leaving a net profit of £13. Water at Derby,— Our travelling reporter aay3 ._A most valuable disoovery of water was made this (Friday) morning at Derby, near the railway station, where> with a water-borer, svater was structc at a depth of 1\2 foet. It was of most excellent quality, and iu five minutes rose 5 feet in the bore, St. Kjljan's Pro-Cathedral. —The cere monies here to-morrow will be unusually interesting. Tho Bishop, who will leave Sand hurst on Wednesday for Europe, will celebrate High Mass at eleven o'uluok, Haydn's Imperial Mass will be rendered by a full choir. Iu the evening Father Crane, whose sermons have always beon listened to with pleasure, will preach after vespers. To add to the solemnity of tho occasion Lord Abbot Alcock, tho only mitred Abbot in Australia, will be preseut and officiate during the A iy. ASeasosable Sermon.—In Chalmers'Church to-morrow evening, the Rev. i\ L. Ick will preach a discourse ouitable to the times. Tho suhject will be—-" A rod f.ir the fools' back, or larrikins and the Ush," Young men, parents, and guardians are specially invited. Careless Driving.—A few days back a paragraph appeared in these columus calling attention to the very careleBS manner in which woodcarters acted whilst iu oiiarge of their teams, especially on the Lock wood road. It will no doubt bo learnt with pleasure by those having to travel on that road that the superin tendent of polioe hss given instructions that the woodca?ters bo watched, and prosecuted I whenever found negligent whilst driving. The Loko Gully Baths on Sunday's.—A deputation waited on the City Council yesterday to have the Long Gully Baths closed for a few hours on Sundays against children, a;i the opening of the baths ou Sunday afternoon inter fered with the attendance at the Sunday schools. After a short discussion it was decided to close the hatha from half-past eight iu the morning till five o'clock iu the afternoon on Sundays, so far as regards boys under fourteen years of ago, Cr. Joseph opposed the proposition altogether. He saw uo reason why the baths should be closed at all. He considered that the boys would be all the better for plenty of bathing, and cited in suppCt of his contention the proverb about "cleanliness beinc ■><*' to godliness." Traffic Rf.tciik.-j.—The Victorian P.ilJways traffic returns for the week ending 2nd. Feb., show the following results, the number of miles open being 1,203, as against 1,190 for the corres ponding period of 1831:—No. of passengers, 1SS2—li3S 473. Total returns for week ending "nd Feb £3S 227 2s Gd; for the correspond ing week of 1SS1, £33,203 9s Gd. Aggregate to date from 1st July, £1.008.425 Us 2d; for corresponding period in 18S1, £91S,477 19s 1(M. Weekly average (31 weeks)—18S2, £3'-, 3-9 17s Id; 1881. £29,028 63 5d. Billiards —During the summer months a pleasant retreat c-an be obtained at tho billiard room in connection with the Shamrock hotel. I nis room is situated beneath the hotel, and during the hottest day this teasou the temperature did not exceed 05 degrees. Tim proprietor Botifli; in our advertising columns t!lat billu. ds •will be ohsrged at aispanco a gamo (luring The Embezzlement Case.—The man John Kmsrson, lately employed a? traveller and collec tor for tho Lyceum Mutual Store Company, wan yesterday, at the Police Court, committed tor trial on tho charge of embezzling moneys be longing to tho company. He was committed on two different charges, and bail was allowed iu each case; two sureties of £50 and tho pri soner in £MQ. Bail was forthcoming. Death of Mrs. James Andrew. - We re- gret to announce the death of the wife of our respected townsman, Mr. James Andrew, auctioneer. The deceased lady was ill for about a fortnight, suffering from congestion of the bowels and bronchitis. She was attended by Dr. Hugh Boyd, who did all that medical skill could do, but she rapidly sank and expired yester- day. She was only 28 years of age, and leaves behind her a numerous family. The funeral will leave Mr. Andrew's residence, Pike-street, Quarry Hill, at half-past three o'clock to-morrow afternoon for the Sandhurst Cemetery. The V.R.C. Autumn Meet.—As the time for the holding of the autumn meeting of the V. R. C. draws nearer, more interest is being taken in the principal events to be run for. The Australian Cup, the Newmarket Handicap, and the St. Leger have each numerous entries, but the interest in the latter event will bo lessened on account of the disqualification of Mr. De Mestrc'd nominations, which included the best performers of the season. Saunterer is much fancied for the Cup, while Suwarrow, Hesperian, Boa worth, First Water, Royal Maid, The Czar, aud Ween are in good request for the same event. For the Newmarket Handicap, Surrey, Aspen, Tumult, and The Ghost are each well supported. Several books, straight out and doubles, have been opened locally, and, com paratively speaking, very liberal odds are offered. In our advertising columns Mr. J. Sullivan, of McCrae-street, intimates that he has a double-book on the Cup and Newmarket Handicap, and offers £50 to os. on the double if not previously laid. Concert in St. Kilian's Hall.—On Wednes day evening next, a concert will be given in St. Kilian's Hall in aid of the prize and library fund of the Christian Doctrine Society. A good programme has been prepared for the occa sion. The Weather.—The weather yesterday was again warm, but towards evening a strong southerly breeze sprung up, and the night was delightfully tiue. Judging from tho moderate weather experienced during the last week or ten days, it would appear that the period of greatest heat has been passed. The beginningofthis month ia usually the warmest part of the season, but the days lately have been nicely interspersed with agreeable changes, and there certainly has been no reason to oomplain greatly of the severity of thesummer so far. Thelthermometer at Messrs. Joseph and Co.'s, Pall Mall, registered in the shado :—9 a.m., 77°; 12 a.m., 90°; 2 p.m., 98°; C p.m., S3°j maximum, 99°; minimum, G5°. Barometer—9 a.m., 29°540; 6 p.m., 29°450. 