EL DORADO REDIVIVUS. It is not so very long since the El Dorado was a very great place. It is not at all impossible that it will become a very great place again. The great stores of gold at Reid's Creek and the Woolshed were not stopped at these places. That a great deal of gold went down the creek is evident from the way which all the claims at Sebastopol, Na poleon Flat and the El Dorado paid in the first instance, in spite of the excep tional difficulties which had to be en countered, in the way of several runs of water in very loose drift. As a matter of fact, the El Dorado was a mine of wealth so long as it was worked on what we might call the co-operation principle. There was always a number of men there, chiefly from Cornwall, who tho roughly understood the business of deep sinking and driving in difficult ground, Had they, themselves, combined to work the creek, we believe most of them would be there now. But each head man being, as it were, ambitions of a claim for himself, labor had to be employed ; and this running up to £2 10s, and even £3, a week, no ordinary returns could stand it. A great deal of money came out of Beechworth, and not a few pounds out of Melbourne and Bal larat, in support of these claims ; but the excitement was to a great extent a fictitious one. The Ovens Gold and Tin Company was started below what we may call the legitimate claims, and below that again we had the Great Extended, with a tre mendous flourish, and, perhaps, the most magnificent machinery which ever ap peared in this district. Before these two last claims had utterly failed, they com menced boring down the creek. We forget what became of the Golden Lake bore ; but we do remember that the Good Hope, lower down, in which Mr Donald Fletcher took a leading part, was put down 400 feet, not on the gutter, as neither gold nor tin was sufficiently indicated. The present proposition is to go in below what used to be called "The Falls," where the bottom rock suddenly fell nearly 100 feet. The idea is to work the ground between McEvoy's and Kneebone's old claims and we are credibly informed that the main shaft in one of these claims is still perfect as to timbering and that the timber in some of the drives has lasted in a wonderful manner. We think it is worth trying. At the time the claims were given up at El Dorado tin was worth no more than about £30 a ton on the ground. It would now be worth about £80. It is the opinion of the late managers of the McEvoy claim that the tin alone would pay the whole expenses of the claim and according to present prices that seems likely. At all events, the venture appears a good one, especially for Beechworth, as the El Dorado and Beechworth are so intimately connected that the prosperity of the one means the prosperity of the other. If one claim alone were started at El Dorado and kept persistently going, time would tell how far further we might go down the creek ; but that there is a great lead there, of gold and tin too, we have not the slightest doubt. Accident to the Rev. Father Eng lish. — A few days ago the Rev. Father English, of Wangaratta, was riding along the Estcourt-road, on his way to Boorba- man. Along the road there are dams be- longing to the Alessrs Docker, placed there by them for the public accommodation. Father English approached one of these dams, for the purpose of giving his horse a drink, having no idea that it was at least- ten feet deep. He therefore allowed his horse' to step into it, and the animal fell, throwing its rider off and falling upon him. Luckily, however, the horse made an attempt to rise, which was successful, and thus the rev. gentleman was enabled to reach terra firma, and the animal also managed to get out of the dam. The Tarrawingee Sludge Channel. — It will be necessary for the Beechworth United Shire Council to take up imme diately their portion of this work. The sludge coming down is now filling up the upper portion of the channel, and in order to make the undertaking complete it must be taken back towards Everton, where the fall of country will ensure the sludge being thoroughly carried away. The Everton Ball. — The ball held in the Victoria Hall, Everton, on Monday evening last was in every respect the most successful gathering of the kind ever held in the locality. There were 120 couples present, comprising visitors from Beech worth, Tarrawingee, Wangaratta, Albury and even Melbourne. . For the first set thirty-two couple tripped the light fantas tic toe to excellent dance music provided by a band under the leadership of Mr Hollister. The arrival of twenty-four couple by the 10 p.m. train from Wan garatta served to fill the spacious hall, which was gaily and tastefully decorated for the occasion with flags, evergreens and pictures. The supper-table was laid in a large marquee adjoining, erected for the purpose, and came in for a considerable share of attention, both on account of the dainties and delicacies it was laden with, and the attractive manner in which they were displayed, which reflected great credit upon the taste of Host and Hostess Vandenberg and their assistants. Among the nu merous good things comprising the edibles were jellies, confections and fruit of all descriptions, supplied by Mr Bloomer, of Bright. The fruit was really magnifi cent, including bunches of grapes weighing from one to four pounds each, and apples turning the scale at half a pound. Alessrs Price, AlcAliece and G. Henley, with the other members of the committee, worked energetically to promote the success of the gathering. Some excitement was caused by the falling of the chandelier in the centre of the halL The flame of one of the lamps being rather high, in the endeavor to lower it, the screw being hot, Mr Lee burned his fingers and caught hold of the centre of the chandelier with his left hand, with the result that it fell to the floor, without, however, injuring any person — which was a miracle, as there were about forty couple dancing at the time. The cry of " Fire" created great alarm among the inmates of the building, the lighted kerosene running over the floor making and a great blaze ; but the pre sence of mind of several gentlemen pre sent prevented a serious conflagration, as they obtained blankets from one of the hotel bedrooms and beat out the flames. After clearing up the broken glass, Ac., danciug was resumed and kept up with greatspirit until 6.30 on Tuesday morning, when the up-train from Beechworth con veyed visitors from Wangaratta, Tarra wingee and El Dorado homewards, thoroughly satisfied with their night's en joyment. The Moyhu Mail Conveyance. — A correspondent of the " Wangaratta Dis patch" writes : — On Friday, as Miss O'Reilly, the teacher of State-school No. 1335, was proceeding to Beechworth to spend her Easter holidays with her friends, the horse fell down between Moyhu and Oxley, and precipitated the driver and Alias O'Reilly on to the "road, but for tunately neither was hurt any more than a fright and a slight shaking. This, how ever, is not the first accident that has hap pened with this trap, which is a two- wheeled one, and by no means a credit to the owner, and long ere this should be cast away as dangerous and unsuitable. A German, some short time ago, while rid ing in this trap got a nasty fall through the seat of the trap turning backward. He fell out behind and broke some of his ribs between the back and front of the trap. The passengers to and from Moyhu have a rough time of it, I presume, and at the smoothest times it is nearly equal to a seat on a buck -jumper. While Messrs Craw ford and Co. had the contract for the mails to and from Moyhu passengers were accommodated with a very respectable trap, but it is very different now.: Coursing. — The nomination3j for the Milawa Coursing Stakes will take place at the Commercial Hotel, Mlilawa, on Satur day, 15th unit., and ihe drawings will take place the same night. Licenses Cancelled — James Feely; 220a, Everton ; Phillip Theriey, 20a, Stanley. Grant Approved.— Henry ; Hughes, 90a, Barnawartha. . Thorpe, the Defaulter. — The case of the defaulting bank clerk Charles Thorpe was brought before the Cabinet on Wed nesday. A promise was given some weeks ago to the prisoner's friends by the Solici tor-General that the case should be sub mitted to the Cabinet, with the view of considering whether the Governor-iii- Council ought to be moved in the case and a reduction of sentence obtained for Thorpe. After due and careful considera tion. states the " Age," the (Cabinet de termined that there were no grounds to warrant any interference on- the part of the Government with, the sentence passed upon Thorpe at his trial. The Price of Wheat.— The price of wheat in Wangaratta oh Wednesday was no less than fis Id per bushelthe -highest price reached for. a great number of years, and which. pieans 30s per are --added to the value of land. The farmers are in high spirits ; for the prospects of next year look particularly good, as they will have an incentive to put in a larger acreage of crop. The storekeepers in the Borough state that there isa noticeable improve- ment business since the last fall of rain, and money is becoming more plenti ful. Mining Mem. — The Chiltern Valley Consols Company have bottomed their fourth bore at 273ft. They are not yet in wash. Preparations are making for another bore. Contracts Accepted. — The following tenders have been accepted by Govern ment : — Erection of State-school, &c.;, Byawatha — - John Game!, £241 10s ; weatherboarding, repairs, &c.;, school, Dookie North — D. Alackeuzie, £95 5s. New Offices. — Post-offices have been opened at BurramineEast, via Numurkali, and at Karramomous North, via Sheppar- lon, and a money-order office at Numur- kah. Deputy Registrar. — Alargaret Ann McKeone has been appointed to act as de puty registrar of births and deaths at Barnawartha, vice Margaret AIcKeone, de ceased. Lands Temporarily Reserved. — The lands hereinafter described have been re served from sale, &c.;, temporarily : — Wooragee North — Site for quarry and for affording access to water. — Thirty -nine acres four perches, county of Bogong, pariah of Wooragee North, situated in sec tion AI : Commencing at the north angle of allotment 7 ; bound thence by that al lotment bearing S. 40deg. oornin. W. nineteen chains, S. 49deg. omin. E. three chains, S. 40deg. 55min. W. five chains, N. 49deg. 5min. W. three chains, and S. 40deg. 55min. W. nineteen chains thirty links ; thence by a line bearing N. 17deg. 30min. W. ten chains seventy-three links ; thence by allotment 6 bearing N. 40deg. 55min. E. thirty-eight chains eighty-two links ; and thrence by a road bearing S. 42deg. E. nine chains twenty-one links to the point of commencement. Boomahnoo- moonah — Site for public purposes (State- school). — Two acres, county of Moira, parish of Boomahnoomoonah, being part of allotment-16 of section A : Commencing at north-west angle of the site, being a point bearing east six chains fifty links from the north-west angle of the allotment; bounded thence by a road bearing east four chains ; and thence by H. Ashman's 12th section block, bearing south five chains, west four chains, and north five chains to the point of commencement. Sabbath-school Picnic. — The annual picnic of the. children attending the Sunday-school connected with St. Alat- thew's (Episcopalian) Church, Albury, took place on Monday last. There were about 300 children/ and some 50 adults. A special train was provided to take the pic nickers to Tabletop, a distance of some 15 miles. A "marquee and awnings were erected, swings put up, and all sorts of good things provided in the way of re freshments. Foot-races, Siamese races, skipping-rope races, hurdle races, gym nastics and jumping were indulged in by the more youthful with vigor ; while the more quiet young ladies indulged their mirthful proclivities by playing at twos- and-threes ; and a few of the exceedingly select formed themselves into little parties, and wended their way into quiet spots and shady nooks, away from the noisy multitude. The esteemed vicar, the Rev. Mr Acocks,- Mr Rynehart, the superintendent, and Air Pearce worked about as hard as it was possible for them to do ; and we noticed amongst the ladies Mrs Acocks, Mrs Pearce, Aliss Dudley and AEss Alann particularly energetic ; in fact, all the ladies and gentlemen who took part in the affair deserve the highest praise fer their laudable endeavors in providing such a treat for their scholars, as it was in every sense a complete and most creditable success. The weather could not have been better had it been made to order. Entertainment at Oorowa. — The en tertainment on Easter Alenday held at the School of Arts, Corowa, in aid of the Border, Brass Band, was in every way a success. The audience were" well pleased with the programme, and evidently every attention had been made to bring it for ward. Certainly the Corowa amateurs may congratulate themselves on the advance they have made. In the first part the overture" by the Border Brass Band was well given, also the opening chorus from "Pinafore" by the company. Mr W. Duncan sang in his usual good style " The Old Log Cabin in the Dell." Air Reece's "Kiss me to Sleep, Alother," was ren dered with much good taste. Mr G. Louch gave " Peter Gray," and it is need less to say thet as one of the corner-men this gentleman kept the house in good humor, and is a great acquisition to the district . -Mr Silvey Renforth, another of the corner-men, gave " Razors in the Air" ; but he has been so frequently before the public of this district that it is useless to say anything in commendation of his singing. In' the second part " I'm Still a Friend to You," by Air Turner, was sung in a pleasing manner, and, with a little more confidence, he will also prove an addition to the district amateur talent. Mr G. Leslie sang "Beloved Eye, Be loved Star," and though rendering the song well, has certainly been in better form. Mr A. Paul's cornet solo was just a masterpiece, and had well merited recalls. Also in his clog dancing he was well up. " Shandy Gaff," a comic sketch, concluded the 3ecand part, after an interval of five minutes. The evening's entertain ment terminated with a negro extravaganza entitled " Put up your Thumks," by. the company. Mr Louch played the promi nent part of the servant, and did it to perfection. Oxley AIem. — Onr correspondent on Tuesday writes The weather was de lightful for the Oxley races, and fully 500 persons enjoyed the outing. Some lovers of racing, ladies and gentlemen, rode or drove over thirty miles, so that their -young folk might have some amusement ere the preparation for next harvest "com menced. The races were graced by as fair a body of matrons and maidens as any similar extent of country could produce. The men and women from the old parent lands were proud of their descendants, natives of the colony, who showed no degeneration from their sires or their dams. After the shades of evening had closed upon the out-door amusement a select ball took place at the Emu Hotel. Fully two hundred young persons enjoyed themselves thoroughly, and yet. mode rately, until dayliglitlarrived, when, with partiair giiod wishes, the company dis persed to their respective residences. To-day is another delightful day, clouded, but warm, and indicating a further fall of rain. ' Police Uniforms.— Among the many grievances which the members of the Vic torian police labor under the one relative to the purchase of uniforms ranks among the most prominent.'- We' (Ballarat " Star") understand that the matter will be brought under the notice of the com mission which is- about to be appointed to inquire into the", condition of the force. The po3t-office and railway officials who joined the service prior to the year 1870 are supplied with uniforms at the Govern ment expense. It is maintained, that the police force should be placed upon the same footing, more especially as the salaries received by the guardians of the peace, who are iu most instances men in poor circumstances, are not so good as those paid to the post-office and railway employes. A policeman's outfit costs close upon £20. Air. C. E. Jones. — A friend, having recently written to Air Jones to the effect that there was a possibility of his not being returned for Geelong, as elections were very uncertain, the latter gentleman re plied in the following sanguine strain:— " Everything lovely everywhere I address meetiuga ; numerous and enthusiastic audiences ; cheering like old times ; crowds greater than greeted Air Berry. You will see no defeat of yours truly at Geelong ; that is what makes the ' ' Age" so mad. The best men on both sides are with me, seeing no better means of escape fron their dilemma." Leases Approved. — J. McAuliffe, 58a Or lOp, Kergunyah ; Edward Dunpliy, 118a 3r 22p, Hinnomunjie : Robert Sawyer, lllalr lOp, Gleurowau ; William Trotman, 319a3rl8p, Boomahnoomoonah. Licenses Approved. — Edward Geelan, 63a, Whorouly ; James Polmear, 320a, Wyeeboo ; William Polmear, jun., 320a, Wyeeboo ; Mary Matthews, 55a, Wagra ; James A. Maddison, 97a, Cudgewa ; James Wilkinson, 199a, Wagra ; James Carawell, 23a, Yabba ; Michael Carr, 52a, Wagra ; George Wilkinson, 86a, Wagra ; Richard H. Alildren, 100a, Wyeeboo ; Robert Hibberson, 189a, Wagra ; Frederick Back- haus, 159a, Yabba ; Charles Teakel, 318a, Dondougadale ; Reuben Williams, 126a, Talgarnc ; Rhoda Aliller, 298a, Bungil ; James Bartlett, 122a, Berringa ; Alexr. Henderson, 38a, Lilliput ; Charles Thomp son, 100a, Norong ; John Short, 14Sa, Cobungra ; David Phelan, 18a, Dargo ; J. Healy, 152a, Hinnomunjie ; Frederick Dieterle, 34a, Bnndalong ; John W. Wolstenholme, 200a, Laceby ; Patrick Larkins, 51a, Glenrowan ;. Albert . E. Pboley, 54a, Tatonga ; Thomas Boyes, 91a, Baranduda ; Henry Walker, 128a, Tarrawingie ; Henry Murrell, 200a, Colac Colac ; James Simpson, sawmill, 3a, Stanley ; Enstedt, Jensen, and Schlich- mann, grazing, 57,300a, Block No. 535, Bright ; John Williams, grazing, 6000a, Bleck 'No. 682, Bright ; William Tetley, grazing,. 16,000a, Block No, 690, Yackan- dandah ; David Norrie, 17,900a, Grazing block No. 119, Wodonga; George Aloscrop, 20a, Bullioh ; Waldemar Dyring, 20a, Wagra ; John Hargraves, 20a. Yabba ; Thomas Lewin, 16a, Alndgegonga ; David Carroll, 20a, Myrtleford. AIonday Night's AEnstrel Entertain ment. — The complimentary benefit ten dered to Air T. J. Gilchrist by the Amateur Minstrels, in- the Oddfellows' Hall, Beechworth, on AIonday evening, was, as stated in our last issue, a great success. Shortly after seven o'clock the fire-brigade turned out and formed a torch light procession, presenting a very attrac tive sight as they marched through the streets, and .giving a liberal display of fireworks. They were accompanied by t heir band, which rendered in a highly creditable manner a number of popular musical selections. By eight o'clock the hall was crowded, and the entertainment was under the patronage of the President of -the United Shire and the stewards of the Amateur Racing Club. The pro gramme was opened by an overture " Daughter of the Regiment," artistical.y executed by Messrs James Cunningham, jwn. (piano), G. W. Dinsmore (cornet), H. Jarvis and Thos. Wilson (violins). Then came the opening chorus by the com pany, " The Anvil," which was rendered in a manner which delighted the audience, a pleasing effect being produced by a tam bourine accompaniment, so adapted as to resemble the seund produced on striking an anvil. The comic song of " Widow Dunn " was well given by Air B. K. Tay lor, and an encore wa3 demanded, and re sponded to by the repetition of the last verse. "Hark, the Drum," as sung by Air H. S. Muir, elicited loud plaudits, and an encore had to be responded to. The singer - w-as accompanied by Air Marsh on the drum, and the latter gentleman ren dered the choruses additionally effective by an accompauiment upon that instrument. " Uncle Gabriel " was sung in good style by Air J. Hamil, and well received. Mr G. W. Dinsmore sang in his usual style " Daisy Bell while Air T. Gilchrist, whose appearance was warmly greeted, was loudly encored for his rendition of the o2d song, "Take Me Home," and was compelled to repeat a portion of if. Air S. Marsh sang " Won't you Buy my Pretty Flowers," and Air McGouigal " The Days when 1 was Yoang," in a manner pleasing to the audience. The quaHette "Old John Brown," in which Messrs Gilchrist, AIcGonigal, Hamil, a.nd Taylor (the end men) took part, faizly brought down the house, and the singers were twice vociferously recalled. After an interval of ten minutes,- Mr Muir appeared in his favorite song -Travelling Buck toDixey," which was given iu splendid|style, and, in response to an encore, the audience .were favored wish, the repetition of' the last verse. Mr AIcGonigal 's rendering of "Tobias and Biancas" was highly amusing, and met with warm applause. A clog- dauce by Air J. Hamil was deservedly greatly admired, the steps and time being simply perfect, and Air Hamil was cotn- pelleil to respond to the. encore which followed, by repeating the performance The comic sketch " Bruised and Cured," in which Ales3r3 Muir and McGonigal Look part, was provocative or im-ich merriment, being well placed upon' the stage. The vocal trio "Desolate is the Dwelling,", by Alessrs .Tarvis, Marsh and Dinsmore, was sung in a manner which showed to perfection the musical talent of those gentlemen, aud was fully appreciated by those who -had the pleasure of listening to it. As a fitting, conclusion to a really first-class entertainment the laughable farce " Grandmother's Ghost" ivas . rirn. I sented, Air T. Wright sustaining the part of Aunt Chloe, and Messrs Gilchrist, Hamil and AIcGonigal being represented as her grandchildren, Jim, Sam and Harry — the respective characters being acted in a manner , which. left . nothing to desire. Air B. K. Taylor officiated in the capacity of stage "manager, Air Dinsmore as musical- director,- and Air Cunningham, jun., . .as pianist and organist ; and it is needless to say that each gentleman was " tho right man in the right place." Air H. S. Aluir acted as business manager, and to his exertions is due in a great measure the success of the entertainment, which was followed by a largely attended dance, sustained with spirit until after three o'clock on Tuesday morning, Messrs Jarvis, Cunningham aud Wilson supplying first-class music. Beechworth Police Court. — On Tues- day, before Mr W. H. Foster, P.M., Wil- liam Harvey, charged with stealing a grey horse, the property of Samuel Watson, of Gerogery, New South Wales, was re manded to Albury till the 13th inst. John Whitehead v Peter C. Burke ; Claim £6 10s, work and labor done. The case wa3 adjourned till the 6th J une. Peter C. Burke v John Whitehead : Wilful damage to fence. The case was dealt with, similarly to the above, in the absence of Mr Burke from Beechworth. The court then adjourned. \- Bane Changes. — Mr Banfield, who has been sometime teller in the London Chartered Bank, Wangaratta, has been removed to S taw ell, where he is to re ceive promotion. During his stay in Wangaratta he secured many friends, ?nd was a general favorite with all who had any bank business with him. Important Sale. — Attention 13 directed to the sale by MrT. C. Kaighm on Satur day, 15th inst., on the premises, Keating's Creek, Buckland River, of the valuable property known as McBride's Farm (tbo proprietor relinquishing farming pursuits, on account of ill-liealth), comprising 284 acres, together with improvements con nected therewith. :r»ebMd allotment of 60 acres at Eurobiu, cuttle, horses, pigs and farm implements : also, a sluicing claim on the river bank, with water race. Buggy Accident. — On AIonday after noon last, as th Rev. Dean Tierney was returning from- Stanley to Beechworth in a buegy, when coming down the Albert- road his horse took fright, and on nearing the Camp-street bridge broke the shaft and brake, a spoke in one of the wheels, and the harness, and galloped away home. The Dean, on losing control over the animal, jumped out of the buggy, and in doing so received- a few scratches in the face, but fortunately sustained no further injuries. Telegrape-officeR. — An addition has been made to the staff of the post- office, Wangaratta, by a telegraphic messenger of the name of Webster being transferred from the Melbourne office, who arrived here on Monday night last. This addition will increase the efficiency of the staff, in asmuch a3 there will then be three officers able to work the telegraph. Broad Views of Religion. — Provost flnftVirfl. n «\f "Paiclatr mada fchft frillmvincr 1 — o very liberal speech recently at the Paisley School Board : — " By introducing dogmas into the schools they were compelling various Protestants, Roman Catholics and other sects to pay for the teaching of doctrines of which they disapproved. In the Education Act it was distinctly speci fied that Government grants should not be given for religious instruction. He would take the liberty of calling their attention to a question on the catechism. In it they were told that God made the world out of nothing. They could not. make children comprehend that. They were also told that there are three per- sons in the Godhead, and that these three are one. This, he thought, children could not understand. The answer to another question is that God hath fore ordained whatsoever comes to pass ; thus making the Deity the author of evil as well as good. They are also told in the catechism that the whole human race are under God's wrath and curse ; and that some are elected to everlasting blis3 ; and that a large "portion of God's human' beings are destined before they are born to everlasting misery. And they are further told that every sin deserveth God's wrath and curse, both iu this life and that which is to come. These doc trines were quite at variance with the character of a God of justice, mercy and truth ; and it was far from right to im press such doctrines on the minds of young children placed under their care. Alankind was frail, erring creatures ; and he could not believe that the Author of all- would consign them to' everlasting punishment for their shortcomings on this side of time. While he spoke thus of the catechism, he did so with the utmost respect for those who differed from him. Thousands of good men believed in the catechism, and there were thousands who did not. He thought the morality of the catechism would be acceptable to all parties, such as " Honor thy father and mother. Do not bear false witness against thy neigh bour." -To use all lawful endeavours to preserve our own life and the lives of others ; the promoting of truth between man and man ; and of our own and our neighbour's good name especially in " wit ness-bearing," he thought religious instruc tions in the schools should be entrusted to the good sense of the teachers. AIagisterial Inquiry. — A magisterial inquiry was conducted by Air J. Ingram, J.P., at the Beechworth Lunatic Asylum on Tuesday afternoon, touching the death of a late inmate of that institution named Ah Young, admitted on the 11th Septem ber, 1875. The evidence of Dr Deshon, medical-superintendent, went t© show that deceased had been in a bad state of health for some time past, and that death had resulted from disease of the brain and pleuro pneumonia. Attendant Edward Maxwell deposed that death had taken place at half-past eleven o'clock ©n Sunday night. The magistrate found in accord ance with the medical testimony. The Fire-brigades Demonstration.— A meeting of the committee of the United Fire-brigades Demonstration was held at their office, Melbourne, on Tuesday even ing, when a letter was received from the Railway Department, intimating that free passes would be granted to the brigades from New South Wales on the occasion of the annual demonstration. From replies received from the various brigades, it is estimated (states the " Argus") that froin 180Q to 2000 firemen will take part ia the various competitions. Tenders have been accepted for making a running track, which is expected to be the finest yet laid down,, being asphalted from end to end. The ground on this occasion will be 200 yards long by 16ft wide up to the plnga,- and » iter wards 130fc by 24ft. Tenders have also been accepted for the erection of a graud stand, tower, judges' and time keepers' boxes. . It . was "also decided to have amusements of a' varied description on the grounds, so that the public will not be in. wank of recreation. 'Che ground I chosen on this occasion is the Agricultural Society's Show-jards, St. Kilda road, and as the tickets give the purchaser a share in the 'distribution of prizes, it is expected that a large number of the public will bo present. . Inebriated Cows.— A lot of drunken cows on a dairy near Berlin (says the ""Bulletin") created quite a commotion lately, besides disappointing the numerous households deprived of their milk for a couple of days. By some mistake, pro bably owing to the darkness of the earlj' Hour, the person watering the cows turned the faucet of a barrel of corn brandy which happened to be placed hear tho water faucet, and the trough instead of being filled with water received about eighty gallons of the fiery fluid. The cows rather liked the stuff, and the whole num ber, over 100, got drunk and behaved in a most disgraceful manner, attempting to gore the milkers, and bellowing in concer; with the most extraordinarj' persistency. It was not until the second day thev be- came tractable. Precocious Juveniles.— Amidst the rejoicings attendant upon the celebration of the Easter holiday season (says the "Ballarat Star"), ever and anon can be heard the accents of sorrow. In different families residing not 100 miles from Bal larat dwelt two boys sons of tho holds. The twain have arrived at the dignity of twelvo summers, sod, conse quently, as their manhood approached, con ceived the design of deserting their fond parents, evidently intending to carve out their own fortunes. The conception s© far ha3 been carried out successfully, and now the anxious parents are awaiting the return of their erring offspring. One of the latter, who is a gitted son of luxury, has taken £100, in his trousers' pockets, the proceeds of presents by admirin» friends, and whilst die money lasts, doubt less the youngsters will enjoy unwonted freedom from home delights. Railway to the Upper Mup.ray i Air P. B. Wallace Al.L.A on Wedaes. 1 day introduced a deputation from ffig 1 Upper Alurray district to the Alinisc,,r I Railways. The deputation asked that a I line of railway should be surveyed from I Wodonga via Bethanga and Granva to I Tintaldra before the proposed line to Taj. I langatta was finally decided on. Air Bent I said he could not make any alterations je | the proposed Railway Bill about the I line to Tallangatta, and that if an altera- I tion were made in it about that line ft I would have to be done by Parliament In E the course of conversation it appeared E that a deviation was allowed in the pro- E posed line to Tallan»atta of fiv« mti.-.- -. 1 as the deputation said a five miles devi E ation would take in Bethanga and meet 1 their views, Mr Bent said he would re- H quest the surveyors to see if such a devi I ation could be made. I School at Granya. — Mr Peter B S Wallace, M.L.A., on Wednesday, called 1 attention of the Educational Department ! to the necessity of providing suitable aE ' f commodatton for the children at i.ranra on the Upper Alurray district, who S now taught m a temporary buildhv A promise was given that a site should be procured and a building erected forth- with. The attendance at the school in question is about 40, but with a proper building it is estimated that the attend- ance would increase to 100. Official Visit. — From 'the "Evening Mail" we learn that Mr B. C. Harriman, secretary of the Crown Law Department, paid a flying visit during the holidays to the various new court-houses which have been opened in the North-Eastern District recently. New State-school.— The tender of Oscar Smith was on Wednesday accepted for the erection of a schoolnouse at Brown's Plains, for the sum of £409 14 Charitable Entertainments. Ths concert in connection with a dance adver tised' to take place at Hurdle Flat oa Thursday evening, 6th inst., for the benefit of the widow and children of the late Air W. G. Alexander, of Yackandan- dah, was indefinitely postponed, ia con. sequence of a number of the amateurs r1» were to have taken part suffering ire® severe colds. The dance was fairly pa- trenised and financially successful. Sale of Farm. — On Monday next Afr John Strickland will sell by auction at the homestead, Rutherglen-road, near Christ mas Town, Mr Stewart Duff's farm of 65 acres, together with good dwelling and improvements, dairy cattle, draught horses, farm implements, &c.; An Awkward Predicament. — Tsr® young damsels, to quote the language of " Ye Old English Fayre," living at Had- den, whose aesthetic education led them to eschew the ordinary vulgar modes of holi- day making or spending, thought they would pass- last Good Friday in the rural occupation of gathering rare varieties of ferns. Accordingly they went to the oli Smy the's Creek diggings, where the ferns grow abundantly down the deserted holes, took off their Sunday go-to-meeting dresses, that they might not be damaged by the clamberings necessary to get the coveted ferns, and made them, together .with their dinners, into a nise neat.little bundle, which they left by the roadside Unfortunately a young man who was driving by in a cart, saw the parcel, and thinking some one had dropped it, -caok it to Smythesdale, where he left it at'" the police camp, to be claimed by the ownera. Great was the grief of these damsels when, they returned laden with choice ferns, to find that their dresses and dinners ; had both disappeared ; and, although they subsequently recovered them, we ("Bal larat Courier") fancy that on their next .botanising expedition, one will re"main above ground to prevent a similar contre temps. Revival of Mining at El Dorado.— The " Wangaratta Dispatch" has been informed that a private company has been formed, consisting chiefly of practical miners, for the purpose of opening out and working the large blocks of payable solid ground known to exist in the old Knee- bone claim, EL Dorado. It is intended to erect a powerful overshot water- wheel, which it is thought will be capable of keep ing the mine dry. 