THE THIEOIIY OF MILK.SETTING. IN reply to a correspondent of the Rural New Yorkor, Professor Arnold makes the following remarks upon milk-setting; Among the many excellent modes for raising cream, I would not like to say which is best, if, indeed, any one is best, under all circumstances. It will suffice to state a few general principles, and let each one decide for himself: 1\. To make the finest-flavoured and longest-keeping butter, the cream must undergo a ripening process by exposure to the oxygen of the air while it is sweet. This is best done while it is rising. The ripening is very tardy when the temperature is low. 2\. After cream becomes sour, the more ripening the more it depreciates. The sooner it is then skimmed and churned the botter, but it should not be churned wthile too new. The best time for skimmis: and churning is just before acidity oemazes apparent. 8\. Cream makes better butter to rise in cold air than to rise in cold water, but ih will rise sooner in cold water, and the milk will keep sweet longer. 4\. The deeper milk is set, the less air;ing the cream gets while rising. 5\. The depth of setting should vary with the.temperature; the lower it is the deeper milk may be set the higher, the shallower it should be. 3Milk should never be set shallow in a low temperature, nor deep in a high one. Setting deep in cold weather economises time, labour, and space. 6\. While milk is standing for cream to rise, the purity of the cream, and conse quently the fine flavour and keeping of the butter, will be injured if the surface of the cream is exposed freely to air much warmer than the cream. 7\. When cream is colder than the sur rounding air, it takes up moisture and im purities from the air. When the air is colder than the cream, it takes up moisture and whatever escapes from the cream. In the former case the cream purifies the sur rounding air; in the latter, the air helps to purify the cream. The selection of a creamerslshould-hingo on what is most de sired-highest quality, or greatest conve nienee and economy in time, space, and labour. A letter from Jamaica mentions that in Jackson Town curiosity and consternation have been caused by the birth at one time of seven infants, all boys. Thie mother, Mlrs. Hallort, is a largo and strong womanu, and her husband cmaUt and thin. The children weighed between four and five pounds. Sympathy for the afflicted parents haa been expresOsed by the religions com .I.:'nunity to whlom the parents belonged by a a:. ubsaiptitp l of £10, Anme FnLrEs.,-A dictumn is attriluted to Aristotle confining thle region of fable to the animal kingdom. The Stagirito would not allow tihe beings of the vegetable world to form anlly part of its dramlatis persomne. This restriction is usually perceived in tile allegorical recitals of both the Eastern and the Western world. Occasionally inmai mate nature is gifted with speech, but very seldom. Jotham's fable of "The Trees in the Bible," " The Belly and its Memnbers," and " The Troee and the Wedge " in iEsop are examples not in accordance with Adris totle's law. If a fable is thus extravagant in fancy, it ought to contain a proportion ately useful moral. It should not be for example like the Chineso "Porcolain iMaklter," which, however ridiculous, seems devoid of any profitable or improving re sulit. In tihe story the inventor is unable to procure fuel to keep up the necessary heat of his furnace. More devoted, how. over, tlhan Palissy to the interest of his art, after having consumed all his furniture, hle resolves on consuming himself. IHo leaps into the fire, and, being very fat, excellent porcelain is obtained by his successor. It is added that for his self-devotion he was made a god. A fable, with several morals of indisputable excellence and importance, called "Theo Hedgehog and the Wood pigeon," concludes this notice of Arabic moral myths. We learn from it, besides the success of knavery, the great advan tages to be obtained from religious pretence, and the remorse which by some sad fatality usually attends the aspirant after virtue. Such is the soul, as La Fontaino would call it, of the following story :-A hedgehog and his wife occupied the foot of a palm tree, at the top of which al pair of wood pigeons had made their nest. The hedge hog, envious of tihe ease with which the wood-pigeons obtained their food, sought about to get their sustenance for himself. Hlaving hit upon a likely device, hle set apart a portion of his house as a chapel, and performed the necessary ablutions that are demanded of every Moslom, and the prescribed prayers. In short, he effected an austere piety and isolated devotion. Tile woodpigeon, pitying one dayafter a religious exercise of extreme rigour, the severity of his penance, asked how many years he spout in this fashion. The hedgehog, who had attained a perfect intrepidity of lying answered, "thirty." " What is your food ?" then asked the woodpigeon, "and what your apparol ?" " ?My food," answered the hermit hedgehog, is the unripe dates which fall from this tree, and my coat is of the thorns and spikes, which, while they prick me, produce in me, I humbly trust, some spiritual profit. I abide here to in struct those who wander from the right way, my sole design being to free them from the fetters of this world, and to render them fit for the service of their Creator." The woodpigeon, affected by the hedgehog's piety, desired for himself and wife thle bene fit of the blessing and instruction of this mealy- mouthed recluse. "First, then," said the hedgehog, "to avoid the temp tation of a lickerish luxury, you must pluck from the tree all the ripe dates, and let them fall on the ground." The pair of pigeons set at once to worl. and in a short Spaceoneo imenge iog hail collected the fruit into his own hlole. A while after, the pligeons descended, and looked for the dates, but found none. " 0 honourablo hedgehog ! and moset guileless ofpreachers 1" then said thie woodpigeon, " we find hlere no trace of dates." Quoth the hedgehog, "may be the wind has flown off with them; but turn thou from the thing provided to the Provider, the fountain of all prosperity. He who has divided the chaps will not leave them without rations." So he ceased not his counselling and preaching of abstinence till they placed entire trust ill him, and entered his door, wheroeupon hle sprang upon them and ground his teeth, "where, then," said the ill-starred woodpigeon, perceiving his treachery, "where is the night of yester day."-Gentloman's Magazine. He WTANTED TO EXPRESS.-A stranger passing by the Race-street entrance to the United States Express office the other day saw the good-natured Munson sitting in his sentry-box smoking an after-dinner cigar, and ihe rushed up to him and said, "be you an expressor? " Munson expresses him self to the effect that he was there for that express purpose. "Well," said the stranger, "I want to express--" " Certainly," said Munson, "you've struck the right place. U.S.--united we stand-right over the door." "I say I've called to express-" "That's right," says Munson, " what have you got to express? Where is it going ?" " What I mean to express- " "Well, if you mean to express, why don't you go ahead and do it ? The entire express service of the United States Company is waiting on you," said Munson. "But will you allow me to express." "Certainly," said Mun son, "express all you want to, from a pin to Cleopatra's needle, and from a June-bug to an elephant." "Well, then," said the stranger preparing to take a walk, "I want to expressmysatisfaction over the agreeable change in the weather," and he dodged out just in timeto escape a call-book that Mun son flung at his head.-Griswold. There has been in existence for many years in England a periodical called the New Moon, the contributors of which are inmates of lunatic asylums. As a rule, the articles display marked ability, and no one would suppose that the writers were suffer ing from mental aberration. On one occa sion the editor of the Now Moon received complaints from several subscribers that the contents of the journal wore lackldng in distinctive flavour, and did not betray their origin; so in the next number he gave free play to his refractory contributors. There appeared astounding political revelations; a paper on evolution, with woodcut illustra tions of tlhe shape of the human soul at different ages; and the first canto of ian epic, which, when not utterly incoherent, was anticipatory of Alice in Wondorlaud. One number of this character was sufficient. The discontented subscribers expressed tihemselves satisfied, and begged that they might have no more of Bedluam lot loose in prose and verse. Wishing to pay his friend a compliment, a Parisian remarked, "I lhear you have a very industrious wife." " Yes," replied his fricnd with a melancholy smile, " she's never idle-slhe's always finding something for me to do." When a man has his teeth filledhe charges tho cost tsicgd~ietal expeinsss. GUrosTSs IExwPrIEDs AwarY.-A philosophic oxplanation of ghost-seeing is given by J. Mlortimer Granuville, M.D., who writes :--In tihe search for thetruth about ghosts itwould be in the last degree ungrateful to forget the vast and varied series of experiments which nature, in her disorderly moods, has made and is daily making for our enlightonment in the department of modern psychology. Not only the actually insane, from whom little that is intelligible enough to be di rectly instructive can be learnad, but the large class of neurotic folk ever hovering on the border land of insanity, frequently see ghosts, and to their supposed powers of perception the spectral delusions or halluci nations (whichever they may be) that are present to the distorted imagination seem as real as the other objects they see around them. I say other objects, because there is no reason to doubt that these visions which distress the consciousness and often embitter the lives of the morbidly imaginative are just as truly objective as tlhe majority of the things seeoon, or assumed to be seeoon, by the strougminded and perfectly sane. Let me state three propositions :-1. The act of seeing, whether performed by a healthy or unhealthy seer, is essentially a compound and complex process. The mind's eye is even more actively engaged in the pcrform ance of the functions than the eye of tile body. It is the mental image of the object we see, not the physical picture. We see what we can perceive or what are able to recognise, which implies previous knowledge and memory. 2. Inasmuch as the mind plays a conspicuous part in the act of see ing, what is seen may differ greatly from that which exists. 3. A thought, or any seonse impression, acting on the mind in such a way as to call the power of picturo making into operation, will do as well as an external object to supply the key-note of a vision. If these propositions are accepted as accurate, though crude ann" incomplete statements of fact,it follows that it must be possible to see anything in the existence of which we believe-anything, it is as truly objective to us as if it had a substantive existence. Without the smallest leaning toward the philosophy of Berkeley, I am convinced that the brain function has the power of projecting mentalpictures on the retina. The mental image may be trauns mitted, or, as it were, telegraphed along or reproduced by the optic nerve on the retina, mind and body functions thus mingling in the act of producing the vision. This is, in my judgment, how ghosts are seen, and if one person sees a vision or spectre, any one else who is sympathetic or has harmo nious nerve vibrations with him may see it too. DoP.ser BCrrE.--Prof. Sheldon thus describes the method of making choice Dorset. butter:--In Dorset dairies the milk stands for twenty-four or thirty-six hours, according to the season of the year, and, in some cases, is skimmed the second time after a second period. The cream is con sidered ready for churning immediately after it is skimmed, and, during the hot weather, is commonly churned every day, while in cold weather the churning is done only on alternate days. To this practice of churn in, the cream while it is quite sweet and I1erIl is owing, in a g,-rt~. ,assr. tha enD1l tation which Dorset butter has long pos sessed-the practice, indeed, presupposes the strictest cleanliness with ropect to milk pans and other vessels used in the dairy, for without this primary condition the daily churning would be practically valueless. The old-fashioned barrel churn, with im proved beaters, is commonly used in Dorset dairies, and, after the butter is taken out of the churn, the greatest care is taken to wash out all traces of buttermilk, so as to avoid the light-coloured streaks that commonly appear in ill-made butter. The coldest and cleanest water that can be obtained is used for this purpose, and the butter is repeat edly turned and pressed on a slab of wood. A dairyman whose hand is naturally cold always succeeds best in butter-making, all other things being equal. It is soldom that tho butter is salted in a systematic manner; ti?he dairyman generally guesses the quantity of salt to be used, and an experienced and careful person can guess it with surprising accuracy. It is, however, generally under stood that the butter intended for market is more sparingly salted than that intended for the home consumption. It is clear, how ever, that the Dorset dairymaids have got into a better system of butter- making than most of their sisterhood in other parts of the country have done, for Dorset butter has a popularity greater than the butter of any other country, and much butter made far enough away is sold in London under the assumed name of Dorset butter. The name is pirated, and the name sells the butter. This sort of thing is at once an honour and an injustice to Dorsetshire. THE ÆSTHETIC CRAZE.--It is remarked by the Pall Mall Gazette that " the French profess to be alarmed at the prospect of an invasion of English æstheticism, and the Temps, by way of warning off the innocent and unsophisticated Parisienne, draws the following forbidding picture of the æsthete, male and female.. The male esthete wears long hair and raises his deep eyes to heaven. The more emaciated his cheeks are the better. No beard and a look of the grave. He is a variety of the Anthony of romance, an Anthony who sighs but does not swear. The female æsthete wears mediæval gowns of strange, dull, far-fetched colors, of a sticky sage-green by preference. They affect slenderness, lengthen their trains, and slash their sleeves. Whistler is their favorite artist, and they regard the non æsthetic world with contempt. What relation can there be, asks the Temps, between this muddle- headed art-worship and the 'clair génie Français ?' But, alas! the 'clair génie ' of Paris, at least, is already clouded by a mania. The Parisian women have capitulated to Gainsborough hats, and the rest is a more question of time. And as for Mr. Whistler, from whom do our nocturnists rightfully descend -from the fathers of English landscape, or from Corot and the French impression. ists? " A man was walking up the Cansongateo the other night, when a drunken Scotchman ran up against him. Said the sober man, "what do you want? " and lie got hlis answer, "what do a wanut? Wlha mon a'm as fou as a can be; what mair can a want? " A farm on the estate of a Berkshire M.P., which was heold by the last tenant at a roent of £225, has now b~oac let at £LUQ 3BANK FAUrvuEs IN TuE UNITED STATES. A couple of remarkable cases of bank fail ures have recently taken place in the United States. One in the east, in the State of Now Jersey, adjoining New York, was that of a National Bank, which the caslhier robbed of nearly 2,500,000 dol. The deficit was carried along and covered up by a fictitious balance, represented as being to the bank's credit with its Now York corres pondent, and this involved also a forged statement of the balance. The cashier was a very exemplary citizen, officer in numer ous trust companies, savings bank, &c.;, pro minent in the churclh, and strictly moral in his private life. He was even something of an" emsthetic," and a devotee of art in poetry and painting. What he did with the stolen money no one knows except himself, and he has not yet told. It probably was sucked in by the whirlpool of stock exchange speculation. He is now awaiting trial on charges preferred by the prosecuting attorney. The second case was in one of tho newest Western States. The theft was smaller, but more ruinous to creditors. It was followed by very different consequences. The creditors came, together with their friends, seized the president and cashier, imprisoned them, and, without any fear of the law, held them until they managed, by the aid of wealthy relatives, to raise the money to refund the larger share of the losses. It was a rude way of doing justice, but every one concedes that justice was done.-Correspondent Melbourne Argus. STEAM WHALERS.-It is given out on pretty good authority that the first of a number of steam whalers is about to be constructed at one of the ship-yards in San Francisco. Rumours of this enterprise have been afloat for some time. These have now taken such tangible shape that it is definitely reported that Goodall and Perkins, Captain Griffin and their associates have already made a contract for the first ship, to be constructed by Mr. Dickey at his yard, at or near the Potrero. The pioneer ship is to be of about six hundred tone burthen, of the best model, barque-rigged, and to be furnished with auxiliary steam power sufficient to run her at a speed of from seven to eight knots an hour. Her screw is to be fitted so as to be displaced at any time-that is, so as to be drawn up into the well and clear of the water. By that means a perfect sailing ship is secured, and, in case a screw is broken in the ice, an extra one on board can be put in its place with very little trouble. It is under stood that the keel of the ship will be laid at once, and the vessel will be ready for sea about the slet of April. Four months is rather a short time in which to construct the ship. But it can be done if the contract for the machinery is given out at once. Alta California. GALLAnnGHIER'S PREDIcAMiENT.-W-hon Gal lagher packed away his fur overcoat last year, lie resolved the moths should not destroy it, so he put about four pounds of pepper into it. When that cold morning struck us, he got the coat out in a hurry, and, without stopping to brush it, put it on and skipped for a horse car. In he jumped and sat down, out puffed a little lot of popper, and he inhaled it. The popper made Sian · anaco. Tuei Co ulation of oneooing agitated the coat further and the pepper kept coming up on him. So instead of stop ping sneezing, lie sneezed harder. He sneezed so hard that he attracted general attention. His eyes filled with tears. Every sneeze made things worse. He gasped for breath and tried to stop, but could not. People didn't understand it and thought the man would die. A benevolent gentleman went to the rescue. He patted Gallagher's back and a little fluff of pepper arose to him. KIatchoo He was sneezing too. And his effort had so spread the pepperthat not only did Gallagher go it worse, but the people next to Gallagher began to sneeze. The violence of Gallagher's sneezing mean time increased. He shook so that the popper came out of the coat in a cloud. Soon everybody in the car was sneezing, " What-catchoo-sort of a-catchoo-man are you P" asked one man of Gallagher. But the latter could not reply. The thing was getting serious. The conductor came in to rectify matters, but he got to sneezing, too, and could do nothing. Some of the passengers were furious at Gallagher. Two of them attempted to put him out of the car. They clutched him. Of course the more they shook him the worse things got. Everybody in the car was shedding tears and sneezing frightfully. Consternation prevailed. Finally somebody make a break for the door. They all fled-all but Gal lagher and the men fighting him. Finally they were got off and Gallagher had arose to get out. The car had been stopped. Those who had got out had recovered from their paroxy: and wanted to kick Gallaghor. But as they started for him the thought struck them that they'd got to sneezing again if they meddled with him. So they let him go. And he went home and was so mad at the coat he took it off and sailed in to kick it, and got into another sneezing fit that lasted fifteen minutes. - Boston Post. Tun MoNsuaH OF TLnn MeADows.-An other mysterious disappearance of a valu able picture is recorded in the English press. The celebrated picture, known as the "Monarch of the Meadows," painted by Mr. T. Sydney Cooper, R.A., and the property of Mr. Allcroft, of Lancaster-gate, Hyde Park, has beeoon destroyed or stolen under extraordinary circumstances. On the morning of September 18 a room in Mr. Allcroft's house, in which the picture was standing during the general repair of the building, was discovered to be in flames, but the fire brigade were at once summoned and the conflagration was rapidly got under. On examination, how ever, it was found that the picture had been cut out of the frame, either before or after the fire had commenced. The police were at once communicated with, and the most searching investigation is being made into the matter. The painting, which was in the best style of the celebrated artist, was certainly the largest he ever executed, was nine feet high by seven broad and was valued at £5000. The subject was a group of bull, cow, and calf, the figures being nearly lifoe-size. The picture was exhibited in the Royal Academy some years ago. "Is that mule tame 2" asked a farmer of a dealer in domestic quadrupeds. "Ho's tame enough in front," answcred the dealer, "bltA he's awfully wiltl bchinm." T.ns HILe-TREVor JEWEL 'no0Ycae - Close on the heels of tile HIatton Garden post-office diamond robbery comes another daring theft of jewellery belonging to Lady Hill-Trovor from the mansion of Lord Arthur Edwin Hill-Trevor, situated close to Chirk, on the border of Wales. The robbery took place on Sunday, December 4, while Lord and Lady Trevor were at church. Tihe lady appears to have left her jewel-case unprotected in her bedroom, or in an inner room, the door of which was kept locked. About noon a female servant went upstairs, and was surprised on trying the door of her mistress's room to find that it was fastened from the inside. She immediately acquainted the other servants with the suspicious incident, and the bedroom door was at once broken open by the butler and others. Then the true state of the case was instantly revealed. To their dismay, the servants found that the door of the inner apartment, in which Lady Trovor kept her valuables, had been forced, and the jewel-box with its precious contents carried off. More than this, the thieves had appropriated some of Lord Arthur's jewels; and the method of escape from the house appeared to have been by a rope. Further investigation however led to the conviction that the rope had been placed there as a ruse for the purpose of throwing the police off the scent. If the thief had descended by this means he would have had a fall of about twenty feet, alighting in the centre of a large flower-bed, but this showed no traces of his feet. Moreover within the house there were indications which seemed to show that the thief had both entered and left by one of the doors. It is stated that there are three doors to the room, two of which were found locked with the keys left inside. The remaining door was locked also, but the key had disappeared. Later in the evening during the search of tihe premises this hey was discovered underneathl a sofa, partly concealed by a piece of flannel. On Sunday evening the chief constable and the deputy constable of the Denbighshire police arrived at Byrukinalt and instituted a searching investigation. The servants one by one were subjected to a keen examination, as the result of which his lordship's groom of the bedchamber and an upper housemaid were taklen into custody. On Monday they were conveyed to Wrexham, where it was found that the magistrate had no jurisdiction, and were afterwards taken to Llangollen. There is abundant evidence that the thief or thieves had a thorough knowledge of the premises, and this has given rise to the suspicion that though no one in the house hold is in possession of the booty, some one or more of the servants may hlave been confederates in the crime. For several days subsequent to the robbery a body of police have examiued the extensive grounds and woods in the neighbourhood, and have barred all exits from the park, which are numerous. The stations on the Great Western Railway are also being watched day and night. The value of the jewellery stolen was as first stated at £80,000, but the amount has since been reduced to about £40,000. The following is a list of the articles lost:-One pearl necklace, single row diamoudl andl olasp, value -£4000; one diamond necklace, £10,000; one diamond crown for the head, £5000; one pearl necllace, with large diamond clasp; one coral necklace and cross with diamond, one amethyst necklace set with diamonds, pair of earrings and bracelets, one largo diamond coronetlocket with pearl centre, one diamond snake pattern bracelet with enamel, three sets of diamond earrings, a large quantity of diamond brooches and pins, four gold watches, one keeper, and two emerald brooches set with diamonds. -. English paper. THE STARs AND STmPES..-We learn from a London paper that an elaborate work on the History of the Flag of the United States of America, by Rear-Admiral Preble has just been published in New York, from which it would seem that the history of its origin is full of curious interest. Though it is the symbol of the newest of any of the great nations, it is itself, the writer asserts, one of the most venerable national symbols. It dates from 1777, and so antedates the present flags; Great Britain, 1801; Spain, 1785; France, 1794; Portugal, 1880; German Empire, 1870; and Italy, 1848. Even the Chinese and Japonese national flags are more recent. The flags of Turkey and Russia ante-date the American. But though the stars and stripes are only a century old, their author is unknown. Tie first official establishment of the national ensign was by this resolution of the Ameri can congress, June 14, 1777; Resolved - That the flag of the 18 United States be 18 stripes, alternate red and white; that the union be 18 stars, white, in a blue field, representing a new constellation. There is no record of any antecedent debate, or report of committee, and none of the author of this resolution. The flag seems almost to have sprung up full grown, like the magic trees which the Oriental conjurors produce before one's eyes from the ground. The precedent flags gave but little prophecy of what was coming. There were, indeed, striped flags, buet no hint of stars and stripes. The rattlesnake was a favourite device, some times across the stripes, sometimes in one corner, whore the stars are now found. With it was found the motto, " don't tread on me." Prior to any national flag was a colonial flag, with the union jack of Great Britain in the corner, and the groundwork of the flag 18 stripes to represent the 18 colonies. This was the flag that floated over Washington's little army at Cambridge, Mass., in the early part of 1776. The rais ing of this new flag was curiously misunder stood by the English at first to be a token of submission. The meaningof the stars is clear enough; it is officiallyindicatod in the resolution cited above, a now constellation. The one grand and joyfulfaot to the Ameri can people in 1777 was that they were a new nation; and the very language of this resolution, and the very existence of this flag, is an indication that the old conception of 18 separate states combining in a con federacy had given place to that of 18 states united in a sovereign nation. A clergyman who was once interceding with Bishop Blomfiold for a clergyman who was constantly in debt, and had more than once been insolvent, but who was a man of talent and eloquence, concludedhis oulogium by saying, "In fact, my lord, he is quite a St. Paul." " Yes," replied bthe Bishop, dryly, "in prisons oft," A IFLoRE.s-George Agustus Sala relates the following :-One of the very best stories that I have evar heard about a concierge was in connection with a highly aristocratic hotel in Vienna, and one of her Majesty's foreign office messengers. The German concierge or portier in general, and the Austrian one in particular, is, I should promise, a grandee of the haughtiest and most supercilious kind. He wears a showy uniform with much gold lace sipon it, and behaves himself accordingly. The Proud Young Porter in the bLrl!ad of Lord Bate man is humility itself in comparison with one of the pampered janitors of the Mais stadt. Well, my friend the Queen's mes senger was smoklting a cigarette one morn ing at the portal of the aristocratic hotel, when there rolled into the courtyard the carriage of the Grand Duke, say of Saxe Wallsendstein, with the grand duke himself inside. The messenger beheld without swooning the spectacle of his Excelleney alighting from his equipage and ascending to his apartments. When the august form had disappeared, the concierge turned to my friend and rudely remarked-" When grand dukes enter the courtyard of this hotel is it customary to remain uncovered ?" The reply of Captain - was prompt and to the point. "When German portiers," he observed, " are insolent to English gentlemen, it is customary to knock them down." And down went that proud young porter of the aristocratic hotel. The captain was led to expect that the floorer which he had administered to the portier would cost him dear, and was prepared to meet the worst; when next day the landlord of the hotel waited upon him with, to his sur prise, a beaming countenance. " My dear sir," exclaimed the genial Herr - "allow me to thank you for having so signally chastised that ill-conditioned fellow in the porter's lodge. The kerl has long beeon in want of a thrashing; and if you could make it convenient to look in once or twice a month and beat him you would be rendering us all a good service." COLLISION OF STEAIMER VITTH WHALES. The steamship Newport of Ward's line, had an unusual experience during a recent out ward trip to Havana. She sailed from Ne* York on Oct. 27, and next morning she was off tlhe coast of. Delaware. She was steaming at the rate of 15 miles per hour, and ran into an immense school of whales twenty miles long and a quarter of a mile wide. Suddenly-the ship shook from stem to stern, and she then struck a monster about sixty feet long which was attempting to cross her path. The whale was cut in halves, which passed astern on either side, while the water was dyed red with his blood. The steamer came to a standstill, and her stem was examined. It was found to have escaped injury, but the steering gear was slightly damaged. This was soon repaired, and the Newport proceeded. The sight of the monster's head as it shot upward from the water had been anything but pleasant to tIle passengers. Ten minumites after the vessel started thlere was another and a heavier shlock, whllichl almost throew the passengers from their feet. Another whale had been cut in two. The body of this amimal passed under the vessel and struck the propeller with great violence. The engineer rushed on deck, imagining that the ship had struck a submerged wreck. Captain Sundberg ordered the course of the steamer to be changed, and she soon ran out of the troublesome whales.-Seientifi6i American. THIE TASMANIAN PRESERVING AND TnADING, ComrANY.-This company has been called into existence under the following circrum, stances :-Duringlast session of parliameeit' MIc Call and Co. wrote to the Tasmanian treasurer, asking for the exclusive right an?d. privilege to export all tinned hares from the colony for a period of twenty years, and also for a government bounty of Id. per rabbit. The government considered the number of years too long, and the bounty too high, and eventually the conditiohs were altered so that the term was reduced to ton years and the bounty to £2 per toni for every ton of rabbits exported. These terms the treasurer laid before parliament, but some few members in the house, con sidering that the trappers of the destructive bunny would be thrown out of work, actually opposed the proposal, and the result was that the negotiations fell through. In the meantime Me Call and Co., who felt sure that their offer would be entertained, ordered out the machinery, and notwith standing the refusal of parliament to en courage them in their undertaking, they have made a start without a subsidy. Land has been secured, am? - s, near the Rosetta crossiG t.o 9]:?,ain line; of railway, near GlenorP° the nuddistance from Hobart, and buildir .bp;.il be erected forthwith. It is proposei to build on this land a nearly square block of buildings about 170 yards long and 150 yards wide, in which extensive and powerful machinery wiltbe placed. Ajettywill then be run ouCi into the stream, where schooners or steia launches can be conveniently loaded for transport to outward-bound vessels, as the trade will be almost exclusively with the home country. The business of the com pany will be directed to tinning game, principally rabbits, and also wild duck, kangaroo, &e.;, in the winter time. In summer time fruit preservatioh will be the principal business of the firm. By fruit preserving is not merely meant the making; of jam, but the tinning of raspberries, straw berries, cherries, &e.;, in a whole state. About fifty persons wrill be engaged on the works for a start, and if the undertaking receives the encouragement it deserves it should prove of great benefit to the colony. The late Mr. Henry (says the Atheneum) believed that he had discovered a piece of Shakespeare's autobiography in the Mlerry? Wives of Windsor. He saw in the christian names of William Fenton and Anne Page an allusion to the loves of William Shakes peare and Anne Hathaway, and subsequently in corroboration of this idea he found Feon ton's wart in Shakespeare's authentic por traits. Prince Bismarck has pronounced against the Latin letter which has been gaining favour with scholarly Germans, many of whom hope to see it supplamlt the Gothic letter. A pamphlet printed in Latin letter, which has boon sent to the chancellor, was returned with the statement that it robbed him of too much time to read German in Latin print, 