Blind Bella; or, A Ride for A Life. A NEW ZEALAND STORY. - BY J. J. TITTING. CHAPTER I. TfiB good ship Waterwitch is lying off Graves . end, with her anchor down, but her foretopsail loose as a signal of departure. In good truth she is but awaiting the arrival of her captain, who joins her here from London, and half a dozen pas sengers. The Waterwitch is a perfect model of beauty, and should make a quick passage to Auckland, judging by her finely proportioned lines, and the remarkable skill with which she has been stowed. She is indeed in her very best trim, and if she keep up her reputation, she will reach her destination in less than 80 days-a fast .v passage in 1869. " Now then, my lads," cries the cheery voice of the pilot, as that official sees the ship's boat pul ling off from the shore, " look alive and get the cable in j" and immediately a crew of twenty men, assisted by a goodly number of the male passengers, sprang on to the forecastle, and in a few seconds were giving forth all their strength to turn the massive windlass, to the tune of " Wild Missouri," sung in stentorian tones by the old Swedish boatswain. The boat is soon alongside, and we are enabled to examine more minutely its occupants. There are in all some six or seven, besides the crew. A's tho gig sheers up to the quarter, and is made fast to the ship, the gentleman at the stern, who is dressed in a half nautical costume, throws down the yoke-lines, and addresses three ladies irho are sitting close beside him. "Now, ladies, if you will entrust yourselves to wy care, I'll have you on board in the twinkling , of a bedpost." The operation was safely performed, though , not quite so quickly as promised, and the ladies, having gazed around at a scene so noyel to them, went below. When they returned, shortly afterwards, they were agreeably surprised at the changed appear ance of the ship, which now looked as if she really meant business, being full dressed for the occasion. The anchor was trippped, the yards braced round, and gradually the noble vessel be gan to make her way though the water and before long was going a good four knots, with her speed momentarily increasing. Soon she was passing Windmill Hill-Wind mill Hill ! where, in days gone by, wo have so oft had tea aud shrimps and muffins-and the pilot who had brought her so far, prepared to leave the ship.. Atthe same time all strangers were ordered to quit the vessel. A few minutos later sind the last boat had dropped astern, and tho Waterwitch had fairly commenced her long voyago. CIIAPTEB II. Auckland in 1869 suffered from various causes j -ehiefly, though, from over speculation in thc wondrous minos that were to provo richer far than those of famed Golconda. There had boen many commercial failures, and a good many traders and others had come to grief. Among these was Harry Tremaine, who, upon the even ing of the 23rd December, sits in his office with a look of blank despair upon his face. He eees no hope-he has lost literally everything ; nay, ?more, for he is at least ¿61000 in debt, and how to recover hi8 position ho knows not. He is utterly, irretrievably, ruined, without the ghost of a chance of regaining his reputation. Harry is a fine, strong, manly looking fellow, notwithstand ing the grief now depicted on his countenance, and would probably care little for the mis fortune that has overtaken him (through the failure of a large firm with which he was con nected) wore it not for the expocted daily arrival of his mother, his sister, and his sweeetheart. "Poor, poor, widowed mother," he Bighed ; " your troubles have indeed been heavy, but I fear they are not over." And his great manly heart gavo a big throb, and the tears started into his eyes and rolled down his cheeks j not for his own, but for the sake of those ho loved so well. After the burst of grief was over, he took down his hat from tho peg on which it hung, pulled it over his brows, and strode away country wards, in order to regain his self- possession. It is the 21th December, and the Queen-street wharf is thronged with people, particularly in the vicinity of the watermen's house and steps. Joe dook and Tom Hunt, and several other wor Passing an Iceberg, thies of that class, aro ga/"ng atti ntively at thc flagstaff on tho other side of "Hie harbour. For some hours there has been a piece of bunting flying at the masthead to deuotc " a fail in sight." Several vessels, inchi lin <? *wo English ships tho Waterwitch and the Bulvark-are overdue, and speculation is rife as to which tho stranger is. " Now then, up goes the ball" mutters Hunt ; " wo shall soon know what she is"-and as he speaks a black ball is run up at the eastern end of the yardarm, where it is jammed hard and fast. " A ship ! a ship !" cry a dozen voices, and the I news is soon spread over the town that ono of the long expected English vessels is coming in. A rush to the wharf follows, and some three or four boats soon leave the stairs, among them being those of the " Cross" and "Herald," both flying their distinctive flags. These two boats are well manned, and dash away towards the Heads in friendly rivalry, Harry Brett in the "Herald" well to the front, and putting on airs of superi ority that aro quite disheartening to Wilkin son, the shipping reporter of the " Cross." Among those standing round the boat house, is Harry Tremaine, anxiously gazing at the flag staff opposite. " Ah ! there goos her number, and now we shall know who she is," observes young Keene. And sure enough a string of flags is run up to the masthead, where they blow bravely out in the morning breeze. The stranger is the vessel we saw leave Gravesend. She has had an uneventful passage, and beyond going so far south that the cold was for many days very uncomfortable, and passing several icebergs in rather dangerous proximity, the voyage had been pleasant enough. " The Waterwitch, from London," says Keene, shutting up his glass with a bang; and five minutes afterwai'ds half a dozen more boats are on their way to meet the ship. Arrival in Auckland. Within half an hour after making tho hoef,the Waterwitch is rounding tho Heads with tho speed of a racehorse. Let us follow the pilot however, and go hack a few minutes, as ho jhoards the ship near tho Reef, and before she has fairly entered tho Chan nel. Our attention is instantly arrested by a group of three ladies on the poop, two of whom aro st anding near tho taffrail, while the third is sit ting on a deck stool close by. Thc two standing aro Mrs. and Miss Tremaine, but we arc not so sure of thc third, for she wears a very dark and a very thick veil. From tho figure, however, we should judge ittobe Miss Bella Swaudown, oneof tho ladies whom wc saw embark at Graves end. None of thc three speak, but gazo - at least two of them do-silently towards the summit of Mount Rangitoto, and the lovely bays that almost encircle the ship. Casting our eyes forward, we find the Water witch is like a now pin-the decks look like Bnow, tho brassworlt is polished so that you can scr your face in it-and the two rows of harmless cannonades,appearquite warlike in their newcoaU | of paint. E very thing has been cleaned from top to bottom-and the ship looks bright and cheer ¡ ful inside and out. j " Our friends tho Cape pigeons seem to have | quite deserted us," said Miss Tremaine ; " mamma, I don't like those horrid gulls j I hope they are not harbingers of evil." " Hush !" replied Mrs. Tromaine, glancing down towards Miss Swandown. Then, after a moment, sho added softly-almost in a whisper -" it will bo a sad blow to him to find our Bella I thus." Under the able superintendence of Pilot Bur gess, tho Waterwitch soon ran through Rangi toto Channel, and rounded the North Head with nearly every sail set and drawing full. As the stately vessel, careening well over to starboard, and covered with a cloud of canvas, came within view of the people on the wharf, they sent forth a '.shout of gladness, and wel comed t»he stranger vessel among them as one of their own land and kindred. Sail after sail was taken in, and with remark able rapidity for a merchantman ; and six minutes after rounding the North Head the Waterwitch let go her anchor, for the first time within 100 days, in the middle of the Waitemata, and nearly opposite the Queen-street Wharf. It had scarcely touohed the bottom before Harry Tremaine leapt on board, and the next in pta-nt had folded his mother and sister to his breast. Bella was nowhere to be soen j she had gone below. CHAPTER III. The secret of poor Bella's disappearance is soon told. During the intense heat of the weather, while in the tropics, she had suffered most acutely from pain in the eyes. This, through the impro per treatment of the doctor onboard-one of those " cheap and nasty" specimens who are too fre quently to be met with in passenger ships-rapidly grow worse, with most alarming symptoms, and a month before the shores of Now Zealand were sighted Bella was totally blind, with every ap pearance of remaining so for the reBt of her days. It need scarcely be said that to ono so young and joyous, who had been so used to admire, through tho organs of sight, tho bounteous gifts of Provi dence in all their beauty and lnagificenco, the deprivation was a terrible infliction. For days her mental anguish was intense, but under tho loving treatment of Mrs. Tremaine and lier daughter, Milly, she gradually allowed herself to take a moro hopeful view of tho future-a future which was indeed dark to hor at this period of her existence. "What a blow it will be to Harry," she mur mured one evening in the mother's ear, when hey were sitting on the poop together, " Yes, lovej it will be a great blow for my poor boy; DUT ne must learn to bear it." "I can never ask him to take me for his wife, now." "Nb, you never need ; for has he not already vowed to marry you j and ave you not coming out for the very purpose ?" "Yes, dear mamma" (Bellaalways called Mrs. Tremaine mamma); "but perhaps when he learns of my affliction he will not have me." "Then he will be no son of mine! But you wrong him Bella,- dear. Your affliction will but the more endear you to him. Besides, your sight will soon bo restored to you, when once we reach New Zealand." " I pray to Heaven it may, dear mamma ; but I fear I shall never again see the green fields, the waving trees, the rushingwaters.orthe beautiful singing birds Oh! Milly! Milly! it is very terrible." And Bella threw herself upon her friend's bosom and wept aloud. " Poor, poor Bella !" cried Harry, kissing awáy her tears on that Christmas Eve, when they were aU assembled in his snug little villa at Ellerslie ; for though the crash had come, he was still in possession of his home, though it might be for only a few hours longer ; " and so you thought your Hari'y wouldn't marry you because you had lost your sight. He would indeod bo worsè than coward could ho so behave towards you. But, Bella, perhaps you will refuse to marry rn« when you hoar of my misfortunes." " "Why," said Milly, " surely you have no. mis fortunes, living in this beautiful place, with everything about you that the heart could desire -sven your sweetheart, soon to be your wife, your mother, and your sister." "Yes," added her mother, "and with, a business which, you told us in your letter, would most certainly lead you on th fortune. You have indeed reason to be happy." V It will thus be seen that Harry had\iot yet told them of his sudden reverse of fortune. Good fellow as he was, he shrank from giving them pain, and so soon after their landing too. How ever, the truth must be told, sooner or later, and better come from his lips at once than be rudely disclosed by strangers in a few hours' time. He made up his mind at once. " Listen"-and he told them the whole truth Kow he was a ruined man, with nothing to his oame but ¿61000 of debt. "Well, it is bad, certainly," said Mrs. Tre maine, when he had concluded his Story, " but it might have been worse." " Worse ?" ' "Yee, worse. Suppose, for instance, you had lost your sight, as Bella has-you and Bella too; would not that have been worse ?" "It would have been terrible. I have still hands, and can work for you all ; but, mother, I cannot pay the ¿61000." "You cannot do more than your best, Harry. See your creditors, face themboldly, for, after all, your position has not been brought about by any rashness of your own. As you say, you have still hands, Tand a head, to work ; this is a young and rising colony, and, with God's help, we will I all be once more happy." ^ ? ~ " My brave, good mother, yon 'give me fresh courage by your noble counsel.'31 They sat late that night; indeed until Christ mas morn ; and when they at last retired they had fully made up their minds what was best to be done ; and Harry felt more comforted than at any time since the knowledge of his ruin had broken in upon him. And before they went to bed, they formed a circle on their knees, and offered up an earnest prayer to the Giver of all good things, to guide and direct them aright, and to teach them patience in the hour of their trouble. Two weeks after this, Mrs. Tremaine, Milly, and Bella, were all three living upon the station of Colonel Gwynnon, near Waimanui, in the Waikato district, about 90 miles from Auckland city. Colonel Gwynnon was a widower, with two young children. He had advertised tor a housekeeper and a governess, and these appointments Harry had succeeded in securing for his mother and Milly, as well as permission for Bolla ito live with them as their companion. The colonel was a kind-hearted mid dle-aged gentleman, with strong " squatting" proclivities, and had a run as large as a princi pality. His little girls were aged respectively eight and ten, and these were the pupils of Miss Tremaine. Here then, in the Waikato country, were Mrs. Tremaine, Milly, and Bella, left in peace and comparative tranquility . (although Bella Btill secretly fretted a good deal at her misfortune); ivhile Harry onco more wont on his way in the world, he knew not whither, to seek his fortune. (TO BH CONTINUED.) 