As Electrical Exhibition was opened in Melbourne last week, and attracting much attention. There are shown in it illustrations of the manifold applications of what may fairly he termed the most wonderful scientific discovery of the nineteenth centuiy. A new physical force has been brought into action, bat a force of so subtle a kind that it almost passes into the region of the immaterial. There is no gainsaying, and no passing beyond, the plain evidence presented to the senseB; and the existence and potency of the electric force is made visible to the eye, and tangible to the hand, in a hundred different ways. Electricity is a fact as certain as steam or gas; and it is equally undeniable that it is bound to supersede both these agents ere long in the practical business of life- To convince the most sceptical of the reality of the revolution which is impending in locomotion and illumination, it is only sary to examine the various ingenious appliances set forth to view in the Melbourne Exhibition. In Paris and London similar exhibitions have been recently held, with results that have surprised the old world ; but the new force annihilates both space and time, and the wonder of yesterday in Europe is the familiar fact of today in remote Australia. The old proverb, that '* seeing is be!ieving," is strikingly applicable in this case. People may read and hear a great deal about the marvels of electricity, but the amazing truth respecting it is never fully realised by the mind until its effects are witnessed in practice. Everybody is familiar enough with its application in the transmission of messages with a rapidity thatalmost annihilates time and space, but how it can become a motive force, and how it can be transmuted into light, must be seen in order to be believed. There seems to have been prophetic 'intimations of the facts we now witness in the minds of the great thinkers of two centuries ago. BACON veiy distinctly prefigures the wonders to be achieved by some new agent in physical science that, in his day, remained still to be discovered. SHAKESPEARE had a glimpse of electricity when he wrote ot ARIEL'S feat of " putting a girdle round the earth in forty minutes;" and BEN JONSON, his contemporary, makes one of the charactei€ in Ids (days speak of making the world his gallery, despatching" a business with the antipodes in some three minutes, and negotiating transactions all over die globe in five o s n o o minutes more. It was reserved for the scientific men of - the last quarter of the nineteenth centuy to torn the dreams of the poets o and dream en of the seventeenth century into simple realities. It is, however, familiar knowledge in these' times that the lightning can "be -arrested in its course, and made en agency for ministering to the daily wants of men. The really miraculous developntent of the new force is not seen in the electric telegraph, striking as that instrument certainly - is. After aU, A. wire of a thousand miles in length may be made d to thrill as easily as a wire of only a a single yard long. AU that is required is a sufficiently powerful force applied to it But that the same invioUe power which sends the message along Ifce. .slender wire at .the fate of thousands of miles per boor may be anwtfwf in its eoitrae, and shown to a the eye as a:|»u» aid brilliant flamc^ exceUug gas in a greater degree tins gas f KXOEU THE tallow candle of domestic life;< that it can also be ^ M M in actun aa a ptopalnre force vady omcb potent l than steam, aud diatitt efiectasu/ be: i seeninboth theseforms, withoutiheieaft j Motbwn^preBtrfiiewthtyawjgtripoaa i —these are the almost incredible phenomena that are now being made familiar to the world's apprehension. It has been proved that electricity is not alone a force that may be generated and stored up for use at any time, but also a force that may be transmitted over any distance. A battery woiked (say) in Melbourne may be made to yield electricity that shall be used to light a dwelling in Ballarat; but, more than this, the very same battery may be working in Melbourne, and at the same time propelling an engine in Ballarat. A single copper wire of insignificant dimensions suffices to convey the force generated at one spot to another spot a hundred miles distant. A wheel set in motion at the homestead of a farm of 640 acres will propel the ploughs required to plough up the entire surface of the farm. Or, the engines of a score of mines may all be kept in motion by an electrical machine a mile distant from the nearest of them. In a word, the power for work (as one writer on the subject declares) " can be generated by any ordinary means, and at any place where the means exist, and can then be economically conveyed to the spot where it is to be usefully applied, without loss of time, and practically in full strength." Ail this is shown in actual visible operation in the Melbourne Exhibition. The advance of electricity, then, is no longer a fancy or a theory, but a positive fact. There is no more reason to doubt that this new force will be in fall activity in a few years, all over the civilised world, performing a vast number of offices in daily life which now seem to be far beyond its application, than there is that we now travel by the railway, and send* our messages by the telegraph. So astonishing is the revolution wrought by electricity, in fact, that people are slow to believe its possibilities, even when they witness them. As a witty Frenchman observed of another phenomenon, they "see it and don't believe it" But fact is fact, all the world over; and the great fact of the year 1882 is, that electricity is fast coming in to supersede both the old agents, gas and steam. A GOOD social work would be done in the organising of some plan for promoting the training of nurses for the sick. It seems that neither at home nor here is there an adequate supply of nurses; and in new communities like this, where there is still less settled life, and narrower circles of family connections, there is a larger proportion of the population embarrassed in times of sickness by the want of proper nurse-help. Those who have no family connections are necessarily ill off in time of sickness; but there are also many who, though they have relations, have none able to deal in a proper way with the exigencies of the sick room. The mechanical and diagnosing skill, the tact, the thoughtful presence of mind, the knowledge of the proper measures to adopt in the various crises of disease, the blended firmness and kindness which are a part of the trained nurse's gifts and acquirements, cannot reasonably be expected from the nearest and dearest of relations or neighbors if they have no experience in such matters. In cases of sudden disaster, of serious sickness in a family, how often would a trained nurse be welcomed as invaluable, and especially by the poorer members of society, but ^here can such assistance be procured now t In many instances, doubtless,-such help would mean the saving of life, and in most cases it would enable the family to secure proper care of the patient without the worry and household disorganisation which sickness GO often entails in other conditions. For the poor or the solitary and friendless, -such an nrgsnisation would be beyond all price, and even for the rich it would be a boon that would be very quickly appreciated. It would, moreover, furnish- a vocation for many women; and that, of itself, would be a social good, as it would help to redress one of the- social evils of our civilisation—the want of adequate employment for women. Sickness and the fear of .sickness would lose much of their terror if it were known that, In the event of need arising, there could always be a proper nurse obtained to take the management of the sick-room—a nurse in whom, to a natural vocation in that way, were added the trained skill and ready aptitude of the well-educated sickattendant. Our hospital wards would, we suppose, be the best fining grounds for nurses, but there must be a combinationof lay and professional labor for the organisation which we contemplate, and there must be in it, also, an element of active philanthropy. There is little doubt that such an organisation would eventually, probably in an early stage, bfecome commercially "good," and the demand for paid nurses be so extensive that the thing would be cm. established success in a commercial sense, but at the start it would most likely need some kind of subsidising. We have before us, in an English paper, the report of the " Salisbury Diocesan Institution for Trained Nurses," which is ten years ld, and has a credit balance and a uperannuation fund. Here, where our eeds and notions are different, it would "not be practical to adopt the English organisation altogether, and we nly refer to it by way o£ illustration f the existence of the want to which we are addressing ourselves, of its existence even in older and mere settled communities, and of the feasibleness of a scheme for its supply with skilled bands specially fitted for the impqrtant labors f the sick chamber. The Salisbury scheme is attached to the county infirmary, is cared for by doctors and ladies, is assisted by a subscription iist, and supplies nurses both gratuitously and on hire. Monthly nurses am supplied as well as nurses for general cases; and the report shows how well the needs of the poor were met, as it states that "no demand for a gratuitous case has beat refused uring die year." Jo exemplify the pcial want of such~ institutions WB quote further from the report" before us:—"The staff in the home is now le^nnrses, 5 monthly nurses, and four prohationers, tmt the demand is &r; in excess of the supply, and more probfr; turners are much wanted." So there, nd we venture to Bay here also, there exists * MM for tite exercise of the unctions for which' women are apeaally gifted—a field for tbedoing of what, in tie wocdi of Xord Kumr, iie-«faainiian:4fc. i&e; Salisbury meetng, «n "tha ^great works tS mercy nwriioaMl by cor liewd lad as being the duty of all Christians, that of nursing the sick." The ignorance, amounting almost to brutality, which exists in relation to sickness and sick duties, was referred to by the chairman as demonstrating the value and necessity of trained nurses. " In a well-todo family," he said, " there was a poor woman who was very 01, in fact dying, and she was left to the roughness—he did not suppose it was intentional unkindness, but arose from want of knowledge—she was left to the roughness and, one might almost say, barbarity of her relatives. In a very rough way they were dressing her, and had not thesligbtest idea—in fact, nobody had— that she was so near her death, but a skilled nurse would have known it They were ' pitching into her," saying unkind things to her, and there 'she was neglected, left in a state of dirt and filUi." This, we take it—for we are bound to hope so much—is an exceptional case, but it is, if all we hear be true, not absolutely unique, and it is certain that much suffering that might be obviated is endured, and many lives probably lost which might be saved, because of the want of nurses jLrained tothe discharge of the duties of the sick-room. In the Salisbury scheme there is no favoritism, for we read that " the first who came was first Served, whether rich or poor." And what was the result 1 Why, that " the earnings had actually paid for the maintenance, clothing, and wages, and he thought even the lady superintendent's salary." For (he last three years the earnings had risen from £338 to £804; and if -in the old country, where relatives and neighbors swarm round every house, so to speak, so eager is the demand for skilled nurses, it stands to reason that here, where every family is in some sense more isolated than in older communities, the need and the demand are as exigent, and in all probability more so. We have no doubt that many a reader of this article will be able to bear witness, either in his own experience or that of some relative or neighbor, of the accuracy of our assumption. And if we are right, then there is scope for the employment of many women, scope for doing much good, scope for the exercise of Christian charity, and of the kindly sympathies which are one of the rich dowers of most women. The following was folly explained by ns in our leader of Monday last. The increase arose, and etall arises, from the attendance at some of the country echoola falling oti^ and the disinclination of Ministers to discharge the teachers, who have thus become, as it were, enperfinona. Taese extras are filtered off to other schools as required. Hence there is no fault to find with what, only superficially regarded, may appear to be objectionable. Tbe Argus say a:—"A return has been prepared in the EJucation Department showing the number of assistant teacher* employed in excess of the strength allowed by the Act'at tbe time Mr Grant mssnmed office and the number at present engaged. When the Minister entered upon the administration of the department there were ninety-two above the statute limit. Since then, however, transfer* to other positions and resignations have brought the n amber down to twentyfive, which is the present excess." Interest in the midnight nunbler who wanders round the mnllock-heaps near the Victoria United mine, Princes street, Bal< Ural East, is increasing. Adventurous persons are of investigating the character of the ghost (who, by the way, is an original one, and dresses in black!, but his stonethrowing propensities deter them. He again made his appearance on Monday night, and a police constable wcmld probably have clutched him but for an unfortanate accident by which the officer did down one of the mullock-heaps rather precipitately. The dark visitor is said to have locked. the miners in the engine-honse a few nights since, and to have carried on in a manner which stamped "him aa a fiendish Innatac. It is impossible that the foolish individual will be at large many nights longer, as residents in the neighborhood are preparing io give him a warm reception. Meanwhile considerable commotion is existing in the minds of residents at the strange occurrence, and many are the speculations hazarded aa to who is so foolhardy as to risk the forcible insertion of pound or two of dnck-sbot in hi* body. Last night aiaiee number of pernooa went out, determined to " do" far the ghastly visitor, or die, bat, up to & late bour this morning, - he did not make hia appearance. From what we learn, it appears that the "ghost" consists ot an eccentric resident in the vicinity of tiie mine, bat still the miners and others at the claim do not feel at ease when on the night shift, aa on several occasions a number of persons have enrrbonded the mullock-heap on which he usually stands, and. yet, when they "went for him" at the summit, he suddenly disappeared The charge of perjury brought by James Mo may, of Boss' Creek, against Mark Bryant, arising oat of the recent cftttiestebbtsg case, ma heard at the Smythesdale Police Court yesterday, and was-quickly disposed of, as the magistrates dismissed the case without troubling the accused for his defence, it being dear that there was really no grounds for the charge. The complainant was asked by Mr Gaunt, who appeared for the defence, some pertinent questions as to the number of times he had appeared in that court to answer for various offences, bom horsestealing down to cutting wood without a .license, and, in reply, told the learned counsel that he had bran well paid to come out and blatherskite, reticence on the subject of enquiry on tbe ground that it had nothing to do with the case which was being heard. It is stated that Morrisy is in turn to be proceeded against for malicious prosecution, so probably the last has not been heard of these neighbors* quarrels. The old spirit of tho irrepressible Margaret Hints has again awakened, and she is now as often seen in the police courts as of yore. Her latest effort was yesterday, in the shape of an attempt to have her husband, Claris Hintz, bound over to keep the peaoe, an application for which she made at the (Sty Police Court. She has already announced her intention of opposing an application for a publican's license by her hnsband, and this was the cause of an alleged disturbance which took place on Friday last. Margaret said she was engaged hi the peaceful occupation of chopping wood, when Clans came op to ber and said, that if die interfered in his affairs IK would murder her, and \hen he struck her. She "made tricks," and ia taming round found ber axe a yard and a half in the rear, therefore presuming that it had been made a missile of her dans. The bench, from their former experiences-of Margaret, did not care aboo) taking her own word only, and asked for witnesses. She coold not produoe any, and CSaoa denying the impeachment, the case was dismissed. Margaret Hinti then went hurriedly in the direction of the door, and qJated the. bench with an incoherent string of words, which were not heard distinctly. The last seen of her yesterday mgnyng was in the beighberbood of apoltce constable. She pot her face within coe-eighih of an inch of his, and dare Onlookers" tamed their eyes in tenor for a moment^ and two seconds afterwards saw the. faatb Of the said police cpmUble two street comers oft A Mr Clesiy waited spoa the Bangareediire Council yesterday to aSk lhat body to cafcabme drains 1 tbe road nesr hia land, ppnnriBnr Paae < did. BO* consider theapplicatjona 1 OM^ and he made to ~tbe. dephdui. YOB got your hutd for rin&Wi;&aijgea; very Ugh rental for it. I adrae^ chat JOB go hornet take TOOT coat «£ aad do the wn. ynmsjt.^ Pie dgprtsHon ffifl not •O it ntorted. becasse I did aot tiM. Xob are not f ten jra* that' expressing his surprise at the deputation wanting the council to drain his land for him. Councillor Neville, replying at once to Councillors Tree and Crowley, sen tenuously remarked, "If we want to be respected, I think we ought to show some little respect for others." Councillor CalweU interposed, "This matter has already gone too far, and I can scao»ly exonerate the president from all blame in allowing it to do BO." At this psint the controversy, which was decidedly animated while it lasted, dropped; and in regard to Mr C3eary'a application, it was finally resolved to take no action upon it, Councillor Neville diesenti&g; from this decision. A rather novel case was heard at the Smythcsdsle Police Court yesterday, in which a man sued for payment for work which be admitted h$ did not do, but which he alleged was done for him by a subcontractor (who, however, said be was working for himself). The plaintiff; James Roach, agreed to remove an engine, &c..; for Mr Fox, of Had don, and arranged with Mr M'Lennan, the well-known house-mover, to do the work. Mr M'Lennan appeared to consider that Boach bad misled him as to the amount of wort to be done and assistance given, declined to have anything to do with Roach, and immediately afterwards agreed to do the whole work for Mr Fox, who did not care who did tbe job. Mr Fox paid M'Lennan for the work, although Boach served him with a notice not to coeo; whereupon Roach sued Ebx for the amount The bench, however, considered that Fox, had paid the right man, and dismissed the case. A lad named Glasson is reported to have shown symptoms of insanity during the past few days, brought on by a fright from some persons playing ghostly pranks before him in the early morning while On his rounds delivering newspapers at Alfredton. If a- practical joke was intended by some person, that person requires a severe punishment, as everyone is aware by this time what antics of the sort ale liable to do to the -minds of nervous persons. Tbe Evening Hail should get somebody with brains, of which it has not a very bonntifnl supply, to interpret Dickens for its edification. It would then learn that the Jefferson Bricks are those who endeavor to excite war scares, and not those who try, apoh reasonable grounds, to allay them. Mr C. Dyte, the hon. secretary of the local Jewish Belief Fund committee, on Monday forwarded the first remittance of £150 by draft direct to the London Mansion House Fond committee. A meeting of master hairdressers was held last night, at the Buck's Head hotel, to consider tbe advisability of a weekly half-holiday for the trade. A good number of leading tradesmen were present, and others sent apologies for non-attendance. Tbe matter was discussed "at some length, and ultimately it was resolved to recoipmend Thursday afternoons as the most suitable time for the half holiday. It is thought that the day selected will be the most satisfactory one for customers,. and with 'that idea a deputation will wait upon the various other hairdressers in Ballarat this morning for the purpose of obtaining their consent to the propossL The meeting was adjourned till next Friday night; and a vote of thanks to the chairman terminated the proceedings. A few months ago we suggested that the following should be done between the Ballarat Post Office and the Corner. We repeat the suggestion now. The Age says:—"The members of the Bcndigo Stock Exchange some time since made. application tothe Telegraph Department for a branch office at the Beehive, and I understand the request is likely to be acceded to." A case of acadet fever is reported to have broken out in the family of a Mr Griffiths, residing off Josephs street, Ballarat East Hie Bangareeshire Council held its usual monthly meeting yesterday, and dealt with a foil business sheet of routine matters. The usually namerona and plaintive deputations did not attend, but with one deputation some of the councillors had a little difference. The work of reputing some of the main roads is be calculated that it will be completed by the end of the month. The Minister of Public Works having intimated that he would favorably consider an application for assistance towards thoroughly repairing some of the main roads of the shire, it was decided at the council meeting to mention the Dead Horse, FeUmongets, Melbourne North, and State Forest roads as those most nigently requiring amending. The annual ball in aid of the Geelong Hospital was held in the State school, Beremboke, on Friday night, the 2nd June. The weather was very unfavorable, yet there was a good gathering in the building. Dancing was kept up till midnight, when an excellent supper was provided by the committee. Dancing was soon resumed, and kept up with great spirit till daylight. The result financially was very good, the funds of the hospital being supplemented to the extent of £6—an increase of £2 on a ball for a similar purpose held last year. The thanks of the committee are due to Mr G. Smith, of Meredith, who gave his services (music) free. The working committee also did good service by selling so many tickets. Mr W. Biandford, who has been connected with the local telegraph office for over twenty years, is, we understand, about to leave for Melbourne to occupy an important position in the head office. Mr Blandford's removal takes place on his own desire, as he wishes to try 3 a change of residence will prove beneficial to his health. He will not be allowed to depart without carrying with him some memento of the goodwill of his coadjutors in ths Ballarat office. The chilly little court-house at Smythesdale would require to be subdivided to enable all the different kinds of Government business which was to have been transacted there at eleven a.m. yesterday to be carried on at the same time. There was the police court, the warden's court;-and a land sale, Ihe consequence being that the would-be purchasers bad to listen for about two hours tothe dull details of the cases before the courts prior to their business being transacted. Why will not the land officers fix on some other day than court day for their land sales aad land boards, and thus consult the convenience of those who have to do business at thoise places ? We have. been requested by tbe police to draw attention" to the following notification received from the Adelaide authorities, m connection with the disappearance of a little lad named Charles Grimes, and whose whereabouts is anxiously desired to be known. The Gazrttz says:— 11 Missing from his father's house, Kew, Le Fevxe'a Peninsula, S A-, once three o'clock on Sunday, 16th April last, Chutes Grimes, aged eight years, fair, dressed in grey tweed suit (tunic cot coat and knickerbocker trousers), grey cap with * Bacchante' in gold letters on band ; black stockings, lace-up boots." Any information concerning the above will -be thankfully re- ceived by the police, who also have photographs of tbe lad on view. TTie cultivation and preserving of French plums aboold become an important industry amongst formers and housewives, judging from the practical experience of lbs James Curtis, who has now on view at the shop of Mr George finiMi, in Armstrong struct, some dried samples of the* fruit named, in all re- •pects equal,' and 3n flavor superior; to that imputed bom -abroad. 'It is well known that 'the BaOant district is is every way adapted-to the-growth of plums, and of the French variety Mr Curtis has tar Ha last three yes* had abundant gatherings bom ate bee, which Mis Curtis has dried in the most simple way, that lady having last year alone "preserved fully 1£0 lb. of the fruit. " The price paid fay vendors of the inmorteii FFG3M£I ^ftnms ia la 6d per lh, hit judges to whom the local preserves have been submitted prefer the latter; and; taking into cmuideiatios, therefore, tbe little tabor required, there is no reason why the'^ceservatioa of the fruit aboold not lie pzufitably followed by «ray orchardist and farmer'a wife in the district; who would thus be enabled to add very materially to the revetmeof the household. In the first place the bees can he obtained, we bdieve, bom almost every snreoymah, fcnd when ia bearing, all that is luutwiy is for the fruit to be phn&ejl; when fully ripe, -in dry weather (care bong taken that the akin of tbe fruit ia not wet), and each plain laid ade ty aide OB boards or trayi, aad allowed to rest in •boae Shady place. The trays may be placed ti&a; in a dwelling-boose^ a barn, ot in the n air, until the plnms are dried, which I generally be la ttiree.or four wades, bat Mre nmst be taken to keep thaia from tbe ma of tba sun, or fermentation willeBSoev wiudcaae tha fnift-witl •fttrwarfs beenae.-monldy. After tnag dried by this suspfeproceaa tbe .plums are packed away andknitfor a coojHe of yens if iininsij. and will always retain their perfect bloom aad « flaror superior to. tbe tat French prime. Suk a pmisuni^ also; fiads a ready sale, and from the mode of drying it will be seen that .the whole operation may be performed by a young person. As we have stated,-our climate is very favorable to the growth of the plum, ana from the results attained by Mrs Curtis it will be readily understood how profitably such as industry could be followed iu connection with faming, when twenty, or even fifty, French plum trees could always be cultivated with such little trouble. Messrs R. U. Xicholls and Co., seedsmen, had a fine collection of apples on view at their establishment, Armstrong street, yesterday. Included in the collection were thirty-six varieties, and they consisted of both cooking and dessert apples, the whole of which were grown in this district. The fruit was of first-class quality: the display of pippins, Beinette du Canada, and Northern Spy, being especially good. Mr Joseph Keith, produce merchant, has been elected without opposition to the seat in the Smythesdale Borough Council, rendered vacant by the removal of Dr Jordan to Ballarat. A rehearsal of the concerted pieces of Scottish music to be sung at the Orphan Asylum concert on Friday next, took place last evening, and every item went with a smoothness and verve which gave token of aesidnous and well-directed practice. A noticeable feature was the enunciation of the words, the rich musical Doric being brought out in a manner that Would do credit to those " to the manner born." As a wrong impression lias got abroad with reference to the collection of poems entitled " Casket of Gems," we are authorised to state that the authoress, who uses the pseudonym "Mona Marie," is Mrs Banes, of Doveton street. We are glad to hear that 500 copies have already been sold, and that the demand for more is widespread and active. A somewhat important communication (Bays the Bcndigo Advertiser) was read before the Eaglehawk Council on Monday, from the Chief Secretary's Office, forwarding the copy of an opinion given by Sir Bryan O'Loghlen. as Attorney-General, that "companies which are corporate bodies are not entitled to have their shareholders placed on the roll as joint owners, if the property is owned by, and is held in the name of, the corporation." Councillor Kirk wood said the opinion was absurd on the face of it. He asked—Who would represent the company ? Who would exercise the privilege of voting? Councillor Cook said the companies were quite as much entitled to have votes as some of the clubs in Melbourne. The mayor considered that the Attorney-General's opinion was very onesided. The Catherine Company pud £-26 a-year in rates, and why should it not be represented on the roll 7 Councillor Kirkwood said that the opkion was only that of one person, after alL f?hey themselves knew as much about it as Sir Bryan O'Loghlen. It was ultimately resolved that the town clerk write to Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, asking him who are to be placed on Hie roll for mining' companies, and also to ask in what position banking corporations stood. Aayoung tnan aged twenty, named Fiulay Matheson, State school teacher at Katnnga, died (says the Telegraph.) on Monday morning after suffering for three days,.death being caused by a severe cold. He was much respected by all who knew him, and bis death has cast quite a gloom over the neighborhood. Hia remains will be conveyed to Maryborough, where his parents reside. The Sydney Bulletin announces that -the Agent-General for New South Wales, Mr Saul Samuel, having been recently knighted, has commissioned Mr Tennyson, the poet laureate, to write an ode on the event, to be entitled " Hand Saul Round." Thirty members of the Sydney carpenters' and joiners' societies answered the roll call (says the Age). The strike committee will be appointed on Monday, as a number of masters have yielded to the demand. It is believed no serious dispute will occur. The Commissioner of Customs (says the Telegraph) was busily engaged on Monday in attending to matters in connection with the department, getting papers cleared off, and disposing of purely routine work. He confined himself to dealing with matters lying in abeyance, and did not enter upon any questions of policy, or make any appointments. Mr Justice Williams (remarks the Herald) is said to be the best amateur boxer iu the colony. He is also a distinguished rower and pedestrian. The reported sticking-up of the Menindie mall boy on three different occasions lately has proved (says the Age) to be false. The police, after a week's search, found the three hogs untouched, having been planted in different places by the toy, who is only ten year* old. It ia supposed that he invented the story because he did not relish getting op early in the winter mornings to run the nuil over tbe mfwintiinB. A branch of the Amalgamated Miners' Association was formed at St. Arnsud (says the Argus) on Saturday evening. Thirtyfive members were enrolled, and it is expected' that many more will join immediately. According to the fferald, Mr C. E. Jones declares his intention of opposing Mr Berry at Geelong, at the next election. A man named John Fisher (Bays the Agr ) attempted to get into the ten minutes past six up train from Broadford on Monday morning while it was in motion, but fell in tile act, and was badly bruised against the carriages. The train was stopped, and the injured man taken on to the Kilmore Hospital. Arthur H. Icke, the postmaster, who levanted from Baldwiosville, near Tatura, a few days ago, was arrested (saya the Age) by Constable Webb at Broadford on Monday evening. He will be brought before the Kilmore bench, and a remand to Tatura applied for. Seventeen claims for compensation for injuries received on the occasion of the Windsor railway accident have been settled by the Railway Department for the sum of £1260, bnt (adds the Age) several of the larger^Claims, ranging up to £1000, have yet to be dealt with. Passengers overland to Adelaide are reminded by advertisement in another column that to catch the coach at Hamilton they must leave the Ballarat West station by tbe train which departs at 10.35 p.m., Sundays The Australian Natives* Association will meet at Gnu's hotel this evening, at ei_ o'clock, for the nomination of officers, and other business. Tenders for various works are invited this morning by the Ministers of Education and Railways. Particulars will be found in oar advertising columns. In order to enable Mr Rail's friends to attend the lecture at the School of Mines, they will meet at Craig*e bote! at seven o'clock this evening, instead of eight, as advertised. A degree meeting of the loyal Pioneer and Ballarat lodges of' the LO.O.F. wOl be held in the Societies' Hal], Grenville street, this* evening, at eight o'clock. The grandmaster of the order is jexpected to be present. The Prince Albert Lodge, LO.G.T., will meet in (he" City Fire'Brigade 'hall this evening, at eight o'clock. The'usual social tea in connection, with the Ballarat Young Men's Christian Association win he held on .Thursday evening next. All members are requested to attend. The aeoond of the winter coarse of popular acience lectures at tbe School of Mines will he given this evening by the Rev. T. £. Ick, SLA., ofSandhUTEt, who will take for his subject "The wonders of coral life." The grand art exhibition in aid of the Chines nee library will be opened this evening in the town hall, dunes, by Mr R. H. Bland, president of the institution, and be con tiused for fourteen days. A battalion parade and official inspection of the B.V.R. will be held this evening at half-past seven o'clock, and every member of the corps is expected to be present. A meeting of contractors in tin bonding trade will be held at the Buck's Head hotel on Thursday evening, at right o'clock. 