tales and sketches. ' A CHRISTMAS LOVE. BY GEO. MANVILLE FENN. Cuaithk ii.— Thb hbaboh cob tub Mai.cu- NANT. I pritueo bo aiiont, James," whiaparod my ,In(|thor Do you wish to do us harm ?" i a . ' Sweetheart," ho said, kissing tho hand no took from Ins lips, "or I would havo said it in the awoshbuckling knave's tooth. A urotfcv cutpurso, canting kuavo, to come swaggering into an honest gentleman's houso ! But thoro .they go to soarch," ho continuod, as tho leador and bo vera! men passed the window, holding' their horses' bridles in thoir bauds, and ovi- donfcjy about to stahlo thotn iu one of tho out buddings, "Search, indood ! That means wring fowls' necks, and help thomsolvos to all they can find. I'll go and protect my belong- tugs at all ovonts." " Nay," said. my mother firmly ; "thoushalt not go, Jamos, You may forget to bo prudont, and for our boy's sake, lot thoro be no angry - words," ...... " Well, my Quoon of Shoba," ho Baid reluc tantly, 1 11 stop in, for if I woro to boo ono of tho closely cropped dogs helping himself to aught of mtno, I should assuredly smite him, as thoy say, hip and thigh." "And my bravo husband would bo cut down by a trooper's sword foi r his pains," said my mothor quiotly, as sho laid hor bauds upon his shoulders affectionately, and prosaod him baok into his chair, "Lotty," sho continuod, " bid Prudonco place the chino. and loaves of bread. l«iuvjr ui ttiu UU UIU tuvuuuil tUUUJ. X warrant mo tho men are hungry after their tUlo through the snow," ' " Did'st over sc'o a great coward led moro easily by a Biken thread, Letty, ray child," said my fatlior with a oomioal Rinilo upon his faco, as I ran over to him and kissed him, " I'vo lost all my man hood now," " Nonsouso, father, dear," I said, laugh ingly, and then ran out into the kitchen. As I opened tho door there was the sharp roport of an arquebus outside, and 3?rti shrieked aloud, whilo as I ran to tho window it was to scoacouplo of tho dragoons cantoring ovor tho snow in pursuit of a running mau, ono of tho dismounted men being slowly en gaged in ro-Joading bis piece. " Why are thoy chasing our Andrew ? " cried my father, excitedly, as ho too ran to tho wiudow, "Ah, mind ! run lad, run. Oh, that I should havo to stand quiet hore. Look, girl, look, tho cowardly ruffian has ridden mm down." My heart seomod to ris6 to my lips as I saw our man Androw run swiftly over tho snow with tho dragoons in pursuit. Androw doubled and evaded hie fMirsuors aoveral times, thoraon cutting at him with thoirswords, as he stopped short and lot them pass sovoral times over. But tho poor follow seemed to bo growing spoilt, auduis feot to bo gotting cloggod witu tho snow, so that at last one of the men over took him and scorned deliberately to force his horso to trnmplo him under foot. I felt giddy with excitement for the moraonb as I saw Andrew roll ovor in tho snow, but tho next miqute he was afoot again, and run ning off in a fresh direction. The effort was in vain though— there was no escape, for tho second dragoon deftly throw a rope ovor our sorving man's nock, dragged it tight, and thus haltered, poor Androw gave up ; tho dragoons turned their horsos' heads after threatening their captive with the points of thoir swords, and caiho slowly back towards the manor, "Tho Hldooking ruffians I" muttered my father, fuming willi rage, "Ah, Letty, ray child, what a degenerate Nugent I am, not to draw my sword and run to that poor fellow's hoi p." My heart again beat painfully, as ho turned to the door, aud I fallowed close bohind, to play my mother's part of protectress, should it bo ncedful,and checkmy father in any outburst of anger against our visitors, "Ifavoyougot tho scarecrow 2" cried the Captain as"poor lAndrow was dragged iguo- miniously up to the door. "Ay, Master Barnaby," said one of the men with a hoarse laugh ; "roped and ready for tho nearest treo. Shall wo search him 2" "What has my man Andrew been doing 2" said my fathor quietly. "Your man ?" said tho Captain, "My man Andrew, who works about tho place," roplied my fathor, biting his lip, and looking pule with suppresod anger. "Tbon why did he run cried the Captain angrily, "Harkyo, Master Nuaent ;wo wore searching round thoro by that old ivy-covered, stable or thine." , 'Av?" Dffirl mo fntJint '"tlio nl/1 nrinn/1 chapel." "Chapel or stable, or homo of papist mum roerics" cried the Captain, "itB tho same. My mon were searching whon this dog ran out, and one of my follows firod at him. How do I know that hois your man2" "I toll you he is," said my father, hotly;' and the Captain laid bis band upon his sword "What made you run away, Androw ?' said my father, turning to the poor fellow, who looked white and dozed with fright. "Anan, mastCB, ananl" ho faltered. "I say what made you run, my lad 2" said my father again, "I was scared, master," replied Andrew, looking timorously from one to tho other ; and certainly his aspect supported his words. "Scared, thou prating asB 1" cried tho Cap tain scornfully. "Bo not scared again when search !b going on for tho bullet sent in the chaso may pierce" thy Jskin ; set him at liberty and continuo thefaearch." The man who held the rope gave it a jerk and then proceeded to unloose it, footing Andrew, who gave mo a peculiar look as he passed close by. "Aro you hurt, Androw 2" I said, for the poor follow looked vory pale. "Only a bit bruised mistress," lio'said with shaking voice. "Why, Androw, man," said my fathor, "you look as if you bad seen a ghost." "Yes, master," said tho poor follow, with a shiver, and giving me another strange glance he turned away. Tho troopers searched everywhere, their nctionB seeming to fascinate me, as regardless of tho cold'I wtitchod them, thinking .of the consequences to tho poor cavalior, whom they had hunted down, and who nrght have taken refugo in our place. They thruat thoir long swords into the hay and straw as they went through barns and stables, and ondod by com ing in .and searching tlio house from top to bottom, "He must have escaped during the night," said Barnaby at last, gazing suspiciously from ono to tho other. "Very likply»" said myjfathor. "You know he did," said Barnaby suddenly, and, laying his hand upon tho table, he ap proached his faco closo to my father's and gazed at bun searcbingly. " No strangor but you has sot foot within our door for days," said my mother calmly. "Breakfast is now freshly spread, Captain, if you will partako of our hospitality." Barnaby glanced from one to tho other uneasily, cowed as he was by my mother's jirmnes8,bnt angored by tho firo that blazed in my father's eye. He evidently longed to make time ho folt an itching to show his powers as a N lighting man whoro bo could do so safely, and that seemed to bo tho caso hero. Failing, too, in the capture of tho huutod Koyalist, he longed to make a seizure of ono suepcotod of harboring hiin. ..." A storm was ovidontly browing for my father could brook the fellow's insolenco no longer, and I trembled, for I knew too woll by his eyo that my mother would soon bo unable to restrain bim. - Tbrico ovor I bad seen him glance at the sword standing in tho coiner, and now tho timo seemed to havo come, for after a . moment's hesitation, tho Captain turned sharply round, seized me by tho wrist, and exolaimed as he dragged mo closo to him, " 1 shall get the truth from you." (To be continued.) 