[?] The Austral has been and gone, and people have deemed themselves justified in doing a growl because they have not been permitted to go on board and inspect her. The Austral was too busy ; she had no time -to waste in getting ready for show purposes Upon Sunday she was in deshabille, not at all fit to be 1 The Ship of the Age. seen, -and during every hour of every other day and night cranes and cranks have been going like mad over each separate hatch ; men have been flying to and fro ; tarpaulins have been hung up over every cabin door; dust and dirt and confusion seemed everywhere. She has hummed with labour like a hive of bees. Of course all the world has been per mitted to gaze from the wharf, and a large part of the world has availed itself of the privilege. The wharf on Sunday afternoon was packed with passengers, thick I The JEvent of the Week. as the pit at the Royal on the first nightof a pantomime ; aind the water all around was fairly alive with boats. ' If the captain of that boat were a Yankee,' said a wiseman, 'he would open all his gangways and put on money- takers.'' The captain was not a Yankee, and so he missed a chance. The people were not permitted, The Return of the Honest Cornstalk. either for love or money, to gaze at the gorgeous interior ; but they saw the magnificent bulk covering 160 yards of the quay, and towering up like an iron fortress along the whole length ; and probably they ?went away impressed with the importance of Aus tralia, or the enterprise of the Orient Company, or the' ingenuity of man; for the Austral does testify strongly to each and all of those matters. A big Bhip is about the biggest thing this world holds, and there are not many bigger ships than the Austral upon any seas. 'When all ablaze at night, tearing through the Water at the rate of 17 knots an hour, throbbing and panting with the great life of her engines, she looks something very strong and terrible, like — it is very hard to say what she is like, but something like the eternal old sea serpent or a Viking's vision of his war-god, Thor. She expects to be back in something under four months. We will talk about the silk and velvet of her cabins then. ' If this business goes on much further, it will lead to the boycotting of Irishmen throughout the Empire.*' That was the remark of a wise man on hearing the news of the plot for killing the Prince of 'Wales. It was not a wise remark, because it is not probable, and barely possible, and by no means advisable. If such a process began, the Irish would become as fixed as the Jews, with a speciality for dynamite instead of usury. People were in a high state of agitation when that first rumour went abroad. It seemed like the birth of another Guy Fawkes Day. Good Irishmen looked ashamed of their country as they went along the street, and a good many men whose names begin with the great O went out to take down their signs. But later on it was found to be a rumour. It was not a Fenian plot to lift his Royal Highness skywards, but a gatheringof fire works to make a fizzinhis honour j — crackers, not bombs. 'What a difference it j made. AVednes- f day morning's | papers brought s as much con solation as a proclamation of peace. S t rangely ? enough, that story of treason and murder and Y\ /» m T» e n rt d crackers came to us on the 4th July, American I Independence Day — Hail Columbia and Star-spangled Banner Day — the day when every American who MiArtfa AtiAf^r -PaaIc /HftrvncnH cnv Tialloluinli and not good morning. Independence Day is a great day to America, a sort of Accession Day and Magna Charta Day and Coronation Day and Separation Day or Federation Day rolled into one. It is worth celebration ; but one would imagine the celebration might take some better shape than a ball. It seems to an outsider that if this celebration of Independence means anything it is a calling up of all those great men who laboured and fought and died to attain it for some annual tribute of worship and remembrance. Imagine the old ghosts standing out in all sulemn earnestness as they stood upon the day when American Independence was born, and then their descendants, by way of testifying adora tion and esteem, beginning to waltz before them. The proper tone for the day would seem to be' an organ roll, and not the twang of a fiddle string; the proper ceremony, some meeting of men who would bring the old time and the old' heroes back, and glorify the one with great words, and drink to the immortal memories of the others in great bumpers of wine. But, then, another question comes, and an important question also : what should the women do? Was not independence won for them also? We are not prepared with an answer for the second question, but the first seems met by a confession : Women can't talk — in the sense in which the word is used here, and they ought not to drink, and so the neces cittr nf fho wnlt7 onmPR in. PftrhfltlS t.hf' Americans are quite right in the matter, as they always are ; but if women can't talk they can listen, | and listening would do them more good than waltzing, and please George Washington better also. If there had been any American in Hay upon the 4th he might have got upon a hill, or a housetop rather, for hills are amongst the things which nature has not be-' i stowed upon Hay, I and have imagined 1 that he was in his ' native land again. He would have seen green boughs and banners waving, black coats in all the streets, pretty bonnets in all the balconies, all the ' city crowding and ' jostlingand hooray ing and rejoicing over the great boon awarded to them by the Grace of God and the Rail way Department of New South Wales. The American, of course, would have to shut his eves and imagine it was independence aiid not railways they were talking about. He could do that. Americans have a strong imaginative faculty. But if he had got down amongst the crowd he could never have imagined himself in America. There would be nothing American about that crowd. It would be as 1 mixed a mob of Australians as were ever got together. I Strangers from far lands would be there, navvies with j clean moles and flannels, and shearers would be there, long-legged fair-faced natives Of the mountains, and lank Ballow youths from the plains, mustering for the work that will be in full swing next month, and the lordly Riverina squatter would be there if he did not chance to be disbursing the results of the last shearing in London or Paris, and the old Riverina loafer would be there, knowing well that there would be crumbs enough from the feast to fill his ration bags. The Paternal Distribution of Stores : An incident in Sydney i« the fag end of the 19 th century. The Plaintive Plaintiff. Jemmythe Wanderer would be there if he has not yet wandered away from the world, and Old Daddy Shy the Wire would be there if he has not yet parted company with life ; and either would rep&v; halfan hour's listening better than did any of those dignitaries who went along to talk. Any except old Sir John that is. Sir John's conversation or oratory is just as agreeable as is that of any old whaler on the river. His manner is as agreeable, his action as ? .'4L ? 1 UC U1CB9CD ttilU QncalD WLUi CL^Utll fluency, and is so manifestly a relic and a creation of the good old times, that, next to an old hand who can tell stories of the flogging days, Sir John is about the most entertaining speaker Australia holds. Of course, Sir John was amusing at Hay. The results of his land law are so plain all along the route to Hay. Those big fenced pad docks and huts that accommodated free selectors once, are such good evidence that such a thing as dummying never did exist; and then about 5,000,000 of acres of land selected or purchated, and not an acre of wheat growing, that is spienaia evi dence of the power of the land law to settle a thriving popu- , lation upon the j land. Sir John J had a splendid 'J text for a ser- fs mon there, pro- j[| bably his well known modesty kept him from preaching it. .?*= He talked about the railway, or t- rather intro- & duced Mr. Lac key to talk, j winch Mr. . Lac- ' key did and very well, for Mr. Lackey is about the best of that strong Govern ment; heal ways ?talks sense, and does not blow more than the occasion requires. ' For the four women awaiting engagement, there were no less than 103 applicants.' There is a nut to cracic tnat contains a goodly kernel. Five-and-twenty mis tresses competing for one maid. Is it a marvel that the maid should take high ground and demand high wages. If five-and-twenty pur- ' chasers of the commodity you or I manufacture came to us eager to purchase will not our selfapnraise ment, and our notions of the value of our wares, be r.rvrisirlpraKlv increnspd ? Shall wo nnt ho say, ' This work of ours has an exceptional value, and we ourselves are men of no ordinary deserving. Good dealer, I may condescend to traffic with you, but I - am not anxious, not at all anxious. My price is — well, let us multiply the present rate by four ?' It is not likely that we should be one iota more modest than Bridget is if we were similarly placed. Poor Bridget, it is as bad for her as for her mistress that she is so scarce in 'the land. She gets ' cheeky' and does not get rich. A better immigration system would mend the matter on all sides. Why didn't the Premier do something while in England ? He said before he went away that if he did anything in England he would move a little in the way of promoting desirable immigration. It appears that he has done a good deal, and yet has left that undone, or at least we have not heard any thine about. it. Perhaps the Premier does his really good deeds in secret, and only permits the correspondent to tell the stories of his dinners — and the first thing we shall know of what he has done for the cause of immigra tion will be the result. Half-a-dozen immigrant ships coming through the Heads together, and every mistress able to get half-a-dozen maids. A few days ago, while turning over some of the files which fill the numerous shelves of the Sydney Morning Herald library, I spent a few minutes perusing the first few numbers of the Sydney Herald , which started as a weekly in 1831. It is neatly printed, but only half the size of the ordinary issue of the Echo. There is ample material for a good volume in the first file of the Herald, which a few months from its publication boasts that its cir culationhas reached 750, 'the largest of any journal in the colony.' One para graph is specially worthy of attention. In this the Herald notices with plea sure the spirited efforts then being made to introduce steam navigation into the colony. The Surprise, a steamer, had been just finished, and was engaged in trade, another was in course of being built. The latter vessel was to be 70 feet long, and ' to have an engine of 16 -horse power. With fair weather it was thought she would be able to steam from the Hunter . to Port Jackson between sunrise and sunset. This item, placed by the side of the late o/tpnunffi a# 4-Vin Austral, which has a record of 32 days between Ply mouth and Sydney, and the Maitland, now engaged in the Hunter trade, which steams 14 knots, very clearly illustrates the changes which half a century has wrought. So much for sea traffic, now for land. In May, 1831, so bad were the' roads that the Royal Mail between Liverpool and Sydney had to be drawn by six horses ; time, about five hours. In July of this year we read and hear complaints concerning the slowness of communication between Melbourne and Sydney, as the time, 26 hours, is - considered at least one-fourth too long. But in the matter of the struggles between labour and capital, we have not made many strides forward, On the 2nd November, 1830, his 'Majesty King William the IY. addressed the Parliament in the following terms : — ' I deeply lament that in some dis tricts of the country the property of my subjects has been endangered by combinations for the destruction of machinery, and that serious-losses haye'beensus tained throuch the acts of wicked incendiaries.' In the first issue of the Sydney Herald., 18th April, 1831, this state of terrorism is further illustrated by the statement — ' An Organised system of matehine breaking and stack burning is pursued in Kent.' In the old country at the present time there are Dispenser A. to Doctor B. : ' Can1 1 we equitably divide the btisi n ess of killing thepublic ?' the Irish riots and murders, while here we have our Raspberrv Gully trouble?, and our Borehole strike. * Larceny of literary matter is 6o very uncommon here that my readers will be astounded' to hear that in America and England newspaper paragraphs such as locals, telegrams, &c.;, are very often taken without the slightest acknowledgment. Now in Signor F—- — r : ' This , ladies and gentlemen, is the inimitable political acrobat.' England when newspaper people are suspected of being guilty of mean practices a trap is baited. Lately several journals were caught by the St. James Gazette. This journal reported a meeting of 'The Fourin Hand Coaching Club'' the afternoon of the day (Saturday) which it took place, but among the notables mentioned .was one, tnat oi a well-known gentle man, who was not there. Some of the morning papers re produced the report in an amplified form, and of course did not omit the name in question. The St. James, in an iron ical paragraph, notices it as an ex traordinary blunder, as it was made by so many reporters. Here is a girl. That is enough. Girls never strike, though this dainty damsel is evidently prepared to kick. She is arrayed for ye glorious football fray. She is not yet permitted to* play football. Society ta booes that pastime to big girls and it may be presumed that this is abig girl, though she is de cidedly in short frocks. Poor girl, she thinks it hard tlist flip hnrsi fthmild to have all the fun themselves but when we estimate j the frightful possibilities of the game if it was allowed \ to be mixed, it is impossible to plead her cause. She must be content to wear tight jerseys and striped I socks, and watch the boys ; and perhaps that is the best sport after all. \- ? ? i * _ » i The Footfall Costume. 