[?] TWO 01 A TOWER. BY THOMAS HARDY, Asxhoe of 'Fab Feom the Madding Crowd.1' ^Published hy special arrangements -with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter VII. A fog deformed all the trees of the park that morning; and the white atmosphere adhered 1o the ground like a fungoid growth, -from it. and niide the turicd undulations look slimy slid raw ; bat L&dy; Constantino settled -down in her chair to a-rait the coming of the late curate's son with a serenity which the ?vast blank* outssde could neither destroy nor bafilc. At two minutee to t-.relve the door-bell raB2\ and a look overspread the lady's fac3 4hat -was neither maternal, sisterly, nor ?amoicus. but parttok in an indescribable manner of all three. The door -was flung ?oren and the young jnaii was ushered in, in the fog still clinging to _ hia hair, ?which she could still discern a Utfcle notch ?where she had nipped off the curl. A speesh lessncss that socially was a defect in him 'was to her view a piquant attribute just now. He looked rather alarmed. ' Lady ?Constantine, have I done anything?' he began breathlessly, as he gazed in her face **rith parted lips, ' Oh, bo, of course not. I have decided to -do something ; nothing more,' she said, hold ing up her hand, which he rather gingerly touched. 'Don't look so concerned. Who wakes cquaiorials V This remark was like the drawing of a wcir 'iiatch, and she was speedily inundated with *U she wished to know on that head. When lie had imparted the particulars he waited, manifestly wishing to know whither these enquiries tended. ** I am net going to buy yoa one,' she said, .gently. He Icoicd as if he would faint. 'Certainly not. I did not wish it. I — I -could net have accepted it,' said the young anan. ' But I am going to buy one for myself. I lack a hobby, end I shall choose astronomy. I shall fix the equatorial on the column, Swithin brightened uj-. 'And 1 shall let you have the use of it whon «ver you choose. In brief, Swithin St. CleeTe sball be Lady Constantins's astronomer- royal, -and she ? '?' ' Shall lac bis Queen.' The words were not much the worse for %e!iig' uttered in the tone of one only aiisiious to complete a tardy sentence. 'Weil, that's what I have decided to do,' resumed L?^y Constantine. ' I will write to these opticiaiio at once.' There seemed to be no more for him to do ?than to tbaiik her for the privilege whenever it should be available, which he promptly did ; then made as if to go. But Lady Constantine ?detained him with — ' Eavc you ever seea my library?' 'Ifo, never.' *' You don't say you would like J;o 'see it.' 'But! should.' 'It is the third door on the right. You can Snd yoiii1 ?wsy in and you can stay there as leng as you like.' .Switbin then left the morningTooin for the ?aparlmejit designated, and amused himself in that ' soul of the house,' .as Cicero defined it, till he heard the lunch-bell sounding from the tuner, when he came dotrn from the library si eps and thought it was time to go iiomc. But at that moment a servaat en tered to enquire whether he would prefer to 'have bis lunch brought in to him there, aad upon his replying in the affirmative a large tray arrived on the stomach of a footman, *cd Swiihin was greatly surprised to see a t. hole plieasant placed at his disposal. Having breakfasted at eight that morning, Slid having been much in the open air after wards, the Adonis- astronomer's appetite as sumed grand proportions. How mash of that pheasant he might consistently cat wi shout hurting 'bis dear patroness L*dy Oonstac tice's if clings, islicu lie could readily eat it *H, was a problem in which the reasonable ness of a larger and larger quantity argued itself inversely a* a smaller and saialle'-1 Tyjantity Ttiauincd. When he at lengtii hid fifjally decided on a terminal point in the tody* the door was gently opened. ' Oh — yon have not finished V came to hioi ?overJiis shoulder in a considerate voice. 'OL Jts, tfcank joa, Lady Constantine,' lie saiu, jumping up. 'Why did j-ou prefer to lunch in this aTrkwas-d. «'usty place T' 'I ihocghfc it would be better,' said ^within slruply. ' TLerc is fiids in iiie other room, if you ^ikc io come. But perhaps you would rather act J' 'Oh yrs, I should much like to,' said -SwiiJiJE.Vaikicg over his capkia and follow ing her £.s tte led the way to the adjoining spurt siif nt. Here, while she asked Lini what he had been rtsAing, he modestly ventured on aa apple, in whose flavor he recognised the f aniiiliai- issus of old friends robbed f 'rom her husband's orchards in her childiiood, lonj; before Lady Constantine's advent on the scene. She supposed he had confine! his se&r;«h to his cvm sublime subject, attro jnomy. Swithin sudficnly became older to the eye as bis thcugssta reverted to the topic thus re ~introdux«d. 'Yes,' he informed hev. 'I aeldom read any other subject. In these days the secret of productive study is to avoid well.' ' Did you find any good treatises V 'None. The theories in your books are almost as obsolete as the Ptolemaic system. Only fancy, that magnificent Cyclopaedia, leather-bound, and stomped in gilt, and wide margined, and bearing the blazon of your bonse in magnificent colors, says th.it the twinkling of the stars is probably caused by heavenly bodies passing in front of them in their revolutions ' ' And is it not so? That was what I learnt when I was a girL' The.modcrn Eudoxus cow rose above the cnVbarassing horizon of Lady Constantine's great house, magnificent furniture, and in spiring fool men. He became quite natural, all his self-consciousness fled, and his eyes spoke into hers, no less than his lips to her ears, as he said, 'How such a theory can ever have lingered on to this day beats con jecture ! Francois Arago, as long as fif by or sixiy jesrsBgo, conclusively established* the fact that scintillation is the simplest thins ia the world — merely a matter of 'atmosphere. But I wont speak of this to you now. The comparative absence of scintillation in -warm countries yas noticed by Humboldt. Then again the scintillations vary. JTo star ilap3 his wings like Sirius t1;cu he lies low.' He flashes out emeralds and rubies, amethystine flames of sapphirinc colors, in a manner mar vellous to behold. And this is only cne star. So too do Arcturus and Capella and lesser luminaries. ... But I tire you with this subject,' ** On the contrary, you speak so beautifully that I could listen all day.' The astronomer threw a«searching glance upon her for a moment ; but there was no satire in the -vrarni, soft eyes, which met his own with a luxurious contemplative interest. ' Say some more of it to me,' she continued in a voice not far removed from coaxing. After some hesitation the subject returned again to his lips, and he said some more, in deed inuch more, Lady Constantino often throwicg in an appreciative remark or ques tion, oftener meditatively regarding him in pursuance of ideas not exactly based on hi* words, and letting him go on as he would. Before he left the house the new astrono mical project was get in train. The top of the column -was to be roofed in to form a proper observatory ; and, on the ground that lie knew better than any oneelsehowthis was to be carried out, she requested him to give precise directions on the point, and to super intend the whole. A wooden cabin was to be «-?ctcd at the foot of the tower to provide better accommodation for casual visitors to ?the observatory than the spiral staircase and lead-flat afforded. As this cabin would be completely buried in the dense pice-foliage which envelop* d 1he lower part of the column and its pedestal, it would be no disfigurement to the general appeararjee. Finally, a path was to be made across the surrounding fallow by -which she might easily approch the scene of her new study. ! When he was gone she wrote to the firm of i opticians concerning the equatorial, for whose j reception all this vas designed. The nnoVi'faking was bow in progress, and by dc grrcs it became the talk of the hamlets round that Lsdy Constantine had given up melancholy for astronomy, to the great ad- j vantage of'all who came in contact with her. j One morning whon Tabitba Lark had come as usual to read, Lady Constantine chanced to be in a quarter of the house to which she seldom -wandered, and while here she heard her maid ialkiiig confidentially to Tabitha in the adjoining room on thecuriousand sudden interest which Lady Constantine had acquired in the moon and stars. ' They do say all sorts of trumpery,' ob served the handmaid. 'They says, though rtis littl« better than mischief to be sure, that it isn't the moon, and it isn't the stars, and it isn't the plancards that my lady cares for, but for the pretty lad who drew 'em down from the sky to please her ; and being a married example, and wbat with sin and frhame knocking at every poor maid's door afcre you can say * Hands off, my dear,' to the civilest j oung man, she ought to set a better pattern.*' ' Lady Constance's face flamed up vividly. ' If Sir Blount were to come back all of a sudden — O, my I' Lady Constance grew cold as ice. 'There's nothing in it,' said Tabitha, scornfully. ' I can prove it any day.' 'Well, I v?ish I had half her chance,' sighed the lady's maid. And no more was said on the subject then. T&bitba;'s remark showed that the suspicion ?was quite in embryo as yet. Nevertheless, saying sotbing to reveal what she had over Beard, immediately after the reading, Lady Constantirje flew like a bird to where she knew that Swithin might be found. He was in tbe plantation, sticking up little sticks to mark where the wooden cabin was to stand. She called him to a remote place under the funereal trees. ' I have altered my mind,' she said ; ' I can have nothing to do with this matter.' 'Indeed !' said Swithin, surprised. 'Astronomy is cot my hobby any longer. Ana you are not my Astronomer EoyaL' ' O, Lndy Constantino !' cried the youth sgha&t.; ' ' Why, the work is begun, I thought tbe equatorial was ordered V She drooped her voice, though there was nobody to hear even a Jericho shout. ' Of ccuree astronomy is my hobby privately, and 5 c-u arc to be ay Astronomer Royal, and I still furnish the observatory. But not to the outer v.orld. There is a reason against my indulgtnce in tuch scientific fancies openly, and the pKiject must be arranged in this vise — The whole enterprise is yours; you rent iiie tower of tec, you build the eabiu, you get -he eqiiatcrial. I simply give permission, since j ou desire it. The path that was to be made from the hill to the park is not to be thought of. There is to be no communication between the house and column. The equa torial will arrive addressed to you, and its cost I will pay through you. My name must not appear, snd I vanish entirely from- the undertaking. This blind is necessary,' she added sighing. ' Good-bye.' 'But yen do take as much interest as before — and it will be j-ours just the same ?' he said, walking after. Ee scarcely compre hended the subterfuge, and was absolutely blind as toits reason. ' Can you doubt it 2 But I dare not do it openly.' With ihls she went away ; and in due time there circulated through the parish an asser tion that it was a mistake to suppose Lady Constantino bad anything to do -with Swithin I St. Cleeve or his star-gazing schemes. She p bad merely allowed him to rent the tower of | her for -use as his observatory, and to put | some temporary fixtures on it for that pur- « jose. | After this Lady Constantino lapsed into s her former life of loneliness, and by these | prompt measures the ghost of rumor, which | bad barely started into existence, was | speedily laid to rest. It had probably origi- § uatcd in her own house, and had gone but a little further. Yet, despite her self-control, a I certain corth window of the Great House, I tbat commanded an uninterrupted view of f the upper ten feet of the column, revealed her | ss scxGevrhat frequently gazing from it at a § rotundity which had 'begun to appear on the | summit. To those with whom she came in j contact fclie sometimes addressed such remarks | as, ' Is young Mr. St. Cleeve getting on with I bis observatory '!' ' I hope he trill fix his in struments without damaging the columa, ?K-fcich is eo interesting to us as being in ratiEory of my dear husband's great grand fa* btr— a truly brave man.' On one occasion her building steward ven tured to Euggctt to her that Sir Blount having dc-putcd to her the power to grant short leases in his absence, aho should have a distinct agreement tsith Switbin, as between landlord and tenant, with a stringent clause against bis driving nails into the stonework of such a historical inrmoiial. She replied that she did net wish to be severe on the last repre Eeutaiive of such old and respected nsiisfcioHC-is as Ms mother's family bad been, find of such a well descended family as his father's, so that it would be only necessary /or the steward to keep an eye on Mr. St. Ckcve's dc-ir-gs. Further, when a. letter arrived at the Great House freni Hilton and Pymn'a, theopticians, with information tbat the equatorial was reedy ard packed, and that a man would be £c-iit v-sith it to fix it, she replied to that firm \o the fifect that their letter should Lave been addrcKtd to Mr. St. Cleeve, the astronomer, rat whose Lch&K; she had made the enquiries, that the had nothing more to do wit'i the raatter, that be vrould receive tbe instrument and pay the bill— her guarantee being jiivea for the 'alter x-trforaiance. CHAl'TEli VIII. Lsdy Corf tantine the-n had the pleasure of beholding a- trsggcn laden with packiug-casra in ibe act of crossing the field towards the pillar : srjtl not roary days later, Switbin, ivlo had never ccrae to the Great House sicex; the liiachecn, met her in a path which he l«irow to be one of her promenaaes. '3bp equatorial is fixed and the man gcne,:i l:e said, half in doubt as to his speech, for her c oraroands to him not to recognise her agency or pstronoge still puzzled him. ' I re *l*ctiMl!y wibh— you could come and see it, Lacy Constantine.' ' i would lather not— I cannot.' 'Baiiyia is lovely; Jupiter is simplv sub llrBe., I can sec double stars in the LuTn aad in tie Virgin where I had only seen a single One before. It is all I requira to set rue going!' 'Is it so !— I'll come. But— you naed say Eothing about my visit. I cannot come to Eicbt, but I will some time this week. Yet only this once — to try the instrument ; after ?warils yoa must be content to pursue your studies alone.' Swithin seemed but little affected a1; this announcement. 'Hilton and Pjnn's man handed me the bill,' he continued. ' How much is it?' He told her. 'And the man who has built the hut and dome, and done the other fittings, hss sent in his.' He named this amount also. 'Very well. They shall be settled with. My debts must be paid with my money, which you shall have at once in cash, since a cheque would hardly do. Gome to the house for it. this evening. But no, no ! you must tot come openly — such is the world. Coma to the window — the window that is exactly in a line with the longsnowdropbed in tho north : front, at eight to-night, and I will give you j what is necessary.' j 'Certainly, Lady Constantine,' said the i young man respectfully. Ateight that evening accordingly Svithin entered like a ghost upon the terrace to seek out the spot the bad designated. The equa torial Lad so entirely absorbed his thoughts that he did not trouble himself to seriously coEJecture the why and wherefore of her secrecy. If be earnestly thought ofit ho set it down in a general way to an intensely gererous wish on J)er part not to lessen his ir.flncnee among the sparse inhabitants by making him appear the object of patronage. While he s'ood by tfce long snowdrop bed ?which looked upon him like a Bethtr milky wny, the French casement of the window opposite softly opened, and a hand bordcivd by a glitnmfr of lace was stretched forth, from which he received a eri-p little parcel— bank notes apparently. He knew the hand, end held it long enough to press it to his lipj — the only form which had ever occurred to him of expressing his gratitude to her with out the encumbrance of clumsy words— a vehicle at the best of times but rudely suited for such delicate merchandise. The hand was hastily withdrawn, as if the treatment had been unexpected. Then, seemingly moved by second thoughts, she bent forward aad said, 'Is tbe night good for observations V' 'Perfect/3 'Then I'll come tonight. It makes no difference to me, after all. Wait just one moment.' He waiied, and she presently emerged muffled up like a nun, whereupon the lef c the terrace and struck across the p*t'u together. Very little was said by either till they were croshing the fsllow, when he asked her if his srm -would help her. She did not take the offered support just then, but when they were ascending under the heavy gloom of the fir trees she seized ir, as if rather influenced by the oppressive solitude than by fatigue. Thus they reached the foot of the column, ten thousand spirits in prison seeming to grasp their griefs from the funeral boughs overhead, and a few tvsiga scratching- the pillar with tbe drag of impish claws as tenacious as those figuring in St. Anthony's teniptaticn. ' Bow intensely d.ark it is just here !' she whispered. 'I wonder you can keep in the path. Msny ancient Britons lie buried here, efcubtless.' Ee led her routd to the other side, waere, fteling his way with- his hands, he suddenly kit her, appearing half a moment after with £ light. ' What place is this T' she exclaimed. ' This is the cabin,' said he, and she could just discern the outline of a little house not unlike a bathing-machine without wheels. 'I Lave kept lights ready here, as I thought yoa might come any evening, and possibly bring company.' 'Don't quarrel with me for coming alone,' she exclaimed with a sensitive promptness. ** There are reasons for what I do of which you know nothing.' 'Perhaps it is much to my discredit tliat I don't knovr.' 'Not at all, yon are all the better for it. God forbid that I should enlighten you. Well, I see this is the hut. But I am more curious to go to the top and make discoveries.' 'He brought a little lantern from the cabin, and lighted her up the winding stair case to tbe temple of the sublime mystery on whose threshold he stood as a priest. The top of the column was quite changed. The tub-shaped space within the parapet, formerly open to the air and sun, was now arched over by a light dome of lathwork covered with fell'. But this dome was not used. At tbe line where its base descended to the para pet there were half-a-dozen iron bails, pre cisely like cannon shots, standing loosely in & groove, aad on these the dome rested its whole weight. In the side of the dome was a slit, through which the wind blew and the North Star beamed, and towards it the great telescope was directed. This latter magnifi cent object, with its circles, axes and handles complete, was seemingly fixed in the middle of the floor. 'But you can only see one part of the sky through that slit,' said she. The astronomer stretched out his arm, and the whole dome turned horizontally round, running en the balls with a rumble like that cf near thunder.' Instead of the star Polaris, which had been peeping in upon them through the slit, there now appeared the faces of Castor and Pollux. Swithin then manipu lated the equatorial, and put it through its capabilities in like manner. SLe v/as enchanted, and, being rather excit able, she even chipped her hands just once. She turned to him, ' !No\v are you happy V 'But it is all yours, Lady Constantine.' 'At this moment. But that's a defect which can soon be remedied. When U your birthday l;- 'Next jponth — the seventh/' 'Then it shall be yours— a birthday pre sent.' The young man protested ; it was too much. 'No*, you must accept it all— equatorial, dome, stand, hut, -tnd everything that has been put here for this astronomical purpose. The possession of this apparatus would only compromise me. AU'eady they are reputed to be yours, snd they must be made yours. There is no help for it. ' If ever'— here her voice lost some firmness— 'if ever you go away from me, from this place I mean, and marry, snd settle in a new home elsewhere for good, you must take these things, equatorial and all, and never tell how they came to be yours.' 'I wish I could do something more for you V exclaimed the much-moved astronomer. ?'If you would but share lny fame — supposing I get any, which I may die before doing— it -would be a little compensation. As to my going away and marrying, I certainly shall »ot. I may go away, but I shall never marry.13 'Why not?' ' A beloved science Ls enough wife for mo, I combined, perhaps, with a little warm friend- jj ship with one of kindred pursuits.' I ' ' WLo is the friend ?' f ' Yourself, l should like it to bo.' I ''You would have to become a woman | before I could be tbat, publicly, or I a man,' she replied, v ilk dry melancholy. ' Why a woman, dear Lady Constantine V ' I cannot explain. No ; you must keep your farce and your science all to yourself ; aiid I must keep my — troubles.' Swithin, to divert her from melancholy, not I rowing that in the expression of her melancholy thus and now she found much pleasure, changed the subject by asking if they should take some observations. ' Yes ; the scenery is well hung to night,' she said, looking out upon the heavens. Then they proceeded to scan the sky, roving from I planet to star, and from single stars to double stars, frc-m double to colored stars in the cursory manner of the merely curious. They plucged down to that (at other times) invisible stellar multitude in the back rows of the celestial theatre, remote layers of constella tions, whose shanes were new and singular — pietty twinklers' which for infinite ages had frpent their beams without calling forth from a single poet a single line, or being able to bestow a ray of comfort on a single benighted tiaveiler. *' And to think,' said Lady Constantine, ' that the whole race of shepherds since the hegi&niEg; of the world — even those immortal bliei/herds who watched near Bethlehem — iliculd have gone into their graves -without trowing that for one star that lighted them in iheir labors there were ten as good behind tijiDgtodo so! I have a feeling for this ir stivsTBcnt not unlike ths awe X should feel iii the piesenceof a great magician in whoa 1 really believed, its powers are so enor mous, and weird, and fantastical that I should Lave a personal fear in being with it altue. * Music drew an angel down,' said ths poet; tut. what is that to drawing down, ?worlds. I often experience a kind of fe*r of tbe sky alter bitting in the observing chair a longtime. .And wheu I walk home after waids 1 fear it, for what I know is there but cannot see. as one naturally fears the pre sence of a vast something that only reveals a \\*rv little of itself. That's partly what I meant by saving tbat magnitude^which up to a certain point has grandeur, has beyond it the quality of ghastliness.' Thus the interest of their sidereal observa tions ltd them on, till the knowledge that £c&jce; any other human vision was fcra veiling wiil'in a hundred million milca of tlieir ovra gave- them tuch a sense of the isolation o£ that faculty as almost to be a sense of isolation as rrjiai ded their whole personality, causing a shudder at its absoluteness. At night, when hunan discords and harmonies are hushed, in a general sense, for the greater part of twelve hours, there is nothing to moderate the blow ?«Hb which the infinitely great — the steller um-vcrsc— strikes down upon the infinitely little — the mind of the beholder ; and thi , was the case now. Having got closer to im iptntity than their fellow-creatures, they saw at once its beauty and its frightfulness. They more and more felt the contrast between their own tiny magnitudes and those among which thpy had recently plunged, till they -wen opi*re£i-ed with the presence of a vastness they could not cope with, even as an idea, end which bung about them like a nightmare. Ee stood by her while she observed; she bv him when they changed places. Oace iiat S-within's emancipation from a trammel ling bedy had been effected by the telescope, scd he was well away in space, she felt her influence over him diminishing to nothing. Be was quite unconscious of his terrcstiai neighborings, and of herself as one of them. It still further reduced her towards sim plicity. The silence wa3 broken only by the ticking of the clockwork which gave diurnal motion to the instrument. To expect that he was ever voluntarily going to end the pause by speech vas apparently futile. She laid her hand upon his own He started, withdrew his eye from the telescope, and brought him self back to the earth by a visible effort. ; *' Do ccnie out of it !' she coaxed, with a : softness in her voice which any man bat Swithin would have felt to be exquisite. ' I feel that I have been so foolish ss to put in your hsnds an instrument to effect my own annihilation. Not a word have you spoken for the lasfc ten minutes.' ' I have been mentally getting on with ray great the- ory. I hope soon to be able to pub lish it to the world. What., are you going? I will walk with vou, Lady Coustantine. When will you corae again ?' ' When your great theory is published to the world.' (To be continued.) 