JERILDERIE. Juno 8. A PÜBLIC MOVEMENT.-A meeting waa liold at the Me chanics' Institute on "Wednesday evening, June 7, which was attended by a large and influential portion of the in habitants of the town and district. Mr. J. D. Bauirin was voted to the chair, and stated that the meeting had been con vened for the purpose of taking into consideration matters of vast importance and interest to the town and district generally, such as the Nnrandera and Jerilderie railway, overshot dam, &c.;, which required immediate atten tion. After soveral remarks by other speakers relative to tho laxity and want of energy displayed by our members (Messes. Hay and Wilson), in regard to our wants and requirements, the following resolutions were unanimously carried :-1st. Movod by Mr. Horne, and seconded by Mr. Kcanber, " That tho whole of those present form themselves into a progress committee, to watch tho intoroste of tho town and district; fivo to form a quorum." 2nd. Moved by Mr. Iteanber, and seconded by Mr. Elliott, "That Messrs. Bankin and Symons act ns president and secretary to the progress ooinniittoo, respec tively." 3rd. Moved by Mr. Johnson Quinn, and seconded by Mr. Beanber, " That the president be instructed to write to tho Minister for Railways, asking him when it waa the intention of th» Government to call for tenders for tho construction of tho Nnrandera and Jerilderie railway lino." '1th. Moved by Mr. Harris, and seconded by Mr. Harkin-" That thc president writ o to tho Minister for Mines, and ascertain when tho Govern ment intended calling for tenders for tho construction of tho long-promised overshot dam." 5th. Moved by Mr. Horne, sccondod by Mr. Johnson Quinn-" That tho presi dent communicate with the Minister for Pnblio SVorks, calling his attention to tho dangerous state of tho road leading to tho society's BIIOW grounds, and asking him to issue instructions for the necessary repairs immediately; also to our mombor (A. Wilson, M.P.), requesting him to urgo our want« and requirements on tho attention of tho above Ministers, and to push forward tho same n-s speedily as possible." A hearty voto of thanks was then accorded to the chairman, afterwhiohthenieotiag Adjourned unfril Tuesday nest at 8 o'olocb p.m., at tho Mechanics'^Instifette. June 12. WEATHEH.-Tho sim is now very welcome, the ther mometer in early morning being ofttimes below freezing j but as a health depot for consumptive and other invalids who cnn afford to sleep on till our frost-laden, trees aro converted into dancing sparkles of dewdrops, Jerilderie district is unapproachable. A GUANO LOOK OUT.-"We have the eucalypti Murray forest to the south, the mountain rrgions to the far north and east, witli a big gap iu tho wost for tho dry winds of the interior, so that, with our railway-a completed work in a little over 12 months-persons sulFcr'i g from the damp coast atmosphere, or sovero tnblo-hn d winter, will linda brief sojourn in our bright wintry (.limo moans a possible new lease of life. LAMB-MARKING.- The confused bleating of mustered ewes nnd lambs is heard everywhere around, and although we are having a poor percentage compared with ordinary years, yet it is good indeed, considering we commenced summer' with only a third of thc amount of dry grass nature' generally provides. The owes are simply bundles of bona aud wool, but tho lambs aro generally in fair condition, round as little barrels ; the percentage ranges from 50, 60, up to 70, the last 1 eiug the highest I have noted. THE WHITE KANGAROO.-This snowy, unequal-legged hopper has died at last. After braving with charmed life, for 12 yearB, rifles and dogs, it has fallen victim to a breach-loading iruu. Mr. D. M'Caughey, owner of Coree Estate (a trifling freehold of 250,000 acres) latoly offered the kangaroo l.untei-s on Coree a reward for its capture/ with the result of its death, aud it is now being stuffed1 previous to gracing it i owiu-r's hall. Many old residents who at different times have soon it scudding, a ileet white, object, over our distant plains, will regret its absence as¡ one of the old land-marks of tho pre- foncing days, but our "Tautalus" may rest assured that it is not tho missing, link or the "de'ol," although long known as the Coree' Ghost. MASONIC BALL.-The Ki verina Lodge of Freemasons recently opened in Jerilderie by tho Hon. J. S. Farnell, who is Grand Master of the Order in New South Wales,, intend to celebrate the occasion by giving a ball on the night previous to the Jerilderie i\ and A. Show, which kvti ter comes off on the 27th inst Arrangements are being m ado in a very elaborate style for the event. The matter is in capable hands, and there's no doubt but that refined sqnattosmcy, selcctoeracy, bizocracy, will put through a period of pleasure in tho delights of Torpischore. 