A QUEER FELLOWTRAVELLER. Some years ago I had occasion to take a long journey to the North — a journey which would involve my travelling all night. A few davs before I had received an invitation from a friend of mine, who lived at a town which I had to pass, to dine%nd stay _the night at his house— an invitation which I gladly accepted, as it would prove a pleasant break in the monotony of the journey. I resolved, therefore, to so arrange matters as to arrive at his house in time for dinner, and proceed to my destination next morning. When the day arrived I was very busy; so, after a hurried lunch, I packed up a few necessaries and rushed off to Eusfcon, where I arrived with just two minutes to. spare. I asked for my train, which the conductor pointed oat, adding, 1 If you don't hurry np, sir, you'll lose it.' I took his advice and jumped into the nearest car, the door of which stood open, and in which there was but one other occupant. I settled myself for my journey, and for thp. first time I had leisure to observe my fellow-traveller. Now, I rather pride myself on being a judge of physiognomy, and my first impressions of him were the reverse of pleasant. He was evidently a fidgety, nervous sort of man. He had restless grey eyes, without much expression in them, while his hair and beard were of reddish hue. He was dressed in a long ulster, which Ithought quite unnecessary, for. though it was late in the year, the weather was by no means cold. There was on the seat beside him a small oaken bcx- strongly bound with brass, and his eyes were constantly glancing from this box to me in a way that I did not at all like. I began to have visions of plots, infernal machines, and I do not know what. After regarding me steadily for a few minutes, be said : Is it possible, sir, that you are not aware of -this carriage being reserved for State officials ?' " I looked around, and seeing no indication of the fact, replied that I was not aware of such being the case. ' Then, sir,' he replied, ' I must beg of you nstantly to vacate it, and leave me here in solitary silence.' Considering that the train was going at the rate of abont forty miles an hour, and wonld not stop nntil it reached a small station half way to my destination in about an hour's time, I could not see why I should comply with his request, or rather command ; and I frankly told him so, adding that ' I had as much right there as he had, and did not in tend moving.' He replied with a most solemn air : Then your fate be on your own head.1 This began to frighten me, for the man's manner convinced me that he most be insane; and the prospect of an hour's journey in a car with a madman was not calculated to raise my spirits. However, I put a bold face on the matter, and affected to be engrossed with my newspaper, though, in reality, I was watching his every move ment. He suddenly seized hold of the wooden box and held it on his knees, mumbling some inarticulate words, then suddenly replaced it beside him. In doing so, I caught a glimpse of the butt of a pistol sticking out of his pocket. I had nothing more defensive than an umbrella and a roll of papers, which, in consequence of their length, I was compelled to carry in my hand. Presently he began again. 'Have you studied the marvellous powers of electricity, may I ask?' I replied in the negative. Ihave,' said he; 'and have arrived at such a pitch of perfection that, aided by the contents of this box, I could blow this train and everybody in it to infinitesimal atoms.' But, I hazarded, how about yourself V I should calmly mount into tbe air and survey the scenery without injury.' 'Howl' said I. ' That,' he replied, ' is my business ; look to yourself.' Pleasant this, for me 1 However, I made some remark which seemed to satisfy him, and he lapsed again into silence. I felt more than ever convinced of his madness, thinking he had probably escaped from some private lunatic asylum, for he was evidently a gen tleman ; yet I could not understand what the box could" be which he guarded so jealously. I felt very sorry for him, in spite of my dan gerous situation. I then tried another tack, and made several commonplace remarks to him, to all of which he answered in mono syllables, suddenly bursting out with — 'Do you dare to address me, sir, without having fir£t disclosed to me who you are? Tour temerity surprises me !' I thought it best to honour him, and handed him my card, on which was inscribed: 1 J. B. Smith.' 'Ha 5 I guessed you were a Smith ; you look like one ; a blacksmith, if # may judge by the smuts on your face.' Here tie broke into a maniacal laugh. When he had finished laughing, he said: 'Do you want to know who I am?' £ said I thought £ might as well know his. . name, if he did not mind. ' Well, said he, leaning forward and peer ing into my eyes, keeping one hand on tbe box, ' when you first jumped into the carriage I was the Kb an of Tartary, but the wonders of electricity are sueb that I am even now changing. I suppose I may be anybody in a few hours, or even minutes.' I suppose I looked surprised, for he went on: 'Ah, you look surprised ; but perhaps you will hardly believe that my temper quite depends on who I may happen to be. Not lon£ ago I was conversing with some Mends, and I suddenly «hanged into the King of Siam, and before they could get out of my way, I bit three of their fingers off. You should have seen them scatter ! Ha, ha, ha !' ' Good gracious !' I exclaimed. ' You don't mean it?' Oh, yes, I do ; but do not be alarmed. I never am so dangerous unless I happen to Assume that character.' Then he sat guiet, and I was thankful for a little peace. All at once, to my alarm, he paid, quite unconcernedly : «I feel it my solemn duty to inform yon hat I am changing, and that in a few minutes I shall be the King of Siam.' Instinctively I looked around for some means of escape, at the same time grasping my umbrella firmly, resolved, at least, to sell wy fingers dearly. It wasn't worth while changing cars, as just at that moment I heard j the whistle of the train announcing our j approach to the next depdfc. I collected my j things together me, so as to be prepared ; for a hasty eat, the more so as I noticed the : feelings of his Majesty of Siam were being I worked up to a pitch of excitement, and the -j way he showed his teeth would have terrified I a far less nervous man than myself. As we | neaxed the dep&t;, the -train slackened speed, j and at last stopped. Just as I jumped out, j the maniac made a spring at me, but I for- j innately avoided him, and shut the door in his face. I got into the next car, which was empty ; and, as the conductor closed the door, I called out, ' Here, I say, there is a madman In But the whistle drowned the rest of my sentence, and the train moved off before I had time to complete it. I sat still in a horrible stste of nervousness, expecting I hardly know what. At last the train stopped at the station for which I was bound, and I jumped out. As I passed his car, I could see him sitting there quietly, and I went into the stationmasier'a room and told him what had happened, advising him to take some means of securing him. He promised to telegraph, but said it was no business of his, and with this assurance I had to be content. I then went off to my friend's house, where I arrived just in time tor dinner. I suppose the traces of my fright still remained, for no sooner did I enter the dinirtgroom than my host exclaimed : 1 Why, what is tbe matter, old man ? You've not met a ghost on the road, have yon ?' I told him I had seen somebody a good deal worse than a ghoEt ; and, during dinner, I related my adventure, upon which they all congratulated me on .my narrow escape. After dinner I went off early to bed, pleading fatigue and the next day's business as my excuse. When I awoke in the morning, I found my host ready for breakfast, and I joined him at once, as my train left in an hour's time. As I shook hands with him at the depdt, he remarked that he should like to hear of the man being caught. I transacted my business, and as I had time to spare, I turned into the first hotel I came to and walked np into the billiard- room, where I met Fred Charlton, an old school-fellow of mine, who was playing billiards with three others. He seemed surprised to see me, and asked ms how I got there. I told him I had come down there early that morning, and I then proceeded to give him a sketch of my adventurous journey of the night before. Fred smiled, and said : 1 Ah, yes, old man ; I heard something about it.' 'Feu heard something?' I said. 'From whom ?' ' Well,' he replied, ' I'll tell you all about it for the benefit of the company. Old Harris, the diamond broker, told me last night that he had just come down from the city. When he had taken his seat in the car at , all alone, just as the train started, some fellow ruEhed in. Harris said he did not much like the look of the fellow, and as he had about AO.OOOdol. worth of diamonds with him in a small box, he began to feel uncomfortable. He said the stranger was a strong, active man, and if it had come to a struggle fer the diamonds, Harris would have had no chance — for he evidently felt sore the fellow meant robbery ; so he determined to try and Mghten him out of the car by pretending madness, which he says he did so effectually that the fellow, in sheer fright, bolted at the first stoppage, and left him to finish the journey here alone. But we did not knew that you were the hero, old man,' said Fred, as tHfe whole four burst into such a shout of laughter as I never heard before. You must stay and be introduced to him afresh ; he will be Here to-night.' I did not stop to hear anything more. I rushed down stairs, thoroughly realising that I had been made a fool, caught the first train home, and have not shown myself in that neighbourhood sinoe. — Washington Star. 