BURY YOUR DEAD! In ancient days, as hath been well said by historians, it was deemed a very great and dire calamity to the shades of the dead if their bodies were deprived of a grave. And, indeed, not to mention Sophocles' tragedy of ' Antigone,' which turns upon this point, there be many instances in actual history where disaster and death followed the omission of funeral rites, as, witness the fate of the ten victorious generals who were condemned to death by the Athenian people for | allowing certain seamen to drown unrescued, and so lack graves. The I belief held in those times was that the spirits of the unemtombed dead did wander for an hundred years upon the banks of the Styx, nor ever entered into the asphodel meadows until the expiration of that period, unless some friendly hand did cover their bodies with dust. Knowing these things, and that our fathers were wise in their gene ration, the writer doth hereby solicit all good Christians of their charity to contribute to a funeral fund which is being raised for the burial of the body of the dead cat which hath lain in King Street for some weeks ; and so that the deceased shall not be unhonoured j among his fellows on the shadowy roofs of the houses on the 4 golden i shore' to which the ghosts of cats are translated, I have written j these simple elegiac verses to his memory : — j The King Street Cat. | Died last year, and still uninterred. j Death comes to all of us, or old or young, To some too soon, and some mayhap too late. No form of flesh evades the common fate ; No man may live a dying world among. And he, the Tom Cat of the tortoise hide, Though sleek and glossy in his days of flesh, Could not escape the snare or miss the mesh j Of death : though nine-lived, yet, alas, he died. But whether slain with brickbats or with kicks, j Boots nothing now when he is dead and gone. His body lies unburied, and his wan | Striped ghost forever miauls beside the Styx. And those who see the process of decay | Of that dead Tom Cat that has lain and lies In King-street gutters, pause and moralise, And hold their noses hard, and walk away. But in the darkness of the middle night, Pale Aldermen behold the Tom Cat's ghost ; With red mouth gibbering from the tall bed post, And green eyes glaring with a deadly light. So that they feel while fear is in their hair, Which stands erect upon their empty heads, That they shall rise no more from off their beds. But lie forever fixed beneath the glare Of those terrific eyes. And so from fat To lean they grow as any pantaloon : So by good luck they may fade out right soon, And a glad city bury that Tom Cat. 