SPORTltiG NOTES .BY RUSTIOUS. The Port MacDonneU races are to be run to-day, and given fine weather a goodnumber of persons may be expected to pay a.vimt to this pleasant little seaport. ,s The fields ot horses are expected to be-large enough to ensure good sport, the acceptances in the _ principal events especially showing that nearly all the best horses have been left in. I am not a good hand at criticising work that I have had a share in, and anything in the shape of a " tip" will not, therefore, be expected of me. "A tipster'B life is not a happy-lot" at the best, and I shall, .there \- fore, leave the task of spotting the winners to that exceedingly clever division who can ; always put their thumb on the probable good thing in a handicap ! I shall content myself with the trite remark, notable chiefly for its want of originality-May tta best horse win, the winners not stand .too high in* their metaphorical stirrups, and the losers look pleasant 1 Ahem 1 Sardine having been kicked by a stable companion is an improbable starter for the Port MacDonnell Hurdlerace. Dayspring may also be an absentee owing to the injury he sustained at Penola. . Morning Star has gone into the stable of . Mr. H. Manly. ; . ' - The race meeting under the auspices of the Penola Racing Club passed off most Suc cessfully, there being neither hitch or acci dent of a serious nature to mar the pleasure of the gathering. The weather, always an important factor in outdoor amusements, was rather warm to be pleasant, more par ticularly on the Thursday. Apart from this, however, the sport was very enjoyable,- the finishes being close and exciting. Sardine proved himself a right good horse,; as evi denced by the manner in which he spread eagled his field in. the Maiden Plate,, and subsequently romped home in front of a good field in both the Hurdlerace and Forced Handicap, although for the last-named event, he was scarcely mentioned. Talisman was all the rage for it, and many good" judges"re garded the race as simply an exercise canterfor him, but by a singular irony of fate, although he got all the best of the start, he finished absolutely last. Harking back a bit, Storm Queen was made a great certainty for the double, Penola and Racing Club Handicaps, but the gobd thing did not come off. She won the first-named eyent by sheer luck, and had it not' been for the. incomprehen sibly apathetic riding of the lad on Rever beration the stake would have been taken to. Robe by Mr. Steve. Reid. The latter gen tleman "waa* much chagrined at the result.. Storm Queen, although running in Mr. D. rSiinpson's name, is,T believe, the property Vjf Mr. W. Hutchison, who has a high; opinion of her capabilities. She is a very,; handsome, level-made brown mare, and being .by Conrad from Sprat by Little Fish, &c;:, little fault can be found with her breeding. The mare is destined for Adelaide, where she, wiil have an opportunity of measuring strides with the cracks of the metropolis. Rever-; beration is a slashing fine chesnut filly, but; her rounded fetlocks do not appear as if they wonld sustain any great amount of wear-and-tear. She has - done plenty, of .good work so far without showing any signs of weakness on her pins, however, and she will in all probability carry her owner s; colors in many a hard-fought contest with credit. An animal that disappointed- me much was Pacific, whose appearance was heralded by a loud flash of trumpets, and' one cannot but come to the conclusion that he is. overrated. Medallion, also, did not perform up to expectation. An animal Entitled to some respect for his aristocratic; connection is the sturdy Bowoka, full bro ther to that good horse Trump Yoss, than whom few animals could travel faster when in the vein. Like his distinguished relative, Bowoka is little bigger than a Newfound land dog, but this need not militate against his success on the turf, as some of the b|st racehorses ever bred were on the small side. In this, his maiden effort, he did -not" shape particularly well, neither did Dick-Dead Eye, who was thought by a few people to be a " nummer." Jack Scandal, the winner of the Amateur Steeplechase, is a rather nice colt, in spite of the fact that he possesses a plain head and a coarsish neck. He has Some capital points, however, possessing amongst others great propellipg power. Mr. Gill has in this son of Argus Scandal a.most promising colt; he is a good"jumper.and possesses a fair dash of foot. Eire King, who ran second to him, looked out of sorts. His rider, A. McLean, took him - to the front and led for a greater portion of the distance. When it came to racing, how ever, the old fellow had to give way to his younger rival, who beat him -handsomely# Reverberation atoned for her defeat in the Penola Handicap by beating Lochaberc:on the post by a " nostril," iafter a slashing set to between this pair and Talisman. To be beaten by the breadth' of a man's hand was hard luck for the owner'of Lochabor.. The latter ran with unflinching gameness, but two and a-half stone was a big lump oi ?weight to concede. Storm Queen's penalty in the Racing Club Handicap doubtless pre vented her winning that event, but she made a bold bid for victory. Matador ran up to his form, and it is perhaps something to the credit of the mare that at a difference of half a stone, including her sexual allowance, she was enabled" to get within half; a; length of the son of imported JKm.t Altogether, the meeting was a" succesV"botb financially and from a racing point of view, and the com mittee have every reason to feel gratified*at the success which has attended their ^efforts. A letter which appears in^npther} colamn reminds me that I have unwittingly done an injustice to Mr. P. Sheehan, who rode Jack Scandal so well in'the Amateur Steeplechase at Penola. It was stated plainly that only one amateur donned silk on the occasion, and that ope .not,the rider of Jack Scandal. Mr.. Sheehan assures >me Wat heyh&s; never at any time accepted money for riding in a race, and that he has invariably refused presents for his services in thei- pigskin. This being so Mr. Sheehan is undoubtedly an amateur, and I cheerfully make the amende honorable in the hope that the state ment will not, as he fears, injure him in the eyes of his friends in the Western District. The Ararat races commenced on Thursday and extended over Friday. "'The -weather was fine, the attendance fair, and the "sport " good. Racing commenced with the Maiden Plate, Lady Angler, Noorong, and Postman running. one,. two, three, the fiirBt-named winning in a canter. r An Amateur Flat Race fell to Sonneteer, Boatman and The Punter filling the places. Then came the chief event of the meeting, the Ararat Cup, of 100 sovs;,'distance oriejmile; andVa hatf% Eight "animals went out for it, Narribri,* nnder the whip, beating Moonshine by a length. The latter was, however, disquali fied for going inside a post, Little Nell being placed second and Bouquet third. The Grand-Stand Stakes fell to First Light, Little King getting second and Boatman a? bad third. On the second day Kohinoor.led off by easily winning the Junior Stakes from Moonshine and Lady Argyle. The Hurdle race produced an exciting contest, Noorong and Devlin disputing supremacy for the greater portion of the distance, when Blue Peter, the favorite, who appeared to have been held clean out of it, came with a wet sail, and catching the leaders, won cleverly;' Devlin securing the barren honor of second place and Noorong third. The Publicans' Purse fell to Mr. Cawker'B Little Nell, First Light being second and Cassiopea third. Narrabri showed himself in the winning vein by annexing the Welter Handicap, Queen Bee and The Punter filling the places. A Selling Flat .Race, won by Deceiver, termi nated the sport. The two Adelaide racing clubs have issued their programmes for the May meeting. The South Australian J.C. have decided to/.run on the 6th, iith, and 13th- May, the -Cup being 500 sovs., instead of 300 sovs., and Sir Thomas Elder's golden trophy added thereto.- The Adelaide R.C. also give 500 sovs. for their Birthday Cup. Both clubs give away about £2,000 in stakes during their respective meetings. 4 By the. terms of their lease the Adelaide RJD. haVe'tovspe'nd £4,000 in the erection of a stand, which fa to? be commenced immediately. ' The' attendance at Kensington Park on Saturday was below the average. Business commenced with the Maiden Plate, for which seven horses faced the starter. Jloederer was much fancied, 6 to 4 being freely taken about him, but Nulquine won cleverly. The Galloway Welter Handicap proved an easy victory for Flirt. For the Selling Race odds were laid on Lion, and he won cleverly. Bapta waa served. up .very warm for the Pony Handicap, and -she ran last; Sam left the paddock a strong favorite, and he won very easily. For the February - Handicap Flat Race even money was taken;: about Lenore, but she finished a moderate fourth, Haidee of the Hills winning cleverly. The Galloway Handicap had six runners. Odds were laid on Flirt, but Lina won easily. . . During au argument in Adelaide tue other 1 day over the respective merits of First Water and Savanaka, Mr. W. Pile, owner of the first-named, offered to run his horse against Mr. Crozier's grey for any sum up to £10,000. Tall wagering thi3 ! In a match at Sydney, Carlton v. the Albert Club, A Bannerman, in the first innings, scored 111, and in the second innings went in first and carried out his bat for 104. Mr. H. Hughes has decided for the future to handicap for the S.A.J.C. only of the two metropolitan clubs. At the Calcutta'races the two Australian horses, Camballo and Palmerston, distin guished themselves more than any others. Camballo won the Viceroy's Cup by two lengths from Fizz, who finished in front of Caspian. Bluelight was a great favourite, but he failed to get a place. On the second day Camballo won the Bendawn Cup, Fal merston being second, and Lunatic third. |The mile and a half was run in 2m. 444s. Palmerston won the Trial Stakes on the first day, and ran the mile in lm. 45Js. Subsequently he carried a stone more than Jack Tar and beat him. Blackthorn was victorious in the Stand Plate, and Jack Tar won the Alipore Plate, a hurdle race, beating At Last, Brian, Boru, and others. The Colonial Stakes fell to Bebecca, a three-year-old filly, by 'Rapid Bay. Three colts recently purchased by Mr. C. M. Lloyd, have been fitted with rather singular names, though far from inappropriate or ill-sounding. The catalogue of the sale at which Mr. Lloyd bought them is answerable as "Godfather," the first being called " Heptakos," because he was No. 7 on the list-this being the Greek for that generally deemed lucky numeral; the second "Vingt et-un," because no 21 ; and the third, the esthetic cognomen of "Too Too," on account of having been No. 22. At the Moama races a horse named Artful Joe (not the animal so well-known in con nection with the St. Alban's stable) won the three principal events right off, viz., the Maiden Plate, Hurdlerace, and Handicap. Mr. Martin Loughlin meditates a trip to the old country, and has announced a sale of his racing string. The list comprises Handy Andy, Sir Peter, Game, King of Trumps, and Left Bower. All of these have dis tinguished themselves on the Victorian turf. Tall Bcpring this, made on the Geelong Cricket Ground last Saturday, by the Ballarat teain-Y.e., 6ix wickets for 473 runs, out of which Percy Lewis mede 215, and J. Lawlor 190. In the totalisator atDunedin on the V.R.C. Champion Race, there were 112 subscribers ..at £1 each, and as only one lucky individual placed £1 on Coriolanus, he thus received very long odds about the winner. Several racehorses weie put up for sale at Kirk's Bazaar.- Bidding did not prove very lively, but the following changed hands -Albyn, at 340 guineas, to Mr. E. O'Brien ; ? Billy Nutts,. at 60 guineas, to Mr. Cripps; and Greyhound to Mr..W. C. Yuille for an Indian. client. Canary did not reach his owner's reserve of 500 guineas, and The Cockney failed to find a bidder. '' Colonel B. F. Burdette, on behalf of young Otto, the hoy. chief of the Nez Perces Indians, challenged Dr. Carver to a match of fancy shots for 6,000 dollais a-side. Dr. Carver had not accepted, and it is affirmed that Otto can beat him in eleven out of the twelve tricks proposed. The doctor was vanquished in a pigeon shooting match in England recently by a shootist named Maas. Hanlan and Boyd are matched to row on the Tyne on Monday, April 8, 1882. :The stake is £500 a-side, and Hanlan in addition receives £50 from Boyd for going to the Tyne. At a sale of greyhounds in the old country, Princess Dagmar (last-year's Waterloo Cup winner), was put to auction and bought in; 1,800 guineas was wanted for her, the highest bona fide bid being 400 short of this. Bowell and Hughes have been matched for £1,000 a-side to contest a sis days' go-as you-please match. It is. to take place in I New York this month. j At Sir J. D. Astley's sale at Tattersall's the two-year-old Medicns, the animal'which caused the sensational squabble between Sir John Astley and Mr. Walton, the Yankee1 " plunger," was sold at 1,500 guineas. It is said tbe.latter means to keep his word to "give the ring a chance to get their money back next season!" J. Roberts, jun., has done a very daring thing in the way of billiards. He has chal lenged Cook to play him foi £500 aside, o,000 up, Roberts giving Cook 500 points. Cook, it seems, wanted to play for the championship (which Bennett has resigned), and.it was daring an argument over this affair that the offer was made. Cook will not by any means admit Roberts's superiority, but says bis friends thought " he should not decline so good an offer." The affair will doubtless cause a great deal of public interest. Cook will doubtless be favourite, as the points given, 10 per cent., are very considerable. Still, Roberts lately has done something mar vellous in the way of all-round play, and he is a wonderfully good player for money, as indeed, is Cook. Both men are in hard practice for the contest. Horsemanship is scarcely the correct term to apply to an extraordinary performance reported by a Hungarian contemporary; deermansbip would probably be the more appropriate word. The .other day, while a "noble stag of ten was being hotly chased by the Kaposztasmegyerer hounds- subscrip tion pack-one Karl Poros, a discharged hussar, managed to bring the terrified animal to a standstill in some close cover through which it was forcing its way, and, by an almost superhuman effort of strength arid agility, to vault up.cn its back. After several desperate but unsuccessful attempts to dislodge its rider from his seat, the stag, stimulated anew to flight by the cry of the fast- approaching hounds, resumed its course, but it soon broke . down under the weight of its unaccustomed burden and gave up the ghost through sheer exhaustion and tenor. Poros-at least, so the story goes-was found by the huntsmen sitting on the unwoundcd carcase of the stag, which he had literally, ridden to death and resolutely claimed as the just reward of an achievement unprece dented in the annals of the chase. The Land Leaguers are determined to stop sport of all kinds in Ireland it seems, for at Knockacre, one of the meets of Lord Hunt ingdon's hounds, over 10,000 turned out with bands and dogs, and banners, and carrying poles with foxes, rabbits, and all manner of game attached. On Boxing Day at Kilkenny, a day's steeplechasing was brought off, but a large force of military was on the ground, for it had been reported that an attempt was to be made to stop that sport also. It would have been a good thing indeed if the sport had been interrupted at the Carrigaline Drag -Hunt on Boxing Day, for Mr. W. Johnson, jun.-a brother of Lieut. Johnson,' who was killed in the Zulu war-met with so severe a fall that he died next day. Punchestown races have been abadoned altogether this year. 