\- -MR.-GOGE'S LECTUEE. ?: ,. '* SfIUITTTAT.Tsw iHn UruTrniT. TlwMnvnr.nnT.' The aecond of Mr. Cook's lectureB was delivered in the Albort Hall last night;1 bofore a largo audlamo. Iho reserved and sooond seats wero well filled, and, as was tho oaso on the previous uven« in?,' tho gallery was oramtned eomo ment of tho proceedings. The lecturo was oa 'Spiritualism and Biblical Deraonology,'' ani was llBtcned to throughout with the keenest ? interest, the remarks of Mr. Cook bsing fre quently applauded. Tho ohair was taken by His Excollonoy the Governor. After the meet ing had been opentd with prayer by tho Bev. B. Griffith, His Excollenoy, in a few appro priote words, introduced the lecturer. ? ?? Mr. Cook, aftor remarking that in diaoussinff such a subject aa that ohossn for his lecture no mistake waa bo -email as not to be colossal,, laid there were four positions whioh^ oould bo taken concerning spiritism — the affirmative, negative, ovaoivo, and hypothetical. Ho thought it too early to aesume tho affirmative or negative positions. He wns not prepared to assort that there was-: 'nothing in spiritism — that there woro no proofs in it of the existence of occult laws not yet discovered. What if oue or two oconlt laws ar'e yot_ boyond our -ken; what if there are more things in tho human constitution than are dreamt of in our philosophy; what if we yet need to spend some uor.turies in. investigating tho nervous system of the brain and the power of mind over matter ! He was somewhat inclined -t0. agree with Professor Crooks, that thero was connected with tho nervous sys tem a peculiar power whioh he called psychio' forcp— will force. , . Then he was not disposed to adopt the evneivo position on this topio, as it would be unmanly. Eo took up the ? ' fourth or hypothetical position, nil he had to I * ', ?ay on spiritism b6ing summarised in two - lotiors — 'if.' Ho hclJ fivo propooilions to be / truo concerning modem spiritism, and the first ' / three wore hypothetical. (1 ) Tho ohief pro positions of modern spiritualism are two first, the possibility of intercoaisc between human and disembodied or supermundane spirits'; and' Beoond, tho trustworthiness of ' the communications as sources of .. xe ligions knowledge. ' (2) Spiritualism has by : no means proved tho truBtworthi. ness of these alleged ,oommunication3, .and prPbably ivill be as far from proving it after five hundred years more of effort to establish it as itisnowafterfivecentorieflof effort to do so. (3) If the reality of the communications were established, and it should be impossible to es ?Ublieh the trustworthinfes, all that would be. proved wonld be the existence and agency of evil spirits— a petition neither new nor un-': ' scriptural, (i.) If tho roality of the oommuni cation should be proved great harm would result, for the masses of the peoplo would ig- '?'?*' nprantly or. enthusiastically believe the trust worthiness, of I he communications also. (6.) If the reality of the communications should be proved, aoertain indireot good may result, for if spiritism should turn out to be simply a re-dis. - covery of the anoient art of consulting familiar ' spirits it wonld yet qontain modern evidence of the superhuman, and assist in the combat against modern mat'rialistio scepticism. There . was a distinction between a spiritualist and- a biblical demonologist. He called no man a ipiritualist nnless he asserted both the reality and, in some- sense, the trustworthiness of ; alleged oommunications. For himself he claimed to be a biblical demonologist. AH theo logians-held on Bible evidence that evil spirits exist, and . tempt jus in various ways. In reference to spiritistic communications, he held that, there had beon no scientific proof — adequate evidence founded on repeated and: : exact experiment — not only of their trust worthiness, but even of their very existence. There was nothing: more wonderful in some of ~. the EO.oalled . tsanifeBtationB than there was in many clever feats of legerdemain he bad wit- ' nessod in London and Germany, and it was .^ .notorious that conjurors claimed that thi-y could ' parallel anything- tho f piritists could perform. A brief reference was here made to what the ' ? lecturer termed the notorious conversion at Melbourne of Thomas Wnlker, the 'trance lecturer,1' from spiritism to sc-cularitm ; the csreer of D. M. Bennett, a spiritist, at Boiri-' ':f bay,*whose name had been used in a pamphlet citoulated in Brisbane ; and 1o Mrs. Besant and '?-.- Mr. Bradlauah. ' The lecturer then said ha wonld not allow the Christian platform to ba Boiled by entering into a public discussion with, men who were moro or lets connected with the ' propagation of infidel immorality, '.''£ arid he f had only received challenges from suoh persons. He then proceeded to argue that the alleged phenomena of spiritism,- if admitted to be real, were not Bup:rnatural,and' ' ?? pointed out and emphasized the difference be tween the superhuman and the snpornatnral..'. ; Passing on, ho referred to the doctrines of 8we denborg, and coBdemned ot-e of his works as being notoriously mischievous, and then- dis- — cussed flomo of the alleged spiritnaliutio reve-, ?'-.'- lationn, dealing at length with certain alleged* »? ProfeBBor Zb'ilner, of Leipsio. In conclusion, he said, let them prove if they could, by. modern : .; evidonoe, that ail-that the :Bible aays is true,?^ bnt let them . ever remember that the highest -;. copmunion of all was opon to overy one of them — the communion of the Holy Ghost. : ' ' 