Ifote^nCmTentdBveiits. Tho Premier's speech at the meeting held in Favour of Ids colleague. Dr. Renwiok, on Friday night, was couched in a somewhat similar style to the one which he delivered on the previous even ing. Tbe tone wat, perhaps, a little less defiant and ft little nutee cajoling than that of the ad dreaa at the Twmperance Hall. It was equally egotistical and disingenuous. Whether in. that ad wiserecordivm and charcteristically modest appeal to the electoae ' not to put aside a man woo had grown white in the service o,f his fellow men,' or in those passages in which he struck a bolder note; there was the same persistent attempt to divert the attention of his -hearers from the real point at issue. An appeal to sec tarian passions and prejudices haft so often proved a trump card in Sir Henry's hand that it is not surprising that he should 'produce it now. Accordingly his speech at the Protestant Hall wound up with a mysterious intimation as to the number of votes that would be given ' in one dark mass.' against the Government.' There was a time when such tactics would have been success ful j but, happily for the .best interests of New South Wales, it has gone -by, and, we trust, for ever. So faf, at least, as the issues which are at present submitted to the country are concerned, the phantoms which Sir Henry Parkes is striving to conjure up are as effectually exorcised — well, as the Ffia.ma ghost. It fe deeply tp be regretted that Dv, Benwiok shvuld. hare lent himself tp forward' tfce designs and imitate- ta«qn«cru!-ul»u£ tactics of his leader. y!it» ebullition Qf childish petulance and ab- 'eardity -which produced hi? attack on Mr, Stuart aad %he other opponents, of the Ministry— an at tack the feebleness of which w&s; only surpassed 'by ifej unreasonableness — showed beyond dispute hpw, great was the mistake mads by Dr, Renwick \ghaXL he ai-an- ip*ed tide safe obscurity of a pri vate station aa4 those metaphysical studies which, he b go well fitted by nature to adorn for the turmoil of politics. Still greater was the error of judgment which induced him to accept office in the present Cabinet, and so become *-ths last and smallest joint of the Minis terial tail,1* and a butt for the ridicule of the Secretary far Lands ; and now at last he who was £r3t elected- as the advocate of an enlightened popular culture stands before us as the champion 91 trivoJity, and t&e; supporter or a clique of worn ont ^ureaucratg. We are at a loss to decide which of the two characters which Dr. Benwick assumes really belongs tp him, or to understand his language about th.e education question and the Chinese Restriction Act. If he imagines that he will benefit his friend^ by raising' such cries against their more prominent opponents, he must be waguterly blind to the real state Of publjo opinion. The public have said very plainly $at they will h^ve no more of him and Hs friends, and the sooner. Dr. Eenwick takes that to heart the better for himself. It is very well to frame Acts of Parliament, but it is much better to administer them. Administration, too, is an every day business, and, therefore, infinitely more necessary to be understood than even legis lation. Ik must, therefore, be supposed that the education act has been well administered. Dr. Bepvick says it has. lie says in reference to high schools— r^' fhafy i£ a subject which has boon under the careftCL consideration of the Govern ment, and She believed it ^W the desire of every member of ft tp enable our boys to enter the high eqhoola/' A6 a matter of fact this desire is so strong that the Government have first framed regulations which render the establishment of high schools impossible, and then urge the regu lations as a reason for not establishing the schools. This is only one instance of the want of candpur whioh Dr. Eenwick has exhibited. If, after such a epeech as he has made, he does not find himself among the rejected we shall be very much mistaken. ^ ' * Who are ' the people Y* Sir John Eobertson says the Opposition are trying to rob ' the people' of their land. Sir Twenty Parkes says 'the people' $xe resolved that he shall be triumph antly returned to Parliament, and Dr. Eenwick says that Me. Stuart's supporters have no sym pathy with 'f the people.' All three are agreed that the people are quite unable to protect them selves, bu.t require to be taken care of by a strong Government fikp the.ir ownj and that, if their Government should, by any chance, be ousted, the poor, defenceless people wiJ^ be oppressed, harsied, and dfspqUad ty an extent shocking to contemplate, tf? must confess that, though -we have hitharjB been under the impression that W9 k&W; something of the people, we bave never made tjia acquaintance c£ such a feeble ehiffless race as those described by members of the-3&hinat.; The peoplt, «A ve know them, are qui|eat-letp tak$ car# of themselves, know per fectly ^ell what they want, and generally take pretty effectual measures to eooure it. We are afraid tha*, in the mouths of Ministers, this phrase ie «nly » plaasant abstraction which they hope, 'by -jonetan^ rapetition, tp induce credulous or thoughtless persons to take for a reality. They think that ^m«n are so simple, and governed so absolutely by iaeir present needs that he who wishes tQ deceive -ErUl never fail of finding dupes. v 'W* hqp% ho^«T*r, by timely warning to djmfoisi) the migchiftTous tendency of these *ninigtMrip.- pr«t«naiccQa. Every useful and last ing reform that has ever been effected in this world has been ibe result of pressure from below.. !t£e presaat crisis i* a case in point. For years t^e 4j8in*n4 lor Und reform has been made by the whoj^ body «( the people, and has -been etccnu ously resisted qy tjie pjresent Administration, and ^bove aji, by ^he Ifinister for lands, who, in flto&d; q| q proXect^r, has been an oppressor of the people ifi. th.is matter ; and now they must learn by experience the truth of this maxim: f Early r'eforw? are amicable arrangements with a friend inpow3r;late reforms are terms-4mposed upon a conquered enemje.' Ifotbin^ could. lay* been more lucid than the. jn»ns-wkj9b.:uXiv5ei-I took to make the electors 91 Igast 5yd»ay understand the evils brought -upon the selectors, the squatters, and the country by Sir Johji SoVertson'p land legislation. With, a vwitatle p∈ -j£ one of the great pastoral free hola^s of Eiveriu^, on which was shown by diffe rent colours the purchases at auction, the dummy seUctioaB, and the acquisitions by volunteer land ol^exs, hs clearly explained how Annie Smith h^kd boon 'sqi^ej^sed, and h9w by the shark with $hroe xp^s'of t#eth many another selector had beau devoured. Mf. Eeid. alsp made his great «Be*tuag O9mpreh«ftd by what de^P^3 ways the blaokmsiloro c-rry bi- their ^ approaches against the squatters, using even tfo money of the equa^^rs tp circumvent them. He 4eserved the urtfiagffipir.&tteiition; hw speech received, because hojjev^r attempted to mystify his hearers, but always ajiptolag to their r*aaon. Th«-«avorAl members of the recently defeated Goverjiment^ together with their supporters, are. miking strenuous efforts tp divert the attention of the electors from the real issue before them, instances of ttv ^ay be f pund in- perhaps eve^ ry dectioneerinjrepeechlmade during thetpast week ; and, therefore, ^tx, Cope]^n^- was' thoroughly jus tified In all that be scjd on Saturday night. Sir Henry Partee undoubtedly has been in the most contemptible manner 'endeavouring to shuffle out of the true issue, and attempting to set his fel lowmen tearing at each others throats over that education question, a question wnicnwas actually and finally settled tjro years ago, and which ?fire sincerely hope the country will not allow to be again opened up. If, indeed, the people allow themselves tp be put off by sucji shaljpw artifices as these the result will oe very serious for t£.e cpuntiy. At present there is one issue, and one only, before the elec tors, and that is the question whether the present pernicious system of administering the- public estate of the colony shall or shall not be allowed to continue. It vas on this question that the Government pledged their existence ; it was on this question that they were defeated by a sub stantial majority in the House ; and it is on this question that the dissolution has taken place, and now the Parkes party, afraid, and with reason, of being %eaten in the general elections, have set themetSpes to try ana throw dust in the eyes of tiie electors, and by rousing the strong passions of religious differences, to blind the voters as to the real question. But the people are not fcols, and those who thus try to treat them as such Will find that they have made a mistake, pr- - fv- ? ^{,s T.\v. v^'.vHV ? / '' ' v* It would really be an exceUentything itifr. Foster' would go back to' school 'and pursu^g course of reading in constitutional history «|» law, and then perhaps we should be spared the infliction of hearing1 him make such egregious mistakes as he did List Saturday night, when in the vain attempt to excuse the dissolution, he said i — ''The Government were defeated on the Land Bill, and the 6nly «our«e left open to them was to ask the Governor to allow them to appeal to the country,' In the face of this statement we would very much like to ask Mr. Foster, and perhaps after he has gone through the school' course which we suggest he will be able to give j us an answer, to enumerate the several cases in which a dissolution qJLParliament is a proper and constitutional course to adopt. Dr. Hearn, the author of various well-known books on consitu tional government, does in his 'Govern- ment of England,' lay down a rule, sup ported by excellent logic, and many precedents to the following effect: — That a dissolution -of Parliament can only be regarded as proper in three cases — (1) Where the Crown is displeased, with either House. (2) Where the two Houses cannot agree. (3) Where there is no sufficient unity amongst the Commons themselves — and he proceeds to single out the case of the dissolution of 1859, and to denounce it as a mere party measure ; and this if exactly what the present dissolution really is. The only proper' and con stitutional course, as we have already pointed; .out in our leading- columns, -would have been for the Parkep' Iffinistry tp resign. But they were so fond of their 6.eate and their emoluments that they determined to violate the constitution, and g2 to the country, in.the hope that they might be able to blind the electors as to the real issue be fore them. What the lately-defeated Govern ment want to do at these elections is to ignore tho Xiand Bill, , and to raise- in its place the old: secular education cry. Mr. W. J. Foster's Speech- a^TTewtown on Satus day evening aa «. defence of the measure on which: the Government appeals to tfre country, was not much of an improvement on what had already been heard from the ministerial platform. It was easy to see that his heart was not in it. To find even plausible arguments in favour of the iniquitous policy embodied in in the so-called amended Land Act was a task to ?which the Minister for Justice was unequal. Those which he did advance were a tissue of sophistries which the slightest breath of common, sense might sweep away. It is only'fair to Mr. Foster to admit that ne ^eeraed. conscious of the badness of the cause which he tried to advocate, and following the example of his - astute leader he endeavoured ^o direct attention as far as possible from the real, issues on which the constituencies have to decide. What he did say on the land question almost amounted to a con fession of the inability of the Government tp deal with it in an equitetye spirit, or at least of the dismal failure of their latest effort in that direc tion. One mus^ feel a certain amount of sym pathy for a gentleman placed in the distressful circumstances of the honorable and learned member for N' ewtown, thus constrained to echo a shibboleth in which he evidently has no faith. The .portraiture of Sir Henry Parkes by Miv Beid had all the charm of the original, as every lineament of tnat remarkable man was touched by his own master hand. As Beswell, from the conversations of Dr. Johnson, gave the world an acourate likeness Qf tt© mind of that great philosopher and moralist, eo Mr, Iteidmade his audience realise, from the speeches and actions of the man himself, the arrogance, duplicity, and imposture of him vho poses as Australia's greatest patriot and statesman. Mr. Eeid also proved, from the speeches or written addresses of Sir Henry Parkes, Mr. Watson, Mr. Foster, Dr. Eenwick, and Afr- John Davies, the whipper-in of the Ministry, that they themselves have from time tp time,'andTeeently too, advocatedj in no uncertain terms, the very principles which Mr. Stuart formulated in his ' now celebrated speech on the Land Bill. Yet all this must have been concealed from his Excellency when the archr, traitor induced nun tp dissolve Parliament, in contravention of everv constitutional precedent. 