THE LOUNGER. ' tTowfik Pasha, Khodivo of Egypt, is vory-! good. Ho lma issuod a " reassuring manifosto." Ho informs tho world that Dervish Pasha, tho Turkish-.Commiesionor, and Arab! Pasha, tho Minister of War, will jointly guarantee security of lifo and proporty to the European rc8idends. In viow of. tho fact that Mosdours Dervish Pasha aud Aribi Pasha wore impotont to quell tho riot in tho courso of which the lives of sumo Bixtv or seventy Enropoans wore sacrificed ana a number of shops boiougiog to tho accursed Franks wore sacked, it may be reasonable perhaps to bo somowhat doubt ful of tho capacity of tlieso gentlomun to bo equal to their responsibilities. At any rate, it. is somowhat of a pity that tho guarantee was not made earlier, and that it should havo boon called forth only by wholo- ealo massncre and plundering. In Dizzy's tiriio, or wbeu Pam, chewod tho historical straw, any such guarantee would not havo bceu called for. Nor is it likely that the ' shnmoful outrage which has inspired it would have tnkou flacs. Tloso dead groat mon had a Cromwellmn fashion of sayiug "it ahull be soj" or " it shall not be so, and backed up tboir assertion with something moro than pro- test. They tell me that Mr Gladstone is a groat man. I do not doubt it, But ho is also a good man ; and a good man, conscientious truthful, humane, and a boliovor iu moral influonco n»n factor in diplomacy, is a very daugorons man to ontrust with such complications us tho Egyptian difficulty, 'This is my notion any way. Mr Gladstone, I do not besitato to assort, iriin aomo regard ovon , a weak man. Bis policy changOB nt tho least puff. This seems childish, aud indicates tho indecision and caprico of an irrcsoluto and timid nattiro. Ill' all thoir difficulties, if historical precedent bo ' worth a button, decis ive action, prompt and comprehend vq, baa over boon the policy of thoso who have controlled revolutions and restored order. Wo shrill cortuiuly not get out of the Egyptian bother by compromise. Having gone ao far, Franco and Euglnud will have to go further ; so that oro long Mr Gladstone's peaco policy will havo to bo swallowod by tho honorablo gentleman with as good will aud appotito as ho jean bring to boar upon the oporation. Yes, sir. Arab! Pasha, it will bo scan, in significant aa ho may be, will have boon at ; the bottom of a very serious trouble indeed, A circular has boon issued by tho Exooutive Committeo of the Garfiold Memorial Hospital, at Washington, which phould movo tho sym pathy of overy honest man aud woman in the wido world. It is of the naturo of an appoal for contributions in aid of the , 'fund to moot tbc cost of erecting a Memorial Hospital, to thomemory of ono of tho bout aud noblest of' . men— tho lato PrQRident'Garffold. Now, this is an exceptional matter. It seomH to me that peoplo will bo 'dager to give of their substance to swell this fund. The . moat worldly and rolfiflh among us cannot bo insonsible to. the pure and lofty character of tho late President. A really good man— ungolfiah.riuoateutatioualy religious; a patriot, a friond, n dovoted son anq husband and fathor; a man of iutolloct and hoart — sucli a man is not ho common omring us that wo can afford to. pass him by .unnoticed. And whon to those virtues and | noble qualities we add the tragody of the doalhof him who ownod them, surely our hoaVts should be stirred to. an eager desire to hold a sharo in tho groat National— nay Cos mopolitan— memorial which it 1ms boon ro solved to eBtabUsh to the honor of tlio doad man's memory. It would be well if firom tlils country we who enjoy the sweets of, liberal institutions akin to.thoio'of which tho lato Pro- a sum of money woro sent of such proportions as might testify to the- peoplo of tho United States that wo hold with thorn tho iuemory of President. Garfiold in honor.and affection. ' . The Jewish Tribunals in Russia upon whom Ilea) the responsibility of pronouncing tin Khorom or great- excommunication againat offending Hebrews, do so with a livoly sense of tthe - oloqnence-' of malediction. Tho anathema of Romo against . traitors to tho church aurely nover apnronched the following fearful improcotion/wuich is launchod against those offenders of the law who aro deemed de serving of excommunication. Thus it runs "May tho Lord's calamity haslon to|ovortako liiin ; God tho Creator break him, bond him ! May fiends oncountcr him ! May ho bo accursed wherever he stands ! May tho Lord visit him with consump tion, brain fovcr. inflammation, insanity, nlcurs, and jaundice ! May I10 be as chaff which the wind drives before it, and may tho Angel of God pursuo liiin I May he onoounter direst despair, and may he inll into the net spread for hk feet by God 1 IIo shall bo clothed with curses as with a garment, aud God shall givo no forgiveness to this man, bub pour His wrath and His vongcanco upon hiin ; and all ! tho curses shall enter into hitn that are written in the Law," Thero ! If tiiat isn't a cheerful imprecation I know nothing of tho influonco of graphic speech nnd strong longnngo. Tho man who, believing implicitly in the faith of his fathers, lma been brought to tho pass of in curring the Kherem, and tho cur.30 with which it is conveyed, might woll despair of all things of this lifo, nnd all hone borenfter. Bnt to the man of tho world, tuo agnoHtio, who is content to accept without inquiry — tbe Italian ad ace occurs " Curses liko chickens alwayB como homo to roost." For my part I dp not know whether I should pity most the High Friost or President who de livered thiK onrso upon tho ox-oommunioated or its subject. Certainly they who can call down Almighty vengeance in those torms mu&tcnUrtuin; a very 'vigorous idoa . of tho natriro of tho Being whom they describo In or.o breath as all love, moroy and justico, and ill tho other un I ho o( wratU and von geanco and unutterable woo. What is described by the houso doctor of tho Chambers street Hospital in Now York as tho " most wonderful oaso of druuk " ho h! over aeou or hoard of, ..found. illustration, a fow months back, in tho person of a niau aJod 00, who wm brought to tho hospital suffisriuz from nervous depression, Tho man WU.» brought htm was a publican, who said tliatt patient hadongaged a room, and for l.)Ur <Uv„ Cffntmucd drinking chaiupagno, eating notifim Tho pubheau -at last became irightom.i nud brought him to the hospital. Ti l doctor said that whon ho got the nation! in tho word ho said ho w.as used to big .inn, , of bromido and. chloral, and must have lot Ho gave him ninety grains of bromide ami thirty grains of chloral which is a big t| that amount of chloral having boon known p, cnuao death, Tho usual ainouut of chloral givon under circumstancos U fiftuu grains. Tho dope had uo effect upon t!m aturdy old mobriato. He was stupid when ho camo into the hospital, but tius troatmonc only modo Imu worse. Tho troatmont was .repeatod overy two hours, without bouofir Ho followod the doctor about, begging with tears in his eyes for largor doses. Of courea tho doctor daro uot nccedo to his ontroatv But ho lcopt giving him a similat- dose ovofv two houra for twonfcy four hours, and in that time ho had takon 085 grains of bromide and ; 273 grains of chloral, without the 'riightojt effect. In tho noxt two days ho continued 235 additional grains of bromide, 13J) 0f chloral, and ono half grain of morphia. e discharged cured on tho fourth day, having in 72 hours taken 920 -grains of bromide, 4I4 grains of chlorAl, aud five oighths of a grain of morphia. I think that tho doctor was justified in describing this case tho most wnndorful "drunk" of his expericnco. This uuhappy- wretch is a Cali- fomiau, and liis family reaido in San lran. cinco, Ho is described as highly edocatod ami possoRBod of many refined tastes. Ho informed tho doctor that ho had s;icnt months and months in ,tho hospitals in Parin and London, in recovering from the effects nf his dolmuches. Now I tanoy that if Dr M'Chrthy had tho courage to tacklo this customer, ho would find his boat resources taxed to tho uttoiinnst. A man who can livo upon bromide ' of potassium— a feature of whoao iulluenco is tho destruction of tho animal Uhbuo-j— nud chloral and morphia, should make a subject for inuch interesting physiological inquiry, Tbo resources of tiie law aro infinite. Ono can never count upon escaping a pouolty by reason of the fact that modern law doeinot provido for tho punishment of ono'a offoncj. An induBtriouB " limb " will, in uino caaoa out -.of ten buut up from the musty statute 0 f centuries back somo unrepealed act which meets tho caee. Thia was proved the other day in Queensland. A Mr 'O'Kanc, oditor of tho Northern Minor, was charged under an act of Kdwnrd III. with the uso nf abuaivo and qiiarrclsomo Inuguaro.aud was bound over, un der penalties, to cease fromfurthor offence, aud to ksop the jioaco. Mr O'Kauo, whom I -knew very woll, is a. vigorous writer, and hi remarks in tbe.Minor BTtvo stirred tho wrath of the worthies of Charters Towers, with the consequence that thia mouldy old stntuto of Edward tbu Third's day was unearthed in , order to handcuff his paper, Tho ordinary law of libel was impotont to meet this ctuo, and so thoso old bones wore dug up and rat tled. in tbo cause, of the public peace and order. Mr O'Knne. of course, una had to Mibmit, but he dies hard. Ho declares that for 12 month scoundrelism must go unrebulced. And, it must bo tcniemborcd that tbia extraordinary net of repression hns lieon put into force, uot by (ho verdict of a jury or tho sentence of a judge, but by a bench of magistrates sitting in Folico Court jurisdictions. And that the offender in this caso hns tho sympathy nud Approval of the general community is' shown in tho fact that uone of the nutnorous libol actions ' which have beon instituted ngaiust theNovthorn Miuer havo proved successful.' It is ovidenl then that tho act of tho magistracy in calling up ' tho ghost of .n statuto Ro.vontl centuries old in order to suppross honest writing has uot been prompted by any souse of jubtico or a de8tro to maintain order aud peace. J t is theiofoio a monstrous inattor that a mouldy old statute should bo evoked successfully for the uurposeof muzzling a frco and outspoken Pros. Tbero aro dozens of these ancient laws which need sifting. , I can remomber some ten years tig'o that an awful old penal law statute was brought forward to deal with a mon, at Farramatta who bad tho bail toRto to ridicule Mosos. And under tho provisions of this law be was punished severely. Of courso thoro was a great hub bub, and tho senteuco was romittod, upun appeal. But tho fact remained that tho law was in oxistonco and that no stops had beou taken to repeal it. Now, I think that if some of our industrious legislators wero to hunt up these old fossils and bring in an net to swoop thoin off thoStatutoBook atones and for ovor, the air would Co all tbo purer. It is moustroiu that under tbe provisions of an act of tho reign of Edward 111, a journalist pliould bo . muzzled for twelve tnonthB, aud I suppose that what has happened to him in Queeuland might any day happon to a fellow craftsman in Victoria. - 