Conqsuest'adi cettitt's emotioaml domestic Iraciua entitled tie ' Black' Flag" was pro iliuced at the Theatre Royal on Satunlay night. The piece was well ?ast, mlountc, and put on the stage. Mr. Alfre? Damnpier and his daughter, and Mliss Annic Adere made thcir re.ippearance. 'The plot is sonic. wlmt as follows. A MIr. Owen Glyndon, a rich firmnner, has two sons, of whom he loves one'and hates the'bthcr, who is'the son of a mlan who was ?nuiriecl to IRuth Glynldon be fore oMr. Glyndon married her, and who is called tec.\ agaibnd, and the other, his own son, called John. . The two half-brothers are n love with a rich heires, ,Naomi Iland fonrd, their father's wardn. Tihe Vagabod. lasiing promised to refonrm, is the accepted lover of Naomli, on his asking his' fathers anlsent. He (Glyndon) who intended Naomi iu his favorite son John, onlers the :Vaga. ameul out of his house, iand iilforms him that heis notl his son, but that of a man who was lia maother's first haslosud, andl who commit ted forgery and was tramiported, andl who died in prison. lie further commuonids Naomi to gisve bhimp, but she refusis. The othr' brother John, baid been dissipating, and riimnntg short' of . money had forged a bill whi?a had been disceootcl by a Sin Iaasrts, of the Long fiar, ndl on it Ioeilll ingdilueohe (Lazarus) prompts him to rob Ihis father, w]io has a large sum of.mnoiy in the house. John does, and in the attempt a struggle takes place, in which Farmer Glyn don .so nearlykilled. He, howoever, recog nisci his assailant, who had disgulseld hinm self in his brother's clothes, and Naomi also mistook him, so that the evidence was alto ggether against the Vagabond, who, although his persisted thati he was innocent of the deed, was transportel to Portland. Tile attack' of John on Iris father had' been, how ever, witnessed by Lazarus, and also by street arab whom the :Vagabond Ihad be friended. Naomi, who with MIr. Glylndon had come to Portland, contrives Iby the! aid of a Portlander, to conceal a plan of the island and a mode of procedure for escape in a pile of atones where the Vagabond was working. He, whilst at work in the quarry finds intandjudging rightly 36ho had had it placel threr, nmakes bhi escape. Lzauins, who had trece transported for somne offence, also escapes, anr thie end of tihe thini scene shors how they elude the soldiers and reach the schooner, which wasJ in reailiess should they be suecessful. The last scene clears up everything. Johni tal hired a man toshoot tris brrother, and ini tIhe attempt the street arab Ned, who his been woatchig, interposes and saves the Vagabond's lifo at the expense bf his o t. ' 'I idI would .livfo o andis Isaid I w ould'dlio for you,?tir'T hare done it, gnv'ncr, havn't I." John, who tries to xplain that the man mnust have done the deem accidentally; is taken in icharge at the instigation of Lasias and others, %ho ile nottrcne hin as the robher. Tihe scenery is very elfective, especially the quarries where the prisoners are at work at the sea scene.' The character of the Vagabond wao splen nidly given by 3Mr. Dampter, whilst that of li, irother Jo.lhn was taken iby Mr. Charles Brown. Owen Glyndon (Ir. 10. N. JoTes), asi Isis wife Rltth -(Mrs; Ryan), aws well as their ward Naomi's (Minss AmieAdere) parts. wero well sstained ; whilst those'of Lazarus (Mr. Oily Deering), Augustus S?arrm (Mr. tGreville), and Topsy Carroll, landlady of tihe Lion of England i(Mism Deoy Stewart) were elrectivci anid aulssingly given. A special wonl of praise is due to el' (Mi§s Lily Damnpier), for tihe splndidl maenr eris which ile crrim l out ther impersonation. The mnle profrarmme rill be rpeted this even tig. Oa Wrednesday evening, Mr. Coppin, who is retiring from active anagement, is entitled and therefore avails himself of a special benefit night, the protaecls of which he states is is intention to vce towards completing tie , endorsmet , fu deof . thre founder'a cottage'a tthe drainmticahhid instcal hlome, ani also to ereate a snitlar one at tile lu colonists ossnc ation's homse. An attrac tire progroanme will be given, besicde a ehance in agift dlistribtion. . " I, UDS S'O . TIILI-TTE. TheNewOrleans JuvenileMirnstrel troupa aImvy Ien'pirfdnnsng' it th?'a"bos 'tlimert"o durisng the aeek, ald if laughter and ap planse nre any criterion tse puhlie are evi selntly well satisfien . The troue eclail to e tie onily one in Auustrali of thesort. Tihe prograu uce they place before the public is invel; ?insinsg, and entertaisring, and is thoroughly appesiated. They must in seen to be appreicated., Au entire change of pro. br'unel is anlnnounced for this evening. and as ther is only a'osort season all those who irtenl eeeing them' ?houldl do so at once. u BIsnOU TII?TR.ll t "Tihe MerIchlnt of Venice," Shakcapearus onsbliei pla,u' was' prmlnued at the alve' thelltrenol Saturday, Mforlay, Tuesl ay and etinelnmdayr ecenings. Tihe play ?ras rot girec in its estirety,. as it oncluded t wilt thre trial scane. Tire earacter of Slylrk was well pourtrayal ip Mr. J. Derwhuert, whilst thoC e of 'Portin and Ncrisa wiere splendidly brgive by Mrs. G. B. W. Lewis anld Missb Rolasidllitta Phtillip.. Antolio's i-rt wias well giver by Mr. . I, R]eutrell, s was also thalt of Iltnatanio by r. Arthur Elliot. Jlisa Blancuhe Louis rraie a capital Lorenzo, whilst Mr. hl. 1. Carey imade i imot aunlsing Latueclot Goibto The re msimndler of thdi characters were well rsn ds?esl. The sing.iig was good and the acting wasforeihle. Thie evenhlgs entertainment coucluedl with "Katheriuin and Pctruchio ;" or. an it is more farsilarly kntrown, "Tanllng the Shlrew. It is a llost atmusing comenly and, as I'etruelio, Mr. J. Dewrlrrsot kept the furil raging fast mirld furious, althourht, as Kathernlfe, Ml . C. i. 1 . . Lewisa mhal the Itet of it at first. As Orlnio Mr. G. '. Carey ably saoerlln Mr. I)Dewiurst. Tire rctainder of the cthaneters werre well 'ien, leeliatly that of Biaran ({Miss May Meart' fonrd), rwho is al actress of undouri btnl asility and will certainlyy work hier wayr to a Irromi. rrea position ill hier profession, especially as site is snder the personal supervision of Mrs. (.; Il. .W. Lewis. 'Much aei ilso ?at nothinrg." sith, ai afterpicwe "Tire Ilillious Attack". were well given on Thurrolay evening. 'resaanreoi onirn spann will not allow of a lengthy report. Last evening '"Hamlet" was bgvms, viwthlch eIr. Den hurst sustainetl tile part of Hmonlet, Mrs. i.-B.-W.-Lerwrin-that of the-Queen, Mr. (:. C. Ireland that'of, theG.host and M1iss Rlolald tWatts Phillips thalt of Otlpelia. Tihe renrrinder of the parts were well reisterel. Ill coniesuence of its suecess "M\uch ado ablmt nothing" -sill' be repsatel for this evening only. ' IOIs?Cal?i TIIc?*TiE. C'Grasshoopper;.or tihe e?liices of tihe eCarns" is still running at this thetre, iand is as well attendled as ever therer Ieing only standlingroom sornlmen reenings. Tile play glides splendidly along and is well rceivut, and aeeoronlel tile applald i ewhich one andil all well merit. Messrs. \Williarsooa, soraer and MIusgrove annrounren that they have seacured tihe letase of tihe Theatre lRoyal for a nunber of scars, and tlmt their cie sea.' son ill Inbe isnauguratedn on Satlray Ist July by tihe presenttieon, for tihe tlirst tiime intIclbourne, of tile new- resthetlc opera en titled "'atienrrce ; or, Buiithrosie's Iliide." The "Gramsshopper" will be repeatnl this evening and until further notice. -.TIIE N.i-I. C ALIA.. Last evening in response to lunerurous requests Missn Louise L'onieroy gave a dramatic =raltn g"m recital Tlhe hall wasi well attended.' Her lerfonimieaes Were'well rerdered and site rceive tihe applanose so l no well mncriteal.' A second rcadlng and recital is arrnttn-nnats to take plae at tile saillse' hall o Tueoeay veniinsg the 57th Juce. i"Rain"n wasrodnued for tih last'tiine but one at tihe abroe hall last' eveninrg, and it lainig the benefit of 'Miss Eva 'Pear, tire hall was crowdnl. Tihe progsinlnle was gone through in, the "Herwett Mietteam" well-knons-l arid favorablel style, andi was received, as has rIun tihe rule sincO its first prodnction, with roluns of applause. Trhe performance was encratel bIy tihe nappar. auce of that celetbrateld actress Mis Eloisn J.noe, who kindly gave hIer serviem 'and gave some splendih recitations, :"Charge of the Light Brigade," and,'thers. To-tiglht is their last pjerforuoancr a i I Melonnur-e. Theirbushinessar? tager, Mr.W\\. H Esiwarta, left 'for (iiplsland on Thrilnay to nhake arrangements for their tour through tihe 'colonies, whilch we loire nio dolubt will.be a suneafulone.. 'We ,al hie glad to oe? thleir hack again. 