SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. VICTORIA AMATEUR TURF CLUB RACES. , . By TELEGRAPH.,] (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) MELBOURNE, Saturday. The Amateur Turf Club races took place to-day. The weather was fine but very cold, and there was a good attendance. The course was in excellent condition. The captain and officers of the Japanese war steamer Tsukuba were present. The various events were well contested, though the fields in most cases were small, and the meeting proved very enjoyable The following are the results: SELLING RACE. GonzftRo. 1 despite . 2 Sterling . S The other starters were Bouquet, Bustard, Soothsayer, Glad Tidings, and Kaiser. The betting was 7 to -1 Sterling, 2 to 1 Gossage, 3 to 1 Respite. Gonzago was bought in by the owner for £90. SELLING HURDLES. Gossip 1 Cracksman. 2 Saladin . ?. 3 Buzza, the only other starter, was distanced, having baulked. Cracksman, who came with a grand rush at the finish, was sold to Macklin for jSICO. VICTORIA GOLD CUP Young Deceiver (Mr. Glasscock) ..'.. 1 KiRlit Bower (Mr. Watson) 2 Yerlo (Mr. J. Inglis) 3 Tallboy and Baronet also started. The betting was even on Young Deceiver, U to 1 others. Tallboy led, Young Deceiver following, with Yerlo and Baronet. The latter baulked frequently. Young Deceiver led until approaching the last jump, when Yerlo run up, but unfortunately failed to negotiate the fence. Inglis made a plucky attempt to retrieve his position, and missed his saddle twice, and Young Deceiver walked in, Right Bower second, Yerlo third. LADIES' TROrilY. Glad Tidings (Morrison Westbury ( Harness) 2 Mercury (Robinson) S Larpent, Sir Joseph, Bolladrum, Liberator, Haidee of the Hills, "Verdure, The Ghost, Beadsman, Cooreena, Trans- ferred, Squireen, Tide, Cassiopeia, Boatman, Brisbane, ICingshcad, Timon, Colstown, Scipio, Will of' the Wisp, Barwon, Advance, Little Nell, Norfolk, Granville, King Charles, Gasulior, Jubilee, Gardenia, and Reprise also started. The betting was 7 to 1 v. Verdure and Timor, 10 to 1 Ghost, and 100 to I Glad Tidings. Much difficulty was experienced in starting, and Rooftrco was left behind. Sir Joseph, Squireen, and Larpent got well away, and Timor shortly got a prominent position. Larpent looked the winner, until coming into the straight, when Mercury ran to the front, but was immediately dispossessed of this position by Glad Tidings, who was closely followed by Westbury. In that order they passed the post, Glad Tidings leading by a length. More July k good third. Ver- dure and Ghost were never in the race, and Timon retired to a back position when half the distance was traversed. Time, 1 minute 22 seconds. OPEN STEEPLECHASE. Collingwood 1 Glowligkt (lau Twilight) 2 Freedom 3 The other starters were Topman, Quicksilver, Breechloader Fusilier, Tarrawarra, Skipper (late Pilot), Pioneer, Hands Down. Almost every horse but those placed fell. The race promised to be a good one between Collingwood and Skipper, but the latter ran outside the post at the last fence, and the favourite then won easily. 