INTEECOLONIAL ITEMS. The Seaman's Home at Newcastle is com pleted. At the end of September hut "West Australia had a surplus of £20,000. *" The New Zealand Government lias imported a consignment of ferrets. ~ -;A spot on the sun is - said to be visible to the ' naVed eye at Melbourne. - : ; A _ Mr. Hcydon has been ventilating his protec tion notions at Orange (N.S.W.) .., y ■ - - Colonial tram cars arc to bo used on the Adelaide and Goodwood tramways. The Harriet pearl, lately found ncarBocbuch Bay (W.A.),realised £1,500 in England. Tliere are policemen in New South Wales—one to every 080 of the population. There are forty " truant inspectors " in Now South Wales, each of .whom receives.£200 a year.^ £ £ 'X.' ,*•}'. . >' '\ '{ Tlicro was a splendid display of tlie Aurora Australia-in Melbourne oh the evening of No-; vember 17. Tho-Govornor of -Western Australia. is.to.bo. prcsont at tho musical festival in Melbourne' in December. _ A shock of earthquake is reported to liavo been felt in several districts of Victoria on the 18tli November. I;}. r/'"' »• *{ ... The new Anglican jjdthedral has been com menced, and is expected to bo completed by the end of 1SS4. , • ... . . t . A ^Mr. -Turbillj/bf Mngill. (S.A.), recently captured a spotted wood lizard which had three well-defined tails. ^ ^ • It is intimated tliat 1,750,000 acres of Crown lands will shortly be open for pastoral lease in Otago, New Zealand. " ^ ~ Y . i During 2 years'and 10 months there have been 47 accidents on the'Sydney tramways, rof wliicblS proved fatal. ^ - ^ ...-Sc-fc.ttt The week before lost was the hottest that has been; experienced in Melbourne in the month . "of November for ton years past; '■! v; : Another school teacher in Victoria has been suspended for falsifying-; tho rolls in order to obtain an increase of salary. » - An elderly man - named Francis; Croker, of Macdonald Town (N.S{W)> f°,ll down^stairs on the Gtli instant mid broke his neck. w An unsuccessful attempt was made on the: 30th October to wreck the Onehunga train, New Zealand, by placing a stone on the rails. _ ' The Rer.'.W; H.FitcHett announced a Iques-l tion-box lecture *' in the Hiclnnond Wesleyan Church (Melbourne), on the 29th November...,. Tlic new Catholic Bishop of Auckland, Dr. Luck, had a great reception on his arrival; .tho. Anglican bishop sent him a splendid bouquet.: A if vJplim" in tliA "RiiflmnaJ: rfliltrnv AAlliainn ictlm" in tho Batliurst railway collision having received no wounds in the smash, painted a few'" bruises" on himself,'but tho trick didn't work. Among S50 candidates who have entered for the next matriculation examination in connec tion with,the Melbourne University there is one from Brisbane.~ ^ -*• * ■ • Dr. David Thomas,- in,a. lecture before the. Adelaide Boyal Society,' stated that the deaths from hydatids in Soutli Australia had been 36" in twelve months. It is said that a libel action lias been com menced by Mr. George, Anderson, of Middle Harbour, against the: &'« 2£ .Eerald, \ damages being laid at £5.000. A -well-known member of tbe-N. S.-Wales Legislature had his hands poisoned a week or two ago: by. woaring;'a pair of bright yellow gloves on a warm day; The Adelaide corporation have passed a re solution to prevent butchers and others from tying the legs oE . calves, poultry, and sheep, before and after purchase. Ihe profit on' Sydney tramways last year dropped from 12 to 6 per cent, the reduction being caused by the heavy cott of rc-laying the first line with steel railways. A deserter from a German barque at Timaru (N.Z.) recently got ashore on a plank and ladder lashed together with crossbars, buoyed up by a couple of life-boat floats. ' A-Cliristchurch (N.Z.) firm, acting under instructions reccired from an American house, hare forwarded to America samples of glass sand from various parts of that colony. The city of Sandhurst (V.) is declared to be insolvent, and works on contract have to be stopped for the want of money. It is pro poicd.undtr these circumstances to float a loan of £25,000.*. Sir Henry Purkcs has occupied the position of Colonial Secretary for 9 years 8 months and 16 days, and the office of Premier for 7 years and 20 days. "In both'respectshe is in advance of aUhisprcdcceissors.':' Kent was paid for over 23,000,000 acres of land In the Eucla district (W.A.), during October. More than half of tlio area -was paid for by A. B. Wallisj of Melbourne, and over 5,000,000 acres by A. Canning, of Sydney. At Christcliurch (N.Z.) a few days' since, a liotel-keepcr, charged with neglecting to keep the lamp lighted, in front of his/house from " sunset to sunrise," pleaded in mitigation that he always understood the sun' was a fixed body and " never rose." ' . . During a recent - heavy thunderstorm at Coonamblc (N.S.W.) the . telegraph master heard atremendonsnoise in the oflicc similar to a violent peal of thunder, and on rushing in to , ascertain the cause discovered it to be a smash- j up amongst the electric macliinery. ---.. .n | On October 30 a number of Dunediii (N.Z ) gentlemen made a presentation , of a handsome, silver cup to Sergeant-major Bevan, to com memorate tlie 28th anniversary of the battle of Balaclava, where .Mr. Bevan. took part in the memorable charge of tlio Light Brigade. The number of voters on the municipal roll in Sydney is G,732. Three years ago the num ber was 20,422. The reduction is attributed to the operation of the clause of the Corporation Act of 3879, which provides that the list of voters shall be " made -up from the recipts for city rates paid to the 30th day of June in each year." Mr.Eli Johnson, the'American temperance lecturer, was taken ill after lecturing at Beau fort (V.), on the night of the 9th-inst., and in a fit of mental aberration he threw the furni ture about his room in a state of disorder.' He liad to be placed under restraint, and tak'en'tb Bullarat, where he has since recovered. ,Tho attack was said to be'of^ an-apoplectic nature. The oilier day a yeuhg wonian~with her brother,.alad about 11..years, of age,.were, gathering sticks' hear their home, Woodiido, (S.A.), when a lar^e brown snake bit the woman severely on tho point of tlio little finger. • The hoy being provided with a tomahawk at once chopped off .the j-first i joint of-Hlie woman's finger,""perforihing the bperation^-most jskil fully. A sunfish weighing a ton has hecu captured off Manly Beach (N.S.W.) . : Hanlan, tho famous sculler, intends to visit Australia in tho fall of 1883. Musical instruments contributed ovor£18,000 to lost year's revenue of Victoria. ' A" home and: training school for nurses is about to bo established in Sydney. The land sales in South Australia for the last few months show a great falling off.: -;. The Tasmanian Parliament sat four months last session, and passcd ilfty-tliree bills. Tlio bricks left on thoruihs of 'tho Garden .Palace, Sydney, have been sold for £97G. 5 The whwt crops around" Armidalo aro ex j pectcd to average thirty bushels per acre. « Two more State school teachers m .Victoria I have beon dismissed for.falsifying rolls. * The vineyards in tbo ( district of Albury I (N.S.W.) are in a very promising condition.;- .. | V The ten hours' system has nowbecoiuo gene* rally> recognised in) the bakery^trade-in Mel bourne. V A, very rich discovery has. been, made in the I New Young? Colonial Claim; at Anderson's ' Creek (V.) v: In consequence of recent frosts etone fruits aro a failure this year in some parts of New Zealand. Z Farmers in Victoria complain biitorly- of the scarcity of labour which prevents them reaping their corn. The sum of £30,000 has been spent in Vic toria in destroying the phylloxera, and it is not yet eradicated.), ; - : ; A school teacher in Kew South Wales has been detected iu falsifying tho rolls, and dis missed thorofor. r.Tho Bcv. Br) Stephenson, a distinguished, 'English *'Weslcjan - minister, who is making a tour to the, colonies, is now in Sydney. * A resolutioA in favour of Bible reading in State schools whs carried by a largo majority at a meeting held at Praliran (V.) last week. The Presbyterian General Assembly of Vic toria have 'determined; to send administer or evangelist to West Australia for twelve months. Captain Elliott has been fined three times the value of a diamond pin whicli he sold and delivered at PorLland (V.) without paying duty on it. By the last English mail the Gippsland Mercury received a packet from a well- known London'firm, addressed "Gippsland; Queens land." The^ Government of Tasmania have.been, authorised by tho legislature.to. spend £10,000 per annum, onr immigration during the next three years. r - . ^ The Victorian Society for the Protection of Animal? last year received * contributions amounting to £202 5s. 5ck, and expended £208 4s. lid.' i • ' •' - ; " There litis been a good deal of excitement in Newcastle (N.8.W.) orer the discovery of the Stockton coal seam, which is 14 feet thick, and close to deep water. The farmers around Kadina (S.A.) have re solved to petition the Government to supply them with water, because thoy find self ho?p in this particular very irksome. , ; An insolvent contractor named Samuel Burton was last week committed to gaol in Melbourne for prevarication. He did threo days for a similar offence a month ago. 1 Three men have been fined in nominal sums by the Brunswick (V.) Police Court Bench for inducing a publican* to serve them by reprc Benting"tliat they were travellers. ' The Macleay Herald (N.8.W.) states that the son of a resident there has achieved " great and deserved prosperity." ; This prosperous son is an alderman of Townsville. < . There are at presont employed in the State schools of-Victoria'.=1,767 head teachers, 891 assistants, 601 work mistresses, and 1,4-41 pupil teachers, or a total of 4,403 persons. The Women's Christian Temperance Union of Sydney is obtaining signatures to petition praying for legislation against females being employed at the bars of public-houBes. A;miserly-fellow, who has bocn sleeping about the wharves at Newcastle for the last eighteen months, was discovered to have nearly £100 in cash concealed about his person. - The New Zealand Shipping Company have arranged for a monthly steam service to Eng land, and are contracting for the building of a fleet of 4,000-ton refrigerator steel steamers. ' The Australasian reports that n jury at ilib Central Criminal Court in Melbourne last week, held as an extenuating circumstance to the crime of purjury tlmt the offender was a Gor man Jew. •. : ; '' - Matthew Burnett, the temperance reformer, lias concluded his mission in South Australia, where he claims to have induced 32,600 persons , to sign the pledge, and is now going , to .West j Australia. A number of ladies are endeavouring to bring about a change in ihb mode of selling fruit in Sydney, so that the produce of gardens and orchards may reach the consumer fresh and unbruiscd. The Melbourne Daily Telegraph commences a leading article with the rather suggestive question, "Docs anybody in the Railway De partment know anything about the railway, and, if so, who is he ?" Two men, named respectively Miller and Donaldson, had a dispute about a piece of timber attheTambo (Y.) on the 19th November,1 when the .latter took' up a double barrel gun and " shot Miller in the boot." ' i . The wife and child of a man named Murdoch I Morrison have been drowned in a tank near | Burrs, South Australia.. It is supposed that the child fell in, and tliat tho mother jumped j in and attempted to rescue it. ' . The National Agricultural Society of Victoria offer premiums of £50 and £20 respectively for'tbe'beflb'and second host designs for fencing and laying out their grounds at Elcmington, and for buildings to he.erected thereon. ?.i Coloured labour is not to be confined to the north of Queensland. Mr. T. Palmer, of Tooram, near Warrnambool (V.), has imported twenty-eight coolies, who are under a five years' engagement; and are employed on general farm work. , To the remark mado by Mr. Fairhuret in the: Church Congress that uv Melbourne "the rich were getting richer, uud the poor poorer,** the. - Bifhop of Northern Queecsland replied that: "any competent artisans could earn 16s. per day iu his diocese." . Mr.T: Joseph Fclchor,..'a- inembor, of the Wimmora Shire Council (y.)/v was recently fined Is. and three guineas costs; at the Horsham policb,:court:for persisting in speaking at a meeting of the council after being ruled out of ordor;by the;president".- c . ^ An open air meeting was convened in Mel bourne for the 23rdNovcmber "to consider the present' unsatisfactory condition of the labour* ing classes.*' After waiting for some time four malcontents attended, and the convener do* clared the meeting adjourned. In his.clection address, Mr. M'Slhone has the- following..characteristic -and' picturesque paragraph: —" Thank God Ihcro is no lidpo of cscapo from responsibility by means of religious cries and howls, and organisations, and ghosts, and silly devilry of that kind." • Captain It. Ci Coveney,; of the Black .Watch Regiment of Boyal Highlanders, who is men tioned in tho list of the wounded in tho Egyp tian war, is a native of Sydney, and belongs to a well-known family in that city. Captain Coycney s erved with distinction in the Asliantco .war." -'iw A who'esale chemist in Sydney received a paper by the lost mail, addressed " Sydney, Jjiji Islands." Was it the writer of that letter who told'one of the recently-arrived Wealevan Ministers as ho was leaving homo, that ho would find it very difficult to learn our language ? • s. '■ '• V V j \\.? \ ■ In Sydney a few days back a brutal fellow took Hp a boy of II years, who had enraged him, by the legs, and dashed his head against the kerb. The fellow was immediately mobbed, and would have been lynched Imd not tho police kindly interfered. .They arrested him, bubtook do;names, of- witnesses, and the injured boy could not afterwards be found. Mrr Ernest "Morrison, -the writer -of tho articles now appearing in the Leader, under the heading " A Cruise in a Queensland Slaver," is evidently a gentleman fond of ad venture. - On one occasion he distinguished himself by walking from Adelaide to GeeloDg, and on another by going down the Murray 1,500 miles alone in a Bob Boy canoe. Queensland is hot the only colony in which the appointment of Sir J. Pope Hennessy aa governor would be ; unpopular. In South Australia; when, it beciuho' known ,'tliat Sir William Jervois had accepted the position of Governor of Now Zoalaiid, ?' Great anxiety was oxpresscd .as ;wclT*asfear .lest Sir Popo Hen ncssy should beapppintod his successor." The Hamilton'Spectator (Y) writes:—"A hawk's nest was recently brought to.the ground by feUinglthetrco in: which it had been built, on the Hon. T. Bromcll's estate, Hensley Pork. On examination tliero woro found in it two young hawks, and a large collection of bones, showing the youngsters had been well provided for by the parent birds. There were bones of hares, a skeleton of a lamb, and the carcase of a full-grown, medium-sized sheep, on which operations had but recently been commenced.' ^ At ah election meeting last week, Sir Henry Parkcs said that Mr. Stuart, leader of tho Op position, who all one Frttay waited for tho Governor's message, reminded him of.thc well known lines of the poet Moore:— Ono morn a Peri at tho gate ' ; Of Eden sat disconsolate; He wept to think ho could not win An opening where he could slip in. Sir W. Malcolm, of Gawlcr, (S.A.), believes that tlio export of ostrich feathers from that colony will, within a year, reach £500,000. He has chartered a vessel to bring 100 ostriches from the Cape. At tho "VValcannia (N.8.W.) Quarter Sessions John Dickenson was sentenced to seven years' for shooting at .'a Mrs. CarscwcH' in a fit of jealousy. Technical Education.—We have received from Mr. D. Eglinton, the secretary of tho School of Arts, a "short statement," in pamphlet form, which contains a " statement" on the best means of establishing a technical college in connection with tlio School of Arts. The statement refers to the means afforded in every city of importance in Europe, America, and the other Australasian colonics for the in dustrial classes to obtain instruction in dif ferent branches of knowledge rcquirod in their daily work, and' through which tho greatest success individually or as a community is at tained, and which, it is avcrrcd.with truth, aro almost entirely wanting in tlic Queensland metropolis. The statement says: "Tlintsuch means arc required and would be availed of lias been proved by the success of the few clusecs now carried on at the School of Arts." The pamphlet, indeed, makes out a very strong case in favour of technical schools. Tho proposed technical school in connection witli the bebool of Arts is intended to. provide Instruction in drawing (frcolmnd dud/mechanical) / mbdolling, mathematics (arithmetic, mensuration, and geometry), applied mechanics, physics, history, French and German languages, and book-keep ing; and the fees will bo kept as low us possible. The classes will bo conducted ut night to suit the convenience of those engaged in daily labour or business. Several of the classed are alrrndy in operation. 