THE LOUNGER. Tlio difatioguuihcd ntrangor in a boto noir o Mr Bont. Tlio liou. gentleman will hav none of li im. Ho very possibly considers that tho distinguished ntrangor Itnn no -roa| oxisienco, and that when he presents liimnnif ho i» simply a nhadow nnd hallucination, It. woro chavitablo at any rato to think that some sunk thought animates tho Cotum;fl. fiionor, cIhq ono could not discover any ox" cuuu for tho blunt rudnuoss and diHcourtimv witli which lio treats tho disliuguiBhod ntrangor. For instaneo, I do not uollovn that Air Bout has any faith in tho fact. of tlio llev Mr Grcon'tt existence. 1 do not consider that the linn. ' gontlomnn bolioves in .that Rontlomnn'fl nsconb of Mount Cook jT say ho, bocaurto I cannot boliyy0\ that Air IWmt could havo beon ho discourteous an to rofttKO to oxtond tho privilege of a frco pnen to n gontlomnn who is a visitor to this colony, and whoso reports concerning it j,. Knglnnd could not but nffoct uh vovy bon0. licially. No.sir, Mr Bont is not to bo ''gotat" Ho knowp, truHb mo, that tliove in no BUC"jt being a tho distinguished stranger. And ovon if thoro were, Air Bent, an a coiiHciontiiMM diKponsor of cnmuioroiul principles, would l«jiha|M$bo littlo dispotmd.lo admit his claim to n distinguished position. I can fancy tho honorable Tom reflecting, "Dash my buttoiiHl Call n man distinguished becauHO lio han climbed up a niuuntniu! What next? Wo shall havo tho Nigger Minn! rob'. claiming rights an distln. pnishon Htrangere, or the In.Jia rubber man or ho .standard bcarere of u dramatic troupo No, I am not tho man to ' yield 10 ouch propnstoroua claims." My «yjn, pal bios arc with tho Iionorablo goutloman Thero aro practical and conHcicmlious timo. It h not just to mako iish of ono and fowl of another, cvou though tho protest For creatine tho distinction bo advanced undor tlio plea that ono or tbo other is a "distinguished fclrangor, ' Tfitlm true that Homo eleven oinplnyos of tho Omnibus Company havo boon dismituod be enure fboy mot together to connidor tho advis ability of petitioning for an increase of wages then, to my mind, thoy havo beon very cruelly 11 eatrd. Of eourso, in ono houso, tho. company c?i\ do us as thoy phusu in relation to tho cm- plnyment or duunissal of their servants. On tho othor hand,. if thoir action partaka -of a tyrannical w unjust character it is open to coinioont nnd eritiewm. Ami ho fnrnsl can , &iiO;, Uii.s particular care is ono which culls fur u-uiM-k. it in hard indeed that mon should suffer beeaure they meal togothor to discuss a matter touching upon their poritinn. Tliero was nothing surely in this action of tlio drivers which partook of tho nature of a .strike iiothin:; which could bo interpreted as indicating a rebellious or antagonistic spirit. Tho luoiihad not in any way violated thoir obligations to tho company by meeting to. gelhcr to talk over their condition, and suggest n moans Tor its alleviation. Why then should they'suiror ? Tyranny of tho kind which ocnum to hnvo boon exercised iu this caho in repugnant to 11 society such an ours, which jealously guards its rights and liberties in tho direction of .freedom of speech nnd action, Howovor. wo huvo ns yet only hoard ono xirle of tho plory. As tho quarrel stands, my sympathies aro with driver?. Mr B. f. Davie. the Inspector of railway refreshment room?, is ou the wur path. Tho other day lie arrived nt Hamilton, nnd in- Hnntly proceeded to examine thu temperance beverages. As an authority upon these mild but rcfrco'uing drinks Mr DaviiVti eoueluaiumi as to their quality are interesting, Ho is decidedly of opinion that tiio teinpcranco liquors at tho Hamilton station aro not up to the Jimrk, < Thu gingende lacks jauigencv, tho sodawator has a flavor of flat iron-?, and tisforthc lemonade— woll, "it needs tliu label. Such I imagine to be tho verdict of tlio Inspec tor of our railway refrHunont rooms. On the other hand, it is soothing to hear (hat Mr XhivitH, after due examination of tho spirits, idop, and winon, in enabled to proununco Ihmn toUu<da livst'i'ttto character. Mr Davlos jms ovidontly entered upon Ida dulioiina eon?eicntioUR Hpirit. Uo may indood bo as buiued to conduct his work in a spirit' of on eiulnisiasm, nud hiaollieeis ono which needs in Idm who fills it a thorough senso ot its obligations. It is a matter of conridorablo mcmumt to l-lio public that tho rofreslunoiibn provided nt tho various btafcions should bo of he first ekt.is cliaraetcr which is duo for tlio fiist class prices thatnro charged, I consider fhat afr D.ivicj is a public HOrvAUloftho highei.t valuo to tiio community. It is pretty ovident that a awooping refarin is impcrntivo in tho government of tho Mel bourne Ho3pHal. Not only has it bectt rfhown that, what with erysipelas andcugnato torrow, tho chance? of euro in cases of wounds aro rcnnly, but it is also stated authoritatively Hint, our hospital trontmcut rccruiU tiie ranks of dmnlcnrds. Mr Uillboo, than whom thoro could not be u moro reliable witness, distmc'.iy fctatea that tbo syatem of sustaining patients by the achniniHtration of alcoliolic sLiumhmtH rentfy forth from the hospital many, wlio liavo entered hobcr'and toinporatu, but ilepait c«m finned dnrakarth. . This is simply uwful. Bad enough surely to diu from pytemia or somo such contagion; but tho reflection that tho weak ami debilitated aro saved from death only by means that implant within them a passion which brings thorn to degradation and misery 111 appalling. Wo havo it on record that tho prevalcuca of intoxication among women of tho upper clnanoB 111 Bughuid — and I have heard that it ia so hero, likewise— i« attributable to tho practice among physicians of proscribing the use of stimulant. Now, looking at tho mal trr fairly, thero is no di.ca?a so disastrous ns (kuahonncsn, Small-nox, cliolora, fever and fetich hbe epidemics lull tlio body. Bul drttukcn new destroys body and miud ; degrades aud brutathtiiH ; brings sorrow and humiliation, not incielytoitaelave, but to all connected with him or her. If, thcroforo, th»3 Byi-tem of treatment in tho hospital is provocative of a vieo whicll lends to all others, aud iu its dominating in IhitncQ is superior to all otliere, at .all rislM- even (bough thoy may affect tho euro of patients— it tliould bo dwcontinucd. Happily (novo U ovidcnco from an oxperienccd suiirco that tho tire of alcoholic atunulantri is not generally -necessary, aud that for nvorago jeacea such nourishment as brotli, beof-ten and milk, U quito Bulljeicnt. At any rate tho uso of brandy— eavo in extremo casns of ex hanstifui- dyes not seem to be requisite; and .as its adminifitralion is, on tho othor hand, at tended with great moral danger, it would bn ' better to abolish it, Wo have, (Jnd know/. ! temptations enough to tlio vico of intoxication iwithout adding to thorn through the medium of the medical treatment in our hospitals. j Tho othor day tho Rov. S. Macfnrhmo, missionary of twenty-four years' experience in New Guiuon, gave us somo interesting informs lion concorning tho progress of ovangelical , iwork among tho interosting heathen of that Ynst inland.- Among other items tho reverend hentlomaii said that tho nativos woro canni bals, Ho proceeded to givo somo cheerful illustration of their tastes in the direction of man eating., Ho. said that.it was cub . (tcmary for tbo natives- ' to break tlio logs- and. amis of thoir captives nnd kcop them for their feasts. A pnrfcy of fifty men who had escaped from New Chile dmiia h&d; londod upon uno of tho islands in the vicinity of Now Guinea. Tho savages-had a raro time with those succulent Frenchmen, who wore killed off at the rate of eight per day to nervo for thoir banquets. Fancy tho state jof inind of tlioso who awaited tlioir turn— : penned liko cuttle, nnd spectators of their com- rodos' fato I Conceive how: oacli poor follow'o heart would bent as tho chef came around and pinched nnd felt the bodies of tho captives in order, to ascertain w)io wore best fitted fur -tho spit or ovon, I romcinbor reading of an iCntoitainmont enjoyed by some Yorhiosftn natives who had boon lucky onougli to secure a cargo of Ohinamon,whom in turn tlmy cooked in tho inoufe lCpicurcnu fashion. A circular tiro was built, nnd two Chinamen woro bound back to back, nnd placed in tho centre of tho circle. Amusement was nlfordod to tho gourmets by 'tho ludicrous efforts of oacli celestial to escape ; the intolerable ' beat. Tho two unhappy wretches rolled over and ovor, onch pushing tthootbor townrd8tho (iro which "faced them, until at last, thus.slowly cooked to a turtqlhoy gave up tho ghost ond woro diabod for tho banquet. This process after all has its ;parnllol in Huropo. InAlsncbl boliovo thoy .cnlai-ge'tho livers of goeso.by subjecting tho , wretched birds to a torriblo boat, and so indues . thorn to drink groat quantities of water which ,has the effect of producing the livers which ; constitute the pvinoipal oloment of pato de foiogray. It is the mere diiforonco, after a", of geese nnd Chinamen, and wo should not bo ' ; too hard upon those children of nature who iindulgo in luxuries which in flomo sort aro akin to thoso ailccted by nu onlightcnod civilisation, 