N.Z. 8POST. (Prom our Danedin Correipon- Hant.) Dukedxh, 4th August. The annual meeting of the members of the Danedin Jockey Club was held on the 26th nit. in the Boral Exchange Hotel, which establishment, by the way, has oome to be the generally recognised rendezvous of sport ing men in this oity, now that the old Empire has been pulled down. The report showed that the first instalment towards tbe pnrohaee of Forbury Park, amoiroting with interest to £2030, bad beoo met, the balance (£28,000) not being payable uotil the year 1901. This balance bears interest at tbe rate of 4 per cent, which is equivalent to an annual rental of £1120. The committee reoom- mnded that a substantial row of booths be erected, with seats oa the top, whiih would ooosiitutc a eeoond-claas stand, auch as will meet the wants of thone who are unable to afford the entrance fee to the grand stand ; and also that substantial improvements be made on tbe training course, so that horses can be worked in safety on it all through tho year. The balance-abost showa that the club commenoed tbe year with a credit of £269, and after paying the amount of pur chase-money above stated, and expending £1647 odd on various improvements to their property, close with a credit of £343 odd. The principal assets were: Revenue from the totalis&tors; clear of expends, £2519 lis. lOd. ; privileges, £2699 7a 4d. ; nominations, etc., £1912 8s. On the strength of tbe highly satisfactory report and the cheerful prospects of tbo dub, the substantial amount of £1500 was placed at the disposal of the programme committee, with instructions to spend it in increasing the stakes at the Spring and Autumn raciog meetings. The wiuter programme was enriched only last season ; that, of course, is tbe reason why it did not obtain & share of the £1500. The programme committee met on the following Monday, and decided to increase the stakes all round, and establish several new events. All the races except the Duuedin Cup and the Champagne Stakes get a portion of the endowment ; and the programmes as drawn up proride for the disbursement of £1025 at the two days' Spriug meeting, and £2935 at the three day?' Autumn meeting. It should be mentioned that, notwithstanding the increased value of the stakes, the nomination fees, etc., will remain at the old figures. This is an impor tant matter to owners. Some of the unap peasable grumblers, who arc everywhere to be met will), complain that it- was not good policy to neglect the Cup, which they say should have bad a hundred or two of the spoil, if only for the sake of " topping" the C.J.C. Handicap and Napier Handicap ; but these malcontents a.e few , the general feeling being one of satisfaction at tbe allotment made by Messrs. Dowse, Taggart, and the other members of the committee, who deserve credit for refraining from making " a big splash" iu one or two events for the sake of snow, and of dwarfing their neighbouring clubs' prizes. In my last let ter 1 mentioned that the Canterbury Club had increased their stakes for the metropolitan meeting, and had established a Summer meeting. Putting the new programme for tbe CJ.C.'e big meeting alongside the revised programme for the D.J.C e chief fixture, it is seen that the Otago dub give more in stakes by £150 ; and there is £10 difference in favour of the eame club ae between the minor programmes. On the autumn fixtures, however, the C.J.C. have at present a decided advantage ; perhaps this will be made up by the D.J.C. ere long. The retiring office-bearers of the D.J.C. were all re elected, with tbe exception of Mr. J . Stopben- son, who retired from the judgeship, aod was succeeded by Mr. H. Driver, M.H.R. This afternoon a rumour was afloat that Mr. Fraeer, of Cbristchurch, is going to sell all his racing stud shortly, probably after the Canterburv meeting, but I am not in a posi tion, ae yet, to say how much truth there is in it. A Plumpton is shortly to be constructed on tbe Oamaru racecourse. It should prove a remunerative speculation to the promoters. It would not surprise me to hear some day that a similar enterprise was about to be undertaken in Dunedm. The centre of the Forbury Park would make a splendid site, and such a thing as a Plumpton is sorely needed for all tbe South Otago clubs, who are often in a fix as to getting suitable ground on which to operate. Tbe acceptances for Lhe C.J.C. Handicap were declared on Tuesday uigbt of this week. They number 40, so the absentees amount (o 30\. Very few, if any, of those struck out had been backed to any extent, tlie malcontents being mostly borscs that were either slightly orer-weigbted or under a cloud from some cause or otber. Prior to tbe paying of the acceptance fee Betrayer was nominally first favourite, at about 100 to 20, and Natator bad been backed for a few hundreds at 100 to 12 ; but on tbe night of acceptance several other animals were introduced into the market, and were so firmly supported that the favourites sensibly declined in favour. There was not a great deal of business done, but wLb! was transacted bufliciently defined tlie odds. A commission was abroad to back an unrevealed horse at 2000 to 200, but the " books " fought sby of tbe backer, sod, as be could not be accommodated, tii« name of tbe horee was not mentioned. The closing prices were j— Betrayer, 100 to 16 ; Salragc, 100 to 12 ; Natator, Lady Emma, and Gor ton, each 100 to 10 ; Tasman and Sir George, 100 to 8 $ Sir Modred, Emir Bey, Slander filly (lately christened Hippodamia), Hilda, Bundoora, Nonsense, Siesta, each 100 to 6 ; Grip, Mala, King Quail, each 100 to 5 ; Envy filly, La - Mode, Holdernees, Vanguard, Matanaka, The Poet, Welcome Jock, Tur quoise, Dan, Te At-a, Trinket, Taioros, each 100 to 4; Tbe Dauphin, Libeller, Cathedral, Hornby, Legerdemain, Toi-toi filly, Minerva, Bayard, The Jilt, each 100 to 3 j On Ditand Blue Jacket, 100 to 2. For the Derby Cheviot baa been hacked at 3 to 1, and 5 to 2 is now offered on the field.- Next |o Cheviot 'the most fancied ara Nonsense, Siesta, and Vanguard, and sometimes Iris is taken in doubles. Enquiries are frequently made for Hatafor the Canterbury Cup, on which event the field is backed at 4 to 1. The horse that seems to be ooming into favour for the G.J.O. Handieap is Tasman, a good, honest little animal, And a1 -proved stayer, bat, according to jny figures, slightly overweighted. It will be soen from the above that four of the five horses entered by the Hon. W. Robinson for the Melbourne Cup are well up in the market for the New Zealand events. The stable don't let the public into their confidence to a very great extent, and even those who might be sup posed to know arc apparently as yet quite in the dark as to what horses, if any, of the team will visit Australia. Since the date of our correspondent's letter those horses have been ecratched by telegram. Ed. <S.j Tbe gentleman who races under the name of "Mr. Horeford" has leased his racing stock for the forthcoming season, all the bo6t ones, including Nonsense and Siesta, going into the hands of Messrs. Mason and vallance, who have, for the present, aban doned the Idea of leaving New Zealand for Australia. The retirement from the turf of such a straightforward, popular owner ae " Mr. Horeford " is much to be regretted, as we can ill spare one from the ranks of our honest sportsmen. But he has for some time past meditated on taking eucba stop, and the announcement waa hardly a surprise. It is a good thing for the public that Siesta and Nonsense have fallen into good hands, for they were largely held in doubles on the C.J.C. meeting. A few words as to the horses entered for the great weight-for-age race of the season, , the Canterbury Cup, may not be out of place. Emir Bey is a four-year-old, son of Tubal Cain and Ace of Hearts. He soared a win in the first race for which he started, viz., the Maiden Plato, at the Dunedin an nual meeting, and followed this up by winning the Eoater Handicap (6st. 91b.), doing the mile on a fearfully heavy oourse in lmin. SOsec. Betrayer was the best three- year-old of the 1879-80 season, lii6 victories being in the Canterbury Cup (w.f.a.,2 miles, 4uiin. 7sec.) ; "Wanganui Cup (7st. 10lb., 2| miles, 4inin. 13jeec.J j aad Timaru Cup (7st. 81b., if miles, 3min.l4eec.) Besides this he ran second to Grip in the Danedin fir. Leger. Since that season he has done nothing worth mentioning, having, for most of the time, been taking a spell. There ia little doubt that he is " meant" for the ensning meeting, and also little doubt that he will, bar acci dent, run very forward for whatever he is sent; indeed, there are many things more unlikely than that he will, in November next, repeat Le Loup e and Grip's trick of appropriating the triple event — Handicap, Chip, and Plate. Bayard is a three-yoar-old Australian bred colt, by Tubal Gain — Royal Heart. He only raced once, when Siesta five him 101b. and a decisive thrashing. ornby is Betrayer's old antagonist, mid was a rattling good one too, as his Derby victory 'shows ; hut ho boa tender feet, and, being a great trouble to train, was eventually sent to the stud. I don't think he will carry much public money. Lady Emma's per formances are well known to yon, so there ie no need to-say anything about this daughter of Ysttendon further than to question if she has done enongb to warrant ber being pitted against tbe cracks at weight for age. Legerdemain onoe ran a good race, getting second to Tasman in the HandeviJle Plate ; but during tbe most of the season she ran unsuccessfully in handicaps, with light weights op. It is difficult to understand bow eho can have tbe ghost of a cbauce iu such a race as tbe Cap. Nonsense is a first- rater, and has an unbeaten certificate. Siesta is also a clipper, as her performances in the Welcome Stakes, Tramway Plate (in which she beat beat the erstwhile sprint champion Billingsgate at weight for age, and Autumn Nursery Handicap conclusively prove. Turquoise is as yet a maiden, but he beat some good cattle in tbe D.J.C. Cham pagne, and is a promising colt. Tbe Curate failed to earn bis oats at tho C.J.C. Autumn Meeting, but managed to beat some inferior goodn at Ellesmere, a small country meeting. Sir Modred is one of the likely ones. With a Derby, Dunedin Cup, and Timaru Cup to his credit he is, presumesbly, one of tbo best horses in the country, though, perhaps, not improved by his Australian tour. The Po< t ie altogether out of his place in such a raoe ae this ; he ie only a handicap horse, and not first, or even second, class at that if his per formances are to be relied on. Welcome Jack is by Traducer — Miss Flat; he has hitherto done nothing to speak of. Mats you know as well, or better, than we do. Fit and well he will ran a big horse, and, for the sake of his owners, I hope such will be the case. Tsieroa has not yet been pro perly tried ; be wae shin -sore at the D.J.C. Meeting, where ho made bis only appearance. He is full brother to Einir Bey, and is, cer tainly, one of the handsomest colts in the country. Grip is, of course, iaet year's winner. Natator is a horse of whom great things are always expected, but since hia Derby win he has not justified bis backers confidence, li he is the chosen one of tbe stable he will be one of the most likely horses in the raoe. Salvage has one race — the Antumn Handi cap — to his credit. He is a good one, although hardly up to weight for age, so far as we know him. Vanguard I have a high opinion of. So far he has been unluckily bluffed off a big win by Mr. Horaford's fillips ; but ho may, perhaps before long, have bis revenge. Iris has only raced once, and then, although running a smart youngster, was f-ignallv beaten by Nonsense. Laos, Leonato, the Toi-toi filly, Gorton, Matauaka, Murat, Minerva, and Cheviot, tbe other candidates for lhe Cup, have never raced. So far tbe best on paper are : — Mata, Betrayer, Natator, Nonsense, and Siesta. The Wanganui Jockey Club have come out of the year's transactions with a loss of £150 odd, and their debit balance at the bank is now £700- It is proposed to reduce the value of the stakes, and have the Cup ran on tho first, instead of the second day of the meeting. At the annual meeting a number of members were anxious to do away with : the handicapper, and in hiB stead appoint a committee of three ; but Mr. Hatdy was retained in hia office by a majority of ten. This notion of having the hondioapping done by a committee ie spreading all over the colony, and unless soma heaven-born genius : is unearthed, who can so satisfy everybody as to get the appointment of general han dicapper to all the prinoipal clubs, it would be well to still go on with the committees, who are everywhere giving satisfaction. The tixth Waterloo Cup meeting was run off in the neighbourhood of Timaru in less than three days. Bonnie Scotland, the winner, is by the imported dog Totara from Dione, by Wellington— Venna, and divided the Plate last season with Lancashire Lass. She was bred by Mr. Boyd Thomson at the Tetnuba kennels and was trained by that gentleman for this meeting. One friend of the stable netted a capita! stake by her vic tory. He had the bitch backed for £1100 at 100 to 5, but had, of oourse, Bome of it laid off before tbe finish. The coursing season, so far as Otago is , concerned, was brought to a close by the President's Cup meeiiug ou the 27th ult. (The stake was won by Mr. J. M'Donald'a Magnolia.) But in Canterbury, hares are declared a nuisance, and our friends north of the Waitaki, being allowed to oourse where- ever they like, are still prosecuting the sport. The Canterbury C.C. Cup is fixed for the 9th. 