SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. TURF NOTES. There was a large assemblage of spectators at the Flemington scraping sheds at an early hour yesterday morning, but beyond having an exceptionally fine view of the comet, they gained nothing by their early rising, fine weather was fine, with a pleasant freshness in the air, Uli about 11 o'clock, when a cold strong south-west wind set in, which soon cleared the ground. Trevallyn was the first horse on the ground He went a useful survey on the turn. Lord Burleigh und Vulture went twice round the Band track, the second time at a good striding gallop. Angle sea, followed at a long interval by Adventurer did steady work on the sandy track Commotion and Don Quixote went a couple of rounds on the tan, and then changing to the sand track rattled along to the far sheds at a good pace Master Avenel went twice round the tan track Prometheus went by himself for a steady couple of rounds on the tan, Allander and Glenorvan had a low canter on the rim, and then spurted borne for half a mile. The Drummer and Sardonyx went a couple of times round the sand Hack, doing a good gallop, and moving very freely. Saionara, Cunnamulla, and Stockdale did a strong gallop once round the sand track. Cunnamulla, who was ridden by Yeomans, coming home well with the lighter weighted companions. Savanaka and the ADrian cantered twice round the tan and then finished with a smart spurt for half a mile on the Band track Bandmaster, Vaucluse. and I'm steer worked on the sand track, going home the last half mile fast Bandmaster finished remarkably strong Gipsy Cooper cantered once round the tan and was then joined by Major, the pair doing a second round at a stronger pace Darebin did about a couple of miles on the Band track, striding over the ground with ease, and making excellent time Bagot and Stockwell, after a short canter on the Band track, were sent away at top speed. They did one round in the foEltHt time that has been made this season. Bagot showed a rare turn of speed, and led his companion all the way, but it was evident that Stockdale was catching him fast at the finish. Blue and White, Middle march, and Aberfoyle worked on the Band track, and finished with a smart spurt of half a mile. Segenhoe, Gostwyck, and Hecla started on the run for a steady canter. After going once round Segenhoe and Gostwyck went on for a second round at a good working gallop. Hecla finished the round Steadily by herself. Fryingpan did a couple of rounds on the tan at a steady pace. He was very fresh and eager to go. Warwick, Turquoise, and another cantered and spurted. Prattle and Attache did a good working gallop on the sand track. Wizard was sent a couple of rounds on the sand track at a strong pace all the way Ironmaster and Nautilus had a turn round (the sand track at a strong pace, in which the former had it all his own way at the finish Larpent worked on the tan and seemed much dissatisfied at not being permitted to make the pace a fast one Mr W. E Dakin's team vi pre down after break- fast. There is very little change in the betting on the Caulfield Cup. Darebin, Assyrian, and Verdure remain at quoted rates. Dougalston has been hacked to a fair extent at 100 to 4 For the V R C Derby all the money in the market has been taken at 2 to 1 about Navigator, and his price is now 7 to 1 This advance is in consequence of a remarkably good gallop said to have been done on Saturday Segenhoe is at J to 1 offered. Frying pan is at 100 to 10 and Guesswork at 100 to h. For the Maribyrnong Plate, Middlemarch has advanced to 100 to 8, Aberfoyle has been taken at 100 to 5. After his gallop in the morning, Stockwell was in Borne demand for the Melbourne Cup He was taken to a fair amount at thousands to 5, The following scratching? have been posted - Coalfield Cup Timon, Drummer, Vaucluse, Guesswork, Sinking Fund. Steeple- chase Comets. Owners of racehorses are reminded that the general entries for the VRC. Spring Meeting will close to morrow afternoon at 1 o'clock. The list is a long one, and in it there is the chance of any horse worth keeping on the turf earning his oats. The events are -First Day-Melbourne Stakes, Hotham Handicap, Essendon Stakes, and Coburg Stakes. Second Day Maiden Plate, Railway) Stakes, Kensington Stakes, Darling Stakes, and Yan Yean Stakes. Third Day Hurdle Race, Royal park Stakes, Flying Stakes, Spring Handicap, and Veteran Stakes. Fourth Day Flemington Stakes, VRC Handicap, Steeplechase, Canterbury Stakes, and Free Handicap The following weights were issued yesterday for the V.A.T.C. meeting on Saturday - NUMERY HANDICAP. St Lawrence 2 Duenna I) has a Quality La] lander a North rnLght 1 Ineson Iko Wahgunyah had g of the Forest Tristan 7 12 7 12 7 12 Honora Baa Baa - Lyons Lady Merry Fenella Goldflneler Miss Glorious Chloris The Beadle CallerOn " Ploughboy Plaudit Amelia Victoria Miles Mildura s Dhurringile Rbcsua _ Sportsman Olenorvan lied Peter.. Mulatto Erca P9 Basilisk Marti all Monitor Coquette DUcount u 11 12 11 12 11 9 Annie Laurie Merry Maid Lord of Clyde Sonaeter British Lion Don Alonzo Gambler Blue Bell Tell Tale _ Fusilier Flambeau Tamworth Larpent Sir Joseph Aspen Master Avenel 9.3 Baron von Mueller 8 11 Trtiolljn 8 9 Verdure 8 8 Gudarz 8 6 Tim W Hillier (Dis patch) 2 3 4 The Ghost 8 " He dee of the Hills S 1 Oaks 8.0 Prometheus 8.0 Footstep " 12 Kanaka 7 11 Stockdale 7.10 Beadsman 7.10 Etaonara Hebrew Squireen Quicksilver Balthazar Kings Head Robert the Devil Her Maj -sty Mullan Norfolk Bordorman Lord of 1) do Omtlctto Ga rider A Fullarton Itooftreo Doctor LapStone u 