BRITISH & FOREIGN. ARRIVAL OF THE MAIL. OUR HOME LETTER. I From our Soecial Correspondent. I London, February 24. 'This week there has been another dramatic ^change of scene. When all fears of a dissolu tion had died away and Ministerialists were making sure of an easy victory over the first of the new rules a thunderbolt was thrown -into their midst by their chief, which farinas a general election again within measurable distance. On Friday night the Lords had a discussion on the Irish Land Act, initiated by one of the representative Irish landlords, the Earl of Donoughmore. It was moved, and carried by a majority of 43 Peeis, that a Select Committee be appointed to enquire into the working of the Act. The majority included twelve Liberal Peers, among whom young Lord Stanley of Alderley was notice •able, also young Earl Clarendon and the dis tinguished American sportsman, Lord Dun > raven. A considerable number of Liberalj Peers paired, and one of them, the > Earl of Essex, paired against the Government. .Among the abstentions were > the Earl of •Derby, the Earl of Fitzwilliam, and the .Earl of Zetland, who > recently supported the 'Conservative candidate in the North Riding. The Duke > of Argyll was not in town, or there -can be little doubt that his august > vote would have swelled the majority. I can believe that this impressive > victory caused some un -easiness to the leaders of the Opposition as well as to the defeated heads of tne Govern •mient. It was open to the criticism of being ."somewhat premature, and of involving con flict with the Ministers. But there was little ■•Suspicion of how hotly and promptly the Prime Minister would retaliate. On Monday might he came down to the House of Commons with a motion which gave their Lordships the ; straightest possible retort and quite took •■away the breath of peace-loving members. ■ MB. GLADSTONE SNUBS THE HOUSE OF LORDS. It was to the effect that " a Parliamentary -enquiry into I the worldng of the Irish Land Act tends to defeat the operation of that Act, and must be injurious to the interests of good government in Ireland." Mr. Gladstone asked the House to make his motion the first Government business on Monday next. An awkward efi'cct of this is that the debate on the new rules of procedure will have to be helved for an indefinite time before it is well ~tarted. Monday and Thursday being the only Government nights, there has been only .two nights' discussion on the rules this week. The Government are limited to the same nights for their motion on the Land Act -Committee, unless they ask private members at this early period of the session to give up ..some of their fast-diminishing rights. The •interpellation cannot, therefore, I should think, be disposed of next week, the issues dependent on it being too grave, con stitutionally and practically, to be lightly decided. Mr. Gladstone was seen .at once to have stultified himself in his argument for urgency with the new rules, .and tbe more headstrong of Sir Stafford Northcote's young men were eager to divide -at once on the postponement of the Orders of the Day as a protest against the unusual action of the Government. Sir Stafford Northcote advised them, however, to confine themselves to a verbal protest, and that duty they performed with a will. Even that •sagacious old Nestor of the squirearchy, Sir William Bartlett, ■ observed tartly that if the House of Commons was to be gagged and the other House was to be threatened by the Prime Minister it was high time the Prime Minister sbould declare his further inten tions. Mr. Chaplin warmly deprecated interfering with tne proceedings of the other House, of which they were supposed to have no cognizance. Sir Stafford Northcote did not entertain his excited followers with any of the trenchant irony which his predecessor would have liaa at band for such an occasion; but in his homely way he rallied the Premier on the bad example he was setting to much-com plained-of disturbers of the peace and order of the House. If no Government had ever professed greater anxiety for a reform of the rules of procedure, none had ever been so irregular in its arrangement of its own busi ness. Speaking seriously, he declared that it would be very inconvenient to begin a discus sion on the new rules, and break it off after the second uight. Lord Hartington answered with spirit the gentle sarcasms of the leader •of the Opposition; seeing that they had had iiol business as yet but the debate on the address, he did not see how the Government could be fairly charged with mismanaging it. He was reminded by mocking voices of tbe Bradlaugh incident, which, by-tlie way, has advanced another stage this week; but the interpellation only pro voked a laugh. The real justification of •the motion was put in a word or two by His Lordship when he said that the peace -and order of Ireland were at the present moment of still greater urgency than the reform of the House of Commons. Sir Richard •Gross and Mr. W. H. Smith supported the protest of their chief, but, as Sir Stafford .advised, the motion to postpone tbe Orders of the Day was not pressed. It is announced, however, that a kindred motion when put, as it must be, from the Chair next Monday, will be resisted. The young lions of the Fourth Party chafe at the toleration of their natural leaders, and any night they might resume the independent action by which they won their ;fame last session. Ihey have so far been very docile this year, but as the temperature •of the House rises symptoms of restiveness •on their part begin to show themselves again. •Sir Stafford's own disposition would certainly bave been to face the motion at once and •contest it to the bitter end. THE BRADLAUGH BURLESQUE. • Mr. Bradlaugh has made himself the man •of the hour again, and this time his bound less presumption nas carried him beyond the limit of the most advanced sympathies. He bad it in his power after his last rejection by the House of Commons to apply for the •Chiltem Hundreds and appeal again to his ■constituents. The more moderate of his ■advisers favoured that course, and Mr. •Gladstone was sounded respecting it. He did not give an encouraging reply, and Mr. Labouchere thought tbat he was constrained to take bolder measures. On Tuesday night he moved that tbe Speaker should issue his writ to tbe Clerk of tbe Crown for the ■election of a member " in place of Charles Bradlaugh, Esq., who by three resolutions of the House had been prevented from taking the oath prescribed by law." He grounded his argument on precedents dating from the ■end of the sixteenth century, and abounding particularly in that lively assembly, the Long Parliament. Lord Ran dolph did not object to the motion itself, hut he_ thought it would be more correct ex planation of the cause which rendered a new writ necessary, if after the word " who" were inserted words " is disqualified by law from taking his seat in this House. An Amusing oversight was committed by Mr. Labouchere when his motion was pat m the usual formThat the words proposed to be left out stand part of the question." He did not divide the House, ana the Speaker said the " Noes" had it. This left the motion in an abrupt state of termination at the word, when Lord Randolph Churchill played a neat trick by withdrawing his amendment to sub stitute new words, and the motion, as finally read out by the Speaker amid much laughter, was to the effect " that the Speaker do issue his warrant, &c.;, for the election of a member for Northampton tin place of Charles Brad laugh, Esq." In the division it was rejected by 307 voteB to 18. A MOCK OATH. Immediately after the division Mr. Brad laugh, who had been lurking at hand, passed up the gangway to the table. The Speaker had just left the chair, and was standing be hind it. Before he could reach the table Bradlaugh was there and had pulled a bit of paper out of his breast pocket. He read from it rapidly a form of words, which the members standing near him recognized as the Parliamentary oath. Having finished he dived into his breast pocket again and pro duced a small Testament—one of the penny editions which are sold about the streets by colporteurs. ThiB he kissed, and then signed the paper. Before the enraged Speaker could ask nim to withdraw, he said, " I have taken the oath required by law." On being ordered to withdraw, he said, " I obey your direc tions, and shall withdraw below the bar. but I have taken the oath and shall take my seat." He went down gast the bar; but instead of returning to is corner under the gallery, he went up to a back seat, and seated himself near a group of members. The Speaker asked him to go below the bar and remain there. Bradlaugh said he would obey the Chair, but having taken his seat once he claimed the right to take it again. Lord Randolph's quick eye saw at once the faux pas which Bradlaugh had made, and struck at it by moving " th;t a writ be issued for the election of a member for Northampton in place of Charles Bradlaugh, Esq., who since his election has taken his seat in the House without having taken the oath prescribed bylaw." The Attorney General deprecated hasty action, and sug gested a doubt if there had been a violation of the statute committed. The terms of the Act of 1866, on which Lord Randolph's motion was founded are—" That if any mem ber votes as such in the House, or even sits during any debate after the Speaker has been chosen, he shall be subject to a penalty of £500, and his seat shall be vacated." WHAT SHALL WE DO WITH HIM ? It was evident that the Attorney-General himself was in a maze, and that the Prime Minister did not feel much confidence in his guidance. Before he rose to speak Mr. Glad stone tailed him to his seat repeatedly and looked at the authorities which he proposed to cite. In the end it was decided that he should offer the House no positive advice, but should ask for time to consider the action of the Government. The House immediately agreed to an adjournment of the discussion tul Wednesday, and the law officers of the Crown were off to the Library to hunt up for more precedents. Mr. Labouchere, though he is after all not quite so smart a man as he has got credit for, could see clearly enough the blunder which his irrepressible client had made. After Lord Randolph's motion had been discussed for some time, he suggested that the question which had arisen as to the effect of Mr. Bradlaugh's taking the oath should be referred to a judicial tri bunal. He had no doubt that there would be persons ready to take action for the enforcement of the supposed pains and penalties. Mr. Labouchere s adroitness was shown in directing the attention of the House from the insult which had been offered to itself, and which, without distinction of parties, it was desired to resent. From the Home Rule quarter an amendment was offered by Dr. Lyons, "thatMr. Bradlaugh be hereby declared incapable of sitting in this Parliament, and that he be forthwith dis charged from further attendance." For once Dr. Lyons expressed the sentiments of the majority, but many minds were also crossed by a fear that the burlesque ceremony which Bradlaugh had gone through might stand the test of the Courts. Steps are being taken to have that decided as expeditiously as may be, and though one cannot imagine an Eng lish Judge giving his sanction to such a pro cedure, that possibly has to be kept in view as a new complication which may thrust itself into the embroglio. SUMMARY EXPULSION. On Wednesday the Hopse passed through a succession of excitements. There were consultations in the morning by the leaders on both sides—that of the Ministers taking the shape of an informal Cabinet meeting, and the Opposition leaders meeting at Sir Stafford's house. At the earliest moment Mr. Gladstone rose to state the intentions of the Government—or, rather, their want of intentions, _ the same negative resolution as before having been arrived at—to leave the difficulty in the hands of the gentlemen of " strong and conscientious convictions" who formed the majority. Mr. Gladstone re minded the House that from the first he had taken a strong view of the case, namely, that the House was acting beyond its powers. But coming to the special case in hand, he severely condemned the disobedience to the Chair, of which Mr. Bradlaugh had been guilty, and agreed that some notice should be taken of it. His shirking provoked ironical cheers from the Opposition, and Sir Stafford, on rising immediately after him, was greeted with cheering from both sides of the House. He put it to the Speaker if there had not been a deliberate act of disobedience to the Chair. The Speaker, in reply, explained that on seeing Mr. Bradlaugh at the table he called out " Order ! order r with the inten tion of preventing him taking the oath. Mr. Bradlaugh's proceeding as he did he must consider a deliberate act of disobedience. A further act of disobedience had been com mitted when Mr. Bradlaugh, after being ordered to withdraw below the bar, took his seat among members. This ruling was re ceived with cheers, as it removed all doubt of the right of the House to inflict exemplary punishment. Sir Stafford himself was greatly inspirited by them. Speaking with rare vigour, he condemned the Government for having jno definite proposal to make to the House. He had never been more surprised, he said, than by the speech of the Prime Minister, or by the impotent con clusion to which it led. He moved without further preamble that the Sergeant-at Arms be instructed to prevent Mr. Bradlaugh en tering the precincts of the House. It was afterwards explained that "precinctB" in this case should be understood to include the division lobby. The motion, had it been carried, would have reduced the hard- swear ing member for Northampton to the level of the ordinary public. An important contri bution was made to the discussion from the Ministerial side by Mr. Whitbread, He had previously upheld the view of the Govern ment that the House was exceeding its rights in reference to refusing the oath to Mr. Brad laugh, but on this specific act of disobedience be was strongly with the majority. The motion of Sir Stafford, he thought, was the least that could be done to vindicate the authority of the House, and he would give it his cordial support. Lord Ran dolph and Mr. Labouchere exchanged shots in sharp and telling speeches. The former joined issue with his leader, and scouted his proposal as utterly inadequate to mark the sense of the House of the outrage that had been committed, It ought, he contended, to be distinctly declared that the law had been violated, and the seat thereby rendered vacant. From this view, as put forward by Lord Randolph on the previous night, the Prime Minister in his opening statement had strongly dissected. He shared the doubts of the Attorney-General if the "gabbling through a form, as Lord Randolph called it, couldbe held a violation of the law. The Honse indicated its sense of these legal diffi culties by rejecting the Churchill motion, but while Sir Stafford's was being finally con sidered an incident occurred which again roused the anger of the House, and brought down on Bradlaugh the summary punishment he had so long courted. THE SEAT DECLARED VACANT. While the debate was proceeding on a second amendment of Dr. Lyons, which found the obnoxious member guilty of profa nation and ordered him to be discharged forth with from further attendance in the House, Mr. Bradlaugh again entered within the bar. The Speaker promptly ordered him to with draw, which he did, bawling out his protest that he had taken the oath and was entitled to his seat. Sir Stafford Northcote imme diately rose and said that in view of this new act of disobedience his motion might be con sidered inadequate. He would therefore withdraw it and substitute a new motion for the unconditional expulsion of Mi:. Brad laugh. The Prime Minister intimated that he would not oppose it, and by a majority of 291 to 83 it was carried out of hand. Sir Stafford followed up with a second motion to issue a new writ for Northampton, and this was carried without a division. The battle is marching suspiciously close on the lines of the more famous Jack Wilkes's contest of last century, but the House is on its guard against letting the analogy be carried too far. There is more than a hope that if a popular candidate be run against him at Northampton Bradlaugh may not succeed in his next attempt, but of course that will not entail on some other Radical constituency the honour of giving him hospitality. But the House, if it is wise, will take measures to prepare for his possible return. It will endeavour to run through a short Bill making it optional for members to swear or to affirm. Sir Stafford has not intimated how he would act in such a case, but the Government might reckon on carry ing it through in spite of him, and the gordian knot would be cut at last. If the measure were to miscarry or to be thrown out by the Lords, and Bradlaugh were to come back, the last state of the House would be worse than the first. GENERAL SK0BEL0FF AS A STORM PETREL. The fire-eating Russian General, who has taken to speechifying, is now indulging his strange taste in Paris. After his Panslav outburst at St. Petersburg, on the anniversary _ of Geok-Tepe, the brilliant victory which he won two years ago I over the Tekkes, he found it advisable to quit Russia. Much to the disgust of the Berliners he passed through their city incognito without paying any visits, though he has formed a good many friendships among the officers of the German staff at the great manoeuvres at Strasburg. When I referred to him last he had disappeared from observa tion, but his hiding-place was only Paris. There he has suddenly become the lion of the I cay city. A deputation of Servians waited on him, and drew from him another Pan slavist speech which throws into the shade the Geok-Tepe performance. The latter was only directed at Austria, which is accustomed to the vapouring of Panslavists; but at Paris the Germans were directly attacked, aud Germans nowadays are much less thick-skinned than they used to be. General.Skobeloff, if he intended to irritate them has completely succeeded, for he is now the bite noire of the Teuton Press. The offensive observa tions he made were unprecedented, and, coming from a man in high position, in tolerable to a friendly State. In speaking to the young Servs Skooeloff acknowledged that Russia was not always equal to her mission I as a Slav Power, the reason being that at home as well as abroad she had foreign in | fluence to contend against. We are not masters in our own house, he said. The foreigner is everywhere and everything in Russia. His hand, is in all our affairs. We are dupes of his policy, victims of his intri gues, slaves of his strength, and from his baneful influence wecan only deliver ourselves by the sword. Should he tell them the name of the intruder? It was the German. The German was the enemy. A struggle was inevitable between the Teuton and the Slav. It was inevitable and could not be long deferred. It would be long, sanguinary, and terrible, but he entertained the hope that it would cul minate in the victory of the Slav. The speech was reported as I have given it you in the columns of La France, ana without a word of exaggeration it set all Europe in a blaze. The commotion it caused in Paris was reflected back from Berlin and Vienna. Every Bourse on the Continent responded to it as a note of war, and stocks were depressed as if a great crisis were imminent. Interviewers rushed to the General to ask if he had really used such lan guage about Germany and the German army. He professed to be indignant and annoyed at the exaggerated version of his words which had appeared in La France, but La France vouches for the accuracy of its report, which it says was taken down on the spot by a Servian student, the speech having been made in French. To the Paris eorres Eondent of the Baity News he protested that is language and his object in using it had been greatly misunderstood. He vowed that he had not come to the West to rouse a storm, but to avert one—to avert it as Cromwell and Bismarck did, bv plain speaking. Before God he detested war. In one campaign he had had 21,000 men killed under him, and he could realize all that was odious and cruel in his profession, but a great war was inevitable if the Austrians went on oppressing the Slavs in Herzegovina and Bosnia. Russians could not stand by and see what they were seeing now—Austria making her first approach to domination over all the Slavs in tne Balkan Peninsula. All Russia would unite to combat the military clericalism of the Austrians in the protected States, for the Slavs would neither be Turk nor Jesuit ridden. IRRITATION AT BERLIN. The German Press has not fallen much short of Skobeloff himself in energy of expres sion on the Slav question, and from highest to lowest there is a profound resentment felt, not only toward the chief offender, but towards the Slavs at large, and even against Russia as a whole. The Old Kaiser has read both speeches with the deepest Borrow and indignation, which he takes no care to dis guise. In his private communications to the Czar he may no doubt give vent to his feelings pretiy plainly, but Prince Bismarck seems to hesitate about honouring the inci dent with official notice. How it should be treated depends in tbe first place on how it is regarded at St. Petersburg, and there is the most careful abstention from any hint of Imperial or official opinion. It was reported a day or two before the Paris speech that the Czar had caused two new ships of war to be christened Skobeloff and Geok - Tepe respectively, but this is not verified. Were it true it would be a most ominous event, as signifying that the Czar was giving way at last to his well- known Panslavist proclivities. That is an eventful turn of affairs, which the world waits for with anxiety. Some recent appoint ments in the Imperial household appear to lead up to it, and any day a change might be announced at the Foreign Office which would be at most a signal for war. The resignation of M. de Giers has been repeated again and again, and should he resign his successor would be General Ignatieff. What General IgnatiefFs policy would be needs no saying. It would be responded to at Vienna by the resignation of Count Kalnoky, the present Foreign Minister, and the return to office of Count Andrassy, whose withdrawal a year or two ago was a patriotic concession to Russian susceptibilities, which it was desired at the time to conciliate. THE HERZEGOVINA. The insurrection is resting on its oars. At least there is no fighting, but a great deal of reconnaissance-making on the part of the Austrian troops, and occasional skirmishes with small homes of insurgents. Reinforcements are still being turned south, and the intention of the AustnanjGenerals is understood to be to wait till the good weather enables them to make the best use of their resources and to strike with effect. This Fabian policy may seem wise from a military point of view, as there certainly could be little done just now in the almost inaccessible passes in which the insurgents had lodged, but it gives the external agita tion free scope, and the help drawn by the insurrection from its road may be much greater than is now apparent. Advices from Bucharest and from Servia continue to affirm that many Russian officers are going through to the disturbed districts in mufti. The belief is that Skobeloff him self meditates a sudden descent on Herze fovina in order to unfurl the Panslav banner, [e has virtually declared war on Austria, and charged her with violating the Treaty of Berlin, under which she occupies the pro tected provinces. It is an ominous fact that the Cabinet of St. Petersburg and the semi official Press of Russia have studiously ab stained from expressing an opinion as to the right of Austria to enforce the conscription in the provinces. If that assumed right were to be questioned by Russia—and she has reserved her freedom of action regarding it Austria might at any moment be pulled up by a Russian protest. That, I have reason to believe, is one of the uncertainties of the outlook at Vienna, and a real, though not an acknowledged, cause of delay in the military operations. Austria is committed to the conscription, and could not draw back if once she had indicated her resolution to enforce. After this a Russian protest would be tantamount to declaration of war. EGl'PT. As everywhere else the outlook in Egypt begins to look very black. The Controllers have expressed in unmistakable terms to their respective Governments the gravity of the situation and the untenability of the position in which they now find themselves. In a joint statement by them, which has found its way into the columns of the Re publiqiw Fran^aise, 'they speak dolefully of the gradual disappearance of all the fruits of the past two years' financial administration. The condition of {the country, they say, is as prosperous as two years ago it was hopeless, but the authority of the Khedive is being weakened and destroyed. The action of the Controllers is nullified by their having to deal withMinisters dependentonthe Chamber of Notables and the army. The day is within 6ight, they fear, when the whole of the old abuses will return and the country relapse into its former anarchy. If the Controllers do not disguise the dif ficulty of their position it is not quite so bad as report makes it out to be. This week it has been repeatedly rumoured that they had resigned, but apparently there has not been as yet a collision so direct as to require such action. The Powers have mean while not yet made any provision for the very possible and almost imminent event of another crisis at Cairo. There are notes of various kinds being exchanged. England and France are making representations at Cairo. The four Powers nave issued an energetic reply to the recent explanations of the English and French Cabinets, and at this very moment a hot debate on the aflairs of Egypt is proceeding in the French Assembly. The reply to the Turkish memorandum is expected to soothe the amour vropre of the Sultan. With a cynical stretch of serenity the Porte is assured in it that the aim of the joint note was the maintenance of Turkish sovereignty and the welfare of the Egyptian people. On this no more sarcastic commentary is needed than the withdrawal of both Powers front the joint note. On the part of the new French Ministers it is almost openly avowed. M. de Freycinet is reversiug the whole policy of his predecessors in North Africa as clearly as Lord Hartington reversed the policy of his predecessor in Afghanistan. M. Roustan is to be at once superseded as Minister Resident at Tunis, and it is ru moured that on this subject there have been threatening passages between M. de Freycinet and M. Gambetta. The latter, on returning from Italy, it is said, sent liim a message through a friend that if he criticised the action of the late Government in Egypt Gambetta would go into the tribune and give no quarter. Whatever the hint in tended,-it would be conveyed, I should think, in a more delicate form than that. At all events, it seems to have had little effect, for M. de Freycinet does not disguise his aversion to the policy of adventure which was recently _ carried on in Egypt. He has recoiled from it, as Earl Granville nas only been too glad to do also, and the anxiety of the two Cabinets is now to get into line again with the European concert. But the four Powers are not invoking the European concert. They are acting on their own behalf and without much consideration for the feelings of Earl Granville. Austria has the credit of the initiative in this matter, and it can easily be conceived for what pur pose she wishes to occupy the attention of England aud France in the East. She has Bubstantialtreasons for wishing to strengthen her own weak points in that quarter; and Italy as usual studies her own interest in the support she is giving to her new ally. The latest note of the Four Powers contends emphatically, it is said, against the creation of separate interests at Cairo, and claims Egyptian affairs as a matter of European concern. Egypt has, in short, drifted rapidly in the past few weeks. _ THE CHANNEL TUNNEL. The military question of the hour is whether or not Sir Edward Watkin should be allowed to make his Channel tunnel. So long as it was thought that he could not do it there was only an academic interest felt in the question; but laBt Saturday he took dovra to Dover a brilliant company of military and scientific men, whom ne showed over the works and feasted like a railway king, as he is. Depredicts that the tunnel can be ready for traffic within three years, and hence the alarm which has been taken at the War Office. You will have seen an account ol Sir Garnet Wolseley's report against the scheme in which he considers it as fatal to the insular impregnability of the country. In his opinion a force of 2,000 Frenchmen could be smuggled through any night, and hold the exit ot the tunnel sufficiently long for a supporting column of 20,000 men to follow them. It has been ironically asked of Sir Garnet what the garrison of Dover would be doing all this while—if no arrangements could be made for flooding the tunnel, and if defensive works could not be erected at the mouth of the tunnel capable of blowing to pieces even a column of 20,000 men. Sir Garnet does not in this any more than in other matters fairly repre sent the military opinion of the country. The anti- Wolseley section of the Horse Guards sneer at his fears, but they are shared to some extent bv the Royal Commander-in Chief._ The subject was brought up this week in the House of Lords, ana a Military Commissicn has to be appointed to report on it. Sir Edward Watkin has not got a Hill, as is generally supposed, for the tunnel it self, but only for opening the foreshore. This he has done to the extent of about a thousand yards, but it is probable that he will have to suspend operations soon until a new Bill can be obtained. He will then encounter in Parliament not only the opponents of a tunnel, but a crowd of promoters of rival schemes. THE INTERCOLONIAL EXHIBITIONS COM MISSIONS. The Prince of Wales has held a farewell meeting with his colleagues of the Royal Commissions for the Australian Exhibitions. He invited them on Tuesday to Marlborough House to take formal leave of them, and his invitation was largely accepted. The Duke of Manchester, wno has aged a good deal since his tour round the world, was con spicuous in the company. Near him was the Secretary for the Colonies, the Earl of Kimberley, and his fellow-Minister, Mr. Childers. The most notable colonists were Sir John Rose and Sir Daniel Cooper. The Prince thanked them for the assistance and support which had led to the highly suc cessful results which had been accomplished. He acknowledged the hearty appreciation which their efforts had met with in the colonies. Their representative in Melbourne, he said, had received in all matters the cordial and unqualified co-operation of the colonial authorities. If hemightparticularizeanything in their successes, the direct subsidy they had given to the fine arts in the Melbourne Exhi bition 'had been most beneficial. He took credit to the Commission for careful manage ment, and was glad to state that after de fraying all expenses they would have a balance of the grant to return to the Treasury. On the Exhibitions themselves they could look back with great satisfaction. They had given to foreign countries new con ceptions of the wealth and capabilities of Australia, and they had drawn closer the commercial and industrial interests of the mother country and the colonies. The Com mission could not have given up the ghost more gracefully than it did at Marlborough House, It has made a number of amiable and benevolent people acquainted with each other who might not have met in the ordi nary paths of politics. It has also consoli dated and made to work smoothly an organi zation which may be called into life again on +he shortest notice for services similar to what it has so well rendered in the past. 