HUSBAND AND WIFE: OB The Hand and the Heart. CHAPTEB XXXIV.— (Continded.) The astounding announcement of the girl con cerning Mr. Alfred Ancillon had really stunned her into insensibility as to the real meaning and bearing of the asserted fact. The immediate needs of that poor girl had occupied Liiith's hands and feet, and, perhaps, her most external thoughts ; but underneath all tras the consciousness of a dull pain, a deep burden of pain, that was becoming more poignant every moment. ? , ? ' Was it probable — was it. even possible — that Alfred Ancillon could have been guilty of the atrocity of deserting this young -wife in utter des \- titution, and in a strange land ? He was very careless, but surely he was not cruel P The happy, buoyant, boyish face, which ?was but the expression of the happy, buoyant, joyous heart, could never mask falsehood, cruelty, brutality, or any other form of- selfishness. He -was very reckless, so very reckless that Iiilith often smiled at the memory of his words when he had called himself a graduate in cautiousness, a master of cautiousness, a doctor of cautiousness ! Lilith knew now that he had spoken in irony of himself, that in fact he had been laughing at himself, and that he was rather a graduate in recklessness, a master and a doctor of daring! But he. was not wicked. Of that Lilith felt as sure as she could feel of any fact. As she thought out the subject she came to the generous conclusion that though there might be mystery in this matter — as there was was a great cloud of mystery all round Mr. Alfred Aneillon — there could be no guilt. Then, as she dismissed this subject from her mind, it seemed only to make room 'for the entrance of a yet more disturbing one — the letter. Hereward must have received it by this time ! And if she should have opened and read it I Oh, what, what could he think of her? What could any man think of his wife under the same circumstances P If, as was most likely, as was almost certain to happen, he should come down and arraign her, how could she defend herself? What could she eay ? The circumstantial evidence would assuredly convict her. Nay, half that circumstantial evi dence would convict any womani no matter how fair her antecedal life had been I Oh, ruin, utter ruin seemed to' be impending! Fate v.-as rushing on with railroad speed, and she, para lysed upon its track, was helpless to escape. Her torturing thoughts were interrupted by the return of Nancy, who broke suddenly into the room exclaiming. * Well, Miss Lilif, I done been an* seen ole Aunt Adah I Lor ' 1 Dere aiht nuffln 'tall de matter wid dat ole creetur but de rheumatdz ! She's crippled up wid de rheumatiz' an' it's a good fing as she'B got dat dere young w'ite girl to take care ob her ! ? I done sent Cely ober there wid some opydildock, and I 'spects she'll be all right ag'in Ven de wedder's settled.' 'I hope so. Butyoujmist look after her well, Nancy ! It would be a sin and a shame to let a fellow-creature suffer for the* want of help right at our door, as we may say.' * Fac', Miss Lilif J Sure's yer born 1 It would be Flyin' ! Dere ! Dere's Sieve at las' ! Now, wot yer got to say for yers'f stay in' all dis time P Oh, won't I be glad w'en de marster coaies home for good to rcgellate yer all ! Yer doan yearn yer salt; much less yer wittals, an' close an' fire and bed 3 Wot yer got to say fer yerse'f, eh ? Been drinMn' pizen w'iskey at Druinmond's grogshop j or spendin' yer time fooiin' 'long o' dat yaller gal, Flora ?' demanded the house keeper. Sublimely ignoring the criticisms and questions of his fellow servant, Steve laid the mail bag on the table before his mistress, and explained to her: * I come back soon's ebber I could, Miss Lilif ! Yes, ma'am, I did, indeed ! Wich I had to wait for de mail to come in, w'ieh de train were two hours 'hine-hanV * Ho accident, I hope ?' said Lilith, anxiously. * No, ma'am (w'ich I meant to say no sarous one) on'y de freight train run ober de dead tree wot 'fell 'cross de track an: were pitched ober — leastways de engine were, I beliebe, or soraefin' or yudder wot made a 'struction on de yoad ; but no one were hurt.' - ' Well, I am glad it was no worse ! You can go now, Stephen,' said the young lady. ?Yes, an' yer je3 got to fill de kitchen cloEet full ob wood, 'fo' yer eat one nioufful ! Yer hear me, doan yer ?' demanded Nancy, as she followed Him from the room. Lilith drew the key from her pocket and un locked the mail, and turned it upside down. Only one poor little letter dropped out. She snatched it up, hoping it might be from her husband. But, no ! The handwriting was strange to her. She opened the envelope and turned to the signature : 'Alfred Ancillon.' He had never written to her before that lucfc leas letter which had gone to Washington, and' escaped her sight. So that she had never seen I his handwriting until this moment. I With a sinking of the heart that now always attended the thought of the handsome and eccen tric stranger, she opened the letter. It was as follows -. Prostville, March — , IS ? . My Dearest Dear Lilith,— I ain going a-sray irom jcu now for a certainty. I am gtun^ to Chicago. I write only to take leave of yon, and to tell vou that youmay safoJv direct a letter to me— to the Chicago post office until called for. Tell me, when you write, where I may safely direct a letter to you. Frostville will not do, of course. What do you say to Eyrie, Tip Top, Ulack ville ? Either of these would do, I think. If you should see or hear anything of a little French gipsy who answers to the name of Lucille, he good to her, for my sake. I hear that the troupe has dropped her. Hoping to hear from you on mv arrival at Chicago I remain, ever and ever, my darling of darlings, your own A3SC1X.JjON. Lilith read this letter to the end, feeling more perplexed and troubled than she had felt before in all her life. She could not think. She was past thinking. She sat before the fire, staring at the lines before her, absorbed and dazed, until a movement in the room, which might have been Nancy or Steve, aroused her from her trance of dismay. 'This must be destroyed at once/ she muttered to herself, as she extended her hand to hold the letter over the blaze. Bat at that instant her wrist was seized in a firm grip, and the letter withdrawn from her hand. With a start she turned and found herself face to face with her husband. She uttered a piercing shriek, and hid her face in the cushions of her chair. CHAPTER XXXV. DE1VEN TO DESPEBATIOKT. * Detected J' said Tudor Hereward, in a tone of cold acorn, that revealed nothing of the fire of jealous rage that was burning and consuming his heart. She answered not a word in self-defence. She could not speak, but sat cowering and trembling, with her head buried in the cushions of her chair. He glanced at the letter in his hand. First at its commencement, ' My Dearest Dear Lilith/ then at its end, ' Ever and ever, my darling of darlings, your own Ancillon.' Then he went and turned the key in the door, stepped back to Lilith 'e side, and said, in a low, hard tone : ' Look up at me.' She raised her pale and distressed face, lifting her large brown, eyes appealiagly, prayerf ully to his. 'I am going to read this letter from jour lover to yourself, lam going to read it aloud/ he said, with cold cruelty. ' Oh, Tudor !' she tried to say, though her voice was broken with anguish/ he is not my lover J As the Lord hears me speak the truth* as I hope for t salvation, he is not my lover/ . j ' Be silient/ he thundered, losing his selfcom mand. 'I will not suffer yon to utter falsehoods, perjuries, blasphemies, in my presence 1 Listen to this letter, and be overwhelmed with shame and dishonour I' . ' Lilith tank shuddering to the floor and hid her head on the seat of her chair, looking in her piti able toorar and dismay the very image of detected goilt. ,.. , Hereward, by an effort of his strong willy re covered his self-control, And with cruel coldhesss fead the fatal letter slowly ?nd disUnctiy t6 its end. ' .=_''? .??;?''' '; ' ' :'.? ' '.'?'' Then deliberately folding it up and carefully putting it away in his pocket, he said, with con strained quietness s ' You know the usual end of these disgraceful affairs. What have you to say ?' She raised her agonized face once more, raised her imploring eyes to his, clasped and wrung her hands, and answered with impassioned earnest ness: * Oh, Tudor ! I am true to you ! I am true to you ! There Is not a pulee in my heart that does not beat for you J Oh, there is not a* breath of my life that is not an aspiration for you! The Lord, who hears ihe, knows I speak the trnthl' He looked down on her, his lips writhing with unutterable scorn., as he answered .- . * 1 thought you were a child, and I was half in clined to pity, even while I despised you 3 But — you never were a child ! You were born with inherited evils in which childhood could have no part — evils, which have made you, at 17 years of age, a woman, so old in sin, so sharp in deception, so hardened in falsehood, that I can feel no mercy for you and shall show no mercy to you ! Be sure of that.' * Tudor/ she said, slowly rising from her abased position and re-seating; herself in her chair, while a certain gentle dignity was faintly perceptible through all her deep distress-^ ' Tudor, I have not asked, and do not want, your mercy, if I have lost your love.' . ' Lost my love ! Ha, ha V he answered, laugh ing insultingly. 'Why, you never liad my love ! No ! I thank God I have not that humiliation to blush for. That dishonour, that deep degrada tion does not cling to me. I never loved you P ' You — never — cared — for — me ?' breathed the young wife, in broken tones and with a dazed ex pression. ., ' Never !' he answered, savagely — * Never ! I thank the Lord !' * Then why, oh, why did you marry me ?' she murmured, in heart-broken anguish. * Why ? To please my dying father ! You had played your game well — for a child ! You had played upon the feelings of that honest gentle man, the late Major Hereward. You had made him believe that you were worthy to be his daughter, the wife of his son! And — in some way — had given him the- impression that you had honoured his son with your love — ha, ha, ha! And so he asked me as a last earthly concession, to marry you. And so, to please my dying father, I made the greatest sacrifice ever required of man. I gave you my hand ; but it was my hand only.' * Oh ! if I had but known the truth ! If I had but known the truth !' wailed the miserable young wife. * Or if I had but known it ?' mocked Hereward. ' But at all events we both know it now, when it is too late/ ne aaaca, bitterly. ' And our dear father meant all for the best ! He wished only the happiness of his children/ muttered Lilith, as if appealing to redeem his memory from reproach. ' I forbid you to speak of Major Hereward, or even to allude to him ! You are unworthy to breathe his name !' exclaimed Tudor Hereward, I again losing his self-command. I Lilith bowed her head, almost, it seemed, as if in assent to this ; for her veneration for her fos ter-father was very great. 'But you are shifting, evading, prevaricat ing ! And you shall do so no longer !' he added, with stern determination. 'Itoldyou that dis honour, such as you have brought upon yourself and me, can have but one termination. I ask you what you couid advance against such con victing evidence as the letter 1 have just read. And now I have something1 else to tell you ! Another letter, a still more damning letter than this, has fallen into my hands. Look up ! liisten ! I am about to read it you !' ' Oh, no ! pray, pray do not ! I am not respon sible for that letter. Oh, indeed I am not!' * You cannot bear to listen. But you shall ?' I he said, with cold and cruel scorn, as he drew 1 Ancillou's first letter from his breast pocket, and began to read it, while Lilith cowered in her chair and buried her head in its cushions, as if she would have shut out the sight of her hus band's terrible face, and the sound of the sicken ing words he read. He read with cruel distinctness and delibera tion when he came to the closing paragraph — 'So I shall lake advantage of the old man's absence, and run down there to cheer you up a bit. You will got this letter on Monday morn ing. Expect to see me on Monday evening.' Hereward finished reading the letter. Lilith never looked up from her position'. ' Speak ! ' he angrily exclaimed. ' Oh, Tudor ! What can I say ? I can say nothing of any weight against the evidence of these letters, these cruel letters, for which I am not responsible. Yet — Yet. I declare before High Heaven, in the presence of the Lord who will be my judge — that no wrong has been done you — no wrong intended you, either by mo or by — by — by aayone else ' said Lilith, fearful of uttering the offensive name of Ancillon, and wringing her hands in the extremity of her dis tress. ' No wrong1,' he exclaimed, trembling with sup pressed rage — ' No wrong in such letters as these, addressed by that man to you — to you ?' ' No, no, wrong/ she persisted, though in a low, faint tone.' ' And is that all you have to offer in justifica tion ? A bald, stupid, impudent denial of an evi dent fact ? Nothing else ?' ' Nothing else/ she confessed, in a voice of despair. ' And you expect me to believe it ?' ' No, I expect nothing, Tudor ! ' she sighed. 'By my honour, you shall not call me by name! Do not dare to offend — to insult 'me in that way again. Where is that man now?' he suddenly burst forth. 'I do know, sir/ said Lilith, in a dying voice; adding faintly, after a short pause : ' You read in that last letter that he was at Frcsthill yesterday morning, intending1 to go to Chicago. 1 know no more then that.' ' He has been here, however, according to his own apnointinent ?' ' Yes*.' 'When?' ' Oa Monday afternoon.' * And you received him ?' ' Yes.' ' How-long did he stay. ?' 'Until 10 o'clock.' ? 'And you entertained birr; during all that time?' ' ' Yes.' * And yet — no wrong has been done, no wrong intended, he exclaimed, in bitter sarcasm. ' No, no wrong ?whatever/ said Lilith. _ He sprang to his feet with a nerce stamp and ex clamation : . ' ? I tell you, wretched girl ! that men have slain women forguch wrongsas these !' Lilith was shocked, but quickly controlled her self, though she cowered and shuddered with horror. He was pacing excitedly up and down the floor. Suddeniy he stopped beside her. , She looked up with a wild, startled, appealing expression in her dark eyes. ' Be still !' he said. ' You have nothing to fear from me. I regard the laws of God. I would not loll you, although yon have dishonoured me !' I will not even bring you into court to expose your wickedness and my humiliation to the world— although these letters in my. possession are sufficient to convict you and free me in any divorce court in Christendom ! But — I shall not the less surely repudiate yon, and forbid you to bear my name, or to speak of -me as in any manner related to yourself, or to speak of iny honoured father, 1 } shall forbid you to do this, under pain of the legal- penalties I am able to inflict upon ?you/ ' ' - Lilith had risen to her feet, and was looking at her husband, a strange change coming over the childlike face and form ; as if by some magic transformation she was turning into a mature woman. For a moment she rested one arm on the back of her chair, as if for support, while she looked up to his face and inquired, in alow, slow, distinct tone i. ... ' Mr. Hereward, do yon ~ mean what you say?' . * - ?? ......... 'Do I mean it P Z mean every word that I have said, and . touch more than X care to say! How dare you stand there, looking at me in that in solent way ? Do you wish fo madden me ? J&oi; ; Leave my sight I Leave the room while I have1 some remnant of self-command left. And do not venture into my view again ! In a few hours I shall have left my father's house behind me, 'never to return, while you desecrate it with your nrcsence !' What a transformation had come over the timid young face and form ! Was this Lilith, the shrinking child- wife, who was but a little while ago cowered, trembling like a most guilty culprit under the cruel charges and fierce wrath of her husband ? Was this the same Lilith who now came and stood before him, pale, but firm and self- possessed, as she spoke in a clear, calm, voice : 'No, Mr. Hereward, I cannot turn you out of your father's house. It is I who must leave it/ ' ' Do not stand there and look at me ! Do not speak to me ! Do not tempt me I Go ! go !' he exclaimed, scarcely knowing what he said. * Farewell !' she said, and turning left the room. Hours passed. The negroes in the kitchen who had seen the arrival of Mr. Hereward, and. were expecting a summons to the parlour to receive orders from their mistress, waited long in vain. Twice Steve had gone to the parlour door, twice, he found it locked, and had retired discreetly, without rap ping. Twice Nancy had been startled by a shriek from her mistress. The first time she had under stood itas a cry of- surprise at the sudden appear ance of Mr. Hereward, who had surprised them all, in point of fact. The second time she had hurried to the parlour, but still finding it locked, and shearing her master's voice in stern tones, she had withdrawn, saying to herself : 'He's telling1 ob her some drefful fing as has happen' — may be dat railway aeciden', as niought a been more sarous dan was 'ported by Steve.' The dinner hour came on, and the table was set in the dining-room for two, and still there came no sign of a summons from the parlour. . Dinner was placed on the table and the bell rung, but without effect. Then Steve was told to go fo the parlour door, and tell the master and mistress that dinner was on the table. . Steve went and rapped. ' Well ?' said the master, from within. * Dinner is waiting, sir/ ' I do not want any. Don't interrupt me again/ Steve went and reported to Nancy. ' De young marster an' mist'ess is boin habbin' ob a breeze, sure's yer born. Somefin wrong twix' dem two. What did de young misf ess say ? Didn' she want no dinner neider ?' ' L reckon not, A'n' Nancy, 'eaze she nebber said nuflin/ * Well, bos' way is to let 'em alone till deir ap petite comes to 'era. It will be sure to come 'fo' long,' said the woman. Dinner grew cold on the table, and still there wag no movement from the parlour. Night fell. Supper was served. The bell was rung. But no one came ont from the parlour. ' I'll go see wot's de matter now/ said Nancy. And, with the freedom of the oldest and most favoured servant In the house, she went to the parlour door, opened it, and entered the room. The place was cold and dark. The fire had gone out, and no lamp had been lighted. She could not see if there were any one there. Some thing about the place seemed to Etrike a chill to her spirit as well as to her flesh. She called aloud : ' Miss Lilif !— Marse Tudor V There was no response. She shivered. * 'Deed, de place is like de desolation ob 'bomi nation, as de Second Adwenturors say. Here, Steve, fetch a light !' she called down the dark passage. The man speedily appeared with a tallow candle in his hand. They entered the parlour together, but found no one there. ' Dey aint in de long drawin'-room, 'caze dere aint been no fire in dere for weeks an' weeks. Maybe dey is up in Miss Lilif 's room. I'll go up dere an' see/ And up Nancy went, followed by Sieve with the candle. The Sre was low m Liiith's chamber, but no sign of master or mistress was there. They went through all the upper rooms with out finding the young pair. ' Sich goin's on ! 1 calls it Flyin5 ! I do, in deed, Flyin' !' grumbled Naacy, coming down stairs from her fruitless errand. ' It's jes' like playin' ' hide-an'-whoop,' aint it, A'n' Nancy?' said Steve. ' Whey in dis worl' can dey be ? Sure dey aint gone out to take a walk on sich a bitter, bitter, cole night as dis ! An' dey aint in de house, certain !' said Niincy, after she had gone through the whole building in her vain search. ' It is 'sterious, aint it, Nancy,' said Steve. 'Storious ? 'Sterious doan begin to 'scribe it. 'I feels like I was in a bad dream — a awful bad dream ! Come now, Steeve, shefc de dinin'-room shetters ; it's gettin' cole as Canady ! said the woman, as the two paused near the door. The dining-room, as we have said before, was in the rear of Liiith's little parlour. Its windows looked out upon the grounds behind the hoiise. bteve went to close the shutters, but started back with a cry. ' Wots de matter wid de fool now ? demanded Nancy. ' Has yer eeen a ghost ? ' 'Deed, Lor' knows. A'n' Nancy. I fought fus' it was a ghose ! But it is only Marse Tudor comin' up from de crik and lookin' as white as a sheet,' replied the boy, recovering himself. ?Marse Tudor?' ' Yes, A'n' Nancy.' ' Comin' up f'oai de crik? ' Yes, A'n' Nancy ! ' ' Marse Tudor comin' up f 'oni de crik dis time o' night/ ' Yes, I tell yer, A'n' Nancy ! Ef yer doan foe liebe me come an' see for yerse'f,' said Steeve, ma.lring way for the woman to look out from the window. Ye3 ! there he was » Naney could not deny it. Tudor Hereward, advancing from the direction the creek, with his face looking ghastly pale in the full moonlight. A few minutes later he entered tihe house. ' Has yer seen anyfing ob Miss Lilif, sah.-P in quired Nancy, goia' to meet him. 'No ! Is she not in her roomP' demanded the master in ill concealed agitation. ' She is not |n de house, sah, dat 'is certain,' said Nancy, becoming vaguely alarmedi * Have you looked for her ? ' 'Bbberyholean' corner, young marse' an' w'ich dere ain't no old oak chists nor. miseltoe' boughs nor 'baron's halls for her to get trapped into neider !' replied Nancy, with a-shudder atthe recollections of the ghastly old sonsr. . Tudor Hereward changed colour]', s' Give me that candle, Stephen,*' he said, 'and go back to the kitchen, both of yqiu. I will ring if I need you/ And he took the light from Stephen's hand to search the house himself . . - He went up stairs to begin therseareh in Liiith's own room. And there he found that he meed search no fur ther. His eyes fell upon something that had escaped the notice of the two negro servants. (to bb contdtobd.) 