RAILWAYS. THE opening of the railway from Adelaide to Farina, a distance of 406^ miles, is an epoch in the history of South Australia. When we consider the population of the colony, which is not so large as that of a third-rate English city, the immensity of the public works undertaken is worth ponijyring over. A great deal i6 stud over over again of the smartness and push of our American cousins ; but we are bold to say that no part of the vorld has yet eclipsed the colony of South Australia for energy or determination in developing the resources of the territory occupied. This, too, in spite of unusual difficulties and natural disadvantages. First of all there is the absence of natural means of communication with the the interior. Excluding the Murray, South Australia proper has not a siugle nagivable river. True, there are the two gulfs, St. Vincent and Spencer's, which exercise a very important influence on our prosperity; but there is a very large stretch of country depending solely upon artificial means for the conveyance of all traffic. Then there is the difficulty as regards water for domestic and other purposes. Few countries are so badly oft* in this respect as South Australia, and yet in face of aU this the land is being occupied and settlement rapidly advancing, while we have said public works are being entered into with a spirit unequalled. With regard to the line of railway just opened, a most astounding blunder has been perpetrated in making it of the 3 feet 6 inch gauge. That is, of course, unless some other motive power than the present heavy steam-engines is used to work the Hue. But whether electricity will or will not soon be brought into u-e is a matter which need not be taken into calculation just now, and for all interests and purposes a stupid error of judgment was made when the gauge was narrowed ; aud no one has yet been able to give a good reason for the error. Some of the candidates now before the county for a seat in the Legislative Council are in favor of relaying the whole of the liue. Much may be said in favor of this course, and we believe when traffic increases it will be a necessary work. As a first section of the transcontinental railway, we hope to see a corresponding section started at the Port Darwin, and the whole built in similar sections. The policy of America in pn -hing forward railways in advance of population is much lauded by men who fail to recognise the difference in the conditions of soil and climate, and forget that the Australian colonies have not the vast stream of restless immigrants pouring in lookiug for employment and homes that the United States have. Our progress must of necessity be slower, but at the same time none the less sure. The Port Darwin line will be an accomplished fact one day, but it must not be hurried, and those who are not content to wait its time, liad better first pat forth every effort to conserve water. This plan would do wonders in hastening settlements and necessarily the railway. Since the above was written the Chief Secretary has delivered himself of the railway policy of the Govern men'. This includes a further section of the Transcontinental line by au extension from Hergott Springs westward; but a branch is also to be put out to the eastward towards the south-western part of Queensland. An officer is to proceed per next steamer to Port Darwin to decide upon a line from Palmerston to the reefs; while a branch of the South Australian trunk line is to go towards the Barrier Range, thus practically annexing parts of Queensland and New South Wales. The Government are in favor of extending the Nairne railway towards the Victorian border, and thus conuect the two capitals. These extensions will amount to about 700 miles, and we have little doubts that the whole will be carried out inside the next five years. ST. GEORGE'S SINGING ASSOCIATION.—The eutertainment given by this society last evening not commencing until after we go to press, no report appears in tbis issue, but is held over until next week. UNCLAIMED LETTERS.—The following unclaimed letters were lying at the Gawler Post-office on Thursday, May 18 ; — Miss Blank, Mr. B. Badinan, Samuel Gains, Richards Dillon, Mr. Joseph Hutch ins, George Jones, Mrs. Kroger, Mr. J. Night, Mrs. C. Lang, Mr. M. Liebler, Mr. Lafs, M. J. Meagher, Mr. McClean, Mr. Martin, Mr. Moss, Mrs. Norton, Mr. Robt. Nicholls, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Wm. Reardon, Mr. R. Sanderson, Miss Sekofield, Mrs. John Turner, Miss Mary Thomson, Adam Wright, Mr. W. Woodman. GAAVIXB TKJIFKKANCE LEAGUE.—A meeting of the league was held at the Gawler Institute on Thursday evening, May 18. There were present Messrs. R. Marsh, Rev. J. Nicholson, J. Davies, W. F. Wincey, J.P., J. Lock, W. C. Allen, L A. Plammer, and the hon. secretary (R. C. Marsh). Mr. J. N. Richards sent au apology. After the minutes had been confirmed, the Rev. H. Holmes was admitted a member. Mr. Wincey tendered his resignation as treasurer and secretary, which was accepted, and Mr. Holmes elected to the position. The question of what candidates were the most suitable to be supported was then proceeded with, and replies to questions sent were read froui some of them. After a careful consideration the following gentlemen were selected :—Messrs. Glyde, Madge, Murray, Cotton, Salom, and Miller. It was also decided that the foregoing list should be advertised in certain newspapers, and cards printed recommending the above gentlemen. The meeting then closed. THE AUSTRALIAN ELEVEN.—The Australians have won their first match, with nine wickets to falL Their opponents were the Oxford Eleven, and the Australians having won the toss took the defensive. Before the last wicket fell 362 runs were made, of which Massie contributed 206. Jones 39, Garrett 41, and Giffen 19. The Oxford team made 189, and this being more than SO behind their opponents had to .follow on ; making 233 in their second innings. Bannerman and Massie took the bat for the Australians, bat the former soon lost his wicket for 0, when Murdoch joined Massie, and the match was won without any more wickets falling, the former being 15 and the latter 46. Massie is said to have batted splendidly, and may be classed as the fast rungetter in the world. MORE DEATHS.—We have still the sad - task of recoding the departure of wellknown residents from our midst. On Thursday Mrs. M. A. Turner, the wife of the la'-e J. F, Tnrner, and mother of Mr. Joseph Turner, J.P., now of Snowtown, and formerly of Gawler, passed away after a short illness. The deceased has beeu known in Gawler for more than 30 yeais, aud we are sure the family will have the sincere sympathy of all the residents. The funeral took place yesterday afternoon, but many were prevented from attending on account of the short notice. Mr. Jaa. Garie also died en the same date. He had been in the employ of Messrs. W. Du {field & Co for many years, and although not taking any public position, was esteemed and respected by those who knew him. HANS BERTRAM.—Our readers we feel sure will not forget that on the evening of the Queen's Birthday a benefit concert is to be given to this gentleman, whose circumstances are such as to need assistance. But the concert itself will be well worth the price of admission, as will be seen by a glance at the programme issued. Besides Mr. Bertram himself and several ladies and gentlemen from Adelaide, Mr, W. Riggs's Baud will assist, and the Gawler Musical Union sing three choruses, one of which is the now famous so-called national song, "Hands all Round", by the Poet Laureate. We believe the music to wliioh the son.j has been set is of an appropriate character. It may be mentioned that the organ upon which Mr. Bertram wil perform has been kindly lent by Messrs. Marshall & Sons, at the request of Mr. S. M. Martin, musicceller, of this town. Those persons who do not wish to miss the opportunity should secure tickets at Mr. Gross's, where seats can be reserved. A POLL TAX.—Last session of Parliament the South Australian Government passed a measure levyiug a poll tax of £10 per head on all Chinese who entered the province, whether by sea or land, and in accor<lance with instructions under this law, Constable Thorton, of Penola, interviewed a Celestial who was about to take coach for Adelaide on Wednesday. The officer asked John froui whence he came. On the answer "from Ballarat" being given, he was informed of the law in such case made and provided, and it was not until the £10 poll tax, kindly advanced by a brother Celestial (a Penola gardener) lia/i been paid, that Ah Wing was allowed to further " wing his flight." RAILWAY ALTERATIONS.—At the Quorn banquet on the opening of the lines success to the Hues was proposed, and in responding to the toast the Coujr.iissioner of Public Works said the receipts froin the railways last year left a balance of 3 A per cent, profit on the capital employed after providing for workiug expenses and cast of management, and to the end of May the receipts would be £25,000 more than to the corresponding period of last year. He proposed, therefore, on the 1st June to reduce the tariff on conveyance of goods 5 per cent, for 100 miles, 10 per cent, for 150 miles, 15 per cent, for 200 miles, and 20 per cent, over that distance. About the 1st of August third-class carriages would be abolished, and secondclass fares would be reduced 50 per cent, (making them 15 per cent, less than present third-class), -ad first- class 33 per ceut. Return tickets would be abolished, excepting on the usual excursion occasions. WILLIAMSTOWN SPORTS.—Those who wish for a day's outiug on Wednesday next should wend their way to Williamstown, where a first-class programme of athletic sports of all kinds has been arranged. The place is a nice distance from Gawler, and with fine weather there can be no reason why a most enjoyable day should not be spent. The committee have not yet been able to fix the amount of the prizes, but we believe there will be no dissatistaction among those fortunate enough to be first iu the various events. BAROSSA FLAXMILLING COMPANY. — A meetiuj of the directors of this company was held in the company's office on Monday, May 15, at which all were present, to consider the expediency of sowing about 20 acres of flax on the company's account, Mr. Geue having grauted the right of selecting 20 acres of laud in either of his paddocks for the purpose. After a long discussion it was unanimously resolved to accept Mr. Geue's offer, and that Metsrs. McCallum, Nicholas, and the chairman be a sub-committee to select a suitable piece of land, and get the same fenced as early as possible. The manager reported that the machinery would be ready for scutching purposes in about three weeks; and thai he was about putting in a concrete floor which would have to be allowed to get properly set before a start was made. Accounts to the amount of £18 7s. were passed for payment, aud the meeting adjourned. A WARNING. —A youth in the employ of Messrs. Sara & Co., received a very timely warning yesterday as to the extreme danger attendant upon carelessuess when moving about amongst machinery. While engaged. in placing a belt for the purpose of usin-j some portions of the apparatus iu the sawmill his apron was caught in the crank of the shaft which was revolviug at considerable speed, and but for the band giving way he would most certainly hr.ve been carrie I round in the next turn of the shaft aud rushed into eternity at a moment's notice. The lesson will probably be beneficial, and teach the value of caution in future. NEVILLE'S LIFE INSURANCE CASE.—The action which had been so long pending agaiast the National Life Insurance Company for non-payment of the policy on the life of Edward Quiney, alias Ernest Neville, was heard in the Supreme Court, Adelaide, on Tuesday and Wednesday last. A very strong Bar had beeu retained on both sides, and the actions turned on the point whether Neville was insane or not at the time he committed suicide. A number of Gawler residents were examined on the point, and some of Neville's drawings were produced, ultimately the jury bringing iu a verdict that he was insane, and thus the company have to pay the mouey. Strong exception was taken to the fact that the defendant ootnpany had issued a prospectus statin" that suicides did not vitiate the policy^ which prospectus was afterwards witlnlrawn. But Neville did not known this, and prior to his death sent a copy to the secretary of the society with the words Referring to'suicides j underlined. Tuere can be no doubt that Neville had the conditions in his mind when he did away with himself, and believed his life insurance would pay his debts. With regard to his sanity, knowingjiim as we did, and having heard the evidence at the inquest, we can come to no other conclusion than that Neville was as sane as nine-tenths of men, and fully aware of what he was doing. At the same time we believe substantial justice has been done by the verdict. PROFESSOR SICE, THE MIND-READER.—On Saturday evening last at the Iustitute H;ill, Professor Rice, whose praises have been sounded for some time past in Adelaide as a mind-reader, gave the citizens of Gawler an opportunity of testing ills capabilities, and after the splendid successes that attended his tests the most sceptical must admit that " there's something in it." On Saturd.iy evening five tests were applied, viz.:—By Mr. J. N. Richards, who thought of an arrow in a lady's bonnet; by Mr. A G. Wells who hit upon the number in a policeman's cap ; by Air. A Drakard, who chose a compositor's setting-rule; and by Mr. W. Riggs, who thought of a watch. The last test was a caution: Mr. Low and the Professor hal been searching for some time until at last Professor Rice gave it up, aud asked Mr. Low to tell the audience what he had thought of, and he simply replied, amid roars of laughter, "Oh! I thought of nothing." On Monday evening the tests were equally severe, and yet net one failure was recorded. Messrs. C. Cross, J. Brooks, J. E. Martin, and F. May all applied tests, Mr. May's being particularly severe. He thought of some leads iu one end of a small case of instruments, and though the person having the case moved from his seat it was, to the delight of all, found. In addition to the Piw.oOtruly wonderful power of mindreading iveral exceedingly clever tricks were pentrmed with a view to expose spiritualism* The cabinet and ghost trick was excellent. Mecsrs. W. iliszgs and A Parkes went on to the stage, and their characters w.ye read by physiognomy by the Professor, w *ich were acknowledged to bj very true. Nit the least enjoyable part of the evenings programme is the singing of Miss Lewis. "hat lady gave on each occasion two 80^4and very quickly established herself a favorite with the audience, and her redeo&nd; was imperative and genuine. We a% pleased to notice that oue of the_ rules tiie IVofessor strictly enforces is •rder, and it waajft great shame after speaking more tiiau onqQ that he had directly to appeal to persons *)ho at any rate ought to have known better; The entertainment was repeated on Wednesday to a much poorer house thau it deserved. PENMANSHIP. —In connection with a presentation which is i» be made to Mr. E. Saint, the late TrafficiSuperinteudent on the railway, Mr. O. Webrstedt was commissioned to prepare a copy of k) address. This he has done in a very autistic manner, and the whole work reflects* great credit upon him. The following is- the wording :— "To Edwin Saint, Esq.,^traffic inspector of the South Australian Railways. Dear Sir—We, the undersigned, <knploy&s; of the Rail way Department, bein^ desirous of expressing the very great respect aud esteem we feel toward yon, think the present time a most favorable opportunity for so doing, as you have decided to sever yotu connection with the Railway Department of South Australia after over 23 years of .fctive service, during winch time you hav-» risen to the highest ij-.sition in the traffic" iepartment, carrying with you at all tiling the greatest respect from the whole of Your subordinate officers throughout the We consider the step you are taking is the correct one, so far as your success in lif* is concerned, but for ourselves we feel that we are not only losing a most able officer, whjse aim has always been to impartially advaite who merited promotion, but also a frietd who was ever ready to assist, encourage, a^'d sympathise with any who may have been j n trouble or affliction. We trust you y'ill kindly accept the accompanying small ti£ ea as a feeble expression of the high estfem that is felt towards you, and we earntstly pray that God may grant you great success iu your new undertaking, and bless yor and your dear wife aud family with every lappiness." BANK CHANGES.—The residents of Kadina will regret to hear that they are to lose Mr. E. W. Mincliin, the esteemed manager of the National Bank, who removes to take charge of the branch in Gawler about the 2nd prox. Mr. Minchiu will be succeeded by Mr. J. A. Austin, son of Mr. J. B. Austin, who was well known on the Peninsula some years ago. SOLICITOUS FOR HIS WELFARE. — Who shall say, after reading the following, that there. is not a lar_je supply <»f the milk of human kindness in the breasts of Mount G*mbier townsfolk ? This a c«py wrbafim et literatim of a letter received through the post by one of our bakers the other d:iy :— " Gainbertou.May 3, 1882. My dear Friend I am a friend for your interest this opportunity of writing these few lines as regards the price of Bread you are Selling for 3J and all the other Bakers are charging 4d why Should you be the losser of 4s on every hag of flower after the way you aud your poor wife has to work so hard so dear Breathern aud you not being a Strong man your self why should you suffer by the high price of f owr trusting you will think the matter over has wee all know you are a Just and Religous of our Church. I remain for your wellfare and Interest yours a Friend."—S.E. Star. MRS. BAEVERTZ.—We are informed that this lady evangelist is somewhat indisposed, and will not visit Moonta until the 27th of the current month, hence the services to be held in the various churches in connection with her visit will not be commenced until a week later than was at first proposed.— LARRIKINISM.—Hitherto Port Pirie and its environs have {says the Port Pirie Gazntte) been pretty free from larrikinism ; true we have had one or two instances, but they have been few and far between, but now the element bids fair to become rampant and to vie with Richmond and Collingwood in Victoria if it is not put down with a strong hand. On Saturday night last a wedding party at Solomontown were disturbed with the usual accompaniment on such occasions— tiukettliug. The larrikins, numbering about a score or m ire, were supplied with refreshments, and even with money. One would imagine after they had been treated in such a way they would desist; but not so, they made an onslaught on to the house, smashed windows, piled kerosine tins to the number of 14 against one door, and some of the cowardly demons placed a huge piece of timl>er, that would nave taken two ablebodied men to lift, up endways against another door in such a way that on the door being opened by one of the wedding-party, a highly respectable citizen, the log fell on his thigh, but luckily did not do him serious iujury. The male portion of' the disturbed party dared not go out to^ jnnish the blackguards, as missies were flying about in all directions, and the rascals were so numerous, and consisted not only of boys of the age of 16, but others much older ; aud amongst them a married man, a butcher by trade, who appeared to be the ringleader of the drunken rabble. The bride was so terrified at the cowardly disturbance that she went into a fit, and lias been rendered very ill ever since. It may be remembered by many of onr readers that some time ago at the Burra a similar outrage was committed, when the bride was so. frightened tliat it caused her death. It is to be hoped if the Solomontown rascals are brought to book the magistrate before whom they appear will have in his mind's eye the instance above referred, and meet our to the scoundrels the puhishment they richly deserve. —S.E. Star. —P.A. Dispatch. T.P. Advertiser. 