THE BRISBANE COURIER FRIDAY, MARCH 31, 1882. IT is not long since we were in great trepidation least that terrible scourge small- pox should find its way to us from New South Wales. That dread has passed away, and all fear of infection has for the present ceased. According, however, tb the testimony of orre who ought to be an authority on the matter, ave are exposed to the iiiilux of what may be counted a worse evil than smallpox from the hands of our neighbours. Recently the booksellers and stationers of Sydney held their annual picnic. At the luncheon Mr. A. Lewis, as the representative of Mr. George Robertson, the xvell-kuoivn Australian bookseller and publisher, and as the manager of the Sydney branch, occupied the chair. In the course of his remarks Mr. Lewis is re- ported as having made the following state- ment :— He wished to deny a charge brought against the booksellers and stationers of Sydnoj-, of importing immoral publications. They lind always set their faces against that, but while the Custom House of England had shut her doors against the filthy productions of America, thero was a stream of literary garbago trickling through tho Custom House of Sydney which was worse for tho youth of tlio country than thesmallpox, whieli had taken so long to stamp out. For himself ho would quaran- tine the purveyors of such stuff, and ho knew of no language whose terms were sufficiently strong to express detestation of the one, and no Gehenna too fierce to burn the other. It may be fnirly assumed that Mr. Lewis knew of what he Avas speaking, and kept within the limits of truth as to the facts of the case. Some persons may think his language severe. It is, but not one whit too denunciatory. The purveyors of the vile stuff to which the reference was made, de- liberately and for the sake of paltry pelf com- pass the demoralisation of the community, and this, too, by the wickedest and the foulest means-namely, the pollution of the minds of the growing youths among us, For such traffickers no epithets can be too strong, no feeling can be too indignant, no detestation can be too deeply felt. Such men are living plague disseminators. They are corrupt and corrupting. As for the stuff they deal in, surely "no Gehenna can," as Mr. Lewis says, " be too fierce to burn that." The pity of it is that it cannot all be seized and con- signed to the flames. While "this stream of literary garbage is trickling through the Custom House of Sydney," it is very certain that some of it will find its way into Queensland. Nay, it is certain that some of it has already found its way here. Publications have been sold in the city that no man of morals or decency would pollute his hands with, and it is to be apprehended that in a quiet way obscene literature is being disseminated among us. How to check this evil is a matter not easily settled. But if, as Mr. Lewis alleges, the Imperial Customs have managed to shut the door against this detestable stuff, surely colonial Customs can effect a similar exclusion. Cases, too, have been known in the colonies where, after the introduction of this kind of literature has taken place, the stock has been seized and destroyed, and those who were selling it severely punished. The fearful injury that might be inflicted upon our community by the incoming of such "literary garbage," and the certainty that the same unregulated desire for gain that would sell it in Sydney will prompt the attempt to sell it in Brisbane, fully justifies us in drawing the attention of the authori- ties to the matter. A little inquiry might soon lead to the discovery of the persons likely to receive consignments of the vile stuff here, either from Sydney or elsewhere, and a little investigation might discover where the mental and moral poison avas sold, It Avould not be amiss if those who have charge of the youths of the colony xvero quietly to set to work and find out whether or not the "garbage" had been introduced among" their pupils or employes. If so, the detectives might be soon put on the track of the guilty sellers ; and surely our laws will be found equal to the task of providing a fitting penalty. We mention this because some few years back indecent publications were found in the possession of some of the boys at a prominent educational institution in one of the colonies, and, a watch being kept, the man who was supplying the trash to the lads was found out, arrested, and sentenced to a long term of imprison- ment for his offence against law and morality. Mr. Lewis's declaration that the literature " was worse for the youth of the colony than the smallpox which had taken so long to stamp out," was a true one for New South Wales, and is a true one for Queensland also. And just as any citizen if he knew of a case of smallpox in Brisbane would, by a thought for the common safety, be impelled to make this fact known in the proper quarter, in order that a spread of the disease might be prevented, so we take it any man who may come to know where a depot for this kind of literature exists, or where a sale of it may be made, will feel it as a duty devolving upon him to make known such places to the rightful authorities, and thus, if ho is not willing to prosecute himself, place the power to do so in the hands of those ivho will. It is evi debt that with this traine, as with smallpox, the only effectual mode of dealing with the evil is by the stamping-out process. For the one a rigid quarantine ; for the other a rigid prosecution of every offender, whoever that offender may be. Wiin.n we are kept well-informed of the progress of Sir Ilenry Parkes on his visit to Europe, we cannot but bear testimony to the cleverness which "has enabled him to extract, as it were, the billon of the political field-marshal from the knapsack of the pailiainentary private. His utter contempt for, and carelessness of, the ridicule of his opponents has not proved a mean factor in his elevation ; ami his natural gift as a speaker will no doubt stand him in good stead in his present circumstances. LTis ready power of turning to advantage small things will help him in his after-dinner speeches. We should not even be surprised to hear of his taking advantage of Irish affairs to drag forward, over the wine and the walnuts, his " Kiama Ghost," and to give himself kudos for his perception at the time of that vision. But, however skilful a diplomatist Sir Henry may be, and how- ever much he may be credited with the art of disguising thought in speech, there will meet him a question which, will »equire all-his tact to answer ç- *'.'.,, . ,, concerned. One" of t1 ia -Çisfactorily to all fi,a "i.w-~e +u. "-"e iJlanks .mst now m ?Jvitisn Conserv.alives is policy of t]le integration of the empire ; ¡Hill ¡in.nongli it comes from an Opposition source, and the patiician pens of the Quar- terly Review have alluded to it, yet there is in tlio very nature of things the possibility that some sudden upheaval of politics may bring the Conservative party and their pro- posals again before the electors of Great Britain. It is a matter he is pretty sure to he asked about, mid it is equally certain that if he follow the Colonial Institute theory of colonial federation he must renounce the doctrine of pomonal representation to which ive have referred. The former principle when proposed might tickle his statesman- ship, the latter his vanity. As colonists of Queensland, however, we cannot yet perceive how this colony is to derive advantage from either plan. We are too poor in tlio trea- sury pocket yet for either. If the Conser- vatives in England should ever give its re- presentation Ave should require to be directly represented, and of course have to pay for it. Our Agent-General has enough to do already without sitting in the Ilouse of Commons at night ; and we should lose' the influence in the Imperial administration of a Minister of the Crown. Private mem- bers' questions are not always answered satisfactorily, and ive can imagine what scant courtesy our representative would receive in the Ilouse of Commons when an Indian debate sends all but Anglo-Indians home to bed. Nor, on the other hand, can ive waste money to pay a representative to discuss the Little-Peddlington Bridge Kill, much less if Ave bael to return three or four members. But there are, no doubt, men in the southern colonies who would be only too proud to act, and that gratuitously. As for confederation, tinie alonewill enable us to afford that reduc- tion in our tariff which could admit us to any Australian confederation. We trust Sir Henry Parkes will speak for New South Wales, not for Queensland ; for while we are always glad of encouragement, we prefer the status quo and the prospects of the future, as they appear, to being identified as anxiously awaiting for ourselves the result of one or other movement which may bring us " ills we wot not of." It must be borne in mind that Queensland is at present in the position of a neivly-furnished house. The different articles have not yet been settled in their places. The enormous strides made in the last four or five years aro evident ; the introduction of vast amounts of foreign capital, the attrac- tion of financiers to the country, the development of its resources, are all matters of fact ; but the permanent adjustment of these circum- stances is only in progress; ; and ive are not yet sufficiently forward in this process to busy ourselves with changes in our relations with either imperial or intercolonial posi- tions. When we have made the land " fair to look upon " from the point of view of our different settled intere&ts;, theu shall we watch external proceedings with greater jealousy in relation to ourselves ; but, with the work in hand, we are not anxious for tlie interference of imperial statesmanship, especially when it is intended to form a por- tion of the bridge to carry parties to power, nor do we desire the attempts of Ministers of other colonies to settle our business for us. The Black Sea may be blockaded by contending forces at any moment ; let us sow our grain and replace Odessa in corn export. It will pay better to work than to fidget. WE were informed a short time ago that Congress had approved of Captain Ead's scheme for a ship railway across the isthmus connecting North and South America at Tchuantepec. From a recent number of the San Francisco Argonaut we gather the fol- lowing particulars of the project, which that journal argues is impracticable. Captain Ead proposes to float his ships in suitable docks into huge rigid cradles, which are to be hauled upwards on submerged rails till they reach the line on terra Jinna. The enormous cradle trucks are then to be drawn across the isthmus. To avoid curves the line is to make the necessary bends, at right angles, provided with turn tables, and to climb the 750ft. of elevation which intervenes between ocean and ocean they are to be raised by "tilting tables." Provision in the shape of sidings is also to be made for one ship passing another on the line. The Argonaut, criticising the scheme, raises a number of objections. One is that it would be impossible to maintain in that rainy tropical country a sufficiently solid roadbed to curry the railway intended to sustain so great a weight without expos- ing the trucks and ships to a great strain. Another, and a more serious one, is that as ships are intended to carry their weight resting entirely on water, it is impossible to construct cradles to support a laden vessel so as not to expose it to an undue and destruc- tive strain. Other practical objections are made to the plan, and it is argued that the cost of the various contrivances would be greater than the locks on a Nicaraguan canal, and that the cost of working such a railway would put it entirely beyond the power of competing with a waterway. WHILE the jury in the case of George Byrne had retired for consultation yesterday morn- ing, his Honour Mr. Jiibtice Harding stated that a paper had been left with his associate by the counsel for the prisoner. His Honour said that lie would not receive it, or deal with it— it was merely n private form. Shortly afterwards his Honour received intimation that the jury had agreed, and he said that h regretted the absence of Mr. Swanwick, as the paper might be reserving some points which would be in favour of the prisoner ; but if any points were reserved they would have to bo taken before the verdict was given. The Attorney-General said that if his Honour had any idea that the contents of the paper might tend favourably towards the prisoner he would look nt it himself. His Honour said that lie could not submit to these constant indignities from Mr. Swanwick, and he would have to bring the matter before his brother Judges, and soo if they could not deal with him. Things were coming to extremes. In order to afford a little more time for Mr. Swanwick to appear, his Honour then ordered a jury in the next case to bo sworn in. At ten minutes to 1 the jury in Byrne's case were called into court, and the Attorney-General, looking at the paper left by Mr, Swanwick, said that it was a reser- vation of certain points, but they ought to have been taken by counsel at the trial. In order to give further delay, his Honour then ordered the next prisoner to be arraigned ; but Mr. Swanwick still not putting in an appearance, and it being by this time five minutes to 1 o'clock, his Honour read the paper, took a note of its contents, and then received the verdict of the jury, and passed sentence. Mu. W. H. KENT has disposed of the race- horses Itiotcr and Adamantea to Mr. W. Mooney for 3Ô0 guineas, and the latter gentle. man has placed them in the bands of H. Walsh to be trained for the autumn meetings. They aro both two- year-olds ; Rioter being by Epigram out of Emeute (Elastic's dam) by Panic ; and Adamantea being by Melbourne out of that smart little mare Ada, who is got by Laureate out of Adventuress, They arrived in Brisbane yesterday, and have gone to Mr. Haygarth's stables at Eagle Farm, where they will bo located during the season, and wc trust that there new owner way have good luci with his purchases. A TELEGRAM received by the Collector of Customs yesterday states that the steamer Genil, A Boore, master, bound from New Britain for Sydney, put into Cairns, short of coals on Wednesday night, having the balance of Marquis de Ray's colonists on board. The master reports the death of Captain Robardy formerly in command of the Genil, at Maoko and also the murder by the cook of Captain Roels of the schooner Annie C Lynn, of Sydney. TELEGRAMS received by the Commissioner of Police report the accidental drowning at Laidley, of a little boy aged between 3 and 4 years, stepson of a farmer named Charles Scragg.From Mackay the suicide of a man named John Shaw is reported.He cut his throat with a penknife on the Cedars planta tion Senior-constable Donaldson, at Chin chilla, reports that Thomas Butler was found drowned in Charley's Creek. The diamonds mentioned in yesterday morn- ing's issue were seized in the course of the day by the Customs authorities. It appears that they had previously been seized, but released again on representations that they had been brought into the colony as personal property Mr Sanders informs us that the diamonds were not on sale, but merely for exhibition A MEETING of the fire insurance companies was held at the offices of the Queensland In- surance Company yesterday afternoon, for the pin pose of electing tw o i epi escntatii es to set i e foi the ensuing yeal (1SS2 3) on the Ino BitgadoBoaid Mi E W Ciutis wasiotcd to the citan, and Messt s Thomas Lockwood (local managei Queen Company) and Ed«aid Sayce (icsidcnt secictarj Commeiciul Union Companj ) w ei c unanimously io elected to tho positions TUF following paingtaph fiom the lettct of our Toowoomba coiiesiiondent shows what a degice of almost mci edible carelessness men can exhibit m handling inflammable liquids - "There M as a i oi y nat i ow escape f i oin a dtsas tious fne on Monelay nifcht A carnci uns about to take away a keg containing some fifteen gallons of mm from Mi Gane} s Tiaiellcts Home Hotel anil, in order to ascer tam if the keg was tight he held a lighted match to it, when the spnit ignited with a loud report, filling the bat «ith flames Mi G an ey and otheiswith difhculty got the keg out into the stiect, and subdued the flames but not until the landloul bael recoiled sei oral nasty bunts about the hands and legs The bat countei and eloot show by then chati ed condition how nanow «as the escape fiom a catastiophc " As trcasutei of the Busbane Musical Union Mi John Dai telson w tites as follow & -"We only pud £7, which included gas as well as the lent, toPiofcssoi Hasclmajei, and not £8 as stated by Mt Loi e, w hilo the agent of the hall chaiges £5 anel f,as £1 os , total £6 5s If tho oiMicis of the building lime built too big a placo fot the citj, it is unfoi túnate, but the lent is piolulntiic to many When we could get the old School of Aits du cet fiom tho owners «e paid on two occasions £3 4s Gd and £2 13s 3d iespcctiieli, «Inch sums inclueled gas, but «hen wo net o obliged to taUo the place f i oin a lessee we had to pay £3 ' THE immigrants of the ship Duke of Athole have been fairly successful in obtaining employ- ment The number in the depot last night con- sisted of twenty single men, eleven single girls and forty two married couples, and to- day all leave with the exception of forty married couples THE GI and Council of the Piotestant Alliance rtienellj Society of Austiaha com raenced its sittings m the Piotestant Hill, Btisbino, on Tuesd-ty last, tinelei the pt est dene} of G M Biothci Tooth The elclibeia tions of the council concluded yesteielaj nftci noon «ith the election of the following olhccis -G M , Bio Tooth, io elected D M Bio Majes, sccietaiy Bio Huct, te elected , ttcastuci, Bio ihomas Cook , chap lam, Bio Cannon, auelrtois, Bios Noakes and Al mulei, gi anel tiustecs, Bios Beattie, Doi sett, and Majes, io elected Thcj weie then installed into then oihees bj the gtandniastei and the council auanged to meet at Hock hampton next j cat Tito i opt esentatti cs pi c sent numbei ed twentj h\e, fiom lodges at Rockhampton, Maiyboiough, Bundnboig, Ips wich Toowoomba, Wai «iel, nnel lodges about Busbane The giandmastet gai o a shott adelt ess bef oic the council sepaiated In the ci cningthemembci smctntthc C if éRoj al Hotel at half past S o'clock and on] o j eel an excellent suppet pioiielcd by host Simmonds The chin «ns occupied by D G M Dorsett and DGM Majes took the nee chan Mt 1 Beattie, ÎILA, was also ptcsent Aftet tho usual lojal toasts Mi Beattie pioposed "Ptospeitty to the Society " The chan man, m lcsponehng, t.aul that the letuins foi the j eat showell the society to lime sixteen good substantiel lodges in noil ing oi dei, and then mcmbcis list numhcied 10o2 Dining the j ear £200 hail been paid away m f uncial expenses, anil foi tj hi c new memhei s had been cm oiled lite soctetj m nil paits of the colon} w as making t apid pt ogt ess Dm nig the past tw elie months anotlici gi anel council had been added to the otelei m Tasmania, and theic was non oneincvcij Austiahau colon} In conclusion, the chanman pioposed the "Kindled Societies' which toast was re- sponded to by Messrs. Beattie, Robinson, and Hipwood. Other toasts followed, and a very pleasant evening was wound up by singing, recitations, &c.; TUB last few of the 'JO tons of the Rock hampton caigo bj the RMS Alruoia «etc (sajs t\\\e Bulletin) put on boaul the s s Polly whilst she w as being towed alongside the big steamci tow ai els Sea Hill The dischaiging became moto hut ned ns this placo was being nenred This lum y culminated m tin ec cases of jam and mai malado being pitched into the sea instead of the Poll} s holel-a noi el method of niauufactmmg "sweet waters ' Tut Insin antt Eecoi d of London, 27th Jnnu ntv «tites as follow« mulei the heading " Mutual Life Assuiancein Australia -"Oui Austt altan mutual ft tends do not seem to ho a ictj uniteel fnmilj, judging fiom the íepoits which no« and again teach us from the anti podes Wo find the mammoth societj byt«o of its agents cast m heavj damages for malign tug one of its joungct compctitois, and jet, strange to saj, extending its Tgis ptotectton oi ci these unsciupulous tools bj still letaintng them in its sei nee AVo find one oi othet of thom cooking statistics to ptoie itself supcuoi to its ncighbouis Instead of then agents lemembeiing that 'good«me needs no bush,' their tactics seem to be to ' cry stinking fish ' At pt cscitt a w oi dy w ai is going on betw con the actual les of two of these offices as to which is entitled to the questionable honoin of bunging out the ictj doubtful lclaxntion of one of the gicatsafcguirds which still generally pio\alls heie of the legitimate sjstcm of life assui ance-namelj, the abolition of the cancellation of risk when the supmcnCss of the assiucd ought to hai e i endei ed it i old by non payment of pi entumís, but maintaining its lahdity until the stn tendel inluc at date of lapsute is cn tu el} absoibed bj eflluxton of time Thus no profit is obtnineel bj those mcmbeiswho con ttuuc ttuoto then com se of pioiidcnce fiom those who ueglcct such duty In fact it is wotsc These offices bind thcmselies totem state « ithout question unless tlio i er j last di op of surieneler i ollie lins been absoibed Now, it is obvious that no man whctlict assignee oi memhei, who has neglected foi scierai j ears to paj his picmiums, will nish m at the icij list moment and pay np aireáis unless he knows full «eil tint assumnco at any cost is bcttci that none at all, m fact, that the life is «holly um«suinble Thus, the good membws aro not onlj mulct of a ici j legitimate som cc of piont, but nie nUo seieielj handicappeil by the selec tion thus created against them " EMKIFS for the Southpoit legatta aie announceel to be lccencd bj Mi R H La« sou at the Queensland Hotel, bet« ecu S and 1 o clock on Satutday night, instead of closing at the Lands Ofhco at i p m , as pre nously adiei-tioed The alteration will be a com entonce to boat-o«ncrs, some of whom will not leaie their work till 4 o'clock on Saturday afternoon, while others will be trying their craft under racing canias at that time, lei Ci THE steamer Ipswich will make an oxcuision to Southport during the Laster holiil n s THE Boko, s,will resume bet afternoon trips to the Bay on Saturday ia TJIL Ipswich, s , and the Hein s aro adler tised foi eicuiiions to Soutlipoit dunn"- tho East« boinia)s ° A insu vi enteitainnicnt at the Eagle Farro. State '.chool is announced foi this evenin"-. THE ' Bonnie liahnifc' and BlaclTevcd Susan' weiciepe ted last night at the theatre lo night Oin Bovs will bo iioilnced, and a îoiuife ladv, Miss Emilj It win will make hoi hrst ippearanccinBiisbane Wi baie been lequested to conect an enoi in the report of the South Biisbano Ladies' Beneiolent Society, which npicaied in oui issue of the 29th instant Hie liiclj m chaine of distuct 11 is Mi s O E Laj ton " A uacktT match between the Lands De paitment and lepiesentatnes of the lanous Iiilsbane banks will take place ead} mApul Lai go 01 dei s foi new hats aie being antici pated bj the tiade dependent on the e\ ent Al tlie Caminal Sittings of the Supieme Coint j estol day moining, Iliomns John Cecil a nu } man summoned to attend mci M ho did not answei to his name was lined £2 2s for non attendance The same jin minn was fined in a smilai amount on Monda} last PHOFEV>OK PEPILK dein ei ed the second lecture of his elemental} «dence couue last ciening, at the Kangaioo Point State school befoie an audience which completcli filled the luge loom At the conclusion of the lectme anil dioiamns which followed it was unani niouJy agieed that the piofessoi «hould de lnoi a thud lecture in the same building Mi Swanwick proposed a loto of thanks to Piofcssoi Peppci, winch was caiiiccl bj accla- mation riicpiofcssoi will lectme to night at the State school, Hemmant and on Tuesday neNt by desne,at the Institute Hall Toowong IN. the Sum erne Couit }C3fcei Ci munal Sittings, Geoige Ljinc was found guilty of a capital offence and sentenced to death by his Hououi Mi Justice Hauling. William Keul was next aini"ned on a einige of shooting with intent to muulei but the en. dence foi the piosecution had not concluded w hen the com 11 ose At tho Cn ii Sittings, be foie Ins Honom the Chief Justice fiuther cn dence was taken in the cause of Ah Nui v. Newman Aa the Watei Police Court }csteidaj, befoie the police magisti ate, Chulés bulli ont, who pleaded guilty to the chai go of being diunk and disouleily on board the bnicmc Lizzie Ii edale, was hncd 10s . with the nltei natue of twoli e bonis in the cells AT the City Police Couit }estcidai, befoie the police ma0'isti ate and Mi J Haulgiaie(as pei lostei), also Messis Illiilgc and Spry, J"J P , Kichaid Blown, foi usiiu, pi of ano lan guage, was fined £1, with the altcinatue of twentj four hours m the cells and Susan Team», chaigcd on suspicion of larceny, was leintindcd till the following (tins) morning, foi production of endence Saiah Lawson sum moiled Joseph Cantluay foi using abusne language tonards hei on the 19th February, on the Toowong load, by winch a bleach of the peace might baie been occasioned Mi Poitei appealed foi the complain ant, and Mi lîiuce foi the defendant TWO witnesses were examined in support of the charge, and one witness who appealed to know nothing it all about the case was called in defence. The bench fined the defendant £3, to- gether with £1 1s. professional costs and 6s 6d costs of court, or fourteen days imprisonment in default Peter von Dohren summoned Henry Allen for hating on the 27th instant, at the liight mile Plains, threatened linn m these ii olds I will knock join brains out, and I mil make it hot foi ion ' Mi Poitei appealed foi the plaintiff mci Mi Dalb} fi i the defen d mt Aftei licai nig ci ldcncc on eitbei side, the bench oi dei ed the defendant to entei into his own lecognizance of £lo to keep the peace foi tinco months Al the sittings of the Petty Debts Com t j es toi da}, befoie Messis J Hudgi ne, W Hughes, and 1 Illidge, JJ P , in the defended case of J 1? Baxtei Biuco i "William Dart, semoi, which was leheaul, Mi Smith ap Scai eel foi the plaintiff In tin-, case Mi huco, as ailinmibtiatoi of the estate of the late Di "i oung sued defendant to i ccoi ei the sum of ill INS, mono} & i cooneel by linn fiomW M Kinnon, butchei, as lent foi the paddock belonging to the estate at tlio rate of 4= per week, and which he íefuscd to ilehici up to the idmim&tiatoi; 'lhc defence sot up was that Mi Colin Minno, agent foi the late Di Young had placed the paddock at the defen daut s disposal, and he fheiefoie eonsideied lu- ll as entitled to the money Aftei heming cn dence on eithci side, the bench gaie a leidict in fin oin of the plaintiff foi the amount claimed, with £4 4s pi ofessionnl costs and £2 \\\ ltnc-ses' expenses and costs o£ com t Ii is said that a new Goi eminent industnal msui ance scheme is to bo started m 3Sew Zen land, the main object being to bung lnsiuance within the lench of all b} gi anting policies foi anj amount fiom £5 upwnuls, with premiums pnj able by w cekl} instalments to be called foi by a collectoi An} body, b} p n ment of a few pence w cekly can seem e a pohc} pa} able to his family at lus death The picimunis lun as lou as 2d pei week Anothei now fcatine m the new scheme is that all pohc) hold« s will shai e m the piofits , and policies of the value of £.20 and upw ards, af tei existing tin ee j em s, can be suiicnuoieil foi cash oi foi afiee policy, on which no fiutlici pajments haic to be made The accounts of the industnal blanch aie to be kept entirely distinct and sepaiatc fioiu those of the oidinniy branch Sus the Wester n Sta, of 29th instant -" It is belieicd that one man lost his life dm mg the i ecent floods On Sunday morning ft boundaiy udci named Kean eniplo}cd at Mount Abundance while ciossing an unfie quentcd part of Chinchinbilla Creek came ui)on the lemains of a man l}ing at the foot of i piece of bl ashwood He immediate!} rode to the head station and gaie infoimation The police in Roma iieie at once connuiiiucated with, and the same da} Seigcant Burke and constable>agle iode outtothephec Thebody w as much decomposed, death liaiing endently taken place seieial weeks since 1 lorn appear- ances the police came to the conclusion that the deceased was a, tall man of middle age, han black but tin nmg gi a} He was chessed in tweed tiouseis blue pilot cloth coat, and woic bluchei boots with spins Thoiewasno appeal ance of nolence and the conclusion come to is tint dilling the wet weither of nie weeks ago deceased ii is ti ai ching fiom the dil ection oM\ allum Cicck to Borna but ins oi ertaken b} the floods and that in attempting to cio«-s Chinchinbilla Creek he was drowned. The boil} appealed to baie drifted with the eui lent and was caught bj the biushwood iiheie the lcmains ii eie found about a quartci of a mile below the place wheie the track ciosses the cieek The lemams weicmterrcd near wheie they wei e discoveied A iio&r; senous accident, and one which was lory ncaily pioung destiuctiic to human life, occuued (sa} s the Toowoomba Chionide) to the Roma down hain jester da j The tiain left Eoina at li o clock a m , and was pioccedmg at the rate of fiom twenty to twent} file males per horn At twenty minutes past 12 o clock, and when near the Macalister station, the coupling of the post office ian and the foin wheeled carnage behind it became, by some mean» unfastened. The i emit w as that the laige composite carriage next the guard's ian tilted against the smaller carnage in front of it and knocked it completely [off the hue, when it fell over and wnsbiokcn into fragments The smaller caí i îagc contained the llei 1 athel Byrne, of Dalb}, and sevcial othei passengers, but for túnate to iccoid, owing to the lei el nature of the country wheie the accident occurred, be yond a sever shaking, only one gentleman was senously injured, and he had his shoulder dislocated. The front compartment of the composite carriage contained the Hon. George Thom M LA who was almost buiicd with the debus of the nppei part of the carnage which fell upon him but bc}ond one or two biuises, ho sustained no wjiii} The hon. gentleman, with his usual nonchalance^ was about the most unconcerned at the accident, although he had a iori nanow escape indeed. Theicmninsof the smaller carnage were left wheie they were thrown some }aids from the line, and the composite carriage was brought on to Dalby and left there. The urjiucd passengers were brought on to Too- woomba, and lecened eieiy attention, medical and othei wise, M Inch was necessary uc aie infoimed by some of the iiassengers that the accident is due to the wa etched stat« of the peí minien t wa}, and the loose coupling between the post office ian and the other car inges No blame is attached eithci to the gund oi di n ci, and both exerted themsehes to the utmost when the accident occurred Fortunatel} foi all concerned the icodcnthap penned on a lei el poition of the lint but had the coupling become unfastened on a bndgo pi one of the high embankments, nothing could ha\e preientedn gicat «aenficoof human nie. Mr Joseph Benjamin, who was a pas-enger, infoinis us that at Warra he got out of the small« carnage into the composite me place where he sat ivas literally crushed m by the larger carriage, and had ho not liaie moi ed at Warra nothing could have sated in* life. 