LIFE IN NEW YORK. Lhe correspondent of tho Bendigo Advertiser . .writes: — Again we are atartled by a daring robbery, and when the horse is stolen we think of hutting the stable door. A lady about entering her own door, is seized bv a coudIo of robburs. and a pair of solitaires are pulled from her OBrs, valuod at SOO dol. They were nut torn out. Sho was not violently assaulied, in one sense; tho man took hold of her from behind and held her with' one arm, while he dexterously unclasped her rings with his free hand. There was no .straggle ; it was only the work of a minute, but by the time the lady raised an outcry, the thief was gone. This should be a lesson of the ori- minal - vanity of exposing themselves with jewels in their ears, which tempt the desperate .robbers, end may possibly ooat the wearers of jdiamonds their lives. The lady may be thank- cf<U.;that the robbers did not knook her -on the. .head with a sand-bBg, or break her skull with a -billy. The more daring the robbery, the safer the robbers from detection. .Several years ago the owner of a house on tFonrteenth-street was sweeping in front of his door; it was about eight o'clock in the morning plenty of people were passing at the time. Two thieves rushed up to him, seized his gold watch, and when he resisted killed him on the spot, and. have never been discovered to this day. . The -treasurer of the Planet Mills was knocked down at/four o'olock in the afternoon by four ruffians and robbed of-12,000 dol. and the robbers have escaped up to the present time. The secretary of a large brewery, on his way to the bank, at two o'clock in the afternoou, on the most pubho thoroughfare in the city, and in sight of hun dreds of people, was robbed of several thousand dollars, and not a due baa been discovered or a ant found. . Ladies walk down Broadway ovory afternoon whose outfit amounts to thousands of dollars. It is no uncommon thing for a ludy to wear a sealskin dolman or a camel's hair shawl, worth a thousand or fifteen hundred dollars. In her ears are diamonds worth anywhere from 600 dol. to 6000 dol. ; rings on her Bngers frequently worth quite as muoh more, nut to mention the laees and silk's that envelop this coatly piece of furniture ; and ae if this tempting display waa notonougb to. make a thief of. an honest .Than, she must carry her embroidered purse or her pooket-book in her band, and ' if she steps into Steward's, or Arnold and Constables', -to /buy a pair of gloves ora spool of silk, she "displays a roll of bills whioh would be a respectable capital fr a country bank. -No wonder they are robbed ;-rin faotj tha only wonder iB that ao many bf-the . ostentatious - fools - escape. What would be thought of a man who would exhibit himself' in this style ? And if you aBk them, Why not 1 they will tell you that a man ib expected to have more use than to make suoh a fool of himself. The lesson that this unfortunate lady reoeived is a ' wholesome one. If it serves to atop the lavish and- vulgar display to which we are rapidly tend ing, the lesson and the loss will not be without its aide, ' ' A sconb 'ooourred in a German saloon in Brooklyn the other night whioh is a commentary on our . boasted civilization, and whioh would have 'disgraced a lot of savages. A dissipated German artist went into a saloon, whioh, he was in the habit of frequenting,' and called for a glass of. beer. As he was already intoxicated, the pro prietor refused him, and offered him a. cup of Ooffee. fie raised the cup to his lips, and just as he tasted it he fell dead on the floor. Pending the investigation, the body lay on. the floor, oovered with a couple of newspapers. Close by the oorpse sat an old Frenchman,'- sipping his abainthe ; on the other side a couple of men "were playing cards, and in the -centre of the room the policeman, who was detailed to watch the body- till the arrival of the "coroner, had hie ooat off and was -busily engaged in a game of pool,- .'-Wild Oomanches could have done no worse ; and when the scone was' described to me by one who was present, I oould not help thinking that Brooklyn offered a", fine field for missionary labour. - . . 1 "'/7////V/ 7 / ' - . . A -Death -bed/ Scene.— Of all ; the - stories abput Mdlle. Sarah Bernhardt,: her,, experience in an hospital is surely the most remarkable. -The tragedienne waa it .waa'aaid/ anxious, for pur- posea of dramatic study, -to see some people wiio were on the point of death. She was taken- to the bed-side of a' girl who waa not expected to live more'than.a few minutea.' .Now, it. is need- leas to say the actress is not exactly the picture of fiuony health. ' Dressed in black, with a long pale-face, which :IVra /too. gallant': to call cada verous, the lady might give a fright' to a man of robust. nerves if he met her suddenly iu a lonely plScej" It is hot surprising that to the poor crea- ture- whose soul was just leaving her body this apparition af her bedside was appalling. " Ah ! I know you," she oried; " you are the angel of death.; you came the other day to take 'away one of my'neighbours ; but I am too young— I will not die.- - Begone, terrible speotre I'' and then in a.paroxysm of. fear the poor- thing died.- The actress fainted away at.the foot of the bed. . . It Wbs a dramatio tableau ahe could not have - con oeived in her wildest dreams. — Alts. - - - '-"-The total oostof the St. Gotbard tunnel; wliiih was opened last Sunday for the regular passage of trains, is 56,898,620 francs, something over L2, 240, ooo. . .. ; - . Tne following singular tale comes to us from "Holy Russia." For a month past, crowds have assembled in the square in/front of. the Cathedral of Kazan, attracted by the report that the ghost of the late Czar had been seen to enter and " to leave the Cathedral, - with -an aide-de camp, disappearing, in the crypt oL the ' shared building. The news of the marvel having been sent to Gatsahina, whore, the -Russian . Court is residing, the Czar gave orders that the two spectres should be . arrested. This, being done, it . was found that the supposed ghosts -were two men skilfully dressed up to represent the personages they .wished to pass themselves off as being.' The strangest part of the story, however, is the pro bability that the pretended ghosts. wore" part ; of a new plot against the life of the. Czar. : Relying on tlie superstition in the character of the/pre-, sent Czar, tho conspirators reckoned on his imi tation .Hamlet; and resolving to question- his lather's ghost/ While he coriversed'.'wilh' the supposed spirit, the. bolt of a trap door was to bo drawn, -when the Emperor would; fall- into the -vaults,- where his assassins awaited, him. '.The iooal journals have been instructed. to .say.'noth-. iiig of these disoovorias. — - - . .7--' , - vAn'incident illustrating the manner -in which Vhe'Sultan pays his debts comes from.Oohitanti'- /noble/, "A native qrtist who had studied iriTthe best'sphooi of Western Europe, web; ordered/to execute two paintings for his sovereign.'. They were delivered in duo oourse and graciously-ac knowledged — in words, not. money. - To refresh the' Sultan's memory the artist, after a time, sent his master another picture, and subsequently still another, both of which were accepted with flattering expressions, but neith. r was paid -for/ Jt lualiy WIS uuiuriuuaiu kct| biuuugti u nicuu at oourt, conveyed a delicate hint to tho'Sultan that money was sometimes desirable . as wcll as praise; Upon this the Sultan sent for him, and conferred upon him tho post of Director of the MuBOum of Antiquities at Stamboul Tho salary was only fifteen liras a month, but Abdul Hamid raised it to fifty and ordered that it should be jtiinotuaHy paid. The Sultan got the pictures whiph ho wanted and bankrupt Turkey pays the bill. ' 'Strangers at Seville, Ohio, are astonished when ii'iey see a house with doors ton feet high, and rerything else about it proportionate in size. Under a shed stouds an enormous carriage, ami on entering the building, muoli of tho furniture ia fonnd to be about twico as big us ordinary articles. This is the residence of Mr and Airs Bates, tho giants, who are fatnilar objocts in tho show world- They aro be. tween seven and a half and eight feet in height, and oo-ninon rooms and furniture are Jtoo small for them. ' „ The Rev Mr Spurgcon Bays in a Bermon on Family. Pride,' Remember, my friends, that we are all de scended from a common gardener, who was given what waa termed 'tbo sack.'" 