MR. FORBES ON » THE ARMIES OP EUROPE, r — ay At the Masonic Hall last craning Mr. Archibald Forbes, the celebrated war correspondent, de livered his third lecture, the subject being as above, " The Armies of Kuropo " embody. mg a view 01 uie ugnung strength ot ibe live great military powers of tho old world, and an estimate of tho value for offensive and defensive purposes of the British army. As oil the occasions of his admirable discourse on kings and princes he had met during hia journalistic career, the at tendance was exceedingly miinei-ona, erery Ecat being occupied lo the front of tho platform j ill fact several parties left tho ball on finding it so crowded, expressing their intention of " resefvfng themselves" for Wednesday night. Mr. Forbes, on entering the hnll, was en thusiastically welcomed. Having duly acknow ledged the cordial reception, he made an ex planation in reference to his absence from the excursion to tho. Blue Mountains and the Lithgovv Vnlley Zigzag, to which lie had been kindly invltqd, and in doing so exhibited something of thnt quaint hu'mour whicli occasion al ly manifests itself in his lecture?.' As a matter of fact, he had been forced to deny himself tho pleasure of that trip in consequence of indisposi tion, and he wrote an apology conveying thnt ex planation. However, a certain amount of badinage had been indulged in at iris expense on account of his absence, and although he did not object to this, yet he conceived that it might be liable lo mis construction— (laughter)— and jS he sincerely desired to retain the good opinion of the people of Sydney, ho thought it duo to himself to state tint he was now, and had been for the post two years, a total abstainer. (Laughter nnd applause.) , In beginning his lecture on " The Armies of Europe," Jlr. Forbes introduced bis subject by a humorous reference to the nbsence of extensive military demonstrations in America, remarking that on returning to tho European Continent from that country in Jtny of the previous year, he had travelled in company with n German officer, who expressed sur prise nt the fact that so great a power had so small an army, Soldiers were not frequently seen in the States, though a good few generals were met with in tho course of a visit through the country, and colonels were very plcntifut indeed. (Laughter.) By an easy transition the lecturer passed from the great Republic to the Conti nent swarming with armed forces, nnd before entering into details gave a general sketch, couched in elegant language, of the various countries ho had traversed, and the armed forces he had mot, briefly touching upon tho striking national characteristics of eneb, starting with the rcmnrkable military power " Across the Channel" (whom the Englishman of old was wont to de spise, but learnt to admire), and passing through tho rnnks of Germans, Austrinns, Russians, Spaniards, Italians, Belgians, Roumanians, nnd, finally, the Turks. His description of the peculiari ties of cnch of these armies, their physical types nnd uniforms was at once interesting and humour ous. He then passed on to speak of European wars, incidentally remarking on the great loss of life cnused by the sanguinary contests of the 19th century, which bad been accountable for tho death of over three million persons, and had, figuratively speaking, bathed all Europe in blood. Ha brought homo to the minds of his hearers very forcibly how sudden and startling had been the succession of these wars, by referring to tbo memorable opening of tho Crystal Pnlnce, which wns regarded ns a proclamation of peace among the nations. He had, he said, stood there ns a lad of 14 years of ngo, nnd he wns now not 15 ; yet he had witnessed since then mnny a field of carnage, and had stood on ono battle-field, wlinsn frhnctlv eiirfnnn urn a wlllt iU\f\ nnfi dead and wounded. lie then went on to describo the varied experiences he had gone through in this wise, keeping himself ns much as possible in tho background, conveying an exceedingly vivid, nnd at times almost painful, picture of the huge struggles of which lie had been an eye witness nnil n reporter. In rapid succession he sketched those wonders of modern warfare, which were distinguished from the wars of an early period by their "short, sharp, nnd decisive" character, nnd, in doing so, necessarily passed over some of tho ground which he hnd previously described, but this was scarcely notiaeable, for his lectures are remarkable for distinctive character and originality of expression. Having snid this much by way of general introduction, he started to deal with the numerical strength and systems of tho principal European powers, and gave tho audience a considerable amount of very useful information in a condensed form, in nddiiion to a highly in teresting account ot the peoples referred to. First, with regard to France, whose remarkable internal resources, and capacity to recover from great national shocks, have rendered her famous all the world over, ho pointed out that in Feb ruary, 1871, she had but tho ghost of an army, whilst to-day France possessed an army of 500,000 on a war footing, and the possible force she could bring into the field, under ber existing military system — that is by calling upon her total resources — represented 1,S10,000 men. Thus was France, numerically speaking, the third military power in Europe. In connection witli the system of making military service compulsory, the lecturer humour ously expressed n reflection that had occurred to him ns to wiiat kind of reception the proposal to introuuee sttcii a policy in mis colony would meet with, It was not a mailer of liability to bq called out to defend their country and their hearths and homes. Every patriotic citizen would respond to the call of duty at such a time. Citizen soldiership, as understood in Europe, mennt quite another thing. It meant that every man in the community, from tiie millionaire to the wharf labourer, must bo pre pared, as it were, to cut out of his iifo a slice of time, and give that slice to military service. (Laughter.) Reverting to the armies of Europe, he showed the percon'nge of those armies to the gross population of each of the nntions referred to, namely, France, Germany, Russia, Austria, nnd Italy. The combined population of the powers named was 238,000,000. The sum of theirnrmicaon a peace foot ing was 2,100,000, or 1 percent, of tho total popula tion ; on a wnr footing these armies, being called fortli lo fight, would swell to an nggregnto of 7,000,000, or 3 per cent, or the total population j while the entire military force, from all sources that might be called upon, would rcnch somcliiing like 14,000,000, or G per cent, of the gross popula tion of the five powers, Mr. Forbes ihen ontered upon an interesting calculation of the cost of theso enormous standing armies, on tho one hand, and the indirect cost to the nation of the compulsory system of service ; in the latter respect allowing bow much it might be reasonably supposed tbat each individual man would, in his chnructcr as a civilian, contribute by his labour to the wealth of the country during his term of service. Ho showed in the first place that Prussia expended a large sum in this way, and that France, in tho second, though her military system was less extensive, was even still more lavish, while the annunl expendi ture incurred for the maintenance of theso stand ing armies was something enormous, forming a large percentage on the gross revenue of tho several countries possessing them. Having thus given an idea of the expense attendant on the military systems of the five grcnt European powers, lie con tinued the description of their comparative numerical strength and working. He then gave nn elaborate and interesting description of the military system of United Germany, whioh ho characterised as the most perfect in the world, nnd at the same timo possessing the greatest resources. The standard army was 430,000 strong, but by tbe mobilisation of its reserves this country could bring into tho field four nnd a quarter million of men within n few days. Such was tho excellence of the system, by which all the districts in the Empire had their own citizen sol diery, forming what might he termed Beparato iirimuH, uim lucbuuuuiu uluiiuu uuuuueu i-vnuuuu uy the beat of drum. An explanation followed of how tliese reserve forces wero divided into separate grades ib- le.ngih of time to be served in each, an i !,..«, ... r' iwnonslbililies of the men as lluy pasred L.i.i (!' into another. These forces wore cxoiilcnl soldiers, ho (iho lecturer) had been an eye-witness of their remarkable discipline and intrepid courage in time of war ; and the excellence of the system whioh produced such remarkable military results was, liu added, principally due to the master mind of Mollke, tho greatest general that had lived Bince Napoleon Bonaparte drew his last breath on the rock of St. Helena. Having showed for what reasons tho French nrmy system was inferior to that of Germany, bo paid a graceful compliment to the undoubted bravery of the Frencli soldier, referring to their undaunted oourage during the Franco-German war, which oven tho knowledgo of their inevitable defeat failed to subdue. Ho next passed on to tho llussinn soldier (making a passing reference to the strength of the array, which was numerically great), and remarking that tho men were better than their officers, the highest of whom lacked some of the most ccscnlial qualities for military buccoss. Ho shortly referred to Austria, remarking that tho military system of tho country had greatly improved since tho collapse of 18GG ; touched briefly and happily on tho peculiarities of the Italians, and then referred to some of tho minor powers, his remarks on the Spaniards being very humorous, and creating no littlo merriment. He also spoke of Canada with its militia force of 70,000 ; and then enrno to the military strength of Great Britain, showing that it was insufficient under tho system at present in vogue to enable her lo compete with other great European powers witli the enormous standing armies ho had des cribed. On paper, the armed strength of Great Britain looked very respectable, being close on 700,000 men, but from this had to bo deducted the Indian forces, which were unavailable for service outside that Empire, and tho volunteers of Great Britain, who wore only snpposcd to do duly at home. The actual force remaining did not number more than 120,000 men, These were days of short warnings in time of war, and undor theso circum stances, when groat armies could bo brought into the field within a few days, England's wealth would not avail lior to any appreciable cxlont in n coolest with European powers ; and should such occur, he believed it would be followed by swift reorganisation' of her military sys tem, or total abandonni'ent ,of a policy of intcrfcrcnco with foreign affaire. Whilst he said this, he did not forget that he was c son of Britain, nnd n soldier, and did not spenx vi'iCh disparagement of the nrmy of his native land. Ho had simply drawn certain conclusions from facts, nnd from his personal experience. (Applause.) In conclusion, Jlr. Forbes said his profession was that of n wnr correspondent. As snob he realised tho grim truth that Europe was ono great field of armed men, and ho WB3 not likely to find himself out of employment for a century or two, (Laugh ter,) But he hoped tho day would be far distant vfben his services as a war correspondent would be again required. (Load applause.) The aboro Is necessarily a mere synopsis of tbe lecture,' which occupied nearly two hours in de livery, and being of the most interesting charac ter, was listened to throughout by n crowded audience with the closest attention,- and cvidont pleasure. Mr, Forbcs's next lecture promises to rival all the others. It is " Warriors I have Known" — with illustrations— nnd will be delivered to-morrow evening. 