TRUTH FROM THE GWYDIR. (To the Editor of the .Herald and Advocate.) SIR--,-Before now-and at as great a distance as Wanialda (somewhere about 300 miles) though instead of being from the ex treme north it has been from the remote south, to wit, the Murrumbidgeo-daty has appeared to direct me to seize pen and waste ink in order to honestly post you up in passing events in that'far removed and, at that time, bustling scene-Temora, so once again, that you may have truth, I write. I say that you may have truth, and verily so, for before me lie two copies of the good old Herald and Advocate, dated re spectively 1st and 2nd December, each con taining something about the Gwydir electo 'rate. Please quote, "Mr. T. Hassall, of Morce, in response, etc . . ... has consented to contest this electorate. -. A large and influential committee is beings formed to secure his return, and being a' well.known local man, with libcral views On the land question, his success is looked upon as certain." Again, Mr. VW. R. Camp bell, the late member, is likely to have a walkocer for the vamoi." (The italics are mine. Well, sir, whoever, wrote either of these, and especially the latter, surely knew but little concerning his subject. W. E. Campbell. as you knonr, represented the Gwydir, and is seeking re-election, but most surely will not have a walk over. His opponent is Mr. T. Hassall, not at all a " well-known " man, if we except round about his own selection at Moree; and, as to being a " local " man, well, so is W. R. Campbell (as the term is here used), and yet a member might be "local," and still be a vericable foreigner to half his electors so far as living within 1SO miles of them, and living inside tke bounds of the Gwydir electorate are concerned. Why, bless you our--I don't live at Newcastle now-elec torate is larger by far than many of the independent kingdoms of Europe, so that to speak of a man being "local" is foolish ness. Further, the paragraph says, " With liberal views..on the land. question." Liberal views ! Alack aday! Here are a few points: "Free selection before survey; local land boards to be elected by persons holding forty acres and over,- and to con sist of five or six membeis, one being a licensed surveyor nominated by the Crown." Keep your eye, Mr. Editor, on this nominee, and remember he will reeeive all applications for land, visit, report, and dear knows what, save that the present evils will be increased tenfold. Of course, Mr. Hassall must run with the hounds somewhere, hence, " Lands of the colony to be divided into two classes. Areas to be:of such a size. Payments so and-so" Abolition of mineral conditional purchases. Freedom of access to all natural water-courses. Compulsion in fencing re serves." When! Whose! That hideous ghost! "I am, gentlemen, in favour of re mission of interesti' Is this a "liberal " candidate P Just fancy, free selection be fore survey, that nominee business, and last, the grim skeleton, remission of interest as the views of an aspirant to Parliament, whose "success is looked upon as certain." Why, sir, this is Sir John to the second power. or the whole Ministry squared, which is the same thing. Nay, sir, we now have a man'who, had he wished, could have gone in flying for East Sydney, a man fearless as your Fletcher (and that means much) and as intelligent too, namely, W. R. Campbell, and is it to be supposed that, knowing his worth, as likewise his weight on the Oppo sition, the electors of the Gwydir will forsake and reject genuine statesmanship / for flash talk, bombastic nonsense, and wcn / out notions ? Of course not; then, s, he : sure that W. R. Campbell will, o' Wed nesday, the 13th instant, be ,e-elected., HIe is'one of the coming men,.ptid to him, perhaps, more thazi to any other is due the honor of having so worked up the Opposi tron, that overhoard went the loaves and \ fishes knights. Every weekrquite regularly we are having fine rains The district, however, was so very parched that continued rain is needed.-Yours truly, S Wmr. Ross. Warialda, Pth Dejember, 1882. 