EPICUREAN FEASTS. " Lounger" in tie HeroM discuses as nriaer:';, ;'1" W ' / ' ' The other day the Scv. g. Macfarlane, a missionary of twenty-four years' experience in New Guinea, gave hs some interesting information concerning the - progress of evangelical work among the interesting heathen oi that -vast island. 'Among other items the reverend -gentleman uaid that tie natives were cannibals . He jkpceeded to give some cheerful - fflnstrafionB of their testes in the direction Of' rnan"e<itiiig. ' _He said that it was customary for the natives to break "the legs and arms of their captives and keep (hem for their, feasts. A party of fifty men who had eseaped from New. CaJe-j "doniahadlandedhpoh (nmbf the islands in. the vicinity of New GSinBa - The savages bad a, rare"- time" with / Jhese . succulent Frenchmen; who "wereiilled off at the rate ?0f eight per ifoy 'to /nerrefor hrar banquets. Fancy toe state of : mind of those who awaited torir tnm-enned like cattle, end spectators of toriroomrades' fate 1 Conceive how each -poor fellow's .heart wMdd .beat as the jcbief rcame around'Ond flnnchedarid felt the dbddy ; of toe captives f In -order to ascertain wbp' were'-best ,fitteflafor ; tiie spit or ovem -' I remember reading -of an in the most Epicurian fashion. A circular fire was built, and two Chinamen were bound back to back, and plaoed in toe centre of the circle. Amusement was afforded to the gourmets by toe ludicrous efforts of each celestial to escape the intolerable heat. The two unhappy wretches rolled over and over, each pushing the other towards tbe fire which faced them, until at last, thus slowly cooked to a turn, they gave up toe ghost, and were dished for toe banquet. This Srocess after all has its parallel in Europe, a Alsace I believe they enlarge toe livers of geese by subjecting the wretched birds to a terrible heat, and so induce toem to drink great quantities of water, which has the effect of producing the livers which constitute the principal element of pate ce foie gras. It is the mere difference, after all, of geese and Chinamen, and we should not be too bard upon those children of nature who indulge in luxuries which in some sort are akin to those affected by an enlightened civilisation. 