Irommmt iiAEBlKTNS AND THE LASH. THOUGH the larrikins have been on their good behaviour in Melbourne and been "playing up" at Jang Jang, Kynetbn, Sandhurst, and other parts of the colony, and this has caused the advocates of the lash to insist with more impatience than ever on the adoption of that mode of punishment. Nothing else, %hey aver, will strike terror into the jbearts of the larrikins. But at the very time, they are declaring this to be the Case they complain that the magistrates stipendiary and honorary, deal too leni- .ently.'with the larrikins brought before them. Zf this be the case, and there seems no reason to doubt it, surely it cannot be aaid that the available means for correcting the evil have been tried and found .'wanting. In a few instances adequate punishment has been indicted under the existing law. Indeed, it seemed ^to us ' that in one instance— •that of Gorman, sentenced to five years .'imprisonment with hard labour—justice •was not tempered with mercy. But cases of the kind being exceptional, those who object to the use of the lash should unite to have the law as it stands administered with necessary severity. It seems' to us that if that were done there would be no occasion to ressort to the brutal and inhuman punishment of the lash. If the larrikins were sent to gaol for 'longer periods, and at intervals during their term of imprisonment were kept in solitary confinement on bread and water, .the tale they would have to tell on their release would deter th^ir companions -from rendering themselves liable to similar punishment. That treatment has not been tried, and till it has been, -and has been found ineffectual for the suppression of the evil there could be no " justification for resorting to the use of the lash. That instrument of torture would certainly effect thepurposein view, but Whilst checking larrikinism it would in our opinion have the effect of driving . many young men into the lowest ranks of crime. By having recourse to the lash we should diminish the number of light offences, and add to the number of that . desperate class of criminals, who during \- their lifetime prey on society vindictively and remorselessly. Under that change our condition would not be improved. On the police court sheet there would be fewer entries, but the calendar of serious crimes would be longer and much more alarming. THE character of the THE ENGLISH English people has been CHARACTER, attracting attention for some years pabt. Outside England it has been described as deteriorating, but those concerned n&turtiily; ascribed that unfavourable opinion ,to,'prejudices of race or religion, or to •both combined. It is remarkable that Since England reached her highest point bf commercial greatnees, that decline in the character of her people to which we •allude has been attracting serious attention. The Bame thing occurred in other nations, under similar circumstances. J&tbr; reaching the zenith of their power, commercial and military, their decline commenced, and it was then observed that the high state of civilisation, in a material sense, which had been induced by their prosperity, brought about a corruption of morals and national decay. England's commercial supremacy is at end beyond the possibility of revival. ' Her best customers can now. do for themselves what she alone at one time could do for them. Some of these have even outstripped her in skill, and successfully compete with her in distant inarkets. But it is a still more serious change that the nations who have learned to rely on their own skill, industry, and resources are, as if by common consent, shutting her out from their home markets. Even her own colonies are doing so, and she is obliged to turn her attention to the strange and half-known places of the earth in search of customers for .the stocks which glut her warehouses. 'Since Waterloo, England has given no proof of her ancient military prowess, -and under the new conditions of naval -warfare she has not been tried. The Crimea is only memorable for British ljungling and French good faith, •arid in the numerous little wars id "which England has been engaged she has not Bignalised herself. Without refeiring particularly to retreats in India ,#nd, defeats in South Africa, this will be 'understood. It is therefore re- ' markable that whilst' her power, in a material sense appears to be declining and' her prestige to be waning, the •character of her people is said to be deteriorating. Among her own sons there are witnesses to the latter fact. The Fall Mall Gazette deplores the want of manlinesB in the modern Briton, aftd saya that the character he once bore wonld not fit him now. The daily issues of the English papers contain black pictures of English ruffianism and brutality among the lower orders, and those journals which give their attention to the doings of the npper classes do not depict a condition oi lily white parity. There is evidently a decay of morals and of manners, and a general national retrogression which bodes trouble and humiliation. As a rule, secular 8MAB.T EOT SILLY, journals should not meddle with theological questions. When they do so they usually muddle the business. More especially is this the case with reference to Australian journals of that character. There are some English Protestant papers which are known to be capable of clearly apprehending the points involved in a theological question, and incapable of misrepresenting these for any purpose whatever. Bat there are no journals of that class in Australia. They are of a much lower stamp both in intelligence and in principle. They have no high character which has to be jealously tnain? tained. They have no high standard up to which they must keep. As there is no educated, influential, and special class of readers, whose tastes, opinions, and judgment, they must respect, they may be guilty of the most flagrant unfairness, display the densest ignorance or. commit the most ridiculous follies without subjecting themselves to wholesome censure. We have been tempted to draw the contrast by the flippant and silly manner in which the Australasian deals with the Sydney burial case. It would be smart even at the risk of being thought ignorant:—"It does appear, however, that the futurefate of believers ought not to be subject to such serious errors as this on the part of an infallible church." If the writer of that silly remark were at all competent to discuss the question he would know that according to the Catholic Church the fate of saint or sinner cannot be affected by anything done or left undone after death. The fate of the deceased for all eternity is before that determined. And if 'the critic knew anything of the doctrine to which he refers in his allusion to an infallible church, he could not have fallen into the egregious nonsense at which so many Catholics must have been laughing heartily. After this an encomium pftssbd on Mr. Eitzpatrick by Dr. Coletti is quoted and it is asked:—" But if Mr. Fitzpatricfe was all that Dr. Ooletti says he was, what is the Rev. Prior Butler, who publicly insinuated that the offices of the church were denied to Mr. Fitzpatrick on account of his living ' a sinful course of life ?'" The Catholic authorities could not act upon the mere opinion of any priest as to the character of a deceased person. But such a person might have been all Dr. Coletti described, and yet not be entitled to the last rites of the Church. A man might havebeen "afaithful public servant and estimable citizen, a capable politician, a good father, a man who bad always been well disposed to the church," and yet'not be entitled after death to recognition as a member of the Church. There are many such men in the world, 'men-who, whilst professing to be well disposed to the church, |do not yield obedience to it or conform to its rules of membership, and theBe are outside its pale. Fortunately Mr. Fitzpatriok was not,, but his possession of those good qualities, ascribed-to him by Dc. Coletti, would not be sufficient to Secure forhim that recognition. The' Vary'Rev. Prior Butler's remarks weris founded on a supposititious case. He was expounding the doctrine of the Church on a point then under public notice, and he instanced a case in which burial rites could not be granted. He justified the actionrof the Church in all cases of the kind, sad where the conditions happen nbt to be as be described, his Tematks could not, of oourse, apply to such a case. : Oavill6rs are but beating the air when they ignore the principles on which the. rule reBts,'ahd confine their attentionio conditions to which it does not apply. . i ; PKINQE BISMABCK •WHAT A OHAFFGBJ is said, to baye remonstrated with the Italian Government respecting the position of the Pope, and to have asked for some ~ explanations on the subject. W«-are noti3o incredulous as to believe that the German Chancellor has done this from anylove of the Holy Father. The leopard' does not change his skin. 8t. Paul tvas a persecutor of the Church at one time, bat he wept out his «ns before he became an apostle. There were no great political or State reasons for his conversion, He put ashes on his head as a sign of penitence ; but Bismarck is etill contending for the retention of power and glory in Ms hands. He wants the support of the party whom he persecuted to enable him to resist the party who urged him to persecute. He wants the support of the Eight, and of the avowed Catholic leaders to enable him to resist Radicals and the spread of socialism. Bitter experience has taught him that the principles for which the Papacy claimed respect most be upheld, both in the interest of princes and people. He has been forced to recognise the fact that there is no security for the preservation of society but in the maintenance of these principles, and hence his new-born interest in the Papacy. However, from whatever motive he is acting, for him, so strange a part we are not disposed to set a light value on his mediation. It has already produced fruit, for the King of Italy is said to have given assurances that the spiritual supremacy of the Pope will be respected. This may be an answer to those who demand that the guarantees shall be withdrawn, or it may hypocriti cally mean nothing whatever. The spiritualindependence of the Pope is a very vague term, which, in the interpretation put upon it may so far restrict the freedom of the Vatican as to render the Pope's position even still more intolerable than it now is. However, it is evident that the Italian Government does not tbink it well to slight Bismarck's hint, and from this the Radicals will learn that tbey are not at liberty to adopt those extreme measures which they had been threatening. FOR extravagance and A POLITICAL bombastinpublicspeak JUGGLER, ing there is nothing to beat the following remarks from Sir Henry Parkes, in his valedictory address:— Supposing that G-od, in His mercy, may vouchsafe that I may liro in health and strength for another 10 years, I would not give that ten years for the his tori cal glory of the First Napoleon. (Cheers.] I believe, and I say it openly amongst my friends, and in a place where it will reach the ears of my opponents, that I will establish for myself a stronger hold upon the affections of my Australian friends in the next 10 years than the proudest warrior in the old world ever-attained. I see, as by a vision of propbecy, what great advances will be made in this part of the world in the next decade. It is not in the grasp of ordinary wisdom to lay hold of the great things that will be accomplished before the, year 1891; and in the ordinary course of fife I may live to take part in that, and I would not relinquish that privilege for the highest privilege possessed by the most eminent man in the wide world. Do not think I am speak' ing in the language of extravagance. ] weigh well every word I say, and I say this to assure you that La leaving this country, I leave with the most fervent hope to return to assist in moulding the deBtiny of my adopted country. I have told you that we cannot very well reply upon what we have accomplished ifl our' political life. I do not wish to say one word about it beyond the allusions I. have . already made. I leave it for others to speak of, and thiB gathering to-night assures me that I leave it in safe hands; hut I may perhaps tell yon of what I intend to.do, or what I intend to assist others in doiug, which means very much the same thing 1 . Well, I intend, if God' spares' me, to make this city of Sydney so altered in all its conditions of life that the people in the next 10 years will not know it as the city of to-day. Amongst Sir Henry's listeners thers must have been some men of plain common sense, bdf his boundless effrontery and brazen contempt..fQr_the intelligence of others appears to have cast a spell over the minds of all his auditors. He was trifling with them to their faces and playing upon their credulity just. as openly as the showman of a penny gaff plays that part. Yet the self-respect of not one of those present was hurt by such an exhibition of hypocrisy and charlatanism! The very idea of a trickster like Sir Henry Parkes instituting a comparison of auy kind between himself and the first Napoleon presents the most exaggerated idea of the ludicrous, and yet, amongst the flatterers and golemouches present, there was not one, we should say, who would not have opened his mouth still wider had the political juggler before them compared himself to Augustus Caesar and referred to the Ktama Ghost aahis familiar spirit. FOr a'Harlequin in politics his career has certainly been most sacoessful. Treachery never before succeeded so well as in his ca&e.; Brazen, naked effrontery wag never'before so well rewarded. He iiaa kept himself in the front by always deserting the falling and joining the rising party. He has steadily kept his eye on the political weathercock and by trimming bis sails accordingly. has kept himself almost constantly ia political sunshine at the cost of those whom he deserted and betrayed. He was liberal and tolerant when liberality and toleration were the ways,to<power, and pelf. He became bigoted and intolerant when by that game he could make most. He was disloyal and turgid in his addresses when his hearers had-a stomach for such fare; but when addressing a different audience at another time he was fervidly loyal, and deemed no service too mean—not even that of spy —to convince the people that he was attached to the crown and dominion which he had formerly contemptuously floated. In bis public career be has displayed much cleverness, but his cleverness has been solely directed to benefit himself, and in devotedly adhering to' that first principle of his political career he has never been known to betray the possesion of a conscience, or the slightest reluctance at sacrificing friends for the promotion of his own interest®. It has never appeared • that he possessed a single virtue of those which ennoble a public man, and among the vices which, disfigure bis public character treachery and ingratitude are the most conspicuous. 