A Oliat with Longfellow. (By a CoEBBjSPOKDaiTT op 'The London- Times.') I first made the acquaintance of Mr. Longfellow at Naples. We chanced to be neighbours at a table d'hote, when, after some slight conversation on general topics, the poet revealed himself. In truth, the author of ' Evangeline '. wanted but little prompting to announce ki« unquestioned titles to the public esteem and veneration. tian Andersen. Both the men knew they had genius, as a pretty woman knows she has beauty, and they were too thoroughly children of nature to care about concealing their good opinion of themselves. Those who remember the lives of Wolfe and Nelson will be aware that this amiable self-consciousness is not characteristic only of literary genius. It transpired in the course of our discussing macaroni and other things that Mr. Longfellow had planned an excursion to Vesuvius ior tne toiiowing day. I was hesitating to offer myself as a companion when he invited me to join him. I was all the more glad to de so on learning that the party was to include* three pretty Ameri can ladies from Boston. We started next morning in two open carriages, myself having the good luck to be with the poet and two of the fair Bos tonians. It was a day such as the untravelled Englishman has never enjoyed and can barely conceive j the brightest July weather of Devon shire would have seemed murky beside the crys talline transparency of the Neapolitan air. The sun, indeed, blazed fiercely ; but a breeze from the sea enabled us to realise Mr. Matthew Arnold's ideal combination of sweetness and freshness with light. Mr. Longfellow was in V-ia happiest vein ; he talked incessantly, though not in the encroaching manner of Coleridge and Macaulay. I had plenty of opportunity of inter polating remarks and questions, while the ladies also stimulated the poet with their vivacious and thoroughly transatlantic urattle. Mr. Charles Eeade laughs at the idea of an author's character being discovered by what he has written, but in that opinion there is assuredly ?some error. In Mr. Longfellow, at all events, I could see no difference between the poet and the pleasant elderly gentleman who waa discoursing j gaily on all things in heaven and earth ; and, as I listened, a sufficiently obvious reflection was forced upon me: What waa this most perfect product of American civilization but a serious, severe — I had almost said bigoted — Conserva- tive, and a most fervent Christian ? Long fellow's talk was his poetry rendered into flowing prose. I conjured up Paul Fleming in 'Hyperion,' and, at length, mustered courage to ask : ' Was Paul Fleming a character drawn front life P ' He paused a full half minute, then answered exactly in the following words : — ' He was what I thought I might have been ; but I never ? ' he shaded his face with one hand and did not complete the sentence. From the sadness of the poef?s tone I conjectured that there was some im plied confession of failure in .Ms reticence. I guessed that he was struggling between the natural humility of a religious man and the un willingness of a well-bred man to intrude the sorrows of his mind upon others. Mr. Long fellow was right : he never attained to those cold heights on. which he had placed the creation of his fancy ; he found a bettetresting-place. The younger of the ladies, feeling herself privileged, asked him to recite one of his own poems — a request with which he laughingly agreed to con- ply, /'if,' he added, 'I-can remember one accu rately.' The same thought came simultaneously to all three of us. ' We will prompt you,' we said, at which, I am bound to «ay, the poet coloured with pleasure. ' Well, which shall it be P' he next asked. One of the fair Bostonians selected 'The Belfry of Bruges/' another the ' Psalm of Life.' I begged Kim to recite ' The Hymn of the Moravian Nuns,' on the consecra tion of Bulaski's banner. ' Ah,' he said, ' that is one of my favourites — if a man can be said to have a favourite auong his own poems.' Pos sibly out of compliment to my being an English man, he volunteered the lines on Wellington, ?which I think are headed' The Warden' in the printed collection of his works. It is not one of V»* best efforts ; but his manner of reciting it gave it the kind of tune which often immortalizes a poor song. Then we had the closing lines of ' Evan geline,' John Alden's courtship in ' Miles Sbandish/' and some fragments of 'The Chil *dren of the Lord's Supper,' gravely and patheti cally rendered. I asked hun how long he had taken to compose the ' Golden Legend.' He replied, ' iteeems easy, doesn't it?' I answered that I thought the writer must have absolutely saturated bis mind with medieval literature, especially with monkish legends 'and hymns, after which,-! supposed, the composition of the poem must have been comparatively easy. ' Well,' he rejoined, 'you are about right. The first draft I did. in four weeks — not counting the Sundays — I don't like to work on Sundays — not even to write ahymn. Butlspentaboutsix months correcting — and cuttingdown-' The dashes in frTnn little speech stand for the pauses eo frequent in Mr. Longfellow's utterances — pauses which were the result of constant introspection. One fancied the poet had been asking his conscience whether he had been telling the truth and nothing but the truth. A terribly exact man in moral deal ings with himEelf-^afraid even of an inaccuracy which might possibly cause a fellow man to make a mistake 20 years after. At luncheon that marvel of birds and litest to a black swan, a Frenchman, who enjoyed and understood English literature, cried out gaily to Longfellow, ' You have no business to beaEe publican ! You like Baldwin, 'Bras deFer,' and Maximilian, and the old Popes better than any of your ephemeral Presidents.' *' I won't take advantage of you,' was Longfellow's answer, ' by pointing out that Republics are at least as old as Monarchies ; but consider, the past -which, we now glorify was -once as prosaic as the present. Hereafter we shall be the past, and better judged than we have judgedonrselves.' He was somewhat solemn as he made this little preachment ; and the last words he spoke with much pathos, as though feeling that he tiiiwcAlf was a great part of that present which must eventually be the past, and for which he predicted a just judgment from posterity. . We lunched at a small inn on the side of Vesuvius, where the wine, by the way, was not of a Mndto fire a poet5* fancy. After this we went to «niff and sneeze, in the usual way of tourists, over the sulphurous gases of the water, suggesting a poem on Empedocles and wondering what rhymes Longfellow could hammer out for the name of this 'young man* with the indestructible . boots,'' as the poet called him. It will be remembered that Mount JEfcna threw up one of his sandals and thus revealed the manner of bis death. Our Trench companion was busy with a paradox of hie own as to Empedocles having been a young shoemaker nobly -desirous of advertising the wares of bis father's shop, a I'Americaine — £,«., regardless of cost; and we were -about to descend the steeps, laughing over this fancy, when, to our con siderable dismay, Mr. Longfellow expressed bis; intention of spending the' night upon the moun tain. Within.a short distance of the crater, then only smouldering with occasional unsavoury whiffs and puffs, stood a ruined plank- shed, used in fine weather by a screaming old woman who sold ortmtTipn-ty made of lava, and: this place it was that tie poet chose for his vigiL Without a smile on bis face, he said, ' I want to gather poetic impressions.' We looked be comingly eerious and only begged tote permitted to keep Trat»h vith Mm. 'Ub,' with two or three abates of the head, ' I moot be alone.'V A. whispered consultation between gome members of the party followed. 'He is quite in earnest and must do as ie pleases,' eaid a brother of the fair Bostonians, &nd; be added that there was no danger ; joef then of the greatest of Americjaai poets jneeting with tliejpame fate ae thefyi-nnger Pliny. ' But ifce brigands ?' sttggested W- Frenchman. ''Dear r|^|::--|iei-.-wai- tcrtA1«aich» dreadful cold** ^«Tnnie1a 'ifir one of the' ladies. Finally, we decided to leave the poet to bis reveries, after Ordering , a Maltese courier to stand sentinel unobserved, within bail? Ing distance. - It is probable that this courier fulfilled, at least, the half of his duties faithfully, for his presence was certainly never noticed by Mr. Longfellow. The author of '?Excelsior*' turned up in the morning, looking none the worse for his night3 s frolic with the ghosts of Herculaneum and Pompeii; but he persistently parried every question put to Mm as'! to whether he had found ' inspiration.' All he j would say was that, on coming down from the | mountain, he had been requested by a gendarme to exhibit his passport, and, being unable to pro duce this document, he had been nearly marched off to the police 'Station. ' I purchased my liberty for two lire,' he remarked, smiling; 'the price of that commodity has decreased since Ccbut de Lion's time.' 