LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. TtintsnAY, OcTouEtt 19. The Speaker took the chair at half-past 1 o'clock. Ut'EfiTlOX.s. Sir HENRY PARKES stated, in reply to Mr. l'oreter, that in tho opinion of tho Police Magistrate at Wagga Wagga, tho man M'GIede was not entitled to anything from the Government as compensation to him for loss or damage from the Moonlight gang of bushrangers, Mr. WATSON stated, in reply to Mr. Garrard, that j he was not aware of any proposition having been made to the Government to establishment a manu factory for explosives at the Nepean watershed. The : .Storage of Gunpowder Board thought the establish- I incur of a local manufactory would afford additional | safety to the public, on tbo reduction in the quantity that would be stored in the magazines. Mr. LACKEY stated, in reply to Mr. Gerrard, that j the Iron Cove bridge would be opened on the 1st No vember. Mr. W. J, FOSTER stated, in reply to Mr, Buchanan, that the number of cases set down for trial in the Supreme Court, and not hoard, wero :n- Hanco, 23 Jury Court, 25 ; total, -19. The number uf eases which stood over daring daring the term immediately before a fifth judge was appointed, was Id. Two acting judges had been unpointed during the present assizes. The matter of increasing tlie present salaries of the Supreme Court judges was under consideration. Sir JOHN ROBERTSON stated, in reply to Mr. Davies, that he was aware that a Mr. Anderson had taken possession oi 200 acres of Crown lands at Middle Harbour for an Artizans' Working College and Agricultural Training School. Mr. Anderson was understood to be in possession on no legal authority, but bad merely taken possession as a master under a committee of gentlemen, of whom Sir Alfred Stephen and others were managers. A large deputation waited upon him when he was Minister for Public Instruction, from which time tho matter of holding the land had been undisturbed, upon the understanding that Sir Alfred Stephen should introduce a Bill' in order that the will of Parliament might be taken. He understood tbat his bon. colleague, the Colonial Secretary, had taken action in reference to the matter of tho management and treatment of the boys employed in the institution. Sir HENRY PARKES stated, in reply to Mr. William Forster, with regard to the Garden Palace watchmen, that one constable was employed at and before tho time the building was handed over by tho Commissioner to the Colonial Architect, on day and night duty. A day caretaker was also employed ; a fireman had been employed, but was discharged about tho beginning of the previous October. Sir HENRY PAltKES stated, in reply to Mr. Roid, that he was commissioned by the Government of the colony, and some of the other colonies, to endeavour, during his recent visit to the United States, to bring about the repeal of the American duty upon Austra lian wool. As soon as he could obtain the requisite leisure from other duties, he would write a circular letter describing what had been done in the matter. Sir HENRY PARKES Btated, in reply to Mr. Reid, with reference to the Garden Palace ruins, that as soon as tho preliminary matters were disposed of, no time would bo lost in clearing away the debris. Mr. JAMES WATSON stated, in reply to Mr. Rcid, tbat the new electric light at the South Head wonld bo ready for use shortly. Mr. LACKEY stated, in reply to Mr. Vaughn, that tenders would bo invited in a week for the bridge over Sandy Creek, on tho road from Grenfell to 'Femora, at Ryan's Crossing. Sir HENRY PARKES stated, in reply to Mr. Barton, that the salaries of Civil servants in the interior were under consideration, and Bome steps had been taken in consequence of the high price of provisions. Dr. RENWICK stated, In reply to Mr. Quin, tbat the rabbit pest was continuing to spread in the south western portion of the colony. Mr. LACKEY stated, in reply to Mr. Gannon, that wattles wero being Bown along tho southern, lino of railway by the Government, to increase tho supply of bark for industrial purposes. Mr. WATSON stated, in reply to Mr. Gar van, that the wharfage rates at Circular Quay wero tbo Bamo as at private wbnrfs. Ho was aware tbat more favour able rebates were allowed at private wharfs thaa at the Circular Quay. Some needful alterations in the system wonld be effected at an early date, ROTTON'B ESTATE BILL. Mr. COMBES presented a petition from the exe cutors and trustees of the will of Henry Rotton, asking leave to bring in a Bill to enable them to sell and grant mining leases of certain lands devised by tlie will. Received. paters. There were laid upon the table Regulations under the Customs Regulation Act of 1S-79 j corres pondence respecting the engagement of a lady prin cipal for the Female Training School, Hurlstone. The papers were ordered to bo printed. A t.IlUR Y GAS COMPANY'S I1II.L. Mr. DAY presented a petition from the directors of tbo Albury Ga3 Company, Limited, asking leave to introduce a Bill to enable them to construct gas works within the town and suburbs of Albury. Received. IiniDGK TO CONNnCT KVtlXEV ANI) NORTH SHOE?. Mr. BYRNES moved — "That the correspondence, letters, Ac., relating to the erection of this bridge be laid apon the table." Agreed to. ' PRIVILEGE. Mr. .T. P, ABBOTT complained that The Sydney Jini/yTsleyrayh had misreported him in that "day's isene, in reference to Clause 3IO of the Criminal Law Amendmen t Bill. " What he meant was that as Mr. Melville might be an agent, in his case embezzlement would be an impossibility. His idea as to the ap pointment of agents was their irresponsible character. The courts could not supervise ap pointments as agents, as they could not supervise appointments of Justices of the Peace. To his own knowledge a roan had lately been appointed a Justice of the Peace who had yet to stand hictrial for murder." What he did say was that tbe Courts could not supervise tho agents, and the fact that they were to be recommended by clergymen and others was not a sufficient guarantee that they were respectable ami well-conducted persons. He was reported to have said that a man had lately been appointed a Justice of the Peace while be vet had to stand bis trial for murder. What be really did. say was that a certain person who had been appointed a Justice of tbo Pence bad, many years ago, been concerned in a case of murder of some blacks in the northern district, and for which mnrder several people had been executed. He denied having said that tbe person he referred to- had yet to stand his trial for murder. It appearcd'to him to be a monstrous thing tbat any reporter should be allowed to put into the mouth of a member words which lie bad never uttered. As those members who were present knew, he had not said what wns attribu ted to liiin j and as tliey nil knew, be cared' very little for anything The Sydney Daily Teleyrayl aaid about him. TnE NEW LAND 11ILL. Mr. STUAlt'i' said he understood that the lion, the Minister for Lands intended to Lake the second read ing of the Land Rill in a fortnight. He wonld bo glad if the Minister would postpone it, anu'takc it in three weeks' time, to suit the convenience of country members. Sir JOHN ROBERTSON said he had nonobjection, and would take the second reading that night three weeks. (Hear, hear.) mil DUE TO NORTH SHORE. Mr. BYRNES moved for copies of all correspon dence and letters with reference to tho erection of a bridge between Sydney and the North Slioro, Agreed to. CONGREGATIONAL UNION HILL. This Bill was received from the Legislative Coun cil, read a first time, and the second reading fixed for Friday week. CRIMINAL LAW AMENDMENT RILL. The House went into committee on this Bill, Clause .".11 — Affirmation by witnesses, wan struck out. Clause 312— Declaration may be made in lieu of oath in certain cases, was struck out. Oh clause 383 — Proceedings thereon, Mr. WISDOM moved the insertion of the words, " judge or " before tbe word " justice." Agreed to. On clause 1 15 — Provision substituted for forfeiture in felonies, Mr. WISDOM moved that the words 11 amounting to £500, or any less amount " he omitted, and that the words, "not exceeding £50(J," bo inserted in stead. Agreed to. On clause 117 — Not to extend to wife, Mr. WISDOM moved the addition of the following words — " Provided that for the maintenance of her self and her children, or for enforcing tho payment of wages earned by her or them, or the recovery of pro perty to which she may be entitled, or for damages tor any personal injury the wife of every such offender, while under disability, may maintain auy suit or action ; and anyRiroperty acquired by lier since her husband's conviction, may, in an indict ment, be described as tbe property oi the wife, as if she were unmarried." Mr. M'LAUGULIN pointed out that the wife could sue in the name of her husband. The motion was agreed to. Clause 121 was passed. On clause -139 — When appeal allowed, Mr. PIGOTT moved the omission of the words ' whore the sum adjudged to be paid on any sum mary conviction exceeds £5, or where imprisonment is adjudged," and tlie insertion of the words ' of summary conviction.',' Mr. WISDOM couscnted. The motion was carried. On clause 1 "if — As to conducting defences r.t trial, Mr. TBICKETT moved the insertion of tho words " or attorney" after the word ' counsel." The motion was carried. Mr. WISDOM moved, that a new clause to be numbered 75, making it penal to attempt to or to kill or wound deer upon inclosed land, and to take or kill hares upon inclosed land in the night-time, the punishment being one year's imprisonment. Mr. FLETCHER said it was impossible to keep deer or liares within the owner's enclosures. They would wander everywhere. If, however, owners kept tfiem within a secure enclosure where they could not get out, persons killing them without the owner's pur- mission should be punished. Mr. COPELAND thought the House should he careful in interfering in poaching laws. He con sidered no one had a right to the exclusive possession of deer or hares, unless they wero kept in a strict preserve. If these animals wore allowed to ramble on to land not belonging to the owner, the person whose land it was should have the power to destroy tbem. He would like tbe clause to he amended so as to make provision for notice boards, with words painted on them indicating game preserves. He thought that it would soon be found that hares would be a perfect nuisance, as they were in Victoria, particularly between Geelong and Melbourne. He hoped no attempt would be made to introduce anything like tho old English poaching laws. Mr. PIGOTT thought that tho clause providing for the malicious killing of any animal would meet the case. He objected to hares being protected at all. Mr. KIDD hoped the Attorney-General would not press this new clause. In England an immenso amount of injury had been done to farmers, and it would he the same in thiB colony. Mr. POOLE also hoped the proposed clause would be withdrawn. It would be very hard to protect liares until they become such a pest as to ruin tho labour of hard-working farmers. Mr. BURDEKIN said that, as a neighbour of Mr. Lamb's preserves nt Rooty Hill, lie could testify that tbe bares did not annoy him, lie did not agree with the idea of going upon another person's property to deotroy liares preserved by him, Mr. M'ELHON'E opposed the new clause, which, lie suid, would only bo supported by persons like Mr. Bnrdokin, who had more money than brains. The CHAIRMAN called Mr. M'Elhonc to order. Mr. M'ELHONE was sorry if he had offended, and would say more money than he knew what to do with. The fecundity of hares was immense, and was an abomination. Hares were nearly as bad as rabbits. Mr. FORSTER thought the clause introduced a most mi .chlorous principle in violation of the rights of property, and to the injury of agriculture and horticulture. He noticed, as a curions fact, that deer hud been known in Victoria to travel 12 miles to get into a garden and eat the bark of English trees. It was ridiculous to destroy marsupials and rabbits, and, at tbe same time, to cnconragc deer and bares, Mr. COPELAND pointed out tbat as deer mostly did their feeding of a night, farmers, to protect themeelves, would haTC to sit up all night. He hoped to sco deer acclimatised, but in a proper manner, running on Ciown lands for the advantage of the people. If tho Attorney-General would agree to an amendment ptoviding that ground in which deer were kept should be surrounded by a fence eight feet high, be would not oppose the clause. The clause was rejected on tho voices. Mr. WISDOM proposed clauses to stand as clauses 75 and 75, to prevent dog- stcaling, which were agreed to on the voices. Mr. WISDOM moved the insertion of a clauso to stand in place of clause 811, to substitute a declara tion for an oatb by witnesses in certain cases. The clause was carried on tho voices. Mr. W. FORSTER moved a new clause to prevent I in future, the infliction of summary punishment in cases of contempt of court, but still leaving judges ' power to order arrest and removal, bo as to prevent ; interruptions of court proceedings, Tho extraordi nary power given to judges to punish summarily for contempt were a relic of past times, when they might have been necessary, but all modern legislature was against it. All courts should be armed with sufficient power to stop interruption, but when it came to a consideration of the offence, the judge against wham i the offence was committed could not be tbe best man ' to try tbe case. A sense of delicacy should prevent | a judge dealing with a case in which his personal feelings were bound to "be involved. Contempt of ' court had no pecnliar element in it requiring tbat it I should be tried in a way different to other offences. I It had been said tbat the clause he proposed should have defined contempt, but there lie found himself : in a difficulty, and it "would be better to let contempt i bo determined by some reasonable persons. The Attorney-General bad a clause which provided for summary punishment in cases of contempt committed in open court. I Mr. FOSTER thought the difficulty would be best ' met by giving judges power to commit for trial in cases of contempt, Mr. BUCHANAN remembered once introducing a Bill containing exactly the provisions suggested by tbo Minister for Justice, but it was opposed by tbe Attorney-General. The lawin the matteras it stood was anomalous, permitting, as it did, a judge to im prison a witness for a year for prevarication, but not allowing him to do so in case of perjury. Then again, a writer in the presB who committed contempt, was brought before the Court, and punished practi cally without trial. It was time that the public were secured against the consequences of the unlimited and sweeping powers now iu the hands of the judges. Mr. WISDOM concurred with the spirit of tbo clause proposed by Mr. Forster, though ho himself had prepared a clause to deal with the matter. The power of punishment for contempt had been usurped by emu vf icwd at a Uur- vylisu titer? was uopuh- . — !nion to control them. There was one class of He op. q however, which the clanse did not deal contsmp at was comment on a case tub judice with, th. He proposed to amend the clanse, so as In the Pretb. this. to provide ftn TER nssentod to the amendment, nnd Mr. W. TOTib fort to restrain tho press from corn- concurred in the judice. menting on cases' had never known the Dres3 of Mr. BUCHANAv; . the colony to so offend, g journal was punished for Mr. FOSTER : A IcUdlL doing so. -ge public meeting the Mr. BUCHANAN : AS a1 Hi. and paid. There had fine then imposed was coHeotiSa . ress by the judges been unduo interference with tiitsp. hing evidence in in preventing the press from pdblioa. Ho had never a case before the case was- finished'. . 'es on a case known the press to publisli'lsading-arSK whilst proceeding. a street Mr. O'CONNOR said tliat any man' 34 t corn- corner or a public meeting conld mnke avtw. the ments they like on members of Parliament, ftcn. id Premier downwards, but when the Dress commcisv on the judges, summary punishment was inflicts. " Mr. O'Connor instanced the recent casc of Mr. Gray- High Sheriff of Doblin, to show how the power or summary punishment for contempt might be abused; Mr. JACOB preferred the clause' which the1 Attorney-General had' drawn. He contended, too,- that if the power of punishing snmmcrily for con-- tempt were taken away from Supremo Court Judges, i should also be taken away from judges- of inferior courts, magistrates, and- members of Licensing Benches. Mr. FORSTER was willing to amend the-clnusc in tbe sense indicated by Mr. Jacob. - The clause was then carried on tbe voices. The Chairman then left tho chair, and reported the Bill with further amendments. The recommittal of the Bill for the consideration of clauses 374, 333, and 409 was carried, and the-Housc went into com mittee to consider the clauses; On clause 874 — Cattle-stealing — verdict of misde meanour. Mr. WISDOM moved that, after the word "car- marking" the words " or defacing marks or bracde" be added-. The motion was carried. On clanse 3S;t — Proceedings thereon. Mr. YOUNG moved tho addition of tho words, " provided that persons having been improperly con victed shall have a certificate issued to them, setting forth the circumstances of the wrongful conviction." The motion was carried. On clause 400 — Whipping juvenile offenders. Mr. WISDOM moved that the words "above tho ago of 10 and" be omitted. The motion was carried. The Bill \yo3 then reported with amendments, nnd the third reading made an order for next day. MINING ACT AMENDMENT DILL. Dr. RENWICK moved the second reading of this Bill. He had no doubt that lion, members expected him to briugin a Bill to fully consolidate the Mining Acts. Ho would say that he had such a Bill in preparation. He was acting fairly and honestly with tho department with which lie was connected. Mr. M'ELHONE said he asked the Minister the other night to introduce a Bill of this nature for the purpose of protecting miners. But since then he had seen where a simple measure of this sort could be made to defeat tbe ends and aims of the laud law entirely. Some years ago several landholders secured their land by getting mineral leases, as, by getting these, selection would be barred. Largo quantities of land had been taken up in this man ner. The Messrs. White, of Bando, dofrauded legiti mate selectors in this way. If this Bill be passed, it would enable unscrupulous lessees to drive honest electors off tlie land. Mr. FERGUSSOX said that when the Mining Act was passed, no other minerals but gold existed. Ho thought all doubts should bo removed in the matter of mineral conditional purchases. The Minister had power to make regulations, and in these the land was protected for mining purposes. Ho thought it was necessary to bring in this Bill, because the Mining Department refused to issue leases. He thought the Government ought to have brought in a Bill authorising mining on reserves. It was in another Bill provided that applicants for lease.-- would have to expend £5 per acre on the land withjn tho first three years, so that tlie difficulty referred to by tlie bon. member for the Upper Hunter did not really exist. He, however, knew of a squatter who on Inconsecutive Thmsdays had taken up 510 acres. He supported the Bill, and hoped it wonld become law as Fpcedily as possible. Mr. .T. 1'. ABBOTT thought that not to pass the Bill would do a large amount of injury to the mining population, and if it were passed a great injustice would be done to a large number of persons who wished In.nu-tide to occupy the land. He did not think the Bill could come into operation under 12 mouths, during which time the lands of the country would be held in suspense. In fact, applicants for lenses could hold on for two years oil a single pay ment of 5s. It was a fact that every Thursday tlie fame individual could take up 540 acres of land under mineral leases. It would be noticed that £5 per aero had to be expended within the three years. But there was nothing to prevent occupiers spending that amount on tho very day on which tlie third year expired. He proposed that tlie operation of the Bill bo limited to a period of six months, and to make proper provisions in the new Mining Act. Dr. RENWICK : Limit its operation till the pass ing of the new Mining Act. (Laughter.) An iioN. Memiier : Better limit it till the passing of the new Land Act, (Increased laughter.) Mr. GARRETT said lie was confident that not 2000 acres of land had been taken up nnder mineral lease for tlie purpose of defeating mineral conditional -pur chase. It was always intended in tho Mining Act to protect the aicns held under mineral leases. Why, then, hesitate now ? Why not pass this Bill, and practically carry out what they intended when they passed the Mining Act ? He suggested 12 months as tho term for the limitation of tho Act. He thought the Honsc was bound to puss the Bill. Mr. COPELAND thought the debate a curious comment on tbe manner of dealing with the laud. Ho considered that no one could take up more tlian one selection of 510 acres until the conditions had been fulfilled, as far as the former 5-lu acres was concerned. If a man took up 13 510-acre blocks for mineral purposes, the last 12 were illegally oc cupied, if the conditions had not been observed as far as the first 510 acres were concerned. He trusted the kon. the Minister for Lands would never hesitate to put his foot on all jumpers. He (Mr. Copeland) looked upon a juniper as a shark making a dart nt an unfortunate man who fell overboard. He supported the Bill, and was sorry it had not been introduced long ago. It was not now compulsory that tho Minister should grant a lease, hut optional. Surely our grazing lands ad not become so valuable as. to induce squatters to pay 5s per acre, survey and other fees, and to further comply with the clause concerning the three years' expenditure, He thought the regulations under the Mining Act wanted amending. It would be shame ful to allow loafers (to jump the lands for the sole purpose of levying blood-money. Mr. DARNELL pointed out that it was easier and cheaper to take up a mineral conditional purchase than a lease. However, any danger arising from thia could be met by a regulation. Tho Supreme Uourt had four years ago laid down the law that tho con ditional purchase was superior to an application for a lease, unless the lease were granted. But it was only 18 months ago that another decision had made the matter prominent. As the short Rill before the House would cure this evil, he would vote for it. Mr. BEYERS supported the Bill, which would cure many abuses under tbe existing law. Still he would have preferred to see a more comprehensive measure for the reform of the mining law introduced. Ho did not like to swear, but tbe present suite of mining legislation was a curse. He bad for five years been pressing this matter on tho attention of "tho House and the Mining Department, but he had only been laughed at. The fact was that the Mining Depart ment was overworked, (Laughter.) The Minister for Mines had to look after scab and stock. (Laughter.) Mr. CAMPBELL hoped the Bill would not pass, as it would bar selection and the settlement of the country. There was no comparison between tbe miner and the selector. The selector was far prefer able. The proper way was to introduce a labour clause into these mineral conditional purchases and leases, which wonld prevent their being used for purposes of dummying. The Government were boasting of what they had done, and were doing, for the country, hut all lie could Eee that the Government were doing was that they were getting things into a muddle. Mr. H. BARTON, on bchnlf of the mining com munity, hoped the Bill would pass, and pass speedily. Mr. Campbell, who ought to know something about the matter, should know that no squatter could pro tect himself under the Bill at a rate of 5s per acre per annum. The Bill could never operate against mining. Hon. members on the opposite side were simply raising a ghost and a bugbear to obstruct legisla tion. Mr. STUART denied that the Opposition acted as Mr. Barton said they did, and thought Mr. Barton must have spoken in ignorance. At the same time, he supported the Bill, but would like to sec a clause introduced such as that suggested by Mr, Campbell. Mr. Barton, too, must he aware that a squatter did not have to pay 5s per acre per annnm in order to block ont a selector by a mineral conditional pur chase, for tbe us was not payable until after the issue of the lease, and tbat was often delayed as long as tbree years, and generally at least for a year. The Bill, ho thought, would put nnotber barrier in the way of that peaceful settlement, which was the great land problem they had to solve. Sir JOHN ROBERTSON asserted that nnder tlie Bill a Minister, awake to the laud-swindling propen sities of certain gontlcmen, could stop them under this Bill. Mr. Campbell bad spoken without a know ledge of his Bubject. In no ense bad lie (Sir John Robertson) approved, since ho was Minister for Lands, of a pre-emptive right under n mineral conditional purchase. Where a hnnujidu miner was working he would allow a pre-emptive right, but in cases of attempted evasion of the law, the evaders had burned their fingers. Mr. Campbell was so angry on this inntccr that it was possible ho bad hau his lingers burned. . Tbo second reading of the Bill was carried on a division of 4b to 1. The following is tho division list: — Ayes, 48. Mr. Andrewa Mr. Burns Mr. Cramcle Kusaclt Barton Cameron II. (!. Hangar Bejurs Qco. Campbell Daviee Botlcl Carter Douglas John Brown W. Olarke Darnell Bnriloktn Copeland Kawcett Fcrgueeon Hczlet Lcvlen W. Footer llolborow O. A. Lloyd Fraicr Jacob Elr II. Farkes Fremlin Kerr Mr. Prootor Gorvan Klda Pnrvce Hay Lackey Qutn Dr. llcnwtck Fir J. Itobertoou Mr. Stuart Mr. Euttor Dr. Tairatit Held ) Wilkinson Mr. Wisiom Murray j leucr3- Wright Trlckott Noes, a. Mr. M'Elboue Mr. Day Jtr. J. P. Abbott ) W. It. rumuboll j Tellers T'Uc jrl'EAKER then left the chair, and the House went into committee on the Bill, and after dis cussion. Mr. J. P. ABBOT, moved that the operation of the Bill be limited to 12 months. Further discussion ensued, and on a division the amendment was negatived by 27 to 05. TIioOhaibman then left the chair, and reported tho Bill without amendment. The report was agreed to, and the third reading of tbe Bill made an order of the day for next day. The House adjourned at two minutes past 11 p.m. 