CHAPTEB XX. \~7hile these scenes were taking place at the HeEJperus Extended, events of a very different ? character were'toanspiring in Grit. Alter the ere it meeting. Hector, Bunakum, and' some of 'bis principal supportera repaired to the dingy office of the Gritty Gully Trumpet, whare, assembled in the den known as the editor's room, they began to discuss theaffairs of the night. The Trumpet of next- day would be one of the best numbers ever issued.' There' was the great meeting, the. terrible a-2cident at the Hesperus Extendedmine, and, of course, there would be 'a splendid leader from the pen of Grit's; mightiest journalist, Hector Macimiis, wherein the -opposite party would be annihilated, and the course of the electors matte clear. Grit had now a gaB company; Ipf course; there had been gas there in the early days, bnt not such as could be utilised for light. The Trumpet office absolutely flared with it. There was gas everywhere, which was a com fort, as there was nothing -else to Bpeak of.. The exterior of the building was -.not' -Very . prepossessing. Once, indeed, the facade . had been thought the very 'acme- of architecture. It was of jted bricks—as 2 the dust of Grit were not red enough — and the mason had by an ingenious arrangement fixed certain of the bricks to form the words Gritty 'GxiOy _ Trumpet'. The 'red dust of years had settled upon' the building until it now looked like an ugly lobster drowned in dirty anchovy paste. Upon window; coign, -and door the insidious drist had fallen until there was not the sem blance of the original design left. To add to the discomfort of visitors a flight of. weT -vorn steps led to the sanctum, and; as there was no light outside, accidents were the rule ;„ and he was a lucky man who escaped seathless . when he visited the Lyceum of Grit. Bytije side of the building .ran a narrow lane, fit for deeds of darkness,' and immediately a^ the. back was the stage door of the theatre, whenfce_: at night seedy supers issued to fetch in tiie pewter pots of beer from the hotel at.the comer for the stars. Gritty people would iell.ybu1 with pride that they had seen G. V. Brooke borne in there from a cab when in one of his drinking moods ; and to this day the hotel boasts that Julia Matthews was a boarder when she was a txollopy girl in short clothes. Altogether it was a classic locality. But the inside of the Trumpet office was to the outside world a mystery, and the general public could tell nothing about it, except that Hector - Macinnis made the paper there. In the inno cence of their souls they believed that he wrote, set up, printed, and delivered the Trumpet. Hector Macinnis found the office in a state of 'pi,' to use a professional term. The compositors had been out of copy for hours, the overseer was fretting and fuming and consuming beer; the apprentices were larJring,.%,nd the sub-editor was in despair. Up to this time the editor and reporters had not put in an appearance. Reprint would not do, so tiie whole establishment had to be idle, consoling themselves with the reflection that they would not get home until the sun had risen next morning. But they knew they had -no remedy, although Hector Macinnis was a benevolent champion of liberty, and a warm advocate of the eight hours system. He never allowed his lofty soul to consider his own office. That was out of the pale. So he kept his reporters, his writers, his eomposi- . tors and his printers waiting for him at his pleasure, without in the slightest degree con sidering that they were men just like the miners and carpenters for whom he expended so much breath. But then consider: the miners and carpenters could send him into Parliament, and the poor printers couldn't, being only a drop in the ocean of Gritty humanity. O, true proverb ! — ' A saint abroad, a devil at home.'.' In a few minutes, however, the Gritty Gully Trumpet office was the scene of the greatest activity. The reporters who, after the meet ing, had hastened to the Hesperus Extended to ascertain the particulars of the accident, rushed in and at once began transcribing notes, as if all the electricity in the office had concentrated in them, and their pens flew over the paper like steam-engines. The overseer stood over them, however, like a ghoul, devouring their slips, which he cut up in pieces, and handed to bis expectant compositors, who rushed to their frames and set with a rapidity that must have thrown the reporters into despair, if they had had time to look round. AH tins time the great mover himself sat in the editor's sanctum, drinking wine with Bunakum and nig friends,- and totally heedless of the agonised face of the overseer, who now and then rushed past the open- door in the vain hope of arousing his sympathy. The sub-editor hopped about — for he was lame — and strove to keep up a jolly appearance, when he felt all the pangs of the damned. Nor did Bunakum and the rest heed this in the slightest* Why should the champions of liberty, of the horny handed, of the eight hour system, pay attention to the wants of 'these poor creatures? Why, in deed? But as Dr. Bouse was moved by the spirit of loo to adjourn, the party at last broke up. -' I will he round at the Patriot, presently,' said Hector, as he saw his friends safely down the steps. The overseer now hoped that there would be some chance of finishing before daybreak. But Hector coolly passed him by, and, sitting in his chair, began to go through the piles of newspapers that lay before him. The over seer rushed out, and swore by himself in the passage, then adjourned to seek the solace of the pewter. After a while Hector Macinnis did think that he ought to begin his leader, inasmuch as it was time for him to join the company at loo, and casting away the last paper, he dipped his pen in ink — and was about to write wheii1-^ What face was this that rose before him in the hour of victory? What accusing eyes gazed upon him out of the dusty bookshelf ? What form arose from out the shadows of the lamp? Pshaw! There was nothing there. The leader must be written. But it is not easy to put down the ghosts that arise to mock us, if they have their origin in our own guilty souls. With an impatient exclamation Hector Macinnis fixed his eyes upon the paper, and*) taking his pen in hand, began to write the leader which was to electrify Grit next day. He had thoroughly digested the -matter, and ' throwing it off ' was to nim an easy task. Soon the page was covered with his peculiar, but regular handwriting, and, striking Jhe bell, the overseer appeared. A smile of in tense satisfaction spread over that worthy's face as he glanced at the sheet, and he clutched it with inexpressible delight. It was immediately cut up into little pieces, -and the compositors put to work on it, setting the matter op so quickiy that ere- Hector had finished the last slipiEhefirst proof was in his hand. He soon hurraed through it,- and then began looking over1 Hier 'fil©£ He becamd tired of these, ??however,' and, .throwing ihe papers to tjne side, put on his coat and hat, and strode -away guinidst Hie blessings of his employes, Who were trembling that ne would ?write a second leader, it' did 'not take him long to reach, the Patriot,'?whicfc was still' full of light, the politicians nd¥- ha.ving.departed Th'ey. \rere'.{irguiiig in the'-bai— «.t least, as ?many- oiithejm as were -abl$: to. argue. But Sector pjgssefd by, and weirfoMon to the rooni Sphere iHe'. select, men, including Dr. Bouse, werelindMg^ in a lifffe' relaxation in the shape of. ,'a* game of loo, whjch -was now the popular;&musement; of the MgheX class of Grit, varied by an occasional-tussle at poker. Hector M&niTJnig; cared little for cards, but when trouble or anxiety, came upon him he often indulged in a. game.' As he did not eaTe to sleep that ^nighfr, having to be up eiirly, he resorygd to 3rive away. all -apprehensions of the morrow in' Sffott he-called a ' tit-np.' : As he was passing he noticed Maggie, who Was servin'g the men- in the bar. Heir face, ? ?usually, so. bright, was far from cheerful, and the redness of her.eyes' showed that she had been weeping. A shade' came over ' Hector's face as he noticed this. He knew why she was 60 gloomy. But it was not .a cause of sorrow.to him...' ? .' -' ? ? ??'.?? -And. the night passed on, Hector playing with great care and winning. Indeed- this was no wonder, for the others were -so far advanced that l.they could hardly- distinguish a kjng from' a jack. He accepted this as a sign that he would be successful. .- The dawn,, began to find its way Into the close room and to gale the gaslight, before the players thought ot' separating. Then, offer a hearty wa§b;, anil, some slight refreshment, they he&,a meeting, when final arrangements were made for the great contest. The party, too, had the satisfactioh 'of- reading Hector's leader,, which. 'was 'pronounced a masterpiece. After that, how could Mr. Miall and his friends stand a show? 