TURF GOSSIP. By Adoob. Daring the ensuing four weeks the sporting public of Melbourne will be in a perfect lever of excitement over the events of the V.A.T.C. and V.R.C., and in order to afford toe reader* or i hz Australasian en opportu nity of perusing the latest information avail able up to Wednesday night, the oonntry edition of this journal will be obtainable at the office on-Thursday. This arrangement will be continue(f"fcut3l the V.K.C. Spring meeting hae been decidecV All that the V. A.T.C. re^ajrea to-day to in surers successful meeting re fine weather. Tbebill offers is finite anmpthpns enough for^the most enthusiastic of ^sporting men, nooJi *ilf have iwcanse^or regret *%be im provements effected by Mr. Bond will rather astonish those who have not seen them, find thotuh there baa not been eufficient time to Uhtbe whole ot the proposed additional s bnblio may rest satisfied that everything ] a been done to add to their comfort. | mu trains will-leave the Prinoe'a-bridgs j itibnat abort intervals, and for those who prefer the pleasant drive to the conrae there will [be an nnlimited supply of oaba. The first raeebae been. let down 'for ball-put 1 oclobk. • Thanks to the 8eUingRaoe on Saturday last.jthe Melbonrne Hunt Clabpnlled through with: a balance on the right rBtde. It was gratifying indeed to «ee the amateurs dhow hp *P •nph goodly nhmbers, and notwlth standing the absence of two such able exponents aa Messrs. W. Olaasoook and A. Gfairnside, there were Plenty of good men readt to don eilk !jp theHunt ClpbCup. A wort ttupiedhueVu wu always in doubt. Young Godfrey Wat* bod, who rode the winner, ia a regular " chip of the old block,'1 and rode with conaammate judgment, never making hie effort until he got over the last fence, when he sat down and finished like a workman. It was thooght by many that Mr. Rourke, on Chanak, was canght napping, bat 1- doabt this, as his horse was tiring, while Alhambra, having been reserved for a final ran, had plenty in him. It was gratifying to the young Watsons to win with a son of their old favourite, King John, and I was very glad to see the veteran trainer, S. Mahon, leading a winner back to scale. With the exception of about fonr, the yonngstere that ran in the Flying Stakes were very moderate, and it is somewhat remarkable that not one of the first three was bred in Victoria, the firet two being Sooth Anstralians, by that promising young aire Englishman, and the third was bred in New South Wales. The winner ran rather green, and while she and LyonB Lady were having a tussle ehe ran clean across tbe latter, and as she did eo young Barr accidentally struck Hales over the hand and cat it very severely. Mr. S. Cook's asaal bad luck Btnck to him, for George Rignold fell and injured himself so severely that he bad to be destroyed. In the Open Steeplechase there was some talk of a protest against Abdallab, as King went out without a cap. If he was not fined he ought to have been, but the stewards could not do anything elee. Larpent'a performance was a very brilliant one, and entitled him to rank in the first class. Remarks of an uncom plimentary nature were made about Pro metheus running in bar shoes, but as Mr. Savili bad another of Mr. Ronnsevell's that he thought be could win witb, and Pro metheus, moreover, had broken a portion of his off fore hoof, it was argued that there was some excuee for this action, yet it would have been much more satisfactory had the eon of Lurline run in light plates. Fryingpan has kept np his reputation this week by running once round the outer track on TaeBdBy just under 2m. 334., and Sava naka ran over tbe same ground inside 2m. 33s., and covered the mile and a half in 2m. 47s., so that the gallant grey evidently retains his pace. He had the light weight Crackuell np, bat Fryiugpan had Power in tbe aaddle, and therefore mast have carried over 8at. Guesswork has also astonished the watchers by running a mile on the outer track under lm. 47s. Mr. A. T. Bolton announces that he will dispoee of the Oak-bill stud at the Pastoral Hotel on Saturday, October 21. There are about 71 lots, and included are tbe smart looking filly Golden Locks, by Tom King from Whirlpool; The Queen, by Panic from Regina; Empress, full sister to Larpent; Eucalypta, by John Bull from Agra ; La Belle, full sieter to Riverton; and several other well-bred mares. The horaeB nominated for the Towong Tnrf Club Sires' Produce Stakes are Dolon, Horatio, Saunterer, Sydney, Carlisle, Tim Wbiffler, Blue Cap, Buzz, Dauntless, and Tidal Wave. Mares have to be nominated for the same stake on tbe 1st of January next. Why mares have to be nominated for a sires' produce Btake is beyond my compre hension. It Beems that the jockey who was dis qualified for riding Attila bo enspciouely at Dubbo was yonng Cornwell. At the annual meeting of the Adelaide Hunt Club on Monday, it was stated that the revenue for the year was £1,515, and the ex penditure £1,104. This is a very satisfactory state of affaire. The South Australian Jockey Club also appears to be in a solvent condi tion, for it is stated that the assets of the club are estimated at £10,000, and the total liabilities at £6,046. In Rlancing over the proposed rules of the V.R.C., I notice that rnle 93 is not only un necessarily strict, but very ridiculous, for it stipulates that if a jockey dismounts before he reaches the Bcales his horse is disqualified. I should like to know how he is to walk np the BtepB, and then to the scales, unless he dismounts before he reaches the scales? I am glad to say that the English jockey, Barlow, is again able to resume his place in the saddle. On Tuesday morning he had his first mount since tbe accident he met with, and rode Stag a canter. The second edition of Centaur's Index is to band, and this neeful little work should be in the hands of every racing man. Mr. Byron Moore has made several im provements at Flemington since the last meeting was held there. The stand has been painted, the wall, which formerly presented a very dull appearance, having been greatly improved by an application of dove-coionr. Tbe addition of backs to the seats in the stand was generally approved of, and the row of elm trees at the spot which divides the carriage-paddock from tbe lawn will afford E feasant shelter when they grow. The paths ave been greatly improved, and on the ateps at the end of the lawn have been placed two immense vases, which will contain some choice plants by Derby day. At the back of the bill, however, most work has been done, shrubs, trees, and flowers having been planted, and tbe whole is to be surrounded by a BnbBtantial stone walk The ugly paling fence which divided the training-ground from the road which leads to tbe coarse has been replaced by posts and chains, and by the time the Spring meeting commences the Flemington coarse will be more complete than ever. I regret very much to say that F. Leng, the well-known trainer, got himself into dis grace on Saturday last. He was on the Flem ington Raoeoourae in a state of intoxication, and as he made use of some abusive lan guage be was snapended for six months, so that be will .not be able to appear at Flem ington for that period. That " a man should Sut an enemy into bis month to steal sway is brains" is to be regretted under any cir cumstances, and more especially when be gets bimsell into trouble through the absurd proceeding. 1 repeat that 1 regret exceed ingly that Leng should have been so foolish. After the first race he scratched Van Ttomp for tbe Amateur Hurdle Race, and Mr. S Grimwood, who unwittingly wrote out the scratching for him, was reprimanded by the stewards, as the owner had not given in structions for the hoiee to be scratched. The blacksmiths struck at Flemington last Saturday, and trainers were greatly incon venienced by their refusal to do any work. ^Hitherto tbey have been granted free ad mission to the saddling paddock for the pur poke of removing the shoes of those horses that ran barefoot, but on Saturday a charge of lOf was demanded. - This they vety naturally refused to pay, and most of them went home. TYsinert, oonsequefitly, had some difficulty in having'(he shoes of their horses rhmoved. For my part I don't see Why the blacksmiths should be charged any mors than^ jockeys, trainers, or even press men, for their presence is absolutely neces sary, and'afjter being granted free admission for so may lytars it docs appear b strange proceeding to ohargs thsm lQs. (or admis sion; At thsvume tuns tbe blacksmiths are greatly to blame for inohnvsatenetag the ttainert as they did. Theyooald easily have removed the shoes outside, end thus would have been independent of the dob, though if thia wet* done one of the lending features of: a busy day at Flemington would be extin guished, for the public lore to see the horeee prepared for (he fray. „ „ , , " Centaur," writing from England to the Sydney Town and Country Journal, Bays that " one can see more sound, good-legged horses at one Rand wick or Flemington meeting than could be found in all England, nine-tenths of the English thoroughbreds being faulty in the legs." Be states also that the thoroughbred is undoubtedly deteriorating in the old country, " in consequence of the breeder run ning after small-boned, flashy strains, to win the rich two-year-old five and six furlong, spurts, and neglecting the good stont strains, like Melbourne, which give bone and stamina,' and when properly allied with Whalebone, Castrel and his brothers, and Blacklock, possess speed as well, though they undoubt edly shine better over the longer courseB, and for that reason are not id demand in a country where the courses over a mile and a quarter can be counted on one's fingers." I was rather surprised to see a notorious weleher allowed among the ring-men at Flem ington on Saturday. A declared defaulter was also booking bets. It is quite certain that the present arrangements for preventing any but registered "bookmakers betting at Flemington are farcical in the extreme, and as the clnb exacts nearly £3.000 a year from the registered bookmakers, Bome steps Bhould be taken to protect them. Mr. J. Leek has taken his colt Conlston to Balaclava, and this improving son of King Cole will finish his preparation at Caulfield. It is reported that the cause of the support awarded to Dougalston for the Caulfield Cup was a trial be bad with Pollio and Tansferred, in which Dougalston had the best of it. The South Australian filly Bis Bis arrived at Flemington during the latter portion of last week, and will represent Mr. Gordon in tbe*V.A.T.C. Foal Stakes. An injustice has been done to the well known jockey, M. O'Brien, who rode Verdure in the Flat Race on Saturday last. It has been pretty freely stated that he weighed out for Verdure, but in order to hoodwink the public he rode Scandal abont the paddock and afterwards mounted Verdure. There is no truth in this statement. Foulsham, the trainer, engaged O'Brien to ride Scandal, and on the jockey being asked what was to be his mount, he replied that lie had been engaged for Scandal. On going to scale the weigher asked him what he was going to ride, and he told him Scandal, bat Foulsham said, " No, yon are to ride Ver dure." In the meantime the public were backing Scandal on the strength of the state ment that O'Brien was to ride; but Bomebody in the Becret was busily snapping np all the money to be had abont Verdure, and when it became known that O'Brien was to ride the mare she quickly became first favourite. It will be seen, then, that O'Brien was not to blame at all in the matter. Foulsham, no doubt, thought he was "clever " in throwing the public off the scent, but it availed him nothing, as Verdnre was beaten, and there was general satisfaction, except amongst those who bad burnt their fingers. In the totalisator of the Sportman's Club, members who invested £L on Abdallah received £1212s. in return. Ia the Hurdle Race, not a single penny went on to Gambler, the investors, consequently, received their money back, less the percentage. It will be remembered that the same thing occurred in the A.J.C. Steeplechase, won by Hotspur. The stewards of the Adelaide Hant Club appear to have strained the law in order to disqualify Hotspur, who came iu first for the Hunters' Steeplechase. A protest was entered against the horse, on the ground that he was not running in the sole interests of hiB nominator, and the stewards disqualified bim and awarded the stakes to Taxaraxacum. " Trumpator," of the Adelaide Observer, states that there was not the slightest excuse for such a decision, and the general verdict was that they exceeded the power given to tbem by their ruleB. ^ Trotting matches appear to be popular in Sydney. On Saturday last Mr. Gates's Sir William met Mr. Ross's Grey Paddy in a match for £100 aside, and the former won easily. I understand it is the intention of the Vic torian Trotting Clnb to introduce a hurdle race and a couple of flat races into the De cember programme. At a Bale of the Crabbet stud of Arab horses two of the best mares were purchased for Australia. Among the late arrivals are " Trumpator" and " Nemo," the respective representatives of the Adelaide Observer and Sydney Mail, also Mr. Wilson, the South Australian han dicapper, all of whom have come over to assist at the V.A.T.C. and V.R.C. gather ings. Mr. W. E. Dakin arrived from Adelaide on Monday afternoon, and bronght with him 10 of Sir Thomas Elder's horses. As tem pestuous weather of a most extraordinary kind had been prevailing along the coast, it was thought that Mr. Dakin wonld not face the dangers of the deep, and that he would postpone his departure, but Captain M'Lean prophesied a fair wind, and after waiting until after midnight on Saturday made a start. The sea was very heavy, but though three of the horses were down dnring the trip, they were all landed without re ceiving any damage. Guesswork has not grown much since he ran at Adelaide in the antnmn, bnt he has thickened oat, and 1 believe ia faster than ever. Bassanio looks well enongh, and Baron von Mueller ia in most blooming condition. The two year olds include Monsoon and Fidalma, both of whom are engaged in the Maribyraong Plate. The former is a remarkably nice chesnnt filly by Gang Forward from Typhoon, and the latter is by Talk o' the Hill from Black Gipsy, and consequently is fall sister to Pride of the Hill*. Mr. Dakin has also bronght Tyro pean and the imported filly Roy's Wife, and the other youngsters are Achilles, Fridolin, Glen Osmond, and Dooanier. Comfortable quarters have been secured for the team at the Laurel Hotel, and with each a useful string no donbt the Egtintoh tartan of Sir Thomas Elder will be carried into prominent positions dnring the season. Segenhoe's arrival was awaited with some anxiety, for though the big brother of Rich mond sadly disappointed hie friends at Rand wick, be still haa numerous adherents "who firmly believe in bis ability to overthrow Navigator and all that may oppose him in the Y.R.C. Derby, llr. Fennelly's lot arrived overland on Saturday, and were at once taken to Mr. F. Morrison's. _ „ In addition to Segenboe, the string includes Heels/ Gost wyck, Middlemerch, Aberioyle, and Blpe and White- 1 saw them all s£ exercise on Tueo day morning, and though Segenboe was not quite so muscular as I ehouldlike to aee him, he wp* in good health, and by the Derby day .. v ' tauu usm mm . jiaing asaay ooe of than. I like Middle merdh very.ttfcoh alao; he fchrMi nong from the Imported aaa» u and ! "Blue' 'aMVwulte iT' It' . daughter of Wilberfotoe and White audi-... Mr. FenneUfh* nevec, perhaps, hadaTbettsc Mam under fall can, and r shall be eurpkitod,: ' indeed, If be doee not play an important part ib the conteete for the Maribyraong Plate and V.R.C. Derby. Tom Brown's string is small nnmerieally, but yet it ie very select. Cannamnlla hat ' improved the right way. and eo hae Saionara* while Btockdale and Brian Born ate both very neefol animals. Owners of honei are reminded that the entries for the first day of the Kensington* park November meeting close on Thursday neat, October 12. Among the events are the Kensington Cup of 50 bovs., and the Handi cap Steeplechase of 60 sove. Entries will be- , received at the Victoria Hotel, Bourke-street, up to 6 p.m. In reply to an application from several far riers for free admission to the Fleming ton saddling paddock, the V.R.C. on Tuesday de clined to accede to the request. The V. AT.O. also refused to admit the smithies unless they pay. By an oversight Mr. Barnard seems to have overlooked Cooreena in the Toorak Handicap,, for he failed to allot her any weight At a meeting of the committee of the Vic toria Amateur Turf Club held yesterday, Messrs. D. S. Wallace, W. Pearson, J. L. Porves, M. O'Shanassay, and Hnrtle Fisher were elected stewards for the ensuing year. Mr. PearBon was appointed chairman of the committee. The committee endorsed the decision of the Melbourne Hont Club in the case of the disqualification of F. Leng, the trainer. Mr. Ues(Onnsler's Cate) was appointed caterer to the olnb. At a meeting of the members of the Sand hurst Trotting Clnb on September 26, the following office-bearers were appointed:— President, Mr. Robert Carr; vice-president, Mr. C. H. Hoffmeyer: treasurer, Mr. M. Tolmie; hon. secretary, Mr. J. G. Weddell; assistant-secretary, Mr. W. W. Eskdale; committee, Messrs. R. Moorbead, H. M'Devitt, G. M'Aulay, EL Burridge, G. Pickles, J. E. Feathers tone, T. Putnam, I>. C. Sterry, and J. Goudge. It was moved, seconded, and carried, that the yearly sub scription of members be £1 le. The rules of the Victoria Trotting Club, with the necessary alterations, were adopted. It was resolved to hold the annual meeting of members in September of each year. Members' tickets to date from first day of September in each year. A vote of thanks was passed to the chairman, and the meeting terminated. Settling over the Melbourne Hunt Club meeting took place on Saturday, and the bookmakers were all up to the call of time, but a couple of backers who had been ■ plunging pretty heavily did not put in an ap pearance. One of them, an up-country Boni j face, had won large Bums from the book makers at previous meetings, and it is to be hoped that he will yet make an effort to 1 come to some arrangement with his ere I ditors. . , I Six of Mr. De Mestre s horses arnved over land on Thursday. They were Navigator, Sweet William, Gudarz, and the two-year old Piscator—Rose d*Amour colt, Piscator— Lady colt, and Robinson Crusoe—Luna filly. All were in good health, and were taken to the Racecourse Hotel, Flemington. S. Davis informs me that he still has eight boxes to let r , It will be remembered that Mr. J. A. Roberts intimated his intention to give 50 bovb. for the two-year-old produce of Boc caccio, to compete in the spring of 188% The conditions appear this week, and it will be seen that foals—or yearlings, I presume— will have to be nominated with the secretary of the Victorian Trotting Clnb, Mr. R. J. Gibney, on the 15th November. Mr. Robert Howie has commenced an action against the Ballarat Courier, and lays his damages at £2,000, for having stated that he was confined in a New South WaleB* lunatic asylnm. It is said Mr. Howie can prove special damages. Nominators for the Caulfield Cup are re minded that if their horses are not struck oat of the race by 3 p.m. on Thursday next they will be liable for the whole stake. It appears that Mr. E. M. Bagot, the judge of the S.A.J.C., made a mistake in the S.A.J.C. Spring Handicap by placing Langu lac instead of Luna third. The mistake has since been corrected. The first forfeits for the Maribyrnong Plate were paid and declared on Monday last, when no less than 50 were left in, and all going well with these, I expect to see over 30 go to the post. At a meeting of theV.R.C. Committee on Tuesday the disqualification of F. Leng by the M.H.C. was considered, and endorsed: and so wss the V.A.T.C. disqualification of the lad Sanderson, who continued in the Hurdle Race after Merry Maid had missed a bardie. As the V.A.T.C. Summer meeting will be held on Boxing Day, the members of the Williemstown Racing Club Committee have decided to fix their meeting for the Prince of Wales'B Birthday. The programme includes the Williamstown Handicap of 100 sovs, Truganina Stakes of 75 sovs.. Telegraph Stakes of 75 sovs., and Laverton Steeplechase of 50 aovs. this should prove attractive enough to owners. There was some chance of Mr. George Watson not starting at Caulfield to-day. It will be remembered that last year he resigned because the stewards did not punish Power mora severely for disobedience in the Foal Stakes. He was persuaded to take office again, but at the last meeting another jockey was let off with a fine when he should have been suspended, and Mr. Watson expressed hie determination not to start again. I'm glad to eay that the difficulty has been over come, and Mr. Watson will wield the flag to day, hot any jockey that misbehaves himself will stand s very good chance of receiving severe punishment F. Leng has requested me to state that the whole of the horseB that were under his care have been handed over to T. Jones to train. ; Messrs. Warren and C. Glasscock, who were in the steamship Ganges when she can ashore, have returned to Melbourne. I have bad a look at Mr. DeMettre'shonet. in their boxes, and as Sweet William, Gudats^. and others had been reported big ana shove tbemselves at the A.J.C. meeting, I in* rather enrprised to eee them looking lighter than moat of the New 8oath Wales eontingeht They have evidently donS good work since the A J.C. meeting, and I expeet to seethe lU black of Terrain " " * the good thinge has grown, f he to still and gets ■ piece of machinery, mollalooks Stockdsle,* and Stookdon^- li looking handicap i day. Gnieeerak I E. Daklnk p weltawfFln' wiUlen&iij; Ivotr and his hips, Shi* intfaetmhk. a very strong team of youngsters, including Warwick, brother to Richmond and Segonhoe. The Victorian-bred juveniles that have already come under my notice are the most wretched 1 have ever seen, and if oar breeders don't make some improvement next year, the visitors will again walk off witn the Maribymong Plate, which I folly expect to bee go to Mew South Wale* or South Ans tr&lia; this year. The weights for the Findon Harriers Vase have been published by the master, Mr. E. Miller, and they seem to me to have been framed with considerable judgment. It will be seen that Edith and Craeader have been scratched, and several others are not eligible. It is reported that Stag and Gambler have been matched to ran two miles over hardies for £200 a Bide, the race to take place within two months. Is this to be another fizzle T Mr. Barnard omitted the name of Cooreena from the Toorak Handicap last week, and by a mistake inserted Kanaka's. The filly'e weight iB 6et 10lb, The Mew Sooth Wales horse Saaaterer has arrived, and has gone into Mr. H. Haines's etable. Mr. W. Forrester is expected to arrive on Monday with Gipsy Cooper, Warwick, &c.; H. Rayner will bring Creewick and another. One of the best jockeys ever known in India was an Australian named Tom Cozens. His friends will regret to hear that he died suddenly at Madras from congestion of the brain. He bad previously met with an acci dent at Bangalore. The Indian papers state that Mr. John Wilson'B horses Sir Peter, Jack, Harp of Erin, Syndicate, &c.t; have been visited by large numbers of racing men, and are thought a great deal of. Messrs. Cavanagh, Macklin, and Baldock had also arrived Bafely with their respective cargoee. Racing at Sale ib likely to be revived in a manner that should prove gratifying to all lovers of the Bport. For some time the affairs of the Sale Tarf Club have been in an an satisfactory condition. The grand (?) stand and general arrangements were far below Kensington-park form, bat now there is a probability of an improvement, as Mr. William PearBon has started a subscrip tion to raise funds to place racing upon a proper footing in Sale. The Bquire of Kilmany-park has headed the list with £200, Messrs. W. M'Culloch and J. Wallace have given £100 each, and two other gentlemen have subscribed £100 each, eo tbat a good start has been made. Mr. De Mestre's horses will leave for Wil lianiBtown to-day. Master Avenel, Vulture, Saionora, Hecla, Allander, Bis Bis, and manv other horses left Flemington for Canlfield yesterday. Frying pan and Guesswork will be taken over this morning. J. Monaghan arrived from Sydney yester day, and brought with him Bandmaster, The Drummer, Saionora, Vaucluse, and Privateer. The Drummer shows extraordinary improve ment. Little Jack was scratched for the Caulfield Guineas last night. Mr. B. Severs returned from England by the mail Bteamer. Scratch ingb.—V.A.T.C. Meeting.—Caulfield Cup— Fandango, Lord Clilden, Annandale, Lavluta, Phorcos, Canary, Morpeth. John Peel, Bobert the Devil, The Gem.. Caulfield Guineas— Hobart, Morpeth. All Engagements—Edith, Bastard, Buzza. Findon Barriers' Vaee — Crusader, Gaffer Grey, Morn ing, St. Thomas, Goodwood, Zulu, Hurricane, Exile, Waverly, Banger, Washington. 8eoond Hurdle Race—Huntingdon. 'Hurdle Race—Hieroglyph. Mel bourne Cap—Lavinia, Waxworks, Phorcta, Harebell, Prima Donna, Pandango, Lord Clifden, Crazy Jane, Annandale, Cetewayo, Marttndale. Toorak Handicap —Scandal, The Ghost, Lapetone, Bobert the Devil, Quicksilver. Selling Race— The Ghost, Fusilier. Toorak Handicap—Baron von Mueller, Borderman, The Assyrian, Prometheus, Footstep. Cooreena. Caul field Cup— Bassanio, Borderman, Footstep, Prome theus, First Water Hurdle Bace—Discount, Song ster. Amateur Challenge Cup—Squire. ' Findon Harriets' Vaee—Flame, Big Head. Caulfield Guineas little Jack. 