PORT Augusta, municipally speaking, seems about to enter upon a new life. A spirit of interest in civic elections has been suddenly created in our midst, and it is to be hoped that, like the ghost in Hamlet, it will not fade away " on the crowing of the cock," but re-appear again and again like the shade of the murdered Banquo. There is -a cause for every effect, and the cause of this sudden and strong interest in the coming civic elections can only be traced to the persistent ''spurring* which a few public men and the local Press have, in season and out of season, subjected our lagging burgesses to. The ratepayers of Port Augu^a,like many of die Arctic explorers," were inclined to sink into that death-like slumber fromwhich there is no waking; but now they have risen, let us hope like giants refreshed, and, like a green meadow, all the better lor having lain fallow so long. Let the Mayor and Council be ever so energetic they can do but little, comparatively speakipg, if the people are not witk them to assist them by their cooperation and back them up by expressions of sympathy and confidence. The small boy at school often wins a battle from no other cause than that his supporters assure him at the dose of a hard-fought " round," as they wipe the blood from his ?trcuniog nose, and cool his swelling lips with n wet handkerchief that they are sure he will defeat his adversary if he comes up to the mark only once more — and the boy is father to the man. Of course we don't mean to insinuate that after, say, Crs. Burgoyne or Mellor, come back from interviewing the Government there is is any necessity for the taxpayer to wait upon them with cold water and pieces of raw beef but then the principle is all the same. The representative of the ratepayers can only represent ; and if those he represent be lukewarm and indifferent, then this lukewarmness and indifference, in spite of any individval groundwork, will diffuse itself like a fog over his best endeavors. The sarte people who treat every public matter so coldly will work like Trojans, will prove themselves Hectors in valour where efforts for their individual benefit are required. Of course no person of sense can see anything but that which deserves commendation in this. Every person who labors in any useful work is enriching not only himself but the nation, and the more frugal he is, and the longer and harder he works (should his labor be reproductive), the better for his fellow-men. But then in neglecting the public interest he is neglecting his own. There is a great df£l of money in the Government Exchequer, and those who bring the strongest influence to bear very naturally get the most. It is the story of the unjust judge wearied by the woman's importunity, and although we would not for a moment hint that there is any affinity between the Hon. Mr. Bray or the Hon. Commissioner of Public Works and the personage alluded to, still we think it to shape our action upon wise suggestions wherever they may be found. The sagacious and astute resi dents of Port Adelaide with their Ocean Dock and other blushing honors thick upon them seem to have realised this truth, and, what is sometimes not done with a truth one has realised, act upon it With a wakeful public interest, which guards the welfare of the town like Cerberus (there being, of course, no resemblance between the places guarded), and a Mayor, such as we will have, working in harmony with a Council like we have hitherto always enjoyed, there is a great future before the town of Port Augusta in its municipal aspect Too much reliance—in fact, too much of the onus of promoting the welfare and securing benefits for the place we live in, is placed upon the shoulders of our members of Par liament. We do not say their work should be made lighter. It is a high honor to be picked out by the people to represent their voices in the Assembly of the Nation, and like other high honors, the duties pertaining to the position should not and cannot be easy j but, to use a homely saying, " The proof of the pudding is in the eating," and even with the reasonably good and capable representation in Parliament which we have had in the past, the fact still remains that Port Augusta has not had that share of the loaves and fishes which, by her importance and the colossal size of the district she is the capital of, has been her fair due. But there is one cheering fact always left to illumine the future of communities or individuals, and that is— " It's never too late to mend." Now that Port Augusta seems to be showing signs of a new life, it behoves every man. who does not wish to see our town forced out of the running, to " prick the sides of his intent," and do his little best to keep up the pace. The new interest, if it be of a kind that is long-lived, will manifest itself not only over the roming municipal election, but will evince itself at every public meeting that is called, and by a keen criticism of the acts and sayings of the Council as reported in the public press. When any ratepayer thinks a Councillor is not doing his best for the town, let him ask a reason for his presumed defect—our columns are always open to them both. With energetic Councillors supported by a no less energetic public, the Council of Port Augusta might become a power in the State, and be a bright example and precedent for other corporations to follow and imitate. At any rate, it is worth the trial. We all know the power that civic bodies have had in the past. It is only a few hundred years ago that a Lord Mayor of London was of sufficient power in his representative capacity to offer the Crown of England to the Duke of Gloucester, afterwards Richard III., and although we should not care for a revival of the times when the cry evidently was vox populi (urbit) vox Dei, still the Corporation of Port Augusta, strong in the faith and voice of the townspeople, can in the ensuing municipal year be a powerful instrument towards obtaining a great many of our urgent needs. 