tales and sketches. OF HIGH DEGREE- A STORY By CHARLES GIBBON. ; Author of "Roms Gray, "A Heart's Phob- lrm," "In Honouh poonn," "Qdkbn op. \- tub Meadow," "The Braes op Yarbow," etc. CHAPTER XVII.— Love's Requiem. ! , Dahlia's piteous . moan rou»oi him. Ho turned slowly, and very quietly took tho telegram from her. He touchod tho fair head foftly with his hand, as if he would thank her for ber sympathy and say, "Bo of good cbcet. Then he was moving silently, from (tho room when his mother clasped both her hands on his aim. " Stephen, for God's sake speak ! You look so strange that you frighten mo. This news may not be true— it cannot bo true, it is 'too terriblo, It is only some wild rumor. You know how often ships aro reported lost when they arc only delayed at sea by some acci dent, or contrary winds. Speak— say some thing.' You must not leave me like this ; tell ac what you think." ' . ' ' This appeal compelled him to mnke an olforb to regain the power of speech, and bo said huskily : . ' ' "I think it is .true . . .r Don't be frightened, mother, I want to '.be ''alone for a little while IH.bo all right by-and-byo." . ' He went into : the library and closed the door' "Oh, how he loves ber," sobbed Dahlia, as sbe sat down/crossed ber pretty arms '00 the table and hid her face on them. ;"How he loveB ber !. I'll never forget tho look on his face after be read the telegram." It was notatimc at which Mrs Meredith could offer any consolation. v She was to» much awe-stricken by tho tidings . of the calamity and the effect it bad on Stephen. Sbe had been glad indeed to get Ruth out of the way,but the had never once thought of her being removed by death. Although this unexpected event at once rendered the fulfil ment of her wishes almost certain, she could not congratulate herself or feel any satisfaction in it. . Sbe was a good-natured woman and a fond , mother, notwithstanding the arts she practiced , to mako Stephen accept the wife she had ! chosen for him rather than the one he had ctoeen for himself, and she was at that! moment really grieved foi Ruth's sad fate. , The. consternation amongst the girla was for a , little while'as great as if a membor of the family : had'been lost, and it showed bow much Ruth's calm, firm, wise nature bad made itself felt: even here, where the disposition was to dis' like ber because she bad won away , the big brother from them and from their favorite friend. When Jim heard the news— bis mother told him in tho afternoon when he roturned from some sporting excursion— he JfokedftttgryHDuy35 tiffed to cry.' Thoq . fa m&tta; otie of the most biting speeches Mrs' Meredith and the girls had ever been doomed tobeftr. : : " J brieve it's all your fault, . She would never have gone away If ?vety one of you hadn't been so spiteful to her about Ste phen." And hi banged out of the room,' leaving; i tat sting in the minds of bis mother and, listers. They were all miserably conscious of; how they had shown their opposition to Uutb ; as much by what they' bad not done ashy what they done. The eldest sister, Hat, was ! Btffl absent, .or she would havo been expected' fiom Jim's sweeping condemnation. , ; Dahlia did not hear it, for she was in .hoc . room. Her door was locked and bolted as if . she dreaded aninvasion, or neoded the help of bolts and bars to hide her own disturbed . thoughts and remorse. After the first shock of horror and conster- '. nation - had passed, Stephen experienced . nothing more than a dull sensation of utter . stupidity euch as one feels when regaining consciousness after a heavy fall. He found it' impossible to,reali?e the position. Ruth had gone away ;Rutb was lost at s£a; Ruth would never come back ; Ruth was dead ; be would never sec her again ! - These phrases were being sting in bis brnin with monotonous iteration, and yet they pro duced no wild at'ony, and did not i seem to help him to understand bow it could be that Rath, with whom hehad parted-only tbo other «4nv.- "Rnth. whnoA W5<;b vraa still warm uiinn hie lips, would never ,come back again ! Yet , she bad promised to come in a year, or when- . 'ever, he was in troublei and she had never broken her promise. This time she could not keep it ; Death barred the way, \ There was an instant of impatience as he remembered bow bard bo had striven to did- -made her from making this fatal voyage, and : how obstinately she bad persisted in it.' But ' 'the impatience passed. and then came .the re collection of her grave,, sweet face, of the , tender eyes, the soft soothing voice, the gentle touch of her hand, her earnest eagerness to be "helpful and useful to others— alt the qualities .which bad made him love her were recalled!; everything that bad made him at tiraos irritable or downright angry with her was forgotten. , The longing— the wild yearning for her which rose within him produced . actual physical pain. And it was alt so simple. She had gone away in this vessel in spite of him— . .without any necessity for doing so,- without <,ny object of importance to servo for herself. tor anyone else ; and hare was tho end of & \- Death ! Why could he not have held ber back? Why had he no strength of will or love to make iter stay ? If she bad only waited for a few wceki! .If she had only gone by another ship ! Ifsbo ( had. only eet her wishes at .defiance -aod openly claimed the right to control her which v' she gave in protesting to love him, all might have been well now, If — — . Hut what Was the use bf'tbis speculation !. : She was gone; the Eucalyptus was a wreck, ' and Ruth was drowned. There was no 'inure to be said. But be could not thrust aside bis vain re-. ...grots. Countless arguments which he might haxe used to stop ber, and bad not, crowded " npoh. his brain, torturing him. 'How differ- t6ntly he would have acted, if be had not been -.at the time worried and distressed by bis f cureed t nancial difficulties ! How - much ' bolder, bow much more determined he would '' have been Then he would have said : .. . V No, you shall go ; you are pledged to me; : -. you are mine. WeBbal! be married to-morrow. And sbe would have yielded too— he felt surii of that ; but this curssd want of money bad tied his tongue aud hands, and she was lost in . .consequence, . it was horrible to sit brooding this way, If there had been anything for biro to do— if be could be actively moving about something oil her account he would have' felt better. The : - grim thought flitted across -bis mind that he would have found some' relief if be might even have had the poor satisfaction of seeing ;j Alter the .arrangements for her funeral. - But -thorewas absolutely nothing, to do except Bit down and wait for confirmation of the cruel tidings. He started to his feet. Yes, there was ono thing be . could do which might distract hia attention for a little. ' Ho could go to Bass sett and seeif by any chance further nows had yet arrived/ He knew it was only a lire" tenco tagfiUnto.actum.jof eoroe sort, for Bass- sett wag well aware of hi?, interest in Ruth, find wopld not delay a moment in forwarding information as it arrived. ' - 1 But be took the next train to London, all thosamb ; and with "tho re'aiilt hie expected. BassdcU knew nothing moro'than had been stated fu bis telegram. This bit of oomtort ! was offeredh;ifh,howcver;: "Tho ship carriod a vblnablo ' cargo," said tho lawyer, in his dry but kindly way ; "and was heavily insured. The underwriters aro as anxious about her fate as you 'can be, and will have the earliest information that can bo pro- cured. They have promised to keep me advised of whatever they loarn, nnd you shall i bn'vo it ns fast na tbo telegraph can take it to you. Meanwhilp, a mossngohas been sent' to . Mr Dottridge!s . agents in Sydney, and every thing is boiogdone in our power to obtain early details of tbo wreck." ' Stephen 'thanked him. Of conrso ho had been aware that : ho could nob loam anything more that day, and ho was annoyed with him self for the feeling of disappointment with which he loft Sorjoant's Inn. Tho journey did not relievo his depression iu tho loast ; the bmtle and noiso of the London stroots soeihod to make him the moro acutoly conscious of tho silence of the grave within his breast. 'He would he glad to get into tho country again— the quietude there was more in harmony with hishnoodtond so moro likoly to provo soothing. Consolation bo did not think of ; there can be no coneolatiou to a man who feels that all he prized in the world, all ho lived for, has boon taken from him. Que sensible resolution he made as he sat iu tho train, that sofarasit was in bis power he would go through tbo ordinary routiuo of every day life, sbowiug as littlo as possible of hiq anguish to tho others. He know that mere mechanical subiuissioa to coinmonplacb duties would help him more than anything else to overcome hisglbom. So, much to the relief of Mm Meredith, he was in bis place at dinner. Dahlia wainbseot, feeling too ill to leave her room. All wero very quiet. The shadow was upon them, but no reference was fnado to the calamity which caused it. Stephen did not, think it was tho time to mako an effort to pretend to bo at ease, and he could not havo done so if he would. , After dinnor he went into tho library 'By , instinctive recognition of the propriety, of. it, , he was allowed to go alone and to remain uo« disturbed. ; , "I don't liko to seo Stove so down in the mouth," obsorved Jim to' the family ; " and 1 had half a mind to propose a game at chess;; but I don't believe be would know a king from ; a pawn to-night. What can any fellow of' senso see in a woman to got into such a state! . aouuL nor . >v uy u ue iia a ioc cue. ijoroy . oe .ooold not be. worse. ' You won't catch ine, mooning that way'at any rate." , ?Wait till your timo comes siri" said' Miss Juliet (agod eighteen), severely . . j " Ob, I supposo you expect to have some body in fits some day, Jue. , Well, hell be a- fellow who has no sisters." . . " ' "I wish you would ba quiet, James,' said: his mother gravely. ..She never called him| Jiir. "Stephen is very much upset, and I thick you ought to sympathise with'him so far: as not. to mako any noise to night." " I don't suppose Steve wonts mo to be in the; dumps as well ae himself, mommy. I should sfty b? vvjll tbipkyou'and Dahlia enough to' bear him company in mourning ; but I won't make any row. I havo the who!? of my notes of the last anatomy lecture to writs due, and that will keep me quiet oaOugh. What a ruin go — the subject was the heart, and you girls ought to have seen what a pretty sight it was under the knife as it was sliced this way and: — " , "Do be quiet Jim,H cried the girls in, chorus, /Being in his first/ course of training for the medical profession, Jim was proud ' of. bis learning and delighted with wicked joy to make his sisters' flesh creep with highly colored descriptions of the work in the dissecting room, or with ghastly jokes about drugs and bow he could dispose of the whole family without anybody being a bit the wiBer. They scarcely over dared to venture into his "laboratory" as he called bis little room at the top of the house, for it contained several skeletons of animals, ranged j. on brackets and shelves round the walls, and a . human skeleton shut up in a tall box something like a- small-sized old- fashioned sentry-box. Jim called this his sontinel, declaring that it would walk out and -hug: the first girl who entered to disturb bis things. But they had no :defiire to intrudeinto his chamber of horrors, as they called bis laboratory. "The smell is onough," Juliet used to say, "from all those .nasty chemicals you are for ever messing with when you are teasing us. I wonder mamma does not stop you." ; juina your own ousiness, a im would roply, and. some wranglings, more or less good, natnred, would follow. On- the present occasion a look from his mother and some kindly remembrance of Ruth stopped him. Stophen had first tried to read, but amongst all bis favorite books he conld not find one which had the power '- of commanding ! lus attention for a couplo of sentences. Then be took, his - desk, resolved to seek comfort from. Rnth herself. ' Her iletters. '-were all here. There was not many of them; for they had been so near each other that there bad been few occasions for correspondence. He handled them almost reverently now, and wished that there had -been, some trutb in modern spiritualists ; for if love could give 1 a . title to bold commune with the dead, (surely be badtbe power to summon the -spirit of. Ruth to come to him' then, that be might see her and'hear her voice again. - ;/ If that could only be ! 1 There was-no need to concentrate his t hough ta upon her -in order to work the charm/ for she occupied themr'all. There was no'need to pray for it. His longing; his yearning for any sign from her, formed the most devout' prayer that overcame from a man's soul.' : ; - ' : He was sitting with one of the letters open before hhn, his back towards tbo door. There was that strange quietude In the place which conies when sorrow too deep for words-has fallen upon the heart, ' Thinking , about this spiritualism, wishing 'that it bad'been true, and smiling sadly at its' vanity, he experienced a nervous thrill over bis whole -frame, when a- soft, cold hand was laid tenderly on his. He did not 'look' up immediately ; inspite of himself there rose a vision of Ruth standing'beBide him, ' 1 He turned slowly, and; saw a white, 'fair, face with two wondering, sympathising, tear ful eyes, gazing earnestly upon him, " Why, Dahlia, ".he said gontly and Bmtling j"do you know you gave me a sort of start. I was thinking about ghosts, and as I did not hear yon coming in, the foolish fancy crossed my mind that perhaps you were one," - "I hope youarn not vexed with me foa coming, Stephen," she said, nervously nnd tenderly; "but I could not rest. I could not to bed until I came to speak to you. I know you are in sorrow and— oh, Stephen, I wishl-could comfort you even ft very little." She dropped on her knees besides his cbair, and hid Kerfaco on the arm of It; sobbing. "Poor Dahlia," he said, resting bis band on her head, "You, too are suffering. .Tell me what is the matter;" To be continued). 