NO NEW THING. BY W. E. NORRIS, Author of " Matrimony," " Heaps of Money," and " Mademoiselle de Mersac." CHAPTER L FRIENDSHIP. It is now close upon three thousand years since an old King in Jerusalem sat down in some weariness and bitterness of spirit to record Ids conviction that nothing new was discoverable by human wisdom: "The thing that hath beeiy it is that which shall be ; and that which is done is that which shall be done ; and there is no new thing under the sun." . A later and less famous philosopher has added to this that there is nothing true, together with the comfortable conclusion that.**it don't signify." To such extreme lengths ,not many of us will be prepared to go; tilt it will be agreed on all hands that our common mortal nature remains much the same to-day as it was in King Solomon's time. Now, as then, gardens and orchards, men-singera and women-singers, gold and silver, [ ana all the delights of the sons of men can.'bestow nothing but satiety; now, as then, the experience of all the past generation! is of very little service to the passing one; now, as then, the wise man's eyes are in his htad, while the fool walketh in .darkness, and one event .happeneth to them ail; very much the same vices and virtues flourish, and meet with very much the same decree oi recognition. And so, when a small novelist of the nineteenth century takes up his pea to describe, within the limits of his small capacity, that infinitesimal section of humanity which has come under his own observation, no one, surely—except a very unreasonable person—will expect his work to be novel in anything save the name. The following story, then, will professedly contain nothing new. The personages who are to figure in it will be, without exception, unremarkable personages. There will be good and bad folks among them; but none of these will be very good or very bad, and the events of their several,and joint lives will not be half sostartling as many that may be read Of in the newspapers every day. It is to be hoped, however, that readers will not allow themselves to be discouraged by thf candour of this preliminary confession, but wijljtlod cheerfully on; and - who knows but that, before they reach the last words of the last ohapteivthey may light apon something that will be at any rate new to them ? —seeing ' that they will not be all of them Solomons. For, although there be nothing new in the planet which we inhabit, it by no means follows that phenomena calculated to fill us-with the most profound astonishment are not daily occurring upon its surface. Are we not invariably astonished by some proof that our fellow- creatures are made of the same clay as ourselves? Does not ingratitude, for instance, Bhock to the full as much as it angers as, especially when we suffer personally in consequence of it ? When we are brought face to face with selfishness, baseness, infidelity, are we not usually as much surprised at the sorry spectacle as if such failings had never been heard of before, and as if we ourselves were wholly exempt from them? Does any man understand how his neighbour can be so utterly stupid as to fall a victim to self-deception ? All these qualities, and their opposites, will appear incidentally in the course of the ensuing pages; BO that the fault will lie with the writer, not with the subject, if no interest is felt in the persons treated of; the first of whom shall, without further waste of words, be introduced upon the scene as he hurries along the platform of the Charing Cross Station on a bright summer's morning. " Guard," says he, " I want a smoking-carriage." Very good, Sir." And—here you are, guard." Thank you, Sir." " Just lock the door, will you, till we're ©ff? I don't want anybody else in here." " I'll do the best I can, Sir," says the functionary, making use of the time-honoured formula of this .genus; and apparently his efforts to earn five shillings in defiance of the Company's regulations are crowned with the success which honest labour merits, for presently the train glides out of the station with but one-occupant of the carriage in question. The passenger who had displayed so great a love of privacy as to require an entire smoking compartment for his own use lit a cigar, sighed heavily one or twice, and dropped into a brown study, which, judging by tne frown on his brow and the worried egression of his face, must have had some intncate.and perplexing matter for its starting-point. He was a tall, thin man, whom some people might have called fine-looking, but whom no one, probably, would have considered handsome. He had a pair of pleasant brown eyes, a nose which was decidedly too large for beauty, and his mouth was concealed by a long moustache, which he twisted and tugged in the course of his meditations. He had in no way the appearance of a young man, although his age at this time could hardly have exceeded three-and-thirty. Some men, as the casual observer has doubtless noticed, preserve the ways and the air of youth up to the confines of middle age; while others—and these are perhaps the majority—pass through a transition period which is neither the one thing nor the other. Our solitary passenger was of the latter class. The casual observer would scarcely have found anything sufficiently striking about bim to excite curious speculations as to his identity; but no observer, however casual, could have felt one instant's doubt as to what was his calling in life. He was a soldier from the crown of his closely cropped head to the tips of his well- blacked boots; and observers with an . eye for detail might even have formed a tolerably confident guess at the branch of. the service to which he belonged. Had he been an officer of infantry he would not have , had a clearly defined diagonal line across his forehead, separating a corner of white skin' from a larger expanse of red brown; a hussar or a lancer would have been more fashionably, and a plunger more loudly, dressed. There remain tue two scientific corps; and some trifling points about this gentleman, such as his attitude, as he sat slightly sideways, his right leg tucked under the seat and his left stretched out stiffly before him, seemed to harmonise with the iaddresses upon a packet of letters which he presently drew from his pocket— * Captain Kenyon, R.H. A., Aldershot." c He had read his letters before, for the envelopes were all torn open; but possibly he may have desired to refresh his memory by reading them again. He ran through the first two or three briskly enough ; they had a legal aspect, and evidently related to matters of business. But over the last he lingered for along time, often referring back to words already perused, breaking off every now and again to gaze abstractedly out of the window, smiling faintly sometimes, yet sighing even while he smiled, and maintaining always the puzzled and anxious expression of one who has got into a situation of which the full significance is not yet clear to him. This letter was written in a woman's firm, flowing hand, upon paper with a broad black border, and ran as follows:— " Longboume, 18th August. "My dear Hugh, "I ought to nave written before this to thank you for the kind letter which you sent me four months ago; but I am sure that I need not really apologise, and that you will know that I did not value your sympathy the less because ! could not acknowledge it just at once. If £ could have written to anybody, it would have been to you. Now I am quite able to write, and to talk to you too: ana you need not have any scruple about discussing the business matters which you say we must go into, because I want to hear about them, and to know what my duties are, and where lam to begin, and all the rest. " And I do very much Ion" to see you. The others mean to be kind, out they don't understand; and of course they cannot, never having had to suffer in quite the same way that 1 do. It <8 only you who have the secret of putting yourself in everybody's place, and knowing things that you have neverbeen told, and could not have been told. Do you remember how poor old nurse used to say, " There's not a man or woman in Crayminster as can hold a candle to 'Ugh?' And then the person she was addressing would simper, and look down with an air of modest deprecation, till she explained, ' Bless your soul, I don't mean you! I mean "'Ugh Kenyon." I reminded them of it yesterday, when we were talking of your coming down; and. I think they were a little shocked at my laughing. They think I ought not to be able to laugh, and at the same time they talk of the necessity of my 'rousing myself,' and are in a terrible fright lest I should * shut myself up and mope.' My father reminds me that I have many duties and responsibilities to face, and a career of great usefulness open to me; and Mr. Langley warns me to Deware of the temptation of a selfish sorrow, and is convinced that I should be better in mind and body if I went to confession. I don't think I will go to confession; but of course should like to be of use to others, if I can, and I do wish and intend to put my wretched self out of sight, and let my neighboui s suppose that I have ' got over' my trouble, as every one is expected to do after a time. But, oh ! dear old Hugh, you know, if nobody else does, that that is quite an impossibility, and that neither four months, nor four years, nor any number of years can make the smallest difference. It won't be the same Margaret whom you used to chase round the Precincts when she was a child, and whom you used to dance with at the county balls when she was a gawky girl— it won't be that Margaret who will meet you to-morrow, but another person altogether, who has somehow got into her skin, and would give anything to be out of it. I died when Jack aied; that was the end of my happiness and the end of my life. Only some one, who is I and yet not I, has got to live many years longer in a world which is the old world, and yet is a totally new one: for, like auld Robin Gray's wife, ' I'm no like to dee.' And so it is all .bewilderment and a puzzle ; and I think, if any one can give the clue to it, it will be you. You remember how I used to run to you in all my little troubles in the old days—you were always my best friend. And then you were Jack's best friend too. I have got few things of his to give you—his gun, and a trout rod, and some other things. I don't know whether they are good of their kind; but I thought you would like to have them, so I set them aside for you. It has been such a comfort to me that he made you his executor. Old Mr. Stanniforth has writtentc me; but he seemed to think you would tell me all that it was necessary for me to know —and I would very much rather have it so. I can't tell you what a relief it will be to me to be able to talk to some one just as I feeL "Ishould never have ventured to inflict all this rambling egotism upon any one but you, and perhaps, after now, I won't make even that exception; but I know you will forgive it for this once. I have a great deal to tell you and ask you about; but it will be better said than written. " Ever your affectionate friend, " MABGARET STANNTFOBTH.' " A comfort to her that Jack made me his executor.!" muttered'Captain Kenyon, as he restored this letter to his pocket, after having perused it often enough to have learnt its contents bv heart. "I hope it may be a comfort to ner, poor thing ! I hope so, I'm sure, with all my heart. It ain't much of a comfort to me, I know." He sighed, relighted his cigar, which had gone out, ana shifted his place from one side of the carriage to the other and then back again. " Not that I grudge the trouble, mind you," he added, apologetically addressing an imaginary hearer, " nor the—the—awkwardness of it; it isn't that. But " He did not finish the sentence, but presently resumed, in a more decided and cheerful voice " Well, Lord knows how it will all end I but for the present my duty is clear and simple enough; there's some consolation in that. So ne gave his broad shoulders a shake, as though mental burdens could be cast off after that easy fashion, and, turning to the window, looked out at the woods and hills and pastures of the pleasant county where he had been born and bred, and through which the train was now rushing. It was a year since he had last gazed at those familiar scenes and landmarks. Barely twelve months before he had travelled down from Aldershot on just such sunny summer's morning, to be present at a gay wedding at Crayminster Cathedral. It had been his pleasing duty to act as best man on that occasion, and the bridegroom had been his old friend Jack Stanniforth, and the bride his still older friend Margaret Winnington, the daughter of the Bishop. The ceremony had been a grand and largely attended one,and had created no small stir in the county, where Mrs. Winnington, whose eldest daughter had recently been lea to the altar by no less a personage than Lord Travers, enjoyed that mixture of respect, envy, and detraction which commonly falls to the lot of mothers who marry their daughters well. Jack Stanniforth, to be sure, was hardly so big a fish as Lord Travers, being not only unconnected with the aristocracy, but devoid, to all intents and purposes, of so much as an authentic grandfather. But then, as everybody remarked, Kate had been a beauty, whereas Margaret was really almost what you might call a plain girl, and the riches of the Stanniforths were understood to be boundless. Big fish or little fish, Jack had, as a matter of fact, been landed by no skill on the part of his future mother-in-law, but simply by his own goodwill and pleasure. He had been brought down into those waters by Hugh Kenyon, who was thus responsible, if any one was, for his subsequent capture; and it was therefore only right and proper that Hugh should have been present, in his best blue frock coat and with a sprig of stephanotis in his buttonhole, to stand behind the bridegroom on the auspicious day. Of old Mr. Stanniforth, the wealthy Manchester merchant, who dwelt in a palace near the city in which he had made his fortune, and wno rarely stirred beyond his own park gates, Crayminster knew nothing and London very little; but his two sons had the privilege of a large acquaintance in the metropolis and beyond it, and were as popular as rich, well-mannered, and modest men are sure to be. Tom, the elder, had for some time sat as one of the members for a large manufacturing borough ; Jack, the younger, had entered a smart hussar regiment, and had disported himself therein, during the early years of his youth, to the satisfaction of himself and his brother officers, and to the intense admiration of the opposite sex, until he had added to all his other charms the crowning one of inheriting unexpectedly a large fortune by the death of a maternal uncle. Upon this he had sent in his papers; and almost immediately afterwards, having happened to go down to Crayminster with his Mend Kenyon, had seen Margaret, had fallen in love with her, and, after a brief courtship, had proposed and been accepted. Little as Captain Kenyon had foreseen such a result of his introduction of the ex-hussar to the Bishop's family, his share in bringing it about was not the less gratefully and magnanimously acknowledged by Mrs. Winnington. "Dear Hugh," she riad said, in her most benign manner, " I shall never forget, and I am sure Margaret will never forget, that her happiness 1ms come to her through you." And this compliment should have been the more agreeable to its recipient, inasmuch as Mrs. Winnington had not always been used to address him in so friendly a tone. Of course—as she would often explain to her intimates—she was devoted to dear old Hugh, and during the lifetime of her uncle the DeaD he had almost lived in the house, and had been quite like a son to herself and an elder brother to her daughters; but now that Kate fend Margaret were growing up, one really had to be a little more careful; because people would talk, and there was no saying what preposterous notions men might not get into their heads if proper precautions were not taken to nip such notions in the bud. There had, therefore, been occasions upon which a sense of duty had led Mrs. Winnington to turn the cold shoulder to her dear old Hugh, and to point out to him with somewhat unnecessary emphasis how great was the disparity of years between him and the young ladies to whom he had been "quite like an elder brother." Now a glance at Hart's Army List would have disclosed the fact that Jack Stanniforth was only Captain Kenyon's junior by a year; but, as has been already remarked, some men are young up to the verge of middle age, while others have ceased to toe so before they are out of the twenties ; and Jack certainly belonged to the former^ and Hugh to the latter category. He had, indeed,Ibeen so long accustomed to hearing himself addressed as " old Hugh," that he had ended by accepting the adjective in its literal sense and acquiescing in its propriety; nor had he failed to join in the laughter which arose from all sides when the bridegroom, in returning thanks at the wedding breakfast, had ex pressed a hope that his best man would soon f ollow his bright example. Old Hugh was so evidently a predestined old bachelor. Immediately after the wedding the young couple had started for Switzerland and Italy upon a tour which was prolonged far beyond the limits of ordinary honeymoons, the excuse for their protracted absence being that their new home could not possibly be made ready to receive them in less than six months at earliest. This new home was that fine old place Longbourne, near Crayminster, for many generations the residence of the Brune family. It had come into the market some years previously, owing to the necessitous circumstances of the owner, and had found a purchaser in Mr. Stanniforth of Manchester. What could have been Mr. Staniforth's object in acquiring an estate which he had scarcely seen and showed no disposition to occupy was a puzzle to everybody, until the construction of the Crayminster and the Craybridge branch line, which cut through an angle of the property, with satisfactory results to the pocket of its new owner, seemed to throw tome light upon the mystery. Now, the old gentleman, in an easy and princely fashion, had offered Longbourne as a wedding; gift to his second son, stipulating only that ne should be allowed to ut the (place in order before the bride and Eridegroom took possession of it. They, for their part, were nothing loth to consent to an arrangement which promised them a somewhat longer holiday under southern skies; and so architects and artists, landscape- gardeners, stonemasons, and upholsterers had come down from London in a small army, and had busied themselves throughout the winter in beautifying the house and grounds, which were destined never to be enjoyed by those for whose sake all this expense and trouble had been incurred. For, one afternoon, Jack Stanniforth, a strong man, who had scarcely known what illness was in the course of his merry life, rode back to Rome feeling tired and chilled after hunting on the Campagna; and the next day he took to his bed ; ana before the week was out he was dead and buried. Under the shock of this sudden and terrible calamity the young widow had fallen into a sort of stupor, which at first caused considerable alarm both to her friends and to her medical advisers. The latter had enjoined absolute rest, change of scene, a bracing atmosphere, and what not—since doctors, when they are called in, must needs enjoin something—and Mrs. Winnington had hastened out to Italy, and had taken her daughter, passive and indifferent, to the Engadine. After a time Margaret had rallied, had returned by her own desire to England, and had taken up her residence at Longbourne. where it now became necessary that Hugh Kenyon should seek her out, in order to explain to her the provisions of her husband s will, under which he and the dead man's father had been appointed executors and trustees. Such was the condensed tragedy of which the details passed quickly through Captain Kenyon's mind as he sat looking out of the railway carriage window. And as he remembered it all, and how, only the other day, he had travelled over the same ground on his way down to the wedding; and how, but a few months before that, Margaret had not even seen the man who was to be her husband; be could not help saying to himself that it was impossible that so brief an episode— however terrible it might be—should cast a permanent gloom over a young life. " It isn't the same thing," he mused, " it can't be the same thing, as losing a husband or a wife after twenty years of married life. That would be like having an arm or a leg cut off—there would be something gone from one which one could never forget nor replace. But this—well, this is more like having a. tooth out; a wrench and a howl, and all's over." Then, repenting of having used so homely a metaphor, even in thought, he muttered sadly, " Poor Jack—poor old fellow J" Presently the train drew up in the Crayminster Station, and a groom in mourning livery came to the door and touched bis hat The dog-cart was waiting outside, he said, and was there any luggage, please? No]; Kenyon answered, there was no luggage; he was going back that same evening. He climbed into the dog-cart, but declined to take the reins. With an" odd sort of pang and feeling of compunction, he had recognised the cart as one that Jack used to drive, and the horse as one of his friend's ola hunters. As the vehicle clattered through the narrow streets of the old town, more than one pedestrian nodded and waved his hand to its occupant; but Hugh, who kept his eyes obstinately fixed upon his boots, saw none of these friendly signals. He knew that by no possibility could he traverse Crayminster on any day of the week without encountering at least a dozen acquaintances ; and he was afraid of being stopped and questioned. Therefore he would not look up, and was relieved when he had left the town behind him and was well out into the open country. Halt an hour s drive, at first across broad water-meadows and then through woods and up a long gradual incline, brought him to the lodge gates of Longbourne—new gates and a new lodge, as Hugh observed. He had known the place well in the late Mr. Brune's time, and was prepared to find it altered, not altogether for the better, by the touch of the Manchester millionaire. It appeared, however, that Mr. Stanniforth's taste, or the taste of those employed by him, nad been better than Hugh had anticipated; for the alterations were not conspicuous, and such as there were were of a kind to which exception could not be taken. In the undulating park and in the long avenue of limetrees, which was the pride of Longbourne, there was no room for change; only the gardens had been extended and improved; new lawns and terraces had been laid out, and brilliant masses and ribbons of colour replaced the scanty and ill-tended flower-beds of former years. The house itself, a red-brick structure, which, like most country houses of its date, was said to have been built after designs of Inigo Jones, showed no traces of interference, except in so far as that its white stone facings nad been renewed or cleaned; no plate-glass had superseded the many panes of *the large oblong windows, nor was the long flat fa.9ade disfigured by any modern bows or bays. But when once the hall-door was passed, Hugh found himself upon totally unknown ground. Under the Brune regime the furniture of the mansion had been meagre and its servants few; now there was perhaps rather a superabundance of both. The entrancehall was embellished with antlers, with old carved-oak chests and cabinets, with huge vases of Oriental china and with armchairs in stamped leather. The drawing-room, into which Hugh was ushered, had been despoiled of its tarnished gilding, its brocade and threepile Axminster; and in lieu of these departed glories was a more sober style of decoration; subdued colouring; a few paintings by old Dutch masters; chairs, sofas, and tables more valuable than resplendent. E verything was perfectly correct—a little too correct, Hugh" thought; for at the time with which we are concerned correctness of upholstery had not yet become the chief aim and object of the British householder. The place looked a trifle cold and stiff and uninhabited ; and over the whole establishment there brooded the solemn hush of wealth. While _ Captain Kenyon was proceeding with his unspoken criticisms the door opened, and a tall, slim woman, dressed in widow's weeds, entered, and held out her hand to him, saying, "How do you do, Hugh ?" in a low, quiet voice. Though he could hardly have been unprepared for the appearance of this lady, he started as violently as if he had seen a ghost, and finding not a word to say, grasped her hand silently, while he looked into ner face with an eager, questioning gaze. The face that he scanned so anxiously was not beautiful, nor even pretty. For one thing, it was extremely pale, with that grey pallor which comes only from illness or suffering; and, as is often the case with fair-complexioned women, the colourlessness was not confined to the cheeks, but seemed to have extended to the hair and eyes, the former of which ought to have been, but was not, golden, while the latter ought to have been, but were not, blue. An oldfashioned passport would prohably have summed up the remaining features tersely with " forehead high, nose ordinary, mouth rather large." It was, however, an honest, trustworthy,_ and kind face—a face which all dogs and children, and some discriminating adults, understood and loved at the first glance. Margaret Stanniforth had never been accounted a beauty, yet she never lacked admirers ; and, when in the glow of youth and health, she might even have passed for a pretty girl, had she not happened to be the plain one of a family somewhat notorious for good looks. For the rest, she had a good figure; she carried her head well, as all the Winningtons do, and she had, as they all have, a certain undefinable grace and air of good breeding. The sight of her in those deep mourning robes almost unmanned the soft-hearted Hugh ; and, instead of one of the brisk little cheerful speeches which he had" rehearsed on his way from the station, he blurted out something awkward and incoherent, at last, about never having thought he should meet her again like this ; but she had the quiet ease of manner which belongs to unselfish people, and she gave him time to recover himself by talking about the proposed restoration of the Cathedral, and her father's speech in the House of Lords, and other matters which could be treated of without danger of disturbance to any one's equanimity. " Are you all alone here?" Hugh asked at length. " I am now. I had two of the boys with me until yesterday : but they have gone back to school." She added after a pause, "My mother is very kind, and would stay with me as long as I likedj but of course she is wanted at home; and, as I shall have to be a great deal by myself in future, I thought it was better to begin at once." She spoke without a tremor in her voice, quite calmly and almost coldly ; and Hugh was just the least bit in the world disappointed and chilled. Her speech was so very unlike her letter, he thought. But then the speech of most people is unlike their letters. Presently luncheon was announced, and he had to seat himself opposite Mrs. Stanniforth in a dining-room, or rather dining-hall, which would have accommodated fifty guests comfortably. He had hoped that a cover might have been laid for hi™ beside her, for he had an uncomfortable feeling about occupying Jack's place; but the butler had probably ozrittea to take this delicate scruple into account. The repast was prolonged and very dreary. The table, though narrowed to its smallest dimensions, was still a long one; and Hugh and Margaret laboriously kept up conversation in a high key across it, conscious all the time of being furtively watched by a discreet butler and two stealthy giants in mourning livery. Hugh thought to himself that, if he were Margaret, and if he were compelled to eat his meals every day with three respectful pairs of eyes fixed upon him, he should infallibly go out of his senses in less than a week. Perhaps she guessed what was passing through his mina, for as soon as they were alone she said, laughing a little,. " Those servants are a terrible ordeal to me.' I found them here when I arrived; Mr. Stanniforth had supplied them, with the furniture and carriages and all the rest. I am hoping that you will tell me I must dismiss at least two of them." " Oh, I don't think there will be any need for that," answered Hugh. "No? So much the worse for me, then. Shall we go back to the drawing-room now, and get our business talk over?" Jack Stanniforth's will was a portentous document of the old fashioned pattern, drawn up for him by his father's lawyers and signed by him on his wedding-day. The effect of it —there being no child born of the marriage— was that, subject to the usual restrictions, his widow took a life- interest in all his property, real and personal; which, together with her settlements, would give her an income of from fourteen to fifteen thousand a year. But it took Captain Kenyon some little time to state this simple fact. He was a man of an orderly and slowly-moving mind, and he thought it incumbent upon him to explain the will, clause by clause, going into many details which his hearer only half understood, and with which it is needless that the reader should be worried. " Fifteen thousand a year!" ejaculated Margaret, with a sigh, wheu he had at last reached his conclusion ; " that sounds an enormous sum of money." " Well, yes; it is a large sum. Not so large as it might have been if we had not been so tied down as to investments ; still " "Still, enough to live upon with strict economy." interrupted Margaret, with a slight laugh. " Hugh," she added suddenly, " do you know what I should like to do ?" " Yes; you would like to give away the whole of it to somebody without loss of iime." _" Not exactly that; but I should like to give Longbourne away; or at least to restore it to its proper owner. To Mr. Stanniforth, do you mean ?" " No ; to the Brunes. It really belongs to them, you know; we have no "right to the lace. Jack felt that very strongly, and he Sid not at all like the idea of coming to live here. He always used to say that Mr. Brune had been deprived of his property by an .unfair bargain." 1" Hardly that, I think. Of course it was bit of bad luck for him. If he had held on a little longer the railwav would have put him pretty nearly straight, I suppose; but no one could have foreseen that at the time of sale." Margaret was silent. " At all events," she said presently, " I want to let him have his own back now, if it can be managed." " But, my dear Margaret, it cannot possibly be managed." "Why not?" " For many good reasons; but one of them is final. The place is not yours to dispose of. Iam afraid I must have explained matters very stupidly: but the fact is that you are only a tenant for life." "It is I who was stupid; I ought to have listened more attentively. And what becomes of Longbourne after my death ?" " Well, then it goes, with the rest of the property, to Tom Stanniforth or his heirs." "Tom Stanniforth will have more money than he will know what to do with," observed Margaret. "I am sure he would willingly surrender his chance of inheriting Longbourne." " I am not much of a lawyer; but I almost doubt whether he could. In any case, Mr. Brune would not be very likely to accept a gift of an estate from a stranger; and he could not buy it back. I used to see the elder brother sometimes in years gone by: this one I hardly knew; but from what I have heard of him I should think he was about the last man in the world to whom one could venture to propote such a thing. _ Margaret rose, ana walked to the window. " Ah, well," she said, " it was only an idea of mine; I scarcely expected to be aole to carry it out. But, Hugh, I feel almost certain of one thing: I shall never be able to go on living here." Hugh wrinkled up his forehead, and looked distressed. If he had felt free to speak out plainly the thought that was in his mind, he would have answered, " I am sure you won't. Flesh and blood couldn't stand it." But women are so uncertain, and so prone to act upon impulse; and it is not always wise or kind to show all the sympathy that one may feeL Upon the whole it seemed best to reply, " I wouldn't do anything in a hurry if I were you." Margaret went on, as if she hadjnot heard him. " It isn't the solitude that I mind; I could be'coutented enough in a little cottage, with a cook and a housemaid to look after me; but I was never meant to rule over a large establishment. The small worries of it suffocate me. One would think that a great sorrow like mine, ought to make me indifferent to small worries; but somehow or other it doesu't. You would be amused if you knew how frightened I am of the servants. There is an old housekeeper, a Mrs. Prosser, who was here under Mr. Brune, and who took care of the house all the time that it stood empty, after Mr Stanniforth bought it. I am obliged to have an interview with her every morning, and she is very respectful and deferential; but of course she" looks upon me as an interloper, and she has a way of standing with her hands clasped before her, turning one thumb slowly over the other and staring at me with her little black eyes, which makes me so nervous that I hardly know what I am saying to her." Give her the sack." " I don't think I should ever dare. And there would be no excuse for sending her away either, for, as far as I can judge, she is an admirable housekeeper. Besides, the butler and the coachman are quite as bad in their way. Sometimes I have thought of entering a sisterhood. Would that be very wrong, do you think ? " "I don't think it would be wrong," answered Hush slowly; " but——" " Yes; I know there are a great many buts; too many for me to think, except in a vague sort of way, of doing such a thing as yet. I keep it as a last resource—in case I should find my life quite unbearable." Captain Kenyon had risen, and was standing beside her at the window now. " Oh, Hugh," she said suddenly, clasping her hands round his arm, " what am I to do ? What am I to do with my life ? " " My dear," he answered, greatly moved and full of pity, yet quite unable to express what he felt, "how can I tell you ? You must have patience. When things go wrong with us, there is nothing for it but patience." After all, it is seldom by speech that a sense of sympathy and friendship is conveyed. Perhaps no eloquence could have given Margaret more comfort than these few words from a friend who was himself always patient, always brave, and whose life had heen full of petty troubles, arising for the most part out of the lack of that which she found so heavy a burden. " I will try," she said, straightening herself up. " Only it seems to me that it would be so much easier if I were not rich. Everybody keeps repeating to me that money is such a blessing, ana that I ought to be so thankful for it; and yet what can it do for me? Nothing—absolutely nothing! " ''It is at least so far a blessing that it brings independence with it. ' " But if one does not want 1 to be independent ? I am one of those weak people' who are born to be subordinates and to be told their duty day by day. Is there no way in which I could rid myself of this enormous income ?" " I'm afraid not. You see, the will says— let me see; where is it? Oh, here—'Truscs."' And Hugh began reading in a hurried, mumbling voice—' To be received by her my said wife for her own use and benefit during her life or until she shall marry again or untu she shall sell assign mortgage or charge or otherwise encumber the same or attempt so to do or shall do or suffer or become subject or liable to some act proceeding matter or thing whereby the same interest dividends ana annual produce if payable to her absolutely for her life would become vested in or payable to some other person or persons Provided nevertheless and '" "Oh, never mind," interrupted Margaret, with a half laugh. "I quite understand that there is no legal way out of the difficulty." And she wondered why a slight flush had mounted into Hugh's brown cheeks while he had been reading, and why he looked so oddly, and was such a long time in folding up the big document again. How could she tell that he had loved her almost from her childhood ? How could she tell that her marriage to his friend had shattered all his hopes and day-dreams? How could she tell that that possibility of her re-marriaee, contemplated as a mere formality by the will, was one that, despite poor Hughes honest efforts to banish it from his mind, was forcing its way thither every day and every hour? These were secrets wmch Captain Kenyon had hitherto successfully kept, and was likely to continue to keep to himself. If, in the depths of his heart, he had begun to look forward to some remote future time, at which Margaret, having read and re-read this dark page of her life, might find that the power was still in her to open a fresh one, and if he had heard with a certain inward exultation of her anxiety to be free from that wealth which must needs be hers so long as she bore the name of Stanniforth, he was sincerely ashamed of such thoughts, and did his best to stifle them. For he had been loved and trusted by the-man who was dead; he was trusted, and in a manner also loved, by the dead man's widow ; and to be gailty of an unspoken treachery to either of them was what he could not bear without selfreproach. But if the tongue is an unruly member, the brain is a substance yet more unruly, and is wont to assert its independence after a specially vexatious fashion when it receives direct orders from the will. Therefore this conscientious executor and compassionate friend was ill at ease, and discharged himself of his double functions in an awkward, gailty, and half- hearted manner, He fancied, at le?st, that he was doing so; as a fact, he could hardly have shown greater kindness to Margaret than bv abstaining as he did, from counsel or consolation, and by listening to her in silence while she told him of the incidents of her short wedded life and of the swift catastrophe which had closed it. She shed no tears; she had a low, pleasantly modulated voice; she talked so calmly that it might almost have been the story of another woman's life that she was relating. Pacing by her side along the shady lawns, he heard her with a mixture of pleasure and pain and hoplessness. He knew—though she never said so—that he was the first person to whom she had spoken so openly since her husband's death ; he knew that she was treating him with a confidence which she would not have reposed in her father or mother; but this knowledge made him neither more sanguine nor lees remorseful. " You will come and see me again soon, won't you ? " she asked, when the time came for him to bid her good-bye. And he answered hurriedly, " Yes ; as soon as I can—that is, as soon as you please. I can almost always get away for a day now ; and you know you can't give n.e greater pleasure than by sending for me whenever you want me." Nevertheless, as he drove away, he hoped that no very speedy summons from ner would reach him. Such advice or assistance as it was in his power to give her would be more easily and safely conveyed by letter than by word of mouth, he thought; and it even occurred to him once or twice tc regret that he had not effected an exchange to India which had been upon the point of arrangement when the news of Jack Stanniforth's death and his own appointment as executor had caused him to abandon the project. On the platform he encountered the Bishop of Crayminster, who was on his way to hold a series of confirmations in neighbouring towns, and who hurried up to Mm with trembling hands outstretched. " Ah, my dear Kenyon, my dear friend, this is a sad meeting • You have been with our poor Margaret—poor dear!—poor dear! How little we anticipated this a year ago!" The Bishop of Crayminster was a tall, thin, old gentleman, with a weak, handsome face, blue eyes, and white hair. He spoke habitually in tremulous lachrymose accents, addressed all men as "my dear friend," was greatly beloved by the clergy of his diocese and commiserated by their wives, who asserted that Mrs. Winnington ruled bim with a rod of iron. "I should like much to have a few minutes' conversation with youf" he said, casting an imploring glance at his chaplain, who discreetly got into a carriage lower down in the train, leaving Hugh to enter the empty compartment which nad been reserved for the Bishop. "And how did you find her?" asked the latter, when the train had begun to move. " Sadly altered, I fear; terribly shaken and bowed down?" "Well, no," answered Hugh, "I can't sav that she struck me as being exactly that. Of course she feels the loneliness of her position a good deal, and the—the weight of her wealth, you know." "Ah yes, dear me, yes I Riches are indeed a doubtful blessing.' But we must not repine. Poverty is perhaps a more severe triaL" " Perhaps it is." "In some ways—in some ways. I don't know what she will do with herself, poor child." " She spoke of entering a sisterhood," Hugh remarked. " The Bishop threw up his white hands in dismay. " A sisterhood ! Oh, my dear friend, I trust you dissuaded her from taking so serious a step as that." " Oh, I don't think she contemplated it very seriously. In time, I dare say, she will learn to stand alone; but it comes a little hard upon a woman just at first" "It does—it does indeed. Her mother thinks—of course it is early days yet to speak of anything of the kind; but mothers will look forward—she thinks that dear Margaret may eventually marry again. Perhaps we ought to hope that it may be so. I doubt whether our dear Margaret's shoulders are broad enough to bear the car is of life unaided." _ " If she does marry again she will be delivered from the cares of a large fortune," said Hugh bluntly. "Her interest in Stanniforth's estate terminates with her death or remarriage." "Eh?—really? I don't think Mrs. Winnington—I—er—I did not understand that. Is it not rather an—unusual arrangement ?" I believe not at alL" " Ah, well; I am very ignorant of such matters—very ignorant. Can this be Craybridge already? Well, my dear friend, 1 must bid you goodbye. I trust we shall see you in these parts again before long. Dear Margaret, I know, leans very much upon your help and advice; and Iam sure you will advise her wisely." The Bishop had taken Hugh's big brown hand, and was patting it paternally. " We must ti ast to time and Providence," he said, " and not try overmuch to rule the destinies of others. For my own part, I am disposed to be of St. Paul's mind with regard to widows. They are happier if they so abide— happier if they so abiae." And with that His Lordship descended slowly to the platform, and shuffled away on his chaplain's arm. 