INSPIRATION AND REVELATION. Profossor Cliarfcons, D.D., of tho JJjcunburgh University, lias just finished tho delivery of the fourth triennial course of locturcs founded by tho late Mr John Oroal. Tho Bubject of this year's courso'.was "Tho CanomcityanuAutnonty of tho Books of tho Now Testament Scripturo." The subject of the second locturo was "Inspir ation and Revelation." The following condensed report contains much that is worthy of consider ation. Dr Charteris said that while tho Scrip tures claim to bo tho Word of God, they do not enable us to ascortain the nature or oxtont of inspiration. There is much to-be said for the position of thoso who hold that Scripturo, if it- bo the Word'of God, mtist'liavo been absolutely and unalterably true in every word, syllable, ahdtietterj as'it was first given to and by anin- i spirdd mtirir' For if there bo error in any ono i point; however riiiriuto, . how 'should we be sure ! that there could not bo error in till? But on tho other hand; there is 'much to be snid for thoso lyho. qccoptriyithout reserve tlie authority of Sqnptui ian ,'infalliblo revelation, and yet be- Msye.-that they; are independent of discoveries of terrors' in subsidiary portions of tho canon. Theylboliove. tliat'i the human oloment in the Scriptures mixcs.witlithe divine as humannature with tlie work of the Holy Spirit in the be liever's, heart and life, but yet always so that the' Spirit' on tlie. whole rules and wins the victory and accomplishes' tlie will of God. Thoro is'nViicIi'to be' said on both those two sides, and we do not see why. good men may not agree -to differ within1 tlie limits we have endeavoured to outline. We cannot say that Soripture in any part/ jjj biily divine; '.or, Oil' tlio other hand, that itiV' only ' .human.' No man now main tain 'tliat" tlie Scripturo was dictated by God to men- wlio rocoived it passively. It in felt that the li'uminU'speakfar /has liis, own idiosynoracies :in his message, as. well astliadiyine influence under which ho spoke./Thus thoro is always the human element, but thero is also always the divine., , tThe future, is foretold, ; spiritual things are , declared, -heavenly things are described, so as: to showthat'the Supremo Author of tho.book is, not man. .but God; s Tho Now Testament itself j gives us a formula to express the whole when it i says;1' ft David' spake by 'tho Holy Spirit," or , « Well spake1 the Holy Ghost by Esaitis." No J promise is made that all the words of Jesus and i . of 'His apostles would bo infallibly or miracu- | lously preserved. On the contrary, John says 1 thftl;.NieWorlti would not contain tho books that ij might' ha yf'ritton, arid, as a matter of fact, wo | find that! God, has hot preserved by miracle every. :j word and tittle of tho books tliat have been given 1 to us. But wliilo.we cannot claim that the 1 Bible has. been miraculously preserved, wo can | certainly appeal ito the special providence which, 5 in the dispersion of the .;Jews,; furnished a ' guarantee for the substantial permanence of the p, Hehrowtbdok's in their original form ; and in the j wide diffusion of the Christian Church from the- | very first; gave a similar guarantee for the in- j) togrity "of tlie 'Books of ; NOw, Testament Scrip- |.i ture. There is ndtluiig.,tb cause us to believe f that rnan' begqn religion at liis oiyn hand. Every- (l thing seems now to tend towards a scientific 3 osfablj&luiient; qf, the qhl! faith in a primeval re- 3 ligion, "which men corrupted into various forms .j of heathenism. But, turning to the Bible itself, y we find a progress of 'revelation from the promise it which led to Evo's pathetic cry at tho birth of Cain 'on through tlie clearer utterances of -David j and Isaiah, till iu tlio fulness of time Christ £ same.- This, -however, is not, as Lessing, would ' have it, a mero; advance in human reason by ' revelation anticipating reason. Tho Biblo claim 'i alif ays;,isi -that each stage of advancement in 'j religion,is ;tlie result- of. a new revelation by i God, iahd not of: a new discovery by men. ; -ytf-mrl.tiit! ' ' " — « 