GENERA4L NY WS. A MAIisur'IALT Gnos,--Tho Corowa cor respondent of the Albtur Biannr writes: "For years it has beenriepotted that tlhe ghost of a murdeeodlmhauhiiunted thle Hill. bong. I have much pleasure in informing canyltravellors that the reported Billabog, ghost, owing- to the late stringent measures adopted by the Stock and Pastures Board, has fallen a victim to the rifle of the hunter. It turns out to be a white kangaroo, the skin of which has been purchased by Mr. H.. Culley, of UTrana." HOW A MA CAN C mcDeCOEs wIa OWN SoN -The Euroypran ~ail just to hand says A mfrriage is arranged between tho Duke of WVestminster, K.G., and the Honourable Katlherine-Catroline Cavendish, the third daughter of Lord and Lady Chesham. Miss Cavendish is a very charming and pretty young lady, who is just?over twenty four years of age. The duke, on the othrr hand, is over fifty-seven years df age, and in fact thirty-two years andftwo nmonths older than his bride. He has been a widower over flftleen mn nths. Whatmakes this iniirriage somewhat remarkable is that, although there is no blood relationship whatever bet\veen the bride and tlhe bride groom, there is already between thom a connection by marriage. Mlizs Cavendish's eldest brbther, Captain Cavendlish, married the Duke's daughter, Lady Beatrice Gros v'enor, upwards of four years ago, and has a son, Charles Wilhlam Hugh, by her, now throee years and a half old. Captain Caven dish will tlherefore become the brother-in law of his father-in-law; his son, Charles William Hugh, will become the nephew of his own grandfather, and any son born of the Duke's seoond marriage will be at once the brother and the nephew of Lady Beatrice Cavendish. The Duke willbecome the uncle of his grandson, arind tli i brotlher in-law of his own daughter, and thus in a souse lhe will be his own son.. CouNT n BL'AUroNT IN Tnouin .-The niman Henry Bryant, alainas Do Beauinont, who recently hoaxed the Aga with:a story of alleged Russian designs on Melbourne, was arrested by senior eqnstableJohnston at Tallarook on Tuesday morning on tWo charges of imposition. It ie alleged that on Satu~nday last Bryant purchased a ngold geoeova hunting watch, a gold neckchain, a gold ring, and other articles from a hawker named lovy Perl, iat Tallarook, and gave two cheques on payment, one for.£lO on the Bank of Now South Wales at Melbourne, purport~ing to be signed by D. Symoe and Co., and the other for £2 10s, on the Commeroiai Bank at Broadford, purporting to be signed by Edward ~Hunty andCo. Thoflrstchoequo was made payable to Mr. Henry, and the second to Mr. Perl, but on being presented at the banks tlhey were found to be valueless. The hawker comhudiudatod with Inspector Sooretan, of the doteobiive doepartment, who caused the information to be ciroulated in the district, with :a description of the. offender, which resiulted in Bryant being arrested as he was about to leave the locality yesterday. Tihe prisoner, who gave the name of Edward Henry, and stated that he was a native of Jersey, carried a capped and loaded pil in his pooket at the timoe of his appreo. hson. He was remioved to the Kilmore' look-up,. There are several similar' char~ges to be preferred against the prisoner in Mel-. bourne and the suburbs., ' ' ?TwxNTY-NINcE A0'rIOos ' AGAIINsT IIIn, GovsuNniTe.-- The Supreme Court Judges (says the H. News, of 'Wedioesday last) have by an order set down'the whole of the 'now pending actions, ipio for trial, against one or.other of the Government departments for hearing.. to-day, at the Court House, Darlinghurst. The anotions number 29, the majority boing merelyissues to ascertain the value of land compulsorily resuhiod by theo Gbvfniii out for public purposes. The whole of the rosumption: oase? willbe in teroesting in toesting the value of elaid in various .localities, ,and more' pairticnlarl'" thliose portions haiving Water frontagis.' ' gdodly nuinber, ianid: proaumably the 'minost important'of'theo onses, are 'marked speciel ury causes. His Honor Sir James Martln (Chief Justice) is ,the,-presiding judgq, airrot;t' r.' Cmnmissloner of Woreks. Thise vhas:an isieuoto assess' th'ovaluo of a pieceo of dand ivith 15 houses thereon, situated at the head of Darling Harbour, and resumied by the 'Government fo'F wharf .go and wool storing purposes. The land has a frontago ito, the' riilway line at Darling Harbour of 498 feet, and also oxtousive frontagos to William Henry, PI'yrmont, and Quarry streets, The land is stated to contain a valuable bed of stoneo sutlioont in quantity tobbuild the proposed stores or sheds, with, The Governimont offer 'is £8750, while the litntiff olanims £20,180, It was arranged that a Voiew of the' Ioue 'hi quo should take place, and. his Honor announced that no othor case would be' takeon toaday (Wedaes 'day). ' .. ..' .. '. ',',"": Danwv?Ns ]UlFo atrrj,-On Wodnesdayi April S20,1 vas the day on which Darwin was burled in Wuatmnmstoe Abboy r it was also theo. anniversary 'of :Lord.Boiabonfieflld's funeraldln thelio parish hurch of I-gho?nlaon,' The latter event was coiineonorated by a prdsentatlon'of floial gifts to Ulighondon COhurch, and by sevoral Conservative feasts, at which lthe ininory of the Conservative statsoman was drunk in solemn silonce, Theo romainils of Darwin. wore conmuitod' to their Inst rostlng.phcoid inb i national Val" lhalh, in the presence of one of the most illustrious crowds thatl' oever assoembled within the preooincts oven of that historio fano. Sevoral of Ithe chief sbatosmnn. of both parties woronthbro, many. mnembers of both Houses of Parliament', the most fanlous prlfossors of ilodrt solonuco, dis tinguisled.dologahte of all the learned prI. fenslous and soclties, roeresontatives of Oxford, Caimbrldge, and other Univorsltlos, as well' ais of miny of the sulontillc bodloes on the Contillnolt;. Tho nonation, proddoud throughout .iEuropo by D)arwV 'e death lhas boou prof'oind, .1I:o is as mluch honourodil foreign oltios Ias in his. own, and the cli0gf organus of publio olip?h,. n :b'ranoo, Gor mlany, Itly, husen. u istt'la have "do voted art leOs to him, i 'liwi h Iai placo as one wivlo worked aI rovolitlion, niot only in niatural slience, but in the whole world of lunuuni tlhought, is onthusulatllOally recog ulzedl. :Nor have the slnIIIplleltbanti boautny oi' D)arrwlh's lifo and chaIracIor pasosed un. notloodl. :lo led the oxisenceu of a disin termiUted and devoted seooker i,:or trunth, 1[i roctolvod no reward otlr hionuuurs of state,. lie was content to end ibs daysl ill the quiet KIanl;islh homo whloro for nearly half a eon btury lieo dlie piiUi d his lltipmttons Into natiire, 