if SWORN FRIENDS. BY A. HALES. w CONTINUED. A few hours after, when his lawyer came to see him George asked to be informed fairly how his case stood. The lawyer looked hard at him for a moment, then putting his hand on the prisoner's shoulder, said — 1 George Hedley, a week hence you will be a con- demned man, unless Providence intervenes in some un expected manner, and clears up the mystery that hangs around this matter. I for one do not believe you guilty.' ' Thanks,' said George, briefly. 'Well, Mr. Pentle- bury, I'll do one good actioh before I go.' ' I am glad to hear you say so. May I ask what it is?' " I will do Ethel Kingsfield justice. I will marry her, and bequeath her all my property before my trial.' ' That is just, George, and i am glad to hear it.' And the honest old man was present at the ceremony in flin flinoif rn«icAn noil flivon rlo-cra nffor f.Vin-f morln All Vili J wV viwjrw George Hedley and Ethel Kingsfield man and wife. But let us look on Arthur Whittleton now. Captain Whittleton was doing all that a noble man could do to fulfil the vow he had made to the fair En glish girl. Right bravely had he striven to gain honour and renown in that distant land, nor was it long ere he distinguished himself by his reckless bravery, although : tlire were many there alike reckless of life and limb, whose hearts were strangers to fears. Still he was soon noticed7 for bis reckless. and gallant bearing in the field of battle, and his kind and" courteous conduct towards llis-men. They would,heUcWd him willingly any- wheie, even to the jaws, of dth'.i/ 1 > He, with the GeheraVand fchcr/Offiicers attached to the stall", were on a slight eminence, oycrjooking the field of baulc — for a battle was being fdnght; aii(i it wa'8;, going hard with the mere handful of British-; solHierg! who were now acting, and right nobly did they fight : l'or the honour of old England. Suddenly, one of the officers exclaimed — ' Good God ! General, did you notice that fellow.' As he spoke, he pointed to a mounted rebel, who was trailing the British ensign in the dust. The General turned pale with rage and indignation, and curses loud and deep fell from the lips of all present. Again and again did the fellow, who was a lieutenant of mounted horse, ride forth fearlessly, where he might plainly be seen by every one of the British troops. At length the aged General gave vent to his feelings in words — ' Curse the copper coloured scoundrel. I'd drag him at my horse's tail if I had him here ! Who will rescue that standard ?' he asked. Scarcely had the words left his lips, ere Arthur Whittleton, plunging his spurs into his horse's flanks, dashed out on the level plain. No sooner was his intention guessed by the troops, than they sent up a terrific cheer, and his own regiment, especially, were unbounded in their praise of his gal lantly. He turned in his saddle and waved his hand, as if in farewell, as he passed, for he loved the brave fellows who had followed him so faithfully into every danger. The rebel officer did not at first understand the meaning of one soldier advancing to meet him, but when he did, he showed no desire to evade the contest, but waited patiently until his opponent was within twenty yards of him, when putting spurs to his steed, he bore down upon the foe. He was evidently a splendid horse man from the way in which he managed his steed, and proved equally skilful as a swordsman, for at the first pass Captain Whittleton was severely wounded, whilst his dusky antagonist passed by unscathed. Again they wheeled, and again their swords crossed, flashing and gleaming in the sunlight. This time the Captain fought with greater coolness, for he found he had no mean foe to contend with. All the lessons he had learnt in the old boxing days seemed to flash before his mind's eye in one short moment. Again he could hear the voice of Sprite Hockey telling him to " hit straight and keep cool," and all his fiery excitement vanished like magic, and lie fought coolly, but not less courageously. This proved his salvation, for his op ponent was a better swordsixian, and His steed was per fectly trained, and seomed to watch every movement of his master's body, as if ho were part of it ; but the cool and determined courage of the Englishman appeared to daunt him, and he fought fiercely and recklessly. His white teeth gleaming beneath his dusky moustache fiercely set, seemed like a tiger's, and his fine dark eyos were literally ablaze with fury. In his left hand ho held the standard, and it was quite clear that he would not part with it with life. Suddenly, the Captain seized the flag, and tried to wrench it fro' iAmpoiient's grasp ; but the attempt a sudden back stroke, ' inflicted a foarful gash on the Englishman's cheek. Both men wheeled back at the same moment, and the rebel, sure of his foe, dashed rapidly forward and recklessly tried to cut him down. Although severely wounded, the Englishman's cool ness never deserted him, and parrying his opponent's stroke, he passed his own good blade clean through his opponents body. With a wild yell the rebel threw his hands in the air and expired. The Captain then tried to wrench the standard from the dead man's grasp, but in vain ; not even in death would he release his hold of that coveted prize. So the the Captain, with no more ado, severed his hand from the body, and rode back to the commanding officer with the flag he had rescued. As he passed the British lines, cheer after cheer broke forth to welcome him from his daring enterprise, but when he passed his own regiment, they would not be restrained, and in spite of their officers, rushed from their ranks and surrounded him, shaking his hand, throwing their caps in the air, and cheering again and again, until they brought the colour back to his pale cheeks, for he was faint from loss of blood . The General perceiving this, ordered one of his officers to sound a hasty retreat. The soldiers no sooner heard this, than imagining the foe were upon them, fell back instantly into their places. Then the Captain rode forward, but scarcely had he ' placed the standard in the old man's hands than he fell fainting from his horse, and was carried to the rear. His wound proved to be a deep one, so said the sur geon — 4 He must really be in league with the devil or Cupid, or he'd never have borne up so long. That dusky devil knew how to handle a sword ! Why the poor boy's cheek's half off !' A few days after the battle, the General made en quiries concerning Captain Whittleton. The good old surgeon shook his head despondingly. 4 Ah, poor boy, I think he's seen the last of the fair girl he's always raving about, and if she is as fair as the minature he has in his breast pocket, she is fair enough to turn the head of any poor fellow.' 4 You think he's in danger then, surgeon ?' said the General. 4 1 don't think at all, sir. He's as bad as he can well be. That cursed copper coloured rebel gave as much as he got, I am thinking.' 4 Has he any particular friends in the regiment who would look after his affairs. He was a proud sort of young fellow, to his equals and superior officers, alto gether, although kindness itself to his men. A very dare devil himself, he never risked their lives if he could help it, and I have some of the wildest and bravest hearts of Great Britain under me.' 4 Yes there is Young Lieutenant Gooden. You know him, General?' 4 Yes, an uppish young cub rather, but not bad at heart, I believe. Is he in attendance upon the Captain ? By the way, surgeon, you have had Whittleton under your care a good many times during the campaign. Did it not strike you that there was some mystery about him ? He is quite a young fellow, and yet he seemed staid and reserved beyond his years, and almost too at tentive to his duties. His only object in life seemed promotion, and for that he risked life and limb.' 4 Yes,' said the surgeon, 4 I often wondered at his re served manner, for it did not seem to belong to him ; he appeared warm hearted if you once 44 broke the ice" with him, but I have found out the reason thereof.' 4 Indeed,' replied the General. 4 Well,' said the other, 4 it is as usual a woman. They are generally at the bottom of most things mys terious. It seems from what he says that his sweet heart promised to marry him if he made a name for himself, here in India. But she'll have to find another bridegroom before she goes to the altar, if I am not v mistaken.' And so it proved. Three days after this conversation it was reported to the General that the young Captain had died. He was buried with military honours, and to please his corps, the standard for which he had sacrificed his life was ordered by the commanding officer to be buried with him. When the news reached Alice Bevan she shed a few tears, and felt wretched and miserable for a lew days, and in the end managed to convince (?) herself that she loved the young fellow dearly, and felt she was most unjustly used by Providence. For said she to her dear friend the coquette — 4 He was undoubtedly a rising young man, and might have been a general in the end if those cruel rebels had not killed him. But,' she added, in the same breath, 4 I must go and dress for dinner. The doctor is to dine here, and he has been so very attentive lately. He's such a dear good man — so quiet and gentle. I am sure any woman might be happy as his wife, for if she had any spirit at all she could be her own mistress en tirely. In fact after the honeymoon, he would be a per fect nonentity in his own house. So I want to lopk.ve'y- nice, dear. Does my mourning make me lqA; old- maidish, dear?' " 4 No indeed. It makes you look .quits interesting 1' replied Nellie. 'Was Arthur an acquaintance of the doctor's, Alice ?' 4 Ah, yes,' replied the lovely 'lisp Bevan. 4 He was quite an old friend,' and she feelingly raised her small cambric handkerchief to her bright blue eyes, which, if the truth be told; were guiltless of tears. 4 Oh, really, dear Nellie, that is why I feel so much interest in him.' Ah, J was certain that was the reason. Don't dis- < tress yourself, I beg of you. You will spoil those lovely eyes if you weep so much ; be comforted. Poor Arthur is better off now.' So the fair 'mourner allowed' her troubled feelings to be soothed by her dearest Nellie, and straightway pre pared herself for the conquest ; and by this time the doctor had come. But let. us return to those whom we have for a short period so completely lost sight of. George Hedley spent most of his time during the in terval between the two trials in preparing for another world, for he knew that in the face of such overwhelm ing evidence he was not likely to get off. His heart was very bitter towards his , old friend, who, to satisfy malignant hate, could swear his life away. His loyal, loving wife only left his side except when compelled to do so, and then to return at the earliest opportunity. At length the day of the trial dawned, and as he an ticipated, the damning evidence brought against him was enough to convict a dozen men. As he was standing in the guard room, prior to the commencement of the trial, a note was slipped into his hands. He read it through, and then perceiving that the eye of the sergeant of police was upon him, he coolly handed him the note, and asked him to give it to his solicitor. This quite disarmed the brilliant bluebottle, and he did as he was requested. The lawyer read the note through, and then instan tly destroyed it, and that in such a manner that no skill of mortal man could ever make use of it again. Turning to his client, he said — 4 It seems feasible. That is my opinion.' These words were a signal to him agreed upon in the note, which was an offer to assist him to escape if, as every one expected, the trial should go against him. The man wbo made this offer was a cousin of his wife, and stood outside the door, lounging against the court pillars, as if the trial did not interest him at all. Suddenly a man brushed past him. It was the head groom at George's homestead. 4 Mr. Frank,' he said, in a whisper, 4 the fastest horse in these parts is over there by that water trough. I rode him in myself, but did not dare to bring him any nearer,, for fear spies might know it. If Mr. George gets three minutes start on his old favourite they may bid him good bye.' 4 Very well, James, that will do. I'll see that the horse is at the door at the right moment,' replied Frank Martin, as he entered the court. It was now nearly sunset when the jury retired, but they did not keep the prisoner in suspense very long. There was not a single dissenting voice raised among them when the foreman said 44 guilty." Then the judge placed the black upon his head, and in a solemn voice pronounced sentence upon him. As the fearful words, 4 You shall be taken back to the place from whence j ou came, and be hanged by the neck till you are dead' passed his lips, a piercing shriek rang out, and the prisoner's wife fell forward fainting. All eyes were at that moment fixed on the unhappy woman, which the prisoner did not notice. He had been for some time wriggling the steel handcuffs over his slender hand, and with a sudden wrench his right hand was free. In another moment he was amongst the crowd, who, as if by magic, opened a passage for him to the door. Even as he sprang through the door way, Frank Martin drew up his horse and dismounted. In an instant George Hedley was in the saddle, and the next was dashing down the streets. The troopers fired after him, but without effect. He rode on, he scarcely knew whither. His brain was in a whirl, his soul seemed as if about to part from his body, for he was fainting. The reins dropped from his hands, and he fell forward on the neck of the faith ful steed, insensible. His life's blood was fast falling from more than one bullet wound. The faithful animal he bestrode seemed to know instinctively that his rider was incapable of managing him, so he turned and galloped straight for his stable. No sooner did the head groom perceive the pre dicament his master was in, than hastily telling his wife — who was the only other person on the place, for all the rest were at the trial — to put the young master to bed in the cellar in the little cottage, than taking George's coat and hat, he sprang into the saddle, and rode, as if for dear life, across country. He was seen by the troopers, who followed quickly in his wake. Mile after mile they pursued the supposed murderer, though every stride their horses took bore them further away from the object they sought. At length, just as night threw her dusky shadows over both pursuers and pursued, the flying horseman was seen to enter the scrub. For nearly a week he dodged the myrmidons of the law, through the trackless labyarnth, and when at last they did catch him, he pulled such a face of injured inno cence that .they almost believed his story. __ Fe IwcTfiWJkad been sent to look for a young horse by the oyersecPphftdAhat he never dreamt they were looking for him. . 4 Indeed, I have done nbthingvco make me fear the law,' \ 4 Then you don't 1- now ought oij£»our master, George Hedley ?' Ar 4 Nothing, except that they said lnTas acquitted. I hadn't time to hear particulars. DVl to hurry off after that cursed horse, and just to'thin&p;&at; you have been dodging me all this time,. jYh.y, wnk . Yid you take ine for, eh? The Pasha the groom, with a broad grin. 4 Go to the devil ! You are not such a fool as you look, master,' said the officer in command. 4 Thank you,' he said. 4 I'm sorry I can't say the same for you.' They, however, marched the faithful fellow into town, where he was charged with aiding and abetting his mas ter to escape, but could prove nothing against him, so he was discharged. But the grin of satisfaction faded from his face when he heard his young master's fate — George Hedley had died from the effects of his wounds on the morning after his arrrival at the cottage. His wife was with him to the last, and he expired in her arms. There was another person with him, and strange as it may seem, a detective. George Hedley had sent for him, and he came and listened patiently to every word that fell from the dying man's lips. Every now and again he drew forth a pocket book, and made notes therein of what he heard. So terribly m earnest did he seem, that he seldom took his eyes off the sick man's face during the whole of the long night, and when the story was finished, he knelt by the dying man's bed, and took his hand in his own strong grasp, then, raising liis right hand towards heaven, he said in a deep stern voice — I swear by all I hold most sacred to leave no stone unturned to bring the murderer of the valet to justice. May I perish body and soul if I break my vow!' As he uttered these words, a smile passed over the face of the dying man. He gazed for a moment on the . face of his wife, and then passed away, silently and solemnly. The detective gazed on the dead body, and then, turning to the weeping woman, said, in the same melancholy tone — 4 Madam, I pledge my word to you that as surely as I hope to obtain mercy in heaven, I will never rest un til I prove your dead husband's innocence. You have much to be thankful for. You must bury your dead secretly and quickly. He must not be found by the police, I thank God George Hedley escaped a dread ful death at the hands of the public hangman !' That night, as the clock tolled the hour of midnight, about a dozen persons were gathered round an open grave. It was the funeral of George Hedley. Thus, in the darkness of night, when all was hushed and still, and the world wrapped in peaceful slumber, lie was laid in the silent grave. He who had all that might have made a man happy and honorable — wealth and intellectual abilities above the common standard — died like a dog, in a cellar, and was buried in his own grounds at thedead of night. He had indeed reaped a bitter harvest from the field of follies and unworthy friendship. Of course, this could not long remain a secret, and all the neighbourhoood was soon talking about theraur- derer's death and burial. Most of those 44 good, kind, Christian people," could clearly see the hand of fate in his death, and they solemnly murmured — 44 retribution 1 retribution !" Yery few, however, thought it worth while to try and console the poor, afflicted widow, until it was rumoured that in consequence of a coal mine having been dis covered on some of her property, she was immensely rich. As soon as this was heard, there was no lack of sym pathizing friends, who were willing to do all that lay in their power to comfort the poor, afflicted widow. Fore most among them, when the rumour was beyond a doubt, came Nellie — the chaste Nellie McTavish — and her dear friend, Miss Alice Bevan. Twelve months had passed, and the murder of the valet and the events following had nearly vanished from the minds of most puople. Of course it was spoken of occasionally. They could not help thinking how near they had been to losing that sweet young man, the 44 Adonis." He was still the admired of admired, for had he not the most potent of all talismans, wealth. . Outwardly, he was the same gay fellow, but his valet could have told of sleepless nights and moody fits that often lasted for hours. Ah, he could have told how often in the dead of night he would startle him by shrieking out wildly for help, and when the valet, alarmed by the dreadful sounds, appeared, his master invariably asked for laudanum, always explaining that he suffered from nightmare, and asking if he had said anything in his sleep. This question the valet answered in the negative, or else telling him he had made some commonplace re mark about the servants or horses. He was a most obliging fellow, and had made himself invaluable to his master. He seemed rather a superior sort of man, rather above his station, and the 44 Adonis" had great faith in him. He was always solicitous concerning his master's welfare. But when all the rest were peace fully slumbering, he would often steal noislessly into his master's room, and stand for hours beside the sleep ing man, listening to the words that fell from his lips. Strange words too they were to come from the lips of a sleeping man who bore such an excellent character as. the 44 Adonis." When worn out with watching, or the sleeper seemed to have fallen into a quiet slumber, the valet would return to his own chamber, carefully lock the door, then drawing out an old fashioned pocketbook, he would write diligently. He was a man of about middle age, clean shaven, and slightly bald. There was a look of quiet determination round the corners of the mouth, and a cold, keen, glitter in his eyes, that would have made a stranger grasp his hand willingly in friendship, but be very chary of making a foe of Dutton, Mr>v Wald's Yalet. j uf r Mrs. Hedley still inhabited Yergoe Park. She was wonderfully altered ; there were lines on her fair brow that time had not wrought, and she still wore her widow's weeds, although she had not been unsought. There had been more than one eligible suitor repulsed by the young widow. Strange as it may seem, the only one on whom she smiled was the Adonis, and he was a most constant visitor at the Park. Scandalmongers wagged their tongues pretty freely over the widow's choice, but there was another visitor at the Park on whom the widow smiled. He seldom, however, came in the daylight, but often when the place was quiet and still, would steal stealthily round to the lady's window, which, at a given signal, would be cautiously raised, and the visitor, well muffled up, would scramble in. This he always managed to do quickly and quietly ; then, when the blind was drawn and the window securely fastened, the man threw off his wraps with a muttered imprecation, and stood revealed — Button, Mr. Wald's valet. The lady advanced to meet him with outstretched hands, and her sweet voice hade him welcome. 4 Have you any fresh news for me ?' she asked. He made no reply, but placed the open pocketboolc in her hands. She read the lines that were written there, and a smile of triumph passed over her fair features, as she turned to the detective and asked — 4 Have you enough evidence now to convict him ? Can you arrest him on the strength of these proofs of his guilt ?' 4 Well,' he replied, 4 I might be able to do both ; but let us be sure. He is a slippery customer, although I intend to land him yet.' 4 What is your plan of action ?' she asked. 1 Why, you see, if 1 could only worm it out of the girl it would be easy enough to convict the Adonis, but it will be a difficult matter.' For some time after the detective had ceased to speak the widow remained buried in thought. At length she said — 'If you could only persuade her that the Adonis means to destroy her, in order to get her out of the way, she would perhaps reveal all.' 4 Yes, that is my scheme,' replied the detective, 4 but she might reveal all to him, and he would then have a chance to baffle us. We must make sure of him, and not leave a single loophole of escape.' For hours they planned and plotted how best to secure the capture and conviction of the Adonis, and when at length the detective returned to his duties he had decided upon a course of action. The next morning the valet informed his master that the upper housemaid, ,Euphemia Gill, had been spread ing strange stories about concerning him. 4 She hinted strange things to me, sir. I think she is slightly deranged.' Although the. valet was busy about the room, his eyes never for a moment left his master's face, nor did he fail to notice the sudden pallor, and the glitter in the handsome, cruel eyes. 4 What did you say the girl's name was ?' he asked, carelessly. < Euphemia Gill, sir. She is going away to-night, and will not return for a month. She has a holiday because she says she is ill, and she looks it too, sir.' 4 What stories did you say she had been spreading about me ? Is she addicted to drink ?' 4 1 believe she does drink, sir, but she pretends to be a teetotaler.' 4 That will do, Button. I shall tell the housekeeper to dismiss her if I hear of this again.' 4 1 hope you are not offended with me, sir, for telling you. 1 only wanted to do my duty,' said the valet. < Not at all, my good fellow. You did perfectly right. If you hear any more of this let me know.' That evening, as the Adonis left his club, he stopped and spoke to a couple of young fellows who were stand ing at the door, and asked them to meet him there at eight o'clock. < It wants five minutes to seven now by my time. Am I anywhere near the mark ?' he said, carelessly. Both men instantly looked at their repeaters, and answered — ' Bight to a second, Adonis.' 1 W ell, au revoir. I have a couple of letters to write.' And he passed on smiling, and looking careless and happy. He walked slowly and carelessly until heturnedthe corner, and then quickened his steps and hurried rapidly for a few hundred yards, until he came to a small livery stable, which he entered, and without troubling anyone, saddled his horse, a noble roan, and rode away quietly, until he had cleared the city. Then he drove the spurs into his horse's flanks, and dashed off at full speed. For nearly five miles he rode at this headlong rate, and then slackened speed. At length he brought his horse to a standstill beneath the shadow of some trees by the wayside, and glancing eagerly along the lonely road in the direction of his own house, espied the form of a female hurrying along. It was his servant, Eu phemia Gill. When the young woman was within a few yards of his hiding place, the Adonis suddenly put spurs to his horse, and dashed right over her. The woman shrieked and clutched wildly at his bridle rein, when the Adonis, standing up in his stiiTups to give greater force to the blow, struck her down with his heavy riding whip, and the now thoroughly frightened steed plunged forward, and trampled the poor creature a under his iron-shod hoofs. The Adonis called out in a loud voice — 4 Why the d — 1 don't you get out of the way. Are you mad, or drunk ?' And then, seeing that there had apparently been no witness of his cowardly crime, he dashed back towards the city at full speed. 4 Curse her !' he muttered. 4 She was the only stum bling block in my path, and I have got rid of her now. Bead men tell no tales, or dead women either for that matter. She little thought when she used to hang round my neck in the old days how it would all end. Well, she always said she could die happy by my hand — the sentimental fool — 'tis but the fulfilment of her daily wish.' When the town clock struck eight, he was coolly smoking bis cigar at the door of his club ; the same smiling, careless, affable fellow that all his world knew. For a long time after the Adonis had ridden away the woman lay motionless ; then stealthily raising her self upon her elbow, she peered through the hedge, to convince herself that her would-be murderer was out of the way, and then started off at a rapid pace towards the railway station. c Ah ! so he would murder me to save his Own pre cious neck, would he, the cowardly villain 1 But I'll foil him this time.' At the station she met an old friend, and one whom she thought would sympathise with her in her wretched ness. It was a girl whom the Adonis had wronged, and whose father had sworn to have revenge for his daughter's suffering. To her she told all, hiding nothing, not even her own disgrace, for was not this another of his victims. When she had heard all, the friend asked — 4 What do you intend to do now, dear ?' 4 Bo !' she exclaimed, 4 why what I should have done long ago. I shall go to the detective office and inform them of all I know. Will you come with me ? I feel so nervous, I don't care to go alone.' 4 Yes,' she replied, 4 but I have to deliver a message first. Will you wait? I shall not be long.' 4 Yes,' Pheme said she would wait. 4 1 would come with you dear, but I feel so weak and faint.' Her friend hurried away. On, on, she sped ; she never seemed to tire. She meant to save her faithless lover if she could. At length she reached her father's cottage. She could go no further ; her tired limbs re fused to carry her, and she sank down almost at the threshold. Fortunately her father was not at home, but a younger brother hearing the sound of footsteps just at the door, hurried out, and helped his sister to enter the cottage. 4 Brother,' she said, 4 will you do me a great favour ?' 4 Ye, sister, you know I will if I can.' 4 Then saddle the mare, and take a note to Buxton Club for me.' Whilst her brother was saddling his horse, she hastily penned a note to the Adonis. It ran as fol lows : — "Bear Willie — The police are looking for you. They know all. Phemie Gill has confessed. Come to our cottage. I shall be in the lane at the old place. Bide for your life, " Yours for ever, 44 LUOY." As she gave the note to her brother, Lucy said — Be sure you do not give the note to anyone else but Mr. Wald, and oh 1 ride fast.' 4 All right, sis. If anyone sees me coming they'll think it's George Hedley's ghost out for a ride.' Away he sped. The fiery little half blood he rode did not want much persuasion to make her do her best, and hedges and trees seemed to fly by the boy like the wind. The Adonis was bidding adieu to some friends. The boy gave him the letter, and without waiting for a reply, rode off again. As the Adonis read the note, the colour forsook his face for a moment, but he did not show the slightest sign of agitation, nor did he for a moment lose his cool presence of mind. Quietly and courteously bidding those that were standing near him ' good night," he mounted his horse which by this time had arrived, and rode off. 4 What a jolly fellow he is,' remarked a friend. 4 Al ways good tempered and ready for a jest. Never met a better fellow, 'pon my soul.' It was not long before he reached the old trysting place, where he met the girl, and soon learned all that she had to tell. Even he, coid blooded libertine though he was, could not but be touched by the loving fidelity of the woman, and he bent from his saddle and kissed the face that was held up so yearningly towards him. 4 Goode bye, sweetheart,' he said 4 If I pull through this I will not forget you. No, nor your brother either.' He then hurried home, collected all the ready money he could lay his hands upon, armed himself thoroughly, and rode off as if he were going for an hour's canter in the moonlight. Phemie Gill waited for nearly an hour for her friend, and then growing impatient, she went to the detective office alone. She was greatly surprised to see Button, her master's valet there, but she was soon made aware of his real character, and her tile was listened to with breathless interest by the officers present. It was not long before a dozen officers, all armed, left the place to arrest the Adonis ; but their astonish ment was only equalled by their chagrin twhen they found that he had disappeared and left not a trace be hind. Tht\ news spread like wildfire, aB such news is apt to do, \ Although the murderer had so cleverly escaped the clutches of the. -myrmidons of the law for the time being, it was not long before they came once more upon his trail. He had not, as they all thought he would, tried to leave the country altogether ; that meant certain capture. He was too clever for that. He had made direct for the interior of the country, and had joined a large party of well-mounted men, who were on their way to the diggings They had banded together for mutual protection against the bushrangers, who at that time swarmed over the rough, rugged country through which the diggers had to pass. These men, who thus banded themselves together, were in most cases total strangers to one another, so that the Adonis passed muster very well. Some of them were gentlemen, who had squandered their patrimony in riotous living, others were men who had left their country for their country's good, and again the rough, rollicking young farmer, who had forsaken the plough for the spade. But the wildest and merriest of the group was Sam Hogg, for that was the name the Adonis had adopted. It was now a month since he left the city so abruptly, during which time he had altered wonderfully. His hand some face that had ever been guiltless of either whis kers or beard, was now covered all over with short black bristles. His once carefully trimmed hair was now al lowed to grow over his collar, and he, once the greatest dandy, the most fastidious man about town, was now arrayed in a costume that would have done credit to a Greek brigand. A high billycock hat with a parrot's wing stuck jauntily in the side surmounted his head, whilst his red shirt, tight riding breeches, and high top boots made up the rest of his somewhat fierce, but cer tainly very picturesque appearance. Around his waist he wore a wide leathern belt, in which was stuck in a rather conspicuous manner a pair of Colt's best, and a long, cruel-looking bowie, the fellow to which, might have been seen protruding from his right boot, which reached above his knee, so that it was most convenient either when riding or walking. Over his back was slung a rifle of the best style and quality. The horse he bestrode was the same beautiful roan that he rode when he left the city, but he too had altered somewhat, for his beautiful tail had been pulled, so that only the stump and a few straggling hairs remained. His mane too had been clipped short, so that very few would have recognised in him the noble beast that a few weeks be fore had been the admiration of the loungers in the parks. Light hearted and gay as he seemed, the Adonis was never for a moment off his guard. The party reached the scene of their labours in safety, probably being too strong and the inducement too small for the bushrangers to attempt to waylay them. Sam Hogg, for so we must now call the Adonis, soon found that digging did not agree with him. Reared in the lap of luxury, he was totally unfit for a laborious life. His money was fast dwindling away, for the dig gings is an expensive place for an idler. At the end of a month he found himself for the first time in his life in want of money. Then he turned his thoughts, not for the first time by any means, to another mode of obtain ing the precious metal. He was ruminating over the chances attached to the venture he had in his mind, when a young fellow sauntered up and looked into his tent, and seeing Sam Hogg evidently enioying a quiet pipe, he coolly seated himself, and remarked — 4 You seem to take things pretty comfortably, mate. Have you made your pile ?' Sam looked cautiously round ; then pointing first to the revolvers in his belt, and then towards his horse that was grazing in the scrub close by, he said, with a knowing wink — 4 I brought my pile with me, Tom Poole. Did you leave yours at home ?' The two men looked hard at one another for a few moments ; then Tom broke the silenee by saying — 4 Do you mean it mate ? No joke ?' 4 I'm not fool enough to speak plainer than that,' replied Sam. 4 1 don't want to grace the bough of a tree, my friend. There's a short shrift given for that sort of thing in these parts, and my nerves never could stand hemp.' 4 You may trust me, mate,' replied Tom. 4 I've only wanted someone who would stick at nothing to join me, or I'd have been in that boat long ago. I'm sick and tired of hard work and no luck.' 4 Have you any friends who would join us ?' Sam asked. 4 Well,' was the reply, 4 there's that fellow, Philip Saint. I've heard him say a good many times he's sick of this, and it wouldn't take much to tempt him to the bush, and all that sort of thing.' 4 He won't do at all,' said Sam. 4 Too much jaw. Besides, I don't think the fellow has the pluck to attack a possum single handed. I believe he is a rank coward. and if he did join us, he'd have to go and bid a couple of dozen fellows farewell, and he'd tell each of them in confidence just what we were up to. No, no, Tom, he'll never do. What do you say to Fred Ford ? He's the right sort ; no old-fashioned ideas about mercy in him.' 4 The very man,' replied Tom. 4 I'm sure he will go. He's got a devil of a wife at home, and fourteen sweet cherubs. They were all down with smallpox when he bolted, so Fred thought he'd try aud fumigate the house, he said, by setting fire to a feather bed. His wife said he ' did it to suffocate the whole brood, and her too. Fred wrote a letter to the Board of Health, but did not wait for an answer, and now he has heard there is a warrant out for him.' 4 Oh yes, he'd join ; and that young chap, on the next claim, young Peter »Snell. That card sharping affair lias made this place a trifle too warm for him ' ' What, that shadow of a sin ? Why he's as thin as a lath.' ' 80 much the better ; the police won't be able t,o hit him, and I happen to know he has plenty of pluck, and he rides well. I'll go and sound him, whilst you see Fred Ford, but for God's sake, if you don't want your neck stretched, don't let Philip Saint get hold of our intentions. That tongue of his would hang the lot of us.' All right, Sam, I'll go and see to my man, you look to yours.' Then Tom sauntered out. He was a fine, wiry, active-looking fellow, and had the reputation of being a bit of a dandy on the dig gings ; that is, ho shaved twice a week, and changed his shirt every Sunday. He could sing a good song, and was not a bad hand with musical instruments. He brought a cornet with him to the diggings, but after performing upon it for a few nights, the diggers waited upon him in a body, and the following colloquy took place between Tom and a big, brawny miner. ' Look ye yer, stranger,' said the miner, ' the laws of this location are to this effect, that if any man is found guilty of murder, hoss stealin', claim jumpin' or attcrn- tin' by any underhand means to frighten his neighbours out of their reasonable senses, lie shall be hanged to the first tree that shall be fonnd. Stranger, if that cornet is heard again in these parts, there'll be a rope hanging from that gum tree, and a man at the end of it. Will you drink, stranger ?' ' Yes.' ' Then give it a name, and if it's kcp' in these parts you shall have it, I reckon.' Tom soon won Fred Ford over. He drew such a fearful picture of fourteen pockmarked children, and an equally pockmarked wife, that the unhappy husband and father found his hair standing on end, and was readily led to see that a life in the bush was preferable to a home in the city under the existing circumstances. ' You had better stroll up to Sam Hogg's tent. It's nigh dusk, and we can have a pipe and a glass of grog there now, without exciting suspicion.' When they arrived at Sam's tent, they found him deep in conversation with Peter Snell. The parties were all well-known to each other, so there was no un necessary ceremony gone through. After Sam and Tom had conversed together aside for a few moments, the former stepped forward, and said, in a low, but per fectly distinct voice — ' Well, boys, we are all agreed in this concern. Let's shake hands on it, and the devil take the man who breaks his compact !' After this somewhat primitive method of swearing . fealty to one another, the gentlemen of the road began to discuss the best plan for leaving the camp without exciting suspicion, and at the same time to go well, "armed and equipped. ' Horses, and good ones too, we must have,' said Sam. ' My beast will be hard to match in these parts but have you a horse, Peter ?' ' Oh no ; couldn't afford such a luxury,' replied that worthy, ' but,' he added, dryly, ' my neighbour, Jones has, and there are some excellent cattle in the camp. We shall no.t be hard up for horses, captain. ' Yery good. And your firearms ; you must not neglect to look after them. And so you are all agreed to start to-morrow night. There will be 110 moon, and it will be quite dark enough for our purpose at eight o'clock.' His comrades replied that they would all be ready at the appointed hour. On the following evening, the captain left the camp a few minutes before the appointed hour, and rode to the edge of the scrub, about a mile distant, where lie. was soon ioined by the others. Peter, who knew the country well, now took the lead, and before very long they had placed a good many miles between themselves and the diggers' camp. They be strode four of the very best horses that the miners had possessed, so on that score they had not much to fear. They were making for a range of hills some thirty miles distant. Once within those rocky fastnesses, they could laugh at any foe that could be sent against them. There were several bands of bushrangers in these ranges, and it was well-known that they helped one another against their common foe, the officers of the law. The band had been travelling across country, but they came suddenly upon the main road, or rather track, by which the mail always came. ' Look here, boys,' said the captain, ' I think the sooner we begin the better. What say you ?' drawing out his watch. ' It is nearly time the mail passed along here. You know they left the camp two hours before we did, but we have been riding cross country. 1 think we are strong enough to attack them ; there are only twelve troopers in the escort, besides the driver and mail guard.' The captain rose wonderfully in their estimation on account of his daring, and they one and all agreed to follow him in anv adventure he had on font,. ' Then dismount at once,' he said ' and look lively. We have no time to waste.' Fortune seemed to smile upon the gang in this their first enterprise, for the country was admirably suited to their schemes. Tl.\3ytrack ran between two hills in what had at one time evidently been a watercourse, and both sides were densely covered with trees. The horses were led further down th\ ravine, so that they were quite safe from all danger. By this time the moon was shining forth in all her splendour, gilding the dark green foliage, and causing it to shine like burnished silver, and making the track, where now the heavy coach could plainly be seen lumbering along, as distinctly visible as if the noonday sun shone down upon it. But the brightness of the track only made the shadows fall, the thicker were the robbers lay concealed amidst the rustling trees. When the escort had arrived within fifty yards of the bushrangers' ambush, two of them rode cautiously forward to inspect the dark ravine. Carefully they glanced along the hillside, but the density of the gloom' amidst the foliage effectually screened the miscreants from the eyes of their foes. To make assurance doubly sure, the robbers had thrown themselves flat in the grass with their rifles under them, fearing the moon's rays might be reflected by the glistening barrels, and thus betrav them to the watchful escort. Apparently satisfied with the scrutiny, the two scouts rode back to their comrades. Then they advanced in a body in front of the coach, riding unconsciously to their doom — -to a cruel, cold-blooded death by the hands of cowardly assassins. When they had arrived within about a dozen yards of the ambuscade, the robber captain gave the signal to fire, and in a few moments of time the deadly little revolvers had emptied ten saddles. They then called upon the remaining two to throw down their arms and surrender. There was nothing left for the poor fellows to do but to yield, for to resist, even for a moment, was certain death ; so, with a very bad grace, they threw down their arms and surrendered. The coach was overturned, for the driver, as soon as he became aware that it was an attack by bushrangers, attempted to turn round in the narrow gully, and succeeded in capsizing his vehicle, and he now lay stunned and bleeding in the middle of the wreck. As the captain passed his prisoners, he looked in solently into their faces, and said — ' Ah, ah, my fine fellows, what do you think of my scheme ? It is not every one that could fetch you fine gay birds to grass like this,' pointing to the corpses that were strewn around. When he had ceased speaking, one of the prisoners cast 011 him such a look of mingled contempt, hatred, and loathing, that even his callous heart was touched, and the hot blood rushed for a moment to his cheeks, and he turned upon his heel to depart, but as he did so the words'" contemptible coward" fell upon his ear. Quick as a panther he turned on the man, and with the butt end of his pistol dashed the brave fellow's teeth down his throat. Boused by this brutal conduct, his comrade tried to wrench the pistol from the outlaw's grasp, but he was quickly overpowered, and then, when he was helpless and unable to offer any resistance, he had to stand quietly by and see his comrade subjected to the most cruel outrages and shameful indignities. After enjoying himself for a little time in this ignoble manner, the captain ordered the trooper who had re sisted him to be led to a tree that had a large over hanging bough. To this the fiend attached a halter. He then passed it round the trooper's neck. Then he balanced the pole of the coach, which was broken, upon two small upright standards and placed his victim, upon the top of it. He drew himself up to his full height, and looked his tormentors proudly in the face. His hands were pinioned firmly behind him, and he dared not raise Lis foot, for if he did he would surely hurry his soul into eternity. He was 110 coward, but as he looked down upon the frail structure upon which he stood, his heart beat wildly, for well he knew that if he moved cither to the right hand or to the left, or if for a moment lie allowed his body to swerve or sway, he would V» f\ O 4" # I f \ 1 « 1 . t 1 — 1 . . 1 J 1 ii.wou IA-I uumijf UIUIIWI Ills SOU! Ill CO CliaOS. It was a fearful thing to be left thus face to face with death. What language can tell, what pen pourtray, the anguish of that fearful hour. All his past life rose up before him vivid and distinct. The hours of reckless merriment, of sin and debauchery, rose up in condem nation as vividly as though he had enacted those deeds but the day before. Six hours of mortal agony he passed in that dreadful position — hours that seemed ages weighted with the misery of the present and the iniquities of the past — when lie heard the sound of voices. He called for help — ' ' Help ! for the love of God 1' He was soon surrounded by a band of rough, hardy- looking men, all of whom were well armed. Carefully they lilted him from his perilous position, and as he touched the firm ground his brave heart failed him and he fainted like a woman. ' Lifting his cap from Lis head to dash the cool, re viving water upon'lii's brow, they found that his once daik hair had turned white as the driven snow his face was seamed and lined with wrinkles like the face of extreme old age. Terrible indeed must his sufferings nave been during those fearful hours to have wrought such a change in the poor fellow. The son of a minister, lie had been trained in the ways ot godliness and piety, but he had broken from his home, and had lived a wild rcckleso life, far from guiltless 111 the eyes of his God, though perhaps his fellow men might wink at his follies. His whole system was wrecked, and he never recovered from the fearful shock but died a lingering death a few years afterwards a broken down, prematurely old man. ' lhe party that arrived so opportunely for the trooper was the search party from the diggings in pursuit of the liorse-stealers, but they had to return te the camp without bringing the miscreants to justice. For' some time the whole country was up in arms against them, but as they kept themselves very quiet, the tide of popular indignation began to subside. Some months pasfed away and no fresh outrages were reported with which the gang could be connected, and it was generally believed they had left the country with their illgotten gains. But this state of tranquility was not allowed to last very long. About three months after the memorable attack upon the gold escort, Sam Hogg and his gang attacked a bridal party that had very foolishly ventured too far from one of the outlying districts. Little indeed were the merrymakers dreaming of danger, when the voice of the dreaded bushrangers rang in their ears. They were commanded at once to sur render, with death as an alternative. All the men obeyed, though with but very bad grace, except the nowlv made bridegroom. His lovely young bride pleaded hard, but for a time in vain with her husband, asking him in the name of all he held most dear to surrender. Ai length he yielded to their combined pleadings, and threw down his arms. As soon as those were secured, the ruffians ransacked their now helpless prisoners, treating the ladies with but very scant courtesy. When they Lad possessed themselves of everything of value, they compelled the men to kneel to them, and sue for liberty and life. Unarmed they were powerless to resist, and with many a smothered curse, they obeyed. But each man as he bent the knee swore that the domineer ing scoundrels should rue that day. As the captain passed the spot were the newly married pair were standing, he drew his revolver from his belt and fired, not at the man who had defied him, but at his sweet young wife. ' There, sir,' he said, 'is a token by which to remem ber me. Farewell 1' When the news of this dastardly outrage reached the settlers, they hurridly formed themselves into a revenge party. Well armed and mounted, they were a formidable enemy to cope with. They were not long finding the trail of the miscreants, for they were aided by two trained black- trackers who had arrived with a oln'L ful detective the evening before the party set out. The detective was a middle-aged man, with a look of quiet but stern determination on his face that won the confidence of the band at once, and they immediately placed themselves under his control. That man was the detective. Ho had traced the Adonis to the diggings, and there he found that he and tne now notorious 8am Hogg were one and tlxe same person. Coolly he set to work with his band of brave fellows to hunt the villain down. He tracked him and his gang from place to place, driving him from his hiding places amidst the mountains. At first the Adonis laughed at the thought of cap ture, but when he found how cleverly and withal how persistently his foes kept on the trail, he began to get alarmed, and as day by day and week by week rolled away, and provisions ran 6hort, and his men, as a natural consequence, begin to grumble, lie realized that if he would save himself he must act in his own interests. Filled with this intention, he one marning mounted a horse — not the gallant roan — and rode from their camp apparently to keep a sharp look out for the enemy! He rode carelessly for a couple of miles, like a man who knew that for the time being he was perfectly safe, but at length he drew rein. Then he took prom his saddle bow a bundle of goodly proportions, and proceeded forth with to divest himself of his garments, and to don those that the bundle contained. After an hour's hard and hasty work, he stood forth a serene looking clergyman, with, an expression of- s-anc- tified holiness on his rather handsome face that would havo done credit tn RL Minimal TI»«v» . _ ' -.mm IIV3 UgUIIl IUUUI1- ted his horse, and rode on in the direction of the police camp. He knew exactly where to find it, for Peter had brought the unwelcome news into camp that morn ing at daybreak. He knew that the crisis was at hand, and he determined to be far away when it did come! lie had but 1 ttle doubt as to the result, for he knew that those men were in earnest. He had not ridden far ere I10 perceived a body of mou ted men. They were his foes and ho knew it but he was equal to the emergency. Taking from his pocket a well thumbed hymn book, he began to chant in a low monotonous manner some holy refrain. In a few minutes lie was surrounded by a band of rough, well armed men, who sprang out upon him as lie passed quietly along the track. The ming\ed expression of terror and despair on the good man's fce was ludicrous in the extreme, in fact the shock seemed to have partly frightened him out of his senses, for all that'could bo got from him was-to the effent that his mission was to visit the sick and the afflicted, and to pray fgr poor sinners in need of repen tance. 1 After a few questions concerning whom he had mot 011 the road, he was allowed to pqss on, which he did promising to pray for them all, and the success of their mission, out wnon no Had ridden a few paces, he returned and addressing the captain lie said ' I shall tarry at the nearest township. I hope, sir 11 you catch that sinful youth, of whom you spoke, that you will not slay him in his sins, but bring him to me that he may sec the error of his ways, and not perish body and sou), for you know, sir, ho hath a soul to be saved, even as thou hast.' A . ' He'll have to repent pretty quickly after hV falls, into my hands, fl he wants to save his soul,' so- tl» captain. ' .Bat we are idling ; we must catch the vil lain, or lie will slip through my lingers again. Good morning.' When the good man was out of hearing he swore, a fearful oath, and a smile, that had more of the arch-fiend than arch-angel, spread over his face. Not until the troopers were right upon theni did the bushrangers perceive that their chief had forsaken them. Tom Poole was for surrendering at discretion, but Peter scouted the idea. ' Let's light to the last.,' said he. ' What do you say, Fred ?' ' Fight,' was the reply. ' They'd only hang us if we gave in now, unci hanging's worse than smallpox.' J t did not take long to decide the fight, for in spite of their position amongst the rocks, the bullets that fell in showers around them occasionally reached their mark. Fred was the first to go. He had received fourteen bullets in his unlucky body, when he exclaimed — ' I have just got an ounce for each of them. I only want one lor the old dame, aad I'm content. I'm just like a cullender. ISinallpox is a fool to this, I reckon. I wish I was back with the old woman.' Those were the last words he ever uttered, for a moment later he received the fifteenth, which proved, as he had predicted, one too many. Peter fought desperately to the end. He had been shot through the arm in the commencement of the tight and now he was riddled with bullets. At length a bullet reached his remaining arm, and he was left help less. They sliant have me though,' lie snarled. ' Put me out nf this misery, comrade, will you ?' Tom raised his revolver ' Make sure of mo, old chum, and don't llineli,' said Peter, as he looked unflinchingly along that levelled lube, scarcely two feet from his head. There was a Hash, a groan, and Peter had gone to the land of shadows. Just at that moment the victors dashed upon them, hut only just in time to see Tom end his own earcer as he had finished his comrade's. No language could tell the rage and disappointment of the troopers when they found the captain was not amidst the dead. The detective looked sternly thought ful for a moment, then lie said to his comrades — ' He is a clever fellow. He has foiled me again.' Bold, clever, handsome, talented, but a villian — born and bred a traitor to the core — he had vanished like a phantom ; nor was he ever heard of again. His un equalled skill and cunning proved too much for his pur suers, and so the man who had shamed society, ruined innocents, betrayed his comrades, and blighted the. hearts and hopes of many a man, escaped from the penalty of the law, and lived to laugh and triumph over liis villiunies, even though he had betrayed the man who loved him, and though that noble fellow was his IS WO UN FltlEND. 