.. ''-' TBE OMLÈKY QltITIöy '' . ... __...^_. .... . . I Liko IIudíbraB' trhéty Toledo tvhioh; " for wa fighting'; waa grown rusty," hon. members ha\ turned to thoir legislativo dutios' apparently suff from tho lack ot '. something to how and hack." session has boen ongcrly anticipated for a vario reasons. Somo hon. góhtlcmon bavo youthful quenco to air, others havo budding politicians to in chock : Bomo havo abuncs to oxposo, othors " axes to grind ;" somo bavo old scores to pay otltdrs have fresh political friendships tó: oorri somo baye reputations to mako, others havo roputa which thoy would gladly loso ; somo havo "boa and " capitol " to represent, and others aro ouxioi win a share in such representation ; but whatovei rcasôii all appear to have boen as " restless" as tho member for Jlonrko himself to bo in session again tho opening coromony on Tuesday last took place : day too soon to ourb tho increasing impationco tc " wigs on tho grcon.'* Touching that opening ceremony, Ibero was peculiarity in connection with it which it was dill to avoid noticing, and that was thc romarkablv 1 number of lady visitors. They preponderate, of "co at all Pnrlinmoulnry opening ceremonies, but now except in this colony can thoy bo said to entirely eludo malo visitors. On Tuesday, last they occu both tho Minitk'rial'and Opposition benches, with exception of thrco reserved for niombcra of tho C eil ; thoy stood against tho wall in a lino bobine benches on each side of tho Houso; they ap priatcd, nearly oil tho availablo spaco to right and tho left of tho dais; thoy throi tho President's gallery, leaving tho members tho Assembly baroly apace to illo in when summoi they overcrowded tho strangers' gallery, and bloi tho stairs and stood in tho passages and doorways, generally monopolised both the Bitting aud slam room lo euuh an extent that a stranger might ali I have .fancied it a" homo rule'' convocation. V tho exception of these gontlcmon who intruded ¡tito Press gallery, and tim half-doMn or so who manage crane thoir necks nt tho doorways, thoro wero actu no unofficial malo, visitors at tho ceremony. ' Thi all tho moro noticoablo bocause it is on very : occasions that a ladyiB present at tho ordinary sitti of cither House, although in most of tho other coloi they oro comparatively froquont attendante- at Poi montary debates. Tho only gentleman, not a member or nil óffi visito, who occupied a Boat within tho products of j llou.so was Mr. Graham Wi ry, who has boon on a prh . visit to Sydney. Ho looked much botter thon in ! old days, when, not only was he worried by doadloi j lilack' Wednesday troubles, and Cabinet bickerings, ¡ tho '' groat Liberal party " of Victoria, was. tromblinf j tho btilnneo, and its foto appeared to be dependent uj j his theniprecarious health. The presence of those t '.. much-travelled " (I had almost-written too mi travelled) Promiers, Sir Henry" Parkes and Mr; Bet was suggestive of somo curious rollcctions. They ' Ibo only two Australian statesmen,! remember to h; .visited tho mother, country in an official and pul -.character, and each has in turn bean tho m .powerful public mau in tho colonies. Something 1 than four years ago Mr..Derry was at tho bead of 1 'most popular political party that over ruled in Victo] and rrcoivod a publio welcome from thousands of 1 .populaco on his return from a European lour-in 1 oourso of whioh ho had posed as u spookor bofe British audiences, dined at Marlborough Houso tlio ' guest of tho Princo of Wales, bo ,presoiited at Court, and achieved a Mg financial victo by Heating- tho Victorian loan at a high minimum open defiance of the recommendation of tho Associât Banka of London. Ju6t about that timo, Sir Hon Parkes, tho doubly-defeated leader of .an atténuât following, used to sit disconsolately on tho Oppositii cross-benches, feebly fighting a triangular party duo wbilo a third party, picked from both Kobortsonit and Parkositcs, administered thc Governmont i sulYoranco. To-day, Mr. Berry is tho leader of similar forlorn hopo, lighting in a similar triauguli Contest; whilo a similar third party, neither Conserv tive nor Liberal, but a mixture of both, holds tho rei; of power on sufibranco also. So, too, Sir Honry Par); returns from a triumphal American and European tot having boon " an important mau in tho greatest city tho whole world " (to quöto bis own modest phrase tho feted and potted idol of Presidents and Princes, tl head of a powerful Ministry, tho leader of a stror party, and unquestionably tho most Jnfluontial Premii pf tho day. in Australia. In good sooth thoy havo ooo bad a fair sharo of " fortune's buffets and rewards. Tho Victorian ex-l'rotuier's wano of power dated froi his " triumphal tour." Will tho comparison again hoi good in our Premier's caso ? Who knows but that th next turn of tho political wheel of fortuno may agai rcvorso their positions ? Tho Ministry is certainly not 03 strong to-da as it wis 'oven six months ago, though its ? weal ness, is. moro threatened than actual. Certain! thoro is moro vigour in political lifo, and thor is ampio evidence already that tho session whic opened on Tuesday last will bo moro exciting fror n party point of view, and moro pregnant witi ] publio/ interest, than any previous session sinco th advent of tho prbsonl Government. Not only ba tho novel ? spoctacle of n Ministry without a: Opiwsitiofi ceased to exist, but tho small and compac organization now occupying tho scats on th Spoaker's left ia lcd by ono whom tbo Ministr, would bo pleased to havo as an ally, and whom tho' cannot afford to despiso as an opponent. Three year . ago they tendered him tho post of Agont-Gonoral, ai appointment he was not ablo to finally accept, owing t tho responsible choracter of his commercial position and only threo brief weeks ago, unless commoi report is: sadly wrong, thoy would bavo boei glad to welcome him into thoir ranks as a colleague hai ho not lot it bo distinctly understood that ho wa entirely out of, sympathy with. them. Mr. Siuar onjoys a very largo mensuró of public confidonc as a politician, and public respect as a colonist 'lté' is regardod by his feHow-mémbora as i cool, calculating ; tactician, to whoso leadership thej might, with safety commit themsolvop. Tho initiatory movomont for'tho formation of ar Opposition was taken somo weeks ago, but only com pletcd last Tuesday, when nino members (just enough bo it noted, to tako all tho portfolios in a new Ministry combined to form tho nucleus of a party, and elect s leader. Tho loadorship was unanimously accordot! to Mr. Stuart, tho only other gentleman whe had any claim to tho position-Mr. Forster hiving resigned tho ¡»st. during tho recess, if, indeed, any resignation was ncceas^ry, for ho was only tacitly recognised as leader- last session. Mr. Stuart's imme- diate and pledged supporters wero' Sir Patriofc «Tönnings and Messrs. Heidi J. P. Abbott, Farnell, Forstor, Copo land, and W, li; .Campbell; '. I say wero, because .alroody thoro lias boon ono secession. Mr., Forster^ that most impracticable of politicians, intends to give, if bo hoB: not already, .given, Mr. Stuart notice of his deter- mination to acknowledge no leader in tho House, but to .condubt himself as a freo lancé. Mr. Foratort intention is to assume, tho role of an independent critic, and ho .therefore decliuos to bo framraolled by party alliances. It may bo taken'for granted; howovor, that his voto wül \ noyer bo wanting to assist Mr. Stuart in opposition to Sir .'Honry Parkes'. Government-of course only wbon ho thinks, the latter in thc wrong. Thoro aro many other I membors, upon \yhom some reliance'can bo placed wliou f'support is , 'needed who bayo not yet boon asked to join tho Opposition. Tho -party, so far, is 'designedly a small ono, for it' is thereby bettor capable of concerted action, and less), liable to tlio disintegrating influ- ences incidental to tho association of a numerous .body " with .? hardly liny ,,defined line, of action. There aro plenty merabors ?. ready to jobi an Opposition, and if the polioy pursued by Mr. Stuart; and his imme- diate, followers,', commends .itsolf to their judgment or 'preju'dicos. they will probably avow themselves oppo- nents of the Ministry before the session is over. That ! policy ia not to . secure the deposition of tho present \ Governmont upon tho: readiest pretext, but to perfprm I tho task of a watchful critical party/and to meet every :? supposed ^dereliction of duty on their ;part with an ' adverse motion'.' ' Under such criticism Milburn Creok Í compensation votes 'would not bo so easily smuggled j through. . .?..It: may bo noticed that tho names, of. Messrs. j Ó'Comiór and Slattery havo boon omitted from tho list [ of Mr.'.Stuart's'supporters, notwithstanding 'that both j have been uncompromising opponents of tbo Ministry f.J_tbe former over, since' ho hos boon in office, and } tho latter during tkpiwholo pf..tho time bo has occupied '-.a seat in the Honse. ,The;oxplanation is, that Mr. Stuart ? oiad -his friends: aro anxious to avoid the appearance of forming anything like a pro-Oatliolio party, and to give .thé-Premier as little'onportanity as nossihle' for raisins: \--- ? J - - _ anothor "Kiama ghost " scaro by declaring tho Education Act to bo in dangor. Mr. Stuart and his frionds (tart upon tho assumption that tho education question is dcDnitelj Bottled, arid that nothing short ot a revulsion of imbin opinion would justify any attempt to tamper with 11« oxisting Act. Mr. Stuart baa all tho mere need to be careful in this respect, bocauso ho happens to entertain rather Btroug views in opposition lo tho secularisation of public instruction. Tho two gentlemen just alluded to wero not invited to Ibo Opposition caucus which wai held last week, but Mr. Stuart ia shrowd enough to koon that ho can always roly upon thom for support wilhoul' committing himself to a formal recognition of them ai ; mombors of his party. Tho precaution was a wiso ona for already tho Attorney-General, who was put un on > Thursday night to reply to Mr. Forster, wont outof hil way to raise tho old education cry. Ile was promptly told by Mr. Abbott that neither ho nor tho Premier nor all tho Ministry put together, dare touch tho Educa- tion Act. llowover, this bogio scaro is too useful to bi I readily discarded, and wo shall hear it frequently be foro the session closes, j No timo was lost in tho Asaombly in Bottling down tc work, or ratbor talk. Tho wholo of tho four, days' sittinpi j woro occupied in tho debate on tho address in reply, in j eluding Mr. Stuart's motion of censuro. Tho adoption nf i tho address waa mowd by Mr. Sydnoy Smith, who ii j a brother of Mr, T. It. Smith, member for tho Nepean, and who, aftor moro than ono fruitless attempt, has mauagod to pot into Parliament on tho " farmers' friond" ticket. Ho holds tho seat for Knst Macquarie ns n colloaguo of Mr, Combes, and aa the successor to I tho lato Mr. Pochoy. Ile is not an orator (orator? ¡8 a I gift which does not appear to run in tho family)! and his first Bpeech in Parliament was not a success cithei as to matter or mannor. It is a sevore comment on a young member's first attempt, when he cannot rctab even tho courteous attention of tho House. Tho main speech in tho wholo debato was Mr. Ileid'a It was tho first ambitious effort ho has mads shico hit election, nearly two years ago. flo did good practical work1 liist session with his Width ot Streets and Lanei Bill, and ko promise* to do good work this session asi debater. Ho is certainly ono of our few know» corninu j men. Ho has considerable talent ; be has mo« j than considerable solf-confulonco; ho is not over !? stocked with venoration for veteran politicians, and ho has all tho ambition it i.s necessary to commend in ' anyone. Ho had ovidontly prepared himself for s big effort last Tuesday, and ho succeeded. For two houri and a half ho hold tho attention of a fullilousc, bal tho spocch would havo lost nothing in argument, and would havo gained much in concentrated force, if it had been compressed within an hour's less time, Slr. Stuart and Sir Henry Parkes, who started early in tho debate, said no moro than thoy could woll help in sap port of their particular viows ; but few of the others wero os. brief. Mr, Farnell spoko for nearly two hours; and his speech had something of tho old firo and vigour about it. ne has developed a renowed interest in political lifo, and when tho promised Land Bill is introduced, ho will bo found in the front ranki of ita critics. Somo of tho other ßpoeokca wero good others indifferent, but, taken aa a wholo, tho debato wu tho best thot has taken, place during tho existence of tie present Administration. Tho Government nffoctod at first to attach little importanco to tho discussion, and, with tho oxcoption of a brief and somewhat llippant speech from tho Premier, thoy preserved a studied silence at first. But some oí tho shots from tho Opposition told with such effect that dofenco, if not retaliation, became necessary, aad boneo Ibero wero speeches by no loss than five Ministe besides the Frontier, namely, Messrs, Foster, Suttor, Lackey, Wisdom, and Sir John Kobortson. Tho latter, who now for tho first time sita in tho As sombly os tho colloaguo and supporter of his old antagonist, received a cordial welcome on his re turn to tho arona of his former triumphs and failures Probably no politician in these colonies has i stronger poraonal following than Sir John Robertson, but his geniality and good fellowship are fasl becoming tho only tios botweon him and hil followers. His speech on Friday night, effective as il was by its warmth and hoartinoes, was destitute of logic, and not altogothor froo from a littlo pique ano soreness. He evidently feels that as his day foi achioving fresh victories ia almost done, ho must'stani by tho monument of his old victory-tho Land Act and defend it from assaults, all tho more irritating bocauso thsy aro mado to some extent by 'prenti« hands in politics. And thoro tho veteran revealed til weak point in hia coat of mail. He railed at younga sters who dared to attack him, a prominent man ii political lifo when thoy wore wearing bibs and tuckers Doos it not occur to him that weaknoss of argument, not youth, ÍB tho point upon which to attack an oppo- nent? Can ho not carry his memory back toa period when ho, a moro ensign in tho political ranks,measured swords with captains and genorals who had grown grey in tho servico of tho country, and who might have told him that thoy had won their spurs wheo he was it " bibs and tuckers ?" . Opinions differ vory much as to tho wisdom ot Mt. Stuart's motion of cenauro, inasmuch as it was known from tho first that it would not be lnrgoly supported Tho Ministry privately admitted their gratification al tho course Mr. Stuart had taken, bocauso all tho advero criticism might havo boon indulged in without .onj motion of consure, whilo tho division upon il sorved to show tho numerical weakness of tho Oppoa. tion. On tho other hand, tho motion served a luofcl parpase as a fooler, arid Mr. Stuart was _ probaWj anxious to discover upon whom ho could definitely roly. Tho result was rather disappointing. -Tweaty-Cour vota wero calculated upon on tho side of tho upjrabos, W only 20 woro recorded, including tho pairs. The only accessions to tho ranks of tho Opposition since las! session who took part in tho division were Mossw. \Y. lt Campbell, J. P-Abbott, and Fremhn. On to otto hand, it should not bo supposed that tho dtvmon bj anv moans represents tho strength of Mr. Stuar. naftv. A carefully compiled hst shows over 80 fairly reliable supporters, and there is also a numerous body "ho are ta » transition state. Some mern era trt voted with the Government on Friday night aro ri i:i,»iw tn vntn with them airain on a test cjuestion Uli«./ lu -°" ' * QUIP. 