"SYDNEY SPORTING NOTES7 {FBOK OUB OWH OOBBK8POBDWT.) NOV. 20. 1 The majority of oar ownere, tminen, end meUl UoUne baring returned from the other aide, eportlng mattera an beginning to mine a livelier appear ance, and doling the peat veek TattoreaH'e tflub haa been fairly well attended, although hudoaai a chiefly confined to Wagga event* However, the weighta lor the A.J.O. BmnmerOap are to ^>pear to day, and thooe tor TattereaireOnp on Monday next, and donbtleaa epeeolaUon win beoome tolerably fcriefc. There la vary little doing over the diamplon meeting,, and tnmaaottona aeem to he principally with the aonbleerent book*—Obaapton end Nonnanby •Mkae —Navigator and Commotion being apparently flrat choice for the former, while with either of them may be conpled Narina or BUAdlemarob. : Noting the enoeeee thaiati ended the Jomptng event at the reoent ematenr raoe meeting at Went Maltland, the committee of the Northern Joefcty dob havede* elded to intmdneeaa tonwptleh lpto their programme for the 11th and 18th Jaonaty next, in the ahape of a Hurdle Baee. Thin It trtatended, ehall taketbe ptaoe of the Sobetlthta Handloap. the oeoondaoeen the that day, and aa the dletriot boaeta each eup portenoforoaaooontry riding ae the Hen. John galea, Pr. Haab, Ur. fi. Beynptya, Nr. D. N. tUokay. and ottiervJ donbt pet It will prove that the programme hae been wbely amended. It la rather unfortunate, however, that the datee of the N.J.C. fixture ehonld Neeh with theee el Bega. for many of oar metropo titan ownen look forward with pleeenre to a trip to the aontbara ooart town.tad ha there will ben epllt ttag yollBleraata I nm afraid bptheliibewiUaafler of thtee who ahaadn lara ttkao a leadingpart In their fieoieotten Mu either toonNtbefle or «ao * Itod thufc ttntttmin ■ , however, Nr. tartan w Ooolbnrn Trnrf (flab, held Imtaaegoial', nee meting on mat, and which, Judging from „ ^paeitfaMdohanremarWbiyane iiMf alone. The aatrlea for the principal handloape cloeed bet week with very eatirfaotorr raenlta, no fewer than W boreal having been nominated for the Ooolbarn Capi and 91 for the Toif dob Handloap, ( and as amongst them are to be found such names as Lord Burghley, Creswlck, Lord Ltsgar, Jessie, Eva, and Glpey Oooper, some first-class racing shonli ensue. The Australian Eleven arrived safely by the R.M.S. City of New York from San Franeisoo on Saturday, and were met down the harbour by the steam launch Victor, on board of which were the committee and some members of the New South Vales Cricket Asso ciation. Upon arrival at the Oiiculat Quay they fonnd a four-horse drag awaiting them, in which they were driven to the Exchange Hotel, where champagne was ordered in, and they received a hearty welcome from Mr. R. Teece, the non. treasurer of the associa tion, to which Mr. Murdoch responded. Their voyage back has been an uneventful but rather rough one, and eeveral members of the teem—notably Horan and M'Donnell—suffered greatly from sea- sickness. Other wise they look well and hearty, and one and all are enthusiastic about the pleasant trip they have had and the jolly times they have spent, although the Notting ham disagreement appears still to rankle in the breast of their manager. Later in the afternoon the Vic torian contingent, with Giffen and Midwinter _ (the latter of whom has taken a trip out on spec), visited the Aeeoclatlon-ground, where tbey were enthusiasti cally received. At the conclusion oi the Carlton and Warwick match, then on, Giffen, Bonnor (who seems more burly than ever), BUckham, M'Donnell, and Palmer went in for a little practice, when some big hitting waBlnaulged in by "thegiant" and M Don neli. The team are at present quartered at the Metro politan Hotel, which is literally besieged by their numerous friends and admirers. The success of the Hon. Ivo Bligh's team over the Victorian eleven has caused those jeeious of the cricket ing presuge of this colony to view with anxiety the . approachiug match with the Englishmen, for no one at all aware of the weakness of our representatives can foresee anything else than a most crushing defeat. Mr. C. W. Seal, the manager for the Australians, has so far been singularly reticent as to whether the New South Wales members of his eleven will do battle for their colony, although 1 believe that several oi the Association Committee are doing their utmost to attain that desirable end. 1 understand, however, ' that negotiations are proceeding with the Soulh Aus tralian Association for a match at Adelaide early In the coming month, and should that be arranged there is very little possibility of Murdoch arid bis redoubtable men figuring here before tbey meet the Englishmen as a body on the 26ih Jamiary "ext. On Friday ai d Saturday next the second contest for the Eras Champagne Cup will take place over the Parramatta river course, and although your colony will unfortunately not be represented through the absence of the present holder of the trophy. Mr. Plttes, still the competitors are sufficiently numerous to ensure a good contest. The Sydney Rowing CI ab will send three men, Messrs. J. Arthur, V. W. Q&den;, and D. D. Mlddleton; the Mercantile Rowing Club two, Messrs W. Q. Brett and J. Trimble; tbe Bal maln Rowing Club a like number, Messrs. 0. A. Bros and F. Clark ; while Tasmania will be represented by Mr. A. bharland, of tbe DerweLt Rowing Club. To give precedence io our visitor, who Is being trained up the river by Perkins, the English scull -r, I may say that be has a very neat style, and seems able to get plenty of pace on bis boat in smooth water, but when it is at all lompy, which is usua ly tbe case with the prevalent north-east winds he appears to labour very much. AmongBt the others the only ones who seem likely to have any say in the final beat are BreU and Arthur, and tbe struggle between the two should prove well worth watching. There is, how ever, comparatively little Interest taken in the affair outside the friends of the various competitors, and as a means of stimulating amateur sculling the Krug Champagne Cup may be looked upon aa a lamentable failure. In pi tifssaluusl circles matters are rather lively just at present, and considerable interest is being taken In the meeting of Trickett and Clifford, In watermen's skiffs, on Saturday next, for a stake of £100 a aide, the general opinion being that tbe ex champion will be ones more obliged to play a game of " follow my r." Trickett certainly shows the effects of ' leader." Trickett certainly shows the effects of too much bard work and training, and looks merely the ghost of hb former self; but if style goes for anything, be most undoubtedly bat a long way the advantage of his opponent, although Clifford oertalnly looks woll in bis boat. Although tbe latter was beaten at Bal main tbe other day, it was apparent that he was quite out of condition, and as the boats to be used are re ported to be exceptionally heavy ones, be may gain an advantage in that respect. Pesrce's friends are not satisfied with bis double detest by Largan, In England, nod bencea match for £50 a tide has been arrangod for the 80th pet, in beet and best boats. Tbe Eng lishman has got bis hands full, for on the Saturday following his meeting with Pearoe he rows Trickett for a stake of £300, and on the Saturday after he will tackle M'Donald, of the Clarence Elver, tor a Tbe committee of tbe New South Wales Cricket Assodation, finding that they are powerless to deal with offences on their grounds, such as the use of obscene language, drunkenness, destruction of pro perty by climbing fenoee, Ac., have determined to submit some ground rules to tbe Executive Council for their approval. Tbe late Hon 8. O. Brown had the matter In band at tbe time of his decease, I believe, and now they will be taken up and completed by another vice-president, Mr. M. H. Stephen. There is no doubt that such rales are greatly needed, for at present the larrikin classes completely set the assoda tion off]dels at defiance. I bad an opportunity at inspecting at Mean. T. T. Jones and Bon's, jewellers, the Wagga Oup Just made to the order of Mr. A. G. Jonee for pre sentation to the Murnmbldges Turf Club, and ft la certainly one of tbe moet handsome specimens of the goldsmith's sit I have Seen for s long time. It is iff Etruscan design in dead frosted gold, relieved bare and there with circles iff burnished tiiver, standing about ltin. in height. Tbe cover is surmounted with a correct imitation of a judge's box, which contains two occupants, while two horses with riders up are racing past, Tbe obverse bears the words, " Wsgga WaggaA in rslsed burnished letters, the reverse befog left uank for the name of the winning boras sod owner, while at tbe foot is a small shield, upon which will be inscribed the donor's name. Tbe design la a novel one, and there has been an attention to details, notably In tbe modelling of tbe horses and their riders, that reflects lbs highest credit upon tbe firm. 