CONFIRMATION AT ST. STEPHEN'S THE sacrament of confirmation was adminis- tered in St. Stephens Cathedral by the Right Rev. Dr. Dunne yesterday. It being the first confirmation service held in Brisbane by the newly-appointed Bishop, an unusual amount of interest was attached to it, which was intensi- fied by the very large number of candidates upon whom the sacrament was conferred. The consequence was that the cathedral was crowded to the doors, while hundreds could not gain admission; and amongst the congregation was of course a large number of parents and friends of the children to be confirmed. The candidates numbered in all 611, of whom 500 were girls and boys. Most of the children were from the different Catholic schools of the city, and had been under preparation for some time — the girls by the Sisters of Mercy, and the boys by the clergy of Brisbane. They had also been examined on the previous Thursday and Friday by the Right Rev. Dr. Dunne, who was pleased with the answers given to his ques- tions and with the knowledge of christian doc- trine which they displayed. The candidates received the holy sacrament at the 7 o'clock mass, and reassembled in the cathedral grounds at about half-past 10 o'clock, where they were marshalled in processional order. The scene in the church just before the 11 o'clock mass commenced was one of the most pleasing we have ever witnessed. The girls were admitted first, ranging in age from about ten-year-old little lassies to sturdy young women of some ten years more. The manner in which they entered the church was admirable. Their arrangement on one side of the nave was perfect in its discipline, and they were perfect in de- portment fitting the occasion. They were well marshalled to their seats by the Ladies of Mercy, and neither before nor after was there anything like giggling, glancing about, talking, or inattention. When all the girls had been seated the boys began to file in — a much rougher- looking and sturdier crowd, but withal very orderly — big, long-armed, brown-faced lads, who had evidently had their day at the axe and plough, and thin bright-looking little youngsters, hardy enough they seemed, but evidently town-bred. They all, boys and girls, seemed reverent and well ordered, but it was evidently hard work for some of the younger ones to repress for so long a time and through a ceremony necessarily tedious, because un- demonstrative, the volatility of youth. The boys wore no particular garb ; it was motley, but mostly gray to black, so their portion of the nave was not more attractive than an ordinary school gathering. The opposite side looked — when the girls were seated, or more especially when they rose to the Gospel of the Mass, and at other times — like a vast parterre of flowers moved by a gentle breeze. White predominated greatly, but the red or blue ribbons of some of the schools relieved the uniformity with good effect. Altogether, we believe that never within the walls of a church in this city has been seen a more pleasing sight. The first portion of the service consisted of ordinary Low Mass, distinguished, however, by the "Confitebar Tibi Domini," sung with fine effect by Mr. Gordon, of the Montague-Turner Opera Company. At the conclusion of the mass the candidates for confirmation sang a hymn, "Come, Holy Ghost" — in which their voices harmonised very nicely. The ceremony of con- firmation was then commenced, the Bishop being assisted by the Rev. Fathers Fouhy and Rossolini, the Rev. Fathers Breen, Corrigan, and Cummins being also engaged in the func- tion. The children marched two by two to the predella of the altar, where the unctions took place. At the close of the ceremony, the Right Rev. Dr. Dunne addressed a few words to those who had received the sacrament. He congratulated them on the great gift they had received, and warned them, in the words of the apostle, that they carried the gift in earthen vessels. He told them that their journey, from the church door till their death, would be like that described by Christ as lying between Jerusalem aud Jericho, and that there would be the same enemies in their way. He cautioned the young specially against those "plunderers of youth," bad company and idle- ness, dwelling but briefly on the former because its results were so patent, but alluding espe- cially to the latter, and warning them particu- larly against a constant change of employment, on some idle excuse, as tending to an unfruitful life, both as regarded this and the next world. He assured them that Jesus Christ, the good Samaritan of the nineteenth century as well as of all time, would always be their friend to pour the oil and wine into their wounds, and besought them, in whatever sphere their life might be cast, to adhere closely to Him. He considered this all the more needful inasmuch as if the tide of this world continued to set in the same direction as it had done up to the present, the state of Christianity, as they grew to man's estate, would not find much favor ; but at the same time he believed a friend would never be found such as the doctrine of Christ and the example of His life which He had left us. The proceedings were brought to a close at about 3 p.m. In the evening vespers at the cathedral were rendered even more impressive than usual by the choir, being assisted by Signora Venosta, who sang "O, Salutaris" with grand effect, and by Mr. Gordon, who, with Mr. Simmonds, took part in two duets "Ecce Panis," and Ross's "Tantum Ergo." For the finale Mr. Simmonds, assisted by members of the choir, sang the " Laudate " very effectively. 