THE O'CARROILS OF GLOUGHRUE. A TALE OF QUEEN ANNE'S TIME IN IRELAND. Chapter XXIX.— The Bit o' Beauty ?;..,.???? Sees a Ghost. (Continued.) * Now, young man,' said the Clonmel shoe maker, as, with legs stretched out to their ful lest extent and his hands dived down as far as as they could go into his pockets, he addressed his son — ' Now, young man, spare j'our tongue the trouble, for home your mother and I go. Why, man, I have my own affairs to mind, and there is no more chance of find ing this money than there is of finding Thier ny-oge i£ I went to look for it.' ' And yet it may be found at any moment,' commenced Dick. ' I am sure my mother' — — ' I am sure your mother is coming home with me when I desire her to do so,' inter rupted his father decisively. ' We are both too long away from our house and our little Sophy, and all for nothing.' 'Bring Sophy here,' said Dick eagerly. ' Ay, and the shop, and William Turner, for I know she would not be happy 'any where without him,' replied his father. ' No, no, boy ;? although that young wife of yours is a little witch, aud has stolen into her mother in-law's heart in spite of prejudice, she has not put her own home nor her own child out of it, and she is as anxious to bo bacft with' both of them as I am.' ' Yea, husband, thee are right,' smiled his wife. ' Yet thee knows thee are very fond of Nora, thyself, and pet her as much as our son Richard doth or more.' ' Well, so I do,' confessed the shoemaker, 'but that is nut the point in question now. Dick can have all the petting to himself in future ; for I repeat, and let me hear no more about it, you and I leave this place the day after to-morrow — just giving you time to churn whatever cream you have before you go— and not an hour longer. He must manage to make sale of tho remaining stock himself afterwards ; I have no more to do with him.' ' Thy father is right, son Richard,' said his mother, who, watching every change in her son's face, saw he was still inclined to argue, and so spoke herself to prevent his speaking — thy father is right. We have been hero much longer than was at first in tended by us, and, although we know her to be safe in the kind and godly keeping of friend Sarah Grvrubb, oui* hearts yearn towards thy sister, that, having her again in our own charge, we may dwell once more together tinder our own rooftree. This money may be a snare set for thy feet, son [Richard ; for get it, and be content, I pray thee.' ' Egad, he will have to be content as far as wo are concerned,' said his father. ' And if this grand colonel,' he added, laughing, 'who is so pompous with us one minute and so in timate the next, invites us to the oak parlour this evening— or, indeed, whether he does or not— I will let him him know that I strike any camp here on the second day from this and march for Clonmel without being a penny the better than when I left it.' No one replied to this, and there was a Bhorb silence, which was broken by the same speaker, who asked,, addressing his wife : / ?' '. ', ' ?''. ??'??? ?; '. ? : ? / : '.. ?!' Where is NoraP Have you sent her any where, mammie P' :' Mammie ' was the name Dick's wife had fo|and for. her mother-in-law, as she had quickly grown very fond of her, and disliked calling her by the formal name of 'Mrs. Jones,' and yet could not teach her loyal little lips to give the sacred and loving name of ' mother ' to anyone in the whole world save her own. ?' Yea,' replied the Quakeress ; 'the corri dor on which the bedrooms open needed sweeping sorely. I do not believe it was at tended to since the day the O'Carrolls left Cloughrue until to-day, when I bade Nora take her brush and cleanse it carefully.' Now Dick Jones was cross about other things, and he spoke crossly now — a most un usual thing with him when he addressed his mother — saying : ' What a task to set her — sweep a dirty place like that without the slightest necessity for it !' ' Nay, son, the toil is a light one,' replied the woman quietly, ' and thy wife's hab; :ts should be orderly.' ' She is orderly enough,' remarked Dick in a gruff manner, while his father, without in terfering between them, rose and, approach ing the window, made some trifling remark to the man, who still sat there enjoying his to bacco fumes. ' I shall go call her from it,' said the young husband, rising also to leave the room, but he had no need to do so, for even as he spoke Nor entered hastily, her sweet little face flushed and her little hands trembling vio lently, and, first giving a rapid glance to wards the window where the two men spoke together, she passed Dick, and clung, pant ing, to ' mammie,' while she whispered some thing into her very ear. At first the Quakeress seemed puzzled as she listened, and could not apparently understand why The Bit o' Beauty was pressing her hand so closely in her agita tion ; but her face cleared gradually, until at length, with a composed smile, she put back the l'ich locks that had fallen over the little one's forehead, and, kissing her affectionately, said aloud : ' There are no suoh things as ghosts, Nora. Remember, thee are never to believe in such silly nonsense. And now calm thyself, like the good girl thou art. and I will finish tho brushing of the corridor myself, so that you need not return to it as you are so frightened.' ' And has little goosey seen a ghost,' cried her father-in-law, laughing merrily, as did tire strange man and even Dick, although at the same time the latter drew her close to mm, saying suuLiuugiy : ' Come here and never mind them, now. Tell it all to me.' ' Was it in the kitchen it appeared ?' queried the shoemaker, pursuing the joke farther. ' It looks the most likely place for such dreary things to frequent, although, to speak the truth of these Papist O'Carrolls, it was as cheerful a place as a man could wish to make himself comfortable in when I saw it first.' ' What shape did it show itself in, Mrs. Jones ?' asked the man on guard next, who did not seem much troubled, with supersti tious fear either. ButNora-was to busy whispering to Dick to reply. ' Oh ! come— don't make a secret of it,' persevered her father-in-law ; ' out with it, little woman, and let us all have the benefit of the vision, whatever shape it took.' ' Our daughter-in-law is too much put out at present for jesting,' said Mrs. Jones with a grave look at her husband, ' and thee should have sense enough to see as much. I shall take her away from you for awhile, until she is more composed.' ' Ha, ha ! shoemaker,' said Jones, address ing himself, with a mirthful affectation of having received seiTere punishment ; ' you know only you are a very bad boy, and de serve a sound whipping, Bess would not have taken to scolding you — ' before the people at any rate.' ' And now I shall take my daughter-in-law with me, having done scolding you,' said his wife, with her usual placid smile, as she drew Nora away from Dick ; and, leaving the men to themselves, the two women left the room together, and had their further confidences about the ghost out in private. Chapter XXX. — Mes. Eyan Obliges the Colonel foe the Last Time. Dick went off soon afterwards to learn how his wife was getting on, and then his father followed him for the same purpose ; but neither stayed away long, for they were soon back again, laughing with the man over the fancies oi: women in general, and at Nora's in particular — that she had seen something, not in the corridor but in the deserted kitchen, which, now that she was all right again, she acknowledged might have been a shadow or a mouse, or perhaps a stray cat in search of one among the furniture. But, they sup posed, the place was so silent and changed that it made her feel nervous and lonely. And (lien the subject was drop pec!, and they chatted idly over other matters until, as was a frequent habit of his, Weston strode sud denly in among them, and looked suspiciously around. As we know, his frame had always been gaunt and his complexion sallow* but now his limbs were so wbrn that one wbuld not be surprised to hear them rattle as he moved, like those of a skeleton upon a gibbet in a storm, while the skin, on his face had exactly the appearance of dirty parchment, and was strained so tightly over his features that his hooked beak looked more pronounced than ever, giving him, in conjunction with his discoloured fangs and scowling brows, exactly the expression of a beast of prey. He was in a profoundly bad temper, too, just now ; but the Joneses had always pre served a certain independence of manner to wards him through all their intercourse which rendered him cautious of giving way to it, and, without making any noisy insistance about it, had always kept the fact well be fore him that they were staunch Protestants and loyal subjects as well as he. In fact the ex-trooper was worn out, body and mind, in his pursuit of this money, and there were moments when he looked backwith regret on his former hand-to-mouth existence and its precarious and unequivocal enjoyments, be fore he had ever heard of it at all. Yet still he had heard of it ; and it was death to him, since he had done so, to give up the hope of gaining it, and the pleasure and triumph he should have when, rich in its possession, he could return to his old haunts and swagger to the top of his bent in the lavish expendi ture of old O'Carroll's gold. ' And yet not old O'Carroll's gold now,' he reflected, 'but my own ; for is it not mine by right and jus tice since I have worked so hard to find it P* A vague uneasiness was beginning to grow upon him about his daughter and his sonin law. He had no answer to his letter to them, nor had he heard news of any description from Dublin for some weeks. It was strange, he began to think, that they were not asking him for money, and his mind misgave him very correctly that Booth had got mixed up with the counsellor's affairs, and had supplied them with it at ruinous interest. ' Well, no matter,' he decided. ' I will set that all right once I can leave this with safety, and to do so I will engage the same Booth to help me. These Joneses are a failure, but I think if I had that old money grubber with me we should find the treasure if we had to take down this old Popish bar rack stone by stone for it. I shall not agree to give him half though,' he muttered ; ' on consideration, a fourth will be ample to offer, and to pay for the labour of taking down the old den out of his share. Besides I must find it,' he mused on, ' and I will. And then what a figure I shall make once I finger the guineas, and how I shall show that old rebel, Byrne, what sort of a gentleman he slighted when he refused to take my hand !' And it was with a resolve almost fixed in his mind to dismiss the' Joneses, and send one of Heatch's men with a special message to the money-lender, that he now sought them, and yet not so fixed but that his indecision rendered him irritable and unpleasant in his humour and domineering in his manner. ' Where are the women P' he demanded im periously when he noted their absence. Heatch's man had sprung to his feet the moment Weston entered, but Dick, who was leaning against a high corner cupboad, did not change his position, nor did his father rise from his chair as he replied : ' My wife and her daughter- in-law are busy in the dairy, and I was just about to go in search of you, colonel, to tell you what they say, or as you aw here you had better go to them yourself and let them tell you.' ' Tell it, whatever it is, as you seem to know,' replied Weston shortly. ' My wife says they have cream enough to make another firkin, and she thinks it better not to keep it longer, the weather is so warm. That will make five ; and as Mrs. Ryan said the last day she wa3 here she should be taking in some of her own to to-morrow's market, it would be as well to let the whole go together. At least I think she said to- morrow, but you had better send down one of the men toDro hid to make sure.' The colonel went out himself to the dairy without speaking, and then Mrs. Jones came in, saying he had gone to send a messengei to Mrs. Eyan, but that she was to get a bit of hot supper ready by his orders before she began the churning, which she would do at once in the cool evening. ' He hath something particular to talk over with thee and E.iehard, he told me,' she added, to her husband ; ' so you are both to take a share of it with him in tho oak par lour.' In due time the man came back from Dro hid to say that Jones was right. Mrs. Eyan ?wan going to Cork with three firkins of her own next morning, and would take the colonel's along with them with pleasure ; but, as there was a long road before them, they should be ready early, for Pat Hegarty and herself would bo up at the house be tween five and six o'clock at the latest. ' Her husband is a mighty cross, hasty little man,' added the messenger, as he gave the answer to WesLon. ' He nearly threw me out when he saw me ; but, egad, she didn't care a bit for him, but said at once she would oblige your honour, and do more than thai for you if it was in hw power.' ' She shall not lose by her civility,' re plied the trooper grandly, ' and for her sake I shall not notice the conduct of her hus band ; otherwise I should get my friend Mr. ' Heatoh to jail him for his insolence to a gentleman of honour and position and a loyal subject.' It did not take Mrs. Jones very long to prepare the hot supper ordered by the trooper. Mrs. Eyan kept them well supplied with fowl and; eggs, and, as there was enough of the bacon kept back for their own wants, a savoury 'odour of broiled chicken, ham, and fried eggs soon pervaded the oak parlour, where the table was also well supplied with claret and, Weston's favourite stimulant, brandy from the Cloughrue cellar, which the O'Carrolls had always taken a pride in keep ing well stocked. When the disheG were served, Mrs. Jones, Norah, and the man in charge went out through the old kitchen to the dairy, the door of which wo,;; just beside that which opened from the former place to the farmyard, and at once set about the churning, leaving the colonel to take hia place before the tempting viands and shake off some of his ill-temper at the sight of them. ' Sit down, sit down,' he cried with a great affectation of. condescension to the two men, father and son, whom he had asked to join him, and who indeed had already taken their seats without waiting for any invitation from him to do so. ' I do not mind difference of rank,' he went on, with a pompous gracious ness that amused them both, although they preserved grave countenances — ' I do not mind difference of rank in my associates on some occasions so much as I should mind sitting alone to supper. It is a thing to which I am not accustomed.' ' You are quite right,' replied the Clon mel man, with a cool approval of the senti ment which nettled his host's dignity. a good deal, as it did not aeem to recognize his supo- , riority by any means ; ' I always agreed with the proverb, ' To sit down alone to a feast is to turn the table into a manger.' ' (To be continued.) 