DISTRICT XEWS. (FBOÏI O ÜB VABIOÜB C0BBKSP0NDENT8,] IttGSWELLDROOK. Police Office, Tobsday, Apbil 4th. (Before" T. Garrett, r.sr., and E. Bowman, W. Pearao, and F. W. Thrum, J's.P.) Sheep Stealing.--James Molloy, in custody, was brought up for that he did, at Spring Creek, near Muswellbrook, on the 1st day of April, feloniously steal, take, and drive away one Leicester ewe, tar branded B on rump, the property of William Batee, of Spring Creek.-James Smith, being sworn, stitos : I am a Sergeant of Police stationed at Muswellbrook; I know the prisoner; he is a shepherd in tho employ of J. H. Keys, Esq., of Bengalla, and he resides at a place called the Shingled Hut at Spring Creek ; on Sunday last, the 2nd inst., I went to bis residence with Constable Stone and William Bates ; prisoner was not there when we arrived at his hut, but he returned at about half-past five in the afternoon ; wben I saw him I said I have a warrant to search ?our hut ; I read it to him ; it is the one produce, and it is signed by R, IS, Grigson, J.P., and dated 2nd* April, 1882; it was issued on the complaint of William'Bates ; after I read the warrant, prisoner said "I did kill the ewe, they should not let her come here; I did not know who it belonged to ; I was afraid she would take away some of my sheep;" I proceeded to search the hut, and found a piece of very fat mutton in a bag recently salted ; prisoner then went to hie bed, and took from under it a kerosene tin, and I took a similar one from under the bad, and tbey both con- tained very fat mutton, recently salted ; I afterwards, accompanied, by Constable Stone and the prisoner went to a spot about 50 yards at the back of the hut w la ere I noticed the ground recently disturbed ; we dug down, and about a foot under the surlace we found tho «kin of a Leicester sheep, which I pro- duce; it is a green skin; it appeared to have been taken off only a few hours from the sheep's back ; there was also some fat in the same place with the skin; a few yards from there I found a sheep's head in a bole among' some grass ; it appeared to have been killed at the same time ; I produce it ; the off ear is slit and the top of the near ear is off ; I made further search and found another skin beyond near by; it was rotten; I said to the prisoner "I arrest you on n charge of stealing a ewe, the property of William Bates; he said " I killed the ewe, but I did not know who she belonged to" ; I brought him to the lockup.-Examined by prisoner : You did say the ewe had been in your flock some days, and that she took away some of your sheep.-William Bates, being sworn, states; I am a free selector and I reside near Spring Creek. I know the prisoner; he is a shepherd, and lives near me ; the information just read is true, and the prisoner is the person I referred to in it; I have some sheep, about 104 ; they are a mixed lot ; tbey run on land adjoining where prisoner has been shep- herding ; I had one Leicester «wa on Fri- day last before dioner, and it was the only Leicester I had ; sha was between five and six years old ; she was branded B on the rump, tar brand, the top was off the near ear, and the ofl ear waa slit ; it was very fat ; when I saw her on Friday she was with my other sheep, about a mile from prisoner's place, and on my own selection ; my sheep, a long time ago, got boxed with prisoner's sheep ; I missed the ewe on the following day, Saturday ; I did not look for ber on that day ; but on Sunday I did look for her, and in doing so I went to prisoner's hut ; I asked him if he passed any sheep, and he said no ; I told him I had lost one Leicester ewe, and asked him if he picked her up to let me know ; he said ho would ; after a while I left, but in three or four hours I returned to the hut; at the back of it I noticed a hole, with long grass growing in it; I looked into it, and I saw the heid of my ewe; I did not touch it; I then came' and told the sergeant, and got a search war. ant and went back with the police to the hut ; I saw the bead in the same; I have examined the head and skin producod; the head is that of my ewe; it bears my ear mark; I noticed a faint tar brand on the skin, but it is not clear enough to say what it is ; the skin is that of my Leicester sheep. The prisoner was committed for trial (after the usual caution) at the Quarter Sessions, to be holden at Muswellbrook on the 26th day of June next. Bail was allowed prisoner in the sum of £40, and two sureties in £20 each. Licensing Meeting.-The quarterly licensing meeting for this district was held on Tnesdny, April 4th. Present: Edward Bowman, liosnsing magistrate, and Edward While and Frederick S. Bell, the licensing board. The meeting was merely of a formal nature, as there were no applications in for consideration. The inspector's ' report of the different bouses was gone through. There was an application for a wine license, but on account of its not being in in time, and the inspector not having received notice in accordance with the Act, it was not taken into con- sideration. A special meeting is to be held for the purpose of taking into consideration application for publicans' and wine licenses, on Tuesday, th° L'O.h June next; und it behoves all those who wi.ti to retain their licenses to be prepared and also to have their application and notices in the paper in lime. I should also advise them to go to the court- house and see the inspector's report book, which is open for anyone to see, so as they will know wb.-t they have to do to come under the provisions of the Act. CBICKBT, A match was played on Saturday last between an eleven of the Muswellbrook Cricket Club and eleven of the Scone cricketers, which resulted iu an easy victory for the local team, as the scores will show. The bowling of the Scone men was completely col- lared, and their fielding was anything but good, as the number of suudries show. Another thing against them waa that tbey only had eight men when tbey nrrived, and had to take in what they could get to help thom. The local team was a strong one. The following is the soore : Scone. First Innings. J. Mather, b. Saunders......!.... 1 II. Harper, b. H. Cox. 8 T. Moody, run out. 0 J. Bro m head, run out . 0 T. Welsh, c. Saunders, b. Cox. 1 J. Young, run out. O P. Fianaghan, b.F. Budden..'. 3 W. Haynes, c. Saunders, b. Budden . 1 G. Cribb, b. Budden. 0 W. Niddrie, b. Budden. 0 O, R, Fawkes, not out. 1 Sundries.?. 8 29 Second Innings. Bromhead, b. Saunders. 2 Harpur, c. Blunt, b. Saunders. 0 Mather, c. Guilfoyle, b. Budden. 12 J. Fergusson, a and b, Budden..... 5 Young, b. Saunders. 1 Welsh, b o.w,, b. Guilfoyle. 1 Fianaghan, b. Budden. 0 Moody, not out. 2 HayneB, b, Budden. 0 Niddrie, b. Saunders. 4 Donavon, c. Cox, b. Saunders..-. 0 Sundries. 12 Total.45 First innings.29 Grand total. 74 MUSWRLLBBOOK, lirst Innings. E. Bowman, c. Young, b, Harpur. 0 W. Hodge?, c. Nidarie, b. Mather . 10 H. Cox, l.b.w,, b. Mather. 0 J. Saunders, b. Mather. 5 W. Guilfoyle (captain), c. Young, b. Mather. 3 T. Blunt, c, Moony, b. Bromhead . 19 R. T. Smith, c Moody, b. Harpur. 0 P. Foley, b. Harpur. 2 J.Turner,not out. 9 F. Budden, c. Fianaghan, b. Bromhead . 0 D. Robertson, c, Niddrie, b. Welch. 21 Sundries.28 Total. 97 The local team winning in one innings and twenty four runs. Muswellbrook, April 7,1882. MERRIWA. A light rain fell to-day (Wednesday), just enough to start the plough witb. A little more herbage and gross may be induced to grow, A most melancholy accident happened at Kelloc, Merriwa district, which has plunged two respectable families into inconsolable sorrow. It is a case which is an illustration of the danger of using deadly weapons without having due caution and knowledge of what they are about to do. On the other hand it is a 'most forcible and sorrowful argument against practical jokes". The salient facts of the case are these : two young men named Deeks went to Mr. W. Egan's place on the night of 28th ultimo. One ot them, Thos. Deeks, aged l8, made a noise in a bush some 75 yards from Egan's, imitating an opossum. Thos Egan, aged seventeen, in company with others, said he would get a shooting stick and shift it. On approaching the bush the noise was repeated. Young Egan then fired into the bush, shooting his dear young friend in the head, face, eyes, forearm, chest, and abdomen. The deceased was sensible for a few minutes, then cried "0 Ghost," became immediately insensible, and remained so till he died about an hour afterwards. Through the courtesy of W. F. Parker, Esq, P M., coroner, I am enabled to send you the evidence taken at the inquest, which will be forwarded next mail, and must thank that gentleman on behalf of the Press for them. Our respected old host of Bow Hotel, Boggabri, is in for improvements to come up to the required standard of the new Licensing Act. May he live long to reap the fruits thereof. Illness crops out continually here and there throughout the district. Our medico, Sr. Wilson, says it is mainly attributable to bad water,which has become miserably low and stagnant, consequently highly impregnated with dangerous organic matter, En passant, as I have mentioned Dr, Wilson's name, I may say that that gentleman has re'urned to prac- tice here, where he continues to enjoy the entire confidence of the public, or at least the major portion here and surrounding district, who alsohave expressed their sympathy toward him in his difficulties, which of itself speaks volumes ; and I trust he may con- tinue to enjoy it while he deserves it. A daring piece of villainy, or rather a series of villainies, almost unparalleled have been perpe- trated at Collaroy, by one of a most notorious gang of debauched ruffians, in which a highly respectable female with her little family has boen almost frightened to death. It has come to some- thing when such continual outrages can be per- petrated with impunity within two miles of the residence of a Justice of the Peace. Tho police have for a long time attempted to disband these ruffians (who ore composed of both sexeB) ; all their efforts have up to date been unavailing. Who then is to blame morally for these outrages which pole the exploits of Ned Kelly for their atrocity ? If you ask the mountains who? they hang their.crested heads. If you ask the winds they answer only with sighs and moons. If j ou ask Echo, he tells you to beware of a second edition of Clontarf, and think where Hoynes and Archibald ore now domiciled for being public benefactors. Oh 1 my country. April 5. CASSILIS. The lovers of cricket at the Ironbarks celebrated the opening of their club by playing a cricket match on Saturday, 18th of March, between the Ironbark Creek Club and an eleven to represent the Curr ijuug but some of tha Creek players had to be included to make up the number. The match was played at Inglewood (the property of Mrs. Macdonald), and resulted in a wiu tor the Currajong, I was unable to get the scores in full, but cannot let it pass over without saying a word in praise of a few of the players, some of which are quite new beginners, The Ironbarkers were captained by Mr. W. Lumley, and theCurrajongerab/ Mr. J, Hopkins. The Cur rajongers went first to the wickets, and were all dis- posed of for 60, of which Messrs. Hopkins and Chi- cen made the best scores. The Iipnbarkere thon went in and scored 72, of which Lumley scored 52 not out, currying his bat through the innings. Tim Currajong going iu again, scored 90, of which there were 30 byes. This innings Messrs. Tuckerand Bailey scored 22 and 20. The Creek play ors then bad 68 to get to win, but failed, they all being disposed for 30. The bowling of Lumley and Macdonald tor the Iron- barks was very good; the former in the second inLings obtained eight wickets. Tho-latter, who is a very promising young bowler, got most of the wickets in the Ant innings. For the Currajong Messrs. Ciasen, Braggett, Bailey, and Tuckey bowled very well, especially Braggett, who was dead on. The match was concluded about sundown, when all hands made tracks for Mr. Dunne's (Woodlands), where a really first-class table was laid out for them by Mrs Dunne aud Mrs. J. Cundy, After the inner man had been satisfied, and a little ¿pouting, three cheers were given, for the above-named ladies. The dompany adjourned to Mr. Dunne's large wool shed, where dancing was kept up till the small boura of Sunday morning. Cassilis, March 20,1882, TAMWORTH. (lamworlh Observer, April 8.) At Host King's Commercial Hotel, last Tuesday evening about forty gentlemen sat down to a dinner given in honor of James Garland, Esq., and to cele- brate the occasion of his retirement from the Police F .ree. Mr. Garland has been a Superintendent o* Poiice for some twenty years. D. W. Irving, E«q, Police Magistrate occupied tbe chair ; having on his right the guest of the evening, and on bia left the Mayor of Tamworth (N. Cohen, Esq., J.P.) The Vice-chair was taken by the Hon. P. G, King, M.L.C. Amongst the company, were all the leading profes- sional and business people of the town, and represen- tatives of the three papers. Hubert Manning, Esq., Judge's Associate, was also present, and a letter was received from Sir William Manning, apologisin-; for his absence on the ground that it was contrary to his rule to attend festivities on the eve of the trial of capital chrirges. All the toasts peculiar to such oc- casions were enthusiastically honored in Krug, &c;, and the very pleasant party did not break up till after 11 p.m. After the health of the guest of the evening had been becomingly disposed of, the Chair m in, on behalf of the members of the Police Force of the North Western district, presented to Mr. Gitrliiui a massive tilver service, and an address. The ¡alter was illuminated, and beautifully bound in purple velvet finished with colonial gold, and bearing in the centre in missive gold, Mr. Garland's monogram. 