r~' i"`" "POLICE -STORIEs. slt rWOMA'S PERSEVERANCE. t,. If there, is one habit more detrimental to s;:tbo ignity (If I may use the word in connec. ,tfi?. 0pth such an humble member of society) ,.f a ,polieman .it is that of gossipping with the members of families on his beat, esped. ally,with the female members; and if I hai .Personally any authority in the force, I .,ahould put a stop to it in tote. Still there iare cases in which a constable may harmlessly Sindulge himself in a few minutes' relaxation in. this way, as I used myself to do without any hesitation in Newry street, when the following odd circumstances occurred. About half-way down this bye-street were two small cottages under one roof, and pre . senting together, save for the low railing that ,!divided the front garden plot, the appearance ..of only ono house. One verandah ran along rfthe front of the little building from end to end, and, contrary to the usual style in such Sottages, the two windows were in the centre i. and the deers at either end. With one of the occupants of these humble . little tenements I got pretty intimate when .on night duty. He was a middleaged, single mal, of quiet hahits, and was scnarnLfini.ni d reddi t mat, wliose name was Neidpath, lived entirely alone, and as his work was night work, he seldom went out save for necessary S:purehases during the day. Nevertheless, Neidpath amused himself in the way most pleasing to himself, and also the most profitable. He practised on his in strument almost every hour that was not de ioted to rest, save only on Sunday, for he oi was a regular and steadychurch-goer, and an 2I observer of the one in seven days' rest from ' all amusemnent as well:as labor.. Many' a S-ause I -was wont to 'make near Neidpath's l,::e.nce-when I was on duty, for be was an ex wreeptionally good violinist, and rendered his I pieceas with an exprension and feeling that -: his s own experience of their several beauties. " Tod let" had been for some time exhibited u: 'o, the premises attaehed to Neidpath's-that \-- is to say, the other end of the tenement was ir. empty; but one evening, when I walked sipasst, I.. observed that it-:was,,once more \- . tenanted, and, asit: would appear, by a single SoOnly that itis impossibl to fancy a hop. S.;;o'-my-thamb bird with a wrinkled faceand a , uhalf-deaen of tittle false curls swaying over o-dite peeping eyes. X should say that the new a ,tenantreminded meeof a twittering sparrow s?Kthat could not rest upon one leg for. two T:'mihutes together. : Her affected juvesilityof nr detr. her, flttering ribbons, and her screwtl oi.imw ist, noot to speak of,the flat chest'afd prominent bones, must have formed the most ,--na4mirable of ,objects in the maids dwn Cesti \- -mation, for every movementr wa?ay way'of . displaying them. and ber .extreme agility. -r-Fom leaf to leaf she skipped liken btteiqy, ,:and made sudden little pirouettes'on her high ,r heelstand turned herdyed andringleted bead -; from side -to side in such a double-jointed Smanner thatit was quite impossible to weight a her with the fifty years her old phis declared her to be. But this especial activity in move , ;ment I have obserred to be an invariable accomplishment of ladies anxious to create an impression of youth in the minds of credulous : beholders. G,:s. ',Good evening, constable," this fair lady .'f aid to me as I was passing, and she mid it . with a prim affectation, and such a scretrin of her withered lips that I felt like laughing ,inher old face. " He I see you don't know me. I onlymoval here to- day. I am Miss Hublartz. Pray what kind of neighborhdod Sis" this! .Is it dme.that islikely tobecon. , gcnialto--a singlelady ! He-he-he " c't er cngenia indeed, ma'm," I replied r.to this giggle, "especiallyso far as your scet :-door 0atghboris concerned. Mr. Neidpatli is a. ·ery nice gentlemasi indeed, and to my c,,, rtaii kiiowledge he is on the lookout foe a '51fr. Neidpath'llOp; I; hsave tepleasure ,. ,of-knowing him..He-e-e-be- He'ia mnseicin, .,, is'i t he :. Oh! Itis so plea snt thave soie \- one ?ou know i'tlie vicinity." . ".Y. .?e lnd edis yii'dbetieis , see and keep Mr. 'eidpathi"idyour vicinity always,'] obseryed:With da'littlei respect as Ifelt; yet I was 'ewial-rdBed: giggle and toss of the false little curls tihatought to hare bden It r ' hapn ed thatNeldpothlisd been out that cvening nm hias.ew neighbor's arrival, and I had the pleasure of communicating to ?him- the intereatingnewa that hehad got a ineighbor inthe dohble cotta t "'. "I congatlate'you," said. as I met him returninghome, "yousvegot a neighbor at last, .: and. a most-interesting one. ; But.Lam for getting, she told me she was acquainted with your . - "A neihborf "?he tqeatoned?: ".In the other end of the cottage, is it? Acquainted : with me? Good Lordl it's not Miss Hnb y hbartz.". "That is the name the lady gave me, cer ..: tainly," I replied, with a laugh at poor Neid. .tpath'a evident consternation. "But why do \-- yonu seem so horrifed f sE appeared de l. yoighted with her neighbor." a "Ay, that's just it," he returned, with a \- -groan, as he took his handkershief out of his hat, and wiped the,perspiration off his face \- with atrembing hand. "In the name of .:.heaven;what amItodo, B- t Thatdes -perate woman has already driven me out of ..- a sang house three times. Am I to be sent from this to a lunaticasylum I' '-: -Isitsobadi Whatdoesshedol" \- ' Do She's determined to marry me, that's all I Never was na unfortunate man :hunted down asrl have been. She's a devil, ; that's ,what she is, the wretch I . She knows that I am a naturally quiet man, and willing .to put :up with- as good deal for peace sake, but.'mnot going to be poisoned by MissHub Sbartz, or married either." "Poisoned I" : !? :Yes, I:have been nearly at my wit's end o itoeacape what she calls her little offerings; s. sometimes it's a little cake and sometimes a ?- ,little pie. ;Sometimes she has a Welsh rare r ; bit ready for me when I come home in the : ·. middle of the night and she'll stand and call oi out in load whispers, ' Meester Needpath ! .Meester Needprth !' until every head in the ;.r:neighborhood is over the fences to see our a- meeting. She makes perfume sachets for me, and t-ies to put flowers in my button hole \- :.when I'm going out. So I'll have to leave at Sonce and live under a railway-bridge I" It wans impossible to help laughing at the poor man's woeful appearance as he gave this list of his grievances at the amatory old maid's hand, yet his distress was aso evidently genuine that I pitied him. "Bah I" I said; "that fair dame's rule may be made to work both ways. Make her clear out." S"It isn'tin the power of living man i " he cried; "that woman will stick to me like a ;hner o log as my being single gives her the ghost of a chance." ; '"Remain single no longer then," I advised. "Get married with as little delay as ever you can." ",, "Never I The woman I would sacrifice my peace and comfort to will never be born ! No, I must go and look out for arailway-bridge." At that instant a funny idea suggested itself to me, and I lost no time in makingit linowntoNe'idpath, Hewusa verycaqtios ss, and alithough: be smiled at the idea auds Ssaid his young brotherwas the very chap to carry it out and enjoy it, he decledlle'' must consider over it; but if he had not con" sidered favorably of it, this story weald never have been told. I " I leave it all to you I".he cried dsp] ately the next time I saw him. "That hor. rid woman has been handing me cakes and pies over the fence all day, and grinning it me in a way that made my blood run cold ! I'll tell her to-day, and we'll arrange all about it." t And we arranged all about it-so effectually that it was with a sensation of delight at nmy part in the plot. I saw Miss Hubbartz skip. ping uip and down her garden, and popping to and fro on the verandah a I went on duty that same evening. As I neared the cottage she hung over the fence and affected the greatest anxiety to watch up the street in the direction in which Neidpath generally ap peared. "I wish I was the happy man you were waiting for," I lied as I paused opposite the flattered old maid. " He-he-he I I'm only on the look-out for Mr. Neidpath; he's such an old friend, you know; and I confess, he-he-he, that I feel anxious about him; he's not been at home know; has he really loft you, of all popin the world, in ignorance after all your kind. ness to him " and I affected the greatest astonishment. ( "- In ignorance of what- whatever are you alluding to, Constable B-I" "Why, that Neidpath was to be married to-day I Indeed, he asked me to the wedding, but duty prevented my going." To see that poor old withered, yet would-be young face, with all its barefaced attempts at vivacious youth, dropping out of sightat once; to watch the perked up chin fall, and the stiffened back bend into the stoop natural to the age which had never been owned ; to see the flaccid cheeks grow yellow and the very false ringlets lose their artificial curl, was something to be remembered, until you moot with something better to be recorded. "Oh, you must be mistaken I" she gasped as soon as the shock permitted her. "Notatall, Miss Hubbarta; Isaw themgo to the church this morning." ".This morning Oh, the vile false de ceiver! This very morning I presented him with a lovely button hole- a rose- bud and two violets." "Yes, I saw it; he wore:them going to church, and charmingly. appropriate they looked, and so like a lady's taste, Miss Hnbbartz." " l he wretch l" and the poor woman ap plied the corner of her apron to her eyes. " W ?ho," she asked, as soon as one eye was clear, "who has the villain married!" i!A fine strapping girl, nearly six feet high, but a tartar, Miss Hubbertz; and I wouldn't advise you to let her hear you call Neidpth either a villain ora wretch, for she'd think no more of tearing all your beautiful curls off than she would of eating her dinner." "I hope she'll tear every hair out of his head," she cried viciously, "and it will serve him right." "Oh. not she; she's quite wrapped up in Neidpath, and woe be it to the woman that looks at him now he's her property. Indeed, Miss Hubbartz, I think the wisest thing you can do will be to more at once, for it would be very unpleasant for you if Mrs. Neidpath took it into her head that there had been anything between you and him previous to the marriage." "I'm a lone, persecuted woman I" sobbed the old lady, and as flesh and blood could endure the ridiculous no longer without laughter, I turned away, promising myself a rare treat on the morrow. And the morrow came. Fortunately for my enjoyment of the fun it so happened that on that day I changed day for night duty, and took care to be in Newry street when Neidpath and his bride arrived in a cab. He, as the principal actor, looked excessively fool ish, a not unusual thing in connection with aman in his position ; but the hardihood of the lady be handed out made up, in extenso, for Neidpath's own bashfulness. I had not cxýgcerated the bride's unusual height-she might have been a grenadier; and the hand with which she gripped a blue silk parasol would have done no injustice to the hilt of a sword. So far from hastening out of sight the self-possessed lady waved the parasol towards Miss Hubbartz's dwelling, and spoke loud enough for all the onlookers to hear her. "That's where she hangs out, is it, Neid path Oh, well, you may leave her to me; Ill take care she doesn't throw herself at your head any more." Now, poor Miss Hubbartz had been unable to resist her curiosity, and indeed may have detected the difficulty I had in refraining from laughter when I gave her the unwelcome tidings and she disbelieved them. At all events she had planted herself behind her cnrtain and left the window open, so that she heard every word uttered by her rival. I was on the watch too, and saw her old weasened face distinctly, and how it was drawn back in shame when the words were uttered. Knowing there was another scene to be en acted, I hung at the fence until the cab had driven away and the onlookers had dispersed, when the old maid appeared at her cautiously opened door, and beckoned to me. I joined her at once when, with clasped hands and trembling lips, she appealed to me. " For the love of mercy get me a cab Con. stable B-, until I get away from that hor rible woman." " Oh, don't go in such hurry, Miss Hub. bartz; get a van and take your things pro perly." ot interfere, indeed I As poor Miss Hub. ?artz, inspired with confidence by my vici nity ventured to step out on the verandah something that looked like a bit of light colored leather, but was in reality a small dried-up pancake, flew so close to the top of her head that it struck the mass of little dancing curls, broke the elastic that secured them in place, and dashed the old maid's wig to the ground. Nor had she time to stoop for it and fly ere a cold custard was dashed against her window, and an apple pie made squash of against a poet of the verandah. Scent sachets, ornamented with mottoes in beads, Welsh rarebits, and faded button-hole bouquets rained on the disap pointed lady's premises; while with them showered unoomplimentary words in the sweet tones of the bride of h'eidpath. She stood in the attitude of an Amazon-and to tell the truth there was more than a suspicion of a moustache on her upper lip-and abused the unhappy old maid with a spite and per. severance worthy of her sex. " Talk of courting indeed f 'was the woman that courted in your young days, ma'am, and the old woman at that ! How hard np you are for a husband, old lady i There's a bouquet for you. Fasgh, It smells of old bones! And look at your pies; do you think any man would eat the like of that? Shoo I no wonder you run; but just let me get my claws on you and yon'llrun faster I" In the dead of that night Miss Hnbbartz and her household gods disappeared from Newry street. And now I suppose you think my story isfinished, but it as not quite. There isa prologue, or an epilogue, or whatever you call it, and here it is, in aparagraph b3 Onb day, barelya sfortnight' after Da .Hnbbartz's discomfiture ; I met Neid1ir striding past. Jolimont with Ihis violin under his arm, and his hat pulled down o hie eyes, ina style very unusdal to hin: m. face was pale and stern, his vest unbutto4 and his coat torn at the sleeve, as thoug had been dragged on:in i violent hurl. Although I knew him to be an exceptions) _ober man I conoalded on this occasion tit he most have been drinking and stoppe him. P " Whatever's up with yo, Neld Where are you going 'in'that disore state" o . "What's up with me"? That awful man's up with me. She's found out that wife was Joe, and she's back again." " What I Miss Hubbartz ?" " Yes, she's shifted into the cottage again, bag and bagage.Ohis morning." "et where ares you going? Look at your clothes, man.". "My clothes are good enough for a ral wsY brdge, and I'm going to look for onre" he replied doggedly, as he hitched his violin case higher under his arm, and tramped awAy in the directipn of the Yarr,. .h ......-- 