OPENING OF ST. MARYS CATHEDRAL. FIRST DAY. .Yesterday the most important event in the history of Catholicism in this colony was celebrated in tho solomn opening ot St. Mary's Cathedral. It ia an event which tho members of the Roman Catholic Church havo anxiously looked forward to for many years, hoping to seo the con- summation of tho great movement set on foot 17 years ago by the premier prelate of Australia, yet fearing that tho task which had been undertaken in tho erection of this great temple was one which could hardly be accomplished in a lifetime. It is an event which commands \- tho dcop attention of tho Roman Catholics, not only in this archdioces, but in tho whole of the diocoscs in Australia, because in this city was raised the nucleus of tho colonial Catholic Church, which half a century ago was cribbed and fcoblo, but now number» nearly a million adherents-bo -causo it wa« in this city that this faith had to oppose and overcome official intolerance-because in this city was won that freedom for Roman Catholicism which ia now enjoyed throughout tho length and breadth of these southern lands. , Rather moro than seventeen year» ago tho building which is now usually roferred to as old St. Mary's, and which for A long timo was tho chief templo of tho Roman Catholic* 'denomination in Australia, was destroyed by fire. Within \n few weeks after that disaster a movement was started by "the late Archbishop Polding for the erection of a now cathe- dral, and the stately edifice which was consecrated to divino worship yesterday is the partial accomplishcnt of the work Which was then undertaken. Half a million sterling would bo 'required to completo tho building according to the full de- sign, and up to date rather loss than £100,000 has been obtained and expended; but even as it is, a great work has been achiovod, considering tho limited population depended j .upon for assistance, and the inovitablv numerous calls in a ! Îoung country for tho erection of places of worship. During 5 years tho total contributions obtained amounted to about -..70,000, not sufficient ip ronder the building availablo ïfor services. At this stage Archbishop Vaughan threw himself heart and soul into tho work of having tho build- ing sufficiently advanced to bo utilised for cathedral pur- poses. Within two year», and mainly by his instrumen- tality, moro than £'25,000 has boen added to tho amount j formerly obtained, and tho opening service which took placo yesterday marked the achievement of the task which the , Archbishop had set himself to accomplish, with tho I nid of his flock and a liberal public. " Next year l)r. ' Vaughan, who will then havo completed his first : term of ten years as Archbishop of Sydney, will pay a visit , to Rome to give tho Papal authorities an account of his 'stewardship in this diocese, and bo will havo the gratifica- ] lion of reporting tho successful opening of tho main portion i of tho grandest Roman Catholic cathedral in this part of j the world. .Yesterday's ceremony was grand and solemn, and was ! "Witnessed by a gathering larger than any which has ever ] assembled in this city on the occasion of " nny ccclesiiistic.il service. Tho o.perieuccs of those who had tho gratification of being present at the morning service will bo among their j .pleasantcst memories. Tho spectacle of the great concourso . «of people gathered under tho massive arches of the vast jliuilding ; tho imprcEsivcness of a musical service rendered from tho works of aotno of the master com posers of tho world, whoso best efforts have been expended in contributing to the "»ervices of the Church : the rarity und richness of the vest- ments of the Archbishop und the Bishops, whoso attendance marked the importance of tho occasion ; tho grouping of the ; throng of ecclesiastical dignitaries and priests and monks ? on the floor and beforo tho stops of tho sanctuary, with the ! beautiful white High Altar as a background, and the whole ! lighted up with a flood of golden light from tho great ] northern window, formed a set-no, and marked an ovent, I the beaury and grandeur and solemnity ot which will long ; linger as a sweet memory in tho "minds of those who Attended the ceremony. I .At 9 o'clock yesterday morning tho Cathedral was blessed ' "und consecrate, by tho Von. Archpriest Sheehy. The i opening ceremony did not commence until 11 o'clock, but i long before that hour there were gathered outside the enclo- i 6ure groups of peoplo awaiting admission. At IO o'clock M steady tide ot visitors begun to flow iuto tho ' building. The entrance for tho gencr.d public to | the . enclosure was at the corner of Collego-street ¡ and St. Mary's - road. The number of oouutry j peoplo present was noticeable, tho special arrangements | made for their convenience with the Railway Department ' no doubt accounting in part for tho fact. In Hyde Park ,were gathered several hundred people, many of whom I -remained patiently throughout the proceedings, watching I 'the people pouring' into the cathedral, catchine* a glimpse of tho procession as it passed through the entrance, hearing an occasional burst of choral music, and only departing when tho last worshipper had passed ; .ont and the doors were closed. At about half-past ! (10 o'clock tho cathedral bells rang out for tho first time , since they havo been placed in the tower. They I «re a present from Archbishop Vaughan, were cast « ?n the celebrated bell foundry of Messrs. Mears ' ¡and Stambank, London, and number a full peal , of eight. In souud they are full toned and sweet. ¡ "The ringers, under their captain, Mr. II. Lawn, rang-a round with " Queen's change and fire," in good timo ; and .when it is remembered that the bells wore handed over to !them but a fortnight ago, and that since then they havo 'only had "mufHed" practices, they deservo to bo compli- mented on their successful ringing. About the entrance to the enclosure, good order was kept among: the sightseers. 'A number of police wero on duty, but their services were «Tt onlind "nfn raniiiaitinn. not canea mío requisition. I ¿The admission to the building was by ticket onlv, the I -receipts from that source being devoted to the cathedral building fund. Every part of the cathedral was occupied, And the attendance was estimated at between 3000"aud 4000. ! High mass was celebrated by the Right Rev. Dr. Quinn, Bishop of Bathurst, assisted by tbo Rev. J. Fitz- patrick (deacon). Rev. Father Ginisty (sub- deacon), and the Venerable Arch-priest Sheehy (assistant priost). Archbishop Vaughan occupied the Archbishop's throne, and the Bishops present were :-'\ he Right Revs. Dr. Dunn (Brisbane), Dr. Murray (Maitland), Dr. Lanigan (Goul- burn'), Dr. Torreggiani (Armidale), Dr. Cani (Rock- hampton), and Dr. Redwood (Wellington, New Zea- land). Among tho clerical visitors from the neighbouring I colonies wore the Vory Do v. Dr. Reville, O.S. A., V.G., Sand- hurst, Victoria ; Rev. T. Cahill, S.J., Victoria ; Father Vigonroux, S.M., New Caledonia ; Rev. Futher O'connell, Vory Rev. Prior Butler, Victoria; Kev. A. M. Sullivan, Now Zealand ; Rev. J. Sheehy, Tasmania ; Rev. W. Dunno, Tasmania ; and the Rev" Father Carroll, Victoria. Among the lay visitors were Sir Patrick Jennings, Sir John Robertson, Sir Edward Strickland, Mr. Justice Faucett, and íéveral members of the Legislature. . The arrangements wero under the direction of the Vicar General, Dean Sheridan, aud the Rev. P. J. Mahony, assisted by the following committee : Father Garvoy, Mr. Justice Faucett, and Sir P. A. Jennings; Father Sfattery, Dr. Donovan, and Mr. II. Austiu ; Dr. Coletti, Dr. M'Don agh, and Mr. L. Heydon, M.L.A. ; Father Cassidy, Messrs. John Hughes and Blanchard; Dean O'Brien, Messrs. Oliffe and Lalor; Rev. J. J. Carroll, Messrs. William Hughes and J. T. Toohey ; Father Heuzé, Mensrs. P. Monahan and P. T. Riley ; Father Barry, Messrs. Wil- liamson and Garvan, M.L.A ; Futher Reardon, Messrs, Flanagan and Sprusou ; Father Holohun, Messrs. Hourigan and Slattery, M.L.A. ; Father Petre, Messrs. Dalton and Shalvey; Father O'Donohoe, Messrs. J. J. Curran and Fleming ; Dean Leonard, Messrs. Horan and F. J. M'Carthy ; Father Hayes, Messrs. Cronin and M'Dermott ; Father Dunn, Messrs. Loughnan, M.L.A., and Coghlan; Dean Flanagan, Messrs. Farrell and Herlihy ; Futher [ Keating, Messrs. Hollingdale and Hogan ; Futher James j Mahony, Messrs. Larkin and T. J. Ryau. The masters of ceremonies were the Very Rev. Dean and Rev. J. ! ¿""leming. Shortly after li o'clock the great procession entered the ' church, and passed up the central aisle. First caine about ] 40 acolytes-boys in scarlet cassocks, white surplices, and blue Bashes, some carrying banners of different religious , orders, and two bearing massive silver gilt crosses ; then I about 100 deacons and priests in black soutanes and white I Burplices ; then the deans and other dignitaries, j some of them robed in purple ; next tho seven bishops, each one wearing his mitre end sump- tuous vestments, enriched with the most delicately beautiful embroidery in gold and silken thread, and, last of all, come the stately figure of the Archbishop, gorgeous in eli the insignia of his exalted rank-his train held by two acolytes. As the pageant swept on, the members of the con- gregation, almost without exception, knelt to receive the .archiépiscopal benediction. On reaching the sanctuary the Archbishop was conducted to his throne, which was \- draped iwith hangings of maroon colour, and boro his coat ox arms, quartered with that of the archiepisco .pate. The throne stands on the left of tho high altar, while on the right the bishops took thoir places, a prie-dieu having been provided for each of them. A number of the clergy also bad chairs on »he floor of the ennotuary, and the little acolytes clustered on the higher steps leading to it. Never in the history of anv church in Australia has a moie impressive ceremony _ been performed than tho mass celebrated at St. Clary's Cathedral yesterday morning. The very scene reminded those present who have travelled through the old world, of great Roman Catholic festivals in European capitals. The expanse of the five aisles with their dividing . arches, the crowd which hid the floor sDaco, and the «oft mellow light which poured in through the side window» . afforded a striking picture, but the sanctuary was a sight to be remembered. Ihe tupers on the high altar did not excel in the purity of their whiteness the half finished reredos of Oamaru stone behind them, and their flame -was faint and indistinct in the flood of golden rays front the «eat window ut the end of the transept. The altar was covered with costlv laco and furnished with lovely flowers, and with fittings and vessels of gold, or of polished brass. Hero and there the lines of colour formed by richly-robed dories waa broken by the brown habit of a Frauciscan Friar, and as tho eye took in the splendid spectacle and other sense» .wera îasailed by the fragrance of int-ence clouds »ossca aloft fey »ho censer-bearer», and by the swelling and sinking «f a»aa* harmonie« upon which somo of earth's greatest ww;ci»ne bave lavished their best efforts, ritualism attained £ta hijrneqt effect. As the procession entered the cnurcta, tile organist, Mr. T. Banks-who by the way waa the last to play in tho old cathedral-performed Jb« "JVA^^ March, composed expressly for this occasion bj tho conductor and 'choir- master, Mr J A Delanev It ia a dignitlod and masterly work, worth*« the »tibieot of ita inspiration, and will undoubtrdU bo often performed as a voluntan in other than Roman Catholic churches A technical description may bo gtvon as follows -A bri« f and Mgoroii» introduction commences tho march After a bar of completo silence, tho clarionets and b «sinon*, m unison, and without nnv accompaniment, whatover, givo the principal themo ji>irmi"imo When thc\ havo finished Ino violins give out a second themo ¡t'lfjitii with soft sustained chords from tho horns and a pKzieato b.hs accompaniment lhen two cormts pla) a third themo with all the violins ;>i trufo, and a cusp flute iiirt foran accampamnicnt After that there are two or foran modulations lciding to tho dominant A, on which they dwell for eight bars with a constant titiecmio, loading in a ptand burst, m which tho two first themes are I heard together at the santo Mine, harmonized fhon I follows a trio, all tho stringed instrument« plajing in unison a ver j noble molodv, after which the original subject I is revorted to, and the man-h finishes brtllianth y he forocs under Mr Delany's control were large, and r« - ninrkabh effective 1 ho soloists m tho morning ware Miss Moon, Mr» Ktloj, Mrs Hunt, and Messrs F Brewer, Flinn, I J Hallewell, and W O'Sullivan, and the chorus which numbered 280 included picked voices from the Roman Catholic choirs in the city and suburbs, and some from tho vocalists belonging to other denominations Tho orchestra was composed as follow« -seven first violins, eight second violins, three violas, four violincellos, four basses, two flutes, two clarionets, one bassoon, one saxaphone, two cornets, two horns, and three trombones, and three drums The organ, which is situated in the farthest aisle to the right of the sanctuary, is the one which has been used in the Pro-Cathedral It was built in 1874 by. C J Jackson, of Newtown It contains 32 stops, of which onlv a portion arc used , but it i« now understood that the instrument will bo complutcd, and then it will bo one of tho finest organs m tho citj, ïud ono ot the most powerful At present thero i« no caso to it 1 he «tops in u*o aro ,-In great organ Hawdon, open diapason, dulcinnn, stopped diaputmi, principal, wa'd flute, twelfth, fifteenth, mixturo 3 ranks In swell organ Bourdon, open diapason, stopped diapason and clarebello, and horn lhere uro two stops ou the pedals- open 16-fcot and bourdon 16 feet tone four couplers-great to pódala, swell to pedal», swell to gre it, and swell to great sub octave. When finished, the instru- ment will havo moro than double the power it has al prtscnt 1 he Mass sung waa Ila} dn'e No 3, known as tho " Im- perial" Mass. The solo music of tho "K\ne" was en- trusted to Miss Moon, who sang it brilliantly, tho final cadence being cxquisitrh given In the "GKinii" Mr i 1 rank Brewer tain«*; the tenor solo with great puntv of intonation, and Mr F J Hallowell gavo the magnificent "Qui toll is" worth)]., hi» voice quilo I filling thd cathedral. Tho chorus singing was 1 »upenor to an. thing achieved here for vears, for Mr Dclauy had drilled tho singers so admirably that . while m /( i te passages a splendid volunio of sound wa« pro- duced, he y et commanded them »o well that at other tunes I the solo vol«s were not overpowered, but had full oppor- tunity for display And though his forces wem siattcred, , ho managed them nil so well that it was onlv, perhaps, m tho "Agnus Dei" that the time was broken Mr. ' Bank* too, pla»ed in bia fliest »tyla, mid well seconded , Mr Delaney'» efforts Mr M J Fit/.mtrick, tho hon secretan, worked verj hard in securing singer», ar ' ranging- rehersul«, Ac, aud to his efforts much of the j success of the celebration is due The " Graiual" was a chortle, ' O Sacrum Convmuiu'' (Tarrant), and aftoi u I had been «ung 1 he Altcmiis'tOP carno forward to tho sanctuary 6teps, and said Some two months ago I made tho lloh 1 «Our, Leo \Ill , acquainted with the fact that we were about to open ihm great cathedral upon the Stn ¡september 1 hive nist received from the Pope a tolcgram convcvinir to tho bishops, and priest», and 1 «ty, and the generous donors of subscriptions towards this great fane, his special apostolic benediction The Right Rev Dr RETJAA oon, Bishop of Wellington ] (N ), then advanced to the steps of the sanctuary and duli I A «red a discourse based on the words of tho Apostles* Creed, " I behove in Jeun» Christ, thoonl) son of God" | Herald - All »heceremonitsof tho Catholic Church ire I admirable for (heir deep signi-canco A\o uro assembled i hero tv-dsA for the solemn opening and del» alton ot lins coblo edihre, this splendid ptli, the pride and ornament of tins beautiful city and of all Au»tr.lit But whit is it > | Wh*t is its meaning v What great idia does it enshnno ' It is a substuntnl act of faith m the cliunit) ot JCMIS I Christ. It is tho temple of Christ-imma-isuribl} moio noble than tho temólo of Solomon-tho temple where 1 Christ will renew dmh, b\ the ministrt of Ills pne-ts, i the great sacrifice ot Coll uri uhero ho will du «II ' «prisoner of love m our tabernacles, «hero ho will bo i adored as God by this, and, I hope, couutle»s other genera . »ions of faithful and devoted Catholics ¡Mich is the niean I ing of this rongmhrent structure It is, indeed, called " M j Ma'>'s" , it bears the name and recalls tho imeot memory ot the Immaculate A irgin mother of God, but it is primarily and pre eminently the temple of Christ, and to Hun alone it is dedicated , for, when tho preluto laid its foundation stone, he solemnly declared it to be» " a place 1 destined to the invocation and pruso of Our Lord 'Jesus Christ" Iho great idea, then, which underlies I nil the impressive ceremonies and suicmn pageant of this day is the belief in tbo du nut! of Jesus Curist 1 hat bo- in f is the central point of Christian doctune the axis round 1 Aibich the other dogmas rev oho, the fouudation stone on which thov stand-we might rather MI) , the keystone of the whole Christian arch lo profess it is to profess implicitly th6 whole of Chribttaniti, even it« extreme consequences, speculative and practical, since, if Christ is God, His doc- trine and his lan are so imposed upon us that it were sac- rilego cither to diminish or adulterate them 1 purpose in this discourse to show some of the grounds ou which this cardaal dogma rests-samo portton of the adamantiut rock ou ti btch it stands. Oh' Durne M-istct, dear friend of m> s ml, speak now to my heart, still more to m\ mind, that mi words niav not bo too umvorthv of so high a thorne, and that my hearers may reap lastmg fruits from my feeble endeavours. 'Iho divinity of Chi ist is usually proved bv a Aast array of arguments don ved from piophi cíes, miracle», and testimonies But, «hilo leaving those deiuon»tralions mall their force, I shall not resort to so extensile a method I shall appeal to two main lines of arguneiit equally mmplo, popular, «nd conclusivo, vi/ , the cxmreiico of the Christian world, and tho affirmation of that Christum world. 'Iho existence of the Christ.an wot Id \s a fact of unparal- leled magnitude which ann munt be blind not to bee, U equals the immensity of tho uouerte, it is oven where Liko those marvellous nebulai whoso (.igantic radiations have peopled space, it has dilated itself, and from the t plains of Judea has successively filled the eaith with one Aast society knit together by one and the s une dootrino, one and »he sanio Airtue \ou are part of it, and it is v uur l_ rea test honour Cross the mountains and waters bet wet u the great continents, visit the reinotost islands of the ore^n, everywhere you will find the Cross, and lound it either multitudes or groups, sajing in couceit. " We behove in Jesus Christ our God, we are Christians ' And tho mag- nitude of this Christian world is equalled only by its bannon A All peoples at« wiled, all peoples como into its bosom, civihicd, barbarian, savago-a prodigious variety of minds, hearts, passions, tempers, education, ctvtl and political lues And in this varietj what a wonderful uniti ' One creed for every mind and every mouth , one legislation for all wills, and "tending to one object-Christ, one con- stitution, with the same power oven whore On tho«e banks from which the proud Roman of old sent forth his pro-consuls to mako laws for the world an aged man sits enthroned. Be he quiet or per- secuted, in honour or disgrace, matters not , his august will is acknowledged by the true Christian world He is a father, and none can hinder his children in remotest shores from sending him the testimony of their affection. He is a king, sacrilegious hands have profaned his sceptre and his crown, yet none have been able to destroy or weaken his sovereign authority in spiritual matters He is a high priest, and despite the efforts of men, the highest pastors are lovingly subordinate to his government Ihe is an immortal, so to speak, who passes through successive genera tions But yesterday we went for Pius the Great lion». OUI, JW.l_T.a_»' »«rsl wu|»e *e»i x tuo .uv vi..».. and the Good ; to-day we hail Leo the Magnanimous and the Strong-, But always the same fatner, same king, same pontiff. Surely this immense and harmonious Christian world is one of the greatest phenomena man can behold. Its importance is shown by the efforts of our adversaries to lessen or suppress it. If certain unbelievers are to be credited, we Christians are a powerless sect, a prey to tho deadly disease of superstition, an uncompromising and closed sect, doomed shortly to disappear before tho onward march of liberal philosophy, which flings open its portals to all minds ; but, with glaring contradiction, they use might and policy to persecute and suppress our stubborn vitality, showing by their animus that we are not a sect fated to rapid extinction, but a world, a real world, of all worlds the best organized and tho fittest to live and endure. Now, this Christian world, this stupen- dous creation, is the work of Jesus Christ. To doubt it would be an act, not of reason, but of delirium. Yet men have been found, in our boastful age of enlighten- ment, reckless enough to abdicate common sense and declare that Christian faith is but a dream, Christian love a phantom of the imagination. Christian perfection the imitation of a chimera, Christian unity the result of obedience to nothing ; that Christ is only a myth, or that, at most, he has only a nucleus of historic reality--that he is but the elaborate production of the Christian mind through the course of several ages, by a long process of refinement and transformation, by grouping in one and the same individual the legends, ideas, and symbols of antiquity. Gratuitous assertions ! Absurd system, instantly exploded by the grand, worldwide historic fact ot Christianity. Why, we ascend by precise dates to the time when the Gospels were settled, and thus destroy at a blow that pre- tended chain of ages, in which, according to our sapient critics, the groupment of legends, ideas, and symbols was made. Again,, the attitude of the Christian mind in all ages protests against the possibility of refinement and transformation, since it is summed up in these maxims inimical to all novelties-" Bear witness to what was in the beginning, keep the deposit, avoid profane novelties of words, hold fast to the traditions." (I Tim, vi. 20. 1 'liles., ii. H.) Lastly, the Christian world is no fleeting; phenomenon, but a gigantic, living fact, ever exhibiting toe same movements, perfection, and harmony. ___, ^ specie, /»_ Christ no,*,v, ,so ii aooke of Him wrninftî.^ o«saints? *.he* $o_ppF«/of ,tlwTHe _" _,"__ PVrf^ount _pc\7e^iq¡ Äjj^,*.*f*^et''"?"_.l(" ages of barbet*an .Invasion, when the Catholic Church lamed .tee"Aeree warrior, and' modThimk founder nud crcitor in thoso lionnoiigia when faith and lo\o «fttered the Church with niiirtvr« bio id, winn tho wilderness blossomed with countliss Mints and when the grout controversies relativo to )nr RA were settled b\ a wonl from Pi II r's successor, representing the fallu i mil suprime toai her of Christi in socieli Hut i n iunh Mi ioiitlu»im is niidcnt Of all histout ii pbenonien i tim ClitMinn iioild is undonbtedli Ibu most ltmurkablo 1 ithcr it has no cause, a rank absurditi, ords Christ is its In nig pit omi, protiniatn, efllcietit, and total CUIM - in oilur words tho t lirtstian world is »ho work of Christ, and ot linn ulouc 1 ha\o non to show thatutsii.it tim vvoil. of min, but of God, and thi re fore that Christ is l,ol Iho Christi in world is not the work of a lunn, for no man mer did,or oxer will do, such a \i rk No creator of niiA school or religion has iver stamped his work with the superhuman character conspicuous in Christianity There have been (1) schools founded and taught In the elite of human minds The illustrious Pythagoras, the melodious Plato, the grave Aristotle, and others ancient or modern, whoso names illumine the pages of history, have spoken of God, nature, man, the laws of thought and life Their lessons, collected by reverent disciples, have grouped round their respective systems the mental forces of several genera- tions But these generations were confined to reserved and narrow precincts; school soon overthrew school, while tho din of their idle disputations passed over the heads of people sunk in ignorance and superstition, the master's genius failed to preserve his thoughts from the mutilations of pri vate judgment, tho admiration he inspired often challenged in his life time, and unmingled with love, died out on his exit from tho scene, his doctrine often sterile and unavail- ing, led to no moral perfection his life, usually opposed to his teaching, regulated the life of no one else, and his powerless will could hardly check tho germs of division which threatened his influence during life and inevitably conquered after death There have been, and there are (2) religions which prevailed over vast countries, and promised to teach millions of folio ins the truth in du mo conn ra« But some, Uko Hcathi mun, assumed mnuiiimtblo diflerent forms, and so fell to naught othtrs, like Orient ii mysti- cism, inhumanh partitioned doclrm.,reserving for the pn 1 vilegod castu ol prust mid sige loft) speeuliittois, refined conceit«, snd «ant nu stones, and flinging lo the vulgar crowd gross »)uibols to seduce their imagination mi 1 diet no their reason, other«, again, like lluddhtsm, remaiiied fastened to tho sal w beni o thoi sprang others, like Mahometanism, were identified with one race, and owed their spread to the might of the sword But none preserved their founders from oblivion, save bv insuring to them a veneration m which fear predominated over love, and a barren admiration devoid of the mutation of their virtues None exceeded vulgar morality or honesty without grandeur, oven »hen the) did not concial, undu supir»tniouR pruc tiies, and fanatical dom. nstriti m», thi i lit st pissions of the people None resisted tbo dt»hoh< nts ot iioltnoo mid con- tradiction, except In aid of hum m pou ir, which d.sign.d to urescrio in their bosom tho shaineliil uniti of igniii m o nnei corruption Nowhere, as m the Christian world, do wo lind that loving, world-» ide sesint), adapting itstif to i\cr\ elimito aud receiving all races into its bisom Nowhere that liberal truth for all, which diluti« tho grenti t guinisi s j nud ennoble» tho p pillar mind IA on hero that Mister so identified with His doctrine that He mils to His person o\eu j the movements of mtuds, and c innot bo put ii si,lo without a collapso of His doctrino .sow hore th it spiritual re_ene 1 ritor, «hose undving remembrance thrills eitry I heart and calls forth nt tho distance of twenti I cmturti«, an nrrn) of louder, trustful generous nnddiioted love which oven tho pnsenct of tho mo-t bel ned abject 1 would not «lu ni s obtain Ison bert, thoso tliiiated monis, I perfection ot life her ism of virtues, nil formed in the samo i type, »hose uuthorit) nour wuues Nowh. n, th it vivo reign will, who o powerful net um neiei changes in the evor*changing nistrutiiei t* uhtcli minifest it Nonhere, that compact unity, which tor 2000 A ears resists publie catastrophes, perottutions of fore., aud i intridntio is of on or and liassion Nonhere, that solid icssi mblii^i of niau) different elimout*, that bodA instinct with uno dotttiae, one law, ono virtui, whnh proudli rejiets uti) morbid limb, i and continue* to lue, while setts severed lrom its uniti wither aud die No.indecd.no, nothing tn the works of men like the work of Christinniti-contri»! so eiiilint tint even the fiercest foes of Christiumti aro compelled to -idimt that it is" the most powerful «| initial cn itu n tier sx»n the highest of all riligims '-(Mritiss) Whv this difference between tho work of min and the work of Christ t ¡siiupl) bixau»e iho Christian world . ann. t bt thu work of man Mm IH too limited in lu» inlluiiui, loi thnnrted bv his nituro, b\ time, hi (iiriuuslauie», 11 the failings nutt pissions t,t nu n toft.bt.vi th. .. iiqiic»l of Iho world l).x»,s lie pi-etend 11 subdue it (I) hi f» c Ho is ot one nation ouuricu mankind of mum (limit » rice« mel nationalities, heneo distrust au 1 ni .In mil itsisi Ins plans Nor Mill tho snord bre.k tins impimi us shields, and clune a pi»sigo to nun r il s« n It Ins mumal Iv been slniered in the h t ni nf tie most renou ned tonquen rs anting ut world w di doininun Doe« ho ptctend to »ub lue the world bv (2) ide i ' It n i\ be strange!- grinttd But, both m spci illation and pi - tice no idev can ann at iiniiiisil sn iv uiili»s it I to t.d in the vert nituro ut lum A sa-o iinv mdiel gun he inn and disciples fur und nidi bv reminding l ho neu Id >f iii >-o grand principle« of the intillecluiil utid moral oniir «Intli aro invunablv stamped o i our soul» hut tuen it is ii. t bo who teaches, but rather Godt tim suprime» nulli » of >u» e\ islenie) and tho bche of his mini bupp i i oti tim i 11 trirv, the caso of no ching iiltiiD.tiheroii-i ni mil p rsnul, a si stem of ideas without r. ot in our nu. nie lut insinue in the iiitellertuil orler, a Mt of niAsiiriCs ni the prt tu il ord.r.ii set of ob sen met» in ivhiih lAiuseiiiuo is silent ¡ then tho words oi the sage ure nil dill li ure It -J on limn in weakness and passion and pn lo and prtjulite Hi eui binlli puthlilisclfoiiftltv.il with all linn md lu li ki» 'authority to enforco his nHir n liions, di mt lum g um» science, cloque neo uiiinatcb.d, aflti all I e is but » ni m and men vohth his mfen >rs will set up as his iu gr» anil. r tics Humiliated reisou» will suiiiin m hnitoprjit the nu nn preüeusiblo, libi rlv in po s ssi n will si. in a vol .» not i »posed b\ rons icmo und pis»iotis, iinpiiiuit inn 11 lu» restriints of the nat III al 1 ni, vu'l biutilli npl inn neu ordinance lue ittablo lesiilt ashoitlneJ »cb . ii nud ulti- mate hopeless failure lo-a in in tisii ti the wmld -ni Christdld- ' J ffo sum untas," I am Ihn truth,' uni to bo behoved bv the world, is shit'nug to bininu minn, so keenh alive to the w.akiies» of mau Does he ni lend tosubiiuotho world In ( i) love J I'nnblo I) attrict Iho general movement ot minds, vi ill ho uttiuet tho gent r ii movement of heatl»-1 No lour (\peiieiice sins no ' Love is tho ni isle i sentiiuont ot noble hi nts hut love i» ted on living chirms which cannot be . lerltMing lo d tv jou aro loved, A on wiu heurts, hi tbo comdin, ss if your features, the fire of Aotir o)e, th1 fisuutnns of jour smile, tbo charms ot >nur esprinsion, the muni of your voice, tho brillianc\ of vour vvit, the « i^tni-> s of \ mi services,and tho generosity of vour bcne'its jim h ivo merv attraction, and, bitter than litus. jon deserve ti be called the " dolight of the hum m nue'1 But to morrow ' to- morrow, when pilo death will eil ice your lifn-ioloui qui m h the fitrv ojo, hush the melodious voi o, »much nu iv tho struggling soul, dry up tho fount of natural ¿lits, uti rl> morrow, when the triai workers ot tho gi ive will devour your flesh and pulviruo vour boura, later still, when nothing of YOU remullís but nn empty name, if oblivion spares even that, v»h ti will beeoino of loter1-nothingness. Beloved man, YOU will thrill hearts no more Such is the doom of our uftcctions here belo»» . to languish, whou their object». t.caso to bo present, and to to fado awaj. when nbsencc is prolonged without hope of return I do not ask whether a ou lovo mero historic person igos, with tender, truthlul, generous, devoted love-you »mile at tho question. Wen in tiimil'cs vi here the niemorv of ancestors is mosit keenly cherished-what h*vo wo >> Respect f«ir our forefather», grateful recollection, admiration for moir deeds and Virtue»-but lova there is none Will man pretend to subdue the world bv (4) virtue*1 Laen virtue, the most durable and solid chirm ot in in, i» not proof against Illino When near, and »ten in action, it has, I know, a »vundorlul communicative \» irmth, it stirs the currint of noblo thoughts and holi desires Afar oil it ii cold a» the dist mt stars in tho depths of the firmament , liai mofo, the foibles of tbo just mm, unheeded in tho jdaro of fats qualities, aro keonlv criticised after his death, interest«d malice ransacks hi» life fur lint clay which human fiutlty ever deposits in human existente Beside»,could nn> fallow-man, however simules» sethinisi If np a« the univers ii fjpo nud standard of p*>rfntinn ' "v.o. fallible man may nn»tnke in good faith about* it.tunis \i nu li prudence will warn us to avoid, -nai, ovei ptrlutiblo, cannot achieve in hi« own person the ideal of perfection. A unique pattern of all man's perfection cunnii bo found m meru in«n Will ho pretend to »ubdue the world bv (j) will " Still less lia« a man power to survive in his will, so as to maintain umtv in souci) Wo min* hain dumble) authorilv b\ appealing to God, saYing, " Obov, God c.iin rnandt*," but tbo sole power of a stiou^ and onmitiiitidiu.r will cannot bo of long duration l»c»uliitiou» anntipite death to wrest tbescoplro from hi« ruling bund. 1 ven in the happiest and strongest monarchies, tho da j tomes vvh u an adventunr seues rho crown, or tbo people set np their tickle will as the onlv principio of authority and so the stronurest nationalities are subverted If »ut h ii tho fate of tempoiul empire«, bow is it possible to maintain tbo con»taut umt\ of a spiritual sociotv, bv the prnlontuiions of one and the same will, when that will imposes a dot tnne st titling to reason by ita nr.»tenes, and appalling to trail nature In its in] unctions i Hot« will a man bo then able to transmit to his successors his own power and nitration, so that thev forget tbeniRelvcH, to be identifiid with bun ' BY wbit prodigy will he s _io all these questions tho answei I»-impossibli Wonmv «um up those various human impossibilities 1 Can a mun g>nn universal acceptance for a tencluug of his which is altogether personal, original, místennos, mid identified with his parson in the belief ot nations'' Im- passible 2 Can fallible and perfcctiblo linn imposo himself on mankind is the finished pattern and ni mo of poifection ? Impossible. .3 Can a m in causo himself to be loved with tender, truthful, generous, dtvottd lovo when the charms and food of love are gone, and withering death has comet" Impossible 4 Can a man sum»o himself in tho constant otpressiou and immutable influence of his own will, so as to pnsoi ve the umtv of a »pintual society í Impossible Four impossibles, yet facts * Effected by a man of the neople, the bon of a eubdued and derpisod people, who died 1800 years ago on nn ml niions gibbet-bv Jebtts Christ Therefore Jesus is not a mero man, but God That Christian world «vht ra vm existence proves the divinity ot Christ, furnishes another demon- stration of that cardinal dogma, still moro simple, clear, and conclusive It is not dumb liko the physical world , it »peak/i, aud;n most emphatic words declares that Christ is God. Aqi" 4ts adir-ui-tion is tr_r:ty/orthv, bcc.iuso ii is UDtveisal and perpetual, and because its athrmunta aro nqt .only intelligent and honest, but generous and .fcaroic. 1. It«.« ñhlvert_l ; _o_ que tüsct&íitnt note. "Wherever Christians are tbey make His profession 'ot faith, -< I be- hove in Jesus ChriBt the only Son of God." It is the last A ' ii ? t /«? ia I %3 WJ j \ n Vi KI -I i ... »i link holding thom to the supernatural world , thnt brokon, thcv »ink into tho profano realms of moro nature-they aro Christians notiioi« No elabóralo proof is hero rcqturod-»tho ( bristtnn affirmations of Christ's III Y initj isa notorious fact But it ma) bo saul olher mon befoio note havo usurped divino honours, und havo beni adored bv their f "Íes, but swift justice smote their wukedno»», men soon g cw indignant at iii«ir own de"r*dutio i, and fluni. tho would bo "ods into tho nitro Not st. uith (h« God man whom we adore. His wouhi'- has prevailed, through we.il and win, for will nigh 20el0 Year»-for tho Christian affir- mation is no1 oih unmisal, but (2) piipotunl llicioi» ni qui «don nlioiit tho lasl IfOD jour» Hut cortam ration ilists j ret« nd th it Iho ullin« mou of Christ'« du initj w is the slow elabtiritionof tabba «urrent in tho first two untiiriDS of Iho Christian rta Ixo solid proof «lo thoY giYO of their nslounding ass. rtion , thoj «tudiou»l) avoid tstutin.tr pi «eos, person», datts . thcv produce no char descuption of tint p-t tended procos« of elabora I ion lhev indulge m me o suppositions mid generalities , tlipv tako refngo in tho Rtipposod gloom of tiro tlr*t two ceutuncs Wo will, thcre f. rt, light up that gloom tor thom b\ tho lamp of hiRtnrv ¡ *»\ ill YOU hear the (l) totdimonj o' tim miirtjr» ' S 1 itnl ? exclaims, " Lord Jesus Christ, m> biviou- and ni) God, 1 vouchsafe to re civninv soul " to Ignatius call» himself | Ihiophorus, that is, Ciod-bonnar» le«us Christ in his heart S ¡>vmphoroRn deem» it tho height of bliss to bo biirie- nlivo for .Tenu« Christ, her God St | Pollcirp answer« his judges "How shall I hate bim whom 1 havo n'ored-ni) ki np, and nn ¡saviour'" Mau\ others eould bo quote«! (o tim samo oílect iVill von hear ' ( ') tho pruvers of the fust Christiaas .* " 0, J«»RIIS Christ,'' | tbov sin, *ov mis light of tho 1 trrnal Father's glorj, bon |oftlioIiolv luther, looking tovards tho setting ann, w« nruso tho Father, and tho Son, und tho Holi Ghost " j Will YOU hear (1) tho admissions of tho nrathen Ihrm 1 selves í Iho persecutors flireclv rcquiro tho D bj ti ni - I tion of the divinilv of the Criittficd Col sus j ])il«s np arguments lo nrovotho Christian» lo ha fool» for I adormí' ii man us c _u ii to God Alexander Sovorus desire» to ot ret a te mnln to Christ, tho GoJ of the I hiistiuns Pliny i »I iles in his letter lo Trujan, that tho Christians usad lo sine; in their meetings boforo dnv light iho praise» of Christ j whom thov doomed dod Iho ver) slaves o' Rome u«od to eurie «tino on tbo walls of their coll» the Crucified whom the | Christians i ailed God Will jon hear (1) thoourlv Do« tor« ¡ and Ypistohc I ullier»' In lertullnn, Ongon, Cbuiint of , Alexandria, b lrcuu us, St Justin, «1,0 , wo lind such tosti« moniisas these I.von vv ht rd Christ is boho» ed, Christ I is adored lMievo O nun, linn who ia God and man. bein vo linn who «nimrod and i» nd »red as tho living God " I I mijit quote the most explicit und powerful testtnionx of S C1« nient, und so re «eli up to S Paul the Apostle, whoso liisiuied pin neier wellies in proclaiming tho grand dogma i of Christ'« divinilv ' In Ulm dwolleth ho sai» "nil 1 the fulntss of tbo Ciodhend cnrponlh , lv Him Gtnl n,ado tho word ajd Ho is hi f ira all, and in linn all things con- sist ' lins pir])«tmtv iiflirnnif. tho divinilv of Christ i« a huge fact belinc win h vanish all supposition» of fraud oi usurp «tinu 1 or it 1» not unchallenged, but militant, it wuded thmugh the blov.d of tloven persecution», in which both despotism and her« si »taked their e\i«touco »gainst that of tho Gndinau bul soon thcv wera utterlv extinguished in tho utiiveis-ul iifllrmiition, " 1 believe in Jesus Christ the onlv sin of God ' And now wlntt are Iho qu lillies of tho iithrmtnt« of the dogma of Christ'« diviuitv ." Hit) ate in» diligent that ti «Y bo not deluded, and honebt that tbov do not di lude I fi iilissl) ussei tthiit tho Cluistiiiii world offer« Iho i greit«st »um of intelligence of anv »onetv on ciirth Iho bight st genius in ever» URO from tho Chrifliii» ora bus adored Iho crucified lou Je«us Chn»t riiat senotis and perin mont adoration, winch no mero man over obtained, »neme« litter«, nits, politic» bava pud, either diroctlv or mdiKtllv, to Christ, Renowned warrior« «wi II the cortege, and von pirhnps lemeiuber the celebrated du turn of ono of them " I i.noiv what nun aro," mud Napoleon I, "und I ni) thnt JOSHS Chrut is not a min,"-ft; me tonnait til hoimiti', ft j? rfes qut J? »r »f )>!.. un homme" But above all uthrmints tn point of intollignicn must be placed the mou who iiceivixltho buhhnio nission to teach that dorina to inun ktnd-I mein tbo C hinch teaching. W ho could euunionito all those ii »eled Inmm incs whoso genius hi» engT0s«ed tho un mon of og««, thnio stars in tin hriiniiiieiit of tho Chri» liui world v» ho h ive dt voted their noble mind» to tho »irvico of tho Christian iifllrmiition ' \ cs, to us ' servico ' tor the ti ichor is uusitislied willi a mero assent, but h« studies if» motive« »oiirces, and otij«*ct Ho ascend» tbo stn mi of ii.'C«, riisifks t. xts, Ytntlcs dites, rillntos ni niuuicnts, sitts «mdeiite He dibit» ho«ol»«s thudilliculiies luaped b» n is ii round the d gum of Christ's di« initv , in tine, ho e, uns ii i mention both foi buns,li and bin disciples of iho truth ot Ins t nth, aad bo!«!li p oeluius tint he would not bill vo did ho not »co that bo i» bound lo bebo«« ' \an ord > 1 ni\t i/'i,'f't .m/ n Inn" (s 1 ho i as \quma»). Not tint he onrrat«» the peuri-s of the human mud, limul li m sei«>nre, ha results m pruver to obtain n supple in nt of Ililli liom the clem il »un ot truth With the c niblin it ton «»of mittlre and grace*, be risi» with asenso of i ni irt.i nu ¡ii and with settled mind und firm von o i \il nins I believe in Jesus Christ, tho onl\ son ot God '' In l1 «> uo\t plai., tilt» ilhrmants of our gt« it lo.iua am (2j li nu st 1 or tho Chiistiiiu world not «ml» exhibits the sum iru-"r(guti ot nrdiimrv virtues, out also tho clunie II >w ot »mi titi und mon ivor it» virtue» mo ibu practical out ennn of its ailinn «turn Hie Christian luxisthe Golman us hi» faulil, «s piltirn, and failhfiillv ropitsiill hisvirtuis, so thal lu» nllirins the a li ins as bv hi« wird», Qtciitse ho obevs the prat tie ii nulli irUY of tint dii.uiu, oven unto tho must perfect and aiilii ni» i nin- cquom is Yvlmli is tho sublimo of honest), \\\ « bivi thin, mt« fiígeme and hone«! v-tbo t«»o fundi lucnt ii quililu s iiqiu«ito in over» tiusuoitli) informant but wo lino fur miro-wo havo jreni»n>sit\ and heroism. ¡sie. tbo np istl liied willi Iho twofold love of God and man, lu ive euri p ii lo s] read abro id «he bell f in the diviiulY o' Christ pLitl» flinn his Kindiid, v ho with tiarsund s b , s(n»e> lo rellim bun 11 thtir despiirmg cinbi no, peril« li mi his pioph unible to understand his dcvotcdniss, v» hu li tho» de« in folia porils in th« MM, w buso «torinv depths he must cinss tu r nh his mission lind 10,000 milts from hoini pu Is in mci»-MIulltii i tpnl rivers-or pestiferous fi is milton hes , p ills fumi u iii ns, birbuotls or sa« ige, ubsiuitih riiotuliu tluir gio.s bii|« rstitlon» and reudv to »bel th« npislle's bl ion pirils from robber», crowned bug nuls, ji dons of llitir despjtisin lind corruption, quickly ti nisfoiine 1 mt i ruthhss p isecutns, vulgar plündertr«, hiugm v»ait toa s cssinate a id despoil tho Lurapei. whoso bool) tlnv covet pi nls in th i itv, vvhi rn ho miibt concoil lils | n si mo Inda himself liken malt f n tor, foi theonh crime of being it Chn turn, perils tumi tulse brethrcu, ti iders ni n ligiou, m irn eager loi lortiin« than tor souls liitiiuiditi'dconvi rts.siilouicdapostulcs, rcudv lobetruv their bi itbei uno tin builds of Its ornum.», pfrtlsiii lb« wtlder iiih» w lu re wild be isU roim, v,hcro tho storm roar« or the ti neills rush, wlnio tho »nage, burna soil refuses tho Miliststein o of lite, w'lpiebungci and thirst and fuir must li« «mimed pi nls of isolation-no heart to whom he cm till his milli ung» ni coutido his l.opi s, noincourigenictit , from till»«-mi »-na), sometime« a loi lorn and disconsolate di it li O pr ii hei ut tho Go lui in, wilt thou bravo this host of pi ni» ' ' 1 et me go," he »avs, "the ends of the i irth must hour mo, und respond to the cr) of rat "atth ' I believe in Jesus Chi ist the onlv Son of God ' " Such men aro uo ririlv in the Liri»!! ni world, but common in every u"«ifiom the origin of Christianity down to our day. Here, I thtu, >ou must ouftss, wo havo illino thau gcuorosit), vie bau) heroism Yet thi» heroism, conspicuous in the apostle, slums moie brighllv »nil in the innrtYr. Uutquo marvel in tho annuls of mankind1 Milhor« of men, women, and cluldrcu-millions, 1 sa)-nobles and plcboiuu», rich and poor, learned and tennant, have hid to i house betwi en death, lu tho most leirilic »hipe», mid tho denial of Christ's divmlt) Ono word could »avo thom, that word they lefused to utter , death rather, de ith in fiercest tonnent» i lo their last gisp thoa said, " I um a Chiiatian, Chn»t is ?ii* God ' ' Aad w han their dying lip* were hubhod, then, by the ruddj mouth of then gaping wounds and the crimson blood-strtam from their imu_.led frames, they still cried out "1 bo'iove m JCSUR Christ, the only Son of God'" Whit moro Jo ) ou ask ^ 1 he Christian affirma- tion i» complete. Divine Piovidonce, to clear tho popular Chrn tiau luilh from tbo charge of blindness and foil), h is conihtised into «ne vivid, startling, almost tangible proof, within ever) man'» re,ch, the dcinnustiutive force of tho whola cumulus of Christian evidtiicc« You believe u_.uinBt nil appearances wini h îepre out the firmuincnt us a «month vault, »tudded with luminous points-that up there aie incommensurable dipib«, where millions of worlds levolve, to which our planet is a tin) ¡«ram of »and "mu bcliovo tint becauso YOU tiust m the calculations ot huenco and tbo honest> of the men of genius who affirm it You believe the exister ai ot distant towna )ou lum .levir seen, YOU believe tho main fact» of history wh o uLCicnt iiiiiaiiiiic.its you hive lever examined, beeuuso on thi »o poi it» tilt re i» a uniier»ul and pcipituul nanam nt among tiavellersuud scholar« and jou »ill not believe the whole Christian world affirming tho divmitv of C.uistf Unit dviiui i», indeed, «tiauge, but stringer still is tho adit nation . htch warrant» it It is uuiver»al, und perpetual, of au immutable and )ot militant peipetuitv, which lesists nii.hr, le ««on, and passion. Aro not thcbe o\«liisiva charictcnstic» ot truth J »Vera the dtvintt) of 'Christ afable, it would have lo ig sin« o been uprooted, mslpiid of bl lengthened, by the violent storm» of loOOjears. Iusteaà of that, it is obstuntily affirmed, afhtmed bv Deniu», ulliiincd bv tho most sublima honesth. Have so mun) noble ni ndb, the pi ide of the human rue, exhausted then science onlv to prop up nonsenbe-so man\ saiuts devoted their virtues to the service of a lie -" Hav more, have they made alio thove-Y piinuplo and cause of their I Y irtuesJ Still mo*, astouudiug marvel ' 1 he Christian world afin nib with surpussmg generobitv uud heroism Has it thau the pibsiouot God's glory onlj to destroy it b\ the spread of a monstiousurror i Has it tho passion of the I KIIIY anon of souls onlj to poison them by a hateful super- stition *? Does it open it« veins and pour out its life-blood onlv to confound the commonest uolion» of reason t Ina vv ord, are the Chi istian apostélate and mart) rdom only a per- petual et une, oi a perpetual folly Í i*o, no, ali that i« »hcer impossibility. Good «ensocompels us to reason thus Univer- sal!) , perpetually, with intelligence, honestY, devotion and heroism,the Chribtian worldufhrins that Christ is God. 'lhat is not a »elf-evident tiuth, like 2 and 2 are!, therefore God himself revealed it. therefore God lins been seen and heard , he hub given si¿ns of his intervention, these signs have been ascertained, examined, und di»cuR»ed . therefore, wo uiust believe Such is the summary proof of Christ's divinity, Rt-ffii lent for the bulk of mankind, who have no time and no menus for any other. For ti candid mtud it ia irresistible Hither what tho Christian world affirms of Jesus Christ is true, or else God himself deceive« us, and deceives Himself, for He has permitted, against the interest of His own glory, tho most triumphant of all seductions. Who, indeed, could resist the majestic apparition, the mar- vellous cortege and procession, which the Christian affirma- tion cvoite»«' A Godman present« Himself to us surroundod 'by the most splendid throng that ever attended on truth, and if we ratorroiraio that ejrovvd we receive from one anti all tho same ans« cr Generations without number, who are )0? Wo aro tho Nations, from sunriso to sunset, from north »o south, unite, in tho samo faith, and bocauso we havo the «anio faith, we havo the samo profession-" We boliovo in Jesus Christ the onl) Son of God " Mighty shade«, who aro von r1 We aro (haAges Prom one to another, with vone which nonn can silence, wo pass our testimony of what was in iho beginning tho faithful echo of thoiry uttered bv tho Apostle« who saw, beard, and tout heil the, Christ- Wo lieheio in Jesus Christ inn oulv bon of find" Illustrious nun, who am AOU^ WO ure Stud), Science, Genius. Wo have watched and pray ed, paled on book«, mleirrogatwl monuments, diseuRsod with our reison, and wo have acknowledged that wo iniist rrrostnto before Christ, our God, and »HA to Hun-'Wo believe in Jesus Chnst tho onl> Son of God " Yo, whoso beauteous brow is circled with a bright halo, and whoso urmo uorlutues tho stream of ag.s, who are Aou .> \\\o aro Sanctll), It was our belief »bat mailo our virtues, and it is our virtues that chant thtir cause when wo repent tho strang« canticio ot our faith " Wo believe m Jesus Christ, thu onl) son of God " Untir- ing pilgrims who, guided b) Providence, fly over the world hko tho birds of tho air, who aro A ou i Wo nro l)ovoU>d nes« Nothing arrests it», wo diro nil danger for God's (.lory and the salvation of «oui«, and so wo sound to the end« of the earth tbo great truth,-* Wo bohovo in lesus Const tho onl) Son of God ' Men, women, children, v irgms, priests, kings, «ige«, warriors, artisans-tmmonso throng of mangled and bleeding fromes, who aro )ou t Wo art Heroism Iho world, sunk in sensu and sin, would not boliovo our words, nor our virtues, so wo hine spoken with our blood, and our blood ha« thrown into tho face of the world this sublimo confcssiou-" At o bohevo in Jesus Christ the onl) son of dod " 0, ni) friends and fellow-men if I havo common sense, ii 1 bnvo a hi art, can 1 sav to these nations, thoso a"e«, the«o tenchors, theso saint«, these apostles, theso martirs ' Pass on, go your win, I under- stand not a word of your allinnntiiin and the solitary murmur of niv reason drowns A our might) voico"? No, thal is not true I undsistand perfectly weli tho meaning mid import of tho Christian aflirmntion No that is in- sensate I cannot struggle ngauist a wholo world Iho cortege of the Godman is for mo »ho most astound- ing muriel, and I am drawn with irresistible force into it« ranks But if it be the cortege of nu idol, 0 God, where i« thi goodnos«, where th\ wisdom, glor), power, loracit), mid providence9 Ihou hast left nothing unelone to deceive me, and lower fh)«elf Must I thin den) Ihv perfections, and after th) perfections, ihy existence-' Must Ibccoinonn atheist i No, indeed, no, ni) reason recoils from so heinous a criino Oh, my mind is mudo up 1 enter »ho cortege of truth With tho nations, with tho ages, with gunns, with sanctity, with deiotion, nud heroism, with the wholo Chrisltnn world, I too ailinn tim dogmi of tho Godman, and 1 sing with sll my bent and voice»-"I believe in Jesus Christ the onl) Sm of God " 'Acs JesuB Christ is God. " \V( behovom Tcsus Christ he ou\\\ ison of dod," we will continuo to behcvoiu linn to build temi les in His bouour, to adoro Hun lo loin Him to «crio Hun and luting up with fear- less hand Ihn noble standard of His du mit), wo »ball find tinder it« folds honour, civili/jition, plorv freedom, life, Filiation, aud ctcrtuti Dr Rod wood then added -"'I have now a pleasing task to perform 1 congratulate >our learned, eloquent, and indefatigable Archbishop, of whom 1 know lou uro proud, and I am sure that I interpret the «puli- menta of all the Right Kev. bishops and proliitiji who grace this ceremonv with their presence, when, without flatten, 1 call lum 'pon erf til in work and word before God and the peoplo '-ono who reali/^s in an cminontdegrei the Apostle's ideal of a bishop, in all thing« showing himself 'an example of good work», m doctriup, in infopriti, m gravit), able to txhnrt it sound doctrino, und to contine« the gainsa)or8 (1 it I ) in short, a prelato who vLiidlv recalls those statclv and holv bishops once the g!or\ o< Catholic l.ngland -a \ meninie Bede in »iintline»s and learning, a riioma« a'liecket, m real, and feirlcss vindication of the right« of the Church 1 congratulate Aouwarmh, nn Lord Arch- bishop on the achievement of tho great object for which Aou have worked so hard and so well I also rongrntulite all the excellent and devoted cUrgy of this sn-hdiocese see ular and regular- on thnr ubiliti and generous co-opera- tion with their great leader, nindi limo conduced la to prompt and completo a «ucees« Nor are INA congnifil- lation» less for tho clorg) of tho other dtoasts of this eccles!istical province, whoso devotion deserves nn equal meed of pru*e ilut ho» slnll I con grituto, in rde'qUHto terms, the happy Citbohc« of "» d iel and the who'o of thi-arcbdioccsj ." Hie work AOU h no done is great, und Aoiimav, and do, feel It gi tímate pi ide in its completion, but let mc tell vou (-midhill, it does iiot sm prise me it is what I should iiHtumlli expert, «ben 1 rei leinbor the noble nuo lo whicu most of lou b. long \>ou arc the children of dear old Ireland, that Hltvivskipt the fifth, Ireland, tho fair mother of the samt« \ our» is a 1 ind of saints ipostle«, and liurtir«-nav, von re tttnaitired nation-and a md all )our titles to honour and "lory there is (ino which )ou c1 um, particular!! m our day -vi/ , that you ure tbo church- btnldirs of t o world N'o wouder, then )ou h-iie be.n truo to)ourselves hero in Si uncí, as In Now \ork, and all oiei the uutinont of N'orth America Ihe rich with their wealth th« poor with t'ieir hard earned ware«, the widow with hor mile, vou huvo reared this splendid editico for dex), for votireelve«, for s our children, nuc «nunv generations ) et uuborn MI lmuour to )our faith and devotion ' I feel that nn con gratultuon«, nro poor at all points except one- they aio «incite I congratúlete and thank all thoso goicromnnd lib ral person« of other deiiomin mon.» who havo helped to « lot t this itnposlug mouu nene and I assuie them that God .«.ill b'esi thim for coutributing to build n houso of pmer, n templo s hero Jesus Christ will bo adoied and praistd, Hi» doctrine taught, His sacn in.nls iijimnlstiicd, nnd »he principle» of His cnlli ¿ution presort oci aud meuli lied I ulso look upon «our assistante asa firm protest against llnso detestablo uutt-Chrisliin R)«leiiis no« btcnniing so bold and rampant -»istems which profess no diff. runo in kiud but onlv m d.grco, betuceo a in in and an ignoble qualrupod-«v»terns favnired and fostered to an appillmg extent bl a lirinntcal seciilniism m education and «i stems tit only tin ouvert society into chaos and men into slaves or inennate demons 1 also t mgritiilito architect, contractors, ¿c , ¿.c I will termiunte n tfh flic expression of mi iii inks to his Grace for the honour ho his eemferrod upon nie, by mutmg nie to priich lins opening sermon I regret thut I hive been so l,irb«noith mi the mo and the august circ'imstanccs On glmcing bick at tho past I am lorubl) reminded of a scene describid m tho book of Lsdms, when tho Israelites, returned frmi ciptititt, had laid the foundation of tho steoud tempi un Jtrusilein MinA of the ancient«, remem b nug the splen lour of ¡Solomon s 1 emole, and despairing of everseemg its t quill agun, wept aloud A cr\ dill ront aro in\ feelings at the pre. cnt mom nt It l» non 2S vears sim ) I carno lo Mdnei, a boy about 15 A eu s of age. on niv I vt n to 1 uropo fur education 1 then «aw the first Catholic I Cathedral of bvdnev and spent the feast of Christina» in it 1 remember it well But what u chango now' What a (Ot)tiast' And it is not sorrow you or I 1 now »eel but lu art) joy at the wonderful progress of our holv faith in this hopeful lund, the mother colonv of Aus j tniha All bonoui to the hol) foundtr» of this tlounsbing chunh, of this fertile spot in the Lora'» viut)ard All j honour to the noble Archbishop who then ruled the compa- ratively email »lock, all bunour to the devoted priest* of those dais, the untiring inissiouers, tho men of arduous toil I and travel Ihe) sowid tho soed, you reap the plentiful I han est rhei had gre it love foi this new Austral land, so I lui ishly blessed hi God, and tho> had great hopes in her j future She rose before their mind's o)o as a fair im en, cionned alike with the gifts of nature aud the higher gifts of grace "Vou are realising their fond vision lo this , oour.trv, flowing airead) with milk and hone), the millions I of the old world ure coming, all tho intellect ind material i power of our progressive age are pushing it forward to tho height of wealth and orosparitv. Nor is the Ottbolic Church 1 bebma in the race lo a modes» chapel hus' succeeded a grand cathedral worth) of media.Mil tines The Bishops I hero to-dav piesent aro living proofs of the spnxid of our no1) faith, and, despite the dark ominous cloud of «eculir I ism, the future is rich in proimso Iho children if the faith aro stein!) flocking to this country Ihe Ca'hohe j Church is respectPu even bv those who are not of her household, and, if her credential« ure fairl) »et before thonfj» , the) mil learn to embrace and love her, who was the hfo ' aud glory of Lnglsnd for over uthousutid )car« It is )our dutv to avail Aourselves of the golden opportunitv to establish th» Chun h most piously m Austral! t, and li) so doing vou will confoi uuon her incalculable blessings Cathobo truth will make her really free bv teaching respect for legitimateauthonti.'he fouudatton ot law and older Ihe Church bunt,» nub her, and listers wifb rtiotherlv care, true cmli/ation ¡»lie taught Goths and >«ndaN, Colt* and SaxniiB-she cmiired europe She is tlirsult ot the earth and the hgut of the wnild, aud she alono can pre- serve the modern world from telupse into a second burban«» far wotso than tho first I hail tne Church of Au»tralln-" so htlv lepresentedb) this stuttl) pile, grand fresh, anti new from the mason's hand-as the earnest and warrant ot these happy results and 1 hopo that, m God's nuny, she ma) longcnjov the leidership of the great prelate who now ¡,indes bet destim, and that she »ISA go oa from victory to l vie tor) until her final triumph is consummated in the land of the living, in the bright realms of ctornnl bliss An,PUn I 1 ho amount collected among the congregation was £2200. including four dominons of £100 each Afterwards carno' the "Credo," Mrs. Hunt singing the " Lt Incirnatus solo, and Miss Moon thi .. Lt Vttani" Mrs Riley sang an oftertor), 'Ave Maria" (ßauei), with beautiful expression, her s)iupafhetic voice sounding to great advantage in it. Iho orebestial opening to the "Beuedictus" was verv crisplv played, and Mrs. Hunt sang »ho subsequent solo nicely, lbe "Agnus Dei» and the "Dona Nubia" might have been sung in better time, but the " Hallelujah" chorus went with such precision of time aud tune that it made amends for »bese ¡ trilling defects Ihe service closed shortly before 3 o'cJsek p m I In the evening the sen ice consisted of Pontifical Vespers and Benediction. 'I he officiating prolaf e was ibt Bishop of I Armidale (Ur rorregmni). Ihe Archbishop piwuded at the throne. Ihe attendance was somewhat limit:», the cathedral being about half filled I The Very Rev Prior BUTLEK preached tho eve itng esf mon, which he based on 28tb chapter of Genesis, descriptive of Jacob's dream of the ladder reaching from earth to Heaven, and of his taking the stone which had served him for a pillar, setting it up for a title, pouring oil upon it, and making a vow, saving, " lhis stone which I have set up for a title shall be called the House of God." Ihe rev gentle- man referred at some length, and in eloquent terms, to the ladder which Jacob saw reaching from earth to Heaven, with angels ascending and descending upon it, as being typical of the sacrifice which God offered up for mankind in the person of his son, Jesus Christ, establishing _ diroct com- munion between man on earth and God in Heaven, so that through Christ the angels might carry to the wamoi God _ie aDDeela of manjand for salvation, and i^tum^roj? tho Heavenly rather with messages of morc.7777""" givcncss So. also, as Jacob had «t un W_ÏÏf for' memnrial, and called tho"pl¿co"thVHoU,\hVfi!S *?c" Är".°f îï.-ef.ïî*.'* v .--£ t? *?£ pies that es." asid Place» " wax er« of mon, and racimes moro'f'airtura.ly m thTriu' »tous It »as »h.» spirit mllucnced D.v.d to buiîdaA » ntaol ,he^a\""ndP hTbuî.t £__? «?. were the Houses of God" "At Jil ,?ple*. ^ »ho proachoi, »""n hain looked upon cwUiÄ-""4 spee.allv sot apart for divine w orshipfwlioro Goa ___?, 'T. , " *?" ,u's "P'"1 initucnced Unid to build _ "T, ' and Solomon lo accomplish the holy wish of lui fatb, ft is tn.s feeling mado Ji.tob set ",, and anoint ho S__f J tinko vows upon it Itis f-r til,« purpose »T,_2__i__ m hi« grind templo, «hnso stones have Wa KI un li faith and chant), to uttcst for all timo th« «!L J tho glorj, and tim promises of God to u? _J.S!f% Jesus Christ, the Bcdeomer, the SaTiour, tb'o p eÄi his loved spouse, the Church, ever dwells with lira. J_d.{_ in pre«, nee of her God over feels the love and rev««» towards him that Jacob did at tho vtaton She fee?,»S* her his ever abiding spirit Yea, has he not ,nv?_ Ä mvstcr) of love a way ra which ho lives on Ä' trul) and substantially as ho did for thoso 33 vewsoftf' , mortil Mo on cirlhf He ha» not onl) given ¿Zltt ragsand protection but his very self llenen and ._!_ uro no longor apart but connected- human«) and God iii unitod, and iho God-man dwells m our tabornuclt» IW , now» wonder a» »ho Catholic Church setting np ammS 1 and pouring oil on the temple stones, and c_llinR t_T_¿ i 'Houso of God and tho gate of heaven ' Shs diJ^ becauso sho sees and feels the divino presonce ra hw nui» | and in every placo that Joaus and hw adorable _ttaM___J aro, she iavishos what treasure« she possesses ra settineT! a tostimon) of hor loio nud gratttudo In the ara 5 | faith seo what »ho has accomplished Evsrv aft ,ni scienco lent its aid »o oxpross tho full fee'rag» of her irr»t¡ tudo, hfrroierence her adoration, and helqlova Shs con ceiii>d the pointed arch as it rose from the crastinm. pillors-tho fretted roof, the niullioncd window th' doftly mtneato tracen, tho slender shaft ' th» groiued aisles the nchly-tinted and gemmed winíoin--. tho massive towor and Us spiro springing into the clear sky hko tho soul which pints to mount on high too I domo poised in mid-air-the vestments, tho incensó' th» music, tho speaking marble, (ho flowing canvas-thi grand liturgy, the white robed priests the mitred preiste What uro nil but togiAo oxpressK n to that of tbo text' ' What shall wo render to God for «11 he has .riven ?' Th» env ions Tudas max. sa), wh) ' i« its pru e not guea to the poor r' Win spenu so much in r ¡sing this temple t Who not bo content with a hall of assomblv' We rata th»» templo ao graceful in its proportion«, so conspicuous in «te so costly in its outlay, becauso this is not a Houso for man' but for God. Here ho dwells It reallv and fully rsulizn t ho v tsion of Jacob . W hat then shall we render to God? How commemorate this abiding presence «mon«! men-' You Catholics of S)dncv give the answer to-d»y "i our warm, largo hearted, and most generous responMto the intrepid and laborious under! iking of tho great prelate who rules euer you, is this magnificent pile which ISBOW set up acd anuintod as tho duelling placo of God and tit gato of Heaven Your fathers, ra dais past, hid many a. hard battlo to fight in this land to keep inuolato tbo sacred , fir« of faith Man> of vou havo como from a country who* only glory ha» been for contîntes thecros« of Jesus C»m. tngthat faith, and the sicred promises annexed, over lae trackless ocean, A ou planted it on these »hores anuda tears lind povert) Yen worn here, hue Jacob on his way to Haran, stringer» in a foreign land, but still children of promise 'Man lui» not by breid alone'-the timer con sctousness of nght, the rafallil le promise of a never-failing faith, tho abiding spirit of truth there, and tbo futurs hope« of blessing, aro whit buov men up aguiast difllcuHies,and nerve them to suffer, an 1 finally triumph Is not this the stor) which histor) tells of tue earlt struggles of Catho luiti in theso colonies »* Less than 90 A ears ago sa adverse Í »te brought lo these Aery shores somo poor outcasts from that isle of the west, cubed of old the Island of Saints. Al rae, and friendless, they bid nought save the faith of thtir fathers to cheer their bitter lot ot servitude Branrjg tho persecution and the tcrrois of their ferocious masters, then clung with life-tenacity to that hol) reit),ion What heart does not throb with generous emotion at ths heroic fortitude of those poor men, who for three long )e»rs kept j watch and ward over the Ado'ablo Sacrament 1 as a Car- melite mm bo justly pirdonod at feeling proud of ths two tortisne« of the orde r and clients of Murv who maintained that over memorablo watch of tho all-Holt Ihe faith sown in tears and blood is seen crowned in tbo grand cere- monial of to-dii), and the noble cathedml, 'neath whose gmietul arch " wo aro met to set up a memo- rial of plot), of lou, and reicren-e It stand» as a niouuuient of faith and a testiinonv of generous detotion. Hero is reined that grand old spfnt of Catholic tunes that considered nothing too good to bj off. red to God Iho fine and inussivo proportnn», the per- spective of those long aisles, the culminating bpiury of tai | altar, aro all oxpressno of tho stibiliti, yet bciuty of the Citholio Church With solemn nie these mitred chiefs I dedicate »his nnblo templo to the worship of God, under the invocation of the ever bloesed Mother of Jesus Here vow» shall be made, and tho clean oblatiou (foretold by ths I prophet) bo daili offered up , and we have, too, tho Divine promise that God will be ia the midst of those who assemble ht re in his name A.nd from tho warranty of tro past what f itr x ision rises of tho Church of Australia i rerseouted in Lurope, she comos to these lands full with the promises of eternal truth. Conscious of her noble mission-feeling the I heavenly power with which BIIO IS armed-inspired wifh the I lloh bpirit that over watches oier hor, and with truth and freedom, she stands erect, and calls on all men to enter tho portals of her kingdom, fn it i« tho Houso oí God and tho onlv gato to lu iv cn She possessed the birth- right, and bho has the blessing , and though the clouds oi pt rsecutiun have long gathered round her in the old world, hero in this homo of freedom n bright dann breaks on the I rov etic spouse of Christ Öhe goes forth arraved in nil the» I xireraii loveliness of her perenniil )outh Let but mcni i look upon her and seek to hear the lessons of morality and holmes» from her lips, and follow the beacon light of truth I this unerrraT guido holds aloft, and catch the ¡iispiritionol her loi o of""dod and of man, and thev must needs fall I down before her, and with trembling accents declare tier to be I tho spouse of Chnst, for whom Ho died And )ou.children of tho Church, in whom have been fulfilled the blessing! made to Jucob, who aro blessed a thousaudfold ra the com" I mumon of that Church founded bv Christ on earth, land which is joined by the communion of saint! to that other church in heaven, to-di) arise and nour the oil of tbunksgiung oil thoso >».£.*"" hat aro now set up as a title to a'ter ages of tho many blessing« you hue receñid from God, and joindchveT* from tho tower of a cru. 1 foe Make )our votisto Godm his boljPpice and may the God of Abraham ando» Isaac and of J .cob hear thesexows, that when our journej boro below 11 ended, and that wo enter into tho land of pro mise-oÛr rue countrv and lasting habitatiou-our «a ax be glaldened b) the eternal xis.on of those angel, smrit-s who minister around the throne of the Lamb m the _Ä«uÄ the house of God, and the pUce where hi. elor) dwelleth." .... At xc-spers tho Bishops wore the rochet and biretls BiiopQumnxvasabsentrins health being.too de.cato to allow of any exertion on his part in addition to those he had nada in the morning Iho choirs used (.»gonai» oh.nl" and with few exceptions the BoloisUweroto who had sung at mass Miss Moon wng Csrmusctr "Salve Regina.» and Mrs. Hunt sang Neukotnn'sJ"0 Sftlumri» " Donizetti's « lantara Lrgo" was given ver» «rtiSly by Messrs Hallewell «nd Hinchy, the voice faending CIL and Miss lonny Nolan saug th« »Adorenms» excellentlx, and took Dart «'*J» Movers in tho "O Samtissima" As tho eccles «Hi« »lèvera m in . (0 (_, procession »ook its wav from the sanctuary to m ?,tr) the organist pl*)od »he grand war, n,«chj pries« from Mendelssohn's Athuht." lb« <"»""* service for to-di) is as follows ~\lorn rag "Coronation," Meicibeor, "Ryrie," "Gloria, .i.."»" e.-o^nnl "Avo Vorum," Gillespie, __ dante, dradual, "Ave Vorum," Gillespie, ww»j .? laniuiii J^ic»',» +"?.'.. _../-! " banctissiuia," Gregorian march, Urga 