"SEEN WITH HIS OWN EYES." ?.'?'i Some years ago I had a small paddock planted with < corn, and in tho paddock woro soveral treo-sturapa of fy th!e usual height-from threo to four feet. As tho fohco was not vory secure where it abutted on the river, after toa I said to my son, a lad of 12 or 13 > years, that I would stroll down to tho far end of the Îaddook to soo if any oattlo wore about. Accordingly 'wont, and found all safe. On my return through tho oom-it was then dusk-I was astonished to BOO ' looming boforo mo what soomod to bo the stump of a ti'bo somo oight or nino foot high. Knowing thero '(' were no stumps that height in the paddock I stopped, I somewhat startled, and wondering what tho object ' dquld bo 5 thon, as I advanced towards tho seeming ''' stiimp, Twas still moro startled to soo it move ! Had ? . I ¡boon overcome with timidity and flod, doubtless I ' would have behoved to my dying day that I had seen 1 an apparition; wheroas what I took to bo something l' uncanny turned out to be my son, who, unknown to ino, had followod mo part of tho way down tho pad 1 dook and mountod one of tho troo-stumps in order, sö far as tho dim light would pormit, to obtain a. more V oxtendod viow. Doubtless most of tho so-called ghost stories, wore the roal facts asoortainod by the ;ghost-soors, could bo as simply accounted for as that ¿, 1 which I have related as happening to myself, and : A . " soon with my own eyes." ? . D. L. ; ¡More tin discoveries are being made in thô vicinity bf Stanthorpe. . V ^ ,Charles Doyle, a briofloss .barrister, was committed for. trial by the Central PolioeBench last Tuesday on a cliargo of uttering a forged order bearing tho name of James Dalton. Mr. W. H. L. Bailey, proprietor of tho " Temora Herald," has boon victimised for about ¿6100 costs in having to defend a vexatious libel action. Tho plain tiff did not appear. This is justice under tho colonial libel law ! Mr. Edward Bennett, tho well-known barrister,' intends standing for Tonterfiold. It is said he hak received assurances of support from influential quarters. Mr. Bonnottj we understand, intends pro ceeding to Tenterfield immediately to prosecute hi» candidature. But that ho is a lawyer, and that th« Legislature ia being gradually swamped by members of his order, wo could wish him success. Apropos of tho notion taken by tho German Govern» ment with roferonco to tho Jows, a correspondent sends us tho following cutting from a Liverpool nowspapor :-" If tho information is roliablo, and it soems so, tho Gorman Governmont is already lament ing its foolish declaration of making Germany too hot for tho Jows." Our correspondent further saysi " This anciont pooplo emigrated to the East of Europe, carrying with thom their intelligence, industry and savings so that ono of tho greatest ele ments of commercial prosperity, has disappeared from Bismarck's country. Jorusalom itsolf has become tho headquarters of tho Jowish emigration, and a German Commissioner reigns sovoroign in tho city. Tho sanitary arrangements aro undor tho inspection of a Gorman physician. Tho ruined housos aro being ra storod. An English Company have undertaken to build a Rorios of immonso Poabody- conatructions, intended to aorvo in the upper part as lodgings for the people and the basement as caravanserai for tho accommo dation of the pilgrims at Christmas and Easter. Tho stroots aro lighted with gas, and tho auioduot of Solomon's Pool is boin" rostorod and mado to bring: wator to tho city as of old. Strange to say tho effect of this movomcnt already has become ovidont in the cunt end of London. Along tho narrow stroots lead ing out of Whitechapel and tho Milo-ond-road. th« quarter bolonging to tho- Jews of throo generations, may bo soon whole rows of shops closod or only half opon, and upon tho shutters tho inscription " Gone to Palestino." Tho following, wo boliovo, are tho temporary arrangements, ponding Parliamentary sanction, for thh management of tho drill ship Wolverono : Tho Govornmont have, under tho advioo ¡¡of Boar-Admiral Wilson. placed Lieutenant Symons, lato Navigating Lieutenant < f tho Wolvorono, now on loavo for six months from I H.M. Navy, in temporary charge as Com mander in commission in tho Naval Bri I gadc, with a temporary staff. Such staff ! will bo 1 commander in commission of tho Naval I Brigade (Captain Symons), 1 lieutenant, 1 gunner, X boatswain, 1 onginoor, 'isoamon (potty officors), 12 ablo soamon, 1 loading stoker, 4 stokors, 1 carpenter, 1 com» mander's sorvant, 1 ship's steward, lcook,l warrant» 12 Vernon boya (which number will probably bo in» croàsocl). 1 ormal regulations and formal appoint» monta to carry this out will appear so soon aa satisfactory arrangements can bo mado. It is contení» plated that the position of officors of tho Wolverene .'.and of those of the present Naval Brigade will bo re« lativel;; similar to thoso of tho Naval llosorvo in England, andüthoso of U.M. drill ships in England. Tho question of soniority (which would involve control) can only arise in tho event of war or other complications involving tho calling out by his Excel lency tho Governor by proclamation of tho Naval Brigade, in which o vent tho sonior officer (presently i Captain Hixson) will tako command of the whole I Naval Brigado force, including that of the Walyo rene, ' ' ; 