THE GREAT FIRE. (The Sydney Echo.) MOST honourable impulse calls upon every Au- tralian to mourn for the destruction of the Garden Palace. And the loss deepens and broadens and saddens as it is more fully considered, giving honest cause for a season of national mourning. It stood kinglike and grand above all our other works, a shrine and a monument of the first great Australian triumph. Memories hung like morning mist about the dome, and ghosts of old associations dwelt about its corridors, to meet which was to renew acquaintance with forgotten delights. In its rosy, palmy time a greater life was lived in the palace than had over before been known in the colony. The wealth and culture of the old world stretched hands to us over all the seas. Our young strong land, in the flush and grace of maiden beauty, knelt in the court of the world, and was received with welcoming homage from all the elder Powers. So much accomplished, no fire can destroy. The great purpose of the Exhibition was fulfilled, and no act of incendiarism or madness could affect it. The voice of the Exhibition sounded as a trump to all lands as a bugle call to which many answered. It was probably the best investment we over made-the fullest fruited effort of all that' bore us harvest. What, then, was left to destroy? Memories,-,.sentiment, we have said; but they are of immortal parts, and cm never wholly perish. The great dome, towering.; above the i city-shadowed / with mist at the dawning, swathed in smoke at the sunset-the long facades showing so fairly to. the sea- these have utterly perished. A few shattered walls scowl at the incoming traveller now, so that he might almost fancy the war fiend had been in our midst. The losses include the year's collection of works of the young art society of the colony. These last works were insured for £3000, perhaps a third of their value, but their loss cannot be estimated by money value; many hard-working men and women had thrown all the strength of their souls into the work which hung in that Some had trusted, by virtue of that work, to knock at the ironbound door of public appreciation so loudly as to be heard and admitted. Their hopes are withered as the fair spring blossoms that made so gay a show in the vestibule but on Thursday, and some amongst them may say, with almost broken heart, "It is impossible to begin again." What is the finance of the great fire? When the Exhibition was over the remov- able value of the material was about £20,000 or £30,000. It seemed a sin- for that paltry sum to sacrifice a structure that had cost a quarter of a million. So we kept the building, and saved office rent by using it for Government purposes. The official work has so increased of late, and so many new sub- departments have grown up, that there has been a great demand for additional office accommodation. The Government, which has long been a great landlord, be came a great tenant in the office quarter of the city, and snapped up vacant houses, greatly to the delight of owners who always got a good rent. The Garden Palace, therefore, seemed a sort of God-send. Here was office space enough and to spare. It was a regular trap, and the Government walked right into it. We have lost more than would have built a splendid pile of offices, and the money loss is more than we can at present accurately calculate. The trial surveys of the railways have cost £100,000, and the plans are all gone. The census papers are all lost. The Mining Department's Museum was worth £00,000, and the Technological Museum also represented a good sum. The Linnean Society has lost its collection, and the library of the late Rev. W. B. Clarke has also perished. What was in the building at the time of the fire was worth far more than the building itself. What, however, was most valuable were the records of the Lands Occupation Office. These have all gone at one fell swoop, and there are no duplicates from which they can be replaced. We may well ask why so much was placed on one risk, and why a much better watch was not kept over such valuable com- modities - In one hour more mischief has been done than can be replaced by years of labour. Is this prudent management? Those who thronged the vicinity of the fire yesterday were quick to discern that, terrible as was the calamity, it might, had a strong wind been blowing in the opposite direction, have had much more awful dimensions. Some of those houses in Macquarie-street are old ; they have passed through the heat of many semi-tropical summers, and the inflammable material in them would burn fiercely. Nothing could have saved them if the waves of heat and sheets of flame had been carried by the wind towards them. It was appalling to notice the old shingled roofs in the vicinity. No engine could have filled in Macquarie-street in the face of such a long huge wall of flame as the burning palace presented. All the fire extinguishing appliances in Australia, could they have been congregated for the occasion, would have been unavailing. And if that long row of houses opposite the palace had been ignited where would the conflagration have stopped ? There is a great deal of old Sydney mixed up with new Sydney in that part of the city, and old Sydney burns like match- wood. The disaster might indeed have been worse. It will possibly be weeks before the full extent of the loss will be realised, or even com- puted. In the talk of the town, the folly of the Government in placing almost innumerable documents of public value in so inflammable an edifice is strongly condemned. And certainly no condemnation can be excessive. Very few persons outside official circles have any idea of the extent to which the Government availed itself of the mere space of the palace. It is safe to say that no private firm would have been so silly! as to have risked an immense uninsured property in so senseless a fashion. Perhaps it is just as well that the loss falls almost entirely upon the public. The broad back of the community hardly bonds under it; but, if a number of individuals had been ruined, the disaster would have had a tragic element, which happily it lacks. And here it may be remarked that, find the building and its contents been insured, the colonial insurance societies would probably have been beggared, if not wrecked. All the case is, shareholders are thanking heaven that their investments were not consumed, Speculators in lane! along the proposed railway lines are wondering how far their " little games " have been spoiled by the destruction of the work of the railway surveyors and engineers. Surveyors are likely to be in great demand. An enormous amount of work will have to be done over again. Will the surveyors strike for higher salaries ? Nobody regrets that the asthmatic old organ in the gallery of the northern nave has been finally silenced. Seldom has the arrival of a costly musical instrument been anticipated with so much hope, or heard with so much disappointment. 