SPORTING ITEMS- ' The Waterloo Cup is said to bo a vory bad ' book this yoar; thero is ho great favorite, while 20 or 25. to 1 can: be bad about'-any' homiuation. > A good demand continuos for tbo two Golden . .Butterflies for Derby and Cup, and 100 to X is. now readily accopteu, \- iTh'ero is always a good deal of interest shown about " tho first horse eoratobod" for tlio Cup. This year it is Sardonyx, and no .wonder, considering his weight. This settling over, tbo lqta Birthday Cup ro- . mains very incomplete, and backers should bo .careful with .whom, thoy, transact business on the V.RiO. Spring Mooting. A Melbourne Cup aottling is, always a heavy transaction, requiring large sums of money on the part of tho bookmakers, .wbilo, both backora and' 'fjoldoraarooxpe'cted to bo'moro than uaually ' prompt. Bettor take shorter odds, and be snro of your monoy if you win. , ':i A good deal" of chaff ' was indulged iii over both in tho cricket (Australians v Ucntlemon) and football (Carlton' v Ceelong) matches of ' last week, in tho former tbo "clover division" laid 7 ' to 4 on the Gontlo- men, quito satisfied tbat, in this iustanco the Australians would be beaten.' In tbo latter; tbo bookmakers noarly always follow Carlton, but when against Coelong, they .woro not going to be "baa," 'so thoy deserted 'the Blues, and laid G to 4 freely ' on Gcolong, but thoy say thoy won't do it again, . LI tie reported that Tumult, who last wopk was first favorite for tbo Ladios' ' Trophy, boa gone-wrong Melbourne Cup : 100 to 5 la offered on tho ftiold, and at this prico wo quote Drummer, Sweet, William, Gudnrz, and Hereford Bay aB at tho head of the betting. ; , Ladies' Trophy : This event was rather frcoly operated upon, and sorao half dozen horses wore Bupportod for considerable sums. Wo quote Gbost 'and King's Head as tho fa- voritoa, whilst Liberator, Gonzago, and Vor duro are also in tho front rank. Amongst tho light weightB King Charles receives most attention. Wo quote tho following prices TUB LADIES' TROPHY. . 12 to 1 agst Tho Ghost . -i, ;i4 — l — King's lloaU t . .1-1 — 1 Libomtor . , 16 — 1 Gonzago ' ; io _ i — — TraiiBiorrcd io —;i — — Vonluro 18 — 1 Halileo otthollilis > 18 — 1 — Klug Clinrks 50 — 1 — Any olhord. 