V.R.C. A UTUMN MEETING. MelboprvE, Saturday. (FROM ova OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Trte weather was fav rib e forthe concluding day xi'-iin-i m^tinr a^hanab almost too warm for out of door amusement. The attendance at the course wis, however. ftffrnra liT^te, there being pmbiblv le_n th II 10,0)0 p !M-ns present all told Of coarse the AII-Kneland cricket match was, in a great theciwe flf th" I%pkof public pateooaffe In thn prwent case, and it wav rather a pity that tb« ra^r'i an • the races were thus bronrht into concurrence and comnetltion. Au iwe the racing was good, and a Tory excellent day's sp*»rt was enjoyed hy those present. The first event was the Second Nursery Handican. which was tiVen by Coulston, a rank outsider. Yancluse and Saionvs being bit companions in honorein that order. The next race w-s the Newmwket Hand! cap—the event par fxcrtUruz n£ the day—and In tbl* caie an unusual nmoiint of inte est in the c*t • test ex.-itod by the largeness «f the field, «« leas than tliirtv-seven horses hiring faced the starter. Onc» mire the laurels fell to an outsider- Hyacinth: Hespjirion, the f *vorite, and a hot on® too, he in:: lit-, rally nowhere. So laree was the number of horses veil up at the finish that the judges hid crtisiderable hesitation in placing the iwcnnd or third horses, hnt they eventually decided thtt Kuclid and Larpen*- had passed their bo* next f Hyicintb, in that order. The Town Plate fell to Commotion, who to»k the lead soon after the fall of the fl ig and ra< never caiuht; Wellington getting second Dlace an-l Progress third. For the All-wed Stakes, out of sixteen horses colored on the card, onlv four, namely. Allander, Solitude. Mistaken, an 1 Napoer Tandy entered into competition and they passed the judges'box at the finish in that or.ler Allander being landed an easy winner. The Steeplecb&-<e brought out a fine field ol nine horses. An ' after sn intere*tin2 contest, in whlrh. for a wonder, there was only one tumble, and that not a serious one the event terminated in an easy victory for Twilight, Chrysalis coming next, and. Lucy third The ra-c'inp was brought to a satisfactory rUvse with the Hin-licap for three and fouryear- olds, which sv won by Duchess. with Drummer second, and Waterloo a good third. His Kr«llency the Goreroor arrived sbortlv after one n'cuSck, and r-maine-1 the greater part of the aftercoon. The following are the details :— SKCOND NI7RSERT HANDICAP.—A sweep'takes of 6 B-.vs each, h ft, with 160 added. For two years (ltd. Seven furlongs Mr A. K. Finl Vsb c Coulstin. 7«t (Gainsford) MrV. Wentwmth'«bf Vauduse-fistlilbCBurton) 2 Mr T. Bro-vn'agcSlionara, 8st(Pigott) .. .. 3 The Other starters were—^ylvanus. Brilliant, Ki"S Of the Vale, Magnet. Sdnio. Onstwyck, Granville, JocVin-the-Oreen. Gardenia, Loiterer, Nul rjultv-. Treasure Trove. "Batting—2 to T Sylvanu«. 5 to I Silanaia and Treasure Tr.<»e, 7 to 1 to lOto 1 others. After a tro-xl start. Nulqulne was the first to show In front, with Gnstwvck next, and all othe-a well np. Vt the sheds and up to the turn Gostwycfc was leading, V«lquine having fallen back Jsck-ln-the- Gre*n. ^ylv inns, and Siionaxa all occupied good position*. At the distance Oostwyck was already clearly beaten, and roulston and Yananse In cominj into the straight passed all the rest, ana the former coming in an easy winner, beating Yauclose by tw„ l»nrt!», with Saionant a food third. Time, 1 min. 291 Kkwharkct Ha^picat.—1 handicap swuepstakes of SO s vs each, 10 ft, or S only U declared, with Sno added. Frft three yvars old aad upwards: The seron-1 borne to receive 50 son and tat third to sovs out of th* stake Three-quarters of a mile. Mr w. Pearann's hr h Hyacinth. 7st 61b (Trahar) . Mr n Hlimes'ch hTheOhost,7rt6lb(*UHams) 3Ir J. wtuttingham'* b h Larpent, art Sfb J (Muri«hv) .. • The following b3s-> »twtet:—Bathurst, rian, Somerset, Baron Von Mnel'er, Mulatto, .Co: reena. iR^ n't. Vik-ing. \Vestbnry. •nmon.'Drnmmer. Swe^t William. C ''re-^mP, Adventurer, Struck Oil. Conat-iution, Rlsmore, Tyropean, Oorinne, Spanish Mr, Gamecock, Cocknev. Asslbec. B-'ttfng—3 to 1 to 4 to 1 Hesperian, 6 to 1 Ghost, 8 to I L&rpent;, 12 to 1 Hyacinth. Th« la-se field of thtrty-seven starters, the largest ever known in Australia, was got off well together, and all flew awav vitb a tremendnnarush. Surrey, Somerset, and x'w'-et William seemed to h *ve a sli iht a 1 vantage at fir-t. hnt Hvadnth went upattho 'ar end of the grand -tand, closely tal- 1'twe.l liv The Ghost and I^rpent, the Brat-named twin* lauded a winner bjralenethand a hall. Gamecock w fourth. Time—1 min sec. TOWN PLITE — A sweepstakes of 10 sovs each, h. ft. For three vwars old and opwards. Weight for age fwith penalties). Maidens allowed Mb. The second horse t-> recave 100 sovs.. and the third CO sovs.. out of tbe stake Two miles. Mr B. Phillips' h c Commotion (i ang) Mr C r>. Baidock'sbrh Wellington (Batty) .... Mr W Branch's b h Progress (Moore) S The other starters sew Salisbury, Bathn bin. CorioL*nns, Sweet William, Pell Men, Clans. _ Betting-Even on Pell Mell, 5 to 1 Progrtaj, Weilington and Commotion. At the start Wellington jumped off with tbe lead, with Santa Claua aerond and Commotion thud. The last-named horse, however, soon assumed front position, with Progress and Sweet William following in that order. Commction, in the meantime, lengthened his lead, an-J although Wellington made a fine struggle for tbe mastery, all his efforts were in vain. Commotion winning by four lengths, with Wellington second, and Progress • good third Ttee—3 min. St sec. Ail. Agrd Stakes—\sweepstakes of 5 sovs each, 2 ft. with '00 adlel. Fjr 2-year-olds and upward*;. Weight for as" f-aenrils. Mr J. Morrison's cb c '-». 2 yrs (Sanders) MrF. DeMeslre'.bfSolituJ . ? m (Hales).... Mr W. Branch's h c Mistakon. 2 yr« (St. Albetfs) The onlv ot*ier starrer was Napprr Tandy. Betting—s to 1 on Solitude, 4 to 1 to 5 to 1 ag<t •nyihing else. SoiitaHe g-^t off with the lead, but was soon passad by Mi-r-iken. Allander kept near the ftimt, and the tlire- d -d a ereat part of the distanceneariyabreast. with Napper Tanriv half a dozen lengths behind. At tbe tun into the straight running. Allander cleverly forged ahead, gnt premier position: and won earilv bv about three lengths; Solitnde being eecon l, and Mistaken third. Time, 1 min. 45} sec. Stefplvchasr. —A handicap sweepstake* of lOsefrs each. h. ft., with 30ft added. The second hone to recive 50 *ov* and the third 25 son oat of the st«k««i Abont three miles. M'S. .Tu-tin ns b m Twilight list (ScnWe) Mr F a. Goyder's br m Chrysalis. ««t 71b (Ratty) Betting—0 to 4 Great Western. 4 to 1 otheii. Great Western led on the fall of the Sag, with Chrysali-i next, hnt at the turn Skylark went npaad cut out the running for tha next lialf-mile. with Twilight ani Great Western close hahinrf. Befote thela-tttirn was reached. TwQieht had assumed the lea-ferliin, cnmpantively little change having taken T>ive is the position of tbe others. Chrysalis and I.n v cam 0 up well at the finish, and ended second and thinl respectively. Twilight winning easily. Time. 6 rain. SSsec. HAVDIUP FOR TltREE AMI FOCtt-TKAS-OLD!; —A sweepatalrea nf to sovs.each, h.ft.. With 200 added Leg-r -ourse. W"*«vs SVee e Bms.' b m tiqHi% 7St (Hales) .. Mr F Wentworth's b c The Drummer, 7st Sib, (Riler* Mr T> S. Wallace's cb h Waterloo, 8st 21b, fn'Brien) The other B*artera were Chatterer. Crvsta!. The Marchi'-ne**. Mulatto. Koh-i-Noor, Besult, Ween, K'smore. and GlnnreSter. Mulatto wa» the fl**t to ahow In front, and made t h e vnnnine up to the torn Into the strafsht, when she f 11 hack an-i reaignetl to the T>nrh-*«s, who beat the DmmTjer bv a eonple of leneths, Waterloo making a fair third. Time, S min. 12} see. This event hronght the day's programme and the Autumn Meeting to a close. 