CHATTER VIII.' Lady Constantino then had the pleasure of beholding a waggon laden with packing-cases in the act of crossing the field towards the pillar; and not many days later,' Swithin, who had never come to the Great House since the luncheon, met her in a path which he knew to be one of her promenades. "The. equatorial is fixed and. the man gone," he said, half in doubt as to his speech, for her commands to him not to recognise her • agency or patronage still puzzled him. " I re spectfully wish—you could come and see it, Lady Constantine." " I would rather not—I cannot." > "Saturn is lovely; Jupiter is simply sub« lime. I can see double stars in > the Lion and in the Virgin where I had only seen a single one before. It is all I require to set me going!" " Is it so!—I'll come. But—you need say nothing about my visit. I cannot come to night, but I will some time this week. Yet only this once—to try the instrument; after wards you must be content to pursue your studies alone." Swithin seemed but little affected at this announcement. "Hilton and Pymn's man handed me the bill," he continued. "How much is it?" He told her. " And the man who has built the hut and dome, and done the other fittings, has sent in his." He named this amount also. " Very well. They shall be settled with. My debts must be paid with my money, which you shall have at once in cash, since a cheque would hardly do. Come to the house for it this evening. But no, no ! you must not come openly—such is the world. Come to the window—the window that is exactly in a line with the long snowdrop bed in the north front, at eight to-night, and I will give you what is necessary." "Certainly, Lady Constantine," said the' young man respectfully. At eight that evening accordingly Swithin entered like a ghost upon the terrace to seek out the spot she had designated. The equa torial had so entirely ^absorbed his thoughts that he did not trouble himself to seriously conjecture the why and wherefore of her secrecy. If he earnestly thought of it he set it down in a general way to an intensely generous wish on her part not to lessen his influence among the sparse inhabitants by making him appear the object of patronage. While he stood by the long snowdrop bed which looked upon him like a nether milky way, the French casement of the window opposite softly opened, and a hand bordered by a glimmer of lace was stretched forth, from which he received a crisp little parcel— bank notes apparently. He knew the hand, and held it long enough to press it to his lips —the only form which had ever occurred to him of expressing his gratitude to her with out the encumbrance of clumsy words—a vehicle at the best of times but rudely suited for such delicate merchandise. The hand was hastily withdrawn, as if the treatment had been unexpected. Then, seemingly moved by second thoughts, she bent forward and said, " Is the night good for observations ?" "Perfect." "Then I'll come to-night. It makes no difference to me, after all. Wait just one moment." He waited, and she presently emerged muffled up like a nun, whereupon the left the terrace and struck across the path together. Very little was said by either till they were crossing the fallow, when he asked her if his arm would help her. She did not take the offered support just then, but when they wei'e ascending under the heavy gloom of the fir trees she seized it, as if rather influenced by the oppressive solitude than by fatigue. Thus they reached the foot of the column, ten thousand spirits in prison seeming to grasp their griefs from the funeral boughs overhead, and a few twigs scratching the pillar with the drag of impish claws as tenacious as those figuring in St. Anthony's temptation. " flow intensely dark it is just here!" she whispered. "I wonder you can keep in the path. Many ancient Britons lie buried here, doubtless." He led her round to the other side, where, feeling his way with his hands, he suddenly left her, appearing half a moment after with a light. "What place is this?" she exclaimed. " This is the cabin," said he, and she could just discern the outline of a little house not unlike a bathing-machine without wheels. "I have kept lights ready here, as I thonght you might come any evening, and possibly bring company." ■ Don t quarrel with me for coming alone, she exclaimed with a sensitive promptness, "There are reasons for what I do of which you know nothing." "Perhaps it is much to my discredit that I don't know," " Not at all, you are all the better for it. God forbid that I should enlighten you. Well, I see this is the hut. But I am more curious to go to the top and make discoveries." "He brought a little lantern from the cabin, and lighted her up the winding stair case to the temple of the sublime mystery on whose threshold he stood as a priest. The top of the column was quite changed. The tub-shaped space within the parapet, formerly open to the air and sun, was now arched over by a light dome of lathwork covered with felt. But this dome was not fixed. At the line where its base descended to the para pet there were half-a-dozen iron balls, pre cisely like cannon shots, standing loosely in a groove, and on these the dome rested its whole weight. In the side of the dome was a slit, through which the wind blew and the North Star beamed, and towards it the great telescope was directed. This latter magnifi cent object, with its circles, axes and handles complete, was seemingly fixed in the middle of the floor. "But you can only see one part of the sky through that slit," said she. The astronomer stretched out his arm, and the whole dome turned horizontally round, running on the balls with a rumble like that of near thunder. Instead of the star Polaris, which had been peeping in upon them through the slit, there now appeared the faces of Castor and Pollux. Swithin then manipu lated the equatorial, and put it through its capabilities in like manner. She was enchanted, and, being rather excit able, she even clapped her hands just once. She turned to him, "Now are you happy ?" "But it is all yours, Lady Constantine." "At this moment. But that's a defect which can soon be remedied. When is your birthday!" "Next month—the seventh." "Then it shall be yours—a birthday pre sent." The young man protested ; it was too much. "No, you must accept it all—equatorial, dome, stand, hut, and everything that has been put here for this astronomical purpose. The possession of this apparatus would only compromise me. Already they are reputed to be yours, and they must be made yours. There is no help for it. -"If ever"—here her voice lost seme firmness—"if ever you. go. away from me, from this place I mean, and marry, and settle in a new home elsewhere for good,* you must take these things, equatorial and ail, and never tell how they came to be jours." "I wish I could do something more for you!" exclaimed the much-moved astronomer. "If you would but share my fame—supposing I get any, which I may die before doing—it would he a little compensation. As to my going away and marrying, I certainly shall not. I may go away, but I shall never marry." "Why not?" . "A beloved science is enough wife for me, combined, perhaps, with a little warm friend ship with one of kindred pursuits." " Who is the friend ?" " Yourself, I should like it to be." "You would have to become a woman before I could he that, publicly, or I a man," she replied, with dry melancholy. "Why a woman, dear Lady Constantine?" "I cannot explain. No; you must keep your fame and your science all to yourself; and I must keep my—troubles." Swithin, to divert her from melancholy, not knowing that in the expression of her melancholy thus and now she found much pleasure, changed the subject by asking if they should take some observations. "Yes; the scenery is well hung to night," she said, looking out upon the heavens. Then they proceeded to scan the sky, roving from planet to star, and from single stars to double stars, from double to colored stars in the cursory manner of the merely curious. They plunged down to that (at other times) invisible stellar multitude in the back rows of the celestial theatre, remote layers of constella tions, whose shapes were new and singular— pretty twinklers" which for infinite ages had spent their beams without calling forth from a single poet a single line, or being able to bestow a ray of comfort on a single benighted traveller. "Andto think," said Lady Constantine, " that the whole race of shepherds since the beginning of the world—even those immortal shepherds who watched near Bethlehem— should have gone into their graves without knowing that for one star that lighted them in their labors there were ten as good behind trying to do so ! I have a feeling for this instrument not unlike the awe I should feel in the presence of a great magician in whom I really believed. Its powers are so enor mous, and weird, and fantastical that I should have a personal fear in being with it alone. ' Music drew an angel down,' said the poet; hut what is that to drawing down worlds. I often experience a kind of fear of the sky after sitting in the observing chair a long time. And when I walk home after wards 1 fear it, for what I know is there but cannot see, as one naturally fears the pre sence of a vast something that only reveals a very little of itself. That's partly what I meant by saying that magnitude,jwhich up to a certain point has grandeur, has beyond it the quality of ghastliness." Thus the interest of their sidereal observa tions led them on, till the. knowledge that scarce any other human vision was travelling within a hundred million miles of their own gave them such a sense of the isolation of that faculty as almost to be a sense of isolation as regarded their whole personality, causing a shudder at its absoluteness. _ At night, when human discords and harmonies are hushed, in a general sense, for the greater part of twelve hours, there is nothing to moderate the blow with which the infinitely great—the steller universe—strikes down upon the infinitely little—the mind of the beholder; and thii was the case now. Having got closer to im mensity than their fellow-creatures, they saw at once its beauty and its frightfulness. They more and more felt the contrast between their own tiny magnitudes and those among which Ihey had recently plunged, till they were oppressed with the presence of a vastness they could not cope with, even as an idea, and which hung about them like a nightmare. He stood by her while she observed; she by him when they changed places. Once that Swithin's emancipation from a trammel ling body had been effected by the telescope, and he was well away in space, she felt her iufluence over him diminishing to nothing. He was quite unconscious of his terrestial neighborings, and of herself as one of them. It still further reduced her towards sim plicity. The silence was broken only by the ticking of the clockwork which gave diurnal motion to the instrument. To expect that he was ever voluntarily going to end the pause by speech was apparently futile. She laid her hand upon his own. He started, withdrew his eye from the telescope, and brought him self back to the earth by a visible effort. " Do come out of it!" she coaxed, with a softness in her voice which any man but Swithin would have felt to be exquisite. " I feel that I have been so foolish as to put in your hands an instrument to effect my own annihilation. Not a word have you spoken for the last ten minutes." " I have been mentally getting on with my great theory. I hope soon to be able to pub lish it to the world. What, are you going ? I will walk with you, Lady Constantine. When will you come again 1" " When your great theory is published to the world." ( To be continued.) 