EUROPEAN AND AMERICAN BREVITIES. Courisii skins arc now ueciI lo moke gloves. Wilkic Collins is nt Torquay suflermg Bcverely from rlieunia'ism. Who is lo decide wlien doctors disagree. The undertaker, of course. It Is claimed for a certain Boston bank tl.at it lias ten tons of gold in its vault?. Tlie eruption of Mouut Vesuviasison tlie increase. Jewish exiles from Russia arc. arriving in Chicago faster than they can be cared for. Tlie Marquis of Lome will continue to govern Canada for three years longer. London Times says the lime musl arrive when the weak Central American countries will be rbsorbed into the United States. Sara Bernhardt is studying English twili a view to reluming to the United Slates and playing Shakspercan charac ters. Latest reports from Peru indicate that the whole interior is broken up into local factions warring against each other. '1'lie Temple of Longevity, the largest and riehest monastery in South China, has been burned by a mob. A new law in Kansas forbids any person marrying within six months after procur ing a divorce. Nearly 2500 new buildiDgs have been ciccted in Chicago last year, at an aggre gate cost of 47,O0U,000 dols. lliss Leoua Horn, of Peru, Xeb., has n head of hair sixty- eight inches in length and has refused oUO. dols for her trensure. A Lapicr athlete wants to wres'le some one ' grccy roman style.' He had belter wrestle with aspelling-book first. M iss Yanderbilt's wedding dress had a train fifteen feet long, and it wasn't a narrow gauge train either. Mdlle. Bernhardt is in failing health, but declines lo quit the stage even at the solicitation of her physician. Wagner, the composer, will visit London in April io conduct the reheorsals of the ' Neibeliingen' in person. President Arthur keeps his wife's picture which hangs in the White House wreathed with flowers, which are renewed daily. ror ins nrsi- operation on me x-ri-siui-m. last summer Dr. Agnew's bill is 500u dols , and for his other medical attendance 27,0u0. 3 lie boy who held a deer by the tail in ihe water unlil it was drowned lives at Indian River. It was cither a short deer or a long tail. Captain Howgale, who occujii- s a cell in the same jail with Guiteau, was allowed lo go home under guard and cat Christ inas tuikey with his family. A speculative young ui.in in Maine uougni up an ine pews in a cimiitii, gui up ii ivligiuus excitement, and sold oul al an advance of iiUO dols. A petrified nlligalor nearly six feel ill length is said lo have been found in .solid rock, twenty feet under ground, iu a quarry two miles from Saratoga Springs. The Nihs girls gel their beaux to vac cinate them. It alleviates the pain won derfully lo have the loved ones see what beautilnl arms they have. Blissfield has a uoniun who docsu't want to vote and doebn'l believe iu woman's lights, yel earns a livelihood by sawing wood with a bucksaw. The eceeulric King Louis of Bavaria has suddenly disappeared from his capital, and detrctivcs are slurrying around in search of the missing monarch. Mr. and Mrs. Eli M'Dougall, 'of Paw Paw, fouud a basketful of baby upon their doorstep a few day6 ago. It was just what lliey wanted. Chrisly, the negro minstrel leader, left i au estate of about 200,000 -!ols., but it has been reduced by litigation to35,UU0 dols., which has been awarded to the heirs of his widow. John Ji. Ingrahani, at Huntington county, Pa., miner, placed a can of dyna mite ou the stove lo dry. Tho place where lie lived with his wife and four children is now indicated by a large hole in the ground. Kaglr-, u Ni'Z Pcrcc Indian, having the sinall.pox, find being deserted by his tribe, calmly dug bis own grave, lay down in it and died. This story comes from Lewislon, ludalio. Robert Hall's criticism upon Dr. Chal mers iu equally applicable lo many a modem divine: 'His luiud seems to move ou hinges, not on wheels ; there is incessant motion, but no progicss.' The weather in England, as in this country, is remarkably mild. Riperasp berries and strawberries arc reported in the Isle of Wight, and song birds and wild (loners in parts of Kent. At JSuston, Pa., one day last week, the Glendon Iron Company touched off a blast to charge wliicii required ten tons of powder. Foity thousand tons of solid ] roek limestone weio broken into frag- j uients by the explosion. ] Dnninire, tho husband of Guiteau's divorced wife, who stood by her side with his hand on his hip pocket while she was giving her test'mony, says he would have ended the trml nt once had Guiteau offered her any insult. Great Biitain employs in underground occupations no fewer than 37S,151 per sons, and tho length of tho gallery where the mining is carried on is found to be 58,744 miles. The greatest depth of the coal mines is 2,S00 feet below tlie level of the sea. L, von Faber, of Faber pencil celebrity, has been made a baron by the king of Bavaria. He has a large factory at Stein near Nuremberg, also mills at Cedar Reyes. Florida, where ced.u- logs are worked np for export to be used in pencil making. A New York firm isiinportitig potatoes from Scotland, and shipping them to the mining districts of Pennsylvania, where they are sold at a profit. One hundred tons arrived ou Saturday, and 1000 tons are soon to follow. What is believed to be the largest sicnm boiler in the world has just jeen buih at Wiesentlial, in the grand duchy of Baden. It weighs forty tons, and the builder celebrated its completion by giv the workmen a lunch insido of it, thiity persons sitting down lo me lame. The matrimonial boom at Niles still continues, and there isn't a mariiageable woman left there who is utterly without hope. The fatal wave of afi'ection has carried some oil their feet who were sup posed to lie most firmly anchored in the calm bay of confirmed old maidenhood. A split one dollar bill was recently passed on a firm at Colorado Springs, and subsequently thcolhei- half was presented at a bank aud refused. It is the first instance known of a fibre bill being split, and the p.iocess by which it was eflccted remains a myslery. A hawk and snake were captured near Abliene, Kansas, under singular circum stances. The hawk was holding the snake's head in its talons so that it could not escape, and the snake was coiled about the hawk's wing so that it could not llv. Both weic alive. According to the official report of Frank II. Titus, United Slates commer cial agint in Quatemala, some enterpris ing Yankee has sent a cargo of skates lo be sold in that country, where the natives go without clothing all the year round. He evidently thinks they should have something to wear. Fred Kolhoff, of Saginaw, tied one end of a halter to his cow's horn, aud the other to his left wrist, and instead of Fred leading the cow she led Fred, smashing his shoulder and making hitn fill a forty-acre swamp full of howls and German imprecatioi £, A man up in North Star. Gratiot county, tied a sheet about him, and went forth one dark night to scare a certain small boy. The boy did not scare much, but filled his pockets full of stones ami pelted the ghoft during half a mile of hard running. The ' ghost isn't well' this week. A country hoy upon coming to see tho «i-rbts iris taken hv n. town friend to see the theatre. When the lights were down aud the play had commenced he was handed an opera glass. Exam mining it as closely as the darkness of the place would permit, he placed it to his lips aud turned it upwards. Finding that no liquid was coming out of it, he handed it back in despair, saying : ' It's empty, John; there's no' a single drap in't.'' 