TURF TOPICS AND ANTICIPATIONS- By Asjiodeus. To-day Iho members ami supporters of tho Melbourne Hunt Club intoml' to bold bigli car nival at Flemington.' A fairly attractivo pro- grammo has boon provided for the occasion, and should the cleric of the elements obanee to bo in nu agrceablo mood thcro 13 every prospect ot par ticipating in an enjoyable afternoon's sport. Pro ceedings will be initiated witli tbo Hurdlo Race, for which Rhesus, who bus had tbo pen drawn through .his name, heads the list at 11 st. 12 lb., or exactly a stone moro thou he carried to victory on tho occasion of bis last appearance at Canl- ficld. Glcnorvau is weighted at 5 lb. less, but ho has fallen oft in condition ' lately, and I doubt his ability to repeat the Goelong trielc. Rod Rover is allotted a goodly burden in list. 41b., and lahonld prefer the chances of P.O. at 11 St., tho latter being in tolerably good form at tbo present time. Trovallyn, 10 st. -1 lb., is an un tried porformor over tho sticks, consequently it will be woll to leave bim in abeyance. In tbo same stable as 1\G, nro Annie Laurie, 10 st. 2 lb,, andDundroary, 10st., bpth of whom aro entitled to respect, and lower down the list I liko nothing in preference to Flambeau and Blue Boll. The lost named has been doing grand work recently, and it would appear as if her new pnrchaser intends to recoup himself for tho longish price ho paid for her. All things considered I sbaltclcct to standby BLUE BELL, and regard Glcnorvan and Red Rover as her most dangerous rivals. . Van Tromp ought to appropriate tho Amateur Hurdlo Race, whilo Kanaka reads tho correct thing for tho Selling Raco. Of tho IS. .weighted for the Hunt Club Cup Baby, Barcoo, Hector and Edith Bhouldhold tho remainder of the field pretty safe, and provided HECTOR . takes it into his hoadtogo straight I shall ex pect to boo him come home in tho van. Tho Blying Stakes will in all probability attract a largo field of two-year-olds to tho post, of whoso form very lltilo can be known up to tho present. Of the youngstors now in training at Flcmington nothing bWpo bettor than tho South Australian pair, Doluaion and Laplander, tho first named of which is a particularly smart filly, hut has lately been troubled with a bit of a cough, Neverthe less, I am of opinion that . DELUSION will take a doal of beating, nnd next to her I in- clino to Honora, who is another very smart young lady. Bat for the knocking about to which Euehro was subjected nt Ballarat his cla'uhs for tho Steeplechase would have been superior to any, and in bis absence I shall look to either STAG or ERIN . : to furnish tho winnor, tho formor for choice. Rcspito, Verdure and .Wizard appear to bo tbo boat treated trio in tho Handicap Flat Race, and as tho iastnamod is a wonderfully improved horse, I anticipate soeing him victorious over a distance — ono milo — ho is thoroughly master of. l'ho picturesquo courso at Bowling Forest was the scene of some interesting sport last week in connection with tho jumping business. Un doubtedly tho feature of tbo two days' cross country events was tbo sweeping of tbo decks on the part of Tommy Wilson's stable, which was to tbo fore with Left Bower, Spring, Clansman and Kathleen. It is a singular fact,, and ono which tends to exemplify the perfection to which it is possible to reduce tbo ordinary risks of tho jump ing department, that odds were laid on tbo first liamed three, and that the plucky layers of such odds were never tho least uneasy with regard to tho result. All Wilson's horses had a good pull as regards condition, in addition to which thoy. proved themselves an fait in ncgotitttingtho stiff timber which' marks the Dowljng. Forest' course. Loft Bouor has now provod himself beyond doubt to be a regular Triton among tho steeplechasers of the presont day, whilo in Clansman find Spring the stable possesses two animals who aro in ovcry way qualified to gain distinction over Fleming- ton.'1 Tho flat racing decided 1 at tho re cent moo tings of the Ballarat Tarf and Hunt clubs is deserving of but littlo. coinraont. Tho separate defeats of Tho Hebrew and Britisher ranked conspicuously among tbo surprises of tbo ; mooting. Tho Hebrew's friends mighthavo bccu saved ' their sorrow but for Walker's inferior display of horsemanship in making ovory post the goal. 'Without desiring to mako any dis tasteful comparisons, Mnrpliy, 011 tho contrary, rode a splendid raco'on tho unreliable Rcspito, and patiently biding bis time ho fairly settled the South Australian roprcsentativo with an excel lently, timed run. Notwithstanding tho extrava gant odds of 3 to 1 laid on Britisher for tbo Ladies' Bracelet ho failed to mako any attempt <0 cut down Constollation, who jumped away with the lcad and maintained it to tho end. Tbo favorite did not look near so well as ho did ut Bandwick a month ago, and was evidently out of form ; othcrwiso bo should have been ablo to con cede. 9 lb., to an inferior performer liko. Con-, sthllation. Although trotting is as yot only in its infancy hero, I am afraid its progress is net going to be very marked,. i'.cM '.judging from the attendances and . character of the meetings already hold under, tho auspices, of tho now Trotting Club at Elstornwick. : Tho attendnneo on Saturday was miserable in tho extreme, while tho sport itself was of such ..a contradictory description that tbo, public, aro loath to countenance such "in nnd out" exhibitions. Tho samo " glori ous uncertainty " adhorod to both of tho items which comprised tho afternoon's bill of faro. Odds of 10 to i wcro laid on Maid of Mona for tbo .Maiden Trot,. but sho could do no moro thanwin.orio boat, Bella, a rough diamond from tho country, fairly walking in for tbo otbor two. Native Cat similarly disappointed those who laid a shade of odds on hira for the tlnco minute- class, won by Leithamstcad, who ran very in differently in tho oponing boat, but experienced no difficulty in afterwards settling tho claims of Fright with comparative case. Thus ended a very moderato afternoon's sport. I beliovoitis tho intention of the promoters of the Trotting Club- to introduco now features in their futuro programmes, notably tho insertion of fiat racing, hurdlo and stcoplochasing. As tho liUternwick courso is admirably adapted for more popular business of this description, the proposed new de parture is likely to provo a much more pro- noanced success than that of trottiug, a pastime whoso attractions Victorians hnvo thus far shown themselves but slow to appreciate. ; Tho weights for tho handicap events to"' bo decided at tho approaching meeting of' tho Vic- toria Amateur Turf Club wore made known by Mr. Barnard at tho commencement of tho '.week, anil bavo since formed the subjoct of oareful perusal. Tho handicappor has piled it freely on to thoso who form tho loading division in the Toorak Handicap, of one mile. Tho Assyrian, at 8st. Gib., is the first name I como to which sounds ; liko n winning ohanco ; whilo lower down tho list Uuuarz, 8 st. ; Tho Ghost, 7 st. 11 lb. ; Wizard, 7 st. 8 lb. ; Stockdalo, 7 st. f lb. ; Tho Hebrew, 6 st, 13 lb.; and Robert tho Bcvil, Gst. 11 lb., strike me as being those most leniently handled. Chrysalis, 12sL 121b. ; Starlight, 12 st. 71b ; Erin, 12 st. 51b.; and Edith, list. 0 lb., should hold the rest of tho field safo for tho Amateur Challenge Cup. Dhurringilo, who beads tbo poll in tho First Handicap Hurdlo Raco, is. called upon to meet Rhesus on 13 lb. bettor terms than when the latter last clipped his wings af- Caul- fiold, anil between them I think tbo two liig guns will have lots moro to say on the day than the romaindor of tho multifarious small fry of which. the handicap is composed. Notwith standing the crusher of 13st. -1 lb. Loft Bower is so vastly superior to tho steeplechasers of tho present day that there is no knowing what ho is yet capablo of accomplishing, and for this reason ho has only to see tho post to ho made a favorito for tho very first raco for which ho is asked to start. Euchre, list. 31b.; Spring, 10 st. .12 lb.; and Kanaka, Ost. 71b., appear to hold tho best chances among the others. Training operations at Flemington are gradn- . ally assuming interesting proportions. Watchers on tho track side nro on the daily increase, and tbo greatost attention is being paid tot tbo move ments of tho bottor-thought-of favorites for tbo spring ovonts. As yot thero has been an absence of "swallow catching" ; still some of the teams have treated tho touts to a fow notablo perform ances. Mr. Seville's tactics hnvo been tho prin cipal theme of conversation with tho habitues, and judging of tbo South Australian trainer's movements ho is determined to load them a merry life of it. Out before daylight ono morning, and after breakfast work on tho next, has boon his line of conduct during the week, so that tho toots are for over in a stato of uncortaintywith respect to tho visita of his im posing team. Now, however, that tbo cognoscenti of the Flemington track aro fairly on tho war path nothing that Mr. Saville or anybody ciso chooses to do at head- quarters will ho allowed to go unobserved, no mattor whether it be at day break, noon or night. During my recont peregrinations at hoad- quartcrs nothing has picasod me better than tho Tosmanian representative Btockwcll, wbo per formed ono of tho best gallops of the season on Tuesday morning. He is a rare goer, and pro vided be cau stay lie will provo bard to boat for the Mclboiirno Cup. at 7 st. 51b. Mr. Dakin's pair Darebin and Fryingpan are also in rare buckle. Until Tuesday morning I held a favorable esti mation of tho Darby colt Ironmaster, but after seeing him ncgotiato tho Derby distance in com pany with Larperit and Attache I hail reason to alter my opinion;' . 'Joo Morrison possesses a for midable quartotto in The Czar, Commotion, Tre- vallyn nnd Aliander, ' all of which aro doing famously. Wizard, Prattle, King of tho Vale, Prometheus, Ilobai't, Mistake, Footstep and Bagot are making satisfactory progress among tbo remaining horses located at Flemington. On Wednesday morning Mr. Savillo com menced operations by giving Prometheus and Tho Hebrew, a milo (latter in the dark, ono horso finishing three lengths in advanco of tho other, but as there wa3 no daylight to enlighten tho scene it was Utterly impossible to distinguish one from tbo other. Furthermore, no ono took tho time but Mr. Savillo himself, who, after starting tho pair at the milo post, rode across tbo flat in time to nick them as thoy finished. Shortly afterwards Savanaka cams out unattended and ran a milo in 1 min. 50sec., tho old groy moving with something of his former freedom. Mr. S. G. Cook next sent his Derby colt Angclsey a milo and a bait in company with- Adventurer, whom ho beat easily, .and covored Itbo ilistaneo in 2 min. 50J sec. This performance was subsequently oclipsod by Fryingpan, who traversed tbo same ground without assistance in 3 sec. lass time, finishing like a lion.' This is far and away tho best gallop done at Flomington this year. Tho only other noteworthy, spin of tho morning was performed by Darebin, who rattled oneo round the tan track in the, excellent timo of 1 min. 5-1-i sco. . : It is with regret that I havo to record tho death of young Gcorgo Wilson, ' who succumbed on Friday night, to the injuries ho rccoived . whilst riding Kathleen for tho Maiden Steeple chase at Dowling Forest. Tho deceased; who was tho second son of Mr. T. Wilson,' was a well- behaved lad, nnd.it is to bo regretted 'that his first attempt ovor tbo big fences should bavo terminated so. fatally. A local paper remarks that tlip remains of tho deceased were interred in tbo cemetery at Pound-hill on'Sunday lost. Tho funeral cortcgo was tho largest that lias been soon in the district for many years, comprising about -70 vehicles and ''over 50' horsomcn. Amongst those who followed tho hearso woro Judge Trench, Mr. D.' Brophy; M.L.A.,Mr. Agar Wynno, Mr. James Baird, Mr. Gibbiogs, Mr. D. M'Phail ; tho members of tho Hunt and Tnrf Club "committees, and nearly all the leading Uniting men of. Ballarat. Amongst tbo monr- ncrs woro .tho cmployis of Mr. T. Wilson, all of whom seemed to feel acutely . the loss of their young and promising companion. Tho pall- boarers were' -Messrs. Corrigan, ' Dyke, llolgalo, Miller, M. Loughlin, Do Lancy Forth, R. Orr and J. M'Kollar. A touching spectacle was witnessed during the reading of tho burial service, a number of children bringing to the grave a quantity of floral offerings in token of respect for tho memory of tbo deceased... O11 Saturday afternoon last, when turfites and sporting inon generally were directing their, attention to trotting matters at Elstornwick, Mr. Saville, who is ever on the qui vise to gain a march on tho touts, took advantage of tho opportunity to send The Assyrian a genuine go on tho Flemington training ground. Tho gallop was a perfectly satisfactory ono, tho trial nags being Prometheus,- First Water and Footstep. My informant gives mo the timo as 2 min. 17 sec. for a milo anil a half, which must bo taken as a splendid performance on tbo outside track. On tho.strongtb of this it is not surprising that tho SoutliAustralian contingent havesinecreadily pnt up tiie dollars on his behalf. .The committed of tho Victoria Amatour Tnrf Club intend to inaugurate a now system in refer ence to'letting tbo catering in the. paddock at Caul field. Instead of calling for tenders from meeting- to meeting, as hitherto, the rights of supplying refreshments, luncheons, &c.;, will bo let for twelve months.' Tenders . requiro to be in the secretary's hands to-day , (Saturday). A few days ago a certain member of tho ring gave the following twenty horses against the field in the Caulfield Cap for a coupio of ponies : —Sting, Santa Clans, Canary, Creswick, Surrey, Prattlo, Transferred, Little Jack, Saionara, Ver dure, Mistaken, Anglesey, Coulstoun, Bryan O'Lynn, Wcstbury, Jim Tyson, Darebin, First Water, Napper Tondy and The Gem. The annual general meeting of the Victoria Amateur Tnrf Club is announced to bo bold on Monday next. Tbo retiring committee men are Messrs. D. S. Wallace, A. R. Blackwood, H, Fisher and J. M'Millan. Tho following names havo been snbmittcd to fill tho vacancies : — Messrs. G. 0. Fonner, C. D. O'HaUoran and Dr. Fitzgerald. I am glad to notico that the suggestion which I throw ont lost week with regard to re-plonghing the old track inside tbo courso proper at Fleming- ton has been expeditiously acted upon. Tho tiller hns been busily at work daring tbo week, and trainers liavo reason to feel gratified for the readiness with which their requirements have been attended to. Elsowhero will be found our customary list of horses in training at the various head centres of tho turf. The Flemington division will bo largely increased as' trainers' lots continue to arrive from New South Wales and other lo calities. Mr. T. Ivory is said to have parted ownership with Jim Tyson and Gamecock. They aro evi dently not tho material out of which Masquerade coups are manufactured. Frying Fan performed a very satisfactory gaRop at Flemington on Saturday morning last. Ho ran round the outer track in 3 min. 33 sec., carrying about 8 st. Tho performance quite captivated the touts, and during the day a strong inclination set, in to support bim for tho V.R.C. Derby, his price shortening to 12 to 1 in tho evening. He has since been consistently sup ported at tbo same .figures. Mr. F. F. Dakin has been obliged to caso Magnet in his work during the week in consc- qncnco of the colt unfortunately getting cast in his box on Sunday last. I am informed on reliable authority that tbo much fancied Derby outsider Boolka is showing symptoms of tempor at Craigieburn, and that bis condition is on tbo decline in consequence. Ho is rapidly earning tho reputation of being a " wastor." \- Thoso owners of horses who are intorcstod in tho Mnribyrnong Plato would do well to bear in mind that the first forfeit of 5 boys, must bo declared boforo four o'clock on Monday lioxt. Tho 2 sovs. forfeit for tho Mores' Produce Stakes falls duo at the same timo and place. : Respite broke away with bis boy at Fleming- ton on Monday morning, arid became treated to a severe doing on tho tan track. After compet ing in tho Handicap Flat Race at Fleming ton this afternoon. ho will bo. handed, over to his now owner. Scgenhoc is rcportod to he rapidly on the im prove, arid a strong inclination has been mani fested in his favor daring tho last fow days ; 7 to 1 would bo nccopted to somo tune about tho disgTacod Maribyrnong Plate champion. Messrs. W. C. Yuillo and Co. report having sold on account of Mr.. J. Rcdforn, tbo brood moro Kitchcumaiil, by Yclverton from Saucepan ' (imp.), the dam of Haricot, Zambosi, Mercury and Fryingpan ; on account of Mr. C. B. Fisher, tho three-year-old filly by Rawdon from Lady Pantaloon, by Tom King from Marchionoss (dam of Angler), to Mr. A, Sclman; on account of Mr. M'C'aughan, Panacea, by Panic from Lilly (Scan- ' rial's dam), with a filly foal by Spark, to Mr. J. Cripps ; and a four-year-old maro by Argus Scandal from Panacea, to Mr. Albert Sclman. Mr. W. E. Dakin has addressed a letter to the Adelaido press, in which ho contradicts' tho rumor wliicti has gained currency, to the effect that Bassanio ran in shoes for tho South Aus tralian Derby. Mr. Dakin says tho colt wore light stocl plates as a protection for bis delicate feet. Kathleen, who was the cause of yonng Wilson's death in tlie Maiden Soeplcchoso nt Dowling Forest last week, has also succumbed to tho in-: juries received on that lamentable occasion. Glad Tidings hiis Icon sold to go to India. Tbo U-.Uliirat Courltr rooontly published a statoment to tb'o . effect that Mr. R. Howie, tho woll known Dowling Forest trainer, had been con signed to a iuuatie asylum in New South Wales. Air. Howio has since sorved the proprietors of tho Courier with a writ for £20U0 as compen sation for tho injustica done through the circul ation of each an unfounded statement. 1 Suwarrow walked away from tho Flomington training ground very lame oa Wednesday morn ing, and later in tbo day both ho and his stable companion Grand Ducboss wore scratched for nil ' their spring engagements, . Volumo II. -of' tho Australian Stud Book; 1 compiled by Air. Archibald Yuillo, bas now lefl : tho publisher's hands, and is in readiness for . distribution. Tho work has assumed bulky pro portions, and is alike u credit to the Australian turf as well as tho compiler, who has received valuable assistance from Mr. F. F. Dakin. Tha last named gentleman has rendered signal scrvieo in furnishing information with respect to raco- horses imported from England in tho early days of tho colonies. The work is one of especial merit, and contains a vast amount of mattor omitted in tho first volume issued about foar years ago. Besides the voluminous pagesdevoted to brood marcs and their produce, tho fullest par ticulars are given of all tho thoroughbred stal lions imported to Australia, also Arab stallions. Then thero are given a number of coiouial-brcd stallions and racohorsc3 of the present day, whose dams aro not included in tbo recognised . "list of brood mares, tbo whole boing supple- : mented by over 110 tabulated pedigrees. No pains or expense has been spared in placing tho volume before the- public in a readable form, and the library of oyery. Australian sportsman : will be wanting in completeness if devoid of Mr. ' Ynilio'a ablo 'production." Tho cost of bringing . ont such a work must be enormous, and jn ordor to ensure its future publication a liberal bestowal of public patronage will become nocossary. All that Air. Yuillo has dono has been offectcil in tha interests of' tho turf,, and it behoves every racing clnb throughout tho length and breadth of tha" ' Australian colonics to properly subsidise,, accord- ' ing to their respective means, tho maintenance " of such an iuvaluablo record .of chronological facts relating to tho history nnd antecedents of ' Australian racehorses. ' Tlio Y.R.C. has already Bhown the iniiiatiyc in a manner/but for an in- " Btitutionof its standing and affluent) it can well ; afford to ho more liberal in espousing so ucscrv- : ing an object a3 tho maintenance of a national stud book. Air. AY. E. Dakin leaves -Adelaide to-day (Sa- tnrriay) in charge of Sir Thomas Elders string, ' consisting of Guesswork, Bassanio, Baron Yon . Mueller, Tyropoan, Achilles, Alonsoon and Fa- dolmu. Air. Dakin will as usnsl take up hi3 quarters at the Laurel Hotel, Flemington. Sir. Blackler, of South Australia, appears to have been so well pleased with Richmond that ha made Mr. Eli Jellett an offer for the purchase of tho horso right out, and I behove satisfactory torms were thereupon agreed to. R. Howio arrived from Sydney on Monday last, accompanied by Suwarrow, Lothair, Kanaka, Kohinoor, Ericthonous, Gipsy King, Chlorico anil Moyong. Tho team aro located at tho Junction Hotel, Mooneo Ponds, and will mako Flomington ' their head training quarters untilafter tho V.R.O. Spring Alecting. Intelligence arrived from Sydney at tho com mencement of tho week to the effect that Cunno- mnlla had performed tho boat gailop over knowll atllandwick, but that ho pulled- up lame. Ho bas since boon a trifle easier in the market. Cnnnomnlla, Saionara, Brian Boru and Stock- dale arrived from Sydney yesterday in charge of Tom Brown. Air. Fonnclly has arrived safely at Albnry, with Scgenhoe, Hccla, Ac., and is ox-; pccted to roach Flemington on Atonday. > Tbo soparato toams of Alcssrs. E, Bo Alcstro and T- Ivory leave Sydney next week. The system of licensing bookmakers initiatod by the V.R.C. has been adopted by the Australian Jockey Clnb, which bas decided to impose a regis tration fee of £25. R. Batty, the steeplechase rider, has erected new boxes at Caulfield, where he intends com mencing business as a public trainer. Ho is a desorving lad, and has had sufficient experience to merit a share of patronage. Tho following scratchiugs havo been an-' nounced, viz.: — Melbourne Cup : Waxworks.: Caulfield Cup : Waxworks.' Findon Harricnf' Cup : Crusader. All engagements : Edith, Hunt Club Flat Race : Ghost, Bclladrnm and Assyrian. Flying Stakes : St. Lawrcnco nnt| Laplander. Hurdle Race : Trovallyn. Scllin, : Race .; Doctor. All engagements : Lord of Clyde, Edith and Borderiuan. 