TURF GOSSIP. A report of the general meeting of the Adelaide Racing Club will be found in another column. The tone adopted by the principal speaker at the meeting was very conciliatory. The A.R.C. are content to go their own way and pay no heed to the S. A. J.C. so long as that body refrains from attempting to crush them by refusing to acknowledge them in the calendar. This they will hardly do in the face of the strong position the A.R.C. now holds, and in all probability the two Clubs will go their separate way without any open collision, though the deep-rooted animosity existing in the breasts of the leading spirits in the rival bodies may never be rooted out. I am very glad to see that Messrs. Ferry and Blackler's counsellors see the necessity of acting in harmony with the Y.R.C. No matter how strong they may be locally the A.R.C. can never maintain high-class meet ings i unless they are in unison with the central racing authority of Australia. It is all very well to "doubt whether the A.R.C. might not fight successfully against the ban of disqualification," but if ever the lessees of the A.R.C. bring themselves into collision with the Y.R.C., again they will find that that powerful organisation has the power to reduce the class of then- fixtures to the level of l'ark Meetings, and will exercise that power. They can never stop the public of South Australia from flocking to the East Park Lands to see racing, but they can say to Yictorian owners of first-class horses ''if you race with theA.R.C. you shall not run on the Flemington," and the issue of such a mandate would practically bar the Darcbins and Commotions of the future from competing on the Old Course. However, Mr. Bonnin, I take it, spoke as the official mouth- ; piece of the Club on Thursday week, and he evidently recognises the utility of bowing to the "central authority" by sending the Club's advertisements for insertion in the calendar of the colony, which is recognised as official by the rulers of racing in Victoria. In adopting this course the A.R.C. will render themselves safe from incurring the displeasure of the Y.R.C. If the Jockey Club are foolish enough to refuse to publish the advertisements of their rivals they are hardly likely to be assisted in the battle which will ensue by the countenance of the V.K.C. Nominations for the North-Eastern Handi caps must be made before 8 o'clock this (Saturday) evening. As previously pointed out the Club have put forth a very nice little programme, and they should be rewarded with good entries. The infusion of new blood into the ranks of our bookmakers has brought about a noticable improvement in the prices avail able to backers. Take the Park Meeting for instance. When the weights came out, 100 to 2 was offered on the field for the two handi caps, and whereas this is a price hitherto un known in the colony, it has not prevented layers from getting round and standing safe for a small profit. For the Hurdles and Steeplechase 100 to 0 is the quotation, and, considering the quality of the fields, backers must admit 20 to 1 to be a very liberal tender against their picking both races. A straight book has also been opened on the Midwinter Handicap, for which Tyropean has been backed since the disappearance of Prome theus at 2 to 1. Mr. J. O. Inglis has been compelled to pay £200 for telling P. Heywood that the horseB Sir Joseph and Nappcr Tandy are always run for the benefit of the ring. The follow ing particulars of the trial have been tele graphed:—" A good deal of interest is mani fested by sporting men in the case of Heywood v. Inglis, for the recovery of £250, damages for slander. The plaintiff is a horse-trainer residing at Caulfield, and defendant a grazier at Ballan. Amongst the horses in Heywood's charge were Sir Joseph and Napper Tandy, both belonging to Mr. Donald Wallace. On April 22 Sir Joseph started as second favourite for a race at Wyndham, but came in fifth; while on the 29th the same horse won the Glenhuntly Handicap at Caulfield. Immediately after the race Mr. Inglis went up to the plaintiff, and said to him, " Heywood, if I were Donald Wallace I would take away all my horses; you misled him from first to last; your horses run for the books. Every time Sir Joseph has run he lias-gone for the books, and the same with Napper Tandy, too." The testimony as to uttering the words was corroborated by Mr. Wallace, the owner of the horses. He stated that Sir Joseph was in much better condition at Caulfield thanat Wyndham. He knew plaintiff so thoroughly that he had the greatest con fidence in his honesty. Observations similar to those made by defendant had been made by many other persons respecting the two horses in question, especially Napper Tandy. The Jury, after a short retirement, found a verdict for plaintiff for £200." Eleven horses have accepted for the Monnt Gambier Handicap Steeplechase, those with drawn being Taxaraxacum, Erin, Magic, Spangle, ana Jimmy. Ten have accepted for the Hurdles, Rifleman, Magic, and Game cock being those withdrawn. Eight have accepted for the Flying Handicap, those withdrawn including medallion, Storm Queen, Musidora, Agitation, Lone Heart, and Iceberg. There are fourteen acceptances for the Flat Race; Vagabond is amongst those withdrawn. The English mail brings news of the death of Adventurer, one of the best known sires in England, and a horse that is pretty well represented in Australia, Speak ing of his death the Spprting Life says:— This doughty son of Newminister suddenly quitted the harem for the home of his fathers on Friday last, in his twenty-third year well at six in the evening, died at nine, is the brief account from the Sheffield Lane Paddocks. The fame of Adventurer chiefly rest upon his success as a sire, his shape and faultless blood, combining all the best run ning strains, being transmitted in a marked degree to his numerous and successful progeny, the bright particular stars being Pretender, Apology, Wheel of Fortune, and BalGal, supported by Ruperra, Adventurer, Templar, Ishmael, Privateer, Plunger, and many others of lesser degree too numerous to n ention. Adventurer, bay colt by New minister out of Palma, byEmilius, started six times when a two-year-old, winning the Kingston- upon-Hull Stakes, at Beverley. At three he suffered defeat in each of His three essays. At four he won the Londensborongh Handicap (6st. 10 lb.), the City and Subur ban (5 st. 12 lb.), Great Northern Handicap (7 st. 7 lb.), Flying Dutchman's Handicap (7 st. 10 lb.), the Craven Stakes at Epsom, and the Gold Vase at Ascot, beating Win grave, Atherston, and five others. The following year he started but once, when in a field oi sixteen at weight for age, he won the Fitzwilliam StakeB at Doncaster, de feating the celebrities Master Richard, Victorious, Paris, Argonaut, and Moulsey, his last being, perhaps, his best performance on the turf. After this he retired to the stud, where he soon made a name, his fee increasing with his success, till at length his services were tabooed to the general public, and restricted to the Sheffield Lane mares and a few of Lord Falmouth's." Mr. George Tantram sold his well-known steeplechase horse Erin to Mr. George Glass cock of Melbourne after the Kapunda meet ing. The horse is not unlikely to get back his purchase money at Caulfield on Satur day. The Adelaide Racing Club appear to be on the most friendly terms with the City Corpo ration, who grant them one concession after another without a murmur. The latest request acceded to was an application for some extra ground at the top of the hill for thepurpose of making a straight five furlongs. The land received by the Club was of no value to the public, but the liberty of turning it to account in forming a two-year-old course will greatly benefit the ARC. At the request of owners and trainers who wish to get away in time to arrive in Mel bourne before the Caulfield Meeting begins, the S.A.J C. have altered the date of their Spring Meeting from the 23rd to the 16th of September. The programme issued is very creditable to the Club, and without doubt the diff erent stakes will be largely subscribed to by owners. The Sapling Stakes is a par ticularly nice prize, ana as the sweep is only 5 soys, for starters there should be a good field. I see the Club has made tfie same mistake as the ARC. with regard to the weights. At a recent sale of blood stock in England the Hon. J. White, of New South Wales, purchased another liighly-bred mare for his stud. This was La Princesse, a two-year old filly by Cathedral out of Princess of Wales. The price paid was 700 guineas, and she should be a great acquisition to any stud, as her dam iB one of the most successful brood mares in England, and claims as sons three such performers as Albert Victor, George Frederick, and Louise Victoria. Tattersall's correspondent telegraphs that The Ghost is being freely backed for the Ladies' Bracelet, to be run on Saturday, at 100's to 14. For the Maiden Hurdle Race, •Sportsman, in T. Wilson's stable, is sup ported at 100 to 15, and Crystal has been backed on a commission from Adelaide at 100 to 10. Nominations for the Quorn Races close on Tuesday next, the 4th of July. 