~ids anrb , keikdt VILDRED BLAQUAIRE. ..... , ....(condoude.) ... ... The ne?t:?xoring thUr'strnger called to inform Mrs Blaquair that a man answering the description she had given was seen lurk ing about the house on the previous evening.' Then they fell into conversation, and gradu ally Mildred found herself listening to him with an interest she had not experienced since her husband's death. He had a peculiar charm of manner, and one of those soft sympathetic voices which are as soothing to the listener as a strain of sweet music; and he seemed to enter so thoroughly into all her feelings, to take so deep an interest in all she said, to be so anxious to render her any as: aistance in his power, and yet without pro testation or effusiveness, simply by a tone, a word, a look, that it became the most dangerous and insidious of flattery. When Mildred looked at the clock she saw'that he had been with her an hour; it seemed that not a fourth of that time had elapsed. After this scarcely a day passed without a call from him; at first he would make some little excuse for his visit, now it was that he had seen one of the dectives whom she had employed, then it was to inquire if she had had any news; it was impossible for the lonely, stricken woman not to feel grateful for this sympathy; and after a while she looked forward to these visits as the one bright hour of her sombre day. i There was one peculiar circumstance, al though she did not notice it at the time-and that was that he never talked about himself. He had evidently travelled a great deal, seen the world in many phases, but he always, in every reminiscence, kept himself and every thing relating to himself carefully in thehack ground. His conversation was clever and amusing, yet it never jarred upon her mood, for his tone was always subdued; he never forgot for an instant that he was in ahouse of mourning. Had not Mildred been wrapt so completely in her idea of avenging widow hood, she might one day have asked herself to what these frequent visits and her in dulgence in them were tending. Not within but from without came a glimpse of revela tion. One morning, while the maid was dressing her hair, she bade her make haste, as Mr. Hilborough would soon be there. As she asat looking into the glass she caught sight of the woman's face with a curious smile upon it. The look, the meaning of which was unmis takable, gave her quite a shock and set her thinking. The result of even a slight self examination was so unsatisfactory that early the next morning, without informing anyone of her destination, and without one word of farewell or warning to her visitor, she quitted her lodgings, and left London for an obscure watering-place upon the south coast. \- Thus she contrived to escape from his pre sence, but not from his influence. A depres. sion, such as she had not known since the first few weeks that followed her husband's death, fell upon her, and with it a deep yearning-for what, she dared not ask her. self. In vain did she endeavor once more to concentrate her thbughta upon that purpose which she had vowed shonld be the sole object of her life ; she had seeminly lost the mastery of her will, for another image was ever thrusting itself between the vivd one of her dead husband and the shadowy horror of his murderer. One dull windy morning, as she was taking her monotonous walk along the esplanade, with bent head, as was her wonted mien, she suddenly raised her eyes, and there, advanc ing towards her, within a couple of paces, was the man she had travelled all this dis tance to avoid-Jocelyn Hilborongh. Pro. tending not to recognise him, she drew her thick veil closer about her face, and, not trusting herself to take a second glance, hurried on as fast as her trembling limbs would allow her. . The next moment she would have given the world to have turned back and to have felt the warm pressure of his hand, the look of those deep fathomless eyes fixed upon her, and to have heard the soft tones of that sooth. ing voice falling upon her ears. She resolved to quit B-- the next morn. ing. All that night she lay tossing in rest less, waking thoughts, or in wild strange dreams, and when the morning came she was too ill to carry out her resolution- at least, she persuaded herself that such was the cause. That day she did not stir outside the door. The next morning she took her usual walk, but he was not on the esplanade. Several days passed, and she saw him no more. This was, of course, a great relicf to her? Fain would she have persuaded herself that it was so, but no amount of self-deception could mIs interpret the eager look with which-she scanned every distant figure, the beating of her heart when she caught sight of any that bore the, most, distant resemblance to him, the sickening feeling of disappointment with which each day she returned home, and the dull despairing misery that fell upon her when the burden of all her thoughts became -"I shall neversee him asptn, never, never!" One' evening, about the week after the meeting, she wandered along the beach some distance beyond the limits of the usual promenade, unconscious of time or distance. monotonously repeating that burden to her. self in a sort of rhythmic accompaniment to the low murmuring dash of the waves, until the night was closing in and the reflection of the rising moon began to glimmer upon the water. At last she awoke from this reverie to find herself almost alone. 'As she turned to retrace her steps shecame face to face with the image of her dreams The shock' was so great that for a moment she , stood motionlees, terror-struck ; she could not believe that it was anything butan apparition conjured up by her yearning im* agination, until the well.remembered voice thrilled her with the certainty that it was reality, and no phantom of the mind. '" Are you not afraid to take these lonely walks without a companion ?" hesaid. :She stammered.something, she knew not what, and they strolled on silently, side by side casting faint shadows on the moos lit sands, and with the low ripple of the tide in their ears. All of an instant she felt one of her hands clasped, and the next he was on hisknees be. fore her, pouring forth a torrent of passion ate words, with the moonlight glistening in his upturnel eyes. He told her how he had loved her from the first moment his eyes had fallen upon her that night 'in the garden when she had liip senseless in his arms; that feeling it was a hopeless passion, he had struggled against it with all his might, but that the more he struggled the stronger it grew. "I was drawn towards you," he said, "by an irre sistible spell; day and night your image haunted me, tormented me; Iendeavored to eicape,'bat it was impossible- some invisible power seetm'ed to drag me back to you. When you left Lbndon it was a relief at first, but the next day the old irresistible fascination seicd upon' me. I dLcovered whither you had gone, and followed you. Your cold avoid. since on the esplanade seemed to break the spelL 'I went away, but the next day the craving returned more re?sistlessly than ever. Mildred I you are my destiny, and I am yours; and we can never escape from one another." As be spoke the last word, by a sudden effort, she wrenched herself from his grasp and fled. She heard his voice calling upon her to stay, but it only gave wings to her feet, and she never relaxed her speed until she reached the crowded part of the pro. menade. She saw him no more that night But his passionate wdrds had kindled a sympathetic flame in her own heart-a flame that had long been smouldering there-and she loved Jocelyn IIilborough with a passion she had never dreamed of-a passion as vivid as his own. Ten days afterwards they were man and wife. They went abroad to Normandy to lire; for Mildred could not face her friends, and her husband quite eagerly assented to the arrangement. It was impossible, after the irrevocable step was taken, after the first feverish, unthinking days had sped, and something of calm had once more fallen upon her life, that Mildred's conscience should not awake again, and smite her heavily for her falseness to the memory of the dead and to the solemn vow she bad registered. She seldom uttered these thoughts, for Jocelyn was always quick with ready and specious arguments to combat them: Had she not done all in mortal power to fulfil her vow? What more could she do? And was it right that she should give upher young life to an ideal--what purpose would it serve? Was it a noble idral ? No, it was only a morbid one. She tried to be convinced by these arguments, but she tried in vain. And apart from these drawbacks of con science, was she happy? Jocelyn was the most devoted'of lovers; the latter word will better express his relation towards her than that of husband. He never quitted her side, voluntarily, even for an hour; he waited upon her, anticipated her every wish, watched every expression of her face that could Indi cate a thought, with a restless anxiety that at times almost irritated her. And yet he was so strangely reticent about himself. She knew no more of his antecedents than she had gathered from their first interview; he never spoke of the past, of his friends, or relations. And did she never question him upon such subjects Never directly. It was strange, soch forbearance in a woman. It was not natural. There was something of pride, of pique in it-but more of an unacknowledged dread-a shrinking from knowledge, which most of us have felt in doubtful episodes of our life. Something troubled him, something he had nerer spoken of to her; for he often groaned and muttered in his sleep, and when she told him of it, he looked scared and anxious, and questioned her closely as to what he said; but she would tell him that she could never distinguish anything beyond incoherent words that bore.no meaning to her. At times the mortifying reflection crossed her mind that he doubted her asser. tions, and suspected her of evasion in these replies. When they had been married about four months, a letter came from her father-it was the first time he had written since their mar riage-requesting to know all about her bus. band, and intimating that he intended to pay them a visit during the autumn. She gave Jocelyn the letter, and as he read it she saw a troubled look come into his face. He re turned it to her without a word, went to the window, and stood there for some minutes. She would have given the world to know what was passing in his thoughts; presently he came and sat beside her, and took one of her hands in both of his, and then she per ceived how pale he had suddenly grown. "Your father wants to know all about me," he began abruptly. " Well, it is but natural. What a strange union ours is 1 Oh, Mildred, if it were possible that we could ever break with our past, cut it off as we would some diseased limb and be rid of it, and live pore and healthy in the future I I had some such dream when I first came here." "It need not be a dream," she answered; "say but the word, and we will quit this place at once, and leave no trace behind. What is to me father or all the world com pared with your happiness I am content to remain in ignorance; what is the past to me l it cannot affect my love for you. What is the matter ?-why do you turn away ?" He made no reply, but burying his face in his hands, and resting his elbows upon his knees, remained silent for some time. Mildred made no attempt to break in upon his medi tations, but sat anxiously watching him. Presently he started up. "Yes, darling," he said abruptly; "we had better leave this place, as you propose." " Very well," was all she replied, but her mind was troubled with vague fears and anti cipations. The next morning it was arranged that they should leave France and travel into Germany. While Jocelyn was away in the village settling everything previouas to theirdeparture, Mildred, with a strange sinking and heavy boding at the heart, began to make her pre parations, and commenced by packing some of her husband's clothes in a portmanteau. While thus engaged, something dropped out of the pocket of an old waistcoat on to the floor. Looking to see what it was, she found at her feet a ring set with a cameo. What mysterious terror did this worthless-looking trinket have for her, that it should blanch her face and bring that look in hereyes ? It was a headofAfinteras roken tnser?ely in half. With a low cry of ' God I" she let the ring fall to the ground again, convolsively clasped her hands, and stared blankly atit, as though it were some terrible apparition. After a moment she sank down upon a chair, and murmured to herself, "I must be mad or dreamingl" Then suddenly she rose.up and went to a chest of drawers, and took out of one of them a jewel- case, in which she had preserved the piece of broken cameo that sabe had found in the garden on the nightof Arthur Blaquaire's murder. Once more picking up the ring, with a hand that did not tremble, she set the fragment upon the broken space-it exactly fitted, and completed the head. While she sat gating'upon it-numbed, dazed. fascinated-Jocelyn, having returned, came into the room. " Good hearensi" he exclaimed,rnsning to her;.' what is the matter? what has hap. pened f-you look as white as a ghost 1" Without speaking she held up the ring to him. "What is this 1" he inouiredindifferently. " Oh, an old ring that I have missed--" There.he stopped abruptly, and his face, which was flushed with excitementa moment before, suddenly blanched as white as her "I found this piece of broken cameo in the garden on the mormng after Mr. Bls. quarie's-" She could not complete the sentence. She waited for him to take it up; but he stood staring at the ring without uttering a word. "Can you not explain this !" she asked in an agonised voice. "I cannot," he answered slowly, avoiding her eyes. "Then, God help us both !" saho wailed, and for a time conscousness seemed to desert her. When she became once more sensible to surroundiog objects, she was alone; he had gone without a word or a sign. There was yet another relict. Again she opened the jewel-ease, and from a secret drawer took out a sealed paper, in which was preserved the fragment of hair that had been found in Arthur Blaquaire's dead clasp. She broke the seal, for the first time, and took out thecontents. Inalocket she wore suspended br a chain round her neck was a portrait of Jocelyn and a lock of his hair: she put thie two pieces side by side; they were exactly alike in color and quality. The day wore on, tvening and night came, and Jocelyn dlid not return. Before goingto bed Mildred sealed up the two locks of hair in an envelope, addressed it to her husband, and left it upon the table of the sitting. room. It was midnight before she heard him come in. Then she lay as one expectingamessage of life or death. If he came to her-it is so difficult to banish hope. Two hours elapsed, then she heard the outer door softly opened and closed again. Shbe sprang out of bed; drew aside the blind, and looked out; it was a moonless night, or rather morning, but she could see a dim shadow glide away, until it. was lost in thedarkness. He was gone--foirever. iSheshould never look upon his face again--and the last shadow of-hope went with him.---? Upon theo dining-room table the next morn ing was found aletter addressed " Mildred." It contained the ldaifrsrement of the ter. riblo 'story. "Mildred," it began, "you have disco vered my fatal secret at last, as I always an. ticipatod yon would some 'day. Now you shall know all, and, as I hope' for mercy hereafter-if mercy can possibly be shown to sueh a wretch asI am-I swear to you that I shall neither set down' one'word that is not true, nor attempt to palliate the truth. "Ten years ago I held a commission in the army. I led a wild life, although perhaps not one much worse than many others of my class. One night I lost a largo sum at cards to a man whom I greatly disliked. I had not the means of paying the I 0 U I gave him at the table, and could not raise them. In a moment of desperation I drewa bill upon the bank of Blaquaire and Com pany, and forged the acceptance. By the time it fell due, I contrived to scrape to gether the money to take it up. On that very day the forgery was discovered, and when I went to the bank I was requested to walk into the principal's private room. I found myself confronted by Mr. Blaqnaire and his youngest son, Arthur, whom I know intimately, but who now refused to recognise me. 'In answer to Mfr.' Blaquaire's severe address I pleaded the desperate position I was placed tn at the time I committed the offence, and tendered the money; he re lented, and would have let me off, had not Arthur interposed anddeclared that he would not be a party to such an evasion of the law, and that if his father' did. not give me into custody, he would. I was arrested. tried, and Arthur Blaquatre appeared for the pro secution. I believe it was his first brief, and he pleaded against me with all that unscru pulous passion and invective for which he afterwards became so famous; everything that hbe could rip up and discover of my pri. vate life, even the folliesand excesses he bad shared with me, he brought up, distorted and twisted and coloured, until I was made to appear in the eyes of the judge and jury an abandoned and irreclaimable 'ruffian, dangerous to be loose open society. I was condemned to five years' penal servitude. 'When I came out of prison my friends disowned me, my acquaintances shunned me, my life was blasted. I did not turn burglar or pickpocket, but my mode of living was scarcely more- reputable, although my manners and appearance still enabled me to move in some kind of society. Upon the racecourse I made the acquaintance of Mr. Grainger, your next-door neighbour at High. gate; he was a betting man, and had re. cently lost his wife. Heinvited me to stay with him for a few days. The second day of my visit, while I was standing at the dining. room window, I saw Arthur Blaquaire pass, and learned that he resided in the adjacent house. To say that I hated the man who had destroyed my whole life, and passionately longed to be revenged upon him, will convoy but a slight impressionof the feelings aroused by this discovery. "On the night of June 23, I was alone in the house, Grainger being away poon some business that would detain him until the next morning. The night, as you will remember, was intensely hot and oppressive. At twelve o'clock I was sitting smoking out on the ve randah of the drawing-room window, which overlooked the garden; I could see a faint glow of light cast out upon the shadowy gloom from a ground-floor window of your house All that evening I had thought of nothing but my enemy. Probably he is at work an that room. I reflected, weaving a web for some poor devil for to-inorrow I Gradually an irresistible impulse seized upon me to catch a glimpse of him. After resist. ing the fascination for some time-and it was a fascination which I can compare only to the feeling that draws a man towards a pro. cipice, or to play with the bars of a wild. beast's cage--I threw away my cigar, softly descended the stairs (the servants were all in bed), opened the door leading into the garden, and by the help of a fruit-tree that grew close by swung myself over the wall; the depth being greater than'I had ealcu. lated, I alighted on the other side with a loud thud. Let me stop for an instant to assure youthat even then I had no fixed pur poseor design. I had been drinking heavily with my host the day before, and again all that evening; the electrical condition of the atmosphere and hours of broodingover the past hadunstrung my nerves, and filled me with a reckless excitement. a fieroe reckless. ness, a humour in which everything was pas. sible. The noise I made must have reached his ears, for I had scarcely recovered from the shook of my descent, when I saw him come out through the window, and beard him sharply demand, 'Who's there!' I re mained quite still, hoping-yes, fervently hoping- that he would not discover me. But without a moment's pause, as though he had caught sight of nie, he advanced to the spot where 1 stood: Helsprang upon me, seized me with' a grip of iron:' Scoundrel I' he cried, ' who are you? what are you doing here ' and he tried to drag me towards the honse. I was afraid he would recogniso me. I knew that, whatever I might say, he would mercilessly handme over to the police. Des. peration and the touch of the man who had destroyed my life roused all the wild.beast within me; Idrew the life- preserver which I always carried from my pocket, and struck him a blow upon the head. He uttered a low cry and clutched at my beard; then I felt his hands relax; and with a groan he fell motionless at my feet.' I was unconscious of the savage energy which had nerved my arm. I never dreamed, I swear to you, that I had more than stonned him. Bythes aidof thetree I regained Grainger's garden, re-entered the house 'without encountering any one, and, with no shadow of a thought upon my on science that I had done a murder, went to bed and slept. " My horror the next morning upon dis covering the truth I cannot attempt to de seribe. Leaving an exouse for my friend, who had not yet retuined. I fled the house 'ike another Cain, took train to Liverpool, and secured a passage on board a steamer that de. parted for America the next morning. No sooner. however, had Ilanded at New York, thin I:e'perienesd an unaccountable desire to return to England. My rest was broben by weird dreams, in which I always saw a pale, lieautifsl, but stern face, that fsed its eyes upon mine. Ah I the torture that those eyes inflicted upon me; they seemed to burn into my brain, to exercise a resistless fasci nation, to draw my very soul towards them. How they trrifled me by their relentless hate then they held me spellbound by their natterable yearnings, that seemed to say, 'Come to me. come to me; you are mine, and I am yours.' I could not rest, I could not remaini any one place for any length of time. ;I quitted New lYork and went south ward and still the same irresistible impulse to return to England, still the same strange dreams, pursued me. I left America and came back to Europe; stayed for a time at Paris, then at Vienna, living how I could; but still the curse of Salamhiel was upon me: ly whithr I would, an inexorable destiny was driving me to the one spot-and to Lon don I came at last. "One of the first acqouaintaoces that I ena sountered upon my arrival was Grainger. 'Just the very sort of fellow I wanted to meetl' was his greeting. 'I've got the blue.devils; come and stay with me a few days. It's no good to say no, for come you shalL' Strange as it may seem, I was quite eager to accept his invitation, for now I was in London I had a craving desire to visit the scoen of my crime. I never doubted but that it was a fatality that was drawing me to my destruction, but I had no power to resist it, -. arrived at Highgate on the 21st of Juno, twb days before the awful anni versary. Grainger, in the course of conver satioo, brought up the subject of Arthur Blaquaire's ntysterious death. IHe told me of the vow yqu had taken, of your strange vigils. ' iho's a lovely creature,' he re marked; ' it's a thousand pities; but there's no doubt that her brain is afflicted with mo nomania.' I shuddered. 'She is waiting for me, and I have come,' was my inward comment. " On the night of the 23rd, by a fatality I cannot call it a coincidence-Graioger was summoned by telegram to the bed of a near relative who was dying, and I was left, as I had been on the same night two years pre viously, alone, with only the servants in the house. The human mind, more especially if it be morbidly excited, has a strange hanker ing after coincidences; it is equally eager to discover them and to bring them to pass. No sooner was Grainger gone than this kind of desire seized upon me; up to that time the coincidence was perfect, I could not re sist completihg it. Although, unlike the previous occasion, the night was miserably wet, I took opt a chair upon the verandah, and lit a cigar; naturally, my eyes took the direction of your garden, andthere, outupon the gloom, I saw a faint glow of light just as I hai seen it on that night two years before. At first it thrilled me with a superstitious dread, for I pictured the dead man sitting there; but the next moment I said to myself, ' It is she, waiting for me-and I must go.' I descended the stairs, passed into the gar den, and once more swung myself by the fruit-tree upon the wall. There I paused, for I saw a dark figure standing between me and the light'that shown from the window, and the next moment I heard a shriek and a cry, and saw a shadow gliding, 'entre a ierre, through the darkness, and among the bushes, and you camd rushing out in pursuit. I was not the only one who heard your cry, for Grainger'svalet came out, and seeing me upon the wall asked what was the matter. Before I could reply, you had fallen to the ground ; I leaped over, and the servant followed me. " I raised you in my arms and bore you into the room. As the rays of the lamp fell upon your beautiful face, white as marble, I recognised it! as the same that had haunted me in my dreams; and as your eyes opened. they fixed themselves upon mine with the same yearning look they had so often worn in the vision. I felt no shook, no sensation of fear; on the contrary, a deep lethargio repose, such as we experience after active pain, descended upon me. The fight was over, my destiny was fulfilled, I had come to you; I was yours body and soul. The man yon saw at the window was doubtless a burg ar, who knowingthehouse to beuntenanted, had come to'attempt a robbery. But the true criminal was at his heels. Mildred. your yearning and your intense power of will had acted upon me wherever I went, and at last drew me irresistibly to your side; bhut instead of repulsion it had created sym pathy between us, instead of hatred it had created love. i All the horror, all the conse quences of my unnatural passion were patent to me, but I was powerless even to struggle against its overwhelming sorce. The terrible retribution I haveso often dreaded has fallen upon me ; I shall never see you more, and my love for you can never die, never fade." Here the letter abruptly ends.. About a month after the date it bears, a ship bound forAnstralia went down in the Bayof Biscay with every sonul on board. Among the names of the passengers was that of Jocelyn Hilbo rough. A little while ago there died in a Catholic convent, within a few miles of Lon. don, a gray-haired nun, who was known as sister Agaes, but who in the outward world had once born the name of Mildred Bla quaire.-H. BArao. BaagKn.--Bdgrao a. 