THE QUEEN of the SCHOOL \- Citrt:t xxxitl. His friends,' thought Mies' Savernake. Who were his friends? That Dick Kavanah was one, she knew. But unless ehe was mistaken, there was notmuch that was bloodthirsty about poor Dick. There worn no lights in the room, and it momentarily grew darker. John Savory stood by the fireless grate with out moving or uttering a sound. Prrsentrv there camne nknock at the outer door. and Miss Savernako half leapt fron her chair. 'That is his knock. I will let him in and leave you with him,' said John Savory, quite quietly. SWith him? With whom? 'exclaimed Miss Savernake, with sudden terror. ' With Cuthtert Deane.' She uttered a cry, and clung to him as he was'leavine the room. 'With him, here, and alone ? My God I no. You caid that my lifoe was safe; you promised that, and you have trapped me here that he may kill me. Oh, spars me-as you yourself one day hope to he spared. spare me ! ' 'Spare you,' said Savory. * When did ever you spare another? fNo, you shall see him. It is for that I have brought you here: He IlunI her from him, and passing from the room, closed the door behind him. Mies Savornako sank into a chair, but rising quickly. she sprang to the door, determined to make her escape. As she flung it open, she heard the outer door opoened, and the tones of Cuthbert Denne came clearly to her ears. To escale by them she saw was impossible, so turned and flew up the stairs -to an upper apartment, which was pitch dark. Standing in the centre of this room, she tried to thins' how best she might escapo the man whom she had so basely wronged, and now so deeply feared. Savory, havlng'iadmitted Outhbert and Dick Kavanngh, asked the latter in a whiepoi SAre they waiting withteutt Dick ?' SYes, two and the inspector,' Dick whispered back. Where is shi ?' • ' You will hear of her shortly, if I ant not mistaken,' returned Savory, grimly. Hark! , .. They heard of her with vengeance. The room to which she had fled was over head, and even while Savory wsas speaking, a cry, that was neither a yell nor a ecream but n ehrill and horrified blending of the two, was heard ringing through the house. A trampling of feet, too, and a noise as of the overturning of a chair or two by someone panic-tricken with fright, and in the pitch dark endeavouring to find the door. It was Miss Savernake. - In the blackness of the stronge room, an ap palling vision had appeared to her. Afraid for her very life, hier thoughts were of possible escape froml the house into which she had been trapped. To retreat down the stairs site had just now ascended would ho madne;s. There was th1e window. Was tiher- a chance that way ? Quick as thought, liess Savernako stepped aereos to swhere the white window curtains were dimtiy risible in the darkness, and with nimble fingers tried at thebo window fastening. As site was so engased, hlowever, a slight noise behind her c:tusehd her to look round. And there, between heresel and the door iy whichl she hld entered the rootm, appeared the blood-chilling eight. A misty figure, draped from head to feet in A boyish figure, the spirit of the murdered Poppe'. IT tile affriighted governess had any doubt of it, it was speledily displled, for front the spirit form thi-re proceeded it hollow tones the words- ' MurJereres, from the dopths of the old well I rise to confound you.' And then the ghostly figure advanced closely toesards her, extending trwha appeared to be great wi;gse, andi mutin_ thetai to and fro, as tlhousth it would c!asp hier within them. 'T'heo it was that hises avortrake uttered the cry that was so distinctly hear. by those who were in the room below. Sire would I havnetondofar theo .ton-. bt. i., t ote ag:ny or her guilty ntinl, site h1d lost ill I recolkction of the side of the room at which Ithe door was, and at lher first attoempt, dashed herself heavily against the. But the pursuing psirit was ine.-orable. W?it quivering wings, it stilt pursued her, utteri.g sehr hi:ieoua sounds, that even an in nocent reaton milght have quailcd to hear. Was there' no escape froum the terrible thing? 1 Yes. tOne. Th, window. Withll a cry, even smore hcrriblo than the tirst, thi guihly woman ,sprang at the window bodily, nud bursting lo.r way through sash and sines, disappeared into the outer darkness headlong. To the infinite conaternation of the ghost, who a tmoment too late, and in the most na tural way in life, mtado a rush to the window, with the view of catching her by como part of her wearing apparel. .' fe-rusam t she's been and done it. Oh, Lord! I wouldn't have played the spirit sit all if I had thought that that would have been her Iove.' - And with ihis hair on end, and the sheet in which he had been enveloped still trailing about him, Tom Pepper, alive anid in the leslh, but with his head still swathed in surgical bandages, poor fellow !-flung open the door, and ushed frintically down the stairs. TThose who whbre waiting below, hoiwver, needed no telling what had happened. Outhb-rt, as well as Savory and Karnnaah, had heard the crash snd'the fall. The constables stationed without the house hadl heard it. When the three nma hurried out, they found the three ollicers bending over the crushed and blreding form of the wretlhcd aioman, and re garding her by the light of their lat:erns. Sbhowas not dead, but terribly crippled, and could rot move or speak eearcely. 'This is a very neriosis business, gentleman,' spok: the police imp-tor. t We were induced to collie here to arrest- a would-bo miurderees on her own coofession, r;ot to witness asuicide, or wo;se, nsthis slmav turn out to hebo You muast all consider yourselves as iin:my custody for tholprnseat, at all. ilr.ts' . A doctor asn hastily suommoned, and, at thel singgcstion of Luthlbber,. Dealne, a minister alsoe., Th h'mutilatel woman uwas carried into the hduse 0n1d lid ,on a be~l, seit senuible, but, as wn's plain to all, rish the Caund of death on her.. : , It nodda b;tt the briefest exstnination on the part of thie medical nma. to dsItover thi.. i? '3a .-can I lise?' gasped the wretched wolan ...... tIerhbepe a qunrter of atin hour; no. loncer, the dtoC r r 1t15."0 . 'hut; nsy daughter, gently remtarked the ie'd a. tLor, ' thougls your body ssayy b0 hyond care. -o. hlve a soul.' '. Ye, so .? :'t is all now,; all, :al!l Listen, then I;l nt-, -h,ile I lav., iife and strengtt, easo my ;uithy mieid,l ad -ie inyreif at le.ast a ch me-. f escaping-the doomss oi-- ofr everlst ig puai. lihn~ent.' SAnd i hile tile rlhinister knelt be ide her nand thre;it-lsoos rasdl,, Miss saverakte nsdo fuil antd aiul. contelsion of her guilt, includ in; .htcruAl sro:e she habd doUis both her huhband- an! Dick Ke.linah,-s e pliotitne g.nse Lis? li or Nathan OgletLy,heprattemptd mride. o" T. mi Prp r. SItw a:s a 0o : :snd terzrriblo story, and scarcely hbad -h*, with ,s'.lo vones and shorntnin- breath e;nelslo.! it, whsn the tremor of deoth seined her, and -she ,c i p lht. rhost.i i'iioat fo!lowd s-sy be :olo in a fetw wonrds. i"he exmination of all concerned before a nagis:r:ttte, eoupled with ibeo pro cetion if the guilty nwo-nsn's codnfsion, m sle it clear that no on e outd he held aeco .tablo for hiebr death. A. od,'to his unulleriable relief, ii oi.ly was-s pa-r I'lm Pepper ncquitted; bt wae.s cnpl = ..entsd by the beach, and eoigrsbti; ieu; ohis narrow e.cape. - !r~ -.:: bCzI.-L·e.-? ,f'::3l1 _ ¢O" e y,[,?'7 ~ir?. As for Cath'crt Dease, now that he was exontrated of all but his rashness in ieriting 0a0d signing lhat piper-and even thAt'weak ness was considerably palliated when all scame to be known-his uncle forgave him-nay, sought his forgiveness for the wrong he had done him ; and as the best amends he could make, placed ]nate Darling's hand in his, with what he thought his dying blessing. Bint the old gentleman was made of tough stuff, and to the amazement of his niedical attendants, so rapidily rallied that though but two short months elapied from the time of the clearing up of the terrible mystery to the mar riage of Outhbert Deans and Kate Darling, the old man was able to pto church and give his nephew his bride, and with her his whole for tune, only begging in return to be permitted to live with thems as long as it might please God to spare him. " Which was for years not a few. So many, in fact, that Tom Popper, who was engaged on Mr. Cuthbert Deane's domestic establishment, was quite a tall young man when he drew old Nathan Ogleby some of his last journeys in his easy chair around the garden. Nor were Dick Kavanah and his wife for gotten. A few hundred pounds served to set Dick up in an honourable way of life, and never was a friendly hand more deservingly bestowed or more gratefully acknowledged. The only bitter in the cup of bliss was the disappearance of the man whom Kate hoped and dreaded was her father. From the time of hiss Ssvernnke's death he vanished, leaving no sign behind him. . But at length, two years afterwards, anxiety concerning him, too, ceased, for there came a letter from the most distant part of Australia, in which the writer avowed himself, and sent the pleoasnt news that as a breeder of cattli he was prosperous and happy. In his letter, Savory, or, as he now pro claimed himself, Olaudo Darling, stated th.t, hearing of his wife's death, and bpcoming ncs acquainted with Miss Savernake, he had mar ried hebr. Their cohabitation was of short duration; for being of a jealous and unforgiving nature, and imagining she had good cause to doubt his fidelity, she had evidently determined to re venge herself upon the man she had promised to love and obey. An opportunity soon presented itself, for having bheome involved in speculation, she had sworn that he had dishonestly misrepre sented facts to enable him to obtain c~rtain goods and monies for fraudulent purposes, antd upon these representations he was arrested and transported for a term of years. All he asked now was Tate's: forgiveness for not having acted the pert of a parent towards her, as he meight have done, ere the machi nations f t his second wife consigned him to a feloi's cell. a forgivenesi for which lhe im plored, end which was given, the reader may easily understand, withl all the heart and soul of the generous and noble-spirited girl. TIlE E?D. 