[?] v. Bus. — Where letfcgono? ; "'/> c FulL.To tho other t>1ace.' — Tbo Bill of Faro. Tho Wig havingarrnngod hln august jwrson upon his throuo, tho busiuosa was commenced by Mr Williams, who movod tho Adjournment of tho Houso in order to point out to tho Minister of Minos that power was givon undor tho Mining Regulations to compel tho delivery to tho Socrotary of Miuos of plans, sections, and ovory particular of a miuo, aud tho pro gress of works thoroin. Mr Williams parti cularised Mr Lausoll's caeo. Ho unid that gold had been discovered in bis tnino No. 180 on tho Victoria Now Ohura Roof, at a dopth of 1700 foot. This, howevor, had boon kept a secrot for a considerable timo, in broach of tbo covenant of tho Mining Statute roquiring, tho declaration to botnndo to tbo Mining department. Mr Williams pointed out that whilo making tbo discovery publio would not iiavo deprived Mr Lansoll of an ounce of gold it would havo indicated to otho.v mine holders "the way they should go," T , Quick seconded tho motion, with tho chcrrint _ remark that it was susneotod Mr LansoU's object in keoping tho uiscovory sooret was tbnt hetniht buy up shares in neighboring olaims. Mr Burrowcs, milling his hair, oxplninod tbnt ho had taken action in the matter. Mr H. Clark thought that, in tbo iutorest of iho public, tbo details of tho discovery should bo published, and that, if poseiblo, tho Minister should havo n thorough examination mndo. ho boou as tho gold had boon found ho shaft had boeu slabbed ovor, And tho diicovery kept seoret. If necessary, thoso labs should bo romoved, and tho mino ox- eininod. "But," exclaimod Mr Muuro, with tbo surprised air of ono who is also concerned in vestodjutoroatn, "Isn't tho miuo his own?" "Undor 'k loasa from tbo Crowo," returnod Mr Clark, with tho pitying air of ono who holds superior information, " and tho public havo a right to havo all information placod beforo thorn." "Oh, no," interjected Mr Kor- ford, with a ferensio air, "Oh no." "Lot tho othor niiuing tnon sink to tho samo lovol, and do as Mr Lansoll haB dono," chimed in Mr Muuro. "I beliovo in fair play," ''Right, sir, why should a mnn do his own work, and other pooplo's ns well? Howover, this spurt ovor, Mr Dow asked tho Minister if ho would furnish a roport of what had beon dono in the directiou of water supply for tbo countiy districts— the numborof trusts formed, and so on. And Mr Young said that ho would havo such a return mudo out for Kara Kara, Mr Young now introducod an amonded Dog Act, which was read a first timo. Mr Mason, in tbo cause of Gippsland, hoped that provision would bo tuauo iu tha bill for tbo destruction of wild (log. And you t might hnvo added, Sir, of taino puppios— in which caso tho stock would be thinned. # And now tho Houso procoedod to tho con sideration of lurthor amondmenta on tbo third readiug of the Railway Construction Bill, aud Mr Wrixon, who always puts ino in mind of tho old song, That Elegant Young Mau, took nn Innings. Mr Wrixun proposed tho intro duction of a now clnuvo in tho bill, by which Ministers would bo required to schodulo the railways authorisod by tho Houso, such sche dule to bo submitted to Parliament. Mr Wrixon asked tbo House to ngroo to his pro posal, bccauao ho desirod to protect it from tho danger which was indicated by vosting an unchecked aud extraordinary authority in tho Government. Security was required that this power should not be exorcised ns nu agent of patronage. As it was, tbe bill had produced a nnrnlyRis of legislation, " Whom has it para lysed?" inquired Sir Bryan, with somo beat. " Tho Houso," replied Mr Wrixon. " Woll," cried Mr L, L. Smith, with his sti idoufc voico and kicking up his legs, " I thought it had Bt. Vitus's danco," and Cromo do Boozio scored one, Howover, Mr Wrixon wont on calmly to show that his proposal was made in the public intorost. TJnloes somo ouch precaution woro taken, the various country districts would bo continually clnmoriug for proccdeuco in tho order of construction of tho railways. And thie could not but lend to patronago. In Mr Mirama's view no legislative body had ovor handed over to a Govornmout such tromendous powors of patroungo. Ayo, sir— you nro right. Tho bill, ob I tnko it, is the sheet- anchor of tbo Government. Whilo thoy havo that to hold on to it will be hard to run thorn ashore. air Derry neoouded tho motion. He quite agreed with the lion, member that tho Houso bad been demoralised by this bill, " Who has boon demoralised?" crien Mr Longmoro ; aud I thought of tho inquiry of Judas—" Lord is it I ? " Howevor, Mr Berry said that bo rather thought it had demoralised Mr Long- more. " No foar," returned tho sinuous ono. " Your remark is an insult to tho wholo Houso." But Mr Berry hastened to explain that he did not mean to be offensive. He only wished to indi cate that tho vory naturo of tho bill, in which all mombcrs woro inoro or less interested, was ono of demoralisation. But Mr Longmoro shook his head. Ah, Sir, " Conscience doth njuko cowards of us all." Tho bard, you know, Mr Berry wont on warmly to support Mr Wrixou's motion. As ho understood it, it pro vided for a sebedulo of tho order in which tho lines should bo constructed. "Oh," cried Mr Kerfeid, "And whon the pchedulocomos down you will find that tbo lines for Government supporters aro first, and those for the Opposi tion members tbo last." Mr Berry contended that sort of thing should be faced, and fought out in tbo IloiiEQ, If thero was to be any par tiality exhibited, it was proper that it should be recognised in tbo Houso rather than permit its exorcise iu tho Minister's office. Tho pro posal of the lion, membsr for l'ortland would check off log-tolling, and ho considerod that opposition to that proposal would tend to in dicate that hou, members considered thoy hnd moro influence in tho Minister's olfico than iu the House. And now Sir Brvan aroso, arousod out of his usual Dntchliko stolidity. Ho was worm, Sir. His sturdy ffttlo logs woro planted firmly upon tho floor, and his robust corpora tion was set to tho front of ltia enemies, He at once commenced by protesting indignantly against tho statement that the bill had paralysed tho action of tho liousivnnd that it bad demoralised it members. He pointed to iho caroful consideration of tho bill, and tho numerous amendments and alterations to which it hnd been subjected, as ovidonctng that Iho House, in ito discussion of tho measure, hnd neither been paralysed nor demoralised. And yet, Sir, your argument cuts both ways. In whoso interests were thoto alterations mndo? Surely in thoso of houorable members. Each amendment aud alteration was but an added sop to the gonchil diQli; Sir Bryan was iu good fonn? as a man. may bo who knows that his position is improg- nnblo. Bo was .even heavily facetious. Ho said that he was not surprised at tho " horror " with which Mr Wrixon regarded tho biff, Elevon ytars ago ho had boon struck with horror by auotbor bill, with only four linos iu it. Tho lion, member had thou described that' bill as unreasonable and unjust. " The country has grown since then," cried Mr Kerferd, and Sir Bryan said that it had, Indeed, and that tho Doueo was now do- VLtitiq itself to its still further advancomentin material prosperity; and so on, in tho same strain. Tho Barouotspoko with unusual v mation and foico. a Then Mr Longmoro had a shot ci| ba> Wrixon, who only hitched his sbouldoi, aud drew his hat over his eyes, You know Mr Longmoro'h manner, you kuow Mr I.ongmoro'a matter. What need then, to waste timo, poo, ink and paporin describing either. Suffice it, ho was consistent ; wandering backwards and forwards within a certain aroa likoa polar boar in confinement, Howevor, Mr Longmoro enid tbe oilier night that Mr Patterson ought to be 011 tho " othor sido," If ono might judgo from bis speech last night, tho hon. goutio- tv- an is himself rwpidly drifting in that directiou. Ho was vory Ministerial, and he said that tho objpet of tho Opposition was to gf t the Bill out of tho Houso. in order to get rid of the Ministry. Mr liichardaon, who fol lowed, said that tno desiro of tho Opposition was to get tlio whole Houso to tho country. Then Mr Richardson, with Coffee Tavern ma lignity, had his turn at tho demoralisation question. Ho said that hon members had be come soacoustomed to tho principle, that they oould not recogniso it when it starod them in tbo face. Mr Officer asked if this was in order, and tho Wig said it was uot; whereat Mr Richardson turned upon Mr Ofticor, and said that the less he said about demoralisation the hotter. Thie is a common trick of this gentle manly gentleman. Ho knows right well how a hint— though it bo of a lie— travels abroad, and ho doos not hoaltate to use his knowledge. Ho went on to say that tho timo was at hand when the hon momber wouM be called upon to oxplain why be gave bis sal ary to the schools of his district. "Oh, dosr mo," cried Mr Boat, "what a dreadful of- fenco 1" and Mr Blaokott, with somo Indigna- tion, wanted to know whethn - not ilo 00 ho liked with hi, monoy ""r ""ibi not. «ir. 3- or, soo you this i,,«i>„ 'tiisL of too MOO to tbo school, fC? volvts tlio honorohlo momborfin i,. boo h oyes) m o suspioiou of dnm„r J«r»d, tis oil very funny, mo'»li<ali0, W ell, Mr Kiebnrdson mnuntW 1 tisunl fashion. Whon ho finish? ? liii O ahsumsy mid tbnt ho thonoU ' J»bs tyno hod boon wiwtoa „?J' l,"» »«:! Ho mndo n right ,en!£„ ll>u b.li, nod pointed out tlmt tl,„ 'Meet to check tho deuioinlisslion -J'10/151, wns to pnrs a ltoilwny Mammon? '"Ij'nined ,5 O-Colhon sold tint T,B1 "V-1!1' Jk Wrixiin.jirnpo.nl Will check th0 „j,'!ni"a lull .this session, audit wn- !!ii tl0M fl,., tlio country that it should hi , Is Mr : anion could not which wonld in tt, notion tmt tL i' 'lr P-'si! into ffttors. Mr Hnrnor l.t.i ,v,ri|o»r youth Shiols (not Shiel, jilanso) „„ f ! ,l ''w bowovor it might ho oleowhere tl.o 'i1"' lK n-. irjtrnllrnjf on this side of tl„ M0 ri||l"'n Oikncy .ausod nsnmch snruriJ a'nv"- Mr to the watchdog Tins HRj" "'<> » -id tlmt, to n InrRO extent with tho sjiirit of Mr Shiei»'J . 8) .jMiniatry hod Income inischioyom1'!',:, Tfc- i- woo on n par with onr land laws - 11,8 l-il the jirnpsity of tlio Stnto hnil 1»„„"- r -HA to conciliato mouibers. And nni f.'" "»y sy,tem .was being prostituted in ortort'1'"1' support, Sw, m tho Houso, 0(tic„ ft "s'Or« primary consideration, An.i t, 1)0811 tha tlmt nftortho bill find posted, oth„ ""Pbosfed hoy wonld bo dnnjtlod beforo tho JfchL- of notes. It was truo that Ibi, w„ "token' but it wns ono to kcop mombom £ 881m, Tho Voico now rolled his SSi '""'i hrough tho liall, Ho doos not be £ demoralisation of tho House u 10 tyloUifthnut t Gd d'Srali0n "»8 old cCl Mr Wilson, who is a nuainia«t . aid tlmt honourable momhors hwu p0"on« " baits, "aud to whine over barium don was very much of the naturo no todawatcr after n aiRht'o ti-rno. Th8 j!Vnd urged tho nccoptanco of Mrivriw. re'l!3'"r os cloaring the way of any (cor nf plications. Tho resolution hsd hi i"'4 com' bocn advanced in good faith ' M. i..8?' .thought so too. Mr Andcrson lionod ths'h1" men) her would withdraw his iS„„ h,8?' ttM?niX& Tlio door old man said that tlio Mini,. . luipscd tho tide (" wattor" ojmin,! 3 would havo led thorn to fortuno. Saysthrfi-f "Was water about?"— and rniTm , 'r that tho irreverent laughed, linos '? upon the gallant oflicor, and sb-IIv said'"" have h.therto looked up to th. lL1 -leader, but if bo doos not ceaso to int.. t mo," — "I withdraw," hastily oxl iH V Msjor, visibly terrified, n?d ttm "1 trotted olong. Ho remarked that E-ekirl who wns a gentleman iu Mr Morean'i lin. Tr bnsmest— had attributed thoprosneritv M Jews to tho rod of strength ia tho -Li . thoeo who ruled. Ad bo BaiV , Minister wonted that rod of strength o » (A divining rod, is it, Mr M'Coll ?)_!„,? itTf; clear to him that tlio Houso was tamblioV el jrieces. Tho Govornmout should sink or l diFsolution; and then tho door old shirt collar But down and wiped his spectacles, MrZoxfollowed witUashot ntMr Shiel. Mr Zox wan very virtuous. Knowine m,J» this. If ho can't make Ito 2S nnother s quarrol, noonoel3ocan But lot mo pauso. Tho Houso divided oa Mr Wnxon's motion, which wna loitbrsma. jorily of 20 Mr Bant thon moved that tho bill ba sent to the u other place." Ho took occasion to thank tho Hnuso for its "kindoot and considera- tion" during tho passage of tho bill. And then, with his well-known tact and Rood . taste, bo said that with regard to tbo few members who had lost thoir lines 110 one re- Rrcltcd thoir non-succops moro than ho did Kb I what docs this bint at? talrnot bribery and corruption. Woll might MrUilliai ojaculato " Oh." Mr Bont is nothapj.j ffhea returning thanks ; that is cortain. H owovcr, lio may woll rost satisfied. As Mr Shiela pnya, bo has had tbo llouas by tbo wooll Lot us see bow ho will profit by the shearing, Tho House aroso at twenty-five minutes put ten o'clock, and in fivo minutes thorcaitcr gloom and tho ghosts of spcecbcB lone deceased alone occupied tho GALLERY. 