Sketcbey. FOR LIFE. Eleven days on thoroad. iBy no means tho Union Pacific, or any other lino af continuous travel, whoro tho ? minimum of bourico and1 jerk is- combined with tho maximum of com fort possible under steady motion. A road still unknown to surveyor or engineer, boyond reach or thought of railroad-man or speculator and but just opening up its two hundred miles or moro of primeval forest. A road trodden only by Indians or crossed by stealthy fox or lynx, its length winding through treacherous unbroken forest,' only a 'blazo' hero and there indicating at somo points tho course to bo followed, and, whero loo obtrusivo trees were cut away, the stumps left standing at just tho right height for impaling wagon bodies nnd stirring up a degreo or two more of profanity in tho drivers. From Pembina to Crow Wing, and in those two hundred miles of loneliness only the traveller of that region can know what had not tho patient oxen undergone? Twelve miles, tho average day's accomplishment, un til Leech Lake and somo suggestion of a civilized road had been reached. Heavy rains, swollen streams, fathomless mud- holes. Often a morning was spent in hauling wagons aoross ft turbid and turbulent tittle river, and, while the oxen stood dronched and dripping after their reluctant swim to tho other sido, bringing over tho loads package by package on a fallen tree, if such bridge could bo dis covered, or waiting while the two half-breeds swam across with them on their heads. Ncddo, silent and calmly acquiescent in whatever fato might bring, served as foil and back ? ground for Boulanger, who swore in all dia lects from French and English through to Creo and Ohippewa, his black beads of oyes shooting lightning, his' small and gaylybo deoked legs dancing wildly among ' tho pack ages, and hia lean arms emphasizing tho whirKvind of invective. Evert this had ceased to, amuse. Drenched through and through by constant rains, tor mented day and night by mosquitoes in sizo, numbors, and ferocity beyond tho wildest imaginntian of tho Eastern mind, enduranco was all that remained. Even water- lilies palled, and for weary body and moro weary mind but ono desire had force, — to see tho low stockade of tho Crow Wing Agency, and an actual inn, where a real bed, oven if one of four in a row, would bo hailed as deliverance, and whero ono would find a post-office and a daily stage, connecting this last outpost of Civilization with St. Cloud, eighty miles bo low, and the first point where railroads could bo reached. Again a broken bridge gavo another morn ing of unloading, and swearing, and reloading and when at last the rushing river was passed and the wagon once more under way, a trea cherous and shelving mud-holo suddenly swallowed up oxeri and fore- wheels, dumped load and owners into its vory depths, and for five minutes Boomed likely to hold them thero. Then all struggled out together, and, whilo Boulanger shrieked with rago and Neddo ox amined polo and wheels and fished ? out tho Srovision-bnskot, putting tho oontonta on a amp log to dry, pationco at last took flight, and, liko tho ancient prophot in ono of his many predicaments, ' I spake with my ton guo ; I opened wido my mouth. ' I will not stay in this nest of mosquitoes and flies and wait hours for this final catastrophe to un snarl. I shall maroh on to Gull Lake, whoro thoro is a beach, unless this laBt flood has turned it to water, and thoro I can Bit in tho sand and get dry. Of course now thoro ia no getting to Crow Wing to-night, and wo must camp at tho lake.' For .this journoy was by no means a first or second one, and the ox-team was Dimply ono moro oxporienco of frontier travelling. Canoo and flat-train and Indian pony had all boon tried, and either was- hotter than this frightful crawl, inch by inch as it woro. At Gull Lnko, tho first oamping-poink tho pre vious year, ten miles abovo Crow Wing, had boon n solitary wigwam, tenanted by a tooth less but amiable squaw, who gavo mo frosh piokorel roasted in tho ecalos over her fire and affording a new senso of what flavor nnd savor natural methods may hold, and potatoes hardly bigger than walnutB, but dug in my honor from tho field she hnd planted. . Por hnps sho would bo thoroto-day. In any enso alone or with fiuch Bocioty ob sho could give, thoro waited for mo tho clear, still, bluo water in its Bolting of silvory sand, tho blasted, pino with its onglo's nest, tho hush and serenity of tho silont forest. Fivo miles undor tho pines, whoro one wns less tormented by mosquitoes, and thon came a final 01107— ft wndo rathor than a walk. I had forgotten Iho- bog, and tho corduroy had sunk quito out of sight, though I could feel it now and then below tho black mud which hold tenaciously to eaoh foot by turn nnd yielded with a long, slow suck, like a smack of ovil satisfaction over my tribulations. Ton thousand hands could not havo availed against that gray column of mosquitoes, whoso sound scorned at last a trumpot-cnll to other columns, and which, in spito of head net and leather gloves, penetrated unknown and unguarded chink or orevico. Through tho swamp at last, and out 6nco moro undor tho friendly pines, and I ran, knowing tho goal wns near, and seoing soon tho flashing sunlight on tho bluo water. Thoro was a binding figure near tho lake. Along tho brook emptying into it, corn and pens and beans woro growing, and, notually, balsams and Bweot-pcas at tlio end I ' My squaw' has been brought over to white man's fashions,' I said half aloud, nnd then stopped short, ns the figuro sprang up and turned with a subdued ' My gracious 1' when sho saw tho mud-coatod and cakod, torn, and most disroputablo-looking apparition boforo her. So wan a fnco, such watory and faded yet somehow intense blue byes, so in finitesimal a nub of hair, so shadowy yei resolute a wraith, I had novcr yet encount ered, oven in remotest nnd most unfriended cabin, whore a woman's lifo means tho speedy loss of every trace of comolincss nnd grace. ' Well, I call it a providonoe !' sho said, coming forward with a sort of silent rush aa if carried by tho wind. 'Tho first dny I've ovor been lonesomo a mile or thought to caro but ho's gono below thrco days now, an' Shah wcah off for berries, an' I did say jost now by the pond thero, it wns a leetle lonesomo. An' then to think of a whito woman bein' what I should seo ! It does boat all ! Whore bo you from ? I reckon it's a dry country you've loft behind you,' sho added, with a twinkle ' for you'vo brought all tho mud along with you. Now you como straight up along with mo, an' I'll scrape you off somo. Whero's your folks ?' ' Six milos back, in ft mad-hole,'! I answer ed, with the ghostly impresgjon still Btrong upon mo. Tho voico was only a husky whisper, arid r nearer view only intensified the bloodlcssncss of tho skin, hardly hiding Iho poor bones bol6V. Tho woman laughed. ' You think I'm a poor show,' sho said. ' Folks gin'ally do ; But I'm health itself to what I was.' ' You were not hew when I went up a year ago?' ' No : I como in November. Whon you're in some of my clothes an' havo had a cup of tea, I'll tell you all about it. Thoro's tho house. Ain't that pretty well for Gull Lako ? Kinder comfortable ?' Oomfortablo I A palace could not havo held a tenth of all tho word meant 1 A ' but and a ben' only, but how spotlessly neat ! Morn mg-glorios nnd hops climbing ovor door, arid windows where white curtains hung; a snow white bed, shut in by mosquito-bar ; a squaro of rag carpet on the floor ; stove and tins polished to their utmost capnoity, — ono of shining blaoknoss, tho other of shining brightness; a drosser holding civilized dishes; a shelf, where two or threo books lay, — tho Bible, Whittier'a poems, and ' David Coppor field,' — and a pile of well-worn Tribunes ; an old- fashioned rocking-chair with patchwork cushions, and 'light-stand' near it ; and, to complete tho curious mixture of old New England farm-house and frontier cabin, a warming-pan hanging between tho windows, its copper faco shining liko . everything else. 11 You think .that's a queer thing to toto out West ?' snid my hostess, who had already spread a cloth and put on fresh water to boil for tho promised cap of tea. ' I' lotted on- it bofore I was big enough to roaoh it, hangin' thero in grandmother's kitohon up in Vermont ; an' when I went West, leastways what was West forty years ago, — to Ponnsylvany, — I took it along for old times, an' then on to Illinois an' Minnesota, an' here wo both aro up hero. You'd say it wasn't much moro use than Timothy Doxter's ship-load for tho West Injies ; but ho mado a fortuno out 0' that, an' I sort of expect good luck from this one. Now, beforo that.kettlo bilos, you might freshen up a mito. Tho heft of it wo won't do nothin' to till you'vo had your tea.' Words can nover toll the delight of that freshening, — first in cold wator in a real wash basin, then the ten, drunk to an ncconrpani inent of narrativo poured out as if mcro speech wero a gift straight from heaven. An in domitable cheerfulness, a resoluto grasp of those shadowy threads of lifo, seomod tho strangest characteristics of this creaturo, in whoso faded eyes quick gleams of expression came and went, and whoso alertness and oven vivacity wero miraculous testimonies to.. tho imperious will that governed tho frail body, no matter what human weakness interposed. In tho beginning, tho story proved ono I had often heard, — tho exodus of forty years bofore, when Now England, moro especially its northern portion, seemed emptying itself into tho West, tho whito-covored, heavily-laden wagons passing day by day through the old towns, gazed upon by the moro conservativS with apprehension and dismay. ' I hankered after homo. I do it oven now, onco jn a groat while,' tho shadowy woman went on ; ' but I ain't going to dwell on that. Ljkely'B.not, you've hoard-forty folks say tho samo thing. But what you hain't hoerd I'm gom' to tell now. -lie come from Maine, as maybe I didn't say, — born a lumber-man, an' his father ono beforo him. An' so, whon Minnesota opened up, it como easy to put out 0' Illinois, whero farmin' never suited hinii an' whoro thero wasn't a stick 0' timber, except along the river-bottoms, an1 ho alwayB half pinin' for it. He knows his business, an' soon fell into work, an' wo settled down in Minneapolis ; that's about as folksy a placo as you'll find. But, you see, I Wasn't never ovor strong, an' I'd shook in them bottoms till it's my belief there wasn't nn inch insido of mo that kept jest tho place the Lord had laid out to havo it keep. Folks said the trouble was your gall ran out into your livor ; but 1 said your liver ran whero it was a mind to, an'- your stomaoh into whatovor olso thoro was, an* moro'n likoly inlorfored with your lungs an' kopt you from havin' a long breath. That's tho way it looked to mo, oven aftor I got settled in Minneapolis, for mino got shortor an' shortor, an' at last, in spito of mo, I was in bod, an' folks sayin' I shouldn't , novor soo spring. . ; ? ' Now, tho childron hnd died fast aa thoy como, almost. Thoro wasn't ono loft ; an' Hirnm is sot by natur' on what's his own, an' good beyond tho common, an' it Boomed aa if ho couldn't Bland it to Iobo mo too. Wo'd been unluoky, too, — burned out orico, an' tho bank broke that had our nionoy in it, buoIi as it was, — an' ho was prolty low ; an' when lime como to go np to camp ho half broko down, an' ho Baid, ' Malviny, I can't; Sup posin' you Hhouldn't bo hero whon I como bnok. I'd better go aa hand in n mill, nn' earn less.' ' ' Hirain,' I said, ' you tnko mo along with you.' You nover saw a man look mora Beared, for ho thought I was goin' out 0' my mind. But I hadn't noticed folkB an' wayH for nothin', nn' I said, ' Don't you know jost aa well aa tho noxt ono that tho dootors keop sondin' conBumptijo folks up into tho pinorioB 1 an' if your cmnp ain't as good aa anothor,I'd like to know. I can't nmre'n die, anyway ; an' I'm .Hick of boin' tucked up in bed an' an air tight chokin' me day an' night, an' I'm goin1 with you.' ' Mntviny, you can't,' ho said : it's nil mon. There ain't no place.' — ' Then mako a placo,' Bays I. — ' 'Tnin't fit,' Baya ho. 1 Women don't know anything about n passel of mon together.' — ' Then tho moro reason for findin' out, nn' Bcoin' if they enn't be mndo decent,' aaya I, ' if thnt'a what you mean. I feel to know I shan't die if lean git up thcro; an' I won't bo in your way nor tlioirs; but go I will, if I have to walk an' can't do moro'n ten stops a day.' ' Well, ho know- 1 waa set, nn', though I didn't put my foot down very ofton, had it down then, square, an' ho set in a brown study nwhilo, nn' thon ho says, ' Well, Mnlviny, 'tnin't no timo to cross you, nn' I novcr wnnted to yet. If you think you'll hold out, I'll stnrt up-country to-morrow an' Beo about havin' ft Boparnto cabin noxt to camp. Thcy'ro fixin' for winter now, an' I kin go and como in ft weok. But I don't seo how you'll stand it, an' I don't bcliovo you will.' — ' Thon I can bo buried in tho woods,' saya I : ' I always did havo ft hnnkerin' to lay down for good undor pine-trees.' ? , ? 'Well, ho wont off; an' I will Bay I didn't boo myself how I could livo till ho got back, for I had another timo of raisin' blood that very night. It como pourin' straight out; ' but I said, ' I won't givo in. It can't all run out, an' I calculate thoro'll bo onough loft to keop me goin'.' ' Folks wouldn't believe it, but by tho timo Hiram got baok I could drawl to the window. I sot thero when ho como in sight, an' ho was astonished bb you'd want to see. But ho had to lay in nn' git paokod for goin' up, an' tho vory morning all was ready I must needs como down again. Woll, ho waited a day, an' thon ho says, ' I'll go up with tho load, Malviny, an' fix up a bit, an' thon I'll como baok an' tako you up on an empty sled, so'a to make room for a bod an' things for you to go oasior.' — ' I want to go now,' I says : ' I shall bo dead if I don't.' Well, wo argued somo, back and forth, an1 at last ho says, ' It ain't no ubo, Malviny. All's ready now, nn' I'm goin' now, an' I'll come back for you asll said ;' and off ho started for tho barn. I was up that minute an' into my warm things, in spite of Mis' Smith tryin' to Btop me, an' when ho drovo round an' como in I jost walked to the door, 1 No, you don't,' he Bays,, and jost took mo up an' laid mo on tho bed an' run. ' What got into ino then I couldn't toll : tho Lord enrried mo along, I reckon. Any way, I run too, Mis' Smith after mo, an' Hiram jost drivin' off, an' thoro I stuck to tho . runner and wouldn't lot go. Hiram was palo as a ghost, »n' 'most oryin', an' ho says, .'For ? tho Lord's Bake, go bnok, Mnlviny,' nn' I says, ' For tho Lord's snko I won't,' an' jest oraSvled up into tho buffaloos alongside 0' him. 'There's one. chanco in a million of your gottin' there alive,' he says, 'an', if you'ro bound to go on that ono, we'll try it,' that's all;' an' off wo wont. ... : 'Well, whether 'twas tho motion,, on tho air away from that air-tight, or: carryin' the p'int, I couldn't toll, but I grow moro.;an' moro chirk with overy mile. I eat quito ft dinner, an' slop' all night, an1 Hiram ho jest kept still an' waited. I know ho was waitin . But wo got through at last; an' into those very pino vv'oods beginnin' at Crow ^ying. I sniffed 'em an' knew lifo was in 'em if it was anywheres. When Hiram drovo up before the camp, an' Smith, tho overseer, como out, he looked ft minute, an' then sworo right - out 1 Bo you turnin' into a ? fool at your timo 0' life, to bo bringin' a dead woman into cainp ho says. But I know I wasn't anywheres near dyin', an' Smith knows it too, — now. I'd give a sight if ho wasn't below. He's so contented to havo me around again, ho says he don't care if ho never stir from horo the rost of our lives ; an' I'm suro I don't an' wouldn't. I walk 'under them pines, an' smell 'em deep in, an' I says, 'Here's your life'olixir, an' no mistake,' aii' if folks knew it thoy wouldn't die in littlo close rooms, but come out undor 'em. I was always n master-hand for out-doors, an' ho helps along tho house-work, no't wo can garden togothor, an' Shahweah does what ho an' mo ain't a mind to. Mostly aa long as day-light lasts I putter round outsido ; an' I ain't suro but whatl shall bo an old woman yet, oven if I hain't but a pieco of a lung left. ' As for thorn men, you novor soo twenty fellows moro set on boin' agreeable than thoy was. For all havin' to whisper, I always managed to mako 'em hear, an' I did odds an ends for 'em an' sung, an' ono night I oven danced ; an' I nover had ft moro sooiablo win tor. I thought ho'd bo a leotlo lonesome when thoy wont bolow ; . but ho takes a sight of comfort in the Tribune, — we've had it from tho beginnin', — an' ho don't ecem to mind ono mito. I always read consid'ablo, an' I go ovor an' over tho few books we'vo gotj an' find somothin' now overy time. And I expect you'll laugh when I toll you tho only thing that over makes me lonesomo or skeery. 'Tain't Injins : I don see but what they're f olkBy enough, whon you git over thoir blankets. It's loons.: I say thoy're the* loho somest thing in natur' an' ? when thoy hojlor . I jest crawl all over. But then I can git along even with them. An' now I'd liko to know how you come hore,..an' all -about ? it, .- every word j but I'm dreadful sorry ho ain't, to homo.' : .: . --? . ; - - .' -.' ' ??'? ? Helen Cambemt ? '-. ... .'.♦-.. ~- ?':.--, .-? ?;? Tim following is a copy of a postal card written to Lotta by ono of Atlanta's school girls : ' Beauti ful Lotta — Do, pray, ploaso mam, givo a matiuco ; nnd play ' Boh' in Atlanta. So many of us girls want dreadfully' to fico yon, , but can't, get $!).: nt ft timo in pin monoy. If you givo a matinee, a fit ty- cbut one, 1 just dcclnro you would havo tho biggest hound on record. Now, won't you, splondid, glorious, jolly, rollicking, smashing, darling, be witching, Lotta 7 Then you linvo tho bloBBing of n thousand school girls who hnvo not any bcaus to foot tho bill at tlio oiiora house.' — American Paper. A. iunmsomb lady ontorcd a dry goods Btoro.nnd inquired for a ' bow.' Tho pohto clerk throw -.' himself back nml remarked that ho was at her service 'Yes,' but I want n buft, not n green ono,' wnB tho roply. Tho young man wont on measuring goods immediately. 'Ioah't think that all sinners will bo lost,' saiil Mm. Nimbletung. 'There's my husband, now. Ho in/a bad man — a very bad man; but I trust ho will bo saved nt last,. I believe ho ban Buffered liis sharo in this lifo.' ' Amen,' shouted Nimblotung from tho back seat. 