Broadbrim's New York Letter No. 169. JNo one whose memory goes back thirty or forty years can fail to mark the difference in the celebration : of Independence Day. Forty years ago there was not a country village j from the Green Mountains to the Ohio but was all ablaze by dayligh. It was not a day for big folks only; it was the one day iu the year when the small boy had a chance, and lie did not let it go by if he knew it. There were only two holidays in the year. Thanksgiving and Fourth of July. Foreigners were scarce, and we knew nothing about the heathen holidays of New Tears and Christmas. Decoration was not yet invited; but there was hardly a town between the Penobscot and the Mississippi bnt could muster a warrior on the Fourth of July that bad fought in tho Revolution. What an army of those horses there was, and how they last! It is almost a hundred j'ears since peace was finally concluded, but 1 believe there are still quite a numbr of Revolution ary heroes on the pay rolls of the Government who fought, bled and died for their country iu 1776. Bancroft says that they are immor tal, and I think that he must be right. It seems as though every year it grew more dull and spiritless. If it were not that I remember twenty years ago we %rere engaged in a pretty lively skirmish, I should be gin to think that patriotism was dying out. Perhaps there is enough left for seed ; time will tell. The battle between capital and labor is the toughest problem with which we have to grapple iu New Tork at the present time. Like Banquo's ghost, darned thing won't go down. On the one side is a hundred millions of dollars, and on the other the muscles, without the aid of which the dollars are worthless as chaff. We have had plenty of strikes before, but nothing like the present. The organization, is perfeet, and so far tho contribu tions from without have prevented any absolute suffering amoDg the strikers. It is true they don't have spring chickens and ice cream; it is very possible that their porter house steaks may come from behind the horns; but they all get some thing to eat, and to their credit be it recorded that very few of them take too rnueh to drink. There has been no violence of any consequence, no disturbance, and this of itself is a matter of profound congratulation, for these strikers represent a power which if it once broke loose, would m'nke ¥m, H. Yanderbilt and Jay Gould tremble in their boots. It is well they are fed and housed. I hope the strike may end before hunger reaches thorn. It is not to bo supposed that they would see their wives and children starving while two men who never did an honest stroke of work revel in a hun dred millions of dollars. So we anxiously wait for the end. In speaking about the Fourth of July, I am nappy to state that we were not bereft of amuse ments. An Irishman named Sullivan has been marching about the oouutry for the past six months, begging somebody to tread on the tail or his coat. Some months ago he sent one Paddy Ryan to grass, away down South, and from that day to the present he has been aching to knock somebody dowu. So strong was the desire on him to dislocate some body's jaw or break somebody's neck that he absolutely offered any adven turous slugger who wished to become a subject for a coroner's inquest $500 if ho would only furnish him with about twelye minutes' amuse ment. We havo a number of en terprising candidates for State's prison, who would have esteemed it an honor to be knocked out by the champion but the chances soem ed even that, being -knocked out they might not bo ^able to get back; and they were not as fortunate as Guiteau in being spiritually prepared for exit. Still, $500 is a good deal j of money; it is as much as many an honest man earns in a year. The j prize was temptingbutthe applicants j few. One Tug Wilson was impor- i ted all (he way from England, and he signified his intention of giving us a Fourth of July treat. While not ambitious of being knocked out, he declared to his friends that he was going to pocket Sullivan's $500 but on the Fourth of July he did not come to time. Five thousand people steamed out to Washington 3Park, many of them expecting to see a man killed, or at least a half dozen ribs broken. Though Tam many was in session at the time, and John Kelly was enlightening his followers how Patrick Henry signed the Declaration of Indepen dence, one-half of the Board of Aldermen managed to steal away for it is not every day that a man can see a genuine prize fight for fifty cents. One hundred policemen, under command of Captain Gunner were ordered by the Police Super intendent to see that no one inter fered with, the fighters. It was a precious crew to look at and an ex ceedingly unhealthy placo fo a man with a gold watch in his pocket. Pickpockets burglars confidence men and prostiutes were promiscuous ly mingled together. We have had many queer exhibitions in New York, but nothing of late years to equal the exhibition at Washing ton Park' on the Fourth. Each policeman costs us four dollars a day, and there were tine hundred of them on duty at the fight; and I am delighted to add that they were not the least interested portion of the spectators, though for them the exhibition was a free blow. Capt. Gunner, to his credit be it said, got a good position near the ropes where nothing could interfere with his view and he seemed to enjoy it most heartly when Elliott, the only pugi list of note who appeared, was car ried to his corner covered with blood apparently in a dying condition. After this noble fete, several people in the crowd talked of nominating Sullivan for Mayor of New York; his majority, no doubt, would be tremendous, and he might be a dan gerous candidate for the Presidency in 1884. There is a change for the falling fortunes of Tammany! John L. Sullivan, the Slugger, for Presi dent in 1884. Wall street has been dull. The brokers' wives have all gone out of town, and for the next few weeks we are not looking for anything startling. It seems as if more peo ple have gone away from New York and Brooklyn than I ever knew to leave before. It has got to be a kind of mania. People seem to think it disgraceful that they have to stay at home. The weather has .been a heavy blow to most of the watering places in the vicinity of New York; an j overcoat would not have felt uncom fortable on the Fourth of July, and on the nights of . the Fourth and fifth the majority of people went for an extra blanket. Whether it is the sun spots or the icebergs, I can't tell; but the past few days have been the most unseasonable that I have seen for many a year. Brother Beecher takes flight for his refuge in the White Mountains, where he seeks satety trorn the an noyances of Plymouth Church and the catarrh. Dr. Talmage seeks inspiration along the coast of Maine, and other lesser lights are scattered far and wide. To hold the fort in their absence, I see the Salvation Harmy ave come to the front. Cap tain Maria 'Obson, Mayor Susan Helldridge, Colonel Mary 'All and several bothers. Miss Colonel Mary' All declared that she could 'Old the Fort halone, bif hall the others left. I 'ope so. It is a satisfaction to know that in the habsenoe of the regular shepherds we are not to be left entirely destitute of spiritual consolation, but till the hautumn leaves liar falling wo shall be guard ed by the 'osts hof the Salvation Harmy. Since the steamship companies have concluded to pay the. fifty cents a head on the immigrants,,, things have been running smoother atCaetle Garden. It was looking rutlier equally there about two weeks ago. There was no money, and it looked as if the bottom was about to drop out of the Immigration Commission. For the present they are safe, and though the President has vetoed the bill that was hurried through both housos of Congress a week ago, they are etill in hopes to pass another, which will do no injustice to the steamship companies and still meet the President's sanc tion. Oar streets are full of all sorts of foreigners presenting some of the queerest rigs that mortal eyes ever looked upon. It is with great difficulty that those who have Brought guns are persuaded to leave them in Castle Garden. The chance of being attacked b^ Indians as they wander up Broadway is more than they can stand, and besidcB they might get a buffalo amongthe shrub bery on the Battery. Trusting that vou have had a pleasant Fourth, I am, Truly yours Broadbrim. A Mother of Criminals.—In tbe 'Century,' for July, E. V. Sm alley described ' A Great Charity Reform,' due in conception and mainly in elocution to Miss Louisa Lee Schuyler, of New York city, a leading member of ' The State Charities Aid Association,' The consequence of neglect and the power of heredity are illustrated as follows: —At one of the meetings of the Association,' when the subject of preventing pauperism by giving proper training to tbe children of paupers was under consideration. Dr. Elisba Harris related the ter rible story of' Margaret, the Mother of Criminals.' It has been published in the newspapers, but can profit ably be read again to illustrate the great importance of one branch of the Association's work. Margaret was a pauper child left adrift in one of the villages on the Upper Hud son, about 90 years ago. There was no almshouse in the place, and 1 she was made a subject- of out-door relief, receiving occasion ally food and clothing from the town officials but was never educal ed or sheltered in a proper home. iSlie became the mother of a long race of criminal s and paupers which has cursed ihe country ever since. The country records show two hundred of her descendants who have been criminals In one generation of her unhappy line there were twenty children, of whom seventeen lived to maturity. Nino served terms aggregating fifty years in the State prison for high crimes, and all the others were frequently inmates of gaols and almshouses. It is said of tho six hundred and twenty-three descend ants of this outcast girl, two hun dred committed crimes which brought them upon the Court records and most of the others were ^ idots drunkards, paupers, or prostitutes. The cost to the country of this race of criminals and paupers is estimated asut least 100,000 dollars taking no account of the damage^ they inflicted upon property, and the suffering and degradation they caused in others. Who can say that all this loss and wretchedness might not have been spared the community if the poor pauper girl Margaret had been provided with a good moral home-life while she was growing up to womanhood. That attorneys need no burial. but that all that is required is to leave the window open whentheDevil is popularly supposed to fly out with body and soul of the defunct, are matters which none but the profes sion deny. But in no part of the world are they so Bevere on the gen tlemen of the long robe as in Ireland In former times it used to be, and in some towns even now is the cus tom to carry the coffin on the shoul ders of four bearers to the grave and also for some personal friend of the dear departed to make a short speech on the occasion. A lawyer having died, a witty but sarcastic friend was asked to give the funeral oration. This he did in the follow ing manner:—Stopping tbe four bearers, who were likewise attorneys, on the brink of the grave, ho said: Geutlemcu, stay 1 audi make no wonaer, Ono rogue up, tnd lour rogues under 1 i His body is hero—his soul's on a journey, I Tbe Devil's at law, and wants an attorney! Valuable Discovery for the Hair —If j our bail' is turning grey or white, or falling off, use tbe Mexican Hair Renewer,' for, it will nosisively restore in every case grey or uihite hair to its original colour, without leaving tbe disagroeable smell of most Restorers.' It makes the hairs chnrmiugly beautiful it isas well for promo'.ing the growth of the hair on bald spots where tbe glands Hre not decayed. Auk your chemist for,' The Mexican Hair Renewer," so'.d by Chemists and Perfumers everywhere at 3s. 6d per Bottle. Wholesale de pot removed to 83 Farriogden Road London. 