A Dream. ABN ORIGINAL SKETCGT BY " A." Yes! it was certainly the voice of a goat and it was actually singing "over the hills, and far away, " Ijumped from out my bed, drew aside the t.lind and peerin, out into the night, and beheld the extraordinary spectacle of a skeleton goat, repeating in a pained and regretful voice "over the hills-over the hills." This constant iteration became so monotonous that I addressed the creature as follows. "Pray Mr. or Mis. goat, as the case may ie, why do you wish to Smpress the words of that not particularly juvenile song, so strongly on my mind ?" Slowly came the reply " Because 1 come from over the hills." I then suggested that it should return there. l'The goat seemed to accept the suggestion in a friend ly spirit, but being evidently anxious to impart some further intelligence I asked what led it to wander 'neath my window. Whereupon she, (for I at length .perceived from-its modtlesty that the ghost was of the feminine sex) related the following history. " Yon.mnust know friend, that I am a murdered goat. Nay, start not, it is the fact. Stroll;ng out one day to bee a respectable friend of mine, I tfell into the hiands of the Phillistines and met with an untimely death-I will not trouble you my friend with the details of that death for it of itself was of little consequence. Indeed it brought me both fame and followers, for since that event even animals of your own species have taken to imiaing me, andz by long practice and sitting up at nights, have arrived at such perfection that were the sex disguised and sundry additions and improvements in the heard eff cted, my own parents might be deceived. " " But," continued the goat "I am some. what disgressing from my story. What' grieves me most is, that even my poor bones cannot rest-over my decease such a turmoil of confliction has arisen that until peace is prT;claimed, the grave hath no charms for me." All this, I admitted, was very sad, but still I could not hblp wondering what brough the deftunct goat's carcase so far from its nat ve run, and I to put it to the shadow, "Why do you wander here if your heart is over the hills." The goast was moving away when I addressed it thus, but being a courteous obliging goat it turned its head and said languidly. " iMy friend, I needed change. I have so severely taxed my energies of late in educating , horse that I require rest." "Educating a horse! " I hurriedly uttered. "What? No never! " "Yes my friend" the goat answered, "educating a horse. Some time ago an animal of that description residing in my neighbourhood had the misfortune to lose the greater part of its tongue, and since then I've been endeavouring to teach it the Deaf and Dumb Alphabet! " The idea of a goat being so employed licked my fancy so much that, in spite of my respect for the retreating shadow, I laughed outright. The effort brought me straight up in my bed, and to my surprise I found it was only a dream, caused, I am afraid, by a little too much "Three Star andt the reading of some correspondence re "Stray coat shooting in W.A." 