DEATH OF HANLAN. Br Elbctsic Telegraph. (from the age correspondent.) LONDON, Jane 11. . The Daily Telegraph, in a special issue, announces the death of Edward Haitian the -champion sculler of the world, who was re cently reported to have been prostrated with an attack of fever. General regret will be evoked by the death of Harilah, the champion oarsmen of the world. His performances have been such as stamp Mm ss being the best man that ever sat in a racing boat, ns, combined with the pluok and stamina that are so necessary to constitute a first-class sculler, Banian had mastered the secret of the . sliding seat in a manner that placed him far beyond all his compeers, and so made his suc cess in the various matches he contested during bis career a matter of certainty before he started- He has been rightly described as a phenomenon scalier, and it will probably be many years before his like is seen again, Haitian was born at Toronto, Canada, in 1855, and was therefore 2i years of age at the time of his death. Daring his early years he followed the occupation of a fisherman, and as early as the age of sixteen years he com peted successfully in a doable scull race on Toronto Bay. In 1873 he won the amateur sculling championship at the Toronto regatta, on which occasion be defeated a couple'of men who were looked upon as being scullers of more than average merit. Next year he . won the championship of Burlington Bay, and in the some year he defeated two prominent scullers, Louden and Douglas, for the Governor- General's prize. In 1876 he won the champion belt of Ontario, and in September of the same year he won the championship at the Centennial Exhibition. The race was rowed on the ScfovlkfeU River, " at Philadelphia, and some 'of' the best oarsmen in the world competed. Trie 6—1 heat was won -by Haitian in 21 min. 291 sen, the fastest time on record, and the perform ance stomped him as a . scnller of the very first force. His next appearance was at Boston, where be. met defeat in polling Plaisted and Johnson, owing to lus outriggers breaking, but he snhteqnently bent both men with the gratiete ease. His next encounter was with Evan Atoms, whom he also disposed of in a ridiculously easy fashion, and he was then matetod to row Wallace Boas, who was re- gsrdedas the champion of America, lor 1000 dol, quid the championship of Canada. This race farther confirmed the opinions that had been expressed as to Haitian's marvellous brilliancy, as be won from start to finish and ?<njave ...bis opponent the slightest chance. In 1877 Haitian best Pirated and "Boss a second time, and in July of that year won at Brock- villey, against eight of the reputed best scullers in America, end repeated the performance at the Bame regatta a few weekB afterwards. Oonrtenay at this r time had come to the front and put forth bis claims to be con sidered champion, and a match between the two for 6000 dol a-side was the result. Trie race wae rowed at fortunes on the St. Lawrence, and Hasten won by a length after a desperate rate. In ,1879 be visited England and beat Hawdon, who was then an aspirant for championship ' honours, in the "moat ridicnlons a manner that canaed jio: small surprise, and wtonpeg theGanadian as a wonder. Ho literally rowod downhis man -from ' start' to finish, and never, gave him the ghost of a show. English oarsmen wfulljrecogiiiaed Hanlan'awonder- fnl powers, and no one caring to tackle him, he returned to Ganada, and after the' -Conrtenay fiasco, when Oomtonayri boat was cut in two on tea eve of tee raoe, be beat Riley. In Jnhe, U80, haras beaten riy Wallace1 fioas,mthe Hop Bittern zaee, owing to rudden flinesx, and his first match fria Trickett iras then made. Trie xfc J?1 rowedonthe 15th November, 1881, on tte .Thames, anff theCanadian wonderbeat the Colours! very badly. On this occreion Hanlan's "fete oaHed forte the unqualified approval of nil the oretics, and he waa regarded as the most seientific ro wer that hid evm- sat in a shell, as hm wonderful mastoiy of tee slide, combined rath raretedewfoped>hscriter power, enabled hitn to send a boat along at a pace: none of -bis nvrta coffidejual ' Zayoock vrao was in Ehg- fand at the teae of Triokettk defest. wontee ®P Bitters prige shbseqaenttohisoounteymin's revisse, and rhaDenged tiie Canadian. He was aocommodated ,and defeated, after which Hen- ten retained to Osnads: . Tridrett also visited Amenca,;blit thmthere was a great deal ef talk of . a matoh between tire two men nothing bewomo- hollow 19th .pf thisvmouth. Recently a tdegram informed us that the match had been post- pooed Owing to Haitian's illness, and it worid now appear as if that illness was much more serious than was at first anticipated, and culm; -stated in the death of a man who was foremost as an oarsman, and commanded the respect of .all who came in contact with him for honesty. 