The Re-capture of Delhi. (From tha 'Oornhill Magazine.') I\raNT to Delhi in the month of November 1857, on a visit to a military friend who was then quartered there. It will be remembered that we had re-captured the rebellious city, after a siege of several months, in the month of Septem ber. As we had attacked the city from one side only, most of the inhabitants had fled from it before we took it. They had got out as we came in. Ifor a great fear was upon them. We bad then expelled almost all that remained behind on military grounds. We had to ocoupy the whole city, and garrison it with a very small force. The city had been declared confiscated also. It \ras most strange to ride through the now silent streets and deserted squares of the great city. You seemed to be going over a modern Pompeii. There did not come over you the strange ghastly feeling of unrealiiy that steals you over in Pom peii. You were not carried into a strange new world of sight and thought and feeling. You were not weighed upon by bygone ages, oppressed by Time. Time, like spaoe, is a most) oppressive thought to tfl8 human mind. And any of the great monu ments of the past, such aa Pompeii, which mark off some portion of its boundlessness, carry with them some of its weight and mystery. But it was the contrary of these things, with the similar silentness and desolation that weighed upon you. Here was all the reality of recent life ^ of yesterday, of to-day. But still, somehow, there was here the feeling of a bye-gone age. The city could not have been alive yesterday, that was bo silent now. It seemed somehow a ?fclirng of the past. The tide of war had not flowed through this retired street. There had been richer quarters to ransack. Everything stood here as it had been left. Here stood the houseBj with their furniture, poor, but all the people had $ here were the shops with their little stock of goods still on the counter. But there was so human being in the nouses, or in the shops, or -£n the street. There was no going in end out ; no standing up and sitting down j no sound of voices. Dead silence reigned over all. If it is impressive in Pompeii to see in the streets the marks of the wheels that rolled a 1000 years ago, to find the loaves that were baked but not eaten then, it was also impressive here to find the cooking-pot on the fire-place; the bread in -the dish ; the.bed laid out to sleep on ; tha cart tiwt had been left standing at the door. If in Pompeii it is reeurrection, here it was sudden death. If In Pompeii you look on a ghost, here you looked* on a dead body from whjch the warmth of life had hardly fled. Strangest of all was it to pass through the Chandnee Chouk, the ?* Moon light' or ' Silver Square/* the central market place, and find it, too, void and silent. For it had been bo full of life and sound and movement but a 6hort time before as it is again to- day. For the Chandnee Chouk was and is the Esgent-street and Pall Mall combined of Delhi.. And Delhi was the great imperial city of the East. More than Granada, more than Cordova, more even than Constantinople, Delhi lias been the \ great city of the Mahommedan conquest. To the followers of the Prophet the fondest and proudest memories hung about it. It was the capital of the greatest empire over which, the crescent had 6hene and held sway. It marked their proudest conquest. But a few months before the Chand nee Chouk at midday had been one of the most bright, gay, glittering, bustling, picturesque i places that you could see. The whole place' ehone and sparkled. In the dresser cf the people J were to be seen ail the colours of the rain- j bow, as bright as you see them in the i sky. Twenty different kinds of robe and] headdress went by yon in a few minutes. For here oame together people from all parts, sot only of India, but of Asia. The shops on either side were filled with glistening goods. Tha two driving roads oa either side of the broad street -s-ere thronged with vehicles. Hers went by the English-made barouche with its pair of horses, and the canopied ' But!h/* looking like a pagoda on wheels, drawn by a tall and lordly pair of bullocks. Here want by the elephants with gaudy housings, whisldngtheirtrunks,and looking about them with their little eyes. They lookedlika little mountains which had walked away with the castles on their tops. The men, and even the women, from neiehbourins Eaioootana weat bv on their high-bred -camels. The young dandies of the place rode about en their capering curvet ting horses, with coloured legs and tail and plaited mane. The central walk, with its avenue of trees and the canal down its middle, was thronged with people on foot. The place was full of the voices of tne people and the cries of the itinerant vendors. ' Melons, sweet melons I' — ^Here are roses and sweet jessa mine!' — ^'Oakes fresh and hot I** — ^ugais cane and ' water-nuts I*' — ' Tthey, sweet whey!' The beggara were calling 'Take thought of 'the poer*^— 'Eemember the needy' — Feed the hungry in Allah's name.' And everywhere was the tinkling of the little brass cups of the water-oarriers, and their musi cal cry of '* Water f er the thirsfy, water 1' For no voice is so harsh that it oou|d make the word for water other than mastealand sweet sounding. Most strange was ft, then, to side through this street «nl find itqnfte silent, empty, and.de sert«4j wflknossHndinitbnttheeohoes of the hoswrboofr fax teaching tiirough the void. JRntMxmMMn *ijgainw» KfrsBancuMfcr-Ayoat to*ie*w«&WNDtt;«isrt «mno patron nearthwitS ?in 11(6 vans wnen ?nuKoa wnc n. a person m utwiifltiblo te.iululilitu*w whan olae jrinjj oa Iiisbiiokt whiok ts hotisw (5 w oflnfcre, a this wattoos the -Sleepes to tie on Ss back, 'The bed snonli be levol, and not too soft, Sand the pillow moderate in thick 