" EmimjALKM AND BlllLICAL DeSIONOLOG*' The second of Air., Cook's 4. lectures - was delivered in the Albert Hall on Thursday nigHt before a large audieuco. 1 '1 lis re. served aud Becond seats were well filled, and, as was the cabo on ;the: previous evening, the gallery was crammed some time boforti the hour; for the - oowmenca* ment of the proceedings.; The l^ctaro waa oa "Spiritualism and Biblical Doraonology," and whs listened to, throughout with, tho keenest interest, the remarks of Mr. Cook, hting fre quently. applauded. Tho chair was ' taken by His Excellonoy the Governor. ;; AfLer.tho tneot-. ing had been opened with praycr by the Rev. £. Griffith^'Bis Excellency, in a few appro* priste .words, introduced the lecturer.1 Mr. Coos after remarking that in discussing such a su ject as that chosen fi.r bis lecture no mistake was bo small at not to be colossal, and there were four positions. . which could bo taken concsruiog. Hpiriiiotiir— the. affirmative) negative, eVasivo, .and hypothetical. He thought it too early to assume the affirmative or.negative positions. Bo was not prepared to assert; that., there, was nothing in spiritism—that there woreho proofs in it of the existence of; occult laws not yet discovered. T "What if one or two occult laws arc yet beyond our ken; what at there are more things in the human constitution tnan are dreamt of. in our philosophy; what if, wo yet need to spend some centuries in investigating the nervous system of the.brain and. the powor of mind oyer matter! He was .somewhat iuclinod to agree with Professor! Crooks, that there waa connected with the nervous ays* tem a peouliar power which he called .psychic force—will force. Then he was not deposed to adopt the evasive position on this topic, as it would... be unmanly, ■ - and : he. took up the fourth or hypothetical position, all he had to say on spiritism being fUmmariaed .iu two let'ere—11 if.** Ho held five proportions to he truo concerning modern spiritism, and the first three were hypothetical. . (1) The chief, pro* positions . of modern, spiritualism aro two— first, the possibility of iatercouuo betwcoa human and disembodied, or .supermundane spirits; and second,; the trustworthiness of .tho communications as sources of ro* ligibhs knowledge. (2) Spiritualism haB by . no. ., means: proved the trustworthi ness of these. alleged communications, and probably will be as lar from pro-ring it after a* many hundred years moro.of effort to ostabliah it as itisnnwuftcrcchtnriesofefibrttodoso. (3) If the reality of the communications Were es tablished, aud it should be impopsibloto estab lish the trustworthiness, all' that would • be proved would be the cxiatenoo, and Agency of evil spirits—a position neither new nor un scriptural. (4) If the reality of the (umtnuoi cation should be proved great barm would result, for the mnstes of the peoplo would ig r.orantly or enthubiastically believe the trust* worthiness of the communications also. .(5.) If the reality, of tha communications should be proved; a certain indirect good may result, for if spiritism should turn out to bo simply a re- din. covery of the ancient art of coosnlliug familiar spirits it would yet contain modern-evidence of the superhuman, aud aseist ia tbd combat against modern mat'rmlintic scepticism. There was a distinction between a spiritualist and a biblical dumonologist. lie called . no man a spiritualist unless he a'Rrrled both tbo reality And, in some sense, the trustworthiness of alleged coTninunicauoiiH. l?or hinn»eU, ho cluimed to ho a biblical demohologUU All thoo. iosiaoa held on 15ible evidence that ovil spirits exist and tempt ua in various ways. In reference to spiritistic communications, he held that there had boon no scientific proof— adequate evidence founded on rcpoated and exact experiment—not only of tbeir trust worthiness, but oven of their very existence, j There war nothing moro wonderful in some of j the *0'Called manifestations than, thuro was in muny clover feats of legordemain ho had wit nessed in Loudon and Germany; and it was notorious that conjurors claimed that they could parallel anything the spiritists could! perform. 1 A brief reference w^s here made to what the lecturer .termed the. notorious conversion at Melbourne of Thumm Walker, the '[ trance lecturer,'" from spiritism to secularhm ;. the career of D. M. Bounett, a epiritiat, at Bom* bay,'whose name..had been used in a pamphlet circulated in Brisbane; and to Mrs.Besantaud Mr. Btadlrtugh. Tho lecturer then-said ho; would not uIIotV the Christian platform to ho soiled by entering into a public dissuesion with men who were-moro or lets concocted with tho propagation of infidel immorality,, and ha had ouly received, .challengos. from such poring. He then went.on to argue that tho allbgud phenomena of Bpiritisffi) ii admitted to be real, wore not supernatural, and pointed out and emphariz :d the difference be tween the superhuman und the fcuperuaiural.. Passing on, he referred to the doctrines of ^we« denborg, and condemned ono of hie works ns being notoriously mischievous, and then dis cussed soma of tho alleged spiritualistic, rovn* lations dealing at length .with cortain alleged mediumislu: . communications from i Blade. to Professor Elinor, of Leipsio. In conclusion, ho said, lot the in prove if they could, by. modern evidence, that all that tho Bible says is ti tie, bat let them ever remember that the highest communion of all was opsu to every cne of them—the.'communion of. tho Holy Ghost'. 