OUR VICTOR! Afa uETTES [From our own Correspondent.] Melbourne, December 22, 1882. ? The whole colony has been thrown into mourning by an event at once unlooked for and terrible. The lamentations for the Hawthorn railway accident, by which over a hundred persons have been more or less disabled were echoing through the land when the shock of a more dire catastrophe electri fied the people with foreboding and dread which quickly. became a sure loss and 3orrow of unprecedented magnitude. When it was known that twentv-seven men had been im pounded in a mine at Cres wick by a ' house of water' which had broken in upon them from the shaft of an adjacent and disused mine, few who were familiar with the history of such accidents in the old country enter tained any hope o£ their rescue. There wa3 just the chance that they might have retreated up sundry 'backs' which were known to exist, but even in such cases the chances were that they would perish of slow suffocation. 'Whether anyone was to blame for the acci dent does not yet appear, but there was certainly no blame- or delay when the true nature of the occurrence be came known. The whole colony was moved as if by one impulse, and every re. source that could be utilised to the one absorbing end was strained to the utmost. There was indeed much more help available from Melbourne wich the necessary apparatus as soon as they could be dispatched; ap pliances were expeditiously rigged for baling cut the gathering waters with unique expedi. tion, and the mighty steam-engine throbbed with an energy which seemed sympathetic, and smote with swift strokes as though she too knew that- the lives of the imprisoned miners hung upon her rapid, tireless, and faithful energy. It was indeed a sigh* to see. It almost breaks one's heart to write about. The pit's mouth was a scene which can never be forgotten by those who witnessed it. There, were. the brawny and resolute toilers fighting with grim death for ihe lives of their comrades and friends, their faces set with a determination as rigid as fate, and their hearts strong within them to dare any darger that had the warrant of even the faintest hope. There also were the patient watchers with blanched faces and breaking hearts, hoping against hope, yet crushed and tortured by thecruelfearthat the faces of th03e they loved would never again see the light of day. Patiently they waited until the sun went down, then the twilight deepened, the stars came out, 'and the night fell and all the land was dark ;' but they still sat in groups around the shaft, thinking neither of darkness nor the cold of the deepening night, their great dread making them insensible to all outward things, and the flickering hope that was within them expelling all sense of everything else in life. When the survivors were first communicated with a faint reply came from within, 'We are all right.' The news was too good to be looked into very narrowly. The first impulse was acted upon, and the intelligence flew up the shaft with almost lightning speed. The joy was too great. Terrible had been the grief ; but the recovery from despair to assured hope was terrible also. The [ecstasy broke like light upon the faces of those recovered from blind ness. The gladness became hysteric and convulsive. A few bent their heads and wept in silence the tears of utter thank fulness; some sobbed aloud. Big-hearted men embraced and kissed each other as though they were children, while great tears fur rowed their lightened faces like rain. Here, indeed, . was the one touch of nature which, makes the whole world kin. All was swallowed up in the one thought, one feeling, one over whelming sense of 'an unspeakable recovery of those dearer than life from an imminent and horrible- death. Alas, and alas I it seems almost like participating in the cruel irony of remorseless fate to write it — but all Hie same it is true that the good boon was all too, narrow, and the friends of twenty-two slain men, out of the twenty-seven imprisoned, ?were but mocked by the premature intelli gence. They were lifted up only to be speedily cast down into the deeper depths of utter hopelessness and despair. When five of the men, more dead than alive, had been sent up, there was an ominous delay. The sus pense was terminated by the appearance of two of the searchers, who strode away with averted faces as soon as they landed. They could not give to that multitude, with eager and hungry craving for comfort, a stone'hard as iaie iuiu cuia us ueai.ii. -i..uey uuuiu not bring themselves to speak that fated word which would kill, as with a sword thrust, the hope and the joy that had been newly kindled. At last they were so beset that they were forced to deliver up their-message, and one of them, tbefatherofapooryouugboy dead in the drive, lifted his hands in speech less pain as if to thrust back the terrible truth from his own consciousness. This movement seemed in some degree -to unloose his tongue, and in a low wailing whisper, in answer to the pressing enquiries, he said — 'There are no more to come !' Then the lamentations 'broke out afresh like a tornado, and swept the whole assembled company like a tempest of despair; even those who were not directly concerned caught the contagion of the new smi\ mwvplif-lmin& riisf.ivuas p.nri vronf in bitter but sympathetic sorrow with the sorely bereaved, ones. There was no longer the vestige of ground on which to build the' faintest shadow of a hope. The worst had been discovered, and it was very bad and heart-breaking indeed. Twenty-five of those who had gone down to their labor with life, and health, and hope before them, after being steeped in death to the neck for two days and night?, with just space enough to keep their mouths above water, had- succumbed to the agony and dread of their situation, and an atmosphere in which they did not suffer the extreme tortures of thirst of the victims of the Black Hole. of. Calcutta, only because {heir bodies were almost- wholly immersed in water. It will be remembered by, tuex-lder amongst the colonists that when the steamer Adinella was wrecked off Cape Northumber land over twenty years ago, and some of the passengers were thrown .on a rock in the sea and impounded there on account of the severity of. the weather nearly a week; their sufferings from thirst were, said: to be, con- siderably mitigated by the fact that the water was washing over them more or less during the whole time, lne survivors of the Gres wick disaster state that they suffered terribly from thirst, on accountof the confined and poisonous atmosphere which they were com pelled to breathe- It is certain, however, their sufferings were-, less than they would have been but for the fact that they were saturated with wet. They, tried to drink the water that .brought death, to them, but it was so foul they could not.. The great spring-tide wave of emotion which took its rise at the shaft's mouth in Creswick has not only swept over the colony with great force, but is also producing results of a very practical sort. Private individuals and public bodies have been vieing with each other who shall help the most. Sydney Smith says that charity usually lies in A thinking how desirable it is that B should heln to supply C's necessity. It is too much to hope that this recognisable trick of the self-deception and greed of common human nature should ever disappear wholly so long as human nature is what it is ; but it must be said that there has been but little of it apparent in this instance. The occasion has been too exigent and uncompromising to admitof any such inopportune trifling. Selfish ness itself might well be hesitant and abashed in the presence of %uch a naked calamity. A public meeting was held in Melbourne and presided over by the Gover nor, at which over £700 was raised. The sum of £3,000 has been raised in Creswick alone, and it is anticipated that similar amounts will be forthcoming from Ballarat aud Sandhurst. Mr. Cooper, the member for Creswick, moved in the House that £1,003 should be voted to the relief fund, and Mr. Ekhardson, the other member for that place, very aaturally seconded it, stating at the fame time that he wished it had been £5,030 instead of £1,CCO. Mr. Mirams, however, the member for Collingwood, who has only shop, keepers, factory hands., .bootmakerSjV.ani. tabnun to propitiate*; ..objected to. the vote. Admitting the -calamity, ami ex pressing, his. sympathy- on account of it, he said that the House could not consistently as a matter, of policy vote the amount pro« posed. In his own constituency a widow with six children had recently, been left in a state of destitution. The widows and orphans of the miners were but widows and orphans, and if they had on that' ground a claim on the public purse, others in similar circum stances had a like claim. The majority of the House appeared to think with Mr. Mirams, and on the motion of an hon. mem ber Mr. Cooper's motion was postponed. Some of the goldfields members propose to unite for the purpose of securing a vote of £10,000 for the purposeof forming a^ national mining accidents fund. Meanwhile public subscriptions are proceeding at such a rate and to such an extent that it is estimated not less than £20,000 will be raised in this way. Whether the State contribute anything or not the indications are plain that the large sum which is sure to be contributed will be managed in a way which will leave the greater part of it for future, contin gencies. Mr. Munro's motion, ostensibly for the purpose of forcing the hand of the Govern ment, but really involving a no- confidence demonstration, was little more than & fiasco. Mr. Berry announced hi3 adhesion to it, but he did not carry all of even his diminished followers with him. Some of them declined to strangle the Ministry under the ignoble cover of a railway accident, and some held aloof declaiing their opposition to Mr. Munro personally, Mr. Longmore, with his usual unconventional straightforvranlness, broadly asserted that he distrusted Munro. He hai proved himself to be a traitor. Judas be trayed his master with a kiss, but the hon. member was a thousand Judases rolled into one. I am bound to admit that this sort of language was , confined on this occasion en tirely to Mr. Longmore, but all the same the motion did not succeed, but was defeated by ft. /tnnftT*-)ara.]t1o -m-i^/\9*x+.Tr T4-. ie 4I110 4*Yl IVTi*. Munro to say that Sir Bryan O'Loghlen voluntarily and somewhat needlessly elected to regard the motion in a no-confidence light. It is one of the weaknesses of the hon, baronet to exhibit on occasion a sensitiveness which is eminently Irish. It is not the first time he has trailed his coat, sometimes with good reason no doubt, but sometimes without sufficient cause, before the Opposition.! For a man who must know that he is at the head of a shuttle cock and tolerated Ministry Sir Bryan cer tainly exhibits some courage and a good deal of temerity at times. He is courteous, affable, and conciliatory; but he is also at times irascible, pugnacious, and exceedingly obstinate. He will sometimes take an ex treme stand upon what is little more than a political crotchet, asseverate his emphatic de termination not to yield an inch : — ' Come one, come all, this rock shall fly From its firm base as soon as I,' and then by a sudden change of front, which he felicitiously enough calls conquering him self, will yield the entire position, and take his orders with wonderful docility from his patrons the Conservatives. He will no doubt be tkept in position as a political necessity until after the dissolution of the House, but unless the general election eventuates in fewer changes than are anticipated he is not likely to hold the reins of power for a lengthened period in the new Assembly. Sir Bryan said he was as eager as Mr. Mur.ro for the fullest enquiry into the causes of- the railway accident, but he would not have his hand forced, and could not lend himself to a course whieli would anticipate the finding of the coroner's jury, by ?which, it might happen that some person or persons might be tried for mau« slaughter. Mr. Munro was .-untroubled by. any such scruples, and sought chiefly to make political! capital out of the event. The event proved that the Premier gauged the opinion of the House more accurately than his op ponents. The majority of eleven by which the House declared for him would have been increased by some ifour or five if some hon. members who were away had been present. The O'lioghlen Ministry is harder to kill than the animal with the proverbial nine Jives. It has been in existence' only eighteen months ; during that time it has had to bear 4-lin TkVnini-. e\f Tin loss 4-.llA.ll A?Airan itrMfilji attacks. Its faults and weaknesses are not unfrequently conspicuous, but it has at least the merit of a politic and tenacious self preservation. The new Bill for the better management of railways meets with only scant favor. The highest praise in its favor is only partial and qualified. It proposes to appoint three com missioners, who are to hold office during the next six years conditionally on good be havior. They are to constitute a board, and. to have the sole power of making appoint ments and promotions, the Engineer-in-Chief and the secretary of railways excepted. They are to be empowered to make regulations for the service, conduct examinations when needed, supervise the general administration, and recommend such improvements as they may deem fit to bring under, the notice of the Minister. The chairman is to receive £1,200 and the others £1,000 a year, each. The ob jection is that the Bill does not go far enough. The Argus, taking. the part of the candid friend, unceremoniously designates the Bill 'a- complete sham.' The proposed commissioners would be permanent officers without executive control, and the political history of the colony, shows how powerless such officers are so long as Ministers have a. substantial and supple majority at their back inthe House. If the Engineer-in-Chief and the secretary of railways were to make common, cause with the Minister— whom alone they would have any interest in pleasing— the three commissioners would be rendered im potent if they happened -to be in opposition. Exception is taken- to the proviso that these officers, may be removed by an. address from the Legislative Assembly to the Governor praying for such removal, on the ground that the functions of the Upper House are alto gether ignored. ' Ministers would exercise as much power as ever, only, when convenient, they would be able to take . shelter behind advice which they themselves have inspired or directed.' It is declared that the Bill cannot pass, that it must be taken back, and the quicker the better ; and that the best thing the Government can do is to 'conquer' itself; once more. The Bill may pass. Even . eminent prognosticators are occasionally at fault, and the press, even when combined, is not always omnipotent; but my own opinion is that in its present form it has not and. ought not to have the ghost of a chance. It is my opinion that the reform needed in the management- of our railways is not the in crpAsfi f\f -*AmT-lif*at**f5 . mar»hinorv new e\f sinecure posts for the benefit of amateur muddlers, but a clear-headed man of ample practical experience, a firm will, and supreme power of control. All our railway adversities have'eome upon us since Mr. Thomas Higgin botham was cashiered on the infamous Black Wednesday. We can never replace him ; but ?we should secure, with as little delay as possible, a first-class man from England or America at any cost, and make him respon sible for the general direction. The traffic manager on one of the great English lines has a salary equal to that of the Lord Chan cellor, but he is presumably the best man that can be secured, and does his work in - such a manner that the £20,000 a year which is paid him is a piece of the most attested economy. The force of this will be seen when it is stated that the three railway accidents which we have lately had — Beaufort, Jolimont, and Windsor — have cost £2,200, £45,200, and £15,000 respectively— a total of £62,500. What the. Hawthorn catastrophe will cost no one cares to forecast. There are in this case no less than 110 claimants. Some vl xne ciauua »ui uu uuuut ue surea ouc, or nearly so ; but there are several instances in which substantial compensation must be awarded. Already our railways do not pay the interest on their construction by considerably over a hundred thousand'pounds sterling. By the time we have had a few more costly acci dents, and constructed ourpolitical lines, some of which will not pay for the grease on the wheels, we shall have a considerable white elephant to keep, unlns?, indeed, there is a new order of management. ? Mr. Sub- inspector Larner has followed Mr, Fuptrir.tt-ndent Winch out of the service, lc was'icisnd that he had borrowed both widely and largely of publicans. Notwithstanding this gross irregularity -he has been allowed to retire with his compensation. -An enforced withdrawal from service is, no doubt, a punishment severely felt by the culprits; and it is an act of 'mercy not to ..turn men, who are fit for little else but police duty at their time of life, into the streets without a crust but the Government are blamed by soaie for their leniency in these flagrant ca3es. The education commission is at present in a state of deadlock with the Minister of Edu cation. Some time ago Mr. Parnell, head teacher of a large State school in West Mel bourne, stated in the course of his evidence, before the commission that he was obliged to ignore, in practice, the departmental regula tion relating to the use of chastisement in the school. For this admitted breach he was afterward' cer sured by the Minister. The commission to*)k the matter up, and declined to proceed ui'.-'ss their witnesses were fully protected fiom%bU unpleasant consequences. In compliances with this demand the educa tion department propose to issue a circular to the teachers to the effect that they will be free to give their evidence without the fear of -any consequences prejudical to themselves. The commission., however, asks for an order from the Governor- in- Council on the subject, and will be satisfied with nothing less. Our land racket, which has been ia course of exaggerated procedure during the last year and more, is anything. but an. unmixed bless ing. It circulates money, but it frequently does this in the wrong direction, and at the cost of more than money's worth. I saw an honest man laid in the grave the other day who was killed by it, as surely, as men are slain in battle, or by pestilence. He was a retired tradesman who had made enough to live on decently for the rest of his days. In an evil hour he listened to the seductions of a land jobber who had little to lose, and, everything togain, invested Ms last penny, and though not absolutely destitute of means, was practically beggared. A nice new. house which he had built for himself to end his days in was the last thing to go. From no assignable cause but the cutting off of his hopes in life he slowly wore himself away, died- with hU heart broken, and. his friends buried him, He was a nervous, conscientious man of highly conservative and virtuous habits, who ought never to have adventured his small boat out into thestormy and uncertain sea of speculation. But he was drawn into the maelstrom by a man stronger than himself, and without his sensitive conscien tiousness; and now while the land jobber who led him on to his ruin has managed somehow to pull his own ches nuts out of the fire, his bones ? lie mouldering in the grave, and {his widow and fatherless children are left to fight the battle of life alone. A few days ago Mr. Toon, a bank manager of reputable antecedents at Haw thorn, drowned himself. His accounts at the bank were found to be all. right, but he had speculated in land, could not realise as he expected, feared a crash, . lost the balance of his powers, and in this demented condition committed suicide. These cases are typical in point of principle of hundreds of others that might be named. Men are tempted through their imaginations ; payments that ought to be promptly made to tradesmen are deferred ; money-is borrowed on all available security ; day. by day the toils tighten, and pecuniary strangulation ensues. We have not yet begun to feel the full eSect of our mad land gambling. A bad liar rest would .bring that out. Just as I am closing my letter I learn that the jury in the case of the Hawthorn railway disaster, after a brief consultation, have given the following verdict :— ' We find unani nscusly that on the 2nd December instant, a collision occurred between the 6.7 p.m. down train from Melbourne to Hawthorn and the special up train from Box-hill, timed to leave at 5.55 p.m., which caused the death o£ William Conzens Thomas,- .and that the collision was tLe result of the negligence of the statlonmaster Thompson and guard Hunt, and We find .them guilty of the man slaughter of the said W. C. Thomas.' The jury appended the following rider to their ver dict:— '{.After hearing the evidence given in this enquiry regarding the management of the Victorian railways, we are of opinion that there is a lack of proper organisation and discipline, and we consider it advisable that the whole of the departments and branches should be placed under one perma nent head, and. for this purpose] we recom? mend thatthe best man procurable should be obtained. We regard it as imperative that a continuous brake should be applied to all the Victorian passenger trains without delay, and we think that the means of communica tion at present in use between guard and driver are insufficient for the safety of the travelling public.' The coroner then for mally committed Thompson and Hunt to take their trial at the next Criminal Session in February, admitting them to bail «ach in two sureties of £100. 