MEW YEAR'S DA.Y. The only business attended to on Monday, which was celebrated as New Years Day, ?eras the business of pleasure-seeking. The day was a magnificent sample of an Aus tralian summers day, with a dear invigorat ing atmosphere that makes life a joy, and free from the heat and oppressiveness that have marred many a new year's holiday in former years. 3?roin eavly morning the- streets weri alive with conveyances and troops of peopls setting out on picnic excursions ; but as the day advanced the city assumed almost the . quiet of a Sunday, being pretty well forsaken tall the evening. The favorite resorts within reasonable distance of the city were patronised by groups of people bent DO enjoying themselves: it was the final holiday of the season and everybody must make the most of it. On Tuesdg people turned to their ordinary business and settled themselves down to -work once more, many congratulating themselves that the holidays were over, and that they were able to fall again into the even tenor of their own. way. Men of business are glad that the in terruption to labor and commerce is past; and heads of households are feeling relieved that the festivities have been got througj sad the young folk had their treat, and al tas passed off pleasantly. There were few homes where Christmas time and the New Sear were not anticipated with gladness, and yet when the actual holiday* fceeping and pleasure-taking came, they] involved a good deal of toil. How many a grave paterfamilias has had to Jerk out of his ordinary rut and 'give a band' to all kinds of work and playat picnic; and Christmas parties, under the delightful delusion, that he was very merry and was exceedingly enjoying it all ! Yet, with, all drawbacks, it is well these festivities come round every now and again, to shake up many persons who would else pursue a humdrum life, the dull business routine of which might well-nigh dry up their fcinfUipr- nature, and cut them off from the broader, tenderer human sympathies. With all the quiet gruinbles about the 'bother' of the holidays, they do people goad : they clear away some of the cobwebs gathering about their social feelings, and make them realise i3ie bonds of humanity — make them know that besides their daily work, their money-making business, they live for others— that age and youth, Hiat childhood and ?womanhood are more than business — that that is consecrated to them, and when their happiness demands it business can be surren dered awhile for their pleasure. No one is the loser for a little time drawn from daily toil and devoted to innocent recreations, and the land is all the gladder for its holiday. In these colonies a large number of holidays are observed, and generally they are entered uponwitha good deal of spirit and enthusiasm. Everything favors this. The climate, the social habits of the people, the comparative ease with which a livelihood is earned, are all elements in the case that make a holiday possible and pleasant. It is not necessary to speak of the abuse of holidays, except to say that like other good things in themselves they may lye turned to bad account. Butthe majority of holiday- makers returned to their work all the better for the change, and the stronger and brighter to accomplish their daily task. Mr. J. N. Maskelyne, writing to the London Daily Telegraph, says : — ' Having for many years been recognised by the public as- an anti-spiritualist and exposer of the frauds ? practised by sjririt-media, it may surprise some of your readers to learn that I - am a ? believer in apparitions. Several similar occurrences to those described by many of your correspondents have taken place in my own family, and in the families of near friends and relatives. The most remarkable one happened to iny wife's mother sosie years ago. Late one evening, whilst sitting alone busily occupied with her needle, a stranpe sensation come over her, and upon looking up she distinctly saw her aged mother standing at the end of the room. She rubbed her weary eyes and looked again, but the spectre had vanished. She concluded it was imagination, and retired to rest, thinking nothing more of the vision until the next day brought the news that her mother, at about the same time the apparition had ap peared, had fallen down in a fit and expired. I will also relate a circumstance which hap pened to myself, as it may tend to throw some light upon these conimon occurrences. When a boy and learning to swim I got out of my depth, and was very nearly drowned, being insensible when taken out of the water. My sensations were similar to those which have often been described by others. After the terrible feeling of suffocation I fell into a pleasant swoon, and a panorama of all the principalincidents of my life passed before me. The last thing I could remember was a vivid picture of my home. I saw my. mother, and could describe minutely where she sat and what she was doing. Upon returning hoaie I ' kept the secretof whathadhappenedfromher. She, however, questioned me closely, and said \- she felt strangely uneasy andanxiousabout me, and thought some accident had befallen me. X am convinced that had it been night-tuna, and my mother alone, with little to occupy her attention, she would have seen my ghost, and perhaps the ghost of the water which closed over my head, as plainly as I saw her ghost, and the ghost of the room in which she was sitting. In after years, when ponder ing over these and other facts, I came to the conclusion that it was quite possible for one mind occasionally to influence another, no matter how great the distance apart, esps cially where 'two hearts beat as one,' or, more correctly speaking, wlierc two brains vibrate in unison/' A correspondent of the London Times writes:— 'The fact that Mi-. Parnell is originally of English, and not Irish origin, seems not sufficiently known. In the 17th century the family occupied a good position at Congleton, in Cheshire, and wejxyjf the Commonwealth party during the^3.f«rai-3. ? At the time of the restoration'^ \Tliomas Parnell, the then head of the family, left . England and settled in Ireland, where ' he purchased an estate. The property descended to his son Thomas, the well-known author of *The Hermit' and other poems, whose bio graphy finds a place in Dr. Johnson's * Lives of the Poets.' From that work we learn that. on the ejection of the Whigs at the end of Queen Anne's reign, Parnell was persuaded to change his party, and he became the friend of Swift, through whose influence he received valuable church promotion at the hands of Archbishop King. Dr. AiMn in his notice of the poet records this further fact, 'that in \- every year, as soon as he had collected his rents and the revenues of his benefices, lie came over to England and spent some months, living in excellent style, and im pairing' rather than improving Ms fortune. Sis brother John, who succeeded to the es tates at his death, was a judge of the Court of 'King's Bench, and the direct lineal an cestor of the present Home Rule leader. JThe late Sir Henry Parnell, who held office in England under Lord Melbourne's Govern ment, and was by him created Baron Congletonin 184L was descended from the same stock. Mr. Charles Stewart Pamell is the son of a younger brother, John Henry Parnell, of Avondale, county Wicklow, and was educated at Cambridge. He is now owner of the Avondale estate. His mother, as is well known, was American. From the above it would appear that this vehement agitator for restoring the land to the Irish people is no way Celtie in race, but descended from those who sided with Cromwell, towards whom the Irish have an hereditary feeling of dislike.' 