INTERCOLONIAL NEWS. The South Australian Electric Light Company gave a successful private exhibition on May 1st. Men and gear have been sent to Port Walcot, Western Australia, to bring on the Rob Roy, which was recently wrecked. At the annual meeting of the National Bank of Australasia a divi- dend of 12½ per cent. was declared, nearly £10,000 being carried forward. There has been a considerable re- duction during the past month in the quantity of stimulants dispensed to the patients in the Melbourne hospital. The Day Dawn Gold Mining Co., Charters Towers, for the half-year ending April, crushed 7036 tons of quartz, which yielded 15,412 ounces gold, valued at £54,793 5s. In a few months time the railway will be completed between the capital of the north and the richest gold field in Queensland. At auction on April 28 a large number of lots in the hundred of Goyder, Northern Territory were sold; two half-acre town lots fetched £200 each. Information has been received that the Surveyor-General of South Aus- tralia has purchased machinery in England for the work of water con- servation in the interior. Mr. Goyder has now left for America. At a meeting of the South Aus- tralian Gas Company on May 2nd, a resolution was adopted, empowering the directors to procure a private bill to enable them to manufacture and distribute the electric light. There are at present three Bishop- rics vacant in Australia. Pending the election of a new Bishop of Sydney, the Right Rev. Dr. Mathew Hale, Bishop of Brisbane, being the senior Bishop, acts as Primate of Australia. Mr. Henry Stevenson has informed Mr. Bent, Victorian Commissioner of Railways, that he has discovered a coal seam into which a crowbar was driven three feet without cutting through, at Naracan, 3½ miles from the Gippsland railway line. An officer of the Japanese warship Riujio states tLat another Japanese training ship, the Tsurkaba, left Tohio, on a cruise to the Australian colonies, on March 4, with 18 cadets on board. The vessel will call at Auckland, Hobart, and Melbourne. An indignation meeting in con- nection with the murder of Lord Frederick Cavendish and Mr. Burke, in Dublin, was held last Monday night in St. Patrick's Hall, Mel- bourne. A resolution was unani- mously adopted expressing detestation of the crime. Martlew, who was set upon by two Chinamen at the Avoca Lead camp, and had his skull fractured in three places, lately, has died. At the in- quest on May 2nd, a verdict of wilful murder was returned against the Chinamen, both of whom were com- mitted for trial. The city committee of the S.A. seed wheat fund met on May 3rd. They found that the total amount collected was £2345. The Mayor said there was a balance of £12 from the Irish Relief Fund, which he would transfer to the seed fund. A final meeting was arranged for the end of the month the distributing committee to furnish a report in the meantime. The Townsville Bulletin contains the following telegram from Sydney: —A company to work King and Birkby's silver mine has been floated with a capital of £60,000, Messrs. King and Mrs. Murphy taking 41,000 paid up shares. Mr. Birkby sells out for £9000 cash; the balance of £10,000 will be devoted to working the mine. The South Australian banking statistics for the quarter show a great increase over the past year. The assets last quarter were £8,868,337, nearly a million and three-quarters increase. The deposits show a great increase, and especially those not bearing interest. Notes and bills discounted show nearly half-a-million increase over the corresponding quarter of last year. A warrant has been issued for the apprehension of J. C. Ogle, a solici- tor's clerk, for embezzlement. Ogle's clothes were found on the beach a few days ago, and it was at first thought that he was drowned, or had committed suicide. It has been ascertained that it was a ruse to avert suspicion at his absence from business, and that he has absconded from Victoria. A dispute having occurred as to the relative merits of imported and colonial clarets, samples of each were formally tested recently by six gentle- men, well known as experts, at Gunsler's Cafe, Melbourne. The imported wine was the celebrated V. D. O. brand, supplied by Messrs. Curcier and Adet, the colonial samples by Messrs. Caldwell and Co. The judges were unanimously of opinion that the imported wine was considerably superior, but at the same time passed a high encomium on the colonial product, which is 25s. per dozen, whilst the French is priced at four guineas. At the City Police Court, Mel- bourne, May 2nd, James Jenkins, a restaurant cook, was charged with attempting to shoot a butcher's assistant named Michael Russell. The parties were rival suitors of a housemaid at the restaurant where the accused is employed. Russell, hearing that Jenkins intended to shoot him, challenged him to fight with fists. The latter replied that he did not want to get black eyes, and only fought with weapons. Subse- quently, on finding Russell, the housemaid, and two or three other persons talking together, Jenkins challenged Russell to step aside, and immediately levelled a revolver at him. The housemaid declared that she would sooner be shot herself, and jumped between them. Jenkins was then arrested. He was remanded for a week. A seam of coal 12 feet thick has been discovered on the property of the Hon. W. H. Walsh, at Burrum, Queensland. A rich discovery of tin is reported twenty-seven miles from Tenterfield. The specimens include both stream and lode tin. Land has been purchased in Spring and Little Collins streets, Melbourne, for an hotel which is to contain three hundred rooms. An English company, with a capital of £20,000, has leased from the owners the auriferous ground at Magar's Creek, Braidwood, N.S.W. The South Australian Land, Mort- gage, and Agency Co., London, made a net profit for the year of £19,140, and have declared a dividend of 10 per cent. For the Northern trade two steamers, capable of attaining four- teen knots an hour, are on their way out from England. The vessels belong to the Queensland Steamship Company. The agricultural statistics of South Australia, just published, show an increase of 35,239 acres in the area under wheat, and a decrease of pro- duction, as compared with last year, equal to 519,478 bushels. The prospects of the Cooktown district, Queensland, appear to be looking up. A week or two ago, it will be remembered, Mr. Jack's tele- gram announced the discovery of a seam of good coal on the Palmer-road. Since then we hear that a small quantity of the newly-discovered coal has been tried on board one of the A.S.N. Co.'s steamers and pro- nounced a really good article. Now we have the report of the discovery of valuable lode tin near Byerstown. The samples received are almost pure tin with quartz veins. The available country is said to be of considerable extent, and the discovery is reported to be equal to the Herberton lodes. A correspondent on the Upper Dawson, Queensland, writes to say that, through the indiscriminate sale of opium in that district of late, the blacks have become very annoying and dangerous. Certain station managers, our correspondent avers, not only do not discountenance the use of the drug by the blacks, but supply it to their own blackboys in lieu of daily wages, thus obtaining an enormous profit on the opium. There are at present, he adds, several black- boys from the neighbourhood of Taroom undergoing terms of impris- onment at St. Helena for depreda- tions committed upon Chinamen with the object of getting their opium. The correspondent cites several cases of personal outrage by blacks, all incited, he says, by the desire to pro- cure the drug, and he urges that supplying blacks with opium should be subject to a penalty of £25 or £50. He concludes by saying that the disgusting habit is carried to greater excess in the Dawson district than auywhere else in the colony, and simply because it is fostered by those whose duty it is to discountenance it. The Stawell Police Court has been engaged lately in a preliminary in- vestigation of a charge of murder preferred against a navvy named Robert Francis Burns, who is accused of murdering his mate, Charles Forbes in December last. Both men, who were working on the Dimboola line, went to Stawell on a spree. Forbes was not afterwards seen. Burns, who had possession of Forbes's watch, gave out that he had gone to New South Wales. Some time later a headless trunk was found in the bush near Stawell, which was at length concluded to be that of Forbes, owing to various circumstances, the chief being that his clothes were found in the neighbourhood, and identified as Forbes's. The evidence was all circumstantial. The Bench said it had not been satisfactorily proved that the body was that of Forbes, but owing to the contradictory statements made by prisoner he was committed for trial, the defence being reserved. The Queenslander's Ipswich cor- respondent writes:—" The first ginned cotton sent from this district for shipment home has been despatched from the ginning establishment of Messrs. Cribb and Foote. The cotton has all been grown in the West Moreton district, and is of the description known as "upland." The gins were kept busy to enable it to be sent home by the City of Aber- deen, on board of which vessel it has just been shipped. The number of bales was fifty, and represented some- thing like an aggregate of 15,000 lb. of good clean cotton. The shippers, are sanguine of obtaining a good price for the staple in the home markets. The late rains have enabled the growers to pick a large quantity of cotton, and the arrival of drays with the bales is an almost hourly occurrence at the ginning shed. During the slack time the whole of the machinery received a thorough overhaul, and everything is now working as smoothly as possible. A large number of bales are stored in the different sheds, and the manager expects to have a busy and profitable season." A Queenslander correspondent says:—" I think that Kilkivan is richer in metals than almost any other part of Queensland, though little has ever been done to utilise its natural wealth. The copper lode of Mount Clara—held by the way, in Sydney—ought to pay handsomely to work even at the lowest price copper has touched, being so wide and easily mined. Mount Coora, alongside of it, would also pay well, if a road were cut out from the cup-like depression among the hills where the workings are. Masses of conglomerate, as it is called—a mixture of gold, silver, copper, and other metals—abound in great lodes or reefs; and although the compound defied the local efforts made some years ago to resolve it into its constituent elements, it cannot surely be beyond the reach of metal- lurgical science. The discovery of gold in a form that will allow the permanent employment of a mining population in the place may prove the first step in the general development of the district." A Queensland correspondent of the Sydney Mail says:—" There are now about 2000 people on the tin fields generally known by the name of Herberton, though including three distinct centres—Herberton proper, the Western eight miles, and Mulligan's Rush, or Emu Creek, 18 miles distance. I am told that about 40 distinct lodes are now being mined, and that the majority are rich and seem to be permanent. When it is remembered how large a number of hands can be profitably employed on a tin mine, how different it is from the limited area of a stream tin deposit, and how far similar lodes have been followed down in Cornwall, it will be seen that the settlement of a large fixed population will be the work of only a few years. The men will bring their wives and families, and their consumption will create a great demand for farm produce, which in its turn will lead to the settlement of an agricultural popu- lation on the cool highlands near the mineral centres." The Northern Miner reports mining matters to be in a most healthy and flourishing condition at Charters Towers. The Queen line of reef and all the claims in that direction are reported to be looking extremely well. The Worcester claim has now the reputation of being one of the richest on the field and it is yielding the richest stone. The reef is about 2 feet wide, and coarse gold can be seen in almost every piece of stone that comes up. The paddock is being rapidly filled, 35 to 40 tons a week being got up. Crushing will be started in June, by which time the manager expects to have 500 tons up. Ralph and party are sinking for the Victory reef; they expect to get it in about 15 feet more, but the sinking is frightfully hard. Glenwright and party are sinking for the Victory reef on their boundary. They will have to go about 150 feet, when they expect to get a reef of 4 oz. stone. The Just-in-Time block is putting a big crushing through at the Venus. There are three batteries at work on it. The block is now reckoned the model claim of the field; the workings are laid out with the most accurate precision and look as if they were designed by a surveyor. The winding gear is very powerful and capable of a great deal of work. The Sydney correspondent of the Queenslander writes:—" The news by wire that the Sydney boys had pulled off the intercolonial boat race on the Yarra was for some time discredited. When the men left Sydney their best friends did not think they had the ghost of a show, and when they reached Melbourne and appeared alongside their competitors they were almost 'pooh-poohed' for their pre- sumption in going so far to court what was looked upon as certain to be a most inglorious defeat. Why, they were mere striplings, of no size or weight ! while their opponents were strong burly fellows, full of muscle and pluck, who must win. As for the betting, there literally was none, or it there was in the first instance it was from four and six to one against the chance of the New South Welshmen. But keeping their own counsel, they worked early aud late, and trained themselves into splendid condition for such slim 'uns, until at the start the 6 to 1 had decreased to 3 to 1. And then, as you doubtless saw by the telegrams on the day of the race, the pot boiled over, for our young fellows—not- withstanding the fact of pulling on strange water, hundreds of miles from liome, in the most miserable of weather, against the pick of Victorian oarsmen, won the race, it is said easily, by nearly two lengths—so sure is it that 'you never can tell till the numbers are up.' " A young commercial traveller called on a Dundee tradesman, and by mistake handed bim a photograph of his betrothed instead of his business card, saying that he repre- sented that establishment The merchant examined it carefully, remarked that it was a fine establishment, and returned it to the astonished man, with a hope that he would soon be admitted into partnership. What a barber must not do.—Lather his wife. A sealed proposal—The one which is answered by " Yes," with a kiss. " The darkey's hour is just before dawn." 