KIT: A MEMORY. -BY JAMES PAYN, Authob of ' Lost Sib Massmgbbbd,' ' By Pboxy,' ' High Spibits,' ' Undbb One Roof,' 'A Gbapb From a Thobn,' CHAPTER XI. LUCY SEEDS. Maud rose and moved to the closed window, through which Bhe' affected to look oat ; but of wood a/id rivet and crag, and even of the roBes that climbed about the casement, she saw nothing ; Bhe was picturing to herself a humble bat faithful friend aboat to suffer an unjust humiliation. Mrs. Medway kept her Beat; but her fingers played nervously upon the table, and her usually serene and placid face showed great emotion. For a woman Bhe had an exceptionally strong sense of justice ; but mingled with it there was all the indignation of a woman, which, when the wrong.doing affects her nearly, no more respects its proper channel than a stream that has burst ita banks. She was unconsciously regarding Trenna with great disfavour. ' Will you speak to Lucy, or shall I?' she inquired coldly. 'Oh, not I— not I,' cried Trenna, with a quick gesture of alarm. 'Why need anybody speak? Why need Bhe ever know?' ' Because I will have no underhand doings here,' answered Mrs. Medway. It was a very cruel speech, and one she would have never uttered in cold blood. Every one knew that matters at the Grey House were not as they Bhoald be ; that its master was a difficult one to manage ; and that it required a great deal of diplomacy on his daughter's part to keep things straight between him and his son. Trenna flushed to her forehead, but said nothing; the next moment she turned as white as though a ghost, instead of Lucy Deeds, was standing before her. ' If you please, ma'am, did you ring?' B»id Lucy, addressing her mistress. A bright little creature she was, with one of those honest smiles which is the index of a wholesome nature ; her eyes, lively rather than intelligent, were wont to assume a look of earnest gravity— which was, in fact, one of distress and puzzle ment — at the slightest kink in the cable of life. ' Have you any objection to show Misa Trenna here the contents of your purae ?' ' My purae !' Astonishment could no further go than was expressed in Lucy's countenance; she even forgot to. Bay 11 ma'am.' The next moment, however, with a bright blush and ' some little awkwardness she made a divointo her pocket. 'There's a ring in it, Miaa ; but it's only one I bought Iaat feaat time at Mogadion for luck,' she explained, growing rodder than ever, 'and a dried ilower from the Draid Stone, which I once heard Mr. Ponryn say was good for fits ; and a fourpenny piece with a hole through it, and that's all. It is but a poor thing, you see, not a bit like tho one Miaa Maud gave me ? ' . ' That, is the one Miss Trenna wants to look at,' interrupted 'Mrs. Medway ; 'the one that holds your savings.' .. ' I am sure she's welcome, ma'am,' said Lucy, but a little stiffly, and with a glance at her young mistress which expressed less satisfaction than surprise. ' More than half of what it holdB cornea from her own house ; for Abel is the best of brothers, and never putB by a shilling but what he gives me a sixpence of it' Here there was a significant silence broken only by a little rnoan from 'J.'renna. Mrs. Medway, who had intended to have left her to pursue the rest of the inquiry, relented at this. 'We are curious to see-, what you have saved Lucy, and how many bank- notes you have got.' , ' Lor, ma'am, I've only got one. Abel gave it me, not a week ago, out of his last wages. And there's seven pounds in gold besides, is there not, Mias Maud?— and three of them were his, God blesa him — and fourteen shillings in silver.' 'There must be no false pretence here,' said Maud, turning Buddenly round. 'There has something happened at the Grey House, Lucy ; some bank-notes are missing ; and though we know folks (as in this case) to be as honest as the day, it is necessary when such things happen to, make the fullest investi gation. Mr. Garston haa sent Miss Trenna, for satisfaction's sake, to compare the numbers of the notes.' ' Lor' bless ye, Miss,' said Lucy, her eyes growing very large and frightened, and filling with teara she knew not why, ' I've only got one note.' Her simplicity went to her young mistress's heart. 'If there were fifty, Lucy, I would Bwear they are honestly come by.' ' Honestly ? Why, Mr. Garston don't think I stole it, do 'ee V ' inquired the girl, with a flash of indignation. ' It's difficult enough they Bay to pick up a moaael of bread and cheese at the Grey House, much more bank-notes.' ? ' Lucy, Lucy,' Baid Mra. Medway, gently. ?? ; ' I ask your pardon, ma'am,' Baid Lucy, breathing hard, ' and likewise MiBS Maud's.' - 'And / aBk yours,' Baid Trenna, humbly. ' Do not suppose, Lucy, that I can believe anything ill of you or yours. I am ashamed of myself, though it is no fault of mine, to have come on Buch an errand.' Lucy felt that she had been in the wrong to have thrown out that hint concerning the want of hospitality in Mr. GarBton's aervants'-hall ; but she wns quite unequal to frame an apology. ThcBcantineBS of her vocabulary, which lies at the root, by the bye, of the Btrong expressions used by the lower classes, and which we are apt to attribute to a love of coaraeneaB, forbade it ; but she expressed her penitence in teara. ' Come, Lucy,' said Maud, ' no one but yourself shall touch your money ; let us Bee it.' , Lucy opened a drawer in Maud's desk, and took out the hond some.morocco purse which her young mistress had given her by way of strong box, and displayed its contents ; the little hoard of years contributed by love and toiL , ' This is the bank-note, Miss Trenna, that my brother -gave me last week.' . . . . . But Trenna Bhook her head in sign that she would not touch it. Her limbs shook too, and her face* was ghastly pale. Maud took out the note, and unfolded it. 'I call you all to witness,' she said, 'thai; the number is 2S882, you will remember it by the three eights and the two two's — but you had better write it down. What is the matter ? Good Heavens ! I had forgotten the slip.' Trenna was staring at the paper with its rows of figures as though a viper had curled itself round her fingers ; Maud, who leant over her Bhoulder, was staring at it too with incredulity and horror mingled in her countenance. ' ' . 'Is it there? inquired Mra. Medway, with aBilent movement of her lips. ' It is there,' was her daughter's dumb reply. There was a painf nl silence, broken only by a rosebud without tapping impor. tunately against the pane. . ' I don't understand it, Misa Maud,' exclaimed Lucy, pitifully, ' Is there anything wrong with Abel's note ?' She looked from one to the other in distressed amazement ; their silence had not the eloquence which it would have had for any one of trained intelligence. ' It is not, it surely isn't— one of those that has been stolen ?' . 'It is one of those that are missing,' said Maud, gently. ' Bnt the list may not be correct ; in any c&bb; we are all quite certain that Abel has done nothing wrong ? what are you doing Lucy ?' The girl had suddenly emptied the contents of the purse upon the table. ' Please to throw it all away, Miss, or give it to some rich person as doesn't want it. It's that way as all poor people's money ought to go. They has no business to make it, nor to spend it, nor to keep it. They was born to work and not to save ; and when they has been worked out there is the workhouse for them. I've had pleasure, I own it, in putting this little money together, for I thought it might be useful to mother in her old age, or perhaps to Abel hiaaelf if he fell ill and was out of place — but I Bee now it waa all wrong, and worse than useless.' 11 Oh Lucy, Lucy, do not be so bitter.' cried Maud imploringly. 'You have cut poor MiBa Trenna, you Bee,' who indeed was — ? — ? ? ' ' ? _^ ? 'i— ? — ^^^g^gs^ ' LUCY, LUCY DEAB,' SAID MAUD GENTLY, AND WITH HEB ABM STEALING BOUND THE POOB GIBl/S WAIST, ' YOU attr DISTBESStNG US ALL WITHOUT CAUSE.'— Chap. XL — ? — ? ? ' ' ? _^ ? 'i— ? — ^^^g^gs^ ' LUCY, LUCY DEAB,' SAID MAUD GENTLY, AND WITH HEB ABM STEALING BOUND THE POOB GIBl/S WAIST, ' YOU attr DISTBESStNG US ALL WITHOUT CAUSE.'— Chap. XL sobbing and trembling like a chidden child — ' to the very heart.' ' MisB Trenna is a young lady,' continued Lucy coldly, 'and ought to know better than to make herself miserable about poor people. If it was her brother now aB was accused of a miadeed —not a mere trifle Buch as breaking a poor girl's heart, but of something agin the law — she would know where to go for help and advice. Them aB makes the law, or lives by it, would hold him Harmless. But for such aa Abel, as is aB free from blame as tiny here, who Bhall prove it? God help him— God help his poor mother.' ' ' . . ( ; She hid her face in her rough honest hands and burst into tears.* 'Lucy, Lucy dear,' said Maud gently, and with; her arm' stealing round the poor girl's waist, 'you are diatresBing us all without cause. Abel, you say, iB as innocent of thiB crime, if a crime indeed has been committed, as mamma or I. But you make a great mistake in supposing that he is without friends. However ill matters may look for him they will. not look ill in. our eyes ; and we shall Btand by him. If the worst comeB to the worst— I mean if there should be a trial— mamma will see he haa the beat of counsel. If I thought otherwise, I have money of my own which could never be Bpent in a better cause. I am not one to deaert old friends.' 'Lucy knows that, don't you, Lucy?' said MrB. Medway cheerfully. 'Why, if there was neither Miss Maud nor I to do it, my son Mark would Bee Abel righted,' ' God bless him, God bless Mr. Mark,' sobbed Lucy. 'I was wrong to say the poor had no friendB.' 'Moreover,' continued Mrs. Medway, ' you must remember that Abel has no enemies. Mr. Garston ia only Beeking his own, and accuses nobody. And as for Mr. Christopher and Miss Trenna, lam sure no one will be more pleased than they when the day comes, aa it will come, which shall clear up thia unfor tunate, matter.' I The speaker looked at Trenna aB if expecting her to Bay some thing on her own account ; but she looked in vain. Trenna had risen from her Beat and taken Maud's vacated place at the window, where she stood with her back to the others. 'I don't want any one but them aa knows him and believes in him to take Abel'a part,' said Lucy Bturdily. ' If you pleaBe, ma'am, I must go to Mogadion and see mother.' - 'Dear me, but ia that necessary ?' inquired Mrs. Medway in hesitating tones ; 'I mean that your mother should be told. What do you say, Trenna ?' , Trenna, thus appealed to, turned a pale pained face towards her hostess, and answered in a Bad laborioua way, that would have been mechanical but for its weariness and diBtreas, ?'.' I fear so ; it can be but amatter of time. Bachael must know it sooner or later.' But Lucy, holding her apron to her eyes with both her hands, like blank despair, had already found her way to the door. 