ALESSANDRO GAVAZZI. A BIOGRAPHY BY, J. W. KING, 1857. Italian Claims. "We Italians claim nationality and inde pendence.. It is a law; of God that people, bounded by certain limits within 1 which the : 1 same language is spoken, must be one. Wo in Italy have our limits — the Sea and the Alps. - Within those limits all speak, the Italian tongue, from Palmero to Turin, from Sicily to Piedmont. We claim our nationality, and to bo a people. Do the French army speak the Italian language in Italy? No! they speak, the French : then let them go to France. Do the Austrians in Italy speak ; Italian ?. No 1 Fortunately not at all : : let , them., go , to Austria. Travellers come -to .. , spend, a winter among us, or the sick desire to- restore their health by breathing our pure; and balmy air, enjoying our delicious climate, , ; and drawing new vital warmth from .our Italian sun; they will be received kindly, and will find great hospitality. If artists .desirp, to visit our unrivalled monuments,: tliey will , be heartily and ever welcome,' and we will be their cicerone. But if barbarians and invaders come to Italy with bayonets and guns, we will, under God, oppose them i with all our strength, and drive them from our dear country. TThe ancient Britons, op- ; posing, the Romans, called them invaders' and., .barbarians — -and, rightly so, though they 1 brought,,, into, , England .y arts','; .civilisation; , \- science, .and .industry. , (That . independence ' might be, recovered, the- Atnericans-lfought -. strongly,,. and . bravely , against -Englishi; ru lors;, 1 ...and expelled ..them.i from r.their ishores — al- ; , .(though England had. transmitted ,to America her co!nmprce,; Scienees; . and arts.- -And have we Italians;, :tiien,,;no irigbt. to .fight'-against French .and . Austrians, ;who ,-are,Hto us,- bar- . bariaris: -and, ;invadersi? ;.r>Youro forefathers were called , patriots;) and- as-such you - honour : - - . them. . >.)£re-.we, -imltaly,! -stones,-: trees," ; wild ; boosts,, to,, endure Fronchineny- Austrians,! and ..all, other barbarians ?(. ;No-! i- Peace. - un ." Peace ! r Peace-!— cry some pious -people. > I like 1 peace.. I prefer peaco to-" -war: - '-I-pray" ' God that . I may; bo a preacher, as! I am a minister,/ of peace. Gh) it tis i ivory easy ; to' jspeak, abouti jpuace; when- you; have1 tho lion's ' jsliare in; your! claws. But spoakrif peacc to :the Polos-r-rspeak of peace -to; tho -Hungarians : — speak- of.- .peace to --Italy, -while -'French, ' 1 Austrian, ; and .Spanish vultures-are- gnawing ; .-.her vitals:!; I wish for peace, I 'desire- peace1 ; /but I. ask-all friends of universal peace, What -peacov will you -give to Ttaly ? — Peace: with .the Bourbon of Naplos-? ; (No !— Peace with itlio Grand Duke of Tuscany ?-<" No Ir--Peace - with Pius the Ninth ?!- No 1— The - peace -of /slaves?; No 1— Tlio peace of- thochurchyard : and j death--? v.;/No ! — War 1 - war t a - thousand .timesiwar.l before such an- infamous peace 1 " — Italy'. - ' 1 Government. 1 i ,t " London- is the' metropolis- of England — I- ask for- Rome as tho inetropolis-of Italy— all1 1 /-Italy ! in You hayeaConstitutional-Charter in - - England— I- ask fori'd Cbristitutioriul Charter; :- . for Italy:!' You. haye,ia'-Gonstituti'onal;''Gbv-: eminent in iEnglarid— I' aski for a! iCo'nstitn- . tional Government :for Italy ! '; 1 Yoii ' havp-a ; -..Cbnstitutional Queen in England— -I aslc for a" t Constitutional King in Italy, 1. And as'-Englancl iis i happy and glorious undor 'Queen Yictona, 'so 1. 1 hope to; >see; >Italy happy1 and 1 glorious ; r under. King .WictoriEinmanuel Italy '; -'- (- - ,;( :).): Aspirations. " 0 ' Italy- !7"riiy .couritrydeafbsF'tp''my- 1 hearty ' rich in the genius of thy sons, ;b'oau- ' -'teous' as the1 'early 1 dawn of 1 creatipnv 'pure is The azufe'rof- thy skies'; siveet: is thp balm) Pf thy 'ritm'dB'pheff ! ! -Thy, meaa'bSro/WB 'ty i'vercbireiy'They r ai;ri smiling 'gardens:' 'Thy, ''hills) rife 'clad vwith virieyards',.' distillirig'the/' 7 -strength ' of '-life? vThy-mbrintairisprosent ;tb!) ; ' the soul -forms 'of- sublimestgrarideur .7 Bright " ' : \- and -clear are' the seas : tiiat em brace' th ee-tya,'. : double -'mirror in'1 .wWchi/ihWusnrvey'ost.- tho' 5 form j 'of ' thy ' Creator 1 But. ; wljaf 'art , 'tlioK r7 without .liberty -?'.,;-.E ; -but thogreatcst is wanting— --liberty ! "'False1' > to - thyself thou'- hastrieeri .true1 tbi'Popory'.i '.-That -is' thy cu'rsOj'varicl bvcrhas'heen so !;;'0 ; ''Italians !;1 prb'mise ' 'me' 'liberty -.'toltrilyviiiri ) ! prOraising'irie the r'bverthrci.w- pf'the'Pbpodpin 1 7 -May) Ga'gHu$t)-:t6''Fnr'd-'c6uri.l'r!i'<\- U' i-giori8''arid'ciyiiniberties- byTH'effulfilmerif!of '' -this promise ! --Popedom. ' - 1 ) ; - \- ; " '"-RErilOlbN; '.:! 1!) \- :1 i ;'wa8 :;onoe - a' jinesty'piir.noic /'ani one no " longer;' -'"After 'Christ th'erpareub) triore priests —only 'ministers— -arid,5 1: :am"no' w ri, minister, \- of iChrist.'- I- haye'eonfide'rie'e' iri''G'6dvthat-lie! ! will v inrike ' -me 1 ariinstr rinrient 'f or ,fsreading ' ' ;the Word, of (Life; ! I;kri'ow the:iristfuinent is ' 'riotbirig— it!is the G6spel:wliicli-is1lth!e, power of God'uritp' salvation but ' the Gospel must , 'be preached1 1 and1 this 'is 1 'tho'-hope 'that-'sus- -!" " tains md iri' ffiy exile)1 that God 'will use' me as ' ' >hn!ih8tfrimeo&for7th;'b<'diffufflbn"bl'hi8lTUtl)';ini'i<> > my dear Italy. My divine Saviour has pre-, lsrim'ed-'my,)life-,oh'''ten :;battlbifipld's' j'lHe' has' ' protected me - -against 1 tlie vFrcrich' ' in "the" \- trenches!r'6f.rRbme' ;' Hb has' preserved mo in--. ' the terhpest oh the bcean ;' Ho has' saved mo ifrom the'hands-of thb5 fanatical 'Romish Ca- ' tholicsjiri Garirida ;';He lias sparedirie through \- the miseries ! of ,)my exile ; "and therefore 1 have righFtb hope that. Ho will spare , me, and ; acceptirie as . an instrument for 'spreading the knowledge of 'His Word .'among, iny cbuntry- inen; I There-; will be!a great strug'gle, but I am not- afraid- of tlie issue. IE God be for us, V-noone' on earth can prevail aigainst iis;' There has M ways' been war at- the tiniebf'auy great 1 /reformation.' "' There j was/ war iri'Gertriany in1' -the time of Luther. 'There was war in France at- - the -time of Calvin. There was' war in 'Britain1 at" the' time of Cr'oriiweir and 'Knox. There was war,! in Switzerland in the time of Zwingle." The Gospel of Christ has never been firmly planted without a great, struggle. Christ ' said—' I "am not come to' send peace, but a sword.' ' " When the trumpet; of war sounds for my dear Italjr, I shall1 be' there — not with the rifle and the sword,' hut with; the Bible in one hand and the Italian national banner in the other;1 to annihilate the capital enemy of my country— Pope and Popery— and to plant the standard of universal freedom upon the ruins of the Vatican. Again shall be heard in Borne that pure Gospel which Paul preached — and again it shall go forth to all the world, from 'that city which is now the seat of Papacy and of slavery. Man alone can do nothing ; and, therefore, it is necessary to have faithful, fervent prayer. If the news come that we in Italy are fighting for our religious and civil liberties, my Christian brethren, pray for us. Follow us with your prayers, that God may help ;us, and that the Gospel may soon reign in Italy."— Evangelisa tion of ' Italy. -1 - Passion. " Priests 'of Rome ! prove to me, to my Italians, by the pure Gospel, that the Popejis the vicar of Christ; bis vicegerent upon earth, sole arbiter and1 interpreter of the will and the law of God, equal to God in all attributes, in some superior to God himself ! If you can prove such a dignity I will worship your God. Priests of Rome, prove to me and to my Italians, by the Gospel, that the vicar of Christ — the poor, the humble, the crucified— must have palaces, gardens, country-houses, horses, stables, carriages, pomp, and luxury' to profusion ; that he must have Swiss guards, gendarmes guards, dragoon guards, noble guards ; that he must have knights, chamberlains, esquires, prelates, bishops, car dinals ; a court, a splendid court, a magnifi cent court, a vicious court, a profane court, apugan court, a court filled by priests apostate from their temples and their altars — and then I, who was once a blind priest of that Church, which I firmly believe now to he the corrupt daughter of the Man of Sin, will bow my head before such a Pope, will retrace my steps, and enter once more into the embrace of that Church. Priests of Rome 1 again tell me, by, the Gospel, if the mission of Christ was to erect in your behalf a temporal power, a temporal kingdom; a temporal authority? If he became , Redeemer to create priests as ministers of finance, ministers of state, minis ters of war, delegates, legates, governors for the provinces of the Roman States ? Did he come:on earth in order that his priests might be prefects of police, commissaries of police, spies : of police, sbim, ruffians of police ? Should; compose tribunals to condemn to the. prisons, to ergastoli , to the galleys, to exile, to death, their brothers —children of the same fair Italy — because liberals and patriots, for the holy and ; beautiful crime of having re solved to free their oppressed country from all Austrian and, French barbarians? Was1 this the errand on which our Saviour came ? Is this, a cause ; prescribed by the Word of God or by the; word, of man ? Is this the law of the eternal Lord or of the priests? Is this the teaching iof , the Holy Ghost or of -the Jesuits ?;. 'Alas !1 ,we can easily answer/ From' God came, to /the people who deserved them, prosperity, happiness, liberty ; from Popes and Jesuits came blindness and all miseries.''1 —Popes and the Bible: .. Satire. " Imagine that I have committed a great sin, and suppose my. sinto be that of having eaten a small piece of roast-beef on Friday. I go to confess my roast- beef to a Dominican friar, who is the most severe of all in Moral Theology... 'In the Confessional-box .there are little windows ! with a door in each of them ; I go to this door. The father confessor opens it from within, and I confess my roast-beef. Then severely and cruelly the father confes sor shuts the window in my face, saying, ' Go to the. devil, you are damned to hell.' Terri fied to despair, I seek a Franciscan friar, who , is a little less severe, and to him I confess my roast-beef. Without sending me to the devil and hell, he shuts the door against me, and dismisses me without absolution. Seeking rest for; my troubled soul, I next repair to a Carmelite or Augustinian friar, and in the third school, or system, I confess my roast- beef. The Carmelite friar says, ' You are very wicked,' and adds a strong reproach;; then imposes a very heavy penance, as, for example,' to make fifty crosses' on the floor with my tongue, for my greediness; after which he absolves me, but does not permit me to go to the communion. Disgusted with., this penance and prohibition, I go to the1 fourth father confessor— the Jesuit,! who is always kind and gentle, and to him I finally confess my poor roast-beef. He says, ' Oh, it's a little matter,' reproaches me slightly, with great i kindness, and in a very gentle-, manly way. Then he imposes a small pen ance, say three Aves, and then I , am fit for communion Auricular Confession, : ,. ;j ... Logic. .. 1 : " When proposition was made some time ago in. the British House of Commons for. an 1 inquiry into ...Nunneries, a great .champion arose,; in opposition to that just and, lawful; proposition, fn the person of Lord John Russell. With all his robust /magniloquence he exclaimed :K' Take , no notice -of - these criers,- .they are all outsiders. They . kno w- nothing at all abput.it. I firmly believe that, no English Catholic gen tleman will .allow. his - daughter to ;be "illtreiated in a nunnery.'' - 1 beg ten thousands! pardons,. Lord John ; but if I mistake not,you were always Lord John, ,- and never Lady Jane. If so, you were never; a nuri. And. if .never a nun, you were, not ed ucated among; nuns. And if never educa ted among nuns, you were never m a nun/ uery, as father confessors .only enter therein.; If you were never in A nunnery; you 'are1 an 1 outsider. And if an outsidetyby your1 own' , confessionVLord John, you don't know any thing at all about'it."— iVtthg and ftunfieries Illustration. ' " Let me illustrate to you the 'Torture of- the Water.' The victim is tied to a ronglr bench, his face covered with' white linen, and a funnel of water points towards his mouth. Here is the Inquisitor — here the victim — here the executioner. At the command of the In quisitor the executioner opens the course of the water ; and; drop by drop, it falls upon the wretch's face. The cloth moistens, and the breathing becomes difficult. Gloom- sternness — secrecy — silence ; except that one small doomf ul sound — drop, drop, drop. And now the breathing grows thick and thicker, and becomes a second sound1 breaking the si lence of the dreadful scene; Drop, drop, drop,-— and now the sensation of strangling, drowning, seizes the victim, and a fainter sound follows the last, like low moans join ing the chorus of the torture. The question is put : ' Are you guilty ? ' A feeble voice answers, with difficulty, ' No ! I have not committed- ' Drop, drop, drop ; and-the breathing is thicker, and the moans more feeble. And the question is put again : 'Are you guilty?' A voice still weaker, almost inaudible, piteously gasps forth, ' No — I have — have — not - Drop, drop,' drop. Again the question. But now there is no answer — 1 no breathing ; the sound of that fatal drop is heard alone in triumph of its victory ; there is no more answer, for there is no more life." —The Inquisition',' Humour. ' ' " Ecclesiastical Titles Bill ! Eo— cle — si— as- — -tical ' Ti— ties . Bill! How roundly it sounds. A mighty circle, with a full stop.; But will' you have the kindness to say what Ecclesiastical Titles Bill means ? To me it: means just— nothing. It reminds me of the present fashionable dress of the ladies, called ' a l'Empeartrice, a l'Eugene.' It is a mon strous circle about two score yards, and taking up something like a quarter of an acre of ground. If you promenade, say in Regent- street/ and have the misfortune to meet a Crinoline, you are compelled to go into the street, and into the mud also,' to allow it to sail by.' And if a Crinoline takes a, carriage' airing; in gathering itself up to mount the steps, you might fancy .it a small moving' (mountain, or a mighty Tom of Oxford, or Big; Ben of Westminster. Seeing such a monstrous, unnatural human circle, without; you (naturally ask, 'Who, or what, is within that Crinoline? ' And, the answer is, ' A lady!' Alady! Nothing of the sort! Lady, indeed! A lady would not make such a ridiculous figure of herself. And you look a little closer— and lo! a shadow— a skeleton —-a bundle of bones in a hen-coop. And this is your Ecclesiastical Titles Bill— a circle of1 parchment, and nothing in it."— The In-' quisition'. 1 ">.- " ! Wit. ' ' "Do you see any one coming, in just now —a poof, small, insignificant fellow ? Come in ! you are, welcome. ; He is ho higher than Trim Tliuihb. With his large boots he looks more like a postilion than a Courier -!: He has big spurs ; on- bis boots, and huge spectacles on his nose. He - looks like a Spaniard, but speaks French. Come in, you are welcome ! \- 1 have the honour to introduce to my audience little Tom Thumb, called the ' Courier of the United States,' the organ of the French popu lation! Oh, my poor boy! You are the Courier of the United States, and you dare to say I am wrong when I speak so loudly' and warmly against France. My naughty boy ! I -am not the Courier of the United States. I am not going to Paris to solicit the Cross of;the Legion of Honour, and a pension, from the bastard Bonaparte! My naughty boy ! I. speak warmly and passionately against France, because when a man has witnessed two thousand brethren wounded, mutilated, - killed by a French army, that man never can have sympathy for such a nation of liberti- cides. I speak against France — not the liberal France, the patriot France, which is the minority of the French people, but against thatFrance which sold her liberty for a glass of champagne at Satory. Read, my little naughty boy ! read ! Here is a true French man—the truly great Quinet — the master in our age of philosophic history. He was ex pelled from France by the Jesuits; and in dedicating his work on the Revolution of Italy, he offered it in these words : 'To the exiled Italians this work is dedicated as a (personal expiation for, the murder of Italy, \- consummated by Frenchmen.' This is a Frenchman, a true Frenchman; ' who speaks thus. In Italy we honour such Frenchmen, and ;the France which nurtures them. Re member! mv naushtv little hnv ! rfimfimWI" —The Jesuits. : 1 ... eloquence. 11 ; " Dr. ' Wiseman concluded his speech on rthe jpresent occupant of the- Chair of St. "Peter with- music. Good. Pius the Ninth is an 1 old ' Comedian, /and Wiseman1 his London 1 fiddler.;' And/I, unitarian; I too 'will-have1 (music/ And- it ishall be the music Of a hun-' <dred; guns at ithe bombardment of Rome ;— the music of that: breach by- which (the mew' (barbarians inundated the Eternal City ;— the1 1 music; of palaces and/ monuments riddled to ruins for,:ever by the paternal blessings of a i ; conquering Pope ;— the music of the hundreds \- of; bleaching carcases left, un buried by order .of- the prioBthood to horrify the living ; — the j music; of r chains ;and: sighs ;— the music of weeping and despair ;— the music of the , dungeons ;— the music of desolate exiles ; — the music of the scaffolds ; the music of the ; martyrs expiating the crime of patriots < to their country. And. above all shall ring the music of execration and revenge = till Italy shall' have destroyed the fatal institutions of the Pope, spared Wiseman future1 eloquence; 1 and Italians the' bonds of "slavery-"— The Four 'Bast Pope's. -l' " '". The', following; letter; 'addressed to the writer," will authentically define the opinions privately held, and publicly demonstrated, by Gavazzi in England : "Dear King,— During our long travels we had so many questionings as to my abandon ment of Romanism and my present Christi anity,- and there is still behind us so much unsatisfied curiosity, that in order to avoid as much as possible the torture of a home in quisition, I think it not out of place to state to you, and through you to others, my un changeable religious belief. When, how, and why I came out of Rome, I need not discuss here, for I detest all public exhibitions of conversion, as smelling of business and hypocrisy. All I say is, that I am now no more a Papist than Luther or Calvin after tho Reformation. For not being nominally a Protestant the reasons are very obvious, and so far understood, that I am glad to repeat here what you personally know, that the con gratulations have been oft and hearty, both lay and clerical, on account of my remaining an independent Christian, unconnected with any one of the many denominations of Pro testantism. As a lecturer and expounder 'of my principles, as you well know, I never forget to declare solemnly that I am no Pro testant I for I have nothing to protest against. My aim (I speak not as a leader, but as, a Simple individual) is not to protest against Rome, but to destroy the whole system, root and branch. There is nothing to reform in the Church of Rome, which is an abuse from .beginning to end. Thus, the mission which I have taken upon myself, in union with many other independent Christian ministers, is to annihilate.Romanism ! My glory, there fore, is in being an annihilator, and not a pro tester. As such, I hope and feel that my Protestant friends will not find me far from them in my hatred against the common enemy. "As an Italian, however, there are stills further and grave reasons for declining to embrace any Protestant denomination/ It would entirely destroy my hopes of the future1 evangelisation of Italy. It may be wrong, butso strong are the prejudices of the Italians against Protestantism at large, that, to go to them in a Protestant name would be like driving from my platforms the very people T look for. This is a fact. And so deeply is the prejudice rooted, even the Waldensos and the independent Italian ministers publicly de-, clare that they will not tolerate a Protestant- -ised Italy. It follows, then, that not only am I not a Protestant nominally, but that, for the ! future of Italy, I am also ready to resist. any , and all attempts to Protestantise my father land. I take this opportunity,, therefore, to exclaim against those societies that spend their money in sending and maintaining mis sionaries in Italy, I say publicly that this is1 the very way to strengthen Romanism, and bind the Italians closer both to the1 system1 and its priesthood, and thus endanger,1 if riqt ruin; the possibility of a sincere regenerating ; of the1 Italians to the Christianity of the1 Gospel. Let the work, therefore, bo left to the Italians themselves, aided by Protestant' advice and prayers only. These will be of much and great service. And in cases only' of extreme distress let the work be succoured with even substantial support. " Let mo be understood. The Italians can- hot be Protestants ;. not for Protestantism in itself, but for the effects which would attend it, not the last and least of which wouldbe the division among my fellow-countrymen at a time when their union would be a question of life and death for Italy. ; Iv do not mean that there will not be a degree of dis crepancy among them when the Evangelical shall separate itself from the Popish party ; but as there are already two parties in Italy —believers and unbelievers — let Christianity be substituted for the actual' atheism of the latter, with the assurance that it will be all to the end and for the glory of Italian regenera tion. "My plan is Bimple, therefore, and ray views simple also. I purpose to attack Rome with the Aristotelic weapon; called a removendo. That is to say, so remove one after the other all the errors of Papal Rome, as to call forth the necessity to receive back the truth of Apostolic Rome. And it must'be so. There was a Christianity in Rome before there was any Catholicity ; arid previous to' the Rome of tho fiery Hildebrand there waB the Rome of the Apostle Paul. It is to that primitive, apostolic, evangelical Christian Church that I anxiously look for a return, to obtain which I will work all my life without relaxation. '"Let nobody interfere with this mode of evangelising my Italy. The work is noble and worthy of Christian bravery. To bring it about will be a difficult and perilous task. Many and strong are the enemy. Their craft, their, malice,: their power; unbounded and unscrupulous. But if it be God's work He ' will bless 'it, and be with the messengers who carry the good tidings to the Italians. Nor did1 I become a Christian to be ashamed of the' Gospel of Jesus, or afraid to preach Christ' and' His faith among the bitterest opponents.' Let it not be asked, then, any. more what; I was, or what I am not, but let every one know that I am an unseotarian, in dependent,; evangelical Christian. ' So, as much as. in me is, I am ready to preach the Gospel to fAe/Ti that are at Rome also.' ' And instead , of idle inquiries I ask my friends to. pray i' God that giveth the increase,' to bless the; will and the work of His labourers,1 among whom, I hope, by His grace, you1 will always find your sincere friend, " Alessandro Gavazzi." . 