concert at wo donga. A performance styled the " Queen of the Flowers Operetta" was given here on Friday evening for the very laudable purpose of assisting a poor woman and her family wno were in distress. The result wa's highly satisfactory, something over £7 nett being banded over to the poor family, which it is to be hoped will put them over their trouble. They ex pressed sincere gratitude for the kindness extended to them. A word about the performance, which certainly deserves mention : — The hall was beautifully decorated with a grand assortment of llowers, for which I believe many gardens in town suffered. The scenery was also neatly hung with greenery and flowers, all very tastefully arranged. It was in reality au agreeable surprise to the audieuce when the curtain rose and about thirty handsome young ladies appeared, all in theatrical attire, with wreaths and coronets, &c.; Some of the costumes were very liaudsome and much admired, and must have entailed a great deal of care and expense ; in fact, no one expected such an elaborate display, which was really worthy of a larger city. I heard strangers say that they never expected to see anything so grand in Wodonga. How ever, we have the talent here, and it will come to the front wben the occasion re quires it. The performers were received with a perfect tornado of applause. The opening chorus, "We are the flowers," was rendered in a style, I should say, seldom equalled by amateurs, aud the way it was sung, in stage phraseology, brought down the house. If may scarcely be the correct thing to give special mention to some of the singers, as all seemed to do their very best, but justice would not be done without mentioning a few of the leading spirits in the play. Miss Mason, who took the part of" the Queen," sang beautifully and acted her part with spirit and animation; she did it to perfection. Mr S. Mason, as " the Sunflower," was very effective, and performed liis part with a confidence which showed he was no novice at the business. Miss Amy Bambrick, as " the Lily," really looked very nice, the hamdsome costume she had provided for the occasion suiting her to a " T." She has a rich melodious voice, and is not afraid to use it : she went through her part with energy and grace. Miss D. Bambrick's rendering of" Touch me not" was appreciated by the audience ; her acting in this part was really worthy of a professional, and the singing was very nice indeed. Master James Bambrick was very vigorous in his part, and made a determined effort to appropriate the crown, which, however, ho did not get. Miss Margaret O'Callaghan, as " Crocus," sang her part correctly and in very good style, and considering that this is only her second appearance, I think she should he congratulated on the result. Mr O'Brien as " the Recluse," had a part to act which was not pspular with the audience. However, Mr O'Brien's acting and singing were simply perfect, and he got through his part in a way which shows lie is au able singer and a graceful actor. 1 he play without Mr O'Brien would be like " Hamlet" without the " ghost." .Mrs Anstey, who as a pianist cannot be excelled, acted as musical directress; con sequently the whole affair went as smoothly as well-oiled machinery. Misses 0..born, Fleming, Mitchell, Wigg, and O'Callaghan also deserve special mention, for they made the choruses a success. The very young ladies who acted as " the Heatherbells" took their hearers by storm, the general remark being " Tlio.se children sing beautifully and in perfect happiness, and seemed to enjoy their part immensely." They sang their choruses very sweetly, aud the audience seemed as if they would never lire of listening to them; each of the little ones sang as if the success of the whole affair depended on her individual efforts. Tho operetta concluded with two tableaux, one being "The Old Woman who Lived in a Shoe," and the other " The Nine Muses." They were arranged very artistically, and the young ladies looked reallv handsome. It is a pity that there were no appliances available for producing the limelight, as this would have made it perfect. The Wodonga Brass Band generously volun- teered tneir Rind assistance gratuitously, and this made ihe performance' more effective, as they filled up the intervals with delicious music. Mr O'Callaghan came forward before the conclusion of the play and explained the oUjeci T the per formance. He also briefly thanked the audience for their assis'ance i-i m iking it a success, and said ii \vs pleasant to see all uniting in the g->ml w-n-k >! eharit.v. All deserved praise tor In lping, but ill young ladies who pr->p -s-d. p "noted, and assisted to carry the am to fin it conipieuo- deserved, aud had obtained, tin- good wishes ol the community. — " Banner. 