IMoveltet. BY SLOW DEGREES. A STORY OF AUSTRALIA. BY ALEXANDER MONTGOMERY. .' ' AUTHOIlOP,'TlIATV]:riLOWrAIINESH.' bv ? ? __ / ' CHAPTER XVIII. Oinli'ii was ii moderately sized house of tlio villa order, standing in somewhat extensive grounds, and situated in the outskirts of St. Kilda. Tho Iioubo itself occupied tlio summit of a rise, and hnd thus a clonr view over the thick belt of plantation which secluded it from tho road. Entranco to the back was given by a narrow lnno, which, divorcing from this road, mado a loop round tho premises and rejoined the main thoroughfare about a quarter 01 a muo lurtlicr on. In front of the house was a broad terraco, and on this terrace I was pacing up and down n few days after our arrival, when I saw Walter coming up tho drive. Tho Count and his daughter, as it happened, f- wero both from homo, and in Walter's face, ns I told- him this, I could detect Hint con tradictory mixture of relief and disappoint ment, which most peoplo liavo experienced ?at tho postponement of an anxious crisis in their affairs. ' Ho has come to ask the Count for his daughter,' I said to myself ; and ho it was. After a few turns up and down the terraco without speaking, Walter laid his hand on my arm and stopped mo. ' You aro tho Count's intimato friend,' , ho said. ' I want you to toll mo candidly what olianco you think I have of gairiiii' l'aola for my wifo?' ° Tho bluo oyos were very tftublcd; tho strong voice shook as he put tho question, and it was with a keen feeling of regret that I answered — . V Very little, I fear, my dear fellow 1 You remember what I told you about tho Count's rosolvo to avoid any connection with your father 1 ' . 'I remember!' ho answered, letting his hand drop from my arm ; ' but I thought that ?porhaps his irritation on that point would have subsided by thiB time.' ' You_ mistako tho Count muoh,' I said. ' Ho is inoapablo of irritation in tho sense in which you uso tho word. His dislike to your father is founded on tho calm conviction that he is a bad man, and an undesirablo con nection. You will excuse my plain speaking ; but it is best that you should understand tho position.' ' Oertainly it is best,' said Walter; ' but I think Count Giustiuiani judges too harshly of my father, or, rather, of mo on my father's account.' ' No Walter 1— tho Count does not judge harshly of you ; ho likes you much, and has said so m bo many words ; but as ho does not hastily form a judgment, so ho does not hastily alter ono, and I fear you will find him in the samo mind as lie waa when ho spoko to me. ? But come I— I do not wish to diacourago you ? you can but try. I need hardly ask how you stand with tho lady herself.' 'No,' said Walter— ' I am all right with her I But sho would never run counter to her father's wishes I' ' I am muoh mistaken in lier if she would,'' I replied. ' Then there is tho question of re ligious opinions 1' 'Why, surely, from what I know of the Count, ho would make no difficulty on that score I' , 'The Count-no 1 But Fmrant tho young ladyhersolf I . ; ? Walter remained silent for a few moments. 'I havo something to say on that point, ' ho answered then, ' which may probably oxcito your ndioulo.' ' Say on, and let mo.judgo I' ' I know,' lie went on, ' that men of your school of thought— or at least of tho Count's —would scout tho idea of a man's beliefs being influenced through his affco npns, mic tno fact remains that my opi nions on religious matters havo latterly undergone a great change , ' A™. Til? understand, then, that you attri bute this change. to the inlluenco of Signorina Giustiniani? Well, I see nothing in that to . ridicule ; though I think you would be more correct m attributing the alteration to tho lady s arguments than to hor fascinations.' ' f, av,° .?,lw,ftys Ollvica har pure, lofty, un troubled faith,' said Walter, ' and I seem to ? have unconsciously imbibed a portion of it.' 'Do you call yourself a Christian, then?' 'I do not know what to call myself; but I do know that I believe now in many things ' WlM°A1,1IlJ}leSti0?;:(1 W,hen you (hBt k'ow ™°-' All tho bettor for you,' I said ' You may remember that I told you at the time that any state of belief was preferablo, for tho sake of mental quietude, to a mental attitude of universal sceptioism. But hero come tho Count and the xignorina.' With a. ?heightened color and a less com \- posed air than usual Paola greeted Walter 'I have had such trouble with tho mirfre !' ?Jl011?a«1!. ''''Slung. 'Coming out of tho Public Library, hopiokod up another person's hat instead of his own, and wo had got to the front gates before tho owner arrived in hot pursuit. Absurdly angry ho was, too; I really thought ho would havo given the Count in charge, though anybody eould havo seen that tho exchange waa far from being in tho dear. father's favor, Really ho mows ? more absent-minded every day.' ?- 'Only at times, figlia mini' said the Count— 'only now and thon ! You have something to say to mo,' ho added, to Walter, as his swift, keen eyo perused the young man s mgonuous countonanoo. ?' 'Yes, Count; if, you can spare mo a few minutes.: 'This way,, then; Verdana, Raymond ; i-aoio. win iteep you company 1' But Paolo, who guessed what was coming, had fled oro ho spoko, and so, paoing the tor . racoalono, I awaited tho result of the intor viow. : In about a quarter of an hour the Count eent for mo, and, going to his study, I found him twisting his long grey moustache in much perplexity. Waltor stood by tho window, and near tho door was seated Paola, with a sparkle in hor oyo and a flush upon her cheek which Jjotolccuod an emotion unusual with her. ? 'I havo sent for you, my friend,' said tho wnint, 'to havo your opinion on a matter that nearly concerns iny daughter's happiness. InaVord— Mr. Addison, hero, wishes to marry Her! , lou aro already awaro of my primary objection to suoh a matoh, but I find that my daughter's affections are more- seriously en ,. gaged than Ihad imagined., Porhaps lam to ; Blame for not interfering sooner to put an end to tho acquaintance ; but lot that pass !— ihuhnriii is done, mid I wish now to hear if youoiinpufthoinattbrin any now light which wouldwoakon my objections. I do not deny, you Bee,' ho added with a smile, ' that I am willing to be persuaded, any more than I havo concealed from Waltor that I have a great ? personal liking for him. But there still re mains — his father 1' 'But, sir,' cried Walter eagerly, — 'my father is not what you think him I and, even if ho wore, I do not sco that ho need mako ho muoh 'difference. It may sound unfllial on my part to acknowledge that his habits are such n« to mako him an undesirable acquain tance for a lady, but by his own ohoieo wo should seo but little of him.' ' My dear boy,' said tho Count, ' you for got that you aro still dopondont on him I Your profession ? would not enable you, for years to come, to support a wifo.' ' I can wait,' said Walter. 'I am no friend to long engagements,' was the reply ; ' and my daughter shall not form one with my consent.' l'aola camo swiftly forward and clasped the Count's hand. ' You loved my mother 1' sho aaid — ' tako pity on us I' 'Cvra min,' wns tho dry reply, 'it is just, because I tako pity on you thnt I wish to secure you bread to eat, and so forth. Now, Raymond,' lie added, turning to mo with something like a twinkle in his eye, — 'you havo not given your opinion yet.' ' My opinion, Count, is all in favour of these young lovers; though I must admit that tho wnnl of means is a serious objection. But perhaps you and I could' ? : ' Stay, my friend 1' interrupted tho Count ; ' I know what you would say, but that is not to bo thought of for a moment — as far as you are concerned, at an'yrato. LiBton to me, Walter! Should yon marry my daughter, I am able and willing to support you both until you are in a position to dispense with my as sistance ; but I tell you plainly that I shall think tho worse of you if you accept tho pro posal !' ? 'Thon you shall not think tho worse of mo on that ncconnt, at all events ! ' returned Walter warmly. ' I could not think of suoh a plan for a moment I But you forget — my father is rich I It will bo easy for him to givo us tho necessary income.' The Count took a few turns in silence. 'Your father,' ho said then, 'would cer tainly not approve of your marriago with my daughter. How that would affect his rela tions with yourself, you ought to be the best judge.' ' Believe me, sir,' returned Walter — ' what ever he may appear to others, ho has always boon a most kind and indulgent father to me. Give us your conson, tand I am confident of hisl' 'And you really love this young man so muoh?' said tho Count, turning to his daughter. ' With all my heart I ' sho said ; and thon, with a noblo simplicity in no way akin to uri maidenly forwardness, sho went up to Walter and took his hand in hers. A remarkable-looking couplo thoy made, as thoy stood sido liy side, gazing eagerly at tho Count's inscrutable faco. Tho girl — of equal height with her lover — appeared tho taller of the two, and her lofty southern beauty con trasted strongly with tho square, sturdy, Saxon aspect of Waltor, whoso bright bluo oyo alone seemed to denoto anything of a kindred spirit with Paola's. ' Tall and short I ' muttered tho Count, meditating aloud as ho looked at thorn. ' This predilection of tall women for short men — hut I forget! This is' what I decide, Walter. If, as you expect, your father bo willing to mako a sufficient provision for you, I will consent to tho marriage ; but it is only fair to toll you, at tho samo timo, that I mako this concession in tho. full belief that I shall not bo called upon to fulfil it. You think differently? Vory well; go and talk tho matter over by yourselves, but ?remember that I will not relax tho conditions I havo fixed 1' ' What wore you saying just now, Count, about tall women and short mon ?' I asked, when tho lovers had loft the room. 'You intemnrfed yoursolf, you remember.' ' All, yes ! You must have remarked, your solf, that persons whoso stature is much above or. much 'below the avorago generally select from the other box a partner who possesses tho opposite characteristics.' ' Yes ; it is a matter of common obser vation.' ???? ? l ? . . ?. ? ' How do you account for it ? ' ' I suppose it is tho attraction of op posites.'.' . ' ,' It is more than that I It is a provision of Nature for the maintenance of hor ayerago standard of growth. If over and undersized mon and women preferred mate's of corres ponding stature, tho human race woiild'grad ually run to giants, on tho ono hand, and pigmies on tho othor I ' ' That is a now view of the subject to me,' I replied, ' but it certainly seoms to rest on a reasonable basis.' ' Yes ; you will find tho samo forco at work all through Nature. Any divergence from her normal typos inevitably contains within it tho seeds of reversion to those types.' 'You appear to think, then, that the promptings of Naturo will not bo carried out in this particular instance.'1 'With regard to Walter and Paolo, you mean? No — I am as certain as that I stand' hero that Addisou will refuse his consent to the match. As you heard mo say to Walter, it is in that conviction that I mako tho mar riage contingent on his father's approval. Had I the least fear of that approval being obtained, I - would not mako tho conditions I do, for my detestation of tho older Addison remains undiminished ; though, as Waltor might begin to think I was indulging in an unreasonable degree of animus, I have chosen to mako tho monetary objection tho osten sible one.' ' But m a few years,' I remarked, ' Wal ter's profession will make him indepen dent of his father, and thus dispose of the monetary objections.' ?? The Count smiled his caustic smile. ' Is your hair thin and your beard grey, friend Raymond, he said, as ho tapped mo on tho shoulder, 'and do you calculate like ft boy upon what may happen in a few years ?' CHAPTER XIX. , , Walter lost no timo in writing to his father upon tho Bubjoct of tho marriage, and so confident was he of a favorablo answor. that ho looked, upon tho matter as already settled. I was muoh loss sanguine in tho matter, how oyor, for niy oonfidenco in the Count's saga city was great ; but I kept my misgivings to myself, and mado no attempt to damp Walter's expectations. ..??,,. i. ' Are you anything of a sporting man ?' ho asked mo, rather abruptly, on tho morning following tho conversation detailed in tho pre ceding chapter, ,, .| , ,_, . ' I used to tako a good deal of interest in such matters,' I. replied; 'but not latterly. Why do you ask?' , 'Because I wish to toll you that, even if wo tako tho worst for grantod — if wo Bupposo my father refuses his consent, I havo still got a string to my bow I' . .' ?? ?. ' Indeed 1 But what has that to. do with sporting mattors ?' ; ' I will toll you. You hove heard of tho Melbourne Cup ?' . ' Of course ; tho great race of tho year.' 'Yes. Well, it will bo run in a couplo of months from now, and King of tho South is first favourite.' ' So I seo by the papers. Tho publip ap pear to put great confidence in him.' '?''.,, 'So much tho worso for tho public I I know of a horse that can run away from anything n tho race, and that horse is not King of the .South ! — nay, more, ho is scarcely mentioned in thu betting at all!' 'Indeed! And this wonderful animal I presume you havo backed.' 'Yes; I have got immense odds against him. , I am not at liberty to mention his name, but I can put something on him for you if you wish.' 'Thank you I — I am not inclined to specu late ; and if you'll take my advico you'll havo nothing to do with him either I' 11 Oil, I have not miioh to lose, and I stand to win enough to make me quite independent of my father I' I shook my head. ' My oxporibneo teaches mp to placo little faith in ' tips' of any kind,' I said ; ' and theso very mysterious and won-, derful pieces of information are doubly sus picions. But I hopo you know your man.' 'I do; there aro two of thorn, and I bo lieyo they nro both to bo relied on. I am, going to seo them this ovening ; and, if you like to come with ino, I'll show you a little Molhourno sporting life.' ' Agreed ! — provided it be. not of too low an order.' ' ' Oh, no I Quito respectable, for tho sort of thing. I'll /mil for you in tho ovening; good bye in the meantime— I must get back to tho ollice.' ' I wonder what tho Count would say to this betting business,' I said to myself when Waltor had loft mo. 'I'll sound him on tho subject at tho iirst opportunity.' But, though I carried out this intention in what I thought was a most diplomatic manner, the quick-witted Count saw how tho land lay in n ninmftnf 'Ah!' ho said — 'I suppose our friend Walter has been dabbling in it. This betting nianin,' ho went on, ' is nothing more than the lottery-fever of tho Continent, in another form. Your English law theoretically forbids lotteries, and so tho inherent delight in tho worship of chance must find another outlet. Not that there is any difference in principle It is all vory well to talk of the delight in a good race — the improvement in tho breed of horses, and so forth ; absolutely pro hibit tho betting, and horse-racing will sink into insignificance, instead of being, as now, tho all-engrossing amusement of this com munity. As regards any proclivities which Walter may have in that direction, it will be timo enough for me to consider that question when this matter of tho marriago is settled.' Seven o'clock tho samo evening found mo approaching with Walter a well-known sport; ing/ hotel in ono of tho principal streets of Melbourne. The front was a blaze of light, and, as wo entered at a side-door, Walter in formed mo that tho landlord was tho celebrated Bill Crusher, ex-champion of England. Pas sing along a narrow entry, through various openings in which wo caught occasional glimpse!) of the bar, resplendent with carving and gilding, wo reached a small, comfortably furnished room, the very atmosphere of which seemed to bo charged with ' sport.' On tho mantlcpieco was a stuffed bull-terrrier in a glass-case, with a legend setting forth his apocryphal doings in the rat-killing way; above that again was a surprising work of art in which all the colors of the rainbow had been lavished upon tho representation of a. celebrated 'finish' for tho Derby, whilst round tho walls tho portraits of English scullers and American trotters alternated with those of various ornaments of the prize ring, preparing in tho ? most exemplary pugilistic attitudes to do battle with nothing in particular. ?? luy mon will tie Here directly,' said Walter, ,as, having looked at his f watch, he rang the bell and ordered a bottle of sherry ; and by tho timo a broken-nosed barman re turned with the wine tho expected persons had made their appearance. Evidently both of tho ' horsy' genus, they nevertheless presented n. widely different aspect. Tho bigger of tho two, who was un mistakeably a son of Abraham, was wheezy of voice and fleshy of faco ; his dress was of ultra fashionablo and horsy cut, and tho coarseness of his dirty rod hands was enhanced by tho numerous cheap rings which bedizoned his fingers. Tho other was a low-sized, wiry man, with hard, square features, small, piercing eyes, and a twist in tho corner of his wide, thin-lipped mouth as if ho carried a straw in it. ':??.'?? ?' . .' Aw'll tako a drop o' gin hot,' said tho latter, in a strong Yorkshire accent) when asked what ho would take. ' Aw didn't think 'at yo'd a brought anybody wi' yo' t'neot!' . ' ' ' . ' Oh, it' doesn't matter I' said Waltor— ' this is a friend of mino, who is just as Bafo as mysolf.' :???.! 'De;-lighted to seo any friend of yours, Mishter Addison,' wheezed the other worthy, lighting a villainous cigar astho spoke. ' I shupposo you've como prepared for ub, oh ?' ' Yes,' said Waltor, and, taking out his pocket-book, he handed each of them a small paokot of notes, : 'S'help mo!' said tho Jow, when ho had counted his, 'you'vo got the hinformation cheap— dirt cheap ! Ain't he, Jem ?' Tho Yorkshireman did not answer until he had slowly counted his money over twice; then, placing it in a greasy pocket-book, ho squirted a stream of tobacco-juico from the corner of his mouth and sentontiously ejaculated, ' Worth foivo toimes t'brass 1' ' Come, como !' said Waltor with a laugh — ' it's too lato to talk about that, now I Tho bargain's made ! Now, Raymond, wo'll go upstairs.and sob a bit of sparring. That's tho cause of tho noise up there,' ho added, alluding to a mysterious shuffling and tramp ling which had been going on for some timo over our heads. ' I now began to see that Walter was. a muoh greener hand in sporting matters than I had supposed. He had evidently boon paying pretty smartly for what' was in all probability a worthless piece of information, and as we ascended tho stairs I determined to take tho first opportunity of opening his eyes. Turn ing into a dark passage, we paused at a door, upon which Walter tapped in a peculiar manner. A sliding- panel was immediately withdrawn, and, after , a muttered colloquy with tho guardian of tho door, it was cautiously opened, and wo found ourselves in a largo and brilliantly- lighted room, in tho contra of which was a space covered with saw dust and fenced off with ropes. Within the enclosure two ' dovotees of tho fistic art were pummelling each other with might and main, and on tho benches round tho walls sat a crowd of spectators, ranging indegreo from tho most elaborately dressed 'swell' to the debased-looking creatures who formed the link between tho low-olass pugilist! and tho thief pure and simple. ! ? ;.'?'? 'Why all this, precaution ?' I whispered to Walter, .as we took our. seats. ' Sparring with gloves is not against tho law hero, is it ?' . 'No,' ho returned, '. but : those men . ore using what aro called 'skin gloves,' which afford scarcely any protection from tho blows. Anf- encounter with them is virtually a prize fight, so there is a possibility of tho police in terfering,' and, at that vory moment, as if to illustrate his meaning, ono of the combat ants' was knocked down by a .blow which sounded upon his battered countenance as if it had been dealt with tho naked fist. I felt somewhat disgusted, for, though not unacquainted 'with tho pugilistic mystery myself, I heartily disapproved of prizoiight ing, and had entered tho room with tho ex pectation of seeing only a display of harmless sparring; but, before I, could mako up my mind whothor to sit .the' thing out or not, a thundering knock,res6unded on tho door, and a stontprion voice demanded admission ' in. tho Queen's name I ' All was confusion in a moment. The corn batanlji sprung out of tlio ring, tho spectators jumped down trom thoir bonches, and. a con fmiflil rush was mado for tho door at tho other end oT tlie room. Carried along by tho press, I lost sight of Waltor, and found myself hustled helplessly down a flight of ntairs loading to tho back of tho house. Presently wo camo to a Hinall door ; it was burst open ; the human stream poured out. and scattered, and I found myself in a narrow passage, ap parently leading from one street to another. Ignorant of the locality, I turned in tho wrong direction, and reached what soon turned out to bo a dangerous neighbourhood. Aniirrow streetj with mean, dingy houses, and suspicious looking forms hovering furtively about tho corners of tho numerous lanes which led off on either side. 'A villainous looking placo!' I said to myself as I turned to retraco my stops ; but, before I had gone many yards, I found my self confronted by two dark figures. ~ 'Can you givp me a light, sir?' camo from ono of them, but I was on my guard, and ready for tho rush which followed before I could reply. Ono of tho men I avoided al together, and dealt, tho other a blow in the chost which staKcered him. 'Oh! that's your sort, is it?' ho cried savagely,, as ho recovered himself. 'Come on, Bob, and we'll settle his hash for him ! ' I oast a rapid glanco around ; not a soul was in sight but my two antagonists— both men of nearly my own size— and, after a rapid interchange of blows, I received a stroke on tho head which staggered mo ; but, just as tho follows were closing up, a crashing blow sent ono of thorn to tho ground like a clod. The other immediately tool; to his heels ; and, turning round, I saw beside mo a powerfully built. man of middlo size, with bowed legs and disproportionately long arms. 'Thank you, my friend,' I said. 'That was a timely blow. Will you help mo to givo this fellow in charge?' ' No, sir — no,' was tho unexpected reply. ' If I have done you any service, I ask you to requite it by lotting tho man go,' and, before I _ could answer, the thief settled tlio matter himself by scrambling to his feet and running away. ' That decides it,' I said. ' I think your request a strange ono, but, nevertheless, I am much beholden to you for your assistance. I am a comparative stranger in Melbourne.' ' So I supposed. Let mo put you in your way again.'. . 'I have seen you before,' I said, as wo passed a lamp and tho light revealed my companion's features. ' Wero you not in the sparring-room just now?' ' I was, and I saw you there ; I suppose you missed your friend in the crush.' ' Yes, but I , shall saon find him again. May I. offer you any money ?' I added, with some hesitation, for, though my rcscuor's broad shoulders wore clad only in a rough pea-jacket, and his head in a rough fur cap, his language was that of an educated person, and_ his physiognomy had struck mo in the boxing-room as being that of no common man. ? ? / ' Thank you — no,' he returned briefly. ' There's your way ; good night!' I found Waltor looking out for mo in front of tho hotel. ' I was beginning to fool anxious about you,' he said, ' for there wero a good many rough characters about. You didn't think we had this sort of thing in Melbourne, eh?' I, did not answor immediately, for I was divided between my good- wishes for the 'speaker and my dislike to anything in tho way of ' preaching.' B3' Do you approve of ' this Bqrt of- thing,' Walter?' I asked at last'. ' Of prizefighting, for instance ?' ? ?'''?.';?' '?'.'?' 'Well, no; I can't say I do. But you don't think there's any harm in learning how to uso ono's liBts, do you?' \ ? ? ! ? ' Certainly not ! I can do a littlo in that ? way myself ; nor is it many minutes since I found tho knowledge useful.' 'By Jove!' said Walter, when I had' briefly described my recent adventure; ' there's a' caso in point, you see.' ' ' Yes, I don't deny it. But such an exhi- ? bition as1 we witnessed to-night, can do no possible good, arid it would bo bottor to remain ignorant of tho ' noblo art ' than to acquire it among suoh debasing surroundings. Then there is another thing I wish to speak to you about, if you will forgive mo for lectur ing, and put it-down to tho interest I tako in you.' ? ' Speak plainly,' said Waltor. ' I am ready to bo guided by your advico.' ' You cannot bo guided by it in this in stance, unfortunately, for tho harm is already done. I refer to the money you paid thoso two scoundrels for tho ' tip.' ' ' Why, Raymond I' laughed Walter, ' that is not like you — to put men down as Bcoundrols, solely on tho score of their looks.' '??..' 'No;' I admitted, 'it is not like ino ; but my impression is all tho more strong on that account. May I aBk what you paid them?' .'.' Fifty eaoh !' . . . (, . ,' , ,.'.,,'»? ??? ' Thrown away !' ??/....-. 'If I thought so,' began Waltor — 'fii.T, thought they wero deceiving me'— ' ..'.?..? ' You could do nothing I' I put in. '.'Thoy would say they wero deceived thomsolves.' 'So they would, no doubt! Welli never mind; I' havo no fears about tho matter. Havo a weed?' , ' ' Lucrezia Borgia' to-morrow night,' I said, looking at tho bill on tho gate of the Opora-house, opposite which wo had stopped to light our cigars. 'My favorite opera I Will you come and hear it ?' 'Yes, if you wish. Perhaps tho Count and tho signorina would come too.' . I'I'll ask them when I got back.' ?. ., ' Very good. And, by-the-way, I think you had better turn back now to catch your train. I'll come out to Cintra to-morrow afternoon.', 1 ? CHAPTER XX.1' ' : 'Baldovino,' said tho Count, in' Italian, to his old servant next morning ; ' did not I yes terday seo theo working in the gardon ?' . 'Of a truth, Eccellenza,' answered thoold man, ' I did therein lobbr a littlo— only a littlo;!'. ?'? , ''. ??' -; ; 'That was notwell,my friend',!' said his mastpr. ' Thou growest old and feeble, and such work is not for theb. I will engago a man . to attend to the garden. Seo to it, figliiimia!' 'I will advortiso to-morrow,' replied Paola. ' Baldovino shall in future tako his easb with his cigarette, whilo ho superintends operations,' she added, with a laugh. ' Tho signorina is pleased to bo merry,' said tho old fellow, with a low bow, ' but the idleness it likes not Baldovino, and with tho signorina's permission ho will still dp so much ns is possible to him.' 'Well, well— as. thou pleasest,' said' tho Count; 'but tako oaro of thyself,' for thou hast boon a 'faithful and hard-working ser vant I National prejudice,1 ho went on,' in English, when Baldovino had hobbled out of tho room, ' calls the Italian lazy ; but I fear mo that what passes for lazinoes is too often tho want of something to do. The traveller sees the lazzaroni' lying about in the sun all day. ' What an indolent people !' he says ; for getting that work must bo had before it can bo done, ' and shutting his eyes to tho fact that thoso Italians who have it — do it with might nnd main. Tho history of Italy would prove— ah! by-tho-way, that reminds mo, Raymond — you want us to go and hoar 'Luorozia Borgia1 to-night. Did you think Italian opera in Melbourne would bo worth listening to 1' '?'-?? ? I don't expeot muoh,' I answered, ' and so I cannot be much disappointed.' 'Well, you will find this company sur prisingly good. The pieces, of course, cannot he placed on the stago with the splendour of London' or Paris ; still, they aro fairly mounted, and the singing is not to bo des pised. Indeed tho basso— tho Duko Alfonso of to-night — is at present- under engagement to London, andin my opinion ho will do no discredit to tho boards of Her Majesty's. But you will be oblo to judge for yourself this ovoning. I see by tho papers, too, that a now tenor undertakes Gcnnaro, but I do not expect much from him— tho tenor is always tho weak point of second and third-rate companies.'! Donizetti's 'Lucrezia' is everywhere a favourite, and when wo reached tho Opora houfie in tho ovoning it was filled from iloor to ceiling. Tho overture was played — the curtain raised — tho opening chorus Bung — and tho now Gennaro mado his appearance. Though evidently not young, he was slight and undersized, and certainly looked more of a stripling than tho robust young woman who played MalTeo Orsini ; but his voice was good, and had something in its tones which awoke a vaguo recollection within mo. His face, too— despite tho tinted cheek, the blackened eyebrow, and tho pointed beard — struck mo as ono that I had seen before, and for some timo I vainly tried to remember where ; but no sooner had the singer approached the footlights and commenced the beautiful 'Di pesoator' ignobilo' than tho truth camo to me liko a flash. Tho voice was Dumarlay's 1 I looked round at .the Count and saw by his faco that he had made, by the eye, that dis covery which had como to mo through tho ear. Yes ! — scarcely loss sweet and powerful for the passage of over twenty years, these wero tho tones which lmd mado such an indelible impression upon my memory on that long past night at Monkton-Edgott. My mind travelled back to that time, and, absorbed in a painful reverie, I heard as in a dream the increasing applause which greeted each suc cessive effort of tho now singer. Would ho recognise the Count or mysolf, I wondered ; but no— his' eyes, as they roved over tho house, rested uponour party several times, and no look or motion betokened that he knew either of us. But after a timo something occurred which did mako him Btart. Towards tho end of the second act there flounced into the stalls a party of flaunting, overdressed women, and no sooner did Gennaro's glanco Alight on them than he gasped, faltered in his music — and then went on again with an ovidont effort. Directing my glass upon the group which had caused this emotion, I was startled in my turn to recognise another link between mo and my unfortunate past. Amongst the impudent pain tod faces — altered by yearsanddissipation, by rouge and violet powder, but unmistakeablc through all— was the faco of Glika Nasilo vitch ! ? That sho had — wholly or partially — recog- nised Dumarlay was evident from tho fixed gaze with which sho regarded him. Singing or silent, moving about or standing still, sho never took her eyes off him, and so uncom fortable did ho grow under this scrutiny that his performance deteriorated until people be gan to think if ho was ill; At last, however, tho Russian relieved him of her presence by leaving the house, and the last act was sung as well as tho first had been. Tho opera eamo to an end ; Gonnaro, having duly died in groat' agony, was called before tho curtain to receive, with his suppo si-ti-tious mother, a final tributo of applause, and then for the first timo I thought of looking at the play-bill. ' Gcnnaro— Signor Claudio Dimarclli.' ' ' Claude Dumarlay, Italianised,' I said to tho Count, as wo left tho theatre. ' That re moves all doubt!' . . 'Yes,' ho replied; 'but I know him the moment I sot eyes on him.' '.'Ho is not tho only ghost of- tho past that has risen before me to- night,' I said, and was proceeding to speak of the Russian woman, when the all-seeing Count interrupted me. He had recognised hor as soon as I had. ' Put thoso wretches out of your mind, my dear Raymond,' ho said. ' ' Thoy wore not in it when you went to tho theatre, and a little effort will drive them out again.' But oven as ho spoke, and as woerosspd tho street which skirted the rear of tho Opera house, wo saw a dense crowd collected round tho stage-door, and soon gathered from the scraps of_ conversation around us that Signor Dimarelli had been accosted, upon leaving the thoatro, by a low woman, who had not only claimed him as an old friend but had assaulted him upPn his repudiating tho acciuaintance. , 'Tho traps is taken 'or off to chokoyl' shouted ono dolighted gamin to another, and in a few minutes two constables mado their way through tho throng, dragging between them— struggling, yelling and blaspheming— Glika Nasilovitchi ' I thought as much,' said the Count, as, having seen them disappear into tho neigh bouring police-office, wo pursued our way to the railway-station, whither Waltor and Paola had preceded us; 1 '' (Tole continued.) 