SOME CUSTOMS OE THE SOUTHERN SEAS. By Rev. R. B. Comins. On Easter Monday, 1881, we made a start in the Southern Cross for the Islands. We ran through the New Hebrides, Banks Islands, Santa Cruz Group, and reached the Solomon Islands on May 10th. On that day, iu the early morning, we reached Wawo, one of our oldest stations in these Islands. From Wa«o we went on to Heuru, a few miles further down the coast. It was here that Stephen Taroaniara came from, who was killed with Bishop Patteson at Nu- kapu. Things were in a sad state. We have no teacher here, therefore no school had been started and- nothing done. Stephen's own daughter, Rosa, whom he had left to the Mission to educate and care for, and who was many years at Norfolk Island, had returned to her home and to heathen ways. We , heard now that she was ill, and the Bishop went to see her, but there was little to be done but to mourn and pray for her. The people here seemed, thoroughly callous and forbidding. I tried to make friends with them while the Bishop went off to see Rosa in another village, but their only wish seemed to be to find out what fish-hooks and tobacco I had about me, and how I could be induced to part w;ith them We brought back here a quiet lad named Wm. Duru, whose term of instruction at Norfolk- Island had expired, and who was now returned to his home to begin school with the children, to see what he could do to win his own people for Christ ; but he has uphill work I am sure, and needs much grace. and many prayers that he may succeed. I heard afterwards that we owed some of our safety to the fact of having this lad with us on this occasion. Some short time before this, at a place called Ubuna a few miles, further do.wn the coast a white man who happened to be on shore, while clean ing his gun accidentally shot a native chief. His vessel was close by and he escaped to her, but vengeance was denounced against the whole race of white men. A white man'shead was in high request all along the coast just- then, and woe betide the first unwary European who fell into their hands. They made an exception in our favour, however, because we had safely brought back to them one of their own people, and maybe they had not quite forgotten all that the Mela-nestan Mission had done for them in bygone years. AtUlawawe landed a sick girl named Amina Kali, who belonged to Saa, in the Island of Malan- ta, opposite here. "When we first brought Amina ashore she seemed to rally a little, and tried to talk and teach those who went to see her, but soonafter- wftrdt! she began to sfnfc, and became more a burden upon her sister. Family affection does not seem very strong here before Christianity comes in to make a difference. In this case the sister soon got tired of Amina, and used to leave her in the house for eight or ten hours at a time without food or any one to look after her. It ended in my having to re move her to the house of a near neighbour of mine, where I could see her more frequently, and attend to her better. But even here she ceased to be welcome after a time. When it was seen that she could not possibly re cover, and that it was only a question how much longer shewould live,Ifound thepeople where she was staying had their eyes on her belongings, and tried to persuade her to m:ike,'ihem residuary legateest: the sister, hearing of this, was seized with a sudden gush of sisterly affection, and appeared upon the scene to scheme for her own special benefit. Theyalmostfought over her whileshewas alive to secure her box of clothes and a few trinkets she had, but in the meantime her wants received even less attention than before. Itreach- ed a climax when one day I found her in tears because they had decided to turn her out of the house, and she would have to take refuge in the bush, and lie there exposed to wind and weather until she died. It appears that it is an outrage upon native ideas to suppose that a woman should receive any special care and attention when she is sick ; moreover it is such a disgrace upon a house for a woman to be near dying in it, that no man would think of entering the door, and I am assured that if a woman did die in a house, it would contract such defilement there by, it would have been pulled down or burnt. I presume this custom has its origin in the low estimate that women are held in everywhere except where Christianity holds sway. But something must be allowed for the fact that our natives believe in ghosts, as the cause of sickness, disease, and death, and there is a natural fear of coming under their baleful influence when attending to the sick and dy ing aud administering to their wants. I felt that I could not allow Amina, after all the years of kind ness and Christiau teaching she had received, to suf fer from the operation of a heathen custom which seemed to me so unreasonable and unjust. In or dinary cases we make a point in tolerate native cus toms when possible ; but I saw that here I must make a stand, and so, much to the disgust of every body, I assumed the responsibility of having her moved into a little room under my owu roof where at least she could die in peace. It was rather a risk, as I found, for there were great discus sions upon my conduct, and I think it says some thing for the confidence the people had learnt to pu.t in me that my friends and supporters carried the day and I was allowed to have my own way. I found than I did note escape a certain amount of " Boycotting," for all the men resolutely refused to enter my house or have anything to say to me upon my own premises. I rather trembled for my little school lest thechildren, either on their own account, or when required by their parents, should proceed to "Boycott" me also. Here again the new- teaching triumphed over the old customs. I do not think a single child stayed away because Amina lay sick in the house, and when it was known she was dead not a word was spid by any one about the defilement of the house or the desirability of destroying the premises. In fact the men came in and out again as if nothiug had happened. 1 saw a great deal of Amina in her last hours. She was very weak and suffered greatly, and often became impatient and fretful, but she was soothed immediately when reminded of what Christ suffered for her. Her New Testament and her Prayer Book in the Mota language were well thumbed, and full of pencil marks and not s of her own. I found a me morandum in her handwriting of the names of her four godchildren, whom she was in the habit of re membering before God. When she was too weak to read for herself, she often asked me to read to she about Jesus, or torepeatahymn in,which she could join. On the morning on which she died she was sing ing in a low voice verses of different hymns she had learnt. And so quietly and peacefully she passed away, and her spirit returned to God who gave it. It is the custom at Ulawa not to bury the dead, but to wrap them in a mat and throw them into the sea to the sharks, which are ever prowling around waiting for such prey Amina had much dreaded this, andsofor her comfort I had protnsed her that she should have proper Christian burial. I found it was not so easy to re deem this promise. I had no means of making a coffin for her, but, with the assistance of her sister and another woman, we sewed her up in her blankets. Then arose a wrangling over her body, how it was to be disposed of. The women had quite made up their minds she was to be thrown to the sharks in the usual way, and were astonished to find I held other views in the matter. Other women flocked to the scene, and we very nearly had a pitched battle to decide what was to be done. I was told that it was quite wrong for any one who is not a great chief to Do burl oct, buo especially a woman. It was S acted that no one would allow me to dig a grave on his land, and as I had no land of my own I could not help myself. I soon put this to the test. The offer to pay for a piece of land soon found me a friend,, who also helped to dig the grave. While I was away attending to this my plans were very nearly frustrated in a way that I did not expect. When it was observed that I was absent, a number of women arrived at my house and proceeded to lift up and carry off the body to dispose of it as they thought fit ; but for tunately for me my teacher Clement was ill in the house at the time. Seeing what they were about, he put himself in the doorway aud refused to let them pass with their plunder. I got my Christian party together and we laid the body to rest in the. grave, reading the Burial Service and singing our Funeral hymn. There were crowds of natives present, but no one interfered. The grave was fenced in and a pile of stones laised over it, and I believe no one ever ventured near it after dark lest the ghost should be wandering there restless, aud unhappy because the body had not been thrown to the sharks. It does not seem to be usual to make much loud lamentation over the dead here, whereas in some islands this is carried to excess, and hired mourners attend for the purpose of wailing. I observed that widows always wear a particular kind of shell neck lace, until they marry again. It seems usual, when old people die, to destroy all their property to pre vent their children quarrelling over its distribution. Thus when a chief died near me all his carved bows were smashed and his canoe, inlaid with pearl-shell, also. The only thing spared is shell-money, which seems to be divided amongst the survivors. When another chief died his widow returned with her children to her own village. 8he was supposed to have carried off some of her husband's shell- money, aud to have given it to her own relatives. They wore accused of receiving these stolen goods and were very indignant, and came over and insisted on a trial by ordeal to prove their innocence. These proceedings are as follows i — the accused, some ten or twelve persons, stand in a line with their backs to a fire. At this fire old Kukura, a friend of mine, presides over the trial — he holds a blaziug palm-leaf close to the naked calves of each of those b More him, aud the one who flinches, or upon whom the fire takes most effect, is declared to be guilty. In this case Kukura shirked the difficulty and made out that the whole nartv were innocent.— -Missionary Life. To be continued .) 