A VISIT TO THE DAIRYING DISTRICT. FBv our SDecial Reporter.! A speaker at a late rr.eetuig of the Royal Agricultural Society of South Australia having stated during a discussion upon Prnffissr.r J. 'D. Cuatance's paper uj)ou dairy fanning, that a very large proportion of the cheese made in this colony was nothing but skim milk cheese, drew oat an indignant denial from ilr. Samuel Tapscoti, of Mul lendella, near Mount Pleasant, on behalf or himself and his fellow dairymen in that district, together vrith an invitation to the asperser of the honour of the cheese makers to visit his place and see checsemaking conducted in South Aus tralia, In response to this invitation, Mr. Tapscott received a letter from myself, asking him to extend his challenge to a reporter from the Observer Office, and he at once replied, stating that he should be most happy to see me, and show me the whole business from beginning to end. As I have always experienced the liveliest interest in all that relates to the industrial progress of the colony, it afforded me the greatest plea sure to receive this ready response to my letter, and I started for Mount Pleasant by the 7 o'clock coach in the morning, arriving at that prettily- situated township about 1 o'clock p.m. To those who have not travelled through the country between Adelaide and Mount Pleasant previously' the road is most picturesque and interesting, the scenery rapidly changing from the open un dulating plains, commencing at Walkerville, to the tree-clad hills and fern- covered gullie3 down which the River Torrens flows. At every turn a fresh aspect is presented to the view, and the eye never wearies in admiring tbe alternations of rock, water, foliage, and herbage — for here and there are little open vistas covered with emerald-green grass, with an occasional cultivated field or market garden, or an orchard just bursting into bloom._ Down the hillsides in places run little rills in which the watercresses grow so thickly and so strong that it is no exaggera tion to assert that they could be cut and tied in sheaves like wheat, and sent to market by wacon-lqads. The vivid green of the watercress is beautifully set off by the varied shades of brown, red, and green of the brackens, and these colours are admirably contrasted by the hundreds of shades furnished in the trees, shrubs, plants, rocks, &c;, that exist in their vicinity. Not the least interesting feature on the road is the immense cutting at Anstey's Hill, where the cliffs rise on each side to a height of at least sixty feet. As soon as this is passed the country becomes even more interesting, and comfortable little holdings are more abundant. The farms or allotments are en closed with blackberry hedges, or very often with furze, which is now covered with its masses of bright- yellow bloom. The road, almost as a rule, is in excellent order, and the horses trot along at a capital pace, stopping eyerj' now and then at some village or township to set down or take up pas sengers, or to deliver or receive mails, whilst now and again the horses are changed, and the passengers get down to stretch their limbs, or piass 'the time of day' with the landlord. The driver seems to know every one on the road, and a friendly nod or salu tation is passed with each as we pas3 them. All along the Torrens, and at intervals along the road, we see indications of the presence of gold in the white reefs of quartz ; and the coachman points out where at one time or another some lucky fellow had dropped upon two or three ounces of the precious metal in a patch or pocket. As we near Mount Plea sant Township these indications become more marked, and these have perhaps encou raged a better search, for I hear of several gold ventures existing; but none of them paying dividends. Here the country becomes mqie undulating in character; and its litho litic character changes from sand stone, clay, slate, and quartz to gra nite and quartz, with a good many seams of a stone which bears a strong resem blance to sandstone, whilst it might be mistaken for a granite of coarse character, or even sometimes for a course clay slate. My knowledge of geology is too limited to decide where doubts may exist, but when we arrived at Mount Pleasant the granite exists in plenty without any doubt. At Mount Pleasant I found a conveyance awaitinc me, and at once started eastward for Mullendella, about six miles away. Upon this route there are very few trees, and the country is of a rather' hilly nature, the valleys between being from a mile to two miles from the summit of one hill to the Other. As we get towards tho top 0 each Ihill it becomes more and more rocky, until the ridge is surmounted with immense blocks of granite, which in the distance assume the appearance of farm homesteads, and one can hardly be convinced that he is not looking at dwelling houses, barns, stables, and immense stacks of hay. These appearances are greatly aided by the growth of a greyish kind of lichen and moss_es upon the upper portions of the rocks, makirjg them appear as if they were thatched, and the wearing, away of the lower faces of the blocks by the action of air and water makes many of the masses appear like well built hayricks. Everywhere the soil exists it is covered with a thick growth of grass and herbs, which, though short at present, is very rich and nutritious, and will spring up with the warm weather until it is knee-hich, or even higher in some favourable spots. Tho land is generally too strong for wheat-growing, but there are many of the settlera who pick out little patches upon which to grow a little wheat. The holdings are almost all of con siderable extent, varying from 300 up to 1,000 acres— some even more than that— and a very large number of these are enclosed with hedges of whin or gorse, sometimes called furze, giving the whole country a, most English-like appearance. On the roadside I noticed several nice little fields of peas and a few patches of wheat and hay, but as a rule the whole country, comprising hundreds of thousands of acres, is devoted to grazing purposes. Although most admirably adapted tor horticultural pursuits, I saw very few gardens of any note in the vicinity, but these were sufficient to give evi dence that there is ample scope for a large industry in fruit-growing. Rasp berries, strawberries, apricots, apples, and all the fruits that can be grown only in the cooler districts with profit can be grown here, and flowers and vegetables also to almost any extent. About a mile from Mount Pleasant I visited a garden of about four acres in extent, owned by Mr. G. Phillis, oE Upton Park, which is kept in the most admirable order. Mr. Phillis has been here for over forty years, is now_ eighty-five years of age, and was engaged in hoeing over some peas when I saw him. He is quite active, and enthusiastic over his plants, and ta_ke3 great pride in showing his tulips, pansies, rannunculi, fuchsias, and other rare and handsome flowers. Everything that he has undertaken to cultivate seems to have thriven with him, and I I must sav that the old gentleman deserves to succeed, for there is_ hardly a weed on his beds, or a stick on his paddocks, whilst his garden is surrounded by a well-built stone wall, and his land enclosed with a well trimmed and most perfect furze hedge. A namesake of his at Springvale, about two miles awav, has also a very well-stocked garden and' orchard, and some of his Bromp ton stocks were so good that I begged a couple of cuts to show at the Town Hall Flower Show. About two miles further on there is another garden, to which a glass con servatory is attached, but there are only about faftv well-grown plants in it at present, the building having only just been erected. Mrs. Melrose, who culti vates the flowers, has been very success ful, and I have no doubt that a little encouragement in the shape of s, Society - would stimulate horticulture to a much greater degree. Mr. G. Melrose is more of a Ebeepfarmer now than a dairyman, for whilst he grazes many thousands of Merinos of high quality he keeps but a few cows of a rough character ; in fact, he has given up the dairy in favour of sheep, which are considerably less trouble, and with plenty of good country more profitable. He holds a large extent of splendid grazing land, and has a most comfortable dwelling and well-built and well-arranged outbuild ings for carrying on sheepfarming. He spoke with great distinctness, however, up_on the capabilities of the country for supporting a dairying population, and scouted the idea of its not paying handsomely to any one possessing industrious habits and a 'little knowledge of the art of making cheese and butter. Indeed, he remarked that without the dairy not one of the hundreds of Pros perous farmers in that part of the country could have remained upon the land. Arrived at Mr. S. Tapscott's I was re ceived very kindly by him, and at once in ducted into_the art and mystery of dairy fanning in South Australia. I do not mean to say that he showed me the whole of the operations at once, for that would be impos sible, but without delay ho beran a course of instruction which occupied three days to complete. He proved to be a bluff hearty farmer, possessing a large amount of in formation upon many Enbjecta and en dowed with a perennial stream of conversation of a most entertaining character. His farm consists of about £00 acres of well-grassed but very stony land, of a hilly character, with some immense boulders of granite, and most romantic sce nery. There are a great many springs upon the property, and the water a3 a rule is of first-class quality. There are a few sheaoaka growing on the hills, but in the flats there are numbers of grey-gums that have been dead for years and years, their white bleached trunks and long arms standing out like the ghosts of a departed forest. Prom.the,top3 of the hills a most extensive view is gained to the east ward over the Reedy Creek Special Survey of 20,000 acres of similar character, and fur ther over is Been the Murray Flats, with mile upon mile of farms, extending from north to south, bounded by the scrub, through which the Murray River winds its course. The river is fourteen miles . distant from Mullendella Creek, and can be plainly discerned, looking like a' silver streak amidst the sombre mallee scrub. The town ship of Palmer is not very far distant from the boundary of the farm— about six mile3— and to this place the children have to walk every day for their schooling— a feat which may well be described as the pursuit of know ledge under difficulties. The dwelling-house is built in a sheltered place, with a steep hill at the back, and a bj ring^ running in front. There i3 a nice little kitchen-garden attached, and an orchard with from 100 to 150 trees in it. Mr. Tapscott is _ the happy father of fourteen children, thirteen of whom are alive, and several have been started upon farms on their own account. The whole of this large family have been reared and placed out oy the aid of dairy farming, and he says that he cannot but speak in the highest terms of the industry thit has enabled him to achieve so satisfactory a result. Whilst wheatgrowers have failed year after year to make a competence or to live in comfort, the dairy-farmers in the dis trict {and there are hundreds of them) have all lived upon the fat of the land, have raised large families, and besides adding block after block of land to their possessions, have amassed considerable sums of money. From a personal inspection I note an appearance of the greatest comfort and prosperity ; mongst' the people, and every one that I spoke to testified to the fact that dairy-iarming was a much more certain and profitable under taking than wheatgrcving. When I spoke of the difficulty of making cheese in summer they laughed at the idea, and said that it was as easy to make good ? cheese in summer as in winter if it were made in a proper building, but there was a good possi bility of making a failure of it if attempted in the open air during the hot weather. A great number of those who began as dairymen soon acquired sufficient meana to add largely to their area of land, and then they either considerably decreased the number of their cows in favour of sheep, or gave up dairying altogether on account of the incessant atten tion required to keep up with the dairy work. Even Mr. Tapscott himself lias de creased his herd of cows from nearly a bundled to about eighteen, and he doe3 not turn out a fourth of the cheese and butter now that he used to do a few years ago. He explains his motives for doinnthis ;n the fact that his wife, who was his principal assistant, has met with an accident by which her eye sight became impaired, his eldest sous and daughters have been married and settled on farms of their own, and now he is not so in clined to toil from 4 o'clock in the morning till dark at night to amas3 wealth for chil dren, who will be much happier for having to labour a little for themselves ; and each of them will be, or has been, started with suffi cient to enable them to earn a competency for himself. There was one large holder of land in the neighbourhood who let a certain area of land, with house, dairy, and dairy appliances, to approved applicants for the same, and kept them supplied with from 60 to 100 cows in milk, upon shares, to the mutual advantage of himself and his clients. He had no less than three fami lies established upon these terms at once, and I happen to know that they all obtained sufficient within two or three years to enable them to purchase large blocks of land upon the Gilbert. The dairy -farmers have in the past depended almost entirely upon the natural nerbage, and this has more than once or twice been destroyed by fire, when they have been put to greatstraits with their cattle. Another trouble with a few of them has been the overstocking of their land, chiefly through the low prices offering for the excess stock and the difficulty of getting rid of the natural increase of their herds at satisfactory prices. A very few of them combine agriculture with their other pur suits, and some keep a good many bees, for which the gorse hedges, flowers upon the pastures, and the honeysuckle trees make the locality particularly favourable. Mr. Tapscott, who has been twenty-seven years engaged in dairy-fanning, 'and i3 not tired ot it yet,' as he says, did not commence to grow anything for his cows till a year or two back, since when he has grown a little hay to give them in early winter. He says that this hns a marked influence upon the yield and character of the milk, and is an encouragement to him to try further experi ments in this direction now that he has leisure and opportunity for so doing. As before stated,' lie has decreased his dairy stock from £0 to 19, and his product of cheese from nine or ten cwt, per week to about 130 lb. He makes about 50 lb. of butter, of first-class quality, as I can testify, and keeps a gcod many pigs and fowls, which, lie says rr.ust form part of the dairy to make it pay, and prevent waste. His sheep number only about 400, and these he culls every vear in order to keep his wool of an even quality. His sheep are very good, and his wool brings highest price ; but the pigs, fowls, and cows would not, I think, compete successfully in the showyard. The cows are quite of a rough description, though most of them, he says, are fair milkers and well suited for the rough life to which they must submit It is quite true, however, that they have the advantage of the shelter afforded by the huge rockB before mentioned, and as a rule have a plentiful supply of food in the natural herbage. The dairy is an independent bujldicg, erected in a recess cut in the side of the steep hill at the back of the house, and has a narrow space all around it. The roof is double, the first being of galvanized iron, covered with thatch, but leaving a space between, the thatch being covered with earth and the whole shaded by a willow in summer. The door faces the south, and there is a ventilating aperture at each end. Through the middle of the floor a small spring runs down a narrow channel, and beneath the doorsill during winter, but it is dry in summer ; and other two channels run along each wall — both inside and out — to carry oli any water that may enter from springs proceeding from the bill. The cows are now milked but once a day, and the milk as soon as taken is strained, placed in large cans, with a handle on each side, and placed in a cauldron over a fire, in which the water is brought to nearly the boiling poinfe— the proper heat is ascertained by experience and not oy the use of a thermometer. It is then placed either in the pans for skimming next day or emptied into a large vat made of tin, when the rennet is added, which in about twenty minutes turns it into curds and whey. When it is well turned the curd is first' gently broken with a hand-dipper, and in time — about another twenty minutes— the krgest portion of the whey has separated, and the curd is slightly salted, placed in a cheesecloth, and hun' up on a hook till the afternoon to cool, and also to drain. It is then run through the onrdmill, which re duces it to a mass which looks like a lot of chopped beef suet, and it is once again hung up to drain still further. l\ext morning the curd is ground for the last time, salted properly, and put into the press, whence it is removed next day. The press is a compouncNever, and will take in six cheeses if needed. 'When taken out it is wrapped with a clean cloth, which is renewed every day at first, and tho cheese is turned ; but as it gets riper the necessity for changing and turning £3 not so ereat. About six weeks is the shortest time allowed for ripening a cheese sufficiently to allow of its leaving the dairy, but six months is none too long. The earlier it is sold the heavier the cheese ; but the maker who has a repu tation to preserve takes care to preserve liis cheeses also long enough to prevent its dis gracing him. Butter is produced upon most, if not all of the dairy farms, and although skim-milk cheeses are not made I believe that skim-milk forms more or less a consti tuent part of much of the chesse that is made. This is a practice common to cheesemakers all ovrr the world, but with some makera the desire to make as much butter as possible induces them to take even more than half the cream away, and the result is a miserable drv product that is neither chalk nor cheese. I have seen and tasted the cheeses as commonly made by Mr. Tap3cott. and must say that they were equal m quality to New Zealand and' Warrnambool cheeses, for which high rates have been charged. Whilst Mr. Tapscott admitted to me that his cattle have no ' blood' or breeding in them, and that he does not specially leed them, he believes from his own experience with one or two cows that both breedirg and feeding for milk would be profitable, and intends to try one or two experiments shortly. |mi|jra|iii|]i]ii|i_ A ipicturesqne Etory of the Franco-Prussian war is told in Paris. M. Ambroise Thomas, the com poser, was forced before the siege to abandon his beautiful villa, at Argentenil, which was {nil of artistic treasures. 'When the Prussians entered the place or.e of their officers enquired for Thomas'a house, and writing a few Une3 on a card slipped it coder the door. On the carden gate ha wrote a few vrords in German. Many German regiments passed throngh Argenteuil, aad -were quartered in its houses, but the ccmposer'3 remained untouched. When the war was over Thomas returned to his vilJa to End everything as ha left it ; and on tha card which had been slipped under the door he read a German name, and mitten beneath it, 'Xho nephew of Meyerbeer.' We are not only pleased bnt turned by & feather. The history of a man is a calendar of straws. If the nose of Cleopatra had been shorter, said Pascal, in his brilliant way, Anthony might bare kept the world. 