T U K J!'. JV U i' /!/' S . BY A J.OTJT. Ltist night tho enbries for t'io various e-vents of the January Racei were received nt the United Service Tavern Hotel, from ciyrht till ten o'clock. A great number of persons interested in the Races lie ot drop ping in and out .during the eveuiu g, and the general drift of the conversation was of the Turf, horsey. But little reliable news, however, was to bo gathered from -the fragmentary and Bomewhat desultory conversation indulged in — the majority of the visitors being apparently more bent upon quenching an almost illimitable thirst, provoked by tho eulty heat of the weather, than upm varing to excite themselves to a still higher temperature by discussing the merits or demerits of tho various horses. I gathered, he wa -er, that the general opinion is that Belle M hone has been overweighted in the Selling Race, and therefore will not stand 'a ghost of chance.' The liate were closed sharp at ten o'clock, and through the kindness of the courteous Secretary (Mr. R. A. Sholl) I was able to obtain a correct list of tho entries, -which is as follows : — Maiden Plate : Highland Mary, Squatter, Roseberry, Khedive, Hero, Hermit. Town Plate : Cymbeline, Rose berry, My Lord, Rocket, Hero, Hermit. Selling Race :. Belle Mahone, Whirlwind, Bishop, Flying Jir~, Greyhound. The Forrest Cup : Prophet, Youug Fireworks, Richmond, Lowlander. Metropolitan Handi cap : Flying Jim, My Lord, Roseberry, Cymbeline, Rocket, Khedive, Hero, Hermit. Ladies' Purse : Flying Jim, Young Fire works, Rocket, Richmond, Roseberry, S an dal, Hermit, Lowlander, Khedive. City Purae : Highland Mary, Squatter, Whirl wind, Greyhound, Kassassin. Queen's Plate: Prophet, Belle Mahone, Young Fireworks, My Lord, Rocket, Richmond, Hero, Scandal, Roseberry, Lowlander, Hermit. As there is no law of copyright in this colony the weights will not be published until the morning of the first day of the meeting, in order that the ' correct cards' published by the Club may not be pirated by any unprincipled person. In consequence of the previous1 day's heat, and the thunderstorm which occurred early this morning, I did not go out to the Course to-day, and therefore have not anythirg more to report now. Saturday m jruing. 