ITEMS OF NEWS. Our Melbouruo correspondent telegraphs par ticulars': .'of an extensive jowei robbery which took place at Lomdalo-stroot; botwocn Saturday night and yesterday morning. . Tho thioves carried off LI, 500 worth of booty. The R.M.S. Malwa was at Glenclg.on Satur day." She should he in tlio Bay early this morn ing. : Tho issue of return tickots at Friday excur sion faros will- ho discontinued after tlio 1st t July, Tho master of tho Laughing Wave, which was taking shoep to Kimborloy, throw himsolf overboard near the North-west Capo, the loss of tho shoep through rough woathor having proyod upon his mind. v Tho Commissioner of Railways notifies that the timo lias been extended for receiving ten ders for 50 locomotivo ongines. - Tonders are \- invited for the supply of ironwork for dorrick 'oranos.. - Tho Pioneors and old Residents intend cele brating their anniversary with a conversazione, ; which will consist of: music, addressos and light refreshments Ladies and gontlemon will attend, and a pleasant ovening's entertainment may ho -lookod for next Monday evening. 1 The Castlomaine Railway Leaguo is to meet this ovoning to consider what -action shall bo Taken in '.respect to the Government Railway Bill, and about forming a deputation of local bodies interested in the national route from Elphinstono to the North- Eastern line. : i Tho first of tho Mechanics' Instituto concerts for the season will be given on Friday evening, when the now Bemi-grand piano will be per formed upon for the first time since its arrival. -An oxtra good programe has beon issued, and it may be anticipated that from its oponing to its close, each number will bo marked with appre ciation on tho part of tho audience, i The current number of tho Illustrated Austra lian News contains a variety of interesting cuts foundod upon passing evonts, amongst which are tho torchlight procession of tho Fire Brigades at Molbourno, wrecks at Timaru, dynamite explo sion at Prahran, and humorous sketches of the free selector's home illustrative of life that is not all beer and skittlos. Some of , the Melbouruo papers contain an advertisement of tho Marquis of Sligo, offering for salo his Wostport property, situated near Sligo, Ireland. It seems hardly likely that any purchaser will be found at tho presont time in Victoria, or at least if ho became a landowner thoro it is extremely probablo he would not long onjoy his purcliaso, as nearly every day wc havo :to -report the most cold-blooded murders of Irish landlords, and this morning three more are added to the long list of killed, besides othors wounded. Tho Castlemaino Fair on Saturday was but in- xlifl'orently supplied with cattlo. Thoro -was a buyer for 300 head of stores, but his terms did not suit sollors. There was no fat cattle for ward. One milch cow and calf wore sold for L4. No sales wore reported of store cattlo. About 20 horsos, principally light draught, wore on salo,: and about half of them quitted hands at from L5 to L12. A heavy draught horse" and cart found no purchaser, but there wore sovoral sales of waggonettes at satisfactory prices. . : At the Vaughan Polico Court -oil- Friday, -be fore Messrs. Roid, Rodger, and Watorwortli, J's.P., Goorgo Patcliett was informed against for ill-using a horso. Tho ill-treatment consisted in his beating the animal unmercifully becauso it refused to take its load up Butcher's Hill. He was fined 5s and costs. The summoning officer proceeded against throe parents for not sending then children to soliool for 30 days for tlio quar- tor onding 31st March. Mr McNiel, truant olfl-; cor, proved -the attendance. John Williams' daughtor, Mary Ann, attended a half- day. Ho was fined 2s Gd and 2s Gd costs. James All Poo \- was fined 5s and 2s Gd costs, and John McCartin's son John attended three days. A luo of 23 Gdand 2s Gd costs was inflicted. Geo- Godfreo suod John Robinson for lGs Gd for goods suppliod. A vordict for tho amount was given with 5s costs. ' In the Wesley an Church yesterday sermons wore preached on behalf of a fund for giving' aid tp lay , preachers who may bo overtaken by calamities, or old as0- In tho forenoon an im pressive discourse was delivorcd by Mr Etcholls, and in the evening a lay preacher from Sand hurst, Mr Fizelle, conducted the service. He took for his text Acts, loll. 4 to 8 verses, where in it is set forth by Jesus tho . promise to tho apostles of being baptised by the Holy Ghost, and thereafter they- should be witnesses of Hani ip Jerusalem, and to" the uttermost parts of the ojvrth. Tho apostles had been absorbed when when assombled by Josus in the conception of a restored kingdom of Israel, but ho taught them otherwise, they were to havo the gift of tho . Holy Ghost.; What this was tlioy did not know, and. how could they think this now comforter would bo better.than Jesus. Before they received tho bfiptism of fire they -were -helpless and weak, and needed to be .recreated and invigorated, but thereafter they became the heroes of a triumphant gospel, the converters of multitudes, and tho gospel had beon carried to the utter most parts of tho oartli. That spirit onco given was givon for all times, nover to bo recalled, and was as great now as in tlio times of tho apostles. God was thero to give power to tlioso who waited on it, who lifted up their hearts and prayed for it. : A meeting attended by 3000 persons was held at the Temperance Hall, Melbourne, on Friday night, to consider the conduct of tlie live mem bers of Parliament who signed tlio treasonable address to the people of Ireland. Tho resolu tions which were carriod unanimously wore that this mooting of tho citizens of Melbouruo and spburbs repudiates all sympathy with the aenti- nionts contained in a document recently for- wardod to tho Lord Mayor of Dublin, entitled, ' Address from tlio Irish in Victoria and thoir descendants to the people of Ireland,' and bear ing the signatures of fivo members of our Legis lative Assembly, inasmuch as it regards tlio lan guage of that document, as unmistakably sedi tious nnd treasonable." That tho action taken by tho Hon. J. B. Patterson, in Booking to vindi cate tho honour of the Legislative Assoinbly from tho association of some of its members with an overt act of treason, has boon worthy of all praise, and tho cordial thanks of tho meeting aro j horoby accorded him and those who supported | him for thoir spiritod conduct. At tho conclu- j sion throe choers wore given for Mr Patterson. The case of Constable O'Koofe v. Cpnstablo I Smithwick, in which tho formor chnrgod tlio I Iqtter with obtaining monoy from liini under j fqlso pretoncos'in effecting a salo of mining | shares in Mountor's Company, Barry's Reef, i was again before tlio Police Court at Bqllarat, on ! Friday, and after hearing the furtiior ovidenoo i tho Bench expressed the opinion that there was no proof of intontional fraud on tho part of tho dofendant, and that complainant hod exorcised little or no effort to ascortain the value of the shares which lio was buying. Tlio case was therefore dismissed. I Tho lambing on Mr F. W. Armytago's Woo- . loomanata estate, near Lara, (says tho Advor- \- tisor) is now nearly terminated. Tho young stock havo not yet been " marked," but it may I bo fairly estimated tliat tlio percentage will be pretty high, notwithstanding that tho season, as far as the grass is concerned, has not boon at all favourable. Tho weathor, liowovor, on tho othor hand, has been all that could bo desired. A young man, named Thomas Emanuel Smith, a residont of VVaaia, near Numurkah, was accidentally killed late on Saturday after noon, at a spot about four miles from Numur kah. It appears ho and a companion, named Moncrieff, wore riding homewards, and com menced racing, when a cow intercepted the deceased's path, causing a collision by which Smith and his horse came to the oartli. Mon crieff took no notice of tho fall, but wont aftor tho ridorlcss animal thinking no harm was dono. When he returned lie found Smith expiring. The following is from tho Wairou Guardian, Now Zealand : — 11 Among recent distinguished arrivals at Christcliurch is a mammoth bullock, which is now boing sliown by liis keeper as the largest of his species in the world. As a vouchor for this fact, the ownor backs him against oil coiners for LI, 000. Tho following are his dimensions : — Height, 7ft 2in ; length, 12ft Gin; girth, 10ft 3in. He measures 5ft 4in from the wither to tho brisket, and turns the scalo at 3,2001b. According to tho Ballarat Courior, the electors of Ballarat East and West are determined to hold a public meeting in tho Alfrod-liall next Friday ovoning, at 8 o'clock, "to protest against the Irish manifesto, and the action taken by the Legislative Assembly thereon." Com munications havo been forwarded to Messrs. Graham Berry, Patterson, and Deakin, M.L.A's. inviting thoir presence at tho meeting ; and tho four local representatives— Major amitn, Messrs Bell, James, and Finchaiu — will move tho re solutions to be submitted. A most extraordinary case of horse-stealing occurred at Queanboyan on Friday. A. young man named John Blundoll stolo a horse, and the police got scent and went in pursuit. Blundell, finding he was suspected, shot the horso, and after a lapse of three days came into Quean- beyan. An advertisement was inserted in the Times, offering a reward of L10 for tlio convic tion of tho porson or persons guilty of shooting the brute, and tho act was clearly traced to Blundell, who was arrested and lodged in the gaol. The Courier states that tho Amalgamated ! Miners' Association ot Victoria has, through its secretary,' arranged a series or nine resolutions, having referenco to tlio appointment of addi tional inspectors of mines, the prohibition of tho use of noxious explosives, mine ventilation, an equitable Mining on Private Property Bill, and other matters dealt with at tho last annual con ference held in Ballarat, and a copy of these re solutions will bo forwarded to every member of Parliament next week, with the view of obtain ing necessary legislative reform on the subject dealt with. Accompanying the oircular is a basis of eleven olauses, on which to frame a bill for tho purpose of regulating tho letting and working of gold mines . on tribute, and it is in tended to urgo upon the Government to tako steps in tho. direction indicated as soon as pos sible. ... - On Friday ' afternoon considerable consterna tion, was caused in the vicinity of Bennett street Sandhurst, when 'it: became - known that a mothor and a child lianiod Sheppard residing in Casloy street had a narrow escape from drown ing. It appoars, says tho Evening News, that tlio porson referred to in conjunction with a child was passing tho dam belonging to the Kentish Company, when by some moans tho child slipped into the water. The mother of the child on see ing, this immediately jumped; in to rescue the child. "After a little ioxertion, she reached the child and succeeded In conveying it near to tho bank of the dam, wheAslie appeared to.i be in a fainting condition. Her cries however, brought several persons residing in tho neighbourhood -to her assistance and in a short time both mothor and .the child -wero gavod from a watery grave. Without their aid, probably tho mother and child would have boen drowned. —The brig Syren, bound from Kaipara, New Zealand, for Sydney, which sailed on May 20, experienced a : severe gale oil Juno 1, and shipped several heavy seas, which wasliod over board two soamen, named Joshua Walkor and (George Sidey,:.besidos carrying away tho tim ber and everything eho on .deck, and smashing tlio longboat. Aiiotlior sea.stovo in' the stern of the vessel, and carried away W. G. Brown, the mate. As it was found impossible, to make Syd- noy in such a disabled condition, tho vessel shaped a courso for Moroton Bay, in the com. pany of tho Spirit of tho Dawn, and arrived tliore on Tuesday. " \- Two important . measures relating to native aflairs have been passod by the New Zealand House of Representatives by a majority of 5G to 21\. Both of thorn wero rendered necessary by tho action taken by tho Government last No vember in arresting To Whiti, the Maori pro phet, and tlie chief Toliu, at Parihaka, and dis persing their followers.. As it was doomed inad visable to bring the prisoners to trial, a bill en titled the West Coast Peace Preservation Bill was brought in, relieving tho Executive from tho necessity of trying them, and conferring special powers on the -Governpr-in-Copiicil .to- keep in custody, release or discharge conditionally, or re arrest them: Power is also granted for tho dis persal of unlawful assemblies of Maoris, and psnqltios are imposed oil their refusal to dis perse. , The Government Statist's monthly report on the vital statistics of Melbourne and the suburbs shows that tlio births of 739 children, viz., 399 boys and 340 girls, wore registered in Melbourne and suburbs during the month of April. In tho month of March, 834 births woro registered, or 95 more than in the month under review. Tho births were GO abovo the avorago of the proviou3 seven yoars, and 3 below that average, if allow ance bo made for tho increase of population. Tho deaths registered in April numbered 52G, viz., 291 of males, and 235 of females ; the births thus cxcoodod tho deaths by 213. Tho doatlis were fewor than those in March by GG, but ex ceeded tho avorago of April during tho previous ten years by 77. As compared with tlio previous month a decrease occurred in all the classes of diseases except developmental. Tho chiof de creases wero, liowovor, in doatlis from zymotic dis- eases, which tell from 104 to 119, and in those from local diseases, which fell from 231 to 197. The Roxburgh correspondent of tho Otago Daily Times, telegraphing on the 29th ult., re ported : — " A man named John Kitto, of Miller's Flat, wont to tho residence of his son-in-law, Josopli Augustus Roggiero, about 7 o'clock laqt night, apd, without any warning, shot through the window with a riflo at Itoggioro, who wqs sitting by the firo. The screams of Roggiero's wife attracted lior brother-in-law, who had to pass Kitto's houso. Kitto shot him also, tho ball entering tho wrist and coming out at tho ebow. Roggiero died a short time afterwards: Kitto, who wiis in tho Lunatic Asylum some time ago, came to Roxburgh and gavo himsolf up to tho polico. Kitto is now in tho lock-up at Rox burgh. Ho is ovidontly Buffering from religious mania. When told that his son-in-law was dead, ho ropliou, ' PraiBO be to God !' It is just re ported at Roxburgh that unfavourable symptoms are showing in tho wounded man, whoso name is Kloogli. The question of granting free railway passo8 to' destitute working men in soarch of employment is attracting considerable attention in Sydney. $ko working men who get those passes' coine there, to a great extent, from "Victoria. Last month tho number of I Victorian working men who obtained free passes was equal to that of all the othor successful applicants put togothor. A minor named John Booker, employed by the Greta Company, in the Newcastle district, lias been crushed to doath by a fall of coal. This week's Melbourne Bulletin contains the portraits of tho fivo mombors of tlio Legislative Assembly who signed tho disloyal address to which so much reference has been inado lately. The amount oollected by the Molbourno branch of tho Anglo-Jewish Association towards the fund in aid of tho porseeuted Russian Jews now reaches a total of £1,201 8s 3d., to which the sum of £540 has beon contributed by tho Jewish Young Men's Russian Roliof Fund. Mr A. J. Peocliy who was recently accidentally killed had insured his life for L2000, and a few days previous to his death was arranging for an additional insurance of L2000. The matter was allowed to stand ovor, and consequently was nover completed. Tho caso of Garrott v. the Minister of Works has been concluded at Sydnoy, and a verdict was returned for the defendant, tlio value of the pro perty at Darling Harbour being fixed at the amount named by the Government valuator, namely L8750. Mr Garrett claimed L28,108. A young desperado, named John Blundoll, charged with liorae-stealing, lias been captured by the Queanboyan polico, who wero threo days searching for him in a very broken country. The prisoner, who had a very bad reputation, took to the bush some time ago with firearms in his pos session. 4 s showing the extent to which the wild dog nuisance has developed in the Donald district, Mr Goorgo Pyers, of Lawlor station, states that within the past few months ho lias lost between 300 and 400 maiden ewes, besides a number of rams, and tho destruction is pf nightly occur rence. On 5th Juno, Henry Hancock, of Kapuuda, a lad, 12 years of ago, narrowly escaped boing gored to death by a bull. He was crossing a IdUUUbA iriltJil bllU UUli lUOIlbU 1UU1 11UU1 UblllilUj caught liim under tho arms and throw him for ward on his face, where he lay senseless till as sistance came. The. animal was beaten off, but the boy'b face was found to bo fearfully cut about. Tho bull iiad been for some time stand ing on his body. The boy is now progressing favourably. The following is tho copy of the telegram sent to the Secretary of Stato for the Colonies on tho Irish quostion agreed by tho Assembly on Thurs day. It a aE sont by wire. on Friday : — " That this House, while strongly disapproving of ex pressions contained iu an address to the Lord Mayor of Dublin, and deeply regretting that such should have beon signed by certain of its members, accepts thoir assurances of loyalty ; and this House takes this opportunity of avowing its unswerving loyalty to Hor Majesty the Queen, and its ardent desire to maintain tlio unity and integrity of tlie British Empire." The mortality of cattle (says tho Talbot Leader) in this district appears to bo now very great. The weakened condition to which they woro reduced by tho recent drought and tho con- sumptionof tlio now grass hashadthe effect upon them which was prognosticated. On M'Callum's Creekon Wednesday, the droves of young cattlo met with wore in a most wretched condition, and between tho Greek and Majorca no Icbs than three boasts were either dead or dying in tho wnterholes beside the road. Tlioso which wero able to stand appeared almost too weak to get out of (lie way of a passing horse or voliicle, and we hear of one instance whore a young heifer failed to do this, and staggering against the ivheol, was, before the driyor could pull up, so "mu.tiJated that death onsued. ; According to the London correspondent of tho Now York "Herald, the Prince of Wales, speaking to an intimate friend recently, ox- pressed his opinion oil Russian affairs as follows: — 'I Whpn I stood in the church at St- Poters- burg, on the memorable occasion when tho funeral .ceremonies of the late Gzar took placo, I noser felt so uncomfortable in my life. I wond ered whether the ontire structure might not be bliwn iip,and whether mines wcr i not' laid aider, ourfoet to blow us into eternity. In St; Peters1 biirg I firat gained a.clear idea of the situation in" .whioli Alexander found himself. "Tlio Czar had no less than CQ0 aides-de-camp, whereas I apd the Queen have only six between us. To , begin" such reform as tho Nihilists" wish, the, Czar must first dismiss most of these, and ey.ery person thus dismissed from the Court would become ah enemy quite as dangerous as the individual Nihilist. Even the Nihilists them selves do nut know the difficulties of tho Czar's position, desirous as ho is of promoting tho interests of the oinpirp and of the people com mitted to his caro." The suddon influx of medical men to Bal larat of late has, remarks the Courier, for some time boon subject of- remark, but it has tran spired during tho last few days— competition becoming so great — that one of tlio recent ar rivals has taken to canvassing on a somewhat ' novel plan. Our inforriiant states that about a 'fortnight since, an advance agent left at his i private house a card with "Dr -'s compli- jments " printed thereon, but his practitioner not ibeing known amongst our medical men, no more jnotico was given to tlio card. Yesterday, (however, the veritable Dr personally yisitod tho house, and having ascertained that tho card had been duly received, enquired of a nurse if there was any sickness in the family, stating that he would bo happy to attend at tho shortest notice. Fortunately, jiowevor, his services were not required, the in teresting event of a birth haying passed, and the piedico departed under the impression that he (Vila behind his time. -Hitherto it has beon con- pidorod without the pale of medical men to can- yaas for patients, and if persisted in will become estreat a nuisance as tho book-canvasser or in surance agent. : A chargo of assault (reports tho Herald) of an qnusualiy violent nature was investigated at the Malvern Police Court on Saturday morning. Tlie complainant, the wife of a market gardonor residing on tho Wattle Trco road, was the com plainant in a caso oil the previous court day, Nicole y BUI, aucl after ,returnjiig''hoino oil tjiat day the defendant, Thomas Hill, climbed o,n the fence and commenced ;to use abusive lnguago to lier sons. She remonstrated with fiim and he threw a stono at .her weigh ing about two lbs, wliioh struok lier on tjio breast, and knocked her down. This u as fol lowed by another heavy stone, which gave her a very severe wound beliind the ear. Not con1 tpnt with tji.e injuries inflicted, the defondant throw a heavy piece of iron'at hdr'whilst she was oh the ground, but this fortunately inisped her. Mr, Morgan, wjio'appeared for the complainant, ciiUod several lyitnesses, i who corroborated tlio complainant's statement. The wounds : .wove very dangoroqs. The- only dofenco Hill made was that Mrs Nicols had taken up'a paling to hit flini with, but his statement was unsupported. The bench inflicted a fine of L10 and L5 5s copts; in default threo months' imprisonment. From information recoivod in Ballarat from Sydney on Friday, it would appoar that Goorge Manton, tlip mining speculator, is no more. It seems that some friondp oxpoeted the u»fortu- nate inan to arrive in Sydnoy by tho steamer Leura. They woro, it is alleged on the pier wheq tlio boat arrived, and upon making en quiries it was ascertained that a man named Manton had jumpod overboard apd was drowned, during tho trip round from Melbourne. Subse quently, it is' said, a tologram was received in Sydnoyfrom Ballarat stating tliat Manton had been- away from homo for some time. Amongst M'anton's luggage two portraits wero discovered, one being a: picture of hiniself. The latter, it was reported on Friday ovoning, waB recoivod in Ballarat. on Friday,! rewflnipod as a truo representation of Georgo Manto'ib' late of Bal larat. It seems from the information to hand that Manton was a steerage passonger on board the Leura. During tlio voyag'o he was very melancholy, und ot about nino o'clock on the night on which he jumped overboard he asked a fellow passenger to inform the captain of the vessel 'that he (Manton) wished' to see "hfm. Aftor a time the captain complied with the re quest. During a conversation which followed Manton, who was standing nsnr the bows pf the ship, throw off hie top coat, sprang into the sea and immediately disappeared. ' s ' 