AUSTRALIAN CLUB MEETING. August 24, 25, and 26. Presidents—Messrs. T. and A. Chirnaide. Vice-presidents—MesBra. E. Fanning, C. H. T. Hart, Lloyd JoneB, and E. Lee. Flag Steward—Mr. R. Chirnaide. Slip Steward Mr. G. Mayger. Secretary—Mr, T. Haydon. Judge—Mr. W. Pitt. Slipper—R. G. Banner. THE LADIES' BRACELET. Winner, bracelet value 100 so vs., presented by members of the club; second, bracelet value 40 bovb.; third £16; fourth, fifth, and sixth, £5 each. Miss O. Moore ns bk w d Fazalanz*, by Fadladeen —Fatantoka, beat Miss Calvert ns t b Camilla, by Young Bedlamite—Hen. Miss E. Armytage ns r w d Antonio, by Brownlock —Fly, beat Mrs. W. Leonard ns bk w b Facilena, by Fadudeen—FatanUka. Mrs. Rowlands ns r w b Petronel, by L'Aml—Rha ooma, beat Mrs. H. P. Fcrgie ns wf d Egremont, by Ben—Miss Wellington. Miss M. Armytage db r w d Ariel, by Revolver Restless, beat Mrs. W. K. Thomson ns f w b Telegram, by Red Rover—Olencoe. MUs Mentlplay ns bk w d p Mentor, by Red Rover— Kerosene, beat Miss P. Whittingham ns bk w d Way waysacappa, by Styx—Water Nymph. Mrs. James ns bk w b p Lady Primrose, by Rebel lion—Westeria, beat Miss Jones ns w r b Lady Evelyn, by No Luck—Malvern. Miss Maggie Armytage nibdvd Aldloa, by Re volver— Restless, beat Mrs. W. Cooper nB bewdp Cceruleus (late Alpbington), oy Tyrant—Lady. Miss C. Hood ns r w d Drem, by Tom Pepper— Belinda, beat Miss M'Nlsh ns bd w d T. Iron iL, oy T. Iron—Peat Rock. Armytage ns bd w d Augustus, by Chester— p'~f Avon, beat Mrs. H. Fisher ns ba w d Fisherman, by L'Ami- Riviere. Mrs. Cbirnside ns f w b Werrlbee Princess, by O'en Avon—Queen of Hearts, beat Miss B. Wagner's ns bk W b Maud S , by Bashful Joe-Fwbloa, Mre. W. J. Malpae nB be w b Blue Rose, by Warfare —Miss Fox, beat Miss Joeie Wagner ns w bx d Com modore, by Charon—Elsa. Miss Hood nirwi Dirieton, by Tumult—Belinda, beat Mrs. J. W. Crnebie ns bk w b Waterspnte, by Waterman—Lady of Lyons. Mies M. M. Chirnside n* f w b Werrlbee Missle, by Bacchus—Jessamine, beat Miss E. Moore ns bk w d p Fakenbam, by Bashful Joe—Fashion. Mrs. W. M'Culloch ub r w b p Miss Katie, by Harefoot —Dura, beat Miss Trotman ns bk w d p Lancashire Lad, by Cakobsu—Zoe. „Mre W. J. Clarke ns f w b p Contented Lass, by Master Edward—Happy Lass, beat Miss Walker ns bk w b p Lancashire Lass, by Cakobau-Zoe. Miss Clarke ns w f or w r b p Waving Water, by Lavender Water—Rose, beat Miss Ivy Cmrnside ns bk w b Werrlbee Squaw, by Rebellion—Beady Money. Mrs. H. Patterson ns f w d Master Harry, by Red Rover—Pixie, beat Miss E. Whitttngham ns f d Waldemar, by Peer—Scrap. Mrs. Lloyd Jones ns bk w b Jed, by Master Edward —Judith, beat Mrs. G. R, Fenner ns w bk d Stride away, by Charon—Elsa. . T. H. Lempriere nsbk w d p Le Kolr, by Bash ful Dan—Rondeletla, beat Mis. M'Nlsh ns bd w b Cutty Sark, by Post Boy—Boag*s Banshee. Miss Young ns f w b Javelin, by L'Aml-Radlant, beat Mrs. R. Chirnside ns r w b p Werribee Haze (late Rhodora), by L'Ami— Rhaooma. D. Power nsbk wdCharon H., by Charon— Elsa beat Mi* Fergie ns w bk b p Fidgety Fudge, by Pollgolett—Pawnee. IL Antonio beat Fazalanza, Ariel a bye (Petronel drawn from distress). Lady Primrose beat Mentor. Drem beat Aldina. Werribee Prince* beat Augustus. Blue Bo* beat Dirieton. Ml* Katie beat Werribee Hinie. Contented La* beat Waving Water. Jael beat Master Harry. Javelin beat Le Noir. Charon IL a bye. IIL Antonio beat Ariel. Drem beat Lady Primrose. Blue Rom beat Werribee Princess. Mi* Katie beat Contented ' Jael beat Chpxon IL Javelin, a bye. IV. Drem beat Antonio. Min Katie beat Blue Rose. Javelin beat JaeL THE NORWOOD PLATE, For 32 all-ages, at 6 guineas each. Winner £60 and a piece of plate value 60 guineas, presented by Edward Fanning. Esq.; second, £35; third and fourth, £16 each; winner of two courses, £6 each. Open to members of any recognised coursing dub. Mr. R Chlrnside's bk w b RaplditC, by Rebellion— 1* Rapids, beat Mr, J. Wagners r w d Aristeus, by Charon-Joan. Mr. W. Cooper's w bd d Kingfisher, by Wheft— Royal Anne, beat Mr. J. W. Crosbie's w bd d p Cigar, by Wild Rake—LiwL'esa. ' Mr. J. Whittingham ns bd b Legerdemain, by Ledgerkeeper- Magic, beat Mr. & Benwick's rvd Royal Tar, by Tnmult—Gaaette. Mr. F. Womersley's t w d p Wild Harry, by Bright Idea—Bloomer, beat Mr. W. Mentlplay us bk w d Lud wlng, by Tumult—Rosemary. Bon.W.M'CuUocb'sr w bp My Queen,by Dlonysius O'Kane—Belgian Queen, beat Mr. T. H. Lemprlere's t w b L'HIrondelle, by Red Rover—Lucy. Mr. D. Jones ns iwbMelro*, by Seaman—Malvern, beat Mr. H. Patterson's t w b Lady Maryborough, by Robin Hood-Prince* Alloe. * Mr.B. Cbirnside's be w b Werrlbee Queen, by Glen Avon—Queen <4 Hearts, beat Mr. G. Whituogham's w f bMmd of.Orleans, by Monarch—Joan of Arc. Mr, J. Wiggins'bkwb Western Countess, by Regis trar-General—Western Prlpoess, beat Mr. D. Jon* ns w bd b P No More, WUd Bake—lioness. „M».B. CUrnaide's bk w b Werribee Shadow, by Bashful Joe—Ruby, beat Mr. G. Mayger ns bk w d Welcome Guest, by Tyrant-leanle Doom. Mr. O. Whlttinebam'S t d Waiter, by Styx—Waiting Maid, beat Horn W. M*CuUooh's r w b pMlnervaTby Tumult—Ga*tte. Mr. W. K. Thomson's f w b Rosalie, by L'Ami— Biviere, beat Mr. J. Oookson ns bk w d Lnke^ by Mr. B. Bmlt borate's f bShyGL best^Mr. T. Gatenby% be w b Mr. A. D. Hood's bk w b HeatherbelL bv Pepper—Belinda, beat Mr. W. Malpas's r vr d hardo, by Obaron—Elsa. Mean* Fanning and Leonard's bk w d p Farde rougtaa, by Bashful Joe-Fashion, beat Mr. & Smltberam's » w b Prairie Girl, by kaglo—Venus. . Ifr. A. D. ^od^tb Ecru, by^om Pepper—Belinda. nT!" 5OOS, # * bkd Horatio IL (late Hosctio). by Spring—Buttercup. Mr. A. D. Hood's w bib Gyda, by Tumult—Belinda. PbUpoU and Boon's be w b HaUatonn! by Kim rod—Lady Hamlet IL RapidIM beat Kingfisher (1). Legerdemain beat WUd Harry. My Queen beat Matrons. 2"%° 0«»"i>e*be^ Werribee Queeu. Werribee JShadow beat Walter.' Bosalle beat Haather BelL Ecru b*t Shy Girt. Forderoughgbeat Gyda. , ' in. Lererdsmainl Western OountsNbsat My Queen. Werribee Shadow beat BonaUa. Icra beat Fardaroagha. . < the taxamt ccasB. ta «b» Brsoilst Winner, bfabeiet saatsss;* MflW.&ipMrd; Ml bkwbFaoltel^biyVMladMA —Fatanlaka, beat MIm Calvert hi lb Camilla, by Young Bedlamite—Hen. Hn. W. K. Thomson ns f w b Telegram, by Bed Rover—Glenooe, beat Mrs. H. P. Fergie tu w I d Bgremcsit, by Ben—Mm Wellington. MiesJopesnawr b pLadyEveljn,br NoLack Malvern, beat MImP.whlttingham na bk wd Way waysacappa, by Styx—Water Nymph. Hn. W. Cooper na be w d Ocb rnleiis (late Alphlng ton), byTjrant-Ladybeat Mise M'Hlsh na bdw d T Iron II., by T Iron—Peat Rock. Mm B. Wagner na bk w d Hand 8.. by Baahtal Joe —Fashion, beat Mra. H. Fisher ne bkwd Fisherman, by TUrlm. ' Mra. J. W. Oroable na bk w b Watersprite,by Water man—Lady of Lyons, beat Mm Joeie Wagner na w bk d Commodore, by Charon—Else. Mm E. lloore na bk w d Fakenham, by Baahtal Joe —Fashion, beat Miss Trotman na bk w d p Laneaahire Lad, by Oakabau—Zoe. MIm Ivy Oblrnalde na bk w b Werribee Squiw, by Rebellion—Beady Money, beat MIm Walker na bk w b p Lancashire Laaa, by Oakabau—Zoe. Mra. O. R. Fenner na w bk d Btriaeaway, by Charon Else, a bye. Mua E. Whlttingham na I d Waidemar, by Pew—Scrap, drawn. Mra. B. Chirnaide na r w b Werribee Haze (late Rhodora), by L'Aml—Rhacoma, beat Mra. M'Niah na bd w b Cutty Bark, by Post Boy—BoagB Banshee. Mm Fergie na w bk b p Fidgety Fudge, by Poll jO let—Pawnee, a bye. IL Telegram beat Feci lent. Lady Evelyn beat Coeruleus. Wateraprlte beat Maud 8. Takenbam beat Werribee Squaw. 8trideaway beat Fldgetty Fudge. Werribee Haze ran a bye.. IIL Lady Evelyn beat Telegram. Watersprite beat Fakenham. Strideaway beat Werribee Haze. Thursday. The glorious spring-like weather, with the very attractive card for the wind- up of the season, ought to have attracted a Camper at tendance at the Werribee. The special was but thinly patronised, however, and although there was a Ladies' Bracelet, of 42 nomina tions, the ladies were well nigh conspicuous by their absence. The absentees missed the grandest day's coursing of the season, despite the fact that the time of year is against the hares running with their accustomed stout nesB. With but two or three exceptions at the outside—and these not flukey trials, but fair tests of superiority—the sport, from first to last, was the best ever seen on the Werri bee Plumpton. There were 48 courses on the day's card, and although a start was not made till 11 o'clock, the last trial was completed shortly after 4 o'clock, with half-an-hour'a interval for the discus sion of Mr. Kelly's al fresco luncheon. The sun was so powerful that not a few of the greyhounds were sorely distressed; indeed, Mr. Jones mercifully drew Petronel (formerly known as Robinia), after winning her firBt course. Mr. Pitt, the judge, officiated for the beat part of the day minus his coat, which will give an idea of the weather. The principalitem of interest in the day's sport was the re- appearance of the New South Wales crack, Kingfisher, who was backed last night at 5 to 1, whilst the liberal odds of 3 to 1 were laid onhimforhiB coarse, notwithstanding the rumour that he was all wrong. The ailment, however, if any, was very slight, as the flyer ran a clever course, althongh well tackled by the smart little Cigar, who came down on his nose in one part of the coarse. Western CoantesB also ran a merry trial, and Mr. Hood seemed to have the key of the situation in the bottom eight with bis three. Lady Maryborough cut up badly, after a strong opening, and seems as though done with. There were a great number of worthless wretches in the Ladies' Bracelet, and the end of the season was never so well exemplified, thus showing that the generality of kennels are pretty well ran through. Ladies' Bracelet.— Fazalanza went put Camilla on the outside, raltled bis bare about in fine style for a long score, and it was only towards the finish of one of the longest trials ever seen on the Werribee that he tired. Facilena went quickest from slips, but was passed by Antonio, who kept his place when the hare broke back, always showed pane, and won a dodging trial all one way. Petronel got the advantage from dips, but, as she ran ronnd about Egremont, the advantage at the outset wm considerably discounted, and Mr. Jones's bitch got severely punished In a pumping coarse. Telegram led for some dis tance, till Ariel went round her for the opening points, and took everything bat a trifling moiety at the close Mentor stretched ont four lengths from Waywaysacappa for a long sequence after which he died away, and was fast being oat counted when they disappeared at the far end of the enclosure. Lady Evelyn led for some distance till Lady Primrose drew past for the turn. The last named, however, rnshed fearfully, and as her op ponent was, if anything, worse in drat department. Lady Primrose had won easily when the other killed off her turn. Cceruleus led op on the inside, lost his place at the turn, and wu thereafter decisively beaten to a stout-hearted bare. Drem wu three lengths faster than T. Iron IL for first two, and placed the latter, who soon had a winning score; Drem, however, wu always the best with a good hare, and won easily when he killed. Fisherman, on the Inside, secured first three tarns, and lost command, when he unexpectedly stopped, and took no further part in the triaL even men Augustus brought the bare close to 1dm; a very curious exhibition, certainly. Maud 8. want up to her game a couple of lengths from Werribee Prinoeas, wu displaced at the second drive, mad from that always played second fiddle. Bine Boss, on the Inner circle, placed the first five turns to her credit, and had never allowed Commodore a squeak wheotbny weatout of our sight. Dirleton left Watersprite a long way in rite rear for a series of Clever points, sad, as the hare soon got away the winner eeoaped with an an conns. Fakenham drew past Werribee Missis, turned, exchanged, and afterwards wu defeated by a cleverer greyhound, who, however, could have but little in hand when the hare gained cover. Mies Katie showed Lancashire Lad the way to the hate, dusted It about Uke an artist, and finished a very hollow affair sithaflueUlL Lancashire Lass made a modi better display than her brother In the early part of the coarse with Contented Un; bat commencing to rash, the latter had subsequently a bit the best of a moderately-leorthy triaL Werribee Squaw led op three lengths, used bar hare twice, and pltoed Waving Water, who tamed the tablet on her very cleverly. Master Harry showed pace to the hare for a good opening, and lost command ; but a raring hare wu too much for Waidemar, who had only one or two whiffs ere tiny wan oat of sight. Jasl throw up her heed soon alter leavihg tltae, end got in attar the seoood tarn, from which Stride away never had the ghost of e chance with her: Xm Nolr led Catty Bark six or seven lengths, end, althongh rushing s deal, had little or no diffi culty in winning a short ooorse to a dodging hero. Javelin led Werribee Man three lengtha. turned, and kept her portion cleverly tar lour additional, when Mr. Chlrosldeii hitch got en opening, hot cot out bar chance with a speedy wrench end kilL Charon XL was unsighted, or Fldgetty Fudge would never have readied the hero lint; eventually the fiat-named got well placed, and scored an eaay victory. First Tlee.—Antonio led Famiansa Mine lengths, and soored everything bat two prints tat a pretty kw trial Petrooal wu ao thoroughly lUririroad from the effects of bar first coarse, ttMt Mr. tasas drew her, and Ariel accordingly ran t iro Which was a vary short one. XedyPrtnnow Iaa Jlantor to the hare, and although aha twloe went wide of bar game, the latter wu a Mt behind har whan the death took nieee. Drem wu throe good lengths speedier thaa AkUna, turned, raoedpast for Mm next, sad escaped with a short spin, when the hen wu chopped. Werribee Prinoeas not only oatpaoed Aapiwt hot bald poMMalon «o cleverly that .the dog* Cheaoa was a vary poor one SB ttraqgh a jood Mlal. Blue Boas draw past Mrieton snlgf - to the hare, tamed, cams oltvarty .Mm fear {UMuaad kflledat onoe ; atoi Mm Katie was four laagtha Mhrieforfiattwo tonatwhan! mf made a t" * " however, not to he was having f ~ the rises "U i taped pait tar ths« he boat Am, am , matter*, with a lew points to spare. Le Nolr showed In front till Javelin came clean round, Mid as the dog cashed out every time he was placed, lit. Jones's hitch had no trouble whatever with htm. Charon IL ran a bye. which brought the sport to a close soon alter 4 o'clock. Rorwood Plate.—Rapidity momentarily Showed In front, till Aristens drew past her three lengths, and second the first and second turns. The Werribee bitch now had an opening, and throughout a lonctah trial was immeasurably the superior, leaving off a very easy and clever winner. Kingfisher Bhot to the (rent learned lately they were Blipped, turned, and ■wrenched twice, when Cigar cut in cleverly (or two ; 1he favourite replaced himself by a go-bye, and alter tome exchanges, in which Kingfisher always showed most prominently, be wrenched strongly, picked up his hire In good style, and won well. Legerdemain went past Royal Tar, as they approached the hare, held her own In a very clever fashion, and had won un challenged when puss gave tbem the slip. Wild Harry outpaced and easily defeated Ludwing in a trial of good length. My Queen showed pace, aud turned, after which she was (airly out-counted, till, coming agaio, she strung together point alter point, and beat L'Hlrondelle with a lot to spare. Lady Haryborongh let Melroee seven or eight lengths, and stuck so cleverly to ber work that it looked an impossibility for her to be beaten. The hare, however, stood up so long that the old bitch at length died away, and at last was out-BCOred with a point or two to spare. Maid of Orleans went up to the hare with a three-lengths' lead, and then was beaten in a clever and hollow fashion by Werribee Queen. Bo More and Western Countess raced neck and neck together, till the latter bore her down, reached the hare, and ran ap a dozen or more pretty points right off the reel. No More then bad a chance for a couple; but be was speedily dispossessed, aad Western Countess wound up an etsily-wou ouree, and the best of tbe day, with a handy kill. Werribee Shadow sailed away from Welcome Onest. and as the latter seemed incapable of making an effort, ber opponent won all the way back to the Norfolk Plantation. Waiti r led Minerva a couple of lengths, and, with the exception of three points, won a very cleverly-run coarse unchallenged, when he killed. Luke was ex pected to win his first coarse with ease from Rosalie, bnt the bitch unexpectedly led him half a dozen lengths, and from end to end of a pretty display of cleverness allowed him nothing bnt a solitary point and the kill off her torn. Shy Girl and Petunia alternately led, Mid the former took first turn, which was the extent of ber score, as Petunia kept ber place for five strong poiote, ■when pose escaped. This looked a good win for Petunia, hut the judge thought otherwise. Heather Bell drew past Gumbardo going to the hare, turned, exchanged, then cat in for two and the kill, which let her off with a short and easy spin. Farderougha was four lengths faster than Prairie Girl for the tbe first two turns, when he ran wide, and was outcounted ; but, coming again, he need past tbe bitch three or four tames, and finished a good winner. Ecru shot out from Horatio IL after they bad raced head and head together, dusted her game about very cleverly, and beat ber opponent pointless with a smart kill. Gyda led Hailstorm a dozen lengths, and never left a strong rnnning hare whilst it remained outside the cover. Friday. Tbe weather was somewhat threatening this morning, bnt rain kept off, and the day was most enjoyable in that respect The attendance was again very limited, scarcely exceeding a bare hundred all told, and therefore the special train organised by the club mast have resulted in a heavy loss. Prior to resuming operations at 11 o'clock it transpired that Mr. Jones's bitch, Petronel, had died from tbe effects of the grnelling she received in the first round of the Bracelet. Mr. Jones, it will be re membered, purchased the bitch at Mr. Bonnsevell's sale for 28 guineas, and she was bound to have paid her way welL The trials to-day were scarcely so severe on the whole as yesterday, bnt more than good enongh for the time of year. The Norfolk Flanation was well stocked with game, as an evidence of which it may be mentioned that 17 courses came oat from a single beat in one hone. So merry was the sport that at 1 o'clock—pre cisely two boors from the start—the card was run once through, embracing 23 decided courses, and an undecided. This left 16 trials for the day's programme, the total of 41 being accomplished at 4 o'clock, inclusive of an hoar for luncheon. As yesterday, it was a grand display of j coursing, and thereby tbe Australian club may be said to have closed the season with flying colours. Nine courses only are left for Saturday, and there should be an early finish. | The only remarks necessary to make about to-day's running may be centred in the fact that Kingfisher was decisively beaten by Bapidite after the no-go, tbe latter of which it was the universal opinion he won; that Legerdemain looks best for the Norwood Plate, Miss Katie for the Ladies' Bracelet, and Watersprite for the Ladies' Parse. Western Countess wonld have won the prio -cipal stake bnt for ber being so lame, and it was a judicious move to draw her. Ladies' Pcrsk. — Farilen* outpaced Camilla all through s trial of good leogth; and Telegram defeated Egremont pointless in a short spin. Lady Evelyn also made a very one-sided example of Waywaysacappa, the latter going as though his legs were tied. Cceru les* made a modi better display than he did on the opening day, tint it took him all his time to do T' Iron IL, after tbe latter got a chance at the finish of a abort trial. Fisherman played exactly the same game as in his first course, for after leading Maud 8. to the hare, and running fearfully aide, he chucked it up, and trotted back to his cart. The dog was evidently reared on a station, and thereby rendered useless, despite faia excellent breeding. Commodore, after showing pace, was easily aad cleverly out eonnted by Watersprite; and Fakenham hardly ever allowed Lancashire Lad a point in a fint-rate trial. Lancashire Lass was passed by Werribee Squaw going to the hare, and a pumping trial was well won by Mr. Chlrneide's bitch. Waidemar was rirawn, and Strides way ran a single-handed bye to a strong bare that led him a fine dance. After Wer- ■ ribee Haze bad made rings round Cutty Bark, Fidgetty Fudge ran a bye on her own account. First Ties.—Telegram led Fadlens four lengths, and -bad it all her own way till they approached cover, when Mr. Farming's bitch went in for the last few points. lady Evelyn went up to her hare with a three lengths' lead from Creruleus, turned wide, then raced past the Sydney dog twice, and qoickly killed. Maud 8. led up Aw first torn, and subsequently was, well beaten by Watersprite, a good bit tbe cleverer greyhound. Fakenham forged past Werribee Squaw for the time, and left off with a majority after a long and well- contested course. Strideawsy led Fidgetty Fudge seven or eight lengths, and allowed him -little else but the kOL Werribee Haze then ran a bye. Seoond Ties.—Lady Evelyn Increased her lead to four lengths from Telegram, and ecored everything but three or four points in a long trial. Ffckeobsm, judging by his long load and three strong drives, should have walked in ; bnt be died away to nothing, smd Watersprite, with a stout hare, outworked her opponent, finally killed, and won with four or five points in hand. Strideawsy drew past Werribee Base, turned twice, and placed the latter, who used bar gams once, and then put herself out with a handy \- Norwood Plate —First Ilea.—Odds of 6 to f were laid on Kingfisher, who led Rapidlto four lengths on -the Inside, and went wide of bis game, thus letting in The bitch, who had one, when tbe dog raoed pest for another wild drive: Bspiditd now oat in cleverly, •wrenched, and killed too ion, as we thought, loeku by a couple of points: Mr. Pitt, however, must have aeen it diffcfreBtiy, two® took °ff bis cap. The second -time, Kingfisher again led, turned wide, and followed lab; Bapldltd then got well suMon of a long course had It " rthree or four points; in I and round the Sydney crack id past Wild Harry three or " she naked a' IrOse^bqtwM; i Quean gouigto »as tbqtMy aster-' Werribee " Writer! >waa left*; n'e fiby linth'eeiigbteet , sad 'ooked « somewhat ,god Farderougha thereafter defeated her handsomely to a demon of a hare, that stood tip for some minutes. Seoood Ties.—Rapidltd, with odds of 5 to ! on her, was led by Legerdemain, who had all the worst of it to a dodging hare, but nevertheless fairly outworked the favourite. Western Countess drew past My Queen in a straight run up, and finished a well-con tested course with a brilliant kill, a very meritorious performance, considering that she had a couple of broken toes. Mr. Wurgins's game bitch was immediately drawn from the stake on arrangement. The resolve was the more humans from the fact of her having further lamed herself Werribee Shadow could only lead Rosalie a couple of lengths to the hare, but was greatly the superior iu working, and left off a hollow winner when puss ccaped. Ecru stretched away four lengths from Farderongba, and made an unsuccessful effort to kill, which let up the dog, who effectually disposed of his chance by dashing Into his game. Ladies' Bracelet.—Second Ties.—Antonio drew past Ariel in the run-up, and scarcely ever left a stout bare till she killed. Lady Primrose went round Drem for opening honours, ran wide, and from that never tried a yard back to the plantation. Blue Rose led four lengths, turned, and placed Werribee Princess, wbo had oue point, when puss was chopped between them, and the winner escaped with a short spin. M168 Katie left Contented Lass a long way behind, and never allowed her a point, so far as we could see Jael outpaced and made a very one- sided affair of it with Charon II., after which Javelin ran a bye. Third Ties.—Drem led Antonio four lengths, pressed his bare twice, and then brought it round smartly, when be lifted up the game cleverly, and got off wiib a short spin. Blue Rose showed her beds to Miss Katie for a wide turn, when the latter cat in, wrenched four times with catlike cleverness, then killed, and won a short course like an artist, javelin drew past Jael to the extent of three lengths, turned twice, and pressed the bare right Into the jaws of Javelin, a very summary and clever performance. 