THE OLD MAN’S GHOST. —Little Rock Gazette. Several days ago a celebrated spiritualist came to Little Rock, and stated that before giving a public entertainment he would give a seance, where any number of a small invited circle could call up the spirits of their friends and converse with them. By mistake a man from down theriver was admitted, a man whose reputation for deeds of violence ■ would not place his seal above par in the soul market. Alter listening awhile to rapping, horn-blowing and gauze veil materialisation, the bad man rose and said— • Sty, Cnp’u, whar’s the old man’s ghost!’ ‘ What old man,' asked the medium. I old man, the governor. Call him up.’ What is bis name V e ‘Tom Bealick; call him up.* .' I don’t think we are in communication with him to-night. • What’s the matter; wire down V ‘ No, the old gentleman is off on a visit ' •Now, here, just shut up. your wardrobe and turn on your light. If you don’t !ve the old man a ghost a show, the thing shan’t run. • . I U . rl V ,£ he ’ U Come,’ said the spintualist. ‘lf ha raps three times ha is melts"'" ' £ °“ 7 ° aoe ’ h ° h “ ° ther CD e a S e - A sharp rap resounded. ist* He ' a unwillins >’ oont ‘nued the spiritual ‘ Now, here.’ said the bad man, • that wan’t my ole man s knock. Why, if he’d hit that table had splintered it. Call him up,’and drawing a revolver, the affectionate son cast a eeyere look on the medium. i‘m 0 ,. tO L- the , trutb ’ 1 “n’t caU bim up.’ etch him ,m * wanfc to see Cat'll : ‘No, he won’t come; hut I beg of von to b« patient. Wait; „h, he’ll coins presently. Be is here and desires to talk with you. He save for th B V Perf l Ctlj ' hap P y - and ho longs for the time when you will be with him. He is one of the rulers iu spirit landi’ ' Arfe yon’re ’ the r infernaliat -liar j n •Why so, sir?’ , * Because the old man is iu the citvnriaoiv drunk as a fool!’ ’ A poet has written a song called ‘Bury Me Near the Old Home. 1 It he has aecommo dating neighbors, his request will be granted without waiting for him to go through the usual formula of dying; especially if he «nge ma owQ r Bong«, / 5 Next, time you shiver at haying a Tooth pullea think of Joseph Brooks of Colorado. ±ie lay atill and' let a bear obaw-Afc arm oG. aud thereby saved the rest of his Jody. Come to read the item oyer again, it was a wooden arm, but Joseph wasn’t to blame for that* . 