THE, YOUNG MEN'S FRIENDLY SOCIETY FOR THE DIOCESE I - , OF BALLAARAT., The first ordinary meeting of the Young Men's Friendly Society waa held in Christ Church schoolroom on Tuesday, 7th March, and proved in every respect most successful and encouraging. The chair was occupied by Mr. Robert Lewis, one of the vice-presidents, and, after the society's oflico of prayer had been read and a hymn had been sung, the meeting proceeded to the consideration of the subject j — ' What are the Principal Hindrances to the Gospel at Present ?' ' The Rev. Colin Campbell, in opening the discussion, said that the Gospel had been preached since the fall, and that its reception had always turned on a child-like faith. Our Saviour had to deal with hindrances, and even His preaching was in many respects ineffectual. He had to contend with worldlincss and with self-righteousness without, and with an unchild-likc spirit within the Church which He gathered round Him. His nearest disciples contended which should be the greatest in the kingdom of heaven, and He set up a little child as the model for Christian believers, because it had no idea of greatness or of self-righteousness. Simplicity of thought and action was, therefore, the root of Christian life. In the early Church jealousies and schisms arose from the want of this, and men ceased to receive ' the engrafted Word as new-bom babes.' Then the Church was almost swallowed up by a system of worldly greatness and the devices of men, until at the Reformation it emerged from darkness, but with a broken and stormy sky. Since then apathy had crept over it, and infidelity, with a strong spirit of revivalism from time to time. Still,in our own days the great hindrance to the Gospel was the want of child- like faith suiting the action to the word. ' Wlinsnovpr doeth righteousness is righteous, even as He is righteous,' Our own Church of England, ' built on apostles and prophets, Jesus Christ Himself being the chief corner-stone,' had never failed to main tain her scriptural standards as a rallying point ; but we failed to realise her principles in the study of the Word of God and the use of the Sacraments which Christ had given us as helps to ke^n ouv faith alive. The Bible was everywhere, but the knowledge of it was becoming weaker and weaker. Our prayers were beautiful, but the habit of not acting up to our prayers was drawing us backward. We were civilised and Christianised to any extent, but the surface was worn so smooth that we bad no hold for our footsteps. The faith of earlier and darker ages had rushed into action as in the crusades. Now we had a nobler crusade to enter into 'with the sword of the Spirit,' but the present world was practically denying the power of the Holy Ghost — attempting to limit His operation, as in the case of infants, and setting up our own consciousness and our own feelings as grounds of satisfaction, instead of being born again with a child like reliance on the power and willingness of God to help us if we only submit our wills to His will, and ' lean not on our own under standing.' Mr. T. Holding followed, and said that there was a type of per sonal piety that became narrowed in sympathy, and savoured to some degree of selfishness. This type we could never expect to become universal, since under it Christianity loses a great part of the attractiveness and nobility with which it was invested by Christ Himself. That Christianity has been so little successful in re generating the world is traceable to the fact that the grandeur and universality of the principles taught in the preaching and life of Christ had been forgotten by the churches claiming to translate to the world His religion ; and in place of these principles a merely political and evanescent policy was substituted. The danger of ceremonial and of externals generally to a religion that was spiritual in its character was then noticed. We were too liable to think the ceremonial or outer garment of Christianity to be as sacred as the principle it clothes. Christianity is a living principle, and its ceremonial must change as the circumstances of the times and its growth necessitate. The connection of the churches with the secular power has in the past been productive of great evil. Persua sion is the only legitimate weapon of Christianity. The principles taught by Christianity must guide both elector and statesman ; but to identify the government of the churches with political systems that are crude, changeable, and. sometimes unjust, can be productive only of mischief. The Eev. J. Lewis followed, and said that our highly developed civilisation ministered above all else to the ease and enjoyments of the body. The tendency of intellectual life to bring all things out of the region of faith, and the distorted and one-sided views of religious truth, so widely held, were all very serious ob stacles in the way of the true progress of the Gospel, and were more to be feared than scepticism, or any other external and adverse in fluence. Mr. Coulson spoke of the inconsistencies of Christians, and of in definite and indirect teaching about salvation as hindrances. Messrs. Howarth, Llewellyn, Cartwriglit, and the chairman briefly addressed the meeting on the subject, and a well-sustained discussion was concluded by a reply from the Eev. Colin Campbell. The associates and members then proceeded to the election of a second vice-president, two such officers being required by the consti tution. Mr. B. A. Armstrong was unanimously elected to that posi tion. Before the meeting closed the secretary announced that the society's roll contained more than seventy names. 