MABSIE. A wholesome dread of prolixity, tempered by a not unnatural dosiro to seouro my read ers' immediate and undivided attention, im pels mo to speak out liko a man, and confess, without farther rosorvo or circumlocution, that this voracious chronicle is neither more nor loss than the record of as pretty a littlo lovo-affair as ever drew sigh from sympathotio bosom. Now, tho most interesting person age in a love-story is, beyond all controversy, its heroine. And the first duty incumbent uunn tho nurratnr nf Kllnli a stnrv i« flint nf describing his heroine in the most glowing language his pen can command. Well, my heroine's name is Mabsio. And, as a facetious young lady onco informed tho solcct but lim ited social circlo in which I have tho honour to revolve, Mabsie is ' the short for Mab.' This last announcement may scorn trivial to tho unobsorvant, but it is not so ; for it gives mo tho opportunity of explaining that my pretty Mabsio was really named after the famous little potentato whose coachman was 'a small gray-coated gnat.' And why not? No fairy that ever danced in tho moonlight, in the good old times when fairies were as plentiful as blackberries, was half so litho, or half so volatile, or half so delicately fashioned as sho. Moreover, the circumstances under which she first becamo ' ono of us' were, to say the least of it, unusual, it not oxactly romantic; though the scons of their enact ment was just an ordinary matter-of- fact apartment in tho Alexandra Hotel. To my temporary homo in that most pleas ant of metropolitan hostolrics I returned, one evening last summer, after a hard day's work in tho reading-room of tho British Museum, very tired, very much bored by tho perusal of a heap of grimy old MSS., and firmly con vinced that tho operation of dining could no longer bo postponed without grave dereliction of a very grave duty. Determined to perform that duty to tho best of my ability, I knocked at tho door of an adjoining chamber ; des cribed my condition to, a member of my family who seemed to me to be tossing the furniture of her room from sido to side with reckless impetuosity ; and paused for a reply. I received one, immediate, torse, and uttered in a tone of unwonted excitement. ' Come in, quick I and shut the door.' I obeyed, of course ; and, seeing three chair3 and a towl-horso turned upside down in the middle of the room, prepared to restoro them to their norijlal position : whereupon, a gray, brown, fluffy object, with a long, gray, fluffy tail, dashed past mo, liko a comet, and vanished behind tho wardrobe. 'What, in tho name of wonder, is that? I asked ; not a little startled by the apparition and very much astonished at the suddenness of its disappearance. ' That is Mabsio,'' said the member of my family. 'Do you think you could catch ?her?' I thought I could ; and essayed to move the wardrobe, 'wliioh, however, proved to be so in conveniently heavy that I reconsidered the matter, and rang for .tho waiting-maid, who declined to interfere, on tho ground that shet was ' frightened to' death of tho parrot.' The ' parrot,' indeed I Truly it is high time that board schools wero established everywhere. . Scorning the aid of so ignorant a domestic, I gave another tug at tho ponderous structure and succeeded, after much painful travail, in moving it nearly half a quarter of an inch from tho wall ; when, straightway, tho fluffy mass darted over my head, looked down upon mo with well-bred curiosity from the top of the bedstead, sat for a moment on the handle of tho water jug, knocked ovor a candlestick, and finally settled itself comfortably on the mantelpiece. Blessing Fate for my opport unity — for I havo already hinted that I was famishing — I now made a grab at tho furry meteor ; and was rewarded for my pains with a volley of abusivo language which would have left Mark Twain's blue jays nowhere. As suredly, Miss Mabsie's cduoation had not stopped short at tho ' rudiments' of invect ive. Tho stop from tho mantelpiece to tho win dow-frame boing a more trifle of some ten or twelve feet, or thereabouts, Mabsio accomp lished it at a single bound ; and, seated on a convenient cross- bar, watohed the movements of tho carriages in Hydo Park with manifest interest. Then I bethought mo of diplomacy. My friend's open cage stood on a tablo close by. I gently moved it to the window, and, while sho was engaged in criticising tho dross of a soveroly resthetio young lady who occupied tho seat of honour in a barouche on the opposito side of the road, my cautious relativo and I succeeded in quietly elbowing her into her normal habitation. I now, for tho first timo, had an opportunity of observing this romarkablo young person at my lcisuro; and, truly, I no longer marvelled at her ovidont disapproval of her aisthotio sister's habiliments. Her own garments wero conceived in irroproaohablo taste, aud' tho form thoy olothod was porfeot. Imagine a little body, about as largo as that of a fine full grown squirrel, covered with soft fur, in which a thousand tints of gray and black and orange aro so cunningly intermingled with each othor that it is impossible to describe tho resulting colour by any generic term. Imagine a wee faco, liko that of a dear littlo old lady, who has seen much sorrow, but borno it so bravely that it has in no wiso dimmed tho flash of her bright brown oyes, though tho expression of certain sad linos around her pretty mouth is too pathotio to bo misunderstood. Imagine in tho middlo of this littlo lady's forehead, a snowwhito patch, liko tho bandeau of a Sistor of Charity ; and, on either sido of her head, a rich black plume, so light that it looks as if a breath would servo to disporso it intp intinito space. Finally, imagine, in placo of the littlo lady's hands, two dolicato brown paws ; in placo of her high -heeled shoos, two well-formed feet, strong enough to hang by head down wards should occasion render'such a proceed ing desirablo, or to sit upon, or to leap withal over a grand, pianoforte, or a Japanese screen, or any othor reasonable obstaclo you ohoose to placo in their way ; in lieu of her train, pict uro to yourself a tail, longer than that appertaining to tho grandest chat in the chut can of the Marquis 'do Carabas, gray ac ono season of tho year, and, at anpthor, marked with alternate rings of black and cinnamon. Imagine all this, I say, and you will bo able to form a tolerably correct idea of Mabsie's personal appearanco; and will probably bo prepared to hear that sho is a marmoset— not of the common kind usually sold in bird-shops but of a raror, more delicate, and more easily tameablo species, remarkable for tho grace of itsmovomonts, tho gentleness of its disposit ion, and tho modest propriety of its domean our (when not provoked to put tho bluo jays to shamo by tho voilonco of its execra tions). Mabsio did not in tho least mind boing loolftd at. I think sho rather lilted it. When I offered her a piooo of cake, she put her right hand out of the cago and took it, with tho air of ono who was not only privileged to expect polite attention, but really did expect it. And sho ate her littlo rnorsel as delicately as the rosthotic young lady wonld havo eaten an ice wafer at a garden party. Thero can bo no doubt that that mite of cake comontcd our. friendship, for good and all; for wo havo never, sineo I offered it to hor, had a dispute ?upon any subject whatever. Indeed, tho look sho gavo mo was as good as a bond of truce, soalod, signed, and delivered. So Mabsie becamo ' ono of us.' And wo took hor down to our quiet; oountryjhome, re joicing in tho possession of so dolightful an addition to pur family circlo. Albeit, I regret to say that her reception by certain mombors of that amiable confraternity was' not al together such as wo could havo desired. Tho truth is, wo — that is to say tho momber of my family to whom I havo more than onoo had occasion to allude and myself — live under a zoocracy. And among the zoocrats .aro cer tain dignitaries, who, not having been con sulted on this matter, took grievous offence at tho want of proper respect shown to thom by their inferiors. Miss Topsy, a blackand tan toy terrier of oxalted lineage, and such very-oxalted-indeed ideas of her own sovereign rights that a sarcastic friend of mino calls her ' tho homo-ruler' — Miss Topsy, the beloved, tho petted, tho spoiled, would not so much as look'at our now friend. Mistress Chloe, a princess of the Pag dynasty, did indeed con descend to look, and even to sniff ; but ovi- . dently with no more friendly intention than that of discovering whether or not tho mass of fluff was good for food. An for Mr. Bollo, seoing that he would have found no difficulty whatever in swallowing such a dinner, cage and all, at a gulp, I thought it prudent to say nothing to him about the matter ; hoping that in process of timo it might be possible to strike out somo line of policy equally agreeablo to all parties. Meanwhile, thinking that Mabsio's limbs looked crampod after her long journey, I took her into the dining-room, and set her freo, for a run. A grey-black-and-orango flash darted instantly from the cago door to the window curtain. At the samo moment, a blaokand tan flash darted from under my chair. By dint of superhuman alacrity, for whioh I am not gcnorally remarkable, I succeeded in hooking my finger into tho collar of tho last-named flash, for — say half a second. By the timo that half-second had expired, Mabsie was safo on the ourtian-pole, looking down upon the world below, with her head on ono sido, as who should say, ' Dear friend, you really must run faster, if you do not want to lose sight of the tip of my tail in the distance.' Whereupon, Miss Topsy confessed herself fairly vanquished, tho internecine feud came to an end ; and all parties agreed to dwell together in peaco and unity. Liko most spoiled beauties, Mabsio soon began to show signs of a temper delightfully capricious. One day,_when a lady (to whom I had imprudently desoribed her as a paragon of affability) came to see her, sho refused to put as much as the tip of her nose out of bed until 'her visitor had departed, when sho immediately exhibited herself at her best — that is to say, she ate up a wholo banana, and tore my favorito pen-wiper to shreds. Sho will sometimes remain inert all day, and rush about her cage in tho evening like a mad thing or bo as lively as a squirrel in tho morning, and retire to rest at noon, to reappear no more until noon the next day. Her claim to the sovereignty of the curtain-polo remaining undisputed, sho delights in perching herself on its exact centre, and summoning all the othor marmosets in the world toiler Court, by means of a cry, which wo at first mistook for a. whistle, though subsequent observation proved it to pi'oceed directly from tho lungs. This cry is very remarkable. Though miles above tho range of ordinary soprano voices, it is a truo ' chest-note.' A groat musician — Herr Wagner, for instance — would describe it as the five-times-marked g, tho pitch of which is an octave higher than that of the highest G on the pianoforte ! The note is always tho same, and always _ repeated four times. Then follows a pause' of a minute, or there abouts ; then another fourfold cry, followed by another pause, and so on, throughout an entiro afternoon. I am not superstitious. It taxes my oredulity to believe that two and two make four. But I do believo that this cry is Masonic, and intelligible only to marmosets of high intellectual culture ; and I lived for a long timo in daily hope of hearing some Past Master of the Higher Initiation roply to it. Wiser than somo of her human sisters, Mabsie never sings out of tune. When sho is ' not in good voice' she holds her peace. Sho held hor peaco so long last winter that wo began to fear that she must be soriously out of health. So I wrote to an experienced keeper at the Zoological Gardens, and en treated him to prescribe for her. Ho prescribed sponge-cakes steeped in cream, and hot house grapes. By dint of perseverance wo succeeded, at that untimely season, in getting a very few grapes, at the rate of threepence each ; and of these, sho condescended just to tasto ono or two of tho best. The cakes and cream woro more successful, and havo over since remained her f avourito food. Sho likos a grapo occasionally ; but, if disturbed while eating it, droops it instantly, and never stoops to pick it up. We thought, at first, that this was because she did not really caro for the fruit ; but may not tho habit bo traced to a still moro natural cause ? A banana, dropped in tho forest, falls twenty feet at a strotoh ; and if would scarcely bo worth whilo to run down after it, with a dozen bunches of ripe fruit hanging within reach. When Mabsie drops a grape, she does not stay to calculato tho distance it as fallen, but leaves it to its fate, and holds out her hand for another. Still, thoro aro troubles whioh neithorgrapos nor bananas, nor even cakes and cream can cure. And, beforo very long, it becamo so ovidont that our poor littlo Mabsio lacked something, that wo grow quite uneasy about her. At last, it dawned upon our minds that that something might possibly be a mate. To put tho question to tho test, we showed her a looking-glass j and her attempts to oaress her own reflection within it wero so pitoously touching, that we determined to seek a suit alilo companion for her tho very noxt timo wo found ourselves in London. Alas I thero was not ovon a marmoset of tho common ? whito whiskercd species exposed for sale in any shop wo visited. In this soro strait, tho friendly keoper suggested a visit to '! Jamraoh's ;' whoro ho told mo I was quite ?' suro to get my money's worth for iny money.' So, I wended my way to tho far East — not on tho hump of a caiuol, but on tho knifo-board of a Blackwall omnibus— and, in due time, found myself in tho famouB naturalist's monagorio, whoro I saw all manner of beasts, furred, feathered, shelled, and scaled ; but, not so much as tho ghost of a pencil-eared marmoset. So I was fain to content myself with a promise of tho earliest intelligence of an expected consignment. ?Meanwhilo, well knowing that no vulgar animal was ovor permitted to set foot within tho sacred precincts of Mr. Jamraoh's vivarium I intimated my intense desire to make acquain anco with somo oi its inmates ; whereupon I was politely introduced to a blue-bird, a lion, an ocelot, a llama, a mongoose, a mocking bird, a tiger, a nonpareil, a bonnet-monkey, a laughing-jackass, a dorsal squirrel, and a jer- _) i boa. . ? ' .?..,'?? It scorns invidious to doscond to particulars, in describing a company so truoly solect. Yot . there arc distinctions, oven among tho crime ? ' dc la cr6me of tho very best society; and I had not been long in tho presonco of those distinguished representatives of tho . haute noblesse, beforo I found that my ability to re Bist their seductions oxtended only to the first ? ? ten mombors of tho august fraternity. To tho charms of tho remaining two I succumbed there and thon. Tho jorboa was simply irre sistible, with its pretty hare-liko face, its great black-eyes as round as marbles, its dainty little stilts, and the black-and-white tuft, liko a bundle of silk, at the end of its long litho tail. And the dorsal squirrel ? Well, its back was covered with soft black velvet, of a rich- . '?: ness quito unapproachable in theso degenerate' ' ' days, though our groat-great-grandmothers . mayperhapshavowornsomothingmoreWorthy to bo compared with it. Its sides wero of orange-coloured satin ; and in placo of a tail it waved above its baok a glorious ostrichfea ther, tinted with black and grey and richest ??;. ;,.;.|.: tawny red, in infinite gradations which would havo defied the pencil of J. M. W. Tumor him self. Yes ; to these two cunning enchanters I lost my heart on tho spot ; and, impatient to effect their ransom, I caused them to be sent ' . that very day, to my room at tho Alexandra, where, in due timo, I retired' to rest, with a p. ' cage at each end of my bed. ??????. I dreamed that a regiment of Sappers and ' ?' Miners from the Knightsbridgo Barracks was sawing tho house to pieces. Pardon me, 0 . ? brave Lifo Guards, if you can. There is no - limit to the foolishness of dreams. Being ??.; only a lodger, I did not feel myself called upon to interfere, until the noiso of somo hundred . and fifty handsaws was suddenly succeeded by a dead silence. Then I awoke, in some con fusionof mind; and, by tho glimmer of my nightlight, beheld a million jerboas skipping about tho room in overy conceivablo direction, Such a multitude of living creatures I never' saw before ; not even in tho bee-hive. How ever, on lighting my candle, I found that I had made a trifling mistake. Thero was only one jerboa. But that one possessed tho power of jumping in a million different directions, arid staring at me from a million different points of view, at ono and the ?same moment. His movements wero so noiseless, and his long springs so inconceivably rapid, that tho effect : they produced was that of a flickering shadow weaving its network from end to end of the room in chequered lines which ' crossed and recrossed each other so swiftly that it made '. ono's head feel quite_ dizzy to watch them. Common sense assured mo that five minutes of such exercise as that would suffice to tire out the noblest-born 'jerboa that ever traced ? baok its descent to tho days of Pharaoh Necho ; . bo I sat down on the sido ? of my bed, and A quietly awaited results. After the lapse o£ . .. ^M three-quarters of an hour, my faith in common '^^^ sense began to waver. Twenty minutes later I found it desirable to reject all ovidonco savo that based upon experience ; and, as the re sult I had awaited seemed as far distant as ever, I endeavoured to propitiate my good fortune by overt acts of interference with tho natural course of events. I threw down a piece of cake — somo bread — a handful of ? -?' ^ Indian corn. But my enchantments were in ..,??.. vain. I might as well have offered a slice of '' cold bacon to Brillat-Savarin. Having pro vided all manner of meats for tl;e entertain ment of my guests, I was enabled to try the ':.?,..?;.: effect of a cabbage-leaf. After talcing just one ....-,' bite at this in passing, my friend jumped ;j straight into the fender. I did. the same ; and .. surprised him so much by my unwonted agility, that he stood still to stare at me. . ?° This littlo act of .indiscretion lost him the ? ? game. I caught him, point blank, and, his .. :?'? own cage being bitten through and through, . I put him into that, belonging to tho Dorsal Squirrel. Quite undisturbed by this summary ''. proceeding, he instantly began to devour every scrap of food he found in tho house, to ' the infinite ? disgust 6f its lawful occupant, who cursed him by his gods in tones quite awful to listen to. It is needless to say that this distressing exhibition of profanity was ' ' . . '.-.'.', completely thrown away. Unmoved by the - muttered oaths of his'irascible neighbour, tho .-?.-.'.? bold Egyptian followed up his attack upon- . ;'? tho food 6y proceeding to demolish tho cago; '? Tho one task was, clearly, quito as easy to ;??'?' him as the other, and his determination to make short work of it was so strongly pro nounced, that I at once recognised tho neces- ? sity of keeping awake all night. It would . ??..-?. have been a weary watch for me, had it not . ..'..- been so inexpressibly amusing. But, to my . infinite delight, at tho first blush of dawn, my . . tormentor fell fast asleep — and so did I. The. . next day being Sunday, tho impossibility of . procuring a stronger cago impressed mo with . ??' .' a feeling very nearly akin to dismay. To wards eventide, however, tho hotel porter, to -'--'??'! whom I had confided my trouble, was visited - '-'. .?'... ? ' with an inspiration. Ho brought mo a huge ': wire rat-trap, strong enough to have satisfied' ' ' ? the gaolers of Potiphar himself; and this, . ._ ' comfortably padded with tow, formed a con venient habitation from which the compatriot ' of the Pharaohs could in no wiso effect his . ' t escape. So, that night, I slept in peace, sett- . '..'??'.;. ing all tho Sappers and Miners in tho world '';??.. at defiance. . : Two days later, I received notice of a small ' ?. consignment of marmosets, among, which I ...' was fortunate enough to find a Puok who ' ?'??.?'' seemed to me really worthy of our pretty ?-.'' ??;; Mabsio. If I wero only just tho least littlo ?*?'-; bit in tho world sentimental — whioh.I am not ? ?. i — I would try to describe tho first meoting of - ; ?-'?,'? the gentle lovers. But, since experienco' has taught me over and over again, that my pen ? is unequal to tho task of depicting anything at all connected with tho risu and progress of . ? ' tho tender passion, all I can say is, that the ? . '; interview was most touching, and the success *r ,.i.r;-,r of our matchmaking experiment unbounded :, The transports of tho honeymoon, subsided, , . in process of time, into a quiet sort of Darby and-Joan affection, exceeding beautiful to be- ? hold ; and tho happy pair aro sitting, at . this moment, sido by sido upon the curtain polo nodding their heads at each other with ? ' : ? -i a grave dignity quite undisturbed by the gambols of tho jorboa beneath them, and ' :;.;, scarcoly ruffled even by tho periodical visits . ' ? of tho dorsal squirrel, who runs up, every . ? . . five minutes or so, to inquire how thoy find themselves. I am not quito sure that I ' havo over seen a fast young couple of tho human species behavo so courteously in '..: ??'?' tho presence of a troublesome visitor ; though ? I make no doubt that our grandfathers and' ? y ' ? grandmothers wero every whit as graceful and as dignfied. Well! I am fond of dig- \ nlty myself, and I confess that my sympathies ' .-.?'. aro entirely on tho sido of our venerablo pro-; ? i , genitors, and on that of tho two tiny oreatures who so prettily remind mo of them, and who aro conversing together, as I write, with such r ineffable politeness, that I protest I feel quite ' ' ashamed of the roughness of my poor human manners. PerJovem! Mabsio is putting up hor cheek to, bo patted ; and Puck is act ually patting it ! May thoy live happily to gether for over after I W. B. nOOKSTRO. . ? ' ' Tho teacher of a country school,' con tinues tho saino correspondent, ' once pur chased at iny brother's storo Artemus Ward's book as a prize to bo awarded in his school. Tho pupil who received it was a young man, to whom tho teacher romarked that if ho wished some other book ho could oxohanga it. A few days afterwards the youth camo to the storo and asked to havo it exchanged. ' Don't you like it ?' said my brother. ' Well,' said he, ?' tho readin' is tolerablo good, but tho tpelHn* ain't right I ' ' — Harper'* Magazine, ' 