Novelist. MR. MONTFORD'S ROOM. BY WAIF WANDER (W. W.). It waa a' strange : experience althgotoer,, . ' and I have ' for yeara bean very chary of" relating it. Tho Eight;o£,Oolonel Ard- ,'woU'b namo in a lata ptoer.however.has >' recalled' the' whole' affair eCvivldlytb rqo, ' that I may interest yon-iri recording it. ; - / I oame out to thoao coldniea fully do-' . terinined on settling,, and, 'v?hon I heard . (hat Bnngarra Stationwaain thdVmarktt, ' ,, : I immediately pnt myself in wmmnnlqi:1 ' tlon with tho owner, Qolohel Ariiwell. TjT' , found him . a jolly.-agreeable man 'iof the' world, and we arranged, at once that he| ; should accompany mo on a' visit of trispeo- .tlon to the property / , j ''' ' ''I own to yon that' I 'shall tie gladito . : 'get rid of, the place," /he .'aidas,' dicing, the '.afternoon, .'of tho-Ejecohd- day" of dur " journey, we were 'getting hear 'Bnheiraa. ) '.'I mistook.iny' vooatiou Wlion I'ttiodj to mako a country geritlorirap'-of 'myself/ XOa seo wliat a lonely country, it is.', and I ' -do heliovo another sur'montha of ifc, would have killed mo.". , " \ V ' " Have you owned the statibhioniz P'f I ,' inquired,. a 'Abtnt two'.yoart, anSTliWeri't lived the /lonrtii 01 the time on ,'yoh find the , plaoo suit yon, 1 idiuuldctrongly advise ' yon to heep on hl'Liod/ he's a, pattern manager, and bis heart ia in bia work. ' Oh, . ' by- tho-way, I forgot to tell yon that 'toero is i ' ,0'eort of inoumbrdnoe.'taok'ad to/JBringnrra V in the ehape of an old womto." ' ' 1 V " An oldwomonf" , ft. "Tee i tho lato owndr 'wil!bd:tho ealo of vtoto property only on oonditioit that it Bhdald wflotd her shelter nnd irabsiBtonoodatlog hot IgJo. , An annuity la also providad, and a tor-! win room allotted to. .-her "during 'tho jro, , hinder of her exietcneo.'t ; a.;..".. ' \How strango I" I observed. : , mi;,- i , . V)h, olio's rome'fovourlte .old sami(t,'I Viso, and: she's a queer. old sonl,. bat .'I Kfannd her the least, trouble." Ivt, . sorely, Hr. . Montford might haye' | \d"fot the old woman without loosing roths estate;" I said.; jU, yes, it does seem. odd. . I. didn't Ul have said, bnt. iftha old.oreaturo Iri wltlimy selo of Bnng&tra;, I most" joy hero# somehow/I . . .Mdi eurbhanled wilh Baog'axra andoU jtp a bres. It lay in a splendid conptry,. alios magnificent vUbnotwhiohwas hoaem, nearly every window, oil the honsithe unusual etylo of tho jstid to rnoyiot tho least of its attraoUona | oolvedViO unlike anything I had con- I ThaVdarohllcatnro.' . . . hill, am lay on the slope of a grand, .only. A blno-Btono, and iono story ' ' for a tneare'ely a etone was visible, '«> iflourinhinion of, English/ivy I woe mouldings it andup to (ho very wore smalhimneyb. Tho windows' old- faBhionrere of . diamond-poned, dahs were ft niid the deep veran- " " and oven in broad daylight only t,held as mhoh light ns that afforded by a thick forest. ' ' " Fortunately the Bitting roomB faeo the part of the house a stranger might eet dowu as tho'bock, or there would bo no light at all in the place," tho colonel eaid, aa lwo" allghtod from tho vehtole, and' introduced me to tho onpablo-looking man M'lieod, who was manager of .the oetate. " il'Leod will khow yon over thd place, for; to tell yon the truth', I know very little more otdt than my own three roomB and the. (tables. Ton will find it on .oddly- - planned house." . " ilt wah on oddly-plohnod hoose, yot one huQt; I oould qmte beliove/with the- one view of 'suiting it to' the roquiroments 'of ttje ollmate. ,It was biult in the shape of the' letter Hi, with the wing of'themouso' that aorreaponded with 'the bottom of the E lying rigb't against the hilL' In the centre of the square formed by the , three angles of the bnilding, a fountain/ sup-' plied, as K'Leiod told me, by tho drolnsgo ' ffom the hill, scattered its radiating spray refreshingly in the eon, and the stone portioo," that completed the letter-resem- :blauoe,'a»6it'wer0, ,waa covered withn. olimbing rose-tree, heavy with blossoms. I need not, however, delay my story by any naneoesiaxy. deeorigllon of Bangura,. I < inspected it closely, approved of, and bought the property. I eiw the old woman enenm- brance, and pitied her trembling bsnd and . whlto, wont faoe, quite enough to, pat any idea of her bolsg In the way onl of my head; bnt that sbo was quite unawate that the property bid .changed hands until I went to live on it I discovered within an hoar of my arrival. I had taken np my own man,' one I had bronght from England with me, and aa soon as: U'lisod, who had been making eams arrangements with ms, had gone onl, Linton told ma that the old woman waa vary unions to speak to me. " She's in an awful to-do about aomethiog, air," he added. "I think I never' saw a . woman's faeo so while in my life." ' My permission tuhered her Into the room almost instantly; and as aha stood by the door, hesitatingly holding it in her hand, I had an opportunity of notldng her agitation as extreme. Bbe was so thin and frail-look ing, loo, and htr deep blank dress so aagges- livs of trouble and doalb, that I fslt for lb poor old ereatmrs; and rose to plaoo her a chair. ' " Bit down, Mrs. Tone. If yon have any. thing to eay to me, yon can say it mora at yonr ease thna," ' Bbe eat down and lifted her dim eyes to . my faeo es she nervonely fingered tho oornera - ot her blaok'spron. It eesmod to mo as if ahswsro auxlonely eeanning and trying to read my character in'my faeo. ' "I aldn't kaow that Colonel Ardwsll had sold Bnngarra until to-day, lir," she began, " and I'm anxloao about it," " Ob, yon may set your mind at rest," I hastened to auawor. " I am quite awuo of, lira lite claim yon have on tho property, that wul be all right." . ' "Bnttheo!oaedroom,slrf Did theColonel tell yon about that?" The question was SO' anxiously pnt, and snob a' strange one, that I looked hard into the woman!e faee as I returned. "The. olosod room ? tWtaf oidsed room ?" 1 "The room where Mr; Montford died," she replied, in a low. voieo, ae her eyes fell to the floor, and her lips trembled, ' " Oh. I remember non I Colonel Avdwell did ea; eonlothlng about a room being shut np at tho back— Homething dboat an- abinrd talk oi its 'being haunted, wasn't it f But the colonel never visited it, did he ?" ' - ' "No, sir, no1 foot has orosted the ihros- hold Binco the master died, and he wouldn't rest in bis grave if any foot did." neas that I have no 1 donbl gave her somo insight' into my determination of oharaotor, "if thero is ono, thing mors ntterly abominable ' and disgusting - to me tban another it ie oaperetitlons nonsensa of any sort. I 'will' toko Core thero ore no 'ghosts about this hoaso.whilo I am: its owner. Which of those keys is that Of this haunted room?" and I laid ' the bunoh of keys on the table before her: -She pointed to ono, ruatcd and disooloured.; ' " That is it. but for Cod's sake, sir; bo warned, for there is no look in crossing tho wisheB of tho dead." " Wbon tho wishes of the dead interfere with tho, comfort of the living, they ehall not ho considered at Bnngarra, " I replied, "Mr. Montford's wishes as to yourself he , has make lawful and binding On good' parchment, but thero is no mention of a reserved room." , " Ho had not timo, or he would hayo done it," eho murmured. . ' . " "Notlmof" : "No sir. I don't think that Colonel Ardwell oyer knew how Mr. Montford died; for he .never tried to deeeorato the room ,he out off from the living by his expressed'. , dying wishes, hut as you sir, ore determined ito, let, light, into a spot daylight ehonld never, penetrate, I toll yon that Mr. Mont- ; ford -whs murdered in that ohamber." : As she epoke, the old woman rosea.nd barteled to nie,.and then went ontofthe' door.,wlth ,u tottering step, yot without/ .another. word. . I waa, .angry, qnd my ouriostty was exoited., I put out my band, and touohed, tho boll formy.man. J;.,- " Linton," I said,- when ho appeared, f ' there's -- a room iu thie houeo, that has boon. shut, up, for years.it sooms — I want to visit .it— do you know in what part, of tho building it is r" ' : "I can IguosB, sir, for I was wondering ' at tho state of a door at tho ond of -tho hill, wing; as Mr.. M'Lc61 calls it. It doos not . soem-to have boou opened or dusted for ages, end tho oobwebB are in every corner of it." .' '. ; '' i ; ' " Hero's the key of it. I am going; to vieit that room." Aawe passed along the hall that ran right through tho building, and round -its ovory wing, I looked, but saw nothing, of Mrs. Tone. I thought, pprbapB, eho might wish to look oncb more into tho room that evidently hold a deep interest for hcr--hut it1 was -not so,' Bomehow or other, as I fol-. lowed Linton along tho dim pasesgo that lod to the closed room, I felt for tho first' ' time in my life Some idea of the sonsations encountered by tho suporstitioue Wh0n, they approiioh tho dread soeno of a murder or a tragedy. ' 1 . : The door was tho vory last in tho corri dor, ond 'ae Linton, with somo diflloulty, tamed tho rooty key in the_ look _ and opened the door, nothing was_ visible but a darkncsB wonderful to exist in the broad light of day., ' Tho oho window openod into tho quadrangle formed by tbo arms of tho building, but it woo bo ovorgrown bjr 'the interlaced ivy that tho fow roye it admitted were easily caught by tho olosed Venetian .blind inside. Linton at onco drow up the blind and opened tho 'window, while x eagerly, waited to soo what appeornnoo wae preeontod by this ohamber of death. , It was a tolerably largo room, f urniehod yritb every oonvoniehoe as thp'bodoliaijibor of a gentleman ooouatomS rolinded with the luxuries as well as pno oomforts of lifo..' Tho large holMostor bod was 'hung and draped with a handaomo ' cretonne, the oouoh at the foot of tho jbea, sad tjio eiioy chgir by tbets-P11150/ 17 we .. : — covered with the same. A largo, mirror' ooonpied a prominent place on the carved toilet-table, on iwhioh -yet remained the combs, brUBheB, and other toilet requisites, probahly aB the last ownor had lett them, and direatiy opposite the hod and toilet vpere the double doors of a. -large closet, in whioh still hang many garments that gave ont a damp/ mildewed smell as the. doors were opened. : . ' The strangest thing o! all was, however, the foot that from one sido of tho floor, elose to the bod, the rieh carpet wae tossed ba'ok,: end. the v hoards,- whereon wore great; dork stains, lay quite exposed. I uso the word tossed advisedly; for the carpet wb notfolded book, but lay as if it had been thrown book by a strong. and hurried hand. My man raised his eyes: bom contemplating these dork stains, and meeting miile said, seriously i , "This. must be the room whoro Mr, Montford was murdered,. sir." ' ' " Oh, you've heard that story, then?" 1 asked. . " its, sir j the waiter at the hotel whore vre baited told me, end seemed to wonder that I did not already know." , , <'AhI and he doubtloea hinced a little about a ghost, and all that sort of thing, diPf , "Woll.'yca, Bir j be did say that this room was said to be haunted." ' "Exactly so. Now, Linton, yon have known mo long enough to beliovo that I won't have any euoh. nonsensical tales abont a place that hasbecomo my property. 1 don't boliovo in ghosts of any shape or form, 'wad, to sottle the matter, I shall toko this room as a sleeping-chamber, for myself. Bes that it is put In order ; have a good flro made; throw open the door and window j have that ivy pruned that keeps ont air and light, and to- nlght I'll see what sort of ghosts haunt Bungarro." '"-All right, sir." I was going away, leaving tho arrange ment entirely to Linton, whon a curiosity that I felt growing on me- urged me to uk a question i '"By-tho-way, did you hear any par- tlaalart of this murder, Ltntonf" "I suspect tho man told mo all ha knew himself, Blr. It seems Mr. Montford was a' vary odd charaoter, and wis known to keep ail his monoy under his own hand. One morning wlcn this old woman, Mrs- Tone, earns to bring his hot water as usual, sbo found him lying thtro on the floor in his own blood, and so badly wounded that, although he lived for two days, he soiroely spoke, save to the lawyer that made hie trill. Mrs/Tone and her eon were with him when ho died, 'and no out else." "Her ion f where is At now f" "I don't know, sir. The old womra must hsvs been vny fond of ber master, for they say she bu never held np her head elnos, and has igod a good twenty years sinoo he died." : I went awiy to the sitting-room, and sit down to try ind puzzle a meaning ont ol the irange story I bad hoard in connection with toe old woman's name. That some mystery eartoundod. botb her and too memory ol her lite master, I, was eertsln, yet 1 was some, what, uneasy as to ihe cfleot my deolalon to ooonpy the room, myself might have npon her, so I determined to oommanloato it myself, and see if any' expression she might lot' fall wonld'be.any gnldo to ms. It was !a. lovely . afternoon, the snn ss it drooped to tho west filling iully on the play ing waters oj tho fountaio in iho oenlro of what I may term. the . ooort-yard, formed by the angles of the.bnilding. ' I'went out, and, Btsnding, in -the', poiob, looked' toward the room-poqro my valet was bnsy, it was oh my right, a'l tboixtreme end ol tbo wing ol tbs boneu.as, ! have already stated, and then ior .lheflrettimel observed; at a little dis tance troth the room, and lying right against toe hill itself, a, small tenement with a oblmney ahd '.i patoh of flowers in front. , It strnob mo that it Was the habitation ol old Mrs.' Tehe. ImpalBivsly I etrollod noross tbo yard, and approaohed the open door of, tho small odt- ,tngo. It I. had any doubts as to its being the old woman's place ol abode, the sight ot her eeated tnei'de,' with her head boned on the. tablo, nnd her 'withered bonds olasped above it, wis' Buffloicnt to set them' it rest. The poor ; breitnfe was apparently in great igltriiorigroii sobs'shaking her frail boiiy ftomhead to foot.': ' ' 'Toohldnot help 'wondering if 'this -awful grief hid anything td do With the openirigiof the rbpm in whloh her uhfortnnato master had. died, but I do hbf' think I ehonld have ventured to'mako-my.preaenoe known nnder tho oiroumstanoos. ihad,' however, hardly drawnbabk to go, when ehe lifted 'her white, .teaf'staibid fios,and eawmo." The thonghls of my btlnd sprang to my UpB era I had lime to think.- 1 ' "'I hops it is not anytbibg sonnooted with toi olosed room that is troubling -yon thbs," X said; ' " Ton are old enongh to know that inohufobll«h< sdpersUtioss should not bo osfflod tb the edge- ol the gravo." - ! : '" I do n'ot'blame' yon— yonknowno better, and lit- ie the will of Qod," eho- repllid, ehortly, ae eho wiped hor dim eyeB. : "Xon. lead too lonolyya life, my -poor woman,'! . I-; continued, " yon have brooded overthe sad loss of a doubtiese good master until yonr brain has beoome nsakened. At 'jrout aga.it fs-not right for, you- to live hy yoniselfc / Where is your sob, who was hero- at Mr. Mobtfpfd'S death ?". — ; ' II I bad struek tbo iwomon -with a.stquo eho oould rlot havo mora visibly staggered j sho drewbaok suddenly, as if lcom a boavv blow, and stand at ms with a terror that iilmost eommunioaled itself to me. What tadl eaid or douo. to ouuso euoh an awful exbibiliou olifoar and horror as lay slark in lu that old woman's laoo f I began to think, ae the- most - eltoplo. eluoidolion of all the myaterydbat , boomed to surround her, that her bgahr was; really glylog. way under hor troublo pqd loneliness..: " Xou did not understand mo, I fear, Mrs. Tone, I only asked yon If yon know Whoro your eon was. Ho would bo company .for youand,i! youthoogUtflt, Ihavo no dopbt employment qonld bo fonnd for bim on tho etatiyn: Do you know whoro ho is?'" ' "Ho ia doad i dead! dead I" sbo oried, wildly, dood to life, dead to hope, dead' to Qod, nud dead to me I" and tossing hor. thin arms abovo bor head; she tottered Into) an ipner chamber, end left me'lo go baek oven moto.bowlldered tban when I had left, the pailonr, / . 1 I .. ' AnI paBied'tho opon window of the rbom l bafftoldsd on: ooenpylhg, I panaed and looked to j Linton' had got M'Laod'a honeo- keopsr ;at 'work with him; tho Carpet -was lutea eju, shaken, and tho hangings rembved from.tho' bed .for. ' ton purpose of airing and dusting, " donbUoss. The mattrasses ana bedding Bad also disappeared land too' floor bud boon eornbbod. A bright, flro blared on the low hearth, and the most superstitious .would . bavb, fonnd little -of tosjunhtea room in -the, npEen'rnnoo pro-. Bontod by tho rppo'vattd 'Chamber. I Bold as ipiuoliito my mqh whilo the woman ihaq gone outlto bring too osrpst off too, gross. 7fp' fK> it boglnB'tblook mors hablt- ablo, _ but : it -1b ' too' ' hurried : the .day is woarrng so.faet; I have nbt. been pble-to olaan_ont tho olcsot,'whlch, you know/ is full of too dead gpntloman's olpthcs, and I havo put. too matlrasooa ;ond bedding in thero until to-morrow— but that ; will- not come , pot, oad he pointed tp tho blppd . . , ... Btoins on top floCr by toe bed, whioh were beginning to ctcop boldly to view again from toe-drying moisture of the Bcrubblng- bruah, 1 .; ' " Never mind ; the carpet will cover it," was my reply; as I went away. Well, night bame; and bedtime, whon. escorted by bay attendant, I Went to spend my first night in the mysterious ohamber. Nothing could look., more - comfortable. My own easy-ohair and slippers Btbo'd' by toe alear fire ; all my toilet requisites wora spread ont on! the snoWily-draped toilet, toe silver tops and stoppers reflecting toemeolves brightly in toe' tall, dork mirror behind them..' The'. lamp bnrnod oloarly, and toe bed, folded dorm ready for occupation, looked 'soft and .white, and enticing enongh to'tetript a man less fatigued than I found myself to toe soundest of slumbers. '.' "vWould it not bo 'as well for me ' to eleop on this oouoh to-night, sir, so to to be handy in oase you want mo f" Linton hesitatingly asked as he was abont to rctiro, and was lowering toe light with too evident intention of tearing it banting.' "Witatf I almoet roarod, "am I to have yon tuning anperstlUons on my bands, too Linton t well, I give yon notioe, that if I ever seo snob another symptom of it; yon leave my serrioo, if yon bad been twenty instead of ton years in it. What should I want yon for f or If iBhonld,' thero .is a boll doss to too bed. Fat ont that light, and go," Beforo uomnlying, the man took tho boll- pull which was tho old-fashioned cord and taeso, and twined it lightly ronnd toe bed post, eo as to bo within reaoh of my hand, then ho blow ont toe light, and wont oat en tip-toe, and without another word. It would bs false to say that I did not expeiieaeo any anaiaal seaaitlone as I l»y there Is the eeml- dukneu/and ln the room where a dread tragedy bad bsea performed, for I did. Not that I waa afraid, or had ths least antldpatfone of any spiritual visitation, but I got to pletorlng that last night of Mr. Montford, and twoylng his sensations aa ho awokn with the murdsrss'a hnlfo at - bis breast. A straggle for doar Ufa had boon onaotod on tho vary bad I ooooplsd ; ruddy blood had ponrad ao deeply Into the boards by my sldo that tho atalos yot bora wltnasa agalnit lh« mudorti and refoaed to bo ob literated. Who waa tho murderer? I knew nothing of ths affair save what I had g ttosnd that day, and I was igaorast of a fast that I afterwards dissevered, Tho, that Mr, Montford waa supposed to have recognised the spUlar of blood, botoealed his Upa as to bis fdosllty, that remained to that Tory day naknown. The glow of the rod embers alono gave a faint light around ton hearth, and too alienee, save by tho ticking of my wstoh abovo my head, was unbroken. Ths un accustomed air, oxarelss, and exoltament of- tho day had fatigued me, and gradually my thoughts began to wander and grow con futed. ' I fell asleep, and knew no more until I waa suddenly awakened by a .strange con. caaston that I could not comprehend, end whioh seemed to havo shaken the bad aa' thongh some heavy body had violently struck against it, < I sat up in bod and listened. For a moment I could have fancied that soma one was In the room, and that I heard a door oroak, bnt, feeling angry with .myself for being ao impressed by what muat huvo boen a dream, I took.the matohes from the right aland; auruek one, and 'lit tho ready: wix light. At aooa as It fairly, threw Its iUnmlua. tlon roaud the chamber I aa foot ol the bed the bedding and mattroaies : removed by L'ntoa from the' bedstead I lay ! upon. , ,1 .was very angry, for I folt considerably shaksu by the ,sndden ,'stsirt' I had been awakened. with, andl took, advantage oi my man's arrangement of the bsU-ropa to pall it lustily. Llntoti made his 'appearance .so' quickly that it was evident he had not retired, end ho presented himself ;wito a frighlenod- Ioohing faoe that still farther aggravated ms. . : " What Is the matter/air? - Oh I" -and ha atarod at the bedding on the floor in euoh undisguised astonlshm'ont that I could have' struokhim. "Tho matter?'1 -Youfleo It will onongh. How dare yorf, sir— how dare you arrange that bedding so .oarolessly In the oloaetf-that it mnat oomo tumbling ont in lho dead of right'?, -At myitlme-of'.uie; it might bo of very .rations aoneequenoe. to ms to be awakened by. a ehookiike thlB." "I bsgyonr pardon; sir ; Ipaokod tbo heap up with my own'hands, and it Boomed to me an imposslblUly for it to tumble down." " There's your , impossiblltiy I" I said, pointihgtb ths annoying matter.' "Take it out of tbis, to the ipasBags, the yard, any where, so that I am ensured from a repetition of tbta annoyance." '"But the olosst door is shut; sir. Havo 'you been up?" - No, I bad niof boon up ; yot there waB tbq closet door olosed to a csrtainty. .. "Bah I it has a tsudenoy to oIoho lleoll like many other doors," I rsmukod. "Gat that rubbish ont and take' yourself off; Linton." \- Tho man ptisid ronnd to take np some of the blankets, oto, for removal, and, all at onoe; I saw him stop1 and' drodp the o radio ho' sarrlad In his hnnd toward tbo floor. "Ton havoh't boou ont of bed, sir," be said, looking at me with a pnzzledand ratUsr frightened expression—" yon haven't noticed the carpet?',' ".Tho carpet ?" "Iloanedovor the hod'to soo what was' the matter with the >oarpst,;and was more than- astonlshod; for the floor was bare whore tho stains, word and too sarpot flnng baok, jost. as I had observed it to' be on my first visit -to the room. I know it sontd not havo been so Whon 1 hod retired/' 'as I ontorod the bod from tbo sarpotod spot whoro Mr. Montford's blood had been spillod. ' : " There's somo trlokery'.golng; on hero," I> deolaxod, " and that old wCmnris . id it. Take out that heap ol rdbbieh, and, whon yon have done so, I wilt look toe.docrjbsbind you 1" "' ' ! . : ; ' : I could porooivo :from. Linton's manner that bo was for from boing at oass. and. oast fnrtlvo looko tonord tbo olosst aa bd paasod' it. Ho' did not, Uowovor, ollck to pponior Bsarob it, bnt, when, he had onoe 'mors rotirod, I rose, looked tho door. o/nd'oponed tkrt of Iho olCset, whioh -had no/look, bnt simply a latob, lifted by -rfloans: of, a brass" handle - on Iho outside. - It y/an nbb oven -latobsd, and, thongh hung round - with olothss, oonld by no means have afforded, concealmsnt ' to . a ; heman') bring. Agalb I returned to bad, having oasuredly I letch ad; thd door of the alarat I had blosoly examined, and . drawn up too .bUnd, kgaloat which tho moonlit shadows of . tvy ; leavss wore fliokerlng as ths soft- brossa moved them to and fro. ; It wait somo' lime 'no I slept again. ; $o splto'of my reason I fait - somowhaf nervou" and ill at saae. X forgot to gay that Ijldto'n had re-spread ths carpet oyer tha unholy atalnv, ahd It wts tho foot o| , tosioaipbl being' removed that pnszlod.mo moat. Bpt at bub with the loll dalermlnatlonof throw, lug. soma' light. on the myatoiy.by nifuti roarch on the morrow, I dropf od ofl, ausbp \- onoomore. ,' ... It mmt hays been,; Instinct that awoke mC next, for, as I suddenly ' oponed ' ray' oyos, not a sound foil upon my ears. With an nnaoknowledged dtallko to. turn, -my , bask toward the sldo : from wblsh toe sarpot bqd boon tc wysttilcwly wwaved, I hnq fallen aaloap wlth my face toward' lt and toward tho-whldoir. 1 saw tbo shadows of tho ivy leaves, and the moon's rays , itreaming between them, and, aa I mora fully aronasd mysblf, I besamo consolooa of a dark object lower. down, and botwoon me and the lower part ot the window— some being u _in the room with mo I , I did not move. I watched It io closely that, evoa In. the darkness below the window, L .began to tanoy I oonld . trace too outlined had of a kn'bling . human' form. . Tho bowed head, that alone rose to liaiervbns botwosa mo and the bilghtneu of tKo mooa- lit window, soemod to osoilbtq slowly to and fro, and a something bright oortalnlr gleamed In what appeared to bs olaeped hands over whioh long volhndnons 'alooros drapai lUem- selyea darkly. So near loomed that flgnro to me that, reaching out my. hud, 1 could havo tonohod it, yet, coward thai I was after all, I dared not stretoh It ont. Oho movsmonl I made. Ie was. to aeisa th« 'matches for ths purpose of striking a Ugh-. As T did so; and the growing blast grow, flickered, and oanght the wlok of tho wax llgbt, I eagerly looked toward the window. Thorn waa nothing then— not tbo ahadow of a ahadow, bnt tha carpet waa again thrown back from the stains ot blood. I slept no mora that night, aad was rojoieoa to aea tho daylight appear after tho longest boots of darkness I had over ex perienced. While yet !n ths alleaco and depth of night I had to own to myself that I experienced a sort of unaoooantabls awn at the apparently unearthly visitations' I had expetlenood; bat as tha dsybexma broke sunnily Into too weird room I began to fraey I mart havo dreamed of that kneeling form, or ploinrod it to mysell by tho.fcros ol aa exeltod Imagination. It required only ths light of ths disarranged carpet to asanro . mo that soma kind of unknown power had really bean at work fa the looked room. I rang ths boll, rare and unlocked the door to oduut Linton, whoas very first look was one of horror at tot again disturbed oarprt ; knowing I should require hi assist anoo to ths thorough oxsmlnattoa I Iniondol m thing, I told bio my experiences of tho right while I eras droning. " Wo am the subjects ot oomo trick, the objsot of wbleh Is to ksep us out of this room," I eonoluded. "Tho trlok I am bent upon dticoverlog for ths purporo of puniih ing Its author. Tho objo;t, I dsmay, will bo fonnd out olroi but I am certain that old woman hat umothlng to do with both." First learned every article of attire to bo turood out of- ths eforot, and made a clow ooarob of It for some surreptitious means ot entrance, bnt 1 oould find none. Tban, wbtlo L'ntoa wen disposing of tho late Mr. Moatford's garments, over hsdgto and f enoee, for |hs purpose of being thoroughly altsd, I wont to old Mrs. Tone's cottsgo, Intending , plainly to aocnis her of having annoyed me' during the right, bat I wee fated to bo die-, appointed at every stop. Tha cottage was looked np and silent, and tho very key had disappeared from tho key-holo. . . . " Someone thors moot bo residing in the neighbourhood who is acquainted with tha olroumataneos of Mr. Montford's death," I said to my man, after breakfast. . 'II shall . ride over to the township and soo If I can/ not find ont the medloalman who aitsnded him -at, his death, ...... '/That will be uaalets, sirp' Linton re. riled.'; "I, have, boon inquiring of Mr; ff'Lsod, ; the - manager, and - ho . aays. .the doctor- hero is a - now man, .oomo sluoo ho.dld himaoUpWhioh was oplywheo Colonel Ardwoll bought the property. Do you think, sir,, 'hat lt:wonH„be anvgeo.l to ooq iiro of tho.Cithollo eWrgymrii ?. , Tnoy oiy Iha.dead gentleman n a vary. otriot'R rrnan Oatholln, and'ao isMn.F orl," .. "It oan, at toast, do no hiria to /try end gat seme advlo: in tho.all'lr," I said ; " but you imay bo, sure tf the clergyman knows anything he has boon bound . fo.aacresy,. or more- ot. the affjr would be known in too neighbourhood. . Howaver, X shell oall . on the olergymsn." : And in an hour I had -ridden from Bnn--( garra, leaving Llotoa', atrlot orders to: keep the myeterlous chamber oloss fastened, until, my retarn. \ .- .: ; Iwio forlnncto in finding Father (LCrnnor at' home— and an Intelligent and friendly man-of- tbe-worid. Ho llatenedXo my rota tion of my troubles a nd-mystorlis with ,a faoe that grew, mors and. mora ; oetloue aa !I hrooseded.i ' When I rohted, tho faot ot Mrs.'. FoneV dioapporranbe ho rose puddenly;and with BOmo exeltemont.- . . "I must.roturu to Bungstra wltb.you, sir, '.'ha aaldi "You are qnlto right lU;iujr-. poslog that I know much of' too facta of Mr. dontlord'a murder that, are unknown to ths polios; these faota wore conHdel to . ms under seid of confession— a Boal whloh dyat h must eoon brealt If It has not: already dono so. : Exouso ms:wblle I order.my horse.". Wo rstnmed togethor to the utation, and nearly in - Bllenob/ as tho prloat eeemed anxionely brooding/undiahaetoto . rqach. oar destination.' ;Aa eonn aa ws dismounted in the ocnrt, he .walked, etralghl to Mis.; Tono'B door, and knoeksd and 'sailed .loudly, "Mary I Mary Tone I . open, ,11 is I; Father 1 O'Connor;", but : thera , was nellhor reply or sonnd, andywlthont dorther parley,; being; z tall, poworinl man,, he , pnt hie ehonldor ito lbs door andbnral It open. . , ' ' ; ' ' There wae no ons in the iiitlo .room,.atid no sign of lafo'hablration. ,, As tho priest was abont to entor;the baak'apartment. he tnrned td mo and eaid, hnrrlodtyi ; / v ' ' M " Oblige mo by going, to Mr; Monlford'e room, eir, I will' join yon tooro shortly; >. and explain all this,'.' and ho disappeared, olosing Ihe door behiod him, - , ' l, i Tlieso 'extraordinary proocodings oor' thinly require Bome explanation,' ;I'obeervid, with aome anncyaheo/ to Linton, 'whd) wbb Btendlog al iBbbdoor, Bnt open. Ihe door and let 1 na await hla ruverouoo' sb ho lias indicated.'" ,- \- The hannteu room being, n« I havo boforo Bold; the. laot of the wing ngoinet tho hill; it waC bnl n few steps from Mrs. Tone's plaoo, yet to gain it we bad to go round by the portion and oo along the halt to it, . . Linton plaood ton koy ia too door, .tarned . it in . tho look; add drew baqk to allow me; to : ontorj I .did until I had 'PBBsed tho threshold, irad toon, with'en oxolomatioa.half ol font and half of amase&rput;, I etood elill for a moment toxoaliso too awfol plotnre bofore my .eyes.. , 'wft-the bars floor, by the badBlde, for the roploood - carpet had again; been drawn baek, a-flgure In a long, dark, pud ooareo garment waa . lying still . and motionless.. The flgnro waa tbat . of a man,: and too portion of the counteopocounjtldoeu by tho tragled gvey board was ghastly whits and omaolated to extremity. The sunken eyes were upon partially/ and tho'thiq-.hpndB' oletped' to the scarcely heaving breast' d elisor craoidx. From the petition In wh'bh toe body lpy lt; ryoald room co ff the msn; bad tolipn oyer ; from hi hn«es, iuid: jl tv«B ,bql top evident thqt bcwas-dylng— >ven in thgti fioment of priori? aurprliodt fluhed upon me .that I .was looking .upon; ' the murderer of Mr. Montford i ' At tola moment, 'to my orealsr rarprlae,' .Father O'Connor.' entered too rocmby.tko doprot the oloset,bna,knoe\lng by thedylng mani'iaUod big head pniilc knee; Evidently' he i viae recpghliod,, for : 'a; sad, Cmlla ' puted oyor his lips ob ho weakly murmurecl, ' ' It Is jnit, Father, I dlo on too ' eppt where T took life," and his head fol) oyer apd raited., a dead ohook on .the dark stain ol the bleed f . . . \ : ' . I cannot 'ovsn yet recall without pain th-, fsellogi I experienced . dating the , nsxt ' fo v 'hoars at my new- purchase. The clergyman bad found Mrs/ Tone In n dying itato In toe cellar, that had served ae her son't vclna'ary hiding plao'e from tbo world since the murder of hor . master. It was impossible, aadfrn: politlo .to attempt further coneSalment; and a magisterial Inquiry held on the bodist bronght to. light moat of thi particulars related t<> me prlvafely by Father O'Connor. ' "John Tone had ; always been a wild character," he (aid, "aad the tamo lifo St Bnngarra' did not suit him, so he made np ius mind to rob hls maeter of ths1 gold ho knew wgs'kept In (' email vault oommanl- ostlng with Mir. Montford's room by A well- aonosaled spring iloor lii'ths dloset. Ho- did not osloalnio on lrio mastoFa waking and recognising him, however, and >n hii terror of disoovory hud punishment stabbed him to tho death, as he hoped. Ha did not imme diately die, however, and the mother's pleadings forhor sou's Ills aelsdao npoulha dying gentleman 'bit he . helped to oonoeal tha crime, entrniting tbs tralb, to none bnt ms. I felt ten rsaponsibillty in keeping tho (eeret as the wretched man was so ovsroooo with npsntanos and zemores aa .to bo no- wilflng to look- in the lass of day and haf spsnt those years in psnanoes, ana prayers and fasting tbat would hsvs worn, onl a stronger frame than his. It was his1 prae- lloo to pray nightly on the spot bo had spilled blood— nis , orime was great,' his stonomani waa heavy—may Qad nst his i'jnt." 1 havo epoot many happy days at Ban- gem alnco these events. My only and widowed- sister has joined ma lrCra homo, and her . happy ohildtsu uako the flcu old hours gay with. lively voices. The tvy on Iho atone walls is green and olMteriug, too rosea on >hu, potob, blushing and awool- soontoil. Tho fonoiaiu plaja and spatklcs its diamond spray iu lhu ann, and there arn no ghoato hanntlng tho long halls, yet, I tsuat oonteaa to Ino weakossa of having razed. Mra- Tonc'n oottogu to too ground and re- oloiad Mr. Montford's room. 