HOLLYGROVE HOUSE. A M\\-sterv. — .In Four Cuapteiis. (From All the Year Round.) ChaPTEB I (CoNTlNCIiU.) ' Veiy praispworthy,' 1 said, a carious thickening of the breath com ing upon me. What a brave girl she was ! ' Bwt I trust you will not bo permitted to carry out your intention — you are safe here.' 'Ob. but I should be perfectly safe there too,' she said earnestly. ' You see, I know the people ; I am not afraid of them, ouly for papa and tho boys. For myself, 1 have not the shadow of fear — not one of them would touch me.' ' You are very brave.' ' No ; I am a dreadful coward,' she laughed. ' Are you ? I should never have, thought it. Do tell me what you arc afraid of!' ' Oh, many things — spiders, rats and mice, crawly things, caterpillars.', I do not know what tempted me to ask the question. Afterwards 1 was sorry enough for it. ' I)o you include ghosts in your list of tewors, Miss Maguire ?' She shook her head. ' 1 don't know- — 1 never saw one.' ' Should you be afraid of seeing one.' ' I am not sure,' she answered. ' It would be a new experience V ' You are found of new experiences V ' Sometimes,' she said, gathering rest of the. company came sweeping in to the room. '? And yet,' I said, bending towards her as she rose — .and yet the old are better sometimes.' She looked into my face, a swift questioning glance, and turned away. ' Bertie,' cried Mrs. Severn, ' for this night only we'll go to dinner in state. Give me your arm Sir Albert Bedfern ; Mr. Severn, take Miss Hed fern ; Major Tottenham, will you bring Miss Maguire in to dinner V I obeyed her gladly, and we trooped across the warm, bright hall to the diningroom. Everything was in capital order — the new cook was a first-rate one ; the wines were good ; the company pleasant. We were as happy a set of mortals as you could wish to find. We had a little music in the evening. Etty played well, and sang sweetly. Kathleen sang, but did not play ; while Eedfern was an enthusiast about music. We made quite a small concert in one end of the room, Cissy, Bedferu, and Tcuipler doing audience, but I don't think they heard very much of the singing and playing. It was lateish when we separated — nearly twelve o'clock — and, as the last petticoat vanished up the stairs, Severn roused the huge hall lire into a roaring blaze. ' Now we shall make ourselves snug, boys,' he cried. ' Smoking-caps and dressing-gowns are to be the order of the night.' We were not long in equipping our selves as he bade, and soon fragrant clouds were circling around us. We heard soft voices murmuring in the K&Uerv;, and a low, musical laugh vnade us all look up to see a bright face peeping at us over the balustrade. ' All witches,' cried Severn. ' Etty, send those naughty girls to bed. We want to chat.' ' Don't reveal secrets, if you take my advice,' Etty's silvery voice called out of the shadow. 'Cissy aud Kit have only to leave their doors open.' Her voice died away in a smothered peal of laughter. We heard doors close, and then we knew that we might chat away as freely as we liked. We had many tilings to talk about. Redfern's horses were coining over next day ; not that there appeared to be much chance of a thaw ; but, all the same, one never can count upon any thing certain with regard to weather in this variable climate. There were wood cocks to be shot, if the frost continued, and Severn had discovered a capital sheet of ice in some corner of his meadows. ' I say, Tina, Cissy is dying to learn how to do the ' outside edge ;' you can give her a lesson after breakfast,' Severn said, laughingly, and Templer reddened to the tips of his ears. ' We'll all go down to the pond ? Hallo ! here they are again.' We heard a door open, and yet the sound it made was not like that of the smooth gliding hinges of the doors overhead. This was a harsh, grating noise as if a rusty lock was roughly turned and a heavy door flung open with a sudden jar ; at the Bame moment, a dauip icy air swept dowu upon us, and the same disgusting charnel-house odour that had so startled me in my room caine upon us with a rush. I felt the curious sense of an awful presence take possession of me, and looking awe-stricken into the faces of the three strong, brave young men who sat witJi me, I saw by their expression that they shared my feel lugs. \jusuriia sprang up. ' Those owls of -work men have been tampering with tbe drains,' be said. ' They have opened the door leading to the leads aud forgotten to close it up. Gome, Bertie, we'll fasten it up.' We looked at each other, and with one consent we all went with Charlie up the broad stairs, through a small door opening off the gallery, up a flight of stairs to the doer which opened upon the roof. It was shut, and strongly secured. 'Thatfs v«ry odd,' said Charlie, as 'we stood looking from the closely barred door into each other's puzzled faces. ' I could have Eworn I heard tliis door opened.' ' And so could I,' Baid Templer. ' The cold air seemed to come down on us from it' ' Yes,' Eedfern added ; ' it was just the noise it would have made if those rusty locks had been opened suddenly.' ' Well, no one seems to have been near it,' Charlie said in a toae of great annoyance. ' I'll have it seen to to morrow, if possible, aud I will speak to Kent in the morning. I suppose the servants think they can play lavks on us because we are .such young housr kpepers, but I'll teach tlmm the reverse.' I did not think Charlie's handsome fate could express so much anger or decision as it did at this moment. ' 1 won't, have her worried at auy rate,' he said, as he returned to the hall. 'So lads, a final smoke and bed.' I never could explain satisfactorily to myself or to anyone else the curious sensation oi vague apprehension which was upon me, and which inexplicable feeling 1 saw reflected in the faces of my friends. OuraUemptsatconversation fell very flat after what had occurred. We were all thinking of it, and yet by common consent we tried to talk about other things, as we relighted our pipes aud lounged about the hall. The unpleasant smell was gone, only a curious chill remained in the air. 'How biterly cold it. is to-night,' Templer said ; ' no chance of a thaw.' We agreed with him, and then, as the hall clock si ruck one, we went up stairs, lingering in the gallery until Charlie extinguished the lamps. 'Good-night and sound sl.ep to you, boys,' he said, as we separated at the door of the passage leading to his wife's room. 'You needn't say anything about (hat noise, or the drains, to auy of the girls.' 1 raidily promised, so did Templer; Rcdfo.rn gave an oppressive nod, and so we went to our rooms. Although nothing further occurred, I did not pass a. very tranquil iii^ht. Once or twice I started from my .sleep with the same vague horror upon nip that 1 had felt in the evening, although iu a much loss degree, and 1 acknow ledge I felt glad and relieved when 1 heard doors open, feet moving, mops and brooms in motion, and knew that it was morning, and the house astir. CnAPTKB II. We were lively enough at breakfast, although the snow lay thickly outside, and the sun struggled feebly through a cold grey mist. Indoors all was warm and bright, and we were a pleasant company. After breakfast, we went down to thfi ice, and there we enjoyed ourselves — really and truly enjoyed the exercise, the clearing air, the bright young girls we were guiding over the dark face of the frozen mere. It was a pleasant morning. After luncheon, Severn met me in the front hall, a puzzled look on his handsome face. ' See here, Tottenham. I've been talking to Kent about that row last night. He says the servants were all in bed bv eleven, and that he himself turned in as tho clock was striking twelve.' Then, drawing me into tho porch, lie continued : ' I cannot but think there was a trick of some sort played upon us. I certainly heard that door open.' 'So did I.' ' Well, here's an odd t.liin' : The workmen left this part of the house yesterday at three, so the foreman tells me, yet I certainly saw one of them in there when I was going down to the station nt four.' He pointed to the library window. 'That might be easily accounted for,' I said, feelins; a kind of light break upon me. ' Suppose some one of the fellows is an ill-disposed hound, or inclined to rob your wife's jewel box, he might easily remain cnnci^alpd when the others had gnno away, and creep about the house until he fount! what he sought.' 'Kent tells me the moii now at work here are all natives of the placo, ?with the exception of the foreman, who is from Gilder's, in London,' Charley said. ' Well, you may rely upon it some thing will turn up which will explain the whole affair,' 1 said. ' After all, a gust of wind might have blown down some of the loose boards lying about here, and kicked up no end of a row.' ' What miscliip.f ave you two plott ing?' a silvery voice broke in upon us. ' Major Tottenham, you must not try to lead my husband back into his wicked bachelor ways. You are a dangerous man aud not to he trusted.' ' I am sorry you have such a bad opinion of mo, Mrs. Severn,' I said, turning round with a laugh. ' You used to think better of me once upon a time.' ' Ah ! that wns when I wus young and foolish,' she replied gaily. ' Re member, I am an old married woman now.' ' An old married woman of a month's standing,' Charlie remarked. ' How very sober we have grown.' ' I am learning how to keep you in order, at any rate, Master Charles,' she said j ' and I do not want you to go back into those naughty habits you used to indulge in in olden days.' ' Don't you pity me, Tott?' he said, turning a piteous face upon me. 'Poor henpecked mortal ! Let iny fate be a warning to you.' 'Pity youf No indeed; I envy you, you lucky dog,' I retorted. 'Wnll, then, follow his example. Go and do likewise,' Etty said, uiean iug'y- ' If I could ; but then I'm afraid I am too late,' I answered. 'Too late?' She looked questioningly in my face. ' Too late V . ' Yes,' I replied ; ' too late. I am a battered old hulk j no one would think of me.' ' I am not sure of that, Major Totten ham.' Charlie walked away. ' Gome and look at the greenhouses,' said his wife. 1 went with her. ' I wish you would make a friend of me,' she said, as we passed through the fine old hedge of closely-trimmed holly which bounded the garden. I have half an idea that I could help you — that is, if you waut to be helped,' she added, casting a scrutinising glance at me I muttered some incoherent nonsense about being highly flattered by her offered friendship and that I hoped as Charlie's wife ? ' Fiddlesticks 1' she cried, stamping her little foot ' It's not as Charlie's ?wife I. want to befriend you, but as Katie's ? ' What she was poing to add I know not, for, just at this moment, wo turnod a corner full upon Kathleen Magurie and Albert Redfcrn lounging along the path together. The young man's arm was lightly laid around the girl's slender form, aud although her face was turned away, thorn was quite enough in the way in which she loitered by her cousin's s-ido to show that the caress was not disagreeable to her. ' Provoking,' Etty murmured. 'Just as I was about to explain.' ' I hardly think an explanation is necessary,' I answered, turning on my heel and stalking out of the garden. It was not until I had time to cool down that I remembered how rude 1 had been to my sweet hostess. I sulked about the place, feeling half inclined to drive oft' to tho station an.l hide my jealous head in my good old mother's comfortable home at Chel tenham. ' And yet,' 1 thought, ' what an idiot I am ! Why, tho girl has never been more than commonly civil to me ; what right have I to be vexed with her because she prefeig another man — a man, moreover, whom she has known all her lifoi' Thuscalling reason back to my aid, I retraced my steps, aud went to the gardens again. Light was failing fast by this time, for it was after four o'clock, nnd the tall hedge, overshadowed by great si) ver-pine trees, wade the old garden gloomier than it ought to have been, even with tho darkness of a winter evening gathering upon it. 1 hurried along the path to the greenhouses, but no one was to bo seen, ami turned into the nearest nm-, hoping to liml someone there. Only a smartlooking lad wns fastening up the door* as I passed through. ICviilfintly they had all gone elsewhere ; perhaps back to the house. 1 lighted a cigarette, ami strolled out of the garden along the hedgerow and back to the porch. As 1 ciimc to the door, I met half-a-dozen workmen com ing round a corner of tho house. They touched their caps to me as they wont by, and it occurred to me that then.' was not !in ill-looking or untrustworthy face amongst tlieni. .1 looked after them and counted them. There were seven in all. ] lounged into the porch, for a liglit sprinkling of snow was beginning to fall, and I folt certain my good little hostess would not mind my cs.irar. There, were half-a-dozen big china attuir.s scattered through the porch — tilings like barrels, blue, red, and green — - which I knew were meant for seats, so 1 perched myself on one of them, and smoked myself into a comparatively serene frame of mind. 1 was Kitting thus, gradually getting back into my normal condition, when something attracted my attention — some feeling of a person coming down the passage from the hall. 1 cannot say that I heard any sound ; only I fv.lt that someone was at hand. 1 looked up at the entrance-liall and saw a man walk out of the library, pause a moment as if to listen, then move swiftly and silently up towards the lisi!!. I saw that it was not Severn, neither as far as I could make out iu tho twilight, did tho figure wear a workman's dress. 1 know not what impulse came upon me. A thouylit that this was the person whose noctur nal ram Wings had disturbed us last night, and a fear for Mrs. Severn's we.ll-filled jewel-ease., impelled nifi to jump up and follow the man. When I reached the hall, Kent and his sub ordinate were lighting the lamps ami snUiii!» out the tea-table. ' Who was it that came, in just before me, Kent V 1 asked. The man — I had known him for many years — looked at me in surprise. 'No on«, Major Tottenham,' he said. ' Yes, someone came out. of the library, and walked in here, by that door, a moment ago. ' I saw no one, sir; did you, Paul f The young footman shook his head. 'No .sir; I've been here for some little time, and I saw no one, sir,' he said. ' This is very odd,' I said, a sudden flash of thought coiniug upon me. These two men might be in a league with a third. Etty must watch her jewels. And yet Kent had grown to manhood at Beckley Chase, Sir Oliver Severn's place, Charlie's home, and he had been six years in Severn's service. Paul I knew nothing of. Might not this lurking figure be a confederate of tho smart-looking young fellow who stood facing me looking so innocently into my eyes ? ' I tell you I saw a man walk up the passage and come in here,' I said decidedly. 'I could not be mistaken.' ' Well, sir, I did not see him,' Kent replied, ' and I don't think he could well have come in without, but I'll not be positive. Perhaps he went upstairs, sir.' True ; from the position of the stairs he might have crept up tlieiu un observed while the men were busy about the fire. ' We had better see,' I said ; and followed by the two men, I ran up th* wide staircase. Etty was coming along the gallery, her traijing gown making a soft rustle as she moved. She seemed apprised to see me with tbe two men at my heels. ' Any thiug wrong ?' she said, look ing questiouingly at me. ' No — no,' I said ; ' onlv — whore's Charlie ?' 'Charlie? Really I do not know. He went with Bertie to the stables — the horses came at 3 o'clock. I don't know where he went afterwards.' ' Never mind ; it's of no ennse cjuence,' I stammered out. ' I'll see him when he comes in.' The servants went out, and, passing along the gallery, vanished somewhere or other. Etty and I remaiued alone. ' Major Tottenham,' she said, with an anxious uplifting of the brow which was habitual to her, 'you may con sider yourself a fairly good actor, but you can't deceive me. There is some thing wrong.' (To be continued.) 