? STOCK AXD SJIAIIE INVESTMENT COMPANY —The brokers inform us that 20.750 shares had been anpplied for in this Com'pauy up to noon to-c'ay. THE WHEAT HARVEST.—Our telegraphic columns contain the information that wheat has thus eaily in the season been reaped at Hawker, and that the yield is fairly satisfactory. For delivery on or before November 14 wheat has been sold there at 4s. lid. per busheL| ELECTION FOR FLINDERS. — Mr. T. a. Masey was announced to address the electors at Wilmington on Thursday; but through the small attendance the speech was postponed. The farmers being busy harvesting are unwilling to susuend operations. Tlie townspeople appear to be little interested in the candidates. VOLUNTEER ITE3IS.— Members of the It 1 are '^? required to parade at the fetatt Office on November 9, at 10 a.m. Captain A. T.. Harrold is ts* ha i„ f.^ Adelaide Rifles. The resignation of Lieutenant A. W. Rogers, Adelaide Rifles, has been accepted. Men belonging to the Reserve who absent themselves from parade on November 9 without valid excuse will uot be allowed to retain their rifles. The Reserve will be under the command of Captain France on that day. Private H. Smith, K Company, is appointed Lance- CorporaL In accordance with the " general idea" previously issued the field day on the 9th November will be arranged as follows:—The attacking force will consist of two guns A Battery, B Battery, the 1st Battalion Adelaide Rifles, the Reserve, and the Rifle Volunteer Force. The defending force—representing the advance-guard from the main body—will be composed of the Mounted Rifles, four guns A Battery, the Permanent Artillery, and 2nd Battalbn Adelaide Rifles. Each man and gun will be furnished with fifty rounds of blank ammunition. The parade will be at 10 a.m., at the Staff Office. No offensive movement is to be made before 2.45 p.m. Every man is to carry his own rations, and commanding officers are enjoined to give strict orders that no one under their command is to break the ranks to enter a public-house or procure other refreshment than what he carries. Great care must be taken by the officers to prevent any men entering gardeus or standing crops, to prevent the breaking down of fences, to see that all gates are closed, and to take every precaution that dry grass is not set on fire. No man of the attacking force is to be allow ed to cross to the eastward of the Naime Railway where it runs along the edge cf the West Park Lands. Officers &houid; be very caieful not to remain in positions that would lie untenable iu actual warfare, auu each oSiicer aivl man should strive to realize the actual state of aiiairs wherever he may find himself. Every attention must be paid" to the fire discipline, so as to prevent a useless waste of ammunition. The signals on page 92 of the Field Exercise-book should be used wherever required. The Commandant, while taking the superintendence of the general plan of operations, and acting as umpire-m- chief, will leave the carrying out of the details to the officers commanding battalions. All officers on the Commandant's staff are requested to wear a white ribbon round the left arm above the elbow; this will be a mark of their neutral position. "How are you getting along," asked a widow of her late husband, who appeared to her at midnight as a ghost. Ghost—"Very well indeed; much better than during my tweuty years of married life on earth. Widow (delishtediy)—" Then you are in heaven?' Ghost—"Oh! no." There was an old man who said: " I Am inventing an ironclad pie. To be sold in each depot. At a rate very cheap, Oh ! I shall really be rich by-and-by." A new nursemaid had been engaged for the family Jrf John Leech. On her appearing in the nursery, she was thus addressed by Master Leech— "Nurse, papa, says I am one of those children that can only be managed by kindness, and Til trouble yon to fetch some sponge cakes and orance3 at once.* 