CHEIST AND NATURE. C HRIST^ in His outward life, did not shun houses made with hands. He often taught in the temple, in synagogues, and in private dwellings, but He was, par excellence, an open-air preacher, and all the most important events in His history took place in the sancioaries of Nature rather than in those of man. It is this intimate association of the presence of Jesus, not with the transient institutions of the country, but with its everlasting physical forms which makes Palestine still a sacred land to the Christian traveller. The temple is gone; there are disputes as to the very sites of cities which He rendered famous by His ministry; but there, to this day, is the brook which He crossed to reach the Garden of Gethsemane; there is the mountains from whose base He started to get to Bethany ; there is the rocky road leading down to the valley of the Jorden, the rushing Jordan, where the heavens were opened to Him ; the inland sea on which He so often looked in sunshine and storm - there, resting still in their quite beauty, are the mountains amid whose solitude He spent whole nights in prayer ; and there, still remaining in the vale of Syehar, is the ancient well on which He sat and begged from a stranger a drink of water. Why was this so ? Perhaps to avoid the superstitions which would cluster about the buildings made sacred by His ministiy; perhaps He designedly left the freshest traces of His footsteps in the country whose landmarks are eternal ; perhaps because He, the pure and holy one, naturally loved the semes of nature. In any case, it is certainly true that, while the sayings and doings of Christ have faded utterly out of the language and traditions of the people of Palestine, and time and misfortune have swept away the towns where He did most of His mighty works, the hills and valleys of that region and its lakes and rivers are yet fragrant with the memories of His ministry. Still more interesting is the place Nature holds in the words of our Lord. Never did preacher turn to such account the mine of meaning we know has always lain in Nature. How very precious is the glimpse we have of His association of the beauty of Nature as be calls us to consider the lilies. With some this sense of the beautiful leads the mind away from God, but with Christ it led only to a closer alliance. That divorce of Nature trom God which has so often been attempted in poetry, philosophy and science, in sheer unbelief and impiety receives no countenance in the Gospels. Nothing could be more striking than Christ's recognition of a real, universal Divine presence in the material world. Not only in the gracely palm and stately cedar, but in what was lowliest, the grass of the field, He traced the care and handiwork of God. And so with the lewer orders of animal life. Who cares how the ravens got their food? Who keeps a record of how many sparrows the husbandman kills in a single year ? These birds sing no songs, and the raven was unclean, but even they own His Father's care. To one with such thoughts continually in His heart, how near would God always seem and how real and loving would be His government! But the natural world was more than this to Christ. It was to Him a grand symbol, setting forth and illustrating Divine truth Nature was to Christ not a mere storehouse of imagery, but a Divine book in which there was a real fixed sense. No one, of course, could have taught us that sense authoritatively but Himself. Now, however, we may speak with greater confidence, and say that all things around us are symbols or emblems intended to bring us hourly face to face with our God and Redeemer. Behind the sun which daily shines on our path we are to see the true Light, behind the bread by which our being is sustained the true Bread, and we are to recognize in the universal and beneficent agency of the air and the water the natural emblems of the Holy Ghost. We hardly need call attention to the use. He made of Nature in His preaching, how minutely He watched all the processes of agriculture, how His parables and discourses abound with allasions to the material world. Nor need we write of the use He made of these objects in teaching truth. It is enough to note how intimate were our Lord's relations to the material world, and how reasonably it may be said that besides the book of Revelation which we have in the Bible, we may have another in Nature, and that all we see around us on the face of God's creation is eager to teach and speak to us, if we had only the faculty and the patience to interpret its meaning. And do not these facts give the highest possible sanction to a kind of enjoyment which the most refined minds have entered into most heartily, but which an unreasonable fanaticism has sometimes scowled upon, as if in it there was something positivel y heathenish —the enjoyment derived from the contemplation of natural scenery ? Let us remember our Savionr loved the works of God, and so may we. He used them for high and holy purposes, leaving us here also an example that we should follow in His steps. And the words aDd works of Jesus put into our bands a key, by which means we may unlock many chambers in the store-house of Mature. If th«3 mind that was in Christ be also in us, we shall be ever conscious of our Father's all surrounding care, we too shall see His majesty and His love in even the least of Hie handiworks, and shall rejoice in the showing fourth of His glory. But there are those in our days, and we are sorry to say they are legion, who break the Sabbath and torsake the house of God, under the pretence that, though they turn tbeir backs on the Bible, they may find the God of Nature in the fields. We read a great deal of impious nonsense in our papers at every recurring summer season concerning the religious influence and devotional tendencies of ^meditations in the woods and by the sea, justifying those who in their devotion to Nature or pleasure forsake the sanctuary and break God's commands. Never was a greater delusion. The Bible alone is the key to Nature. Nature reveals her meaning to those only who understand the language to revelation and in whose hearts the words of Christ dwell 1 richly in all wisdom. The God of Nature is none other than He who hung upon the accursed tree. All things were made by Him and for Him, And while all may confidently expect to find Him amid the works of His hand, to seek Him first as their Saviour, their Teacher, and their Lord, it i6 vain to hope that those will ever be led from Nature up to Nature's God who fail to see that a far more glorious object than any mouutain snmrnit or rolling surf is the painful Cros9 on which that very God of Nature made atonement tor the sins of the world. It is only through Christ that we come to the knowledge or the love of God either in His word or His works. 