ORIGiNAL POETRY. Memories. . Vdces arc sounding la mj cars, cad lights around mo gleam: And yet all recms to me to be a strange, anrcal dream. A ttailo ni sit me anou within this silent, loue retreat. uoyona 1 tuo crushing rausto s tono— tuo sound 01 . echoing feet. "What long- forgotten dreams of old, once known and cherished well, 1 Revive beneath the 'potent sway of mem'ry's mystlo Delurivo dreams, onco seemingly such bright and real things, Bat shadowy, dim, and indistinct, flit by on airy wings. They come, the phantoms of the past ; they fill tho silent air ; Dead hopes and fruitless wishes, aud longings rain, are there. And as before ray vision they In shadowy outline rise. Some plan or hope of bygone days in each X recognise. And many a tender memory of those 1 lored of yore, for dco|i within my heart shall dwell their friendship Friendship! the highest, holiest boon sent down from Henvea above, To bind our hearts with fervent power in bands of earthly love. And memories of childish days, so full of bright sun shlno; For much of happlucss and joy and gladness has been mine. And even now they thrill my soul with now and strange delight, As ono by one they pas3 once more before my wonder ing sight. And wasted opiiortunlties— a vast, unnumbered boat— Mm up, and each nppcont to uio like a reproachful ghost; And hasty words of wrath and pride, forgotten soon as said, That may be filled some shrinking heart with bitter ucss and dread. Thcycotuo, thoypass, in swift army, thro memory's mystic hall, Those haunting spirit of the p.vt I uevcr may recall; And' as tho lost one disappears. I waken with a start, But long tho vision will remain engraven on my heart. I'vicw thorn not with vain regret, those years that Ughtly Kissed Across the spriug-tluio of ray life that 6>ed away so fast; 1 seo tho true, the beautiful, tho noble, tho sublime. That lie around my daily path, mid niter not with Timo, And now I turn with steadfast faith— with firm, un daunted will- To trend in Hope tho upward path that Uos before mo still: And gcntlo thought and high resolves, and feelings all dlvlue, Como with sweet power to soothe and guide this weary heart of mine. BLixcnu. Toowootnbn, 1970. 