The Sheriff's Story. AND THE DIFFICULTIES HE ENCOUNTERED IN TELLING IT TO THE BOYS—A HUNTER WHOSE HAIR TURNED WHITE IN A SINGLE NIGHT. "EIGHTY years ago on Christmas eve," said the Sheriff, v Uncle Peleg Underbill's grand father's hair turned as gray as a badger." It was 11 o'clock p.ra. The Crissman House was closed, and the lights were turned out, but some of the boys were lingering by the genial new base- burner stove, Where they had been exchanging experiences during the evening. The stove was radiant. Its beams fell warmly on the form of the dog Caosar on the floor. They lit the jovial face of the county clerk as the early sunbeams illumine the tin rooster on tho hotel barn, and kissed the nose of the sheriff until its reflected light surrounded him with a halo of glory. They glowed on the decanters back of the bar with a soft intensity that emphasized the labels, and they even climbed to the "No Trust" sign, and clothed it with so kindly a gleam that it appeared no longer a stern reality, and carried terror to none—not even the foreman of the printing office, reclining on the coal bof, 'back in the shadows. "Eighty years ago!" mused the sheriff. " E-i-g-h- t-y—y-e-a-r-s—a-g-o ! The poet says, ' Old age comes on apace/ but it seems tome as if he was howling along this way on a gallop. Age may be a crown of glory, but I notice that youth hangs up the most venison." "Well,' psaid the county clerk, "did age pounce down on uncle Peleg Underbill's grand father all in one night and turn him gray? What business had he to be Uncle Peleg's grandfather, or anybody else's grandfather, anyhow, unless he was gray when He started in on the grandfather business?" " But hold on ! Hold on !" said the sheriff. " I haven't told you about it yet. Uncle Pcljeg's grandfather was only 22 years old when—" " Stop!" said the ex-poundmastcr as he got up and began to button his overcoat. •• Stop, sheriff; that'll do ! I've heard you tell about catfish climbing trees and pickerel burrowing through ten-acre lots to get from one pond to another, and have never for a moment doubted your truthfulness. I've told those stories to my children, and when they have pulled down their under eyelids and asked me if I saw any thing green, I've reproached them for the implied doubt, telling them that you had seen those things, and they were consequently true. But, sheriff, in presenting me with a man 22 years old as a grandfather, you are asking too much of me at my time of life. I now begin to doubt even the climbing catfish, and ray faith in the burrowing pickerel is wavering. Sheriff, it is a sad thing when one friend loses confidence in another. Good night, boys. I go home a sadder, but a wiser, man. " Poundraaster," said the sheriff, " I'm touched." And the sheriff pressed his hand to his head. Then, thinking the movement might be misconstrued among the boys, he removed it quickly, and laid it on his chest. " How sharper than a serpent's tooth it is to be called a liar by a man you darsn't hit!" he said bitterly. 'rßutstay. UnclePeleg'sgrand father wasn't his grandfather then. You sec " "But you said he was his grandfather," urged the poundmaster. '' Do you take it back then, and admit you were lying to us?" " You see," said the sheriff, not committing himself. " You sec, he got to be Uncle Pcleg*a grandfather, because he was Uncle Peleg's grandfather finally. Sec?" The poundraaster shook his head sadly, and sat down again. " Then that spoils the wholo story," said the county clerk. " You said Peleg's grandfather's hair turned gray in a single night. Now, that would be something worth listening to. If the old gentleman's hair turned gray all at once, that goes to say that his hair wasn't gray before, unless it was dyed and he lost his hat in n shower. Now, a grandfather without gray hair was just an immense thing to commence a Christmas story with. But it turns out that there wasn't any grandfather at all, and if there was any grandfather, where arc you going to got your gray hair? The next time you intctid to get your fine work in on a grand father story, sheriff, don't try to play a twenty two-year-older off on us for the old man." " Try it the other way, sheriff," suggested the ex- district attorney. "Can't you make it come out right by telling how your grand father's Uncle Pcleg Underbill's hair turned gray in a single night? Mcbbc that'll fix it." " Hut my grandfather didn't have any Uncle Pcleg Underbill," said the sheriff. " I tell you what to do," said the pound master, who dislikes a dispute. "Begin the story, ' Once upon a time,' &c.; It'll straighten out us you go." " Yes," said the district attorney; " and if you could work in a couple of ghosts right near the start, and kill some one in a dark, deep hollow, we'd like it." The foreman of the printing office came out from among the shadows and took a seat in the glow of the base burner. He said it was too cold on the coal box. "But there am Many ghosts in this story," saifl the sheriff, "ami no one pets murcUreil." The foreman of tho printing offlc« went back to the shadows. He said it was too hot by the base burner. "Ihave an impression," continued the sheriff, " that there is the suspicion of an inclination on the part of the circle this evening to infer that I do not intend to lay this story out with the aid of a straight edge. Gentlemen, lam deeply hurt. With what good reason let my witness be a simple statement of the facts in the case of Uncle Peleg's grandfather. Poetic license, my dear poundmaster! Poetic license!" There was a pause. A label on one of the decanters ceased to gleam in the fire light. There was a silvery sound as of a gurgling rill in a meadow. A group of earnest men stood silent in the glow and shadow. Then presently the label blazed forth again in all its wonted vivjdneijs. The silent men sat down. The sheriff broke the stillness. "Of course," said he, " the circumstances I am about to tell didn't happen within my re collection. I got 'em clean cut from uncle—l should say the late Mr. Peleg Underhill. Peleg didn't know them from personal recollection, either, as he hadn't fell heir to any grandfather at that time, and wasn't in that part of the country. Peleg's grandfather's name was Ezekiel Merryweather. At the ace of 22 he was a young man living over on the head waters of the Little Bushkill. " He was a romantic sort of a duck," con tinued the sheriff. "He scorned a life of toil, and chose the easy and luxurious existence that comes of living in a brush cabin and chasing the fleet-footed denizens of the dimlit forest from ridge to ridge, and bringing home their hide and tallow. He was an original Pike County hunter, and was known to clear as high as $50 some years with his gun and traps. Nobody knew where he came from. He liked a drop of the old stuff, and—" " He was from Jersey," said the poundmaater. "He was extremely shy and modest," the sheriff went on. " He wasn't from Jersey," said the county clerk. "He had very black hair, and was tall and wiry, and all the girls in the backwoods were stuck on him. The fellows were jealous be cause he was rolling up wealth so rapidly, and because he cut 'em all out at the stone frolics and husking bees. A family named Jobson had found their way from somewhere or other in Jersey to that part of the country, and settled near the Monroe County border. There was old Jobson and his wife and his daughter Melissa. Jobson had uncovered about an acre of earth on his tract, and built him a house, a barn, a waggon shed, a spring house, an obser vatory 50ft. high, and three miles of four-foot wall with the stone the acre yielded. "According to the late Peleg Undcrhill, Melissa must have been a stunner. She was way up in all the accomplishments of the dis trict, which ranged from twirling a flapjack to picking a panther out of a tree with the old man's flintlock rifle. The pastimes and pleasures of budding Pike County maidenhood in those days were few, and it were great reward for Melissa to get the promise from hor mother that if she would pile so much stone wall while she was resting from pulling turnips she could ' shuck the hide off'n the next wolf that dad fotched in;' or if sho cut and piled a sufficient quantity of stove wood before she went to work hoeing the 'taters, she might hold the pig at the next Christmas killin' while dad stuck it. "It was one day in the fall of 1801 that Btekicl Merryweather first struck the Jobson clearing and met Melissa. She was having a holiday, and was enjoying it in shucking wolves. The wolf crop was good that season, and old Jobson's traps were generally full. Whether it was the way Melissa yanked the peeling off of the wolves, or whether it was her general style that did the business, Ezekiel fell in love with her at sight. She fell in love with him, too, and he got to taking in the Jobson clearing pretty regular on his hunting expeditions. Finally he asked her to marry him, and she said she would. He laid the matter before her old man. "'Wall, scarcely? you can't have M'liss,' said Jobson. *No young squirt of a bush whacker don't tie on to her if her dad knows it, an* her dad's up to things what's goin' on 'round hero pooty gineriy. When MUss goes away from this paster lot it'll be with some gray-haired rooster as knows what to treat her to. She don't splice to nobody but a gray headed man, an' ye mout jest as well bait yer trap in some other swamp, Zok'el.'" <fWcll, now, I'm blamed if I ain't glad to hear a little something about some gray hair." said the county clerk. "I was afraid you'd forgot about that, and was getting two stories mixed." " That was a great blow to the young people," continued the sheriff. "Ezekiel struck into the woodß and Melissa shucked wolves with a heavy heart. By and by Sim Smith, of Pocono, met Melissa. He was on the upper side of 50, gray as a rat, and owned a farm. When he asked old Jobson for Melissa, Jobson said: "' Ye've drawed the proper bead the fust time, Sim. Ye've hit me plumb back o' the fore-shoulder. The gal's your'n.' "Melissa hadn't anything to say in the matter, and the wedding was fixed for Christmas eve. On that night the population of three townships was at Jobson's —sixteen people in all. Old 'Squire Morgan was there to tie the knot. Ezekiel Merryweather was the only absentee. It was a fine moonlight night and cold as Gi'ecnland. The wedding was to come off at 9 o'clock. Every little while tho howl ing of wolves could be heard on all sides of the clearing. That was nothing uncommon, though, and nobody thought anything of it. About 8 o'clock the howling was more than usually loud and prolonged in one direction. "' Wolves is durn hungry to- night,' said the old Jobson. * They're clofiin' in on that deer pooty reg'bir, I reckon.' " The howling came nearer and nearer. " * They're goin' to take that doer plumb through our turnip patch,' said Jobson. Well, let 'era go. We've got other business besides carin for a passel o' ornery wolves to-night; hay, Sim ?' . " Tho wolves como closer and closer. Their snarling could bo heard in tho house. But no one over took tlio trouble to look out of a window. The howling and barking and snarl ing kept on and the sound showed that the wolves were not moving. Melissa went to a window and looked out. 111 Why, dad,' said she, 'Mieni wolves lias treed Miithin' in our spring house. They're thick aroun' it, an' sonic of 'em's goin' down the chimley.' •"Sure enough.' says Jobson, 'they've druv suthin' inter .tho spring house, Martin. Wall, boys, take yer pins. Wo mowt as well go out ami stop this yor noise 'fore wo perceert.' " Tho men took their puns and wont out. A round or two settled business for the wolves outoide, but there was a struggle going on inside the milk house. The door was forced open. By the light of the moon they saw a man, with his back to the wall, fighting four hungry wolves with nothing but his hunting knife. The floor was piled deep with dead wolves. The man was rescued and helped into the house. He was covered with blood, and his clothes were nearly all torn from him. It was Ezckiel Merry weather, but his black hair was as gray as a badger! '"Zek'cl!' said Melissa. "'M'liss!'said Ezekiel. " And they were locked in one another's arms. Then Ezekiel told how he had started to come to the wedding in spite of his feelings; how he was chased by wolves; how he fought them for two miles through the snow, and finally sought refuge in the spring house. The wolves clam bered to the roof and let themselves down the chimney and closed in around him. The terror of the situation had turned his hair white, and he had been rescued just in time. "In the midst of the excitement created by Ezokiel's story, Melissa said: " ' Dad, this yer's the white-haired man I'm coin' to tie to. His* hair's whiter than Sim's, by a powerful sight.' " And old Jobson saw the point. The wedding came off at 9 o'clock, but Ezekiel was the bride groom. The late Pelcg Underhill used to say that he supposed that the Jobson clearing had a little the jolliest Christmas Eve that night that ever was known in this country." The label on the decanter disappeared again. Again the gurgling meadow brook. A group of earnest men pass out into the frosty air. ana the base burner beams alone on Caesar and the decanters behind the bar. The sheriff bad told his Christmas story.— New York Sun. 