LOCAL NEWS. The attention of visitors to Maryborough, and tho public generally, is directed to tho Bales of Property at the Real Property Mart, This Day, at 12 o'clock. Southcrden and ChriBtoe, Auctioneers. — [Advt.] Awbed Ratliff Hanson, of Gympie, store keeper, was on -14th inst. adjudgod insolvent. Tho first meeting of creditors will be held at the offlcc of olUcial trustee, Brisbane, on 31et A social dance took place at tho drill-shed last night, amongst tho Volunteers and their friends. All present socmcd to be spending a very pleasant evening, apparently indifferent to fear o£ bombardment or colonial army reform. Until the arrival of Miss Darling, tho newly appointed lady principal of the Girls' Grammar School, Miss Stevens will remain in charge of tho girls' department, under the supervision of the Head Master, Jas. Murdoch, Esq., M.A. The Grammar School sports, which were to have taken place at the breaking up, but were delayed through the unfavorable weather, will come off next Friday week, 28th July. The programme^, remains unaltered, thoreforo the very liberal inducements to outsiders to\com pcte should meet with an encouraging response from aspiring athletes. A meeting ef the Committee of the Chamber of Commerce, preparatory to tho annual one, was convened yesterday in the Council Cham bers; Although-there was a quorum present it was decided, in. consequehcc of tho importance of the business to be transacted, to adjourn the meeting till 3 o'clock this afternoon, in the hope of securing & full attendance of members. 5 This evening the long expected amateur' con- cert, under the direction of Mr. A. E. Strahan, organist ?'at St. Paul's Anglican 'Churoh, will tako plac^ in the Tojvn JHaU. ..T he 'prqgramni e is very well arranged, .a^d comprises classical selections of yooal and instrumental music, ^faux well 'known amateurs are to bo,iound amongst the list of performers. . Half tho pro ceeds will go for the benefit of the Hospital, and this, together with the reputation enjoyed by Mr. and Mrs. Strahnn, should ensure extensive patronage. Tiieee are gratifying signs that the strike amongst the sawmill hands is reaching an early termination. Tho compromise effected by Messrs. Pcttigrew and Co. was followed yester day by an acceptance by the men of modified terms offered by Messrs. Ramsay and Co., and it is understood' tho mills of the latter will resume full work to- day. It appears that the masters were quite disposed, from the first, to moke acceptable concessions, and it was only the exertions of 'firebrand orators' wliich prevented satisfactory compromises in tho first instance. 'Foe the benefit of the Girls' Grammar School' is now becoming a household phrase amongst those who have taken any interest in the matter. To-night, in tho same interest, Pollard's Liliputians will givo their first enter tainment since their' return from Rockhampton, and will open with tho never-wearying Pinafore. We hear* that there has been a large sale of tickcts, and expect that the hall willjbe crowded for the occasion. It is needless to say tliat, with the double pleasure of sceiug Pinafore put on the 6tagc in a first-class manner and helping a local institution, tho receipts should go a long way towards relieving the debt on the M.G.G.S. Professor Pepper's second entertainment attracted a good hudieace last night. Th3 several ghost illusions, the scries of scientific experiments, and the diorama of views illustra tive of torpedo warfare, commanded repeated applatiBe, and the entertainment apparently gave great satisfaction, though there were signs that tho talented Professor was carried by his sub jects into unusual lengths. The intelligible and witty descriptions were especially appreciated. Professor Pepper announced that on Friday night ho would appear for the last time and give an entertainment comprising his startling ghost illusions and attractive diorainic intervals, discarding for the occasion the scientific experi ments. The following aro the names of the players chosen for tho football match between tho Gympie Club and the local Emu -Clnb, to be played on the Reserve at half-past 2 o'clock to-morrow. ? Gympie: A. H. Ranson, W. Shanahan, E. Davidson, F. .A. Pollard, W. E. Southcrden (captain), E. Joseph, A. Thrower L. JjJourcicault, «T. ^Clarke, A. Durietz, Henry Daunt, F. Purser,©. M'Fie, J.: Crawford, H. F. B. Bunny. Emergencies: H. Richardson E. Woodeow, and J. Cunningham. 'Emtis : A. Willmott, E. Beamos, T. Miller (captain), S. . HarriBon, J, Pride, 'W. Adam, H. Hood, J. K&nria;, F. Kenna,' G. Linklater, W. K. Good win, Jos. Groundwater, C. Mungomery, J. Mungomery, and P. Eckersley. Emergencies : E.i Groundwater, D. Robertson, and-J. 'Gaslell' Capital sport ia expected. ? ? ; TnE usual fortnightly meeting of tlie Trustees of tbe Maryborough Grammar School took place yesterday evening^ when there were ^present — Messrs. H. j. -3ray (in tho chair), H. ^Walker, C. F. Gataker* B. Jones, and Hugh Monckton. The minutes 'baring been read and confirmed, the correspondence inwards and outwards was dealt with, but did not disclose any particular j feature of interest to tho public. In reply to an application from Madame Cavol, it was resolved that she bo informed that at present the trustees do not iutond making any appoint ment of French teachers, one of the masters being available to continue the instruction. A report by: the Clerk of Works of tho Girls' Grammar' School was* read and adopted, show ing the progress in tho construction of the new .school. Accounts wero passed to the amount of £208 12s. ' The usual monthly meeting of the Shop keepers Assistants' Association was hold at tbe School of Aria on Monday evening last. Mr. G. E. Brooks, Vice-President, occupying tho chair'. A deputation was appointed to wait upon tho employers with a view 'to obtaining Friday afternoon as a'rbgular half-holiday, irre spective of any other holidays during the same ! wcok. . Mr.- Goo. Ward was olocted a member of the Committee in the room of Mr. F. J. Lowry, resigned. After a long and interesting debate upon the subjcct of Napoleon v. Wel lington, tho leading parts being taken by Messrs. Lamb and Reid respectively, the Chair man called for a show of bauds, whon tho decision was given in favor of Napoleon being ' the greater General. The aubjoct of the debate for the , next meeting was announced as ' The ad visability of the introduction of ? Coolie labor | '?info- Queensland.' - - ' : ! : Mb. F. D. G. Stanley. Architect (hito Col onial Architect), having opened an office in Keith's Chambers. Bazaar-street, basarrangod to placo tlje samo in charge of Mr, Walter Eyre ;who will reside permanently in Mary borou gh , I who wjll receive instructions for, ana give his personal supervision, ' io'all works with, which Mr, Stanley may be enteugtedi — Ayyy, 