A YEjSETIAN GHOST STOET. Of the Valle defc Setfce Morti there is a story current among the gondoliers and fishermen. There were six men fishing once in this ' Valle ' of the Seven Dead. They had with, them a little boy, tlie son of one of their band. The boy did nnf nvi ScVii-nrr -Hn+Ti his fn.-fcViAiv fork Rtavfid bpliind to take care of the but, and to cook the meals for the men when they returned. He spent the nights alone in the cabin, for most of the fishing was done between sunset and sunrise. One day, as the dawn was beginning across the water, Hie men stopped their fishing, and began to row home with, their load as usuaL As they rowed along they inet the body of a drowned man going out to sea with the tide. They picked the body up and laid it on the prow, the bead Testing upon the arm, and vTow-ed on slowly to the hut. The little boy was ?watching for them, and went down to the edge of t3ie canal to meet them. He saw the body of the seventh man. lying on the prow, but thought that ho was asice-p. So, when the boat came near, lie cried, to his father, ' Breakfast is ready ; come along I' and with that he turned and -went back 'to the hut. The men followed the boy, and left the dead man lying on the prow. When they had sat down the boy looked round and said, 'Where is the other man? Why don't you bring Mm into breakfast, too P' ' Oh ! isn't he here ?' cried one ; and then added, with a laugh, ' You had better go and call him ; he must be asleep.' The boy went down to the canal and shouted, '*WIiy don't you come to breakfast? It is all ready for you.' But the man on the prftw never moved nor answered a word. 80 the boy returned to the hut, and said, ' What is the matter with the man, he won't answer.' 'Oh,' said they, ' he is a deaf old fool. You must shout loud and swear at him.' The boy went back again and cried, ' Come along, you fool, tbe others are waiting for you.' But the man on the prow never moved nor answered a word. Then the boy ran back to the hut and said, ' Come one of you, for 1 can't wake him up.' But they laughed and answered, ' Go out again and shake him by the leg ; tell him we can't wait till doomsday for him.' The hoy went down to the water onoe more. He got into the boat and «hook the man by the leg. Then the man turned and sat on the prow, and said to the hoy, ' What do you want ?' ' Why on earth don't you come ? Are they all to wait till doomsday for you?' 'Go back and tell them that t am coming.' So tho boy went back to tbe hut and found the men laughing and joking. ' Well ! what did he say ?' they cried. ' It is all right,' answered the boy, ' he says he is coming.' The men turned pale and looked at one another, and sat very still and laughed no more. Then outside they heard foot steps coming slowly up the path. The door was pushed open, and the dead man came in and sat down in the boy's place, the seventh at the table. But each sat with his eyes fixed upon the seventh, their guest, they could not move or speak. Their gaze was fastened on the dead man's face. Their blood flowed chiller and chiller in their [veins till, as the sun rose and flashed along I the lagoon, there were seven dead men sitting I round the table in the room. — -'Pall Mall Gazette.' 