'SPERANZA' AND THE SYRIAN COLONIZATION FUND. TO THS' ED1T0B. Sir — 'Speranza's' pro-Semitic letter in your issue of Saturday, the. 16th inst., was no doubt well intended. It is, however, to. be regretted that ' Speranza' in her com munication did not herself give a manifesta tion of that charity which she so much de plores among Christians. The Jews, no doubt, have been persecuted, but it must be remembered, as a matter of history, that the ? Jews have often been persecutors them Eelves ; that fact cannot be questioned. Hence, how can 'Speranza' seriously think that her letter will add even one mite to the Colonization Fund? Passing over her exordium on the Countess Strangford and the Earl of Shaftesbury, her bold assertion that ' God works no. miracles, now.' cannot be allowed to pass un challenged. Can 'Speranza' limit the power of the Almighty ? Freethinkers of to day assert L'komme esC Dieu ; connai3~toi r e'esi la rente/' ' God works no miracleS now, and 'Speranza' is tho authority. Again she writes— 'Our priests are cajoling us with a pitiful mimicry, ot the. divinely appointed pageantry of -Hebrew worship. Who are our priests ?? ? The Redeemer of the world (Jesus Christ) has told us that Hecame not to destroy, but to fulfil what was foretold by the prophets.. He has done so, and His pnesta do His. commands. But let me ask ' Speranza'-. does not God work in mysterious ways ? Why, then, write of God's mother as 'the humble Jewess,' Maiy of Bethlehem? Mary was indeed humble, and as the beauti ful Magnificat (St. Luke) proclaims— ' He hath regarded the humility of his handmaid ; for behold from henceforth all generations shall call Me blessed.' Would it not have advanced 'Speranza's' cause' had she said withKeble:— '. ' ; ' ' Ave Maria ! Thou irhose name All bnt adoring lova may claim ?' To mention the Blessed Virgin as ths humble ' Mary .of Bethlehem,' is too cold to_ excite Christian sympathy^ and ' Speranza,' instead of securing support, -has courted antagonism. As is well known, ? the Jews have had the protection in manv. of. their sad troubles from great and good men in eveiy age, notably_ from St.^ Gregory the Great~amTSt. BernardT~ But afief all thai' 'Speranza' haa written, is not the Syrian colonization scheme Utopian per se? The London Tablet of October 7, the friend of the Jews, and the most Conservative and Catholic of English journals, writing of the ' Juden hetze in Germany, Russia, Hungary, and Austria, remarks :— ' These outbreaks of the old hatred have directed attention to tho existence of a Syrian Colonization Fond, but we gather from' letters that have appeared that the effort? of the committee have not been very successful. The Secretary declares that unless £100,000 is forthcoming any broad scheme of repatriation is impossible, aud, remembering how easily that sum might be told down many times over by the wealthy Jews- cf ? - IxmdoTr~alone,'~ws~3re~ ~f orcsd' ftr believe that their hearts are not in the work, and that, though Palestine may be ready for the -Jews, the Je.vs are not ready for Palestine. The flesh-pots of Egypt have not yet lost their savour.'. To conclude— It is an admitted asiom that there is no effect without a cause. Why, then, are the Jewa persecuted ? Simply because of their usurioas' practices. Edward the First, in 1275V re strained them by Act of Parliament, and it is to be hoped that the Parliament of South Australia will ere long similarly control them, as in thia colony to-day the Jews are as rapacious as they were in England in the days of Edward. I will now give you one case in point. A wanted £12 for four months, payable at the rate of £3 per month. He went to a Jewish money-lender with B and C, good securities, and A got £D for the £12 secured— just 33 V per cent, tor the kindnes3 ! The Jewa are the. same sll .over the world, and South Australians are abused by 'Speracza' for not supporting them ! Does the ghost of, ^hy lock ^.ver_. appear .before u Speranza'?' ' . I am, Sir, £c., ?'?? J.-T.R. Byron-place, Adelaide. December 17. : - ['A' was under no obligation to go to the Jews, and he ? would not have had to give such interest 'if he could have'given substan-' tial securitv;_j}esidjesJ_are there none but_ Jeu Fwhir charge, enormously 'high interest upon mere personal security ? — Ed.] 