ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. j \- THE WATERWORKS. (To the Editor of the Riverine Herald. ) Sir,—From the many letters by the Town Surveyor in your'paper recently, lie tries to impress on .the people that he will give, them a cheap and good supply of water. To my mind, it lie meant it candidly he would adopt a; very different mode from tubular boilers. It seems strange that having an engineer for years sitting at the counciltable, and- that body guided by au eminent engineer alsu, that we should be so long paying costly for our water supply, having sue!) a supply wasting.. Mr. Editor, I will give you a few notes taken from high authority, how some towns are supplied with water The towns of Philadelphia and Richmond in America, and Tolouse in France, all by water wheel poiver. The .former'town is supplied, with 1,000000 gallons daily, and raised to a height of, 90 feet ; and the town of Richmond is supplied by a quantity of 880,000 gallons daily, and raised 1G0 feet high. Ton louse is supplied by a similar quantity daily, .md to a height of SO feet as at Richmond. 1 may state that the water 'in'Philadelphia is. forced through a lG-inch pipe by a series of wheels, atid Richmond only,by two wheels. Now having such a power to use as the Murray, we might have our streets cleaned through the day, and, have themelectrified by lightjjat night,; This could be accomplished if .our engineers studied their profession.— Yours, truly, , ; ; • - ^ PROGRESS. Echuca, lGth September, 1882. ! * • ,Tnii Salvation Aii?,;y.—The following are some of Jhe.announcements on. a placard issued by tho ,>Silvation Ariuv in Leeds. ' The Christian Wo)U says "We have 110 hesitation in paying Unit'a more atrocious dotunicrit has never appeared.. After the usual,proclamation of / War Twar ! '!' etc., ntul an invitation to everybodj' to ' join in the lightagainst Oid Nick,' the plan of attack; is .thus described:—'Monday, oth June, at a quarter to eight, salvati. 11 charge. Tuesday, great exhibition-of hallelujah lasses. Wednesday, fire and brimstone: Thursday, roll called soldiers to deliver up their cartridges. - Friday, afcj half-past seven, baptism of lire. ;Saturday. at a quarter to eight, rejoicing over Victories won all over the shop meetings. Sunday, 11th June,, at seven a.in., knee-drill ; ammunition supplied to soldiers byquartcr■■ master-general ; eleven a.m., descent^ of the' Holy Ghost ; half-past two p.m., tremendous free and easy ; half-past six, p. m., greali chai'go on the devil ; nine p.m., hallelujah galop. Did tliis plactad stand alone, we might think it;the work of: some rash and ignorant captain; but, unfor unately^ it is only a specimen ofthe style in which tin Army is now carrying on the war, and for which General Booth must be held directly responsibl . No one i who has any Toveroncc for divine tilings can i read this placard without, being filled; with a, si; se of elianie, horrcr and < isgust .": ' A tmlkgraVhfrom Madrid to -n London paner states that, in consequence of a conversation overheard by a detective in a cafe at Granada, the authorities seized a suspicious packet which had been. posted in. Ihafc city, addiessed to Senor Saga&ta; the Prime Minister. It was brought cai\ fully to -Madrid, and on examination it was discovered that U L'.juUiined seve/il bottles of tulpluric acid, and ;i small box with sufficient gun; owder in it in blow up a lvous*=t. The whole acket was 11.-<! with a string in such a man.! r that in r.iiiyii'g the cordis an explosion v. uld have folltiwed. Several arrest - !in.vo be c:■ made. Mr. S. H. Terry, M.L.G., <•;' Sydney, n:;r.-owly escaped being the vict 1.: ;'f a dastardly outrage a fctf eevnings ago. Mr. Terry was aroused at a tolerably 1-vto hour I by a violent rapping at the front door of his j house at Ashlield, and upon o; ening it he | was saluted with a volley of largo .-ized stones. J Fortunately they missed him, but by the j dents on the door the}' had evidently been 1 hurled with great force from a very short disJ tance. 