The scene on Monday afternoon at the adjourned meeting of the Municipal Council was not creditable to the alder manic body. We know not what mo tive prompted the opposition to the motion that the suin of £500 be granted for the Mayor's salary during his year of office ; it may have been personal feoling, or cliquism, or economy. Nom inally it was the latter; — a due regard for the interests of the ratepayers and of the citizens generally. But the honesty of this profession seems to have been doubted by the aldermen who were in favour of the vote. Those in the fray ought to be best acquainted with the cause of dispute. Por our selves we prefer to accept any reputable man's disclaimer of improper motives, unless his action belie his words. It is, uufortunately, not an uncommon thing for men to . attempt to screen their real motives from public recognition by asseverations of kindliness and honesty of feeling towards their victims. If hypocrisy of that sort was suspected in the action and language of the ' noes ' on that question no person can wonder that it evoked displeasure and a determination to put it down. The spirit of economy, even when it runs to. extremes, deserves encouragement rather thaa denunciation ; but personal or factious opposition in a small adminis trative body merits only reprobation. National legislation may be most safely accomplished by party rivalries ; but rivalry and raucour in the Executive Council would be subversive of efficient administration. It would be the same in any municipal council. Unanimity of opinion there cannot always be ; faction there should never be. Dis cussion should be so courteous as to leave no permanent ill-feeling. There was an apparent lack of courtesy on Monday afternoon. One of the alder meu either obstinately defied the autho rity of the Mayor, or he was needlessly silenced. The published reports do not read well for either side. Perhaps the particular alderman's pertinacity was at fault, but that cannot be said of his motives : his independent opinions he has a right to hold and to express, pro viding that he do not, in giving utterance 10 them, transgress the recognised rules of debate. He disavowed auy inclina tion to circumscribe the Mayor's liber ality in the due discharge of his official functions. He ' would do his utmost to helu the Mayer to uphold the dignity of his office,' but any money required to recoup actual outlay should be voted nf trift pvnirnr.inn nf )iir {firm nf nfiifp This was the opinion of two or three others. Ultimately the motion to grant :he Mayor £500 at the commencement :-f nis term of office was carried by five fdtes to four. In the discussion no principle seems to have been ad vanced by the opponents of the motion, unless it was the principle of 'no salary, only expenses.' If a mayor is to receive money, the time when it should be voted is quite a subordinate circumstance. It is better, we think, that he should know beforehand what amount is available to him ; it may pre vent extravagance and preclude angry discussion as. to what constitutes legiti mate expenditure on account of the ' dignity of the office.' The true principle was touched by the remarks of Alderman Babbidse ; he called it reimbursement for the sacrifice of business involved by the duties of the office, which fully occupied the Mayor's time. There is no moral law nor equit able principle which requires any man who cannot afford it, to place his un requited services at the disposal of the commonwealth, or which justifies the; commonwealth in expecting such services. Efficient oversight means economical expenditure ; the remuneration of that oversight may bea gain ; but eztrava-: gant remuneration should be rigidly avoided. .Let public employes, whether honour be attached 10 the position and work or not, be rairly paid; but lot the fact be ever borne in mind that the monev voted is . a responsible trust! M ter the ? difficulty about the ? Mayor's salary had been got over, the council was in a generous mood : its favours were distributed with a free hand. Tear after year, the- salaries of the officers creeD up. To get into the municipal service is a privilege ; to stick there iB to be subT staiatially appreciated. 'Where else do salaries' progress so fast ? The Government of New South Wales has an eye to immigration business. The colony is to be well advertised. A bulky, document has been published by authority, entitled New South Wales in 1881, to which we may have to refer hereafter. Sir Henbx Pabkes iB actually performing the important part of an official advertiser of the colony's condition and resources. While seeking phy sical ( aud uiental . recuperation he is diligently promoting the interests of the colony. He is utilising a personal holiday for patriotic ends and devoting a period of recreation to public interests. I Nobody seems to doubt his integrity, or I to have the least fear that he will not endeavour to promote the interosts of his country. So far as sterling patriot ism goes he carries with him the public confidence of the colony he represents. To give that colony prominence ; to acquaint the governments aud com mercial representatives of distant branches of the English-speaking race with its commercial resources, and to secure reciprocities of trade, seem to be salient features of his object in travel ling. That there may be in all this a small element of gratified ambition, that he may bo the pleased recipient of the honour justly due to a fairly earned position of trust aud dis tinction would only be evidence that he is human. He who grudged Sir Hejtky his honourable recognition in the United States and Canada would be a mean cynic, for the' recognition is perhaps quite as much international as personal : it iB an acknowledgment of the facts which Sir Henet loyally pro claims — that the polony he represents is a great. one, in the full swing of success, and hastening on to a position of great wealth and of influential mer cantile importance among the trading and manufacturing countries of the world, as well as of the fact that he is the Premier of that progressive colony. To further his endeavours, and in pursuance of the policy of his Government, a large sheet of Australian statistics has just been published by the Government Printer of New South Wales. The object of this adver tising placard is of course to show, the relative position of the parent colony in the Australian group. The sheet contains a lithographed panoramic view of the city of Sydney, taken from North Shore. It supplies statistics of all the Australian colonies and New Zealand for the year 1SS0 ; those of New South Wales form the first row, and are' printed in red ink. The sheet is a purely advertising medium for the colony. It is intended to supply infor mation to intending immigrants ; copieB. of it will be sent, after Sir Heitet Parses, and will be conspicuously ex hibited in London, and possibly else where. It is a good idea, so far well carried out. Oeibnt Li.nb. — A telegram from London states that the Orient liner Ouzco left Plymouth ou February 25, for Australia, with 40S pas den^ers, and a very full cargo. The Cihous. — This place of entertainment was well patronised last night. The lighting, whioh was defeotive on the opening night, was all that could be wished, and the entertainment appeared to afford general satisfaction. The 'Volumtbbb CoatrnrBE. — Ihe comimttea to inquire into the working of the Volunteer Force held their flrat meeting yesterday, the following; being present : — Colonel Scratchley, Lieutenant-Colonel Blazland, Lieutenant Colonel Drnry, and Major Mein, with Major Moore as secretary. The committee will sit daily. Cebamic Art. — In the shop window of Mr. George Myers, Queen-street, is to be seen a fine collection of a new description of china ware called ' Iceland Moss.' There is a most tempting stray of this work — snch as floral wreaths, vises, brackets, card and frnit basRets, cream jugs, and chimney ornamentB, and the temptation to empty one'B pookets is veiy great. The price oi these articles, considering their excellence, is quite moderate. The Fremck Esoai-beb. — Yesterday after noon a warder from New Caledonia was taken to the gaol for the purpose of identifying the five French escapees now confined there. He identified three of the number without difficnlty but failed to pink out the remaining two, who we are informed, correspond with the de scriptions forwarded from New Caledonia. The Weathek —The reports received at 9 a.m. to-day, show that very little change has taken placo ''n th- state of the weather through out the colony during the previous twentyfor hours, lue foMosing ruin had fallen: — St. Liiwrence, 0'0S ; Cooktown, 0 77 ; Noimrnton, 0-70; and Kimberley, 097'. The preveUiug wind wbb S.E. The laiii&iAi.j;a. — Tho immigrants by the Morialta (late British Consul), wbioh arrived at the anohorage, Brisbane Rondo, on Monday, were brought up to town yesterday afternoon by the Govarnm«nt steamer Xate, and landed at the DepOt early in the evening. They are a robust nnd healthy looking, lot of people, and will probably not have to wait long before voyage out three children died, and there was one birth. Thb Pbpbbb ?EMTBaTAiNMBsre:— Profe8sor Pepper commenoed a series of popular enter tainments at the Albert Hall last night, and had a good audience. Tho ghost effects oreated mnoh astonishment, and there were several brilliant experiments performed during the evening. The entertainment iras- well varied, and was amusing as veil as instructive. Good Tbiiplaes' 3htbrtain:!jbnt. — A suc ceasful entertainment wan given by the Star of Peaoe Lodge of Good Templars last night at South Brisbane. There was same good sing ing and well- rendered recitations, and an effective address by Mr. J. G. Stewart on Good TemplariHm. Tne prooeedinjis wound np with a furo», ' As mad an u hatter.' . Sekvicb on Soum — A aervize of song, entitled 'JeBsica's First Prayer,' -was given at- ths theatre last night1 by- the- members of tho Evangelistic Choir, in the presence of a good: audience. The- service tub rendered more' realistic than on previous occasions, in conse quence of Kceneiy-iind proper accessories being' used. The choiij which was unuer tho conduo nrHiiiii oi Mr. Adams, sang capitally, Idrs. ^d.^^lx being hoard to grout advantage in the lolos. The audience were by no means chary -f their applause, the best pieces in the- pro- gramme being loudly clapped. The service was Huoh a sjoccsb thai; we should imagine the ihoir will be tempted to give other performances. Df the hind under Bimilar conditions. CoAOHitfa Hoesbb. — We hara hoen shown al Harding'e yard, in Adelaide-street, two fine horses just imported by Mr. Joseph Bonnoy. One of the two is a coaching stallion— a two year-old— and a Snor horoe of Mb ago could not be found. He is by Yojkshire Hero (imp.), his dan being Brunette by Claude Duval (imp.) The otbfir horse is n roan Olydesdnle stallios, 12 months old, also a splondid animal. He iev by Bol»in's Emperor (v?ho has taken several first- cIhbd prizes), his dam Daisy by Thuaderbolt (imp.) Both coits were bred by MesNrn. Suttsr, of Ba&nrst;, New South Wales. Mr. Bonnoy alao yurohasod six well-bred Clydesdale Allies from tho same breeder, and they are expected to arrfrro from Sydney in a Jew daya. I HA-va analyeod an original pftoket ol ' Tho Taejjina Miztuio,' and I certify that, in its otiorniwll properties as toa, it reuohes b muoh highoi standiwd thr.-s that which is now rJ qnirsd by the London Board of Trade. The mixture is i:om;;oBOil of pare nncolonred teas and admirably flavoured with a dolioate and harmless scenting, which renders it very palat able. I can recommend it at being a whole somo and rofrcehing artiele ol diet Kabl TnzoDoa B-vaiohu, late Qovenunant Anab/at.«- 