HINTS ON ETIQUETTE. ' Excuse me, gentlemen 1' said a young lady, entering our Banctum, ' bnt whioh one of you is the sooiety editor ?' ' We don't keep one on this paper, Mien,' said the horse oiitic, ' but-, the whole gang take a orack at that style of journalistic labour once in a while. Is there anything we can do for you ?' ' I was going to ask,' said the girl, ' if it would bo too mnch trouble for you to give me somo hints as to tbe proper way to reoeive guests at a wedding, how the supper should be served, and bo forth ?' ' You wan't to know what is en riggle and recherchy, as the French say?' remarked the horse man. 'We oan give you the oorreot pointer. Are you the blushing bride ?' 1 YeB, sir,' said the girl in a rather weak voioo; 'that. 'is— ' ' Oh, I nuderstand !' said the hnwe editor. 1 1 appreoiato your feelings. I waB onoo young and bashful myBelf . Now, about this wedding ; tho receiving part is easy. After the nuptial ceremony is conolnded, you and Mike — * ' Bnt his name isn't Mike !' said tho young lady ; ' his name is — ' 1 Oh ! I know all about that,' said tho equine journalist. ' Of course his name is Adolbort, or Reginald, or some other dry goods olork nonnnnso, but in giving iidvico wo always alludo to the sucker as Mike, and call the bride Hannah. It eaves time Now, after you and Mike are marriod,you want to jog along homo aad plant yourself at the back und of tho parlour. Better havo a floral boll, or some thing liko that, to stand under, becauso it is considered tho oorreot thing, und raukes a botter toot oiiHomblo, au the French nay. Thon tho gueuta thoy got in lino, and go by you in a Blow walk— a kind of woburiudhimsadlyut.dead of-night clip— and you shako hands with oaoh one and say ' Thanks,' awfully, and thoy look at you and Miko as if you woro a couple of prize cattle, and feel sorry for you.' ' And tbo suppot f ' mid tho young lady. 'Oh, yea; tho supper I Well, nt some wed diDgs they feed in the dining room, and at others oaoh guest sits on a ohair and has his lunoh brought to him. Now, I always adviso tho uso of ohoppod food at weddings — bring on the ham and sand sichon and ice cream at the samo timo. Thoy oun't out tbe sandwiohes first, you know, because if thoy do the cream will molt, and if thoy throw in the cream to start with, the sandwioheo will not like Banquo's ghost — ' thoy will not get down !' ' And tho horse reporter winked vigorously at tha dramatic oritio in order to attract the attention of that person to his ablo joke. But tho oritio was trying to emoko a oi^ar that tbe advance agent of tho Whale had givon him, and he did not look. ' Of course,' continued the bio grapher of Goldsmith's Maid, ' it would ba better if you oould give oaoh guest a box stall and throw the feed in early in tho evening, but this is not often praotioable, so you had better keep on the old racket !' ' I am suro I am very thankful, sir, for the interest you have takeu in this matter,' said the girl, ' and I shall follow your advice. Whioh is tho way dowu stairs, please ? ' 'There are two ways,' replied the hone reporter, 'you oan jump dowu the hatohway or take the stairs. Uur elevator nover runs.' — American Paper. . ? ' 