A PRACTICAL JOKE AND ITS RESULTS. A most remarkable case of insanity, result ing from a practical joint, has just come to light iu the city of Y.mngstown, Ohio. Living about two miles from the tdwn is a family by the namo of Waters. Thoy aro well-to-do, plain country people, who enjoy the respect of all their neighbors, and have a largo circle of friends and relatives. The family consists of Mr and Mra Waters, now well advanced in years ; two fine-appearing and sensible daughters, both grown; and one son named Henry, who i3 a handsome, manly young fellow of 23, whoBQ pleasant face has inado him many friends. Honry had been brought upon the farm, and his experience boyond tho limits of his home and the neigh boring towns has been restricted to a single visit to Cleveland at tho time of the Garfield obsequies. He was much given to reading light literaturo of the blood-and-thundor kind, and his associates say ho was very superstitious, and had at various times ex pressed himself as believing iu spirits and their visioned terrors. In fact those strange fantasies had bo workod upon his simple nature that he always slept with a largo old fashioned Colt's revolver at the head of his bod, where he could place his hand upon it in an inbtant. Knowing his weakness, some of the neighborhood boys planned, in the best I of humour, a scheme to frighten him with a make-believe ghost at midnight's evil hour. A night was set ior tho preparation of tho joke, and during that afternoon ono of the young men carefully drew all tho bullets from Henry's pistol, leaving the powder in each cartridge undisturbed, and placed the weapon back in it accustomed place. Henry retired as usual at half-past eight, and about mid might, just as tho moon was throwing a dim ray of light across the floor, one of tho boys, clad in ghostly attire, stoalthily enterod the room, and stood with outstretched arms, slowly muttering unintelligible sentences. With an awakening tremor, Henry con vulsively grasped his revolver and sat up right in bed, dumb through fear. The ghost advanced a step, the mutterings continued, till Heuri, wrought up to almost a frenzy, drew to an aim the weapon he supposed was charged with death, and stammered, " If you are a man, I shall kill you; if you are a ghost this won't hurt you;" aud with that the loud report of his pistol startled tho night's stillness. There was a quick motion of the shrouded arm, and the bullet was thrown back, striking the headboard at Henrj''s side. This sent a cold chill through his frame, but a second time he took deliberate aim at tho figure and tired. Again a motion as if catching the bullet, and it was thrown back upon the bod. Almost paralysed with fear, Henry rired a third, a fourth, and a fifth shot, only to have the bullets hurled back with noiseless motion from tho ghostly figure. Then, for a brief mnmcnt, he sat as if transfigured, gazing with mute bewilderment, when, with a wild shriek of terror, he fired tho last blank cartridge and hurled tho pistol at tho ghost. With a merry laugh the ghostly visitor threw off his flowing garments and through tho door came those who had gathered without to join in the sport, when, to their horror, they saw depicted on tKe face of Henry an ex pression which told the Bad story that their joke had, alas ! been too well played. His mind could not stand the strain. He was a raving maniac. The saddest part of the story is that, although several weeks have elapsed since young Waters was frightened, lie has not showed the least signs of returning sanity; and, while not violent, is constantly shrieking out and poiniiug to imaginary ghosts. It is a aad story, and a frightful warning to pratical jokers. 