A SEASIDE EPTSOD& filOSC THE AROOST. fho ibrco girls were going to spend a month it tho seaside— Lydia, Rosa and Julia Tnflercl. Their aunt, Miss Hamlet, after keening them in inspensc for veekp— now up in the rkios of hope, now down in the dust of despair — at length mado j ep her mind, and announced her decision — to go. 41 But I'm sure," alic added, 44 I don't know j what will corno of it." j Charlotte Hamlet bad thought fate rather :riiet ( when, three years ago now, shu heard of the death of her widowed sister, Mary Taflerel, anil that the thrco daughters she left in the world had no protector, unless she herself became one. Tho girls had three hundred a year conjointly— that is, one hundred pounds each, and could havo kept a home over their heads by living together ; but they wcro young for that., and, Miss Hamlet suspected, somewhat giddy. She was well off hercolf, and had a roomy, pleasant house. It was not on that score she shrank from the prospect ; but she was rather an invalid, nervous, and loving above all things a quiet life. However, thoie appeared to bo no help for it, and she wrote to hot nieces to come. M\o must all have crosses," murmured poor Miss Hamlet, and I suppose this will become ono for me ; and I bavo boon pretty freo fi'om thorn hitherto, and must DTho girls arrived at Stogbrook, Miss Hamlet's village borne. The eldest of them was 23, tho youngest 21. They turned out to be pleasant, sociable and chatty: full of life and spirits, eager for any gaiety that might full in their way, fctul very anxious each of the throo to pick up a husband. , 44 Small blame to them eilber,' freely spoko up Mrs O'.Malley, an intimate friend of Miss Ham let's. 41 What do girls expect but to marry ? And sure the young men are crowing scarce ! Nearly three years hau elapsed since thorcamo to Miss Hamlet, and there had boon no change, when that lady bethought herself of taking theui to tho seaside, and bado them prepare them- To get away anywhere was something ; but tho place sho bad fixed unon, Brightwafcer, was now and untried, not a dozon houses as yet m it. a A grand hotel was just built, the size of winch might, perhaps, make up for the scarcity of other accommodation. It was culled tho Itoyal Vic toria, and it took its guests by the week, some what as a boarding house does, or alter tho fashion of Scarborough. Miss lluinletliad written to the Itoval Victoria to make arrangements, Mrs. U'Malley, who had just returned from a fort- night's sojourn there, having praised »t warmly. "It is not exactly what i like, said Miss Hamlet to her nieces, as they sat at tea. I have never tried tho life myself, and I tear it will prove to be too familiar; but we can leave the hotel at tho end of tho first week for lodgings if we choose." . , , , .... "Oh, Aunt Charlotte," exclaimed Rosa, it will seem like Paradise after Ibis dreadful bt&g-; " Dreadful Stagbrook !" repeated Miss Harajct, gazing in amazement through hor spectacles. "What do you mean by that, Rosa? Rosa dropped her high lone. noil, aunt. Btagbrook in (lull ; you must know that. " I have never found it so, young lady, anil I have lived all my life in it." "Yes, aunt, I suppose that makes tho dif ference. I Ye did hul think Chichester dull. " 1 wish the holiday to be pleasant to you all, resumed Miss Hamlet stiffly ; "and I shall take Dorothy Krone." ... " Dorothy Krane ! screamed all tho girls lu chorus. " Dolly Krane !" "Yes, why not?" said Miss Hamlet. She will he a pleasant companion for you." "Why, Aunt Charlotte, Dolly wont have a decent thing to appear in, v exclaimed Lydia. " .She'll Ho very well. Peoplo are net expootod to bo fine at the sea-Bide. Fancy dressing up at no hotel. , . _ _ Lydia kicked Julia under the table, and Julia kicked Rosa. The young ladies wcro taking every smart thing they possessed, with enough ribbons and fal-lals to fill a trunk. . "Nearly all Dolly's dresses aro cotton." "If they aro they are dciicato and pretty, said Miss tlani lot. " More sugar, do you say, Julia ? She ho her grey silk for best ; now that it's turned it looks as good as new. And Dorothy toils mo " " Have you been to the pnrsonngo, Aunt Char lotto?" " Yes walked over this morning when you three went out shopping. Three hours you wcro gone ! I was back long before you came in. One would think you wanted .something at every shop in Staghrook." ' "All the prints Dolly's ot have been washed ever so many times, aunt.' "I daresay they have. They'll he just tho things for the seaside. Then sho has that pretty figured muslin that was new last year ; and for best she has her white. Not that, as I believe, .sbowill require to wear it. Dorothy asked me whether it had better be taken or not." "The white has been washed too," cried Lydia. " I wonder Mr. and Mrs. Krano can spare her. How will the children go on without Dolly, Aunt Charlotte?— and 'the parish ?— aud the schools ? "As well as they can," answered Miss Hamlet. "All work and no play is not good for anybody —least good of all for tbc young. Dolly needs a change more than you do, and the tear stood iu Mr. Krone's eyes when he thanked me for think inc of her. Another cup, Lydia?" The church and parnonago stood hnlf a mile from Stagbrook. The Reverend Abel Krane was the incumbent; a hard-working, conscientious man, with a flock of children, and a small in come to keep them on. Dolly was the eldest ; And she had to teach and take care of the others, not to speak of the running about in the parish, which she partly did for her niothor, who was as bard-worked as tho rector. Mrs. Krane, formerly Dorothy Itorolet, was first cousin to Miss Char- lotto l-frmlot and to Mrs. Taficreh Rriglitwater was reached ; and the Iioyal Vic toria proved to be an imposing whito mansion, with pillars and balconies and green blinds. Miss llamlct lound it very comfortable, and diked it hetier than r lie had thought for. A riight accident happened to her the day after her arrival. In stepping from a carriage, for sho \- bad treated the young people to a drive, she twisted her foot. It was nothing very serious, needing only a few days' rest. So Miss Hamlet reposed on one of tbc sofas pear the window in tho ladies' drawingroom, by day, feasting hor ayes on the beautiful, ever-moving sea, and con verging pl;»cidiy with another invalid lady, who had come to Brigbtwutcr to recover strength after an illness, and did not seem to bo able to do it tfuickly. For the girls this was just delightful. Not, of course, that they could rejoice over a twisted an Lie, but it was pleasant to he able to go about without the supervision of Aunt Charlotte. The hotel was not h t If full, bub it was enjoying itself. There was a littlo carpet-dancing, a little flirting, and short moonlight promenades in the hotel garden and on tbc' beach. One drawback the lUfrs Tafforels did find : r.ob a soul of the male sex, then at tho hotel, could he pronounced quite elkihle. Thrco or four very young men, 'who wore there with their mothors and sisters, and three or four middle-aged ones, who looked grave, and no 'doubt had wives at home, comprised tho list. Rut the three sisters got a great i.al of admiration ; they were tall, btyljsh and showy, with rather Spanish-looking faces, sparkling dark eyes, and Mae- black hair. Their manners in society were perfect; their re- pari ecs delightful, "Three charming girls!" declared .voting Mr. Pender a dozou times a day, or as often as lie could get away from bis tutor. " Nuver saw Mich beauties !" Dolly Krane was nowhero beside them : eclipsed as a pale star by the brilliant moon, fchu was pretty in her way, but of stylo she had none. She only about came up to Miss Lydia a phouhjer; a slender girl, retiring in manner, shrinking from strangers rather than courting tbcni. Not but that her face was a very plea sant one : fair, gentle, with earnest blue eyes, ever smiling, and chiselled features ; her fine, siiky hair had a gold tinge on it. Dolly w«h kept down by her imperious cousins; imperious to her; and remained in her place accordingly. Kho was accustomed to think of them as rich and fortunate young ladies, quite above herself. A sweet nature, a sunny temper, utterly unsolfish, pud ever ready to help all the world: such was Dolly Krane. Three or four days aftqr the ankle was injured, Mias Hamlet was able to use it again without mmli trouble, and she went in that evening, leaning upon Lydia's arm, to join the dinner in the public room. " Dolly," cried tho young lady, in a tone of Opinupiml, "you bud better change your place fur Ihih i.ne next to Aunt Charlotte. And then you will be at band, you know, to help her to any thing she may want." Now, by a skilful arrangement of the mistress of. the cororacmts. the elder people were placed together at tio head oi the table, and the younger ones at the foot; sin had been young bciu-.-it twenty years ago, and knew what was what. And perhaps a sort of disappointment crushed Lolly's heart at being called away irom the livoly company of her own ago to sit with the \- sober elders. The feeling passed in a moment. Dolly had only lived to servo others, not to in dulge liertolf, and she sat down by Miss Hamlet with a loving smile and chccrliti brow. "'Let jt be your placo for good, Dolly," said Li'dia, as she moved away to her own. " Now, I daresay, my dear, you would rathor Nave stayed down there," said Miss Hamlet. " indeed I am glad to he with you, Aunt Char lotte," replied Dolly — for she hud always oalled Miss Hainlet " aunt." " Please let inc stay." Rut by that wonderful law of compensation said to eiLt in this world, while Dolly was taking her coup, there glided quietly into the vacant ccat t>e.stde her a tall, handsome, distinguished- looking man, whoso face Dolly liked at the first glance : took a fancy to, in fact. It was a very attractive fqco, its features pale and .regular, eyes, hnjrund wjiiskcrs of a dark brown, and u &iiL; t liruu n moustache. Doily paed him the salt He thanked her, and that broke the Ice. lie began to talk to her, talked with her throughout dinner, and spoke a little acrprs Dolly to Aliss Hamlet. His English was very good indeed— a Blightly foreign accent being digtiuquishable at times;' and now and then he hesitated for a word. Once hq used a wrong word, and Dolly laughed, " what is it, mademoiselle?" lie asked, laugh ing also. " What ought I to have said?" Dolly told him. -.Though a retiring, modest, girl, of Innate reimemeut, she had none of- tho ' .1 ' . >-'- , - foolish shyness that some young girls hare when conversing with strango gentlemen, and thatromo arfect to httve. And— she did not know how it was — but she felt as much at home with hnti as though she had known him for ton yoais. Lto could not. l»o mistaken for anytbim but a gontio- J man, and he was certainly a very attractive one. j Tie Miss Taffcrefr, looking on from tho oilier cm! of tins table, turned green with envy. Miss i Lydia withed she had taken the seat by her I aunt, instead of giving it to Dolly. " I wonder who he is?" thought sho. "I supposo bo came in by the fivoo'efrck train." And when tho com pany left the diningroom Lydia run to got a sy peep at the visitors' book. 44 ThqBuron do Fierreville. " "A baron ! A real livo baron ! French, ot course !" Lydia Tafibre! made a rush to her sis ters, her checks glowing with excitement. There would bo somebody worth dressing for now. _ And from that evening the three young girls dressed in all their best. Feathers and I ounces wonderful to heboid, silks and ribbons aud laws ; and, though some people may have deemed thoui a little ovcr-drcswd, ibcy looked very well. The Baron de Fierreville did not apro tr in tho drnwingrooms that first evening ; but tho young i ladies mado his acquaintance the following morning. It was a vory hot day :thcy and Dolly were sitting on tho beach under ail awning, when ho came strolling along with young Mr. Ponder. ..... i "Oh, there are those charming girls ! cried the young loan. "Do let us join them !" " You must present inc Ikon," said tho Baron. Accordingly young Mr. IVnder presented him — " Tho Burou de Fierreville/' Tho three your.g ladies made each an elaborate curtsey ; Dolly blushed and smiled. Rut fate was not kind to Mr. Ponder. It came in tho shapo of his envious tutor to call him away. A grim tutor, who would not always be j put down. So the young gentleman wan borno off, nud the Baron was left alone with tho ladies. J lie sat down by Rosa, and they began to talk to j him— all throe of them, their questions tumbling ; out ono upon another. There was no room for Dolly to put in a word, even had she wished to. 11 How do you like Rrightwatcr, baron ?" "Don't you find the bathing excellent?" "Vfliy did you not como iu to join tho little dance last evening?" " Do you like Lnglisb girls?" " How long do you think of staying ?" " I supposo you don't know all the people here yet? Those -Miss Fitzroys are very nice. They had on blue net at dinner yesterday : perhaps you noticed them. Their father is Sir John Fitz- roy, a halLpay colonel or admiral, or something ; that old gentloman with a long white beard and a bald bead." " How very well you apeak English, Baron ! Did you come to England tu learn it ?" "Aro you a good sailor? I a in a dreadful one." " Do you like cruising about in a yacht?' " Were you evor at Brighton?" "In what part of France do you livo?" These and a hundred other queries tho young ladies poured out. Dolly felt uncomfortable, ana blushed frequently. Eho could not havo put such questions for the wnrld ; did net know how hor cousins liked to do it. The buron laughed and answered freely— as freely as tho torrent of words poiiuittcd. Ho had landod yesterday from a friond's yacht; had come over iu her from Dieppe; his friend, Captain Close, after landing him, had put off again, was going further up the coast; ho did not see, as yet, much to like in Hrightwnter, but believed he did like English girls ; had noticed the young ladies in blno and thought them pretty ; had sat outside in tho moonlight hast night smoking a cigar and talking with tho young fellow's tutor who had just left tlicm ; found hitn a most intellectual man, and so stayed there instead of going in to dance ; his home was in Normandy, but for tho pa-it year he . had been much away froiu il, travelling. Tho girls listened eagerly lo this, tho substance of his answers. Lydia would havo much liked to ask him how old ho was, and whether ho was a poor man or a rich ono : but that would have been going a lilt'o too far, oven fur her. "You have not told us, Baron," sho said, "how you learnt to speak English so correctly. You have scarcely any accent at all. Did you learn it in England ?" " No. I learnt it at home ; my mother was En'ii:. ho answered. "She brought an Eng lish maid with her when sho first came to our country, and when I was born the maid became my nurse. Sho is with us atill — poor old Hannah !" " At home, with your mother, do you mean ?" " Ah, no, he replied, a sadness creeping into bis tone. "My mother is dead ; nobody is in the old place now— savo the servants. When I am at home now I am nlotio." The young ladies noticed that ho was in slight mourning, and concluded that he wore it for ids mother. The conversation was becoming emi nently satisfactory, for was not this nu explicit uvowal that the Baron was a bachelor. Lydia's lips had been twitching to ask whether ho was or not, but it was perhaps too home a question, and might have been misconstrued : and now it was answered without asking! How lucky! When men got to be thirty years of age — ami he looked n» much as that— one could' never be &t; any certainty. " Your fat her, I gather, is also dead, Baron? she began again. " He diod many years ogp. Tbc Baron got up and stepped away ; perhaps be was tired of being asked questions ; took a small telescope from bin pocket, and stood look ing at the sea. Presently he put it up again, turned hack to the bench, and sat down at tho other end ; which brought birn next to Dolly. She was knitting a sock, and be begau talking to her about it. " For a littlo brother or sister, perhaps, made- moisello?" " Yos," said Dolly, her blue eyes brightening with tho success of the guess, as sho raised them to his. " I kuit all tho socks lor two or tbreo of the little ones. It is cheaper than buying, and thev la.4 longer." " You have two or three brothers, then — or sisters, are they ?" " I have ever so many," laughed Dolly. " Four brothers and four sisters ; wo are nine in all." " Aro you the eldest of thorn ?" " Yes, the very oldest. The four boys come after mo, and then thu littlo girls. Mamina often says she is thankful that I came before the boys. " "But why?" " Ob, hocauso I can help her; I can do so much for them all. A boy could not have done anything." " So you aro a very industrious young lady 1" " I have to ho," said Dolly simply. " And oh, you don't know — you can t guess — how de lightful it is to have a holiday, and to be at the seaside. I never saw the sea before ; and now I wish I could always see it." Dolly spoko out in her enthusiasm. Her eyes were bent on her knitting ; she was thinking of home, 'i be Baron's oyes were bent on her, and the other girls saw it. " You had better go in now, Dolly," said Miss Lydia. " Aunt Charlotte may bo wanting you." And Dolly took up her hall of wool and >yqnt slowly off, knitting as she went. "She is not your bister, is she, that' young lady ?'' asked the Baron. " Oh dour, no !" they all screamed at once, wondering at tho littlo discernment of men, oven ( of real French barons. They displayed an elabo rate toilette in all the fashion ot the day ; Dolly bad nothing on but a pink gingham, already washed to paleness. Their head-gear was brist ling with fcathcrsand steel bugles and cockatoo tufts ; Dolly's straw hat had a bit of ribbon twisted round it. "Our sister ! my dear Baron ! how could you ! She is only Dorothy Krane, a very distant cousin." " Dorothy lvranc," repeated the Baron. "Krane ?" "Yes: rather an odd name, is it not? — spelt with a K. Wo call her Dolly." When Miss Ilamlet heard that the newly ar rived guest was a French baron she felt doubt ful. "I tbink," she observed to her nieces, " that you had better not cultivate any acquaint ance with lain. He was very pleasant and affable last nightat the dinner table ; but it is well to bold foreigners at a distance." " Good gracious, aunt !" exclaimed tho young ladies. "Why, wo have been talking to him out tliero all the morning 1" For this conversa tion occurred on this same day whon tboy came in at luncheon time. " Especially foreign noblemen," went on Miss Hamlet; "barons and counts, and such like. It happens sometimes that the titles are only put on, and that those who assume them are but ad venturers. I have heard toll of such things." " Now, Aunt Charlotte ! can you suppose such n thing of this one? His very looks, bis manners, might tell you be is a perfect gentleman." " Some years ago, Lydia, a foreigner came to FlagLrook, and took tho best rooms in the place. I forget his name ; in fact, hone of us oyer quite got at its truo pronunciation : it sounded like (Jrassaco, and that is what wo called it— the Count de Cnifisaco. He seemed to be a gentle man, nbo periect, as ypu phrase it, with i>L<ck moustachios that curled upwards, and a lisp. He stayed three months in the place, the young vil- Kin, making iovc to all the girls, and winning their brothers' money at pool, and cards and i billiards : and he ran away at last without pay ing for bis rooms, or for any of the provisions that had been furnished by tho tradespeople. Now that's true, girls ; and I havo suspected titled foreigners ever since." Tho girls laughed. "Did ho make love to you, Aunt Charlotte?" "No, I was too old for him, Ievpoct,"saidAunt Charlotte, good-huiuotedly. "I was between thirty aud forty then : it must be fifteen years ago. But that is all true, I say. I would havo you bear it in. mind, and not allow this Baron de Foverel to driit into any intimacy with you." " De Fierreville, auut : not Fevercl." "It comes to tho samo. For the matter of that, it may not he his name at all. Just recol lect one thing, my dears, that he is bero without any introduction—any friend to answer for bim or countenance him." ' "lie landed from Captain Close's yacht, he told ns," remarked Rosa. " Just so," said tho elder lady, "but Captain Closo. if thero is such a personage, did not stay to confirm this, or his yacht either. He may have landed from tho excursion steamer ; one tomdiod here yesterday afternoon, you know ; and not from any yacht at all. What aro you lookiug so serious about, Dolly?" " I was only thiuking, Aunt Charlotte, that he is what lie seems — what he says," reiiiied Dolly. "He has a truthful face and voice; I 'don't think he couhl bo fleaeitful. And X was only trying to recplleot irkctro I bad keard tb? — de Fierreville. When young Mr, Pender mon- tinned it tbia morning, it ntruck mo »s bcinfi somehow not quite etrange to mo. " Any wny, I ilesire Hint you will all be upon your euard," I-onelil'led Aunt Charlotte. To which advice tho .Mita Tatrercla took earn not to listen. " Oolly's right in that. ou can t donht him," they sai'l to ono anothor. If a prince came down here, annt, in her old-lvhionoJ notions, would loll us not to dance with him r And heuco'orth tho throe Miss li.ffercls the baron under their especial charge, llthor young I, -.dies slaying at the hotel couhl hardly get near him. They sat by l»m at dinner, Dolly being displaced — I.V'lia to-, lay, Rosa, to-morrow, Julia tho nest day. They surrounded nm in the daytime ; they tulkcd to him under thu M|t of tho moon. Twice over they got him to tahc thorn for a sail. Ono thing thoy did not yet succeed in — selling him to danoe. When the 'inadrilles and waltzes were going on at night, the Baron would l,o out of doors with that object, ouahlo tutor, who was over middle ago i and wore spec tacles. The Miss Talfcrcls did not like tho learned mail Bt all. V, hat ngbt bad musts old scholars lo ho at a gay watcring-placc . Anothor who did not Ircinont tho daneing- rooin wua Dolly : hut this was no fault of hen. Miss Hamlet disapproved of mdisonrainuto dunciDtf, as she did of indiscriminate flirting > and Dolly was only allowed to sit by and look on. " Your papa would not approve of it any more than I d„, my duar," said iliss Hamlet, evening by evening, to Dolly. - ,t ... Tho Baron accepted tho patronago of tho Miss Taffcrcls calmly, giving as m:b attontjon to ono sister as to another. Being tho Baron cle biorroj villo (unless Miss Hamlet's doubts were true), and a very good-looking and agrcoabio man, I bo chances were that lio was no stranger to tuo homage of young ladies. Thus a week wore on. Mies Iliunlot, finning ber nieces did not keep the Baron at a respectful disluuce, in spite of her advice, washed her hands of them for giddy, billy girls, and rot her hoped that seme fine morning, upon jotting up, it woulu be fooml that tho Baron had disappeared during tho night, as well a the hotel forks and spoons. It would teach them what foreigners wcro worth. , „ ... " Yon, Dolly, will at any rate obey inc. Miss Hamlet said, " and keep yourself out of tho way of th:»t Frenchman." But Dolly had no need of tho injunction. Sho felt so ashamed ot the way hor relatives cot upon him th»ifc bIio novcr will ingly wont within range of his sight, putting aside tho fact that the Miss Tuftorels took caro she should n «t go. , . . Somo days went on. One morning, when the sun was pouring down on tho beach, the thrco girls stood thfcre, hoping for the presence of tho BaroD. Presently ho loomed into viow, Bid o by side with that silent, uninteresting, spectacled tutor. . " Is it not hot, Baron ?" exclaimed Lvdia. " Vory." replied' the Baroh. " It will bo broil- ing by-and-bye." " But you pay you don't caro for the lieatyott know," put in Rosa. " Top a ay you like it. "I like hot weather ; it is noarly sure tp "8 .sunny weather. Sometime? it is too hot for me. YPo now and then cot quite tropical heat here, just a fow days of it ; not every summer, though." " We had Bomo of it Instyeor, I romemhor, said Ju I in. 44 Jt was in June." "I remember it too." ho slowly replied, bis eyesfc'ikius a lUougutfnl look over the sea, " O were in Switzerland. It was hot; wo could hardly bear it." , . " You iji'y we, Baton,' commented Miss Lydia. " Arc you npcaking of your mother? " Oh, no. Of my wife." # . "Your—wife?" repeated Lydia, in akmd of choking tone. " Did you sav your wife." "Yos," he answered, turning to her. My poor mother died long before that.' # " Now I will Icavo tho intelligent reader tojudgq of tho effect this avoval hud on tho Baron s fair hearers. Ho wont strolling further down the beach with tho tutor, and tlnoo youugJadiesmado their communis. " What a shameful thing !" "To bo staying hero un »o r false pretences ! " Aunt Charlotto is right. Those foreigners aro nearly all of them preiemkr," " Ho has coino cruising off in that yacht from Dieppe to amuse himself, leaving his poor wife to .tho solitude of tho chateau ! And ho flirts her© and flirts thero, never giving the smallest hint that he i3 a married ina n— suppressing it, in fact. Oh, it is infamous !" " Stay a moment, Lydia. Don't you remember he said one day he was alone at homo ; that tho chateau contained only two or three old ser vants?" " It is all of a piece," retorted Lydia. " He is starring it hero under false colors. And if his wife is not loft to tho home solitude, sho ia starring it somewhere upon her own account, tako my word for that. Small blame to her. as Mrs. O'Afalley says. Serves him right ! Well, I do hate and despise deceit ! A special pillory ought to Ho invented for it." Tho young ladies went indoors. In a tacit sort of way they united to hide their mortification, and to say nothing of the discovery. Let some or tho other girls get taken in! As if to reward their magnanimity, a troop of fresh nude guests arrived that day at the hotel, two of them looking parti cularly eligible : so tho Baron wag left in peace by tho Miss Taffciels. Tbc following morning, when they hud gone for a drive with their aunt, Dolly took her knitting j and sat down under tho awning on tho beach. It | was n lovely day, not quite so hot as yesterday : the sun shouc on the sands, but it was tempered by a breeze that blew over tbesoa. Children were playing about, young mon and women strolled by the rocks, picking up shells and seaweed. Out at sea a low white sails glittered in the sun ; a dis tant steamer passed smoothly along, seeming to touch the horizpn. A dainty yacht 'was making towards tho littlo landing-place ; some fishing smacks Were putting put. It v/us a charming picture of life at the sea shore; a life which is healthy because it is pleasant, and pleasant in that it is lazy. " Oh, how delightful it is?" breathed Dolly aloud, when she had gazed lone at the sceno. "If I could but sce.it always ! If we did but live near the sea?" " Sometimes tbc sea is gloomy and rough/ said a voice at her elbow. " How would you like it then. Miss Krone?" He came into view from behind the awning, and sat down, the Baron de Fiorrorille, startling Dolly. She bad seen bira go off by an omnibus after breakfast, and did not know he was back again. " I think I should like it always," she an swered, with deprecation. "Rough or smooth, tho sea must be always beautiful, We cannot have fair weather every day, and must tako the bad with the good." " Ay ; that's philosophy. How is it that yon have run awiy from me of late?" Dolly blushed totlietipsof her busy fingers. "I bavo a good deal to do for Aunt ilarulot ; she wants nio to read to ber, and to give her my arui when she walks," answered Dolly. " Whore aro yonr cousins this rooming ?" " They aro gono out for a drive with my aunt." " Was there not room for you?" ff Not any," said Dolly. " I should havo mado five. It would have crushed their now cambric dresses." Dolly's dress tbia morning was a simple cotton with pretty blue sprigs upon it. Tho Baron sat in silence for a few moments looking at ber, so unpretending, so fresh and fair, with her clear, pleasant face shaiied by its beautiful bairi " Do you like your cousins ? " be asked. " Oh, very much.' They are truly kind, .and they give mo h great many things. Did you notice— but of course you did not. How foolish lam!" " Now please to tell me what you were going to say, Miss Krane. Did I notice what?" Dolly blushed again. " You must forgive mo ; I spoke without thought. It was only whether you happened to notice a new silk dress I came down to dinuerin yesterday. Julia gavo it mo- It washers, end she said I might aiter it for myself, for people must be tired of seeing me in the grey. Oh, they pre very kind, very nice ; you would like them better and better the moro you know of them " "They are rich, I suppose ?'' "Well, yes : rich, at least, as compared with me. Aunt Charlotte says they aro giddy and talk too much," added Dolly, hoping to offer an excuse for the younga ladies' behavior .to her hearer. " But they will remedy that, you know, as thoy got older." The Baron laughed. 1 You younc ladies don't put old heads on young shoulders yet awhile, do you, Miss Krane 4 Why, T suppose you are not mei© than 19?tM Dolly looked up in surprise. "I am 22." He suppressed a smile. "Is your father a clergyman?" ho asked, after a pause. " Yes. Ho is the rector of Rlagbrook." " The Reverend Abel ICrano ? " YeV repeated Dully, wondering. "I thought it might be so the name, Krane, is not a very common one, you see. I believe I know hiui. Rathor more than a yo.tr ago ha was doing duty in Switzerland. I was staying there, and 'made' acquaintance with hiui." " It is quie truo 1" said Dolly, her face beam ing with delight. "Papa had nearly broken down with tho borae work, and somebody kindly got bim a chaplaincy abroad for & month, and ho went tliero with mamma. And 1 am sure now that I have heard him mention you, I thought the name was familiar to iny ears. How glad I aru !" , Dolly could not have nchued why sho was gjad; partly, perhaps, at meeting some one who knew hcr'father : partly ai tho conviction this brought her that Aliss Hamlct'a doubts were without foundation, that tho Baron was what he appeared to be. " And now you will no longer he afraid of me, or lo upon ino as a fire- tailed bashaw," quoth He, smiling. " Dolly blushed hotly. " Didyqu £ee much of papa ?— -did you like liim ?' 41 I liked him, indeed ; but I did not see much of bim. I was at the place but a week or ten days." # " Hal'oa, de Fionevjlie ! Won't you como for a sail ? It's a glorious day for it." The interruption was mode by some of the gen tlemen staying at the hotel. The Baron rqse, said good morning to Dolly, and wont to thoro. Dolly found herself quite at liberty now to stroll out when sho would, and to talk to the Barou, if bo cliosc to taik to her ; hor cousins no longer interfered to prevent it. Very ortcu indeed, wbco she was hitting on the beach, or under the rocks, or strolling on tho sands to pick up shells for the young ones fit home, did ho join her , and somehow Dolly grow to love the meetings. One evening at sunset a yacht put in, Jte owner, Captain Close, camo to' the hotel and found his friend the Baron. After dinnor, when Miss Hamlet was sitting out of doors in tho fttft twilight, a fleecy white shawl on ber shoulders, Captain Clone, throwing iuv>y the end ol his cigar, chanced to sit down in .the next chair. " You are not with tho dancers, «ir," said A! fas TIamlet, wishing to be sociable. " Not to-night, ma'am. The yonng ladies mighthnrdly caro to dunce with aman ina rough piloL jacket. I only dime up to find do Ficrres ville, and did not putinysclf &hip- fihane.;" All in a moment it struck Miss Ilainlcl that she could not do better than question thic tailor, with tho frank speech and bonc't wcather-beatcu face, about the Baron. And she did so. " Is he what he passes for, would you «pk ?" repented Captain Close, in much surpriso, when lie listened. "He is George, Barun do ntarrc- villc. just as surely :»s that I urn Richard Close, commander in Her Majesty's navy — for I aur. not captain yet, worse luck, though people give me the titloon shore. Why, what clsodid you hake him for, ma'am /' a . Miss Hamlet made a fow apologies, explaining a littlo that cautious peoplo did not, n$ ft rule, put absolute trust in barons and coanto, when they were unknown ; that such gentlemen lived bv their wits: and sho wound up by usking whether the Barou iu question was poor. " That's ns may ho ; people's notions on. riches differ, you mast know, ma'am," said tho sailor. "The Fierreville estates bring in two thousand pounds clear yearly ; and that's an uncommon good income for France, .though it might not ho thought much of here at home. Added to that, thero was a groat deal of money that bad accu mulated botween the late Baron's doutli and this one's coming of age, which is placed, us I chance to know, in good securities, Oh, yes, ho Is well off; wish I had half as much." "Yon appear to know him well, sir." # ; "I do, mft'ain ; have known him over since ho was in petticoats. There was some distant ro- Intionshipbolwoen my people and his lute mother, who was a Close before stio married ; though I'll bo shot if I know what It was; and I've often played at CUAloau Fierreville. It's a finu place." . All this was genuine truth ; and Mibs Hamlet, wishing to be just, informed ber three nieces before going to bed that sbo found she had mis judged the Baron, who was a real baron and not an adventurer. The young ladies threw their heads, into tho air. " All tbc same," they said to one miothor, " lie is doing Briglitw&ler; under abominably false colors," Early (he next morning Captain Closets yacht went out, carrying the Baron with it. And ho had never condescended to tako leave of any body ! "Juftt tho manners that might be ex pected of him," exclaimed Lydia. Dolly was pacing the terrnco in the twilight, feeling very down at heart, for which she could not at nil account, Hie others being in tho dancing-room, when she saw the Baron Approach from tho boacli. At first she was not sure but it might bo his ghost; and what with that, or something else, every pulse she possessed began to boat at i'cvor-hcat. " J thought you had left," alio said, timidly, "purely not! Wo have been out fhr a day's saiL Clow wants to c-trry mo olf to-morrow lor good," ho add©d, "but I tell him I am .not ready." Dolly, jinked up at the Btars, just making their appearuiicb in the sjcy Sho had nothing to aay in answer. He had lutced to walk by her sid'». "How much longer will yoar party be staying bore, do you suppose, ?»tis Krane?" "Only two or three dav," sighed Dolly. " Wo have been hero nearly four weeks." " Shall you be sorry to leave ?" "Oh, vory. For some things," added Dolly, quickly — "the sea, and the holiday life. But I shall bo very glad to go homo again. I can not think what my motbor lias dono without mo." " What will she flo without you — lator?" , "Later 1" echoed Dolly, not understanding. "When you marry," Hot blushes dyed her cbeoks. "That will never be," sho answered, when sho could speak quietly, " I am not likoly to marry." " Do you think not? Why?" 1 do not suppose anybody will ask me." " But why not, Miss Dolly? Come, please tell ine." " For ano Hring, thore is not anybody in Sta- brook who would be in the leastlikcly to--I can t remember one — not that ( have thought about it — or— at all suitable, "stammered Dol'y, obedient, as usual, but wishing he would not say things to confuse her. M And for another thing-r-r-" She came to a standstill. ' " Well, what i« tho other thing?" " I mean that I have not any money : not any at all. You most pardon me for saying those things. I don't care to speak of them — if you will please not to question me." He laujrbcd a littlo. " Flow would you like to live in France?" ho nsked. "In a large and ' pleasant bouse not far from the sea— which can be seen from its windows." The tono he spoko in was very peculiar — cu riously tender : and' Dolly blushed hotly. "I— I must go in, "sho said, " Aunt Char- lotto will be angry with mo." But the Baron did not. let her go. He caught her hand as she was turning, and stood holding it in hie. . " Why do you want to run away from me, Miss Dolly? Do you know that I left Closo and the yacht on pnrpose to come to you ? Let mo tell you a little about this bouse in France." Four or five young men loomed on the terrace, smoking their ci&u-s.; Seeing the Baron, they colled to bim, and Dolly escaped indoors. "Conic back, has he?" commented Miss Lydia Taffercl. " He might have stayed away for all the ornament he is here, or the good ho docs us." " My dear, don't .be severe," reproved Aunt Charjolte. " At one time you seomed, All threo of you, to think tho Baron was an anol, if I may apply the word to a young man. Latterly you have been almost rude to liim." " Well, aunt, and with cause. Here be came, flourishing amidst us, never saving who he was i or what ho was, passing himself off for a bachelor — : " "Stay a moment, Lydia. You talk too fast. How did he ' pass himself off' for a bachelor? I suppose you mean that yon girls took up the no tion that ho was one?" " Anyway, he did not say he was a married man," fired Lydia. "He ought to have let it be known that he was. It was a piece ox auda cious deceit.'-' "Is ho married?" " He is. He began talking to us the other day about bis wife/' " And pray, iny dears, what possible difference can it make to yon whether lie is married or not?" demanded Aunt Charlotte, lookiug at tbem over her spectacles, "Ton would not, any one of you, think of a' French baron for youroclvcs, I oxpcctr— not even you, Lydia. . . Of course not /" retorted Lydia, with em- phasis. " You don't understand things, Aunt Charlotte. Tbo world is becoming too much ad vanced for you." ' think its young peoplo (ire," retorted Aunt Charlotte ; and sho said no more. But Dolly, listening to this from a distant corner, turned as white as a sheet. Her dream was over. So that she was not very much pleased when bIib saw the Baron coming towards her the fol lowing afternoon. Dolly had her full share of good sense, as of proper pride, and 6he knew that the .Baron de Fierrcvijlo, a married man, bad not spoken to her like- a gentleman the pre vious evening on the terrace ; no, nor at one or two other times. Miss Hanriet and the girls had gone for u drive again. Dolly did not often get a chance of going ; and efie took tbo zig-zag, circuitous path to a seat in the mi Idle of the rocks— a solitary place, rarely invaded by the visitors. But the Baron musb have. watched her, for presently «ho saw bim climbing up perpen dicularly. Fright put other things out of her head. " Oh, pray, pray do not try to come up that way V" she cried out in an agony, expecting every moment to see bira faJJ backwards. " Oh, why will you do it ?" But he gainod tiic ledge and the seat without mishap. There were rocks near his own homo, and he bad climbed tbem from a child. " Did you fear for ine ?" he aakod, in a low, sweet touo. Doily was very pale. " I thougfiit it a hazard ous thing to do," sho answered. " I tbiuk it still." " But I wanted to como to you. I want to tell you about iny home in France— we were in terrupted by those mon last night Do you think you should feel altogether unhappy if I asked you to come and live in it with me, Miss Polly ?" Dolly put her work into its littlo basket, and rose from her seat to depart. " Baron de Fierreville," she stayed to say, her very lips be coming whiter, " will you allow me to ask what j'our wife would think ox tbia, conld sho hear you?" \ " But she can't 'hear me/ said the Baron, storing. ' a ' ' ' . . Dolly burst into ioars of agitation. "Be so good as to ict me pass, sir. I took you for a gentleman ; 1 did indeed ; and you told me you knew and esteemed my father !" But what do you mean Y be asked, in as tonishment. 41 How have I offended you ?" 11 It has been all very bad — on your part," re torted Dolly, in trembling accents. " To excuse yourself by saying to my face that your wifo cannot bear you is worst of nil." "Why, hoV can she hear?" persisted the Baron. " The Roman Catholics believe that tbo saints and angels hoar "our prayers: I am not sure but wo Protestants do. If my poor wife could hear every word I have ever said to you, she would rejoice rather than be sad. Noarly the last words she bicnthed to me contained a hope that I should find another wife to tore me as she had loved." It was now Dolly's turn to .stare, .as slip took in what (his implied. "Is your wife dead?" she faltered. 44 She will havo been dead a year on the 30th of this month," said the Baron. "Did you not know she was dead?" " No,' gasped Dolly, ft I hoard last night that sho was living, rieaso forgive me for showing anger." He drew her baok to tjio ecut bcside him, put his arm round her waist, perhaps by way of sup port, and let her havo ber cry out " Your father and mother could have told you, niv dear, that when tboy saw my wife with me in Switzerland she was nearly in the Inst stage of co/isumptiou. All hope of recovery was then over. And, Dolly, I feci sure they liko me ; I think they will nob mind your Coming home to ,the chateau." For the first time that . evening the Baron ap reared in tho dancing-room. Ho approached Dolly silting nearly behind the window curtain, " Yon will give mo a dance," he whispered. "I do not know what Aunt Charlotte would say," hro.thcl Dolly, in answer. 14 1 will make pea o with Aunt Charlotte. Come ! Why," laughing, as she still hesitated, "a short while and you will have to obey mo of right. Remember that, iny darling." Nobody could believe tboir eyes. Tho Baron in the room at treading a measure with Dolly Krone I With Dolly Kruno, of all peoplo 1 The measure was a waltz, and Dolly's pretty whito skirts, for ah had put on hor beat robo that evening, floated about hor oh rIio moved ronnd in tho Thiron's arms, and hor eyes wero cast down timidly, and hor facn was blushing. Miss Hamlet had never been so much surprised in all her life ao she was that evening, when, bemg alone in tho little card-room, she found the Baron de Ficrruvillc, bowing deeply defore hor, a la mode i'ranyiixc, telling her that Dolly had promised to bo his wife. And that whon sho, Miss Hamlet, left Rrightwatcr with tho yonng ladies tho noxt day but one, he should beg per mission to accompany them on his way to Slag- brook Rectory, to explain matters lo the Reverend Mr. Krone and his wife, and to ask them lo part with Dolly. "A French baron!" gnspsd Miss Hamlet to ber nieces, when thoy got into the privacy of her own room. "Oh dear I I said I did not know what would come of it." The young ladies turood oil matmor of colors, and mado their comments on tho Baron with characteristic freedom. " Not married !" they shrieked in chorus. "A widower ! His wifo hcon dead a year ! — why, then, did he lead people to kupposo she was not deud ?— to speak of hor, as he once did to us, as Hvinol Oh, what a wicked man! — an accom plished deceiver ! Wo wish you joy of your prize, Dorothy Krane !" 