THE PROPER ATTITUDE OF THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND TOWARDS THE QUESTION OF SUNDAY OBSERVANCE. The Very Rev. H. B. Macartney, D.D., Dean of Melbourne. ? Before we can offer an opinion on this question, we must en i deavour to ascertain what Scripture warrants we have for supposing that the observance of the Sabbath is in any sense or degree binding upon Christian people. Nothing can be stronger than the statements of the New Testament with regard to the deliverance of those under the gospel from the ordinances of the law of Moses — that is, from the law, for no other law has been given of God, beyond the general command to love God and to love our neighbour. When (Acts xv. 5) the question was raised as to the position of the disciples of Christ with regard to the law, the council, guided by the Holy Spirit, decided to require of the Gentile converts only certain observances, of which the keeping of the Sabbath was not one. Believers are said to be (Rom. vii. 4 and Gal. ii. 19) ' dead to the law,' ' delivered from the law.' Christ has (Eph. ii. 15) ' abolished in his flesh the law of commandments con tained in ordinances ;' and not only are we described as free from the law, but an endeavour to return to its ' weak and beggarly elements' is, we are told, a virtual renunciation of our standing under the gospel (Gal. iv. 9), and we are com manded to ' stand fast in the liberty wherewith Christ has made us free, that we be not entangled again in the yoke of bondage.' It is evident from these and a multitude of similar passages that we are not only free from the Mosaic law, but are absolutely forbidden by our allegiance to Christ to; adopt its ordinances or ceremonies ; so that we have no more to do with such passages as (Ex. xxxv. 3) — 'Ye shall kindle no fire throughout your habitation on the Sabbath Day,' or Num. xv. 32, where we are told a man was put to death for gathering sticks on the Sabbath Day, than we have with the command to go up to Jerusalem to sacrifice, or to wear on our garments a ribbon of blue. Passing, then, from the law given by Moses, we ask what light the other Scriptures throw on the subject. First. Let any one open the Bible with a desire to learn what he can do as an act of obedience to the divine command, as revealed in the Word, and as distinguished from the law of nature, and as the first hint on the subject, he will find it written — ' God blessed the seventh day, and sanctified it ;' and, though there is no express mention of the day till after the exodus, the week is referred to in Noah's sending out the dove from the ark, and in the time allowed for Leah's wedding festivities. Second. It is evident that the Israelites recognised the Sabbath before the giving of the law, for the bulk of the people would not try to gather manna on that day, and their obedience was honoured by a double supply on the previous morning, and the non-observants punished by their finding no food when they went to seek it. Third. The Ten Commandments, though imbedded in it, were entirely distinct from the Mosaic law. They were spoken by God Himself to the whole camp of Israel, whereas the law was given to Moses and by him to the people. They were written on stone by the finger of God ; it was written by Moses in a book ; and, as if anxious to mark the distinction, when Moses in Deuteronomy is reminding the Israelites of God's dealings with them, and commands to them, after re peating the decalogue as spoken by God, he says emphatically — ' And He added no more.' The Ten Commandments stand apart from and above the law, even as the Mount of Olives, that once guarded and adorned the temple in its glory, now stands unscathed above the spot where its ruins lie buried in the earth. Fourth. The action and language of our blessed Lord with regard to the day are very remarkable. He was not come to put a new piece on an old garment, to patch the ordinances of the law of Moses ; and, consequently, though He denounced the moral evils of the priests and rulers, He never assailed the superstitious usages or childish ceremonies which they had added to the law, because all was soon to pass away. But it was not so with the Sabbath. Early in his ministry He announced that the Sabbath was not merely a Jewish ordinance made for the Jews, but that it was u made for man,' and announced that He, the only Begotten of the Father, was Lord of that holy day, and as its Lord He stood to show how He would have it observed — as a day of rest to the wearied body, of blessing1 to the wounded1 spirit. When He rebuked the licentious multitude, the rulers smiled ; when He checked the pride of the Pharisee, the people applauded; or when He exposed the infidelity of the voluptuous Sadducee or the courtly Herodian, every patriot's heart blessed the bold Assertor of his country's faith and of his country's honour ; but when He touched the Sabbath, when He showed that it was 'lawful to do well on the Sabbath Day,' that mercy to a brother or sister was dearer to God than ritual observance, that the inward was more than the outward, the deepest feelings of every Jew were touched, and the argu ment, ' This Man cannot be of God because He keepeth not the Sabbath Day,' went home to every Jewish heart. And yet again and again He sacrificed the popularity of his other wise welcome message, and prepared the. way to the cross, by one act after another to show how the Father would have his day of rest observed. Why? Because the Sabbath was for man, and was to stand God's witness to the ends of the world, when the temple and all its ordinances should be swept away. Fifth. But, granting all this, why change the name of the day ? The seventh day marked the conclusion of the work of creation ; the first, the commencement of the reign of redemption. On that day the Saviour rose from the dead. . j Neglecting that day, Thomas lay in the darkness of unbelief j till the return of that first day. Twice the apostolic record, ; or the apostolic message, bears testimony to the observance l of that day while the witnesses of the resurrection lived, and 1 that day, emphatically called ' the Lord's Day,' was chosen j by our blessed Master to reveal to the beloved John the I mysteries of the coming time. The week changes as the earth revolves on its axis, but each Christian land begins its week with the loosing the bonds of earthly toil and with the voice of prayer and praise. Whether, then, we look at the original appointment* of the Sabbath at creation ; its re-enactment at Sinai ; at our Lord's declaration that it was made for man, not for only one tribe or ,time ; at the efforts He made to show how He would have it observed ; at the reasons from revelation and from nature ; Ayhicli led to the supposed change from the seventh to the first day of the week ; at the honour put upon that first day by our Lord's resurrection, and by his first manifestation .after that event, and at his selection of that day for the opening out of his purposes to the ' disciple whom He loved,' we must conclude that it is the will of God that the first day of the week should be set apart as holy, till faith is swallowed ? up in sight, and we enter upon the eternal Sabbath which remains for the people of God. The view of the Church of England on this subject is unquestionable. In the seventh article she declares that 'No \- Christian man whatsoever is free from the obedience of the .commandments that are called moral,' and she directs that the Ten Commandments should be read every Sunday by her ministers, and that after each commandment the prayer, \- ' Incline our hearts to keep this law,' should be repeated by all her people. If it be conceded that the Church of England recognises the Sabbath as God's ordinance, the inquiry, ' What should be the attitude of the Church of England with regard to the questions of the day on this subject ?' is exclusively practical. Casuistry is not the outgrowth either of Scripture or of the Church of England. Both lay down general prin ciples, and leave it to the conscience of .the individual to carry these principles into practice ; therefore to attempt to prescribe a particular line of conduct would be an attempt to be wise above that which is written; and, for reasons which I will presently endeavour to point out, in no case is the precept, ' Let every man be firmly persuaded in his own mind,' more binding than in this. One duty, however, clearly belongs to the Church as a col lective body. To the utmost of her power she is bound to see that no person is on that day called to unnecessary labour, either by the hope of gain or by the fear of loss, and that no one be allowed to allure others, by the attractions of pleasure or the fear of ridicule, to amusement or recreation of any kind .which may be inconsistent with the exercise of prayer and praise, or the enjoyment of conversation on the things of God. Doubtless she will not, under the present dispensation, be able to; accomplish this, but to the utmost of her power and influence she should labour to this end. It is evident that some work must be done. We must eat ; we must clothe ourselves ; the cradle of infancy or of ' declin ing age' must be attended to ; the sick and the helpless must be cared for ; and the very ' assembling of ourselves together' involves a certain degree of exertion. Christian wisdom will minimise all these, so that we may do as little work, and call on others to do as little work, as in our present con dition is possible, keeping within the limits which our Lord has assigned, necessity to ourselves, devotion to God, and mercy to others. It is argued that many use the rest badly, and that, therefore, we should force, or induce, some to work' that others may enjoy. The argument comes to this — that the command to rest on one day of the week was a mis take, and that we of the nineteenth century must correct it. .We are assured that, if such and such concessions be granted, no more will be sought. Of course not, till they are granted ; but then the remaining restraints will be assailed just as the present are. Many of the great seaports in Europe are sur rounded by a mole, and beyond that by an outer breakwater, and along that breakwater the billows rage and toss them selves, and often overleap the barrier ; and all along, the line is marked by the peculiar fury of the waves and the white foam of the breakers, while all within is peace. Remove the barrier, and the storm rages within the harbour, and the inner mole becomes the object of the fury of the troubled sea. No one is so foolish in physical matters as to imagine that the break water causes the storm, or that its removal would still the roar of the elements. But, alas ! too many imagine that by concession you can still the fury of human passion, and make ungodly men love the restraints that remain. As surely as the waves will beat against the inner harbour when the break water is removed, so surely will the advocates of Sabbath desecration rage more furiously, and with greater prospect of success, against any remaining barrier, if present restraints be removed. The case of the individual is different. God says (Ezek. xx. 12) He has given his Sabbaths to be a sign between Him and his people ; and, in the absence of the altars, images, and pictures of heathen or Romanising countries, or the public acts of private devotion of Mohammedanism, the quietness of the Sabbath is, in a Christian nation, the one outward.- and visible sign that the Lord is recognised as God. The same ordinance seems to be a sign between God and those who are really his. In the concluding verses of Isa. lviii. He says : — ' If thou turn away thy foot from the Sabbath, from doing thy pleasure on My holy day, and call the Sabbath a delight, holy of the Lord, honourable, and shalt honour Him, not doing thine own ways, nor finding thine own pleasure, nor speaking thine own words, then shalt thou delight thyself in the Lord.' Here, then, we have the sign. It is easy for a man to turn away his foot from the Sabbath, from doing his own pleasure ; easy to, so far, honour God by not doing his own ways, or finding his own pleasure, or speaking his own words ; easy to do this, but what will such a Sabbath be to him? With one voice a large proportion of our population are ready to exclaim— 'A weariness — a day of gloom and sadness — an intolerable burden.' Again, there are those to whom the day that relieves them from the pressure of business^ from toil of body or mind, is a day of enjoyment. Friends meet friends ; the beauties of nature and of art charm the sight and interest the mind ; society, music, excursions, feasting, all make the day truly a delight ; but can such persons persuade themselves that they are not finding their own pleasure or speaking their own words? No. The children of the world in Christian countries must always be divided into two classes — between those who make the Sabbath a day of revelry, and thus call it a delight, and those who try to make it in some sense holy to the Lord and honourable, and yet say in their* inmost hearts, ' What a weariness is it.' No ; it is only as men are taught of God to worship Him in spirit and in truth, to rejoice in Christ Jesus, and to have no confidence in the flesh — only as they are taught by the power of the Holy Ghost to know the love of God in Christ Jesus, that they can find greater enjoy ment in doing his pleasure than seeking their own ; only as the feet are guided to tread in the Saviour's footsteps ; that they can delight in not doing their own ways ; only as the lips are touched with sacred fire from the altar that they can rejoice in not speaking their own words. Thus, by our feelings with regard to this day we may in some degree judge of our state before God, and thus, and thus only, will our SabbathB be a foretaste of eternal, blessedness ; and thus, and thus only, will they be a preparation for the rest that remaineth for the people of God. ? ? .. , 