BIBLE CHRISTIAN CONFERENCES SEVEXTH DAY. The members assembled at 9.30 on Wednesday, March 1. After the devotional exercises Mr. Bourne submitted a revised list of his appointments while in the colony—a list that in his opinion would be an improvement upon that made by the committee. His revision was unanimously adopted by tbe Conference. The General Chapel Secretary presented his report, which showed "that a considerable ainomlfc had been raised in the chapel department for new erections and improvements, and also for the redaction of old liabilities; but that in many instances more attention is greatly needed in this department of our work." Seven new fhgypnjs had been opened daring the year, malting a total of 11s in the colony. The sitting accommodationprovided was 16,660 ; several chapels were hr course ©f erection; a number of enlargements and improvements -were also reported, besiaesthese there were 18 ministers' residence*, ft cottages and 17 schoolrooms. The total income had been £6,266 2s. 4d., and the total liabilities BOW stood at upwards of £20,000. After remarks by several members on the importance of using the utmost endeavours to lessen tbe debts in those oases where they were heavy, and -several explanations by the Secretary to questions pat 'to him, th* report was adopted and ordered to be entered in tk» journal of the Conference. The Missionary Secretary snbmitted his esti' mates of income and expenditare for 188B. He h^d prepared a list of grants to be made i» stations^ needing them and another list of receipts to come from all the circuits. These Oats wen subjected to severe and lengthened criticism, and they finally passed as follows:—Grants were mad* to North Adelaide, £28 10s.; Port Adelaide, £49; Gawler, £14; Mitcham, £29 {also towards furnlshine house £14); Port Elliot, £1710s ; Miffioent, £11; Buna, £22 ' Kapunda, £10; Hallett, £14; Kadin«, £20; Port Augusta, £1710s.; Wirrabam £14 (also towards furniture £14); Morchard and Orroroo, £8210s.; Qaorn. £32 30s.; Port German, £1710s. <elso towards furniture £19). Tbe income from the eiromite was set down as follows:—Adelaide, £10; North Adelaide, £20; Pert Adelaide, £15; Bowden. £40; Gawler, £35; Mitaham, £25; Mount Torrena, £16; Yankalilla, £20; Clarendon and Willanga, £15; Port Elliot, £20; Moant Lofty, £35 ; MUBeent, £10- Bnrra, £25; Auburn, £30; Kapunda, OS6 ; Eiverton' ; Hallett, £8; Kadioa, £12; Moonte, £30; Bala-" klava, £25; Kulpara, £10 ; Snowtown, £20; KeifiL. £10; Port Augusta, il2; Crystal Brook, £15: Gladstone, £15; Wilmington, £u; Winabara, £16 ; Morchard and Orroroo, £lfl; Quoin, £13- Port Ciermein, £10. Besolutions were adopted granting to Hampton and WiUuim Chapels pound for pound on all the funds that these places may raise during the year for reduction of debt. The English Conference was asked to give the Hera. James Bowe and James Stoyed, or either of them, authority to sell (in conjunctien with the trustees) Connexional property in the colony. ' The Sunday-school Secretary presented his report. It showed that there were in the colony 86 schools, £29 teachers, and 5,417 scholars, being an increase dtiring the year of 3 schools, SO teachers, and 409 scholars. It showed also that 162 of these had joined the Church during the year. The total income of {his department had been £94012s. 9d. and the expenditure £8*29 10s. <td_, leaving a balance in the hands of the Treasurers of £1112g. 5d. The committee had prepared a scheme for insurance of Connexional property against loss by fire After discussion it was decided to refer the scheme to the consideration cf the next District Meetines and Conference. Mr. THORNE submitted the following resolution-— " 1 hat we now place on record our sense of the greit sen ices rendered to the Connexion in the colony by our President, the Bev. F. W. Bourne. We reco'- nise with gratitude his high Christian character and give him our hearty thanks for his wise and Christian teachings and counsel. We learn with regret that his health has severely suffered of late j^ars from the English climate, and believing that the help of our brother would be of the greatest importance to our cause we give him a hearty and unanimous invitation to labour amongst us and affectionately request the English Conference to appoint Brother Bourne to labour in this colony " Ihis was seconded by Mr. ROWE. Several members supported the motion, and stated their earnest desire that Mr. Bourne would so express himself to the English authorities as to induce them to appoint him to labour in this colony. It wa« believed the change would be of great advantage to his health, and might preserve his valuable services to the Connexion for many years. The motioa was carried unanimously. Mr. BOURSE thanked the Conference for their good opmion of him. He could make no definite promise, but unless his health were better in the future than it had been in the past he should have to seek change, and there was no part of the world, so far as he now kr.ew, that he should choose in preference to South Australia. If the English Conlerence complied with their request he should be much pleased to come and labour with them in this colony. The BOOK STEWARD presented his report, but explained that he had not been afcle to understand the accounts left him by his predecessor, and that the Auditors had not yet completed their work. The report was referred back to the Auditors, who were instructed to complete their work and present the report to the General Committee. It was decided to publish a digest of the laws and regulations of the Connexion in this colony, and the Kevs. J. Bowe and T. Piper wtre appointed to prepare the same and to lay it before the next Conference. The Port Augusta District Meeting forwarded a resolution recommending Conference to arrange for the publication of a monthly denominational paper instead of the present quarterly magazine. After a brief discussion, in which it was shown that the proposal was altogether impracticable, the subject was allowed to drop. The same District Meeting also forwarded a resolution complaining in very strong terms of a certain article which had appeared in the magazine during the year, and especially of the Editor for allowing it to appear. One or two members spoke strongly on the subject; but as the general opinion appeared to be adverse to any measure being adopted, and as the PRESIDENT advised the matter be allowed to drop, Conference passed on te the next business. Conference sat beyond the usual time, and adjourned at 5'40. EKJIITH DAV. Conference resumed at 9 o'clock on Thursday morning. The Rev. J. THORNE read the address to the Churches, which had been prepared by the Rev J. Way. It was adopted and ordered to be printed with the minutes of Comerence. Bev. R. LAXG had prepared the address to the Canadian Conference. This he read. It was adopted and ordered to be printed. Rev. T.- HILLMAN read the address to *he English Conference which he had prepared. This also was adopted, and ordered to be printed. Rev. J. THORKE presented the report of the Trust Debts Relief Fund. He explained that, owimg to certain circumstances, he had not yet been able to complete his report. The report was adopted, subject to its being completed, and ordered to be entered in its proper place among the records of the Conference. The details of receipts and disbursements, as well as the balance-sheet of the various Connexional funds, were submitted by Mr. Stoyel and passed. The following committees and officers were appointed for the ensuing year:— Stationing Committee.—The ex-President, the Secretary, the Superintendents of Districts, T. Hillman, II. Lang, T. McNeil, W. W. Finch, and O. Lake. General Committee.—The ex-President, the Secretary, J. Way, J. Hancock, J. Trewin, J. Rowe, W. Richards, J. Thorne, J. G. Ashton, T. Hillman, J Ashton, W. Holland, C. H. Haggar, Ph.D., T. Richards, and R. Kelley. Trust Debts Relief Committee.—The same as the Gteneral Committee. Missionary Secretary, J. Thorne; Editor, T. Piper; Book Steward, C. H. Haggar; General Chapel Secretary, W. Richards; General School Secretary. J. Baymont; General Treasurer, J. Stoyel; Secretary of Trust Debts Relief Fund, J. Thorne; Treasurer, Hon. Dr. Campbell. Examiners.—In Watson's Institutes and Wayland's Moral Science, T. E. Keen; in English Literature and Logic, J. Baymont; in English £ible and the Sacraments, O. Lake ; in HomQetics and Church History, T. McNeil; in English History and Church Polity, J. Thome; in Hebrew Bible and Greek Testament, Dr. Haggar; in McCosh's " Moral Government of God" and Psychology, W. Richards. Mr. Richards presented the report of the Ministers' Annuitant Fund, which was adopted; and Mr. Richards and Mr. Lang were reappointed Treasurer and Secretary. Bev. James Bowe<the ex-President) was formally appointed to act for the Presidtnt in his absence from the colony. The PRESIDENT laid before Conference a pro- posal from an evangelical and temperance advocate in England to come and labour in this colony. He said the gentleman referred to had for many years been most successful in England in his evangelistic and temperance efforts. Several members of Conference stated that they knew this gentleman, and testified to his great usefulness in England. The following resolution was unanimously adopted :—"That we cordially invite Brother R. Coad to come an! labour in this i colony as an evangelist and temperance advocate. We feel the more free to do this as we understand from Brother Bowrne that he does not require us to enter into any financial engagements; but if he will come we will support him by all means in our power, and engage to do all we can to make his meetings successful-" The Revs. J. Stoyel, J. Havcock, Dr. Haggar, and Messrs. B. Gould, J. Ashton, and W. Long were appointed members of the Union College Council for the ensuing year. The Conference held a short session to allow the members the opportunity of relating their Christian experience, and the following resolution was adopted in relation thereto:—" That the members of this Conference desire to place on record their unabated confidence in God as their Heavenly Father, and in Christ as their Saviour, and in the Holy Ghost as their sanctifier; in their true love and sympathy they have for each other as Christian ministers and laymen ; and their desire and determination to devote themselves to the great work ef ireaching Christ's gospel aud extending His ringdom." It was directed that the course of studies for candidates and probationers, and rules for examination, be reprinted with the minutes of Conference. The question of a contribution to the funds of Union College was discussed, and referred to the General Committee. It was resolved—"That our most cordial thanks be presented to Brother Bourne for presiding ovpr the proceedings of this Conference; for the ability and judgment he has brought to bear upon every subject discussed; and for the spirit of love and of a sound mind which he has sought to infuse into all present." The thanks of the Conference were also presented to the Secretaries and to the friends who had very hospitably entertained the members during the sessions. The Doxology was sung and prayer offered by the President, and d the Conference closed at 2 p.m. A GIANT TOBACCO FACTORY.—About six years ago Messrs. Dixson & Sons, manufacturers of the celebrated " Conqueror" and "Yankee Doodle" brands, erected a Factory which was justly regarded as an ornament to the City (of Sydney). It has, Ixtwever, already proved too small for their rapidly increasing business, and we learn that the foundations of new premises are being laid. The coming structure will be six stories high, the land eon £20,000, and the first contract for tie shell of the building nearly £14,000. The strong preference exiubited by smokers in Soath Australia for the Conqueror has compelled Messrs. Dixson <fc Co to pur-" chase a central site in Adelaide, the whole front ee of which (66 feet) will be covered with a three-sto?y erection. 52thscvd 