NEWS AND NOTES. There is likely to be a prolonged silting of the City Police Court this morning, no fewer than 80 cases being set down for hearing. The majority of there are merely ordinary rate cases, while there are a few of greater import* auce, comprising & charge for desertion from hired service, Sunday trading, assault, plying for hire off the authorised stand, avid sundry debt cases. Wo were yesterday shown a letter received by a well-known citizen from his eon, who is employed on a largo station on the Lower D trliug. The epistle contains one or two im portaut items regarding the weather ln| the district named, and it appears that drought is being experienced to an alarming extent. The cninliy is completely parched, and both man and beast are suffering greatly from the ex* tromu heat of the atmosphere. For. weeks pust the thermometer has daily registered 118 degrees in the shade. Hot weather ia nob the only grievance sheep and cattle breeders hare to contend against, as there ia growing on tho banka of the river a kind of plant, known as the Darling pen, which is most injurious to horses -and other animals. It seems that'the pea has uu intoxicating effect, for it is no uncommon thing to see horses that are in tho habit of devouring it' frisking about in the bush in an indescribable manner, and in many instances they have bsen observed endeavoring to climb up,trees. After a horse lias taken cne or two feeds of this peculiar plant, he is, the writer of the letter states, not ever again much good for bard work. The pea docs hot affect sheep and cattle: to such an injurious extent as the horses, though it does not agree with them. To show what large tracts of country are-held by squatters in the Darling district, we may mention that the etatiou ; from which the letter referred to was dated, is half a million of acres in extent, and has 10 miles of river frontage. There are two homesteads on the station, but they are 60. miles apart, ■ and . with a pair of horses and light buggy it takes nine* hours j to travel from one house to the other. There is never any.grass on-this extensive: run,'the only herbage being salt bush upon which the sheep fatten amazingly. The. traffic returns on Victorian Railways for the week ending 2ud February were pro* pared on Wednesday. Tliey show that the total receipts • amounted. to ; £38,2*27 2s 6d, thus making the aggregate returns from Ist July, last year, £1,008,425 1 la 2d. The weekly average has been for that period £32,529 11s 2d.' The return for the corres ponding week of 1881 was v £38,263 9s 6d, but the decrease in passenger receipts Is stated at £2587 13s lid. This is attributed to the fact of the Exhibition last year causing a larger number of persons* to travel over the lines,. A distinguished clerical visitor arrived by. the 9 o’clock train from Melbourne last even* ing. The gentleman , referred to is the Rev.' Dr. A J. Messing, Jewish missionary from San Francisco. The rev. gentleman, who is an orator of • some repute, has been lecturing recently in Sydney and Melbourne. Mr Mes* sing was received at the Eastern railway station last evening by the Rev. I. M. Gold* reicb, rabbi, Ballarat, and Messrs Cohen (president of the Ballarat Jewish congregation) 1 and J. Phillips. A member of our staff also 1 accompanied those who assembled to welcome Mr Messing to Ballarat. Mr Messing is quite a young- man, is of low size, and possesses a cheerful countenance. He will conduct service at the Synagogue, Ballarat East, on Saturday morning next, at 10 o’clock. Further par* ticulars will appear in an advertisement. It is with some reluctance that we draw attention to the filthy condition of that portion of the No. 4 channel which runs underneath the Main road. The water course is at the pre* seat time in a frightful, state, and as the water has become stagnant in proximity to several dwellings, the inspector of nuisances in Balla-iat East should pay. the place a visit without delay. We are aware that the Town Council is just now engaged in several expensive under* takings, but we are of opinion that the nuisance referred to-should be remedied as soon as possible. We leave the matter in the hands of Sergeant M‘Pariand. In reference to. St. Stephen’s Church the Rev. H. T. Tranmar writes to explain as follows; —“ The chancel window was not given by me, but by the *Guild of St. Augustine,’ connected with All Saints’ Church, St. Kilda, at my solicitation, and through me.” The mystery of the apparent supernatural visitation which has been exercising the minds of residents of the Creswick road of late has been unravelled. Two young men courageously resolved to fathom the matter, and accordingly at a late hour on Wednesday evening visited the locality of its peregrinations. They sta* tiemed themselves on the footpath, and after several minutes delay the ghostly visitant advanced from the shelter of a tree-guard with solemn steps towards them. Not a muscle quivered, not a movement on the part of the youcg men, and gradually the unearthly* looking being drew near. At length, within a few feet of the men, the ghost stopped. A deathly silence prevailed, during .which the visitant transfixed their gaze, and with a sepal* chral look, slowly encircled them with the “ uuholy circle.” As the ghost walked round, the young fellows revolved seemingly fascinated with the magnetism of its presence. When the circle was completed, one of the men challenged the visitaut several times to answer questions concerning its name, rela tionship, and object iu walking abroad. No replies being vouchsafed, the interlocutor determined to end the matter. He struck a match, and held it directly in front of the visitant’s face, disclosing the features of a young woman of passable appearance. This person was clad in a light-blue shawl thrown over her head, and was apparently insane. The young men satisfied that a rather fleshly visitant was the promenading disturber of the neighborhood, left without capturing the woman. The annual outing iu connection with St. John’s Church of England Sunday-school, Soldiers’ Hill, took place yesterday. The place selected for the carrying out of the day’s amusements was the Botanical Gardens, at which place a considerable number of ex* cursionists assembled for the purpose of enjoy ing themselves. The picnickers were conveyed from Soldiers’ Hill to the gardens in waggons, audjthe ride appeared to afford the youngsters a considerable amount of enjoyment. The usual outdoor pastimes were-indulged in, and during the day refreshments were uu sparingly distributed. The excursionists re turned to town before night setin. Our Beaufort correspondent writes:—“The shop and premises of Mr W. Edward, painter, Mill street, were very nearly being destroyed by fire ou Wednesday morning. Some person passing noticed flames issuing from the roof of the building, and gave the alarm, when several neighbors set to work and stopped the progress of the conflagration with the aid of buckets of water. The members of the Beaufort Fire Brigade arrived on the scene with commend able promptitude, and got the water on to the buildings. They succeeded iu extinguishing the fire before it had done more damage thau burning a portion of the roof and the lining in one room. As the building is a wooden one had there been any wind its total destruction could not have been prevented. The house is insured In the Royal Office fur £lOO. A spark from a blacksmith’s forge adjoining is sup posed to have caused the fire.” The children of All Saints’ Sunday-school that were disappointed in not going to Queens* cliff on Tuesday owing to the distance, and the parents not being able to go with them, were regaled with eatables and gingerbeer last evening in the echoolhouse. Between 80 and 90 children sat down. Great praise is due to the teachers, ladies and gentlemen, who waited on the children very attentively. The usual monthly meeting of the Gren* villeahire Council took place yesterday. There was a full attendance of members, and a large amount of business was transacted, including the acceptance of a number of tenders for the execution of works In various parts of the I shire. | Our Smythesdale correspondent writes:— • “ Mr Dalrymple, from Blackwood, arrived here on Mouday last, and took charge of the , Smythesdale brunch of the Bank of Australasia in the place of his predecessor, Mr George Watson.” Great preparations arc being made with regard to YeOlde Englisho Fuyre to be opened iu the Alfred Hall at Easter time. The ladies of the Lydiard street Wesleyan church are industriously engaged in working to make the undertaking a complete success. We learn that while some of the objectionable features which characterised the “ fayre " recently held iu Melbourne will be omitted other improve ments will be introduced in order to make the festival attractive, and • therefore . a greater source of profit. ■ We have to chronicle another local industry, which is under the superintendence of a few native-born tradespeople. Yesterday after noon, on the eastern shore of Lake Weudouree» an intei eating sight was observable. Some half-a-dozen boys were busily engaged, knee deep in water, overturning the quartz boulders apparently iu search of some fresh-water “animal” or other. It did not seem that cray-fish would quarter in that par ticular spot, and judging from the dis play of bare feet and legs, leeches were not dreaded. The little fellows patiently labored in hope of success. On enquiry we were informed that they were gathering a curious-lookiug insect, of blackish appearances, technically known as “ mud-eyes.” It appears that these delicate morsels are the most tempting bait for perch, and furthermore, the creatures are sold at 6d per dozen. Doubtless if the finny inhabitants of the lake had voices, with which to protest against this novel in dustry, they would quite drown .the harsh croaking of the frogs. Information on the subject was denied us by the little fishers themselves, who seemed to constitute a guild somewhat approaching trade -unions in its character, and are desirous of having the tl Cricks of the trade” in their own keeping. The Chemical and Electrical Industry Society met again on Wednesday evening last, at the School of Mines, and a very enjoyable and instructive lecture was given by Professor Mica Smith on “Applied Chemistry,” The Professor started by explaining that the earth was composed of 04 separate matters, and that all these compositions but one bad been pro cured and separated from each other. - He then went on to show that although, we bad all the material for building, something else was essential, namely, the,manner in, which to build, and that, we could not find our, and consequently bad to leave alone* He then preceded to show how sulphuric acid, the basis of all chemical manufactures, was made, and succeeded in making a quantity In exactly the same-. manner in which it is made on a very ■.;large scale in Eng* land. The audience showed their, .r ap preciation uf this very successful experiment I by hearty, applause. After stating that the I subject would he further dealt, with at .the next meeting, the professor concluded, and a | ‘aeries of very. pretty : and interesting experi ments, showing chemical reaction, were suc cessfully manipulated by Mr W. Burbidge, an | assistant lecturer, at' the School of Mines. These being concluded, the chairman (Mr Oddie) informed the members that at a recent meeting of the Royal Society, London, Mr Sutton's battery for storing electricity which we have before mentioned), was brought prominently forward, and that accounts of It appeared la several of the scientific papers. The audience received the intimation of our young townsman’s success with repeated ap* r piauee, thus showing their appreciation of his abilities, The minutes of tho previous meet* ing having been read and confirmed, the meet ing closed. Grave complaints are (says the Argus) being made in the Riilway Department that the half-fare passes given to press representatives are being almost as much if not more abused than were the free passes. So far has this practice already extended since the abolition of free tickets, that cases are being prepared against some of the offending parties, who will shortly be required to answer for their conduct ip a court of law. [At all events there cannot have been any abuse of the half fare press passes in the Ballarat Star office, as wo have not yet used any of them.] ' A correspondent writes to the Argus as follows;—“ Water being so scarce in the country districts, and tho means of retaining it still so insufficient, I venture to offer a suggestion which may be thought worth utilising. All along the railway lines there are numerous little culverts, of varying sizes, according to the quantity of storm water they are required to carry under the bank. Now, if these were closed in such a way as to retain a quantity of water, and in such a manner as not to injure the line, what a blessing these innumerable little dams would he to thirsty stock and weary travellers. This could be done by enclosing the upper opening of the culvert with a brick cylinder of the same'siza and capacity, built to such a height below the level of the bank as would hold any desired .quantity of water, i without danger of sapping or weakening the embank* ment, into which cylinders all surplus water would flow over and pass safely away, leaving a pond or reservoir, thrown back to such a distance beyond the railway fence as would enable the owners of the lands adjoining, or wayfarers and teamsters, to enjoy the incal* culable blessing of a well on dry land. No barm could come to tho banks, as there would bo no danger of a sap if the height were kept down to a few feet only, as railway banks are solidified by the concussion of passing : trains beyond all danger of penetration by water at a low pressure. Perhaps Mr Bent, if be happens to read this, may think it worth , considering. The shire councils would be only too glad to be permitted to erect the oylin* ders.” From an inspection of the fragments of I newspapers which were alongside the body of the man found in the hole at Alma recently, it has been satisfactorily proved that they were the Maryborough Standard and the Leader of Saturday, 26th April, 1879. This would point to the conclusion (says the Standard) that it was on or about that date that the individual disappeared, and it should not be difficult to obtain some clue from the local tradesmen as to the disappearance of a customer on or about that date. Not a particle of clothing or hair could be found, nor even a button of any description; so the only means of probable identification would be the sudden absence of someone about the date mentioned. The following item appeared in the Sydney telegram in yesterday’s Argus: —“At the Quarter Sessions to-day, San- Martina, an Italian priest, was sentenced to two years’ hard labor on the roads of the colony for in*, decently assaulting a child.” Yesterday’s Argus says:—“An officer o! the Law Department, stationed at Beech worth, has been dismissed for neglect of duty and for misconduct outside hia office.” The name of the person supposed €q be referred to was mentioned yesterday in Ballarat. In old times he resided for several years in the Smythesdale district. “JEgles” in this week’s Australasian has the following:—A joke is none the worse for its point being against one’s friends, or even against one’s self, Mrs M'Taggart, who has been a country subscriber to a Melbourne weekly for many years, sent to the local news agent this intimation:—“ Don’t send the- any more. The paper is no good for my busi ness. I can’t make small parcels in it. Send me The Australasian in future.” And I have been flittering myself well, welll No matter. A recently deceased Dumfriesshire laird seems to have been a most eccentric person, for, a few months before bis death, he threw a parcel to his forester which contained stock to the amount of £17,000, on which that for tunate servant is now living iu luxury. He, in the eatne easy way, gave hia coachman a cheque for £3OOO, his shepherd scrip for £13,000, and a cheque for £3OOO to the'afora said shepherd’s brother. Shortly after be died, and on his will being opened, it was found that the good luck of the shepherd was far from being exhausted, as, except legacies of £6OOO each to the coachman and the brother, he was left the whole property, about £BO,OOO, so bo finds himself possessor of the estates on which he commenced bis career as “the wee herd laddie,” and iu right thereof he has been appointed a Commissioner of Supply for the county. Proufc’s Ballarat Brass Baud will play the following programme on Speed’s balcony, Bridge street, this evening, weather per mitting;—Grand march, “Festival,” by-R, Smith; valse, “Brunette,” by E. Leconte; fantasia, “On Guard,” L. 6ou?quier; quad rille, “ Autumn,” Araaud; svaltz, “Tho way ward beauty,” R. Smith; quick march, “The busy Welshman,” T. Wright; glee. “Fill the shining goblet,” Parry; gallop, “Flossie,” R. Smith; “ God save the Quean." The well-known politician, Mr C. E, Jones, visited Ballarat yesterday, arriving by the afternoon train from Melbourne. The township of Gordon shows signs of in creasing prosperity, judging from the numerous buildings now in course of erection. The houses are mainly built for the use of miners and their families, and certainly show that • every confidence is reposed in the mining re sources of the district. Keeping pace with other improvements, we notice that a hand* some brick structure, intended for a Stale school, is in a progressive state. We have received the second number of the Debaters* Record , which contains a great deal of useful and interesting information. A Chinese lunatic named Ah Paw, was the only occupant of the City lock-up lost even ing, and the watch house keeper’s duties were therefore not of a very exhausting nature. The two lads who last effected their escape from the Reformatory at Lake Wendouree, have not been able to elude capture for any length of time. The young urchins, we learn, were taken yesterday at Ballan, and will.be brought to Ballarat this morning. Thera are yet four boys who have been enabled so far to make their escape good. Mr. S. H, Walker, a candidate for the Smythes’ Greek division of the Mining Board, will address the miners of Carngham, at Hall’s Greyhound hotel. Snake Valley, on Saturday, 11th instant, at 8 p.m. The Ballarat shareholders of the Trustees, Executors, and Agency Company, Limited, are notified by advertisement elsewhere that the second dividend is now due, and can be received by application to the company’s Ballarat agent, Mr Wm. Little. 