A GHOST AT NOONDAY. m [From the London Pall Mail Gazette.! We have received the following extraordinary narrative from a corres pondent for whose good faith and professional acnteness of observation we can vouch. He substantiates his story with full details of dates, names, and places, wbicb, however, for tbe sake of the survivors, he does not wish to be published. Without any further preface, we lay bis letter before onr readers: — As my wife and I were sitting at breakfast with a guest, whom I will call Mr. A., then on a visit for the first time to our bouse and neighbor hood, our maidservant passed out of the room on her way to the kitchen. As she closed tbe door Mr. A. startled me by saying — ' I saw a spirit of a man following that woman, who, as he passed, said distinctly in my bearing, God judgeth not as mau judgeth. I was innocent of tbe murder for which 1 was hanged. I was there, but I did not strike the blow.' ' *' What is it like r' I asked. He replied by des cribing a young Irishman whom 1 recognised as the husband of my domestic, who a year or two before bad been executed on tbe charge of murder. Mr. A., a complete stranger to the locality, had only met me for the first time two days before, and he was totally ignorant of the crime iu which my servant was so deeply iu tercsted. For obvious reasons the subject was never aliuded to iu our household, where the widow was re garded with feelings of sympathy, which led us to avoid as much as possible alt reference to her husband's fate. I had previously good reason to doubt whether the evidence against him justified his execution. lie had died protesting his iunoceuce. His wife aud friends were firmly convinced that, although he had been in the fight, it was not by his hand the fatal blow had been dealt. In addition to this, I had good reason to believe that the real murderer w:is still at large. You can easily imagiue my astonish ment when Mr. A. thus suddeuly ven tnred upon forbidden ground, and abruptly declared that the spirit of a mau who had bu tie red the capital penalty, and » ho&e; personal appear ance exactly coincided with that of the uufortnuate Irishman, was actual! / following the servant about the house proclaiming his innocence fa accents which, although inaudible to me, my j I ruest declared were per$BC%, -aaditye I i o him. - I bad heard that Mr: A. bid leen a ' seer*' but f tr«s *tot) a little started at this striking illustratiou, .of his peculiar faculty^. IremarVdd &BT; it was very strange, and infi^ined ^mn? that the woman he had. just eean fof tbe first time with her ghostly tcora panion was really the widow of mn executed felon. Some time afterwards be exclaimed : 'There he ift again, repeating the same words !' Ittterise Jy interested by this cudden and ap parenily supernatural conftraation* of my suspicions, . ,1 ; determined to put tbe seership of my guest to .what.! regajriUjd as * crucial test. J, told, Jffr ., A. that shortly alter wards I was going into towni and as. I should be passing the spot where -the murder, was com mitted perhaps his ghostly visitant might indicate the -place where the dead man lay, Some time afterwards we started for tbe town. When we left the house Mr. A. remarked, *' There be is following us,' .alluding to the ' spirit.' When we had pro ceeded- part of tbe .way along the xoad, which was quite, unknown to my friend, I made a detoor to makea busi ness call and went along another street, Mr. A. following me. Just as, without a word on my part, we. 'were turning oat of the main road,. Mr. A. said, ' The spirit is standing .at the corner. He says we are not going the right way towards the place where the murder was committed, and which he has promised to point out to me.' I replied, -: Oh, we shall come out in the main road again by-and-bye before we reach the spot.' We proceeded on about a quarter of a mile, and having - done my business and struck the main, road again — which differed, I may remark, from none of tbe other roads we bad traversed — Mr. A., after referring to several matters in general conversation, soon after declared, *' Tiiere is that sune man on ahead there, waiting for ns.' As we con tinned our walk, I purposely refrained from uttering a word, or even from . thinking, as far as I could, .about the murder, so as to prevent any possibility of my companion obtaining auy due As we were passing through one of the lowest par te of the town Mr. .A. suddenly exclaimed : — ' Be says it is here that tbe murder was committed. It was jast there {pomtiug to the place iu the road where the in ordered man fell). I see tbe bubbub'and confusion rise up before, me as a picture, with : tbe people round, lie, however, again = tells me he did not strike the fatal blow.- He does 'not excuse himself from being morally gailty as being mixed np with those wbo accomplished the death of the man, but strongly maintains that he was not the mur derer.' I will only add in relation to the last incident that Mr. A. described the exact spot where the murder was committed, and the circumstances in connection therewith. How can yon account for that ? Mr. A. bad never been in the town before ; he had never lived within a couple of hnndred miles of it ; he did not know till within a day or two before be arrived that he wonld ever visit it ; he conld not by any possibility have known that tbe poor woman in my employ was the widow of a man wbo was hanged.*- He had no conceivable interest in deceiv ing me, nor was he concerned to prose cnte the matter any farther. I. have in vain attempted to account for bis story, nor can I on any of the popular hypotheses explain to my own satis faction how he saw the ghost at noon day. That be did see it he assured me, much to my suprise, when no one expected any such revelation ; and, whatever he saw, it certaily led him to the exact spot where the; murder was committed. 