HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. Thtjbsday, August 10. The Speakxe took the Chair at 2 o'clock. BRANDS ACT. Mr. HENNING asked—' Is it the intention of the Government to introduce a Bill to amend the Brands Act ; and if so, when?' The COMMISSIONER of CROWH LANDS (Hon. A. Catt) replied :— ' Yes, at an early date.' RAILWAY STATION. Mr. ROUNSEVELL asked— 'When do the Government intend to erect cattle and sheep yards at the Buna Railway Station V . The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray) replied :— ' Sheepyards have been provided at the Burra Station. A report will be obtained as to the necessity for cattle-yards.' IMMIGRATION DEPOSIT AMOUNTS. Mr. BEAN asked — ' I. Are immigration deposit amounts returned in cases when intended immi grants do not arrive in the colony? 2. If so, under what regulation is such deposit returned? 3. Is any fee charged on returning the deposit ; if so, how much, and under what authority ?' The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. A. Catt) replied: — '1. Yes, if application is made for repayment, and it is shown that the person nominated has been unable or has declined to avail himself of the certificate. 2. No regulation authorizes this repayment, but the practice has been in force several years. 3. Yes; if the person nominated declines to emigrate a fee of 10s. 6d. is charged, and credited to 'fines, fees, and for feitures.' This practice has been in force by authority of Cabinet for several years.' SCHOOL AT MONARTO. Mr. T0MK1NS0N, for Mr. Bees, asked— 'Whether it is the intention of.' the Government to build a school at. MQE&rto;, on. Section. 469 or Section 2013, Gum Gully, and to expend the sum of £450 already votedC -._ - ? . The MINISTER of EDUCATION. (Hon. J. L. Parsons) replied, t-' A difference oLxipinion exists as to which of these sites slKKild- be selected. The District Inspector is now visiting Monarto, and as soon as his report is received the necessary steps for the erection of the school will be taken.' SPRINGFIELD SCHOOL. Mr. T0MK3NS0N, for Mr. Rees, asked— 'Whether the attention of the Government has been called to the absence of school appliances in the Springfield School, near Kanmantoo, held in the Wesleyan Church, and attended by over twenty children (average)?' The MDnSTKB of EDUCATION (Hon. J. L. Parsons) replied : — ' The attention of the Minister was drawn to this matter by the Board of Advice, and arrangements have been made for the appliances to be sent to Springfield this week.' CROWN LANDS BILL. In Committee. Clause S. Remission of interest to certain se lectors. Mr. COLES moved that the clause be struck out with the view of inserting the following clause, of which he bad givan notice : — ' ' Notwithstanding anything contained in the Crown Lands Consolidation Act, ot any Act heretofore in corporated therewith, the Commissioner shall credit all moneys paid as interest on Iand3 purchased from the Government on credit to the purchaser as part of the purchase-money, save and except 10 per cent paid as deposit at the fall of the hammer ; and all money now due, and becoming due, by way of interest (except the deposit as aforesaid) shall, when paid, be considered as part of the purchase-money ; the balance of thepurcnase-money to be paid at the rate of not more than 5 per cent, per annum until the whole of the money is paid ; but should the purchaser fail to pay as aforesaid, then in terest shall be charged at the rate of 5 per cent per ftnTinnTn on the amount left un paid.' During the past few years land had been resumed, surveyed, and selected which was altogether unfit for agricultural purposes, or where at least the rainfall was irregular, and the crops consequently uncertain; and without waiting now to discuss whose fault it was that such land had been taken up by the fanners, it was the duty of the House to make such alterations in the con ditions under which it was held as would keep the selectors upon their holdings. He had thonght at one time that the actual distress of the farmers had been exaggerated, but lately he had become con vinced from overwhelming evidence that their case had been underestimated, and that it was absolutely necessary to make someradical change in their favour. 'The House had expressed all kinds of sympathy with the distressed farmers, but it was no use ever lastingly preaching about relief, and at the very moment when it was asked to put these professions to a practical test to refrain from doing so. He re gretted the Government, and especially the Com missioner of Crown Lands, could not see then- way to strike out the clause and adopt another some thing like the one he proposed, because it was the only way out of the difficulty which presented itself, and embodied what he believed to be the views of tha Commissioner of Crown Lands, who having been elected by the farmers as then- friend— (The Com missioner of Crown Lands — ' So he is')— would, he felt sure, prefer fighting to do some practical good for them to the position ne now occupied. He was quite willing to allow interest to go as part ofthe purchase-money, which, although it would not bring rain, would give the men courage to wait on their holdings till rain came; and this concession, com bined with the power proposed to be given to the Commisioner to relax the cultivation clauses, would, he believed, induce ninety-nine out of every hundred farmers to carry out their agreements. The Commissioner had stated that if the new clause he proposed were adopted it would entail a loss of £100,000 in the land revenue. He was sure the Commissioner did not expect to eet anything like this amount, and there fore in making the concessions proposed in the Bill the Government were giving to the people that winch they could possibly never receive. A great mistake had been made in reckoning as an asset the amount- due as part of the purchase- money, which would never be realized unless some great altera tions were made in the conditions under winch the land was held. Without something being done in the way he proposed a considerable part of the selections in the ~ North would revert to the Crown. The land was spoilt for the pas toralists, and if the selectors were unwilling to remain, on it it wonld have to be disposed in blocks of several thousands of acres at a promised rental of 2d- or 3d. an acre. He agreed with the Treasurer that the question was to be looked at from a popu lation point of view, and not from a mere monetary one. Mr. Hardy bavins intimated that be wished to move an amendment on tbe clause aj it stood before the House voted on Mr. Coles's motion, the latter was withdrawn for the time being. Mr. HABDY moved that the word ' three' in line 20 be struck out of the clause, with the view of inserting -'two,' so as to bring within the scope of the clause those selectors who had only been on the land during the last two successive bad seasons, as well as those who had put in three crops and h3d the advantage of a jrood season in their first year. Mr. HOUKSETELL supported the amendment, and whilst he was anxious to support Mr. Coles's clause he did not think it would be wise to strike out clause S at the present stage, because if the Bill were to be a relief measure this was the very clause which granted the relief. Unless hon. members' opinions were sufficiently ripened to vote for Mr. Coles's clause at once it would be best before striking it out to make the existing one as liberal and perfect as possible in the direction intimated by Mr. Hardy. As it stood at present it excluded those most de servin' of relief. Mr. PLAYFOBD thought that there should be some distinct understanding on this question, or else there would be confusion. It was no use to go on tinkering with this clause — (Hear, hear)— and then voting it ont of the BilL It was better to go direst to the point and let the House say whether they would accept the policy of the Farmers' Asso ciation or not If not, let them go with the Govern ment, leaving the clause as it was or amending it in such directions as they saw fit A test vote had better be taken on the question; it would save a lot of time. (Hear, hear.) The Hon. J. CARR— Bat there was one objection to that If the question waa put as suggested and carried, tbe clause coold not be amended except till after they had gone through the whole of the fol lowing clauses. The fact was the daune proposed special concessions to sufferers from special losses, and it did not affect the anenl question of s uni versal remission to all selectors who had not con cluded their engagements. If it were good policy to give what Mr. Coles proposed it would even thea be good policy to pass this douse also, for special losers had s -ecial claims. There was a rood deal in Mr. Hardy's amendment, which was undoubtedly right He would suggest in that connection, sub ject to modification it proved necessary, that 'dunne' might be substituted for ' for' in line 19. (Hear, hear.) At present the clause provided that a man must have had three bad crops or he lost bis claim. Some bad only two, and others only one, and their case too should surely be met Mr. WARD, when he had read Mr. Coles's amend ment, bad not thought it was contemplated for a moment that it was necessary to strike the clause put The clause gave special concessions to special losers who had reaped less thtm a fair averace crop, enabling them to pay their way. Let this special relief be given by all means, whatever might be the result of the division on Mr. Coles's amendment, which would not at all be jeopardized by the pissing of the clause. (Hear, hear.) As w&3 well known, he favoured even more liberality in the clause ; and later he intended to ask that all the words after ' with' in the twenty-third line to ' three' in the twenty-ninth might be left out That would give three years' interest to persons reaping less than the average crop of six bushels during tbe last two or three seasons. (Hear, hear.) The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. a Bray), with a view to saving time, asked Mr. Coles to with draw bis amendment for the present on the under standing that the clause could pass pro fonni only and be recommitted whether the hon. member's question passed or not (Hear, hear.) Mr. COLES would withdraw on that under standing. He feared, however, his wish had been somewhat misinterpreted by some hon. members. What he asked was that all the interest should go as part of the purchase-money. If the clause passed as it was it would lead to no end of compli cation. The return would be hard to get, and when got reliable. His suggestion was one of tbe recom mendations of the Farmers' Association. Mr. HAKDY, after explanation and promise of the Chief Secretary, would withdraw his amend ment for the present. Mr. GILBERT— The clause was bad in principle and based on a wrong foundation altogether. (Hear, hear.) First of all there would be great difficulty in getting a.correct statement of returns. A reliable farmer of thirteen years' standing had assured him that he had been called upon only once during that time by an official to ascertain his average yield. Then how was it to be ascertained? The farmer's own estimate was not always a fair thing to go upon. Sometimes the calculation as to yield was actually based by the collectors of statistics upon the quantity of straw. (Laughter.) Moreover, the clause was not fair to farmers who for many years had been fanning, who bad grown nothing like the quantity stated in years gone by, who even now, perhaps, had not finished paying interest on account of their purchase-money, and who would not receive any relief, while others who had bad less to contend against would. (Hear, hear.) Then who, with the different kinds of land, was to estimate what was a fair yield for that land to produce, when some was good and some bad? (Hear, hear.) Again, some men farmed honestly and energetically, and others were lazy and slovenly, yet all would be treated alike ; and if the concession were given now, what about the future 1 (Hear, hear.) It would be esta blishing a bad precedent In future years fanners suffering from losses might come to the House S leading that because concessions had been given i 1882 it was unjust if they were not given then. (Hear, hear.) Mr. BRIGHT was glad for the promise of the Chief Secretary and of its acceptance by Mr. Coles, who, by-the-way, he advised not to attempt too much cot to lose the substance grasping at the shadow. (Hear, hear.) Personally be would give relief to those who deserved it ; but the proposal of the hon. member would be best considered separately. (Hear, hear.) There, would be a great difficulty in getting correct returns ; and another point he sug gested for their careful consideration before the Bui passed its third /eading was the necessity of know ing exactly who would be entitled to consideration under it (Hear, hear.) He could not go for re mission of interest to the whole of the selectors in the past It would be better to take a new depar ture, offering the land for sale on the condition that every year for twenty years a certain amount should be paid ; but at one fell swoop to give up the interest would be unwise. (Hear, hear.) Mr. FUBNEE did not believe in remissions. He would give extensions of ten, twenty, or thirty years or more— give the farmers credit in fact till they could pay. (Hear, hear.) That plan adopted, we should be brought near to what was so often contended for, namely, perpetual leasing. (Hear, hear.) He would like to see the principle introduced in the BilL (Hear, hear.) He quite agreed with Mr. Gilbert as- to the difficulty in getting correct returns. Hs felt sure that many honest men would be placed in a far worse position than others, because they would not make a false statement Mr. JOHNSON said there was no doubt that the returns of the crops in thepast had been under estimated. (Mr. Howe^-' Wheru has the surplus gone?*) He firmly believed that the best thing would be to appoint three gentlemen, say the pre sent Commissioner of Crown Lands and two ex Commissioners, to hold Land Courts throughout tbe colony, and deal with every case on its merits. It was impossible to deal fairly with all by laying down general rules ; and, amongst other things, tbe price paid for the land should be considered. If we went on as we were going a Land Bill would be re quired every year or second year. Mr. COLES said he wished to avoid the necessity of a Land Bill every other year, and he contended that if his clause were passed the land question would be permanently setted. Mr. HENNING wished the Commissioner to tell the- House what loss the passing of the clause would be likely to involve ; how the Government would check the returns furnished; and if he intended to remit the interest on the whole of the selection irrespective of whether 50 or 500 acres had been cultivated. The COMMISSIONER of CBOWN LANDS (Hon. A. Catt) said the Goverment estimated that if the clause were passed'something like £120,000 would have to be written off. The claims made upon tbe Government would be checked as far as possible by the Government statistics, which were tar more reliable than some members supposed. It was unfair to charge the farmers as a class with sending in false returns. (Mr. Fnrner— ' Many of them do.') They did not. (Mr Playford — *' I found hundreds of cases when I was in office.') That was not his experience. The quantity of surplus over last year was 10,000 tons, and theprodnce of the year 1881-2 was 218,568 tons, giving a total of 228,568 tons. We required for home consumption 97,297 tons, leaving 131,271 tons for export We had exported 125,876 tons, and this left about 6,000 tons available for export, and it was very well known that our stocks were lower now than they had been for many years, and that there was probably not more than 6,000 tons in the colony for export (Hear, hear.) It was unfair to say that the fanners, a3 a dass, sent in false returns, and that the Government could not arrive at fair estimates as to the yields. (Mr. Gilbert — ' You encourage them to do it') Mr. BAGSTER said the clause should be struck out, and any suggestions considered afterwards. He thought the clause opened the door to dis honesty, and he would rather go for an extension of time than the remission proposed. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray) said it was understood that the clause should be passed so as to allow of Mr. Coles's clause being considered, and if Mr. Coles's clause were not passed the present clause couid be reconsidered and modi fied. (Hear, hear). The clause was passed. Clause 9. Amendment of cultivation clause in agreement. Sir. PLAYFORD said he would oppose the clause, as he looked upon the cultivation clause as one of the greatest safeguards against ths mis appropriation of the land, as it had had a most excellent effect. The present clause proposed to reduce the cultivation obligations oy one-half, and he thought this was uncalled for. He had never heard any of the fanners in the North complain of the conditions, and be would oppose the proposed alterations, which would injure the bona-fide selector. The COMMISSIONER of CBOWN LANDS (Hon. A. Catt) said the Government wished thatjany selector should not be compelled to cultivate more than one-twentieth of the land in the first year ; but they did not wish to prevent him from culti vating the whole of the land if he wished to do so. He bad seen a paragraph hi one of the papers recently to the effect that the question of the culti vation conditions had engaged the attention of one of the northern branches of the Farmers' Asso ciation, and be knew of hundreds of cases in the South-East and North in which it was desirable to give the proposed concessions. Mr. COLES said no one complained of the present conditions for good land, and the cases of selectors who held bad land were provided for in the next clause. He supported the motion. Mr. BRIGHT Baid if the clause was not struck ont he would seek to make the clause apply to only those who had agreed to personal residence. The Hon. J. CABB felt quite certain that tb: clause would render dummyism easy, and that the next clause provided all that was necessary. (Hear, near.) ? Mr. HENNING agreed with the Hon. J. Carr, and wonld support Mr. Playford'a motion. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. A. Catt) said if members would agree to the next clause, which would meet the requirements of the Government, they would not insist on this clause. (Hear, hear.) The clause was struck ont dense 10. The Commissioner (may in certain casei remit cultivation and residence conditions. Mr. STIRLING moved to insert after 'lease' in the forty-second line? the words 'heretofore made or executed.' He believed in the principle of the clause so far as the retrospective aspect of the ques tion was concerned; but If the clause were passed as it stood it would offer a premium to persons to Belect land in the hope that they would oe able to get the cultivation conditions relaxed. Mr. PLAYFORD said the amendment took a good deal of sting ont of the clause, which was not at all warranted. The Commissioner ought never to have the power sought for, and if tbe clause were passed as H stood they would be altering a principle of the Land Act which had been most carefully guarded. They would be earing on one band that the land must be cultivated, and on the other that the culti vation clause might be relaxed, and the power was a most dangerous one for the Commissioner to have. He did not know whether he would oppose the clause as amended, as it would not do very much harm, and would meet some cases he would like to relieve^ ? Mr. HENNING said no danger could arise from the clause as amended, and it would prove very cgeful. ? The ATTORNEY - GENERAL (Hon. J. W. Downer) said the Government intended the clause to have the interpretation it wonld have when the amendment was made, and he was not at all certain that it deserved the condemnation it had received. The hon. member for East Torrens -seemed to think that tbe mere fact of the Government having offered this land was saying in effect that the land was absolutely fit for agriculture. (Mr. Playford— 'I never saidaaytbing ofthe kind.') Then what did he »y? Ha asked hon. members whether this waa not the effect of what Mr. Playford had said. He did not wish to bind the . hon. member down to every word he said, but he asked whether it was necessary that they should insist on the selectors cultivating land when it had been proved unfit for agricultural pur poses? The loss to the individual was a lorn to tbe State, and in the interests of the State, therefore, it Was not wise to insist on cultivation where nature never intended any to be. Was it not more equit able, to allow these people to get oat -of a bad bargain which - tbey had made by taking up land which the Government threw open for selection? And was it not more wise to Ugalize the concession by Act of Parliament instead of merely allowing the Commissioner for the time being to do it as he saw fit? He eave Mr. Playford credit for having administered tbe Crown Lands Department wisely and considerately, and therefore hje must have relaxed the cultivation clauses where a real failure to grow wheat had been shown. Therefore this clause was desirable to enable the Comnusdoner to do legally what previous Comrois ?iooen bad done of tbair own accord without '-? express authority of Parliament Mr. PLAYFORD said the remarks ofthe Attorney General would convey a false impression, it waa utterly absurd to think that he had asserted that when a Government resumed land they Slid it was fit for agriculture. The Government resumed Unds as they fell ia hundred by hundred, taking the good, bad, and indifferent land together; and therefore it was absurd to say that they guaranteed that all tbe land thrown open for selection would trrow -wheat Mr. BRIGHT thought it would be well to strike out the words ' and may also when ever he shall consider it necessary remit the condition or covenant for personal residence for the period of six months.' If these words remained ia they would tend more to dommrism than anything which could be devised. They had nothing to do with the cultivation of the land, and, in his opinion, ought to be struck out. Mr. BOUNSEVELL said there could not be any hana arising from the words if left in, as a return of the concessions granted would have to bo laid before Parliament and a Commission would hardly be likely to grant the concessions recklessly. The Attorney-General was partly right and partly wrong in his conclusions, for although the Government resumed the land they did not hay it wa-s all arable ltnd. Tho unfortu nate part of it was that some of the lands ?which the Government had resumod turned out not to be fit for agriculture, and that was the reason why this Bill was necessary. He wasglad the Govern ment Lad approved Mr. Stirling's amendment a» .- the clause as amended would unable the Commis sioner to act in future within his authority instead of outside it. Mr. HOWE uympathiied with Mr. Playford, who had seen vbM areas of land in the South-But depopulated and used as sheepwalks through this system of dummying. But ho would paint out that ihe clause of the hon. member for Light would, if carried, put a stop to all dummying. lie held that a good deal of the present difficulty ww owing to the vicious system we had here of putting whole hundreds up for selec tion whether fit for it or not, while in Queensland and other colonies the bad land was passed over and only the good land taken up. He hoped the amendment of Mr. Stirling would be withdrawn, for he would sooner the clauses were struck out than amended as proposed. Mr. LANDSEER thought that the clause should bo amended as Mr. Stirling suggested. Aa far as he could understand, fanners generally were glad to select land near other land which they expected would not be taken up, and could be used by them for depasturing their stock. Bib first idea was to strike out tbe clause, as he did not believe in vesting such large powers in the hands of one man ; for although we had hitherto had good men as Com missioners bad ones'micht hereafter be appointed, and then mischief would result However, with the amendment, the clause might stand. Mr. COLES asked Mr. Bright not to insist on the amendment he had proposed. lie thought that was one of the most important provisions of the Bill, for if necessary to temit the cultivation clauses, it waa necessary also to remit the residence clause. Some of these men had to go away three, four, or six months wo.ol -carting, and it would be a great hard ship to prevent this. (Mr. Playford—' It is done at present. ') Y es ; but it was well that the law should allow it, and not merely wink at it He would have voted for tbe clause with or without the amend ment, but he preferred it with the amendment Mr. HOWE would ask hon. members to look at the Hundred of Walloway, which was originally as good- looking as the Hundred of Yangya, but when cultivated two years it brought up salt To compel men to cultivate such land would be not only to ruin them, but also to injure the colony by the bad harvest returns which must be published in relation to such land. Mr. COLES said it should be borne in mind that these people had had the experience of others elsewhere, and if they failed to take warning they should suffer for their mistakes. Mr. JOHNSON said the State did not classify the lands. It fixed the price at 203. an acre, and tbe farmers themselves classified it by giving higher prices for it. It was they and not the Government who were to blame if the land did not turn out as well as they expected. Mr. PLAYFOBD moved to strike out the words ' or lease.' The COMMISSIONER of CBOWN LANDS (Eon. A. Catt) accepted the amendment, and said tha words were only put in because they were intended to have reference to an alteration which the . Government had thought of taking in regard to scrublands. Mr. Playford's amendment was carried. Mr. Stirling's amendment waa then put and carried. Mr. HENNING moved that all the words after ' cultivation' in the forty-fourth line down to ' time' in the forty-seventh be struck out The words he proposed to omit gave the Commissioner power to relax the personal residence clause. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. A. Catt) hoped that the Committee would not agree to the alteration. The necessity for the clause had specially been shown during the last six months. A number of selectors who had lost from drough and otherwise had asked him to allow them to leave their land for a few months and earn some money by working in mines and in other ways ; and in many cases he had granted their requests. (Hear, ? bear.) If a man was on his selection six months in . tbe year he might fairly be allowed to go off for the purpose indicated the rest of the tune. (He&,r ili PLAYFORD-Sometimes he left his family on the selection, and that had been looked npon in ordinary circumstances as complying with the con ditions. (Hear, beaT.) In fact, every Commissionet would find that certain of the rules had to be relaxed. For instance, whilst in office ha had allowed a selector (whose father had died in Eng land, and who wanted to go thither to claim Borne property), to leave his land for the purpose. He was away more than six months, but yet he came back and completed his purchase. Now, the : lawyers would call that a clear breach oi the law ; . but it was a desirable thing to do, and it showed that tbe Commissioner must have wide discretion. ' He had not the slightest objection to the words , standing, and as regarded remission of residence, it might be retrospective and prospective. (Hear, ' hear.) Mr. HENNING would, after that explanation, withdraw his amendment. The amendment was withdrawn. The clause passed as amended. Clause 11. Amendment of section 00 of Crown Lands Consolidation Act. Mr. COLES— The law with reference to scrub lands should be allowed to remain as at present. The amendment was in the direction of clearing one twentieth instead of one-fortieth. If It were en forced a great deal of valuable timber would have to be wasted. He would move that the clause be - struck out The COMMISSIONER of CEOWN LANDS (Bon. A. Catt)— This clause had been asked for by. the Farmers' Association, and he thought the request was a just one. With the improved ma chinery for clearing scrub lands it would oe easier to clear the enlarged area than it waa to clear the smaller one originally. The Hon. J. CARR— It seemed like undoing with one hand what they were doing with the other when they were seeking to induce people to plant trues to ' increase the rainfall. (The Chief Secretary— ' It is only for ten years of the twenty ; till half ia cleared. . At the end of the ten years he will not be compelled . to clear.') Then he thonght it was rather an im provement. (Hear, hear.) Mr. COLES — But if they were compelled to clear so much in so short a time they must burn the. timber, which at present they could make money out of by selling, having time to cart it away to the railway stations. (Hear, hear.) Besides, they would find great difficulty in clearing more. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. A. Catt) said that on the Peninsula last year he had noticed that holders of scrub leases found no difficulty in clearing the whole of their land— they cleared it too fast. If they and if future lessees were wise they would retain half of their timber. Mr. ROUNSEVELL agreed that with the modern machinery scrub land could be cleared and culti vated fcr one-tenth of what it cost to do this when it was done by hand. As to the Peninsula, a lot of the timber there was valueless; and in the places whete it was heavier it was not nearly so thick— in the big mallee, for instance.' Tdobo trees could be lifted out by machinery at a very small cost. If they parted with scrub lands at such a low cost they ought at least to see that a certain portion was . cultivated. Mr. HAINES hoped that the clause would be ? struck out. If it were enforced on tbe Murray Flats, where tbe timber was so thick, a great deal would have to be burnt, to the loss of the lessee and the colony. As to the improved machinery, it would yet be found that the mullenizing plough was a bad thing fer South Australia. It simply rolled the stumps in the ground, and some of the wheat was actually sown on tbe wood ; thus a great part of the soil in every acre not having a fair chance, the yield was affected and tbe ground got a bad name. Mr. PLAYtOBD suggested to tbe Commissioner that clause 12, as to selling unselected land, would meet the cases of those farmers on Yorkefo Pen insula who had applied for certain lands un selected after two years to be put up for lease without auction, so as to allow them to get scrub lands leases. This was In op position to tbe present law. The land, however, was taken up by capitalists before these farmers could get hold of it. As they had set their hearts on getting the land, and aa the capitalists wanted more rent for leases than Government would pro bably ask, they felt greatly annoyed. The clause would allow of tbe lands being offered for lease without first being put up for sale by auction. He quite agreed with this. It would meet tbe caw without increasing the area. An increased area might act prejudicially to the colony, as it would necessarily increase the amount to oe cleared in a given time, and of course tbe destruction by burning of the wood. He would suggest that the amend ment was not necessary. Mr. COLES could not accept the suggestion. There was no analogy between scrub lands on Yorke's Peninsula and those on the Murray Kate, for example. In the one case the wood was light ; in tbe other very heavy. Tens of thousands of acres were already taken up there under the scrub leases. The holders, with their families, managed to do tbe requisite amount of clearing now, disposing of the wood, and keeping their families with ths proceeds ' of tbe sale ; but they could not clear more, a* the clause provided, without burning the wood. The clause was pnt, and declared carried. Mr. COLES called for a division. On the question that the clause Btand the House divided as follows :— Ayes. 14— The Attorney-General, the Chief Secre tary, the Minister of Education, the Treasurer, ' Messrs. Gilbert, Hardy, Landseer, Newland, Play ford, Rees, RounMvell, Smith, Townsend, and Com missioner of Crown Lands (teller). NOES, 16— Messrs. Bagster, Basednw, Bower, Carr, Cooke, Fraser, Haines, Howe, Kingston, Mat tinson, Mortlock, Moyle, Tennant, TomkinBon, and Coles (teller). Majority of 1 for the Noes. The clause was Btrnck out. The House resumed, progress was reported, anl ? leave was given to sit again on Thursday next DISTRICT COUNCILS BILL The Legislative Council notified by message their agreement with the amendment on their amend ments in the District Councils BilL SUPPLY. In Committee. Legislature, £13,203 6s. Id. Mr! TOMKIHSON said that if pracUsed debaters and recognised financiers like. Mr. BounieveU and Mr. Cooke could not make a Budget debate attractive and interesting he could not nope to do «o either. He would therefore only take a general review of the Treasurer's flny'M statement and the Government policy connected with it Bat with respect to the latter he proposed to suspend an opinion until the Treasurer brought down the balance-aheet for the current year, which he bad referred to on Tuesday when he laid upon tbe table the important paper sbont the condition of the Land Fond. !Long before be had had a seat in the Home he had observed that sucoenivs Treasurers had gone os borrowing from the Land Fund to meet tbe ever-increasing ordinary expendi ture, which ought to have been defrared from revenue. He therefore assumed. tb*V Parliament in its wisdom had determined that In future no distinction should be made between the different sources of revenue— that derivable from taxation and that from land, which was the capital of the colony— relying perhaps too confi dently npon the ultimate receipt of the four millions or thereabouts from land sold to selectors to work it all right. It seemed to him to be a reckless pro ceeding, but when he found Parliament continu ing to go on sanctioning this same kind of reckless expenditure, ha felt somewhat de ferred from making a stand with a view of pullii g-np our headlong career into debt He weulu instance the unanimity with which the House sanctioned the purchase of a warship last wetk, involving an expenditure of £70,030 in the first instance and £10,000 a. year for maintenance, and £4,000 a year on a loan of £100,000 for defence purposes. The Chief Secretary had acknowledged that thete was no necessity for a ship of war, an J he (Mr. Tomkinson) thought our present means of defence were sufficient to resist any force sent against us. It would have been wiser to have tried to make an arrangement with the Imperial Govern ment to pay the cost of maintaining a war vessel for the protection of the colony. In tune of danger the Imperial Government would be bound to send out a squadron for the protection of Australia, and they would no donbt accept a contribution towards the expenses from thi* colony. Beverting to the financial position, the Treasurer appeared since he delivered the Budget Speech to have found out that it «as impossible to pay £173,000, the interest on the public loan, out of the revenue. Only nine days ago he was so flighty — quite a new phase of character for him — (laughter)— mat he was eager to raise the liability of the colonists from £45 to ££0 per head, and to increase the debt from twelve to twenty millions. He thought that the Treasurer, for once in hU career, was going too fast ; but the break of half a million a year for interest would steady any Treasurer. As the Advertiser put it — ' While the land sales last, and our borrowing powers are umliminished, we may possibly continue m our present course ; but when there is a serious check in either of these sources from which we draw our funds, then will come the day of sweeping retrenchment or of wholesale reform, and then, too, will the Hon. Treasurer, like the martyr Latiner, withdraw his recanta tion : and die in his original 'aith.' He did not think the Treasurer- of 18S6 would have much heart to go in for a Jubilee Exhibition such aa had been suggested, and the examples of Sydney and Melbourne ought to deter any prudent Parlia ment from making such a mistake and adding largely to the national debt. Exhibitions were a farce and & nuisance, and he maintained that half a million a year was as much as we were justified in spending on public works while the population was under 300,000, without interfering with the labour market and private enterprise. If we spent any larger amount we should go in for immigration. (Hear, hear.) Immigration had never cost tha colony anything, but had resulted in its benefiting to the extent of millions, as large numbers of immigrants brought large sums of money into the colony with them, and aided in the general advancement of the State. Re ferring to the remarks made by Mr. Johnson a3 to the increase in the number of inmates in the Destitute Asylum, he would point out that aj the amount of nsed-np labour increased we would have to replace it. There were times when immigration was not necessary, but if an extensive public works policy were decided npon it was necessary, and no class benefited more by immigration than the in dnstrions working men. This brought to his recol lection the rather wild plunge for popularity of Mr. Playford in reference to the taxation of the working classes ; bat as he did not see the hon. member in his place he would reserve his remarks for another occasion. He was glad to say that so far as his observations had gone, the working classes were in a highly prosperous state. Mr. Mattinson might not agree with him altogether, but he was informed that it was most difficult to get a supply of labour for building and other purposes. (Mr. Mattinson — 'No, no.') The working classes most be cared if or, and there should be no lack of public works to keep them employed whenever it was necessary. He would not detain the House by referring to the details of the Treasurer's - Ways and Means on the Estimates of revenue and expenditure, but he must give the Treasurer credit for the clear manner in which he had laid the fin^nqil position of the colony before the House. (Hear, hear.) He had plenty of f un-l3 in hand at present, and he (Mr. Tomkinson) had hoped that he did not intend to go into the money market during the present year, but he felt that it was hopeless to attempt to dissuade him from taking advantage of the willingness of the capitalists to lend money to the colony. Ha entirely approved of the arrangement which the Treasurer had made with the Savmg3 Sank. (Hear, hear.) It was advantageous in every way, it was economical, and rendered it unnecessary for us to go into the Xondon market. He would reserve any further observations . he . had to make until the House con sidered the various items in the Estimates. He would endeavour if possible to reduce some of the amounts which seamed excessive, and amongst other items he might mention the sums set down for judicial and legal establishments, education, chari table institutions, and military defences. There was' a 'large sum put down for pensions, retiring allowances, and gratuities, and he would like to rcdnce it, out be supposed it would be impossible, because so many riaiTni would be made on the Treasury in consequence of the mistake made in the Act at last' session in limiting the time for putting in claims to six months. He thought that receipts from Customs showed that all classes of the community . were prosperous, notwithstanding tha adverse seasons we had suffered. Mr. Playford said the land scheme was over-estimated ; but be .was bound to accept the assurance of the Commissioner ef Crown Lands that his calculations were made on a correct basis and would prove to be right. He hoped the Commissioner would try to make the land in the South- East upon which so much money had been spent for drainage as produc tive as possible, and that it would be shown that the money was not wasted after all. He considered the amounts set down for the destruction of rabbits and for roods were rather large, and that the sum devoted to immigration was not large enough ; but he would particularly deal with the different items of the BBtimatm when they were under consideration. He bad great pleasure in supporting the first item. Mr. LANDSEEB thought most hon. members were pleased to know that the colony was in such a good financial position considering the serious years we had bad to contend with. A3. regarded the Customs receipts, he quite endorsed the views of the Treasurer, and considered that he had hit what bad been acknowledged to be the happy medium. The question of the desirability of carrying on the Customs Convention with New South Wales was a matter which would requite to be carefully con sidered by the House. The question seemed to be enveloped in a kind of mist, because it was supposed in the first instance that the matter was fairly settled on such liberal principles as to allow the House and the country to congratulate them selves ; bnt at the eleventh hour it was found that the matter was not settled, and they had had to come to the rescue with the Convention that now existed. The Convention was now a bare and hard-and- fast bargain, and there was not a single item that gave South Australia a fair chance of doing business, except in one hard-and-fast line on thenver. (Hear, bear.) Looking at the happy way in which New South Wales had met ns before, he thought if the negotiations in the present ease had been fairly conducted we should not find our selves fenced in in the manner we were at present, and it was a matter of deep regret. It ?? seemed strange that we shotnd nave to pay £47,500 when we might not have a ghost of a chance of doing business because of the state of the river— (Hear, hear)^-and he considered that when ? the river was low and goods could not be sent up by the river, we should be allowed to forward goods to certain places agreed npon by other means. There was no provision made for trade being conducted on the Border, and a difficulty occurred only very recently in ttw C&99 Of an order BhJC£ Was executed in South Australia, and 13 which a parcel was sent round from Sydney to join the goods, which were being sent np overload., Jue Queensland Government met ns in a fair business spirit, and it was only reasonable to expect similar treatment from New South Wales. He' was sure that if the matter bad been placed before the Intercolonial Conference in a proper light they have would allowed us the benefit of the trade, even when done otherwise than by the river. He was sure that in consideration of the £47,500 the Sydney Government would have given the right when the rivqr was dosed to forward good3 to Sydney, and thence by rail to any bonded store named and agreed npon. It must be remembered that New South Wales would not have lost much by us, for if we forwarded goods to her under these exceptional circumstances ?when the river was closed, her vessels, her railways, and her agents would all reap a benefit through the business passing through them. He hoped the Treasurer would see if he could not induce a more liberal spirit to prevail with the Treasurer of N«w South Wales, aa he felt that the unfairness of the thing was only to be pointed out to have it remedied. As to the railways, be rejoiced that they bad done so well, and that the colony had as their Railway Traffic Manager a gentleman so efficient and. bo energetic aa Mr. Pendleton. (Hear, hear.) The alterations hs had made and the clear ness with which the work was carried out were a great credit to Mr. Pendleton, and augured well for the future. As to the Land Fund he felt it was necessary that it should be dealt with very cautiously, for it was oar great stand-by, and he regretted to find that things in this department did cot look better than they did. The area had been enlarged, and concessions had been granted, and yet the agricultural interest was worse off than three years ago. Of course seasons could not be foreseen, but warnings could be taken fiom men like Mr. Goyder and Mr. Playford, whose words had been fulfilled in reference to the lands in the South-East, which they did not want to hand over to the farmer, but which were handed over under pressure, and bad now turned out badly. Indeed, care must be taken or else they would be making tee country into one big. sheepwalk. Already experience had shown that where men of capital settled down, and took up a few thousand acres of land, they had no difficulty in soon getting the farmers around them to clear oat — to go, perhaps, to lands in the Far North which were not at for agriculture. It was wise, no doubt, to help those who had been unfortunate through circumstances they could not have foreseen, but it would be quite another thing to grant the many concessions that some hon. members seemed desirous of waving jjke the Treasurer he had been surprised that the population of the colony was not larger, than it now was, considering all the people who bad come here. Probably this was to some extent explained by the number woo had gone to the Mount Browne Diggings and elsewhere. As to the Adelaide Exhibition, he most say he did not look with favour on it, for if it were done at all .it should be done well, and then it would be a very expensiTe affair with very little certain return. South Australia was not a manufacturing colony like Victoria, and would not gain nearly a3 much from an Exhibition. Under tha same heading there was the question of the railway to Melbourne. Now be was at war against that. He could not under rtand what good it would be to South Australia. It certainly could not be regarded as a line of development, because the bulk of the country it would pass through was a desert of a very bad character. They could not point to a man wbo had gone there and done well ; and yet the line from Nairne to Border Town was to cost £997,000, Besides this, the railway would have to take a great, many enrres to avoid getting' into country which was nothing more nor less than quicksands, specimens of which could be seen at Wellington, where the road was now under thirty feet of sand. And what would bo the result of the line to connect us with Victoria? Would it not be to play into the bands of the Mel bourne Jnerchmts, who, because of their large business, could boy on better terms than Adelaide men? Could there be a better illastraHan than was supplied by the people on the Murray, which divided Mew South Wales and Victoria} Our steamers constantly pasaed up tba river, and yet he would defy say one to show that we were doing a thousand a year on the Victorian side of tba river. Let ban. members recollect the case of Geeloog, which petitioned for the railway to go from there to Ballamt, and yet the result was that the grass was soon growing on some of toe stnets of Geelong. He was more inclined to jco with tie Government in extending our railway- system northwards, as then would be a good deal of trade with Queensland^ there again would be seen the disadvantage' .of rail way communication between Adelaide and! Sydney, for Queenslanders coming down' here in future would probably stay only a few hours in Adelaide, and then go on to the larger City of Melbourne, with all its greater attractions. Thd result would pro bably be that supplies would' be bought in Mel bourne, sent to Pjrt Augusta by sea, and thence by rail into Queensland. If he had been a Victorian he would long ago have voted for extending their railways to our Border; in fact, he would have offered to bring a railway halfway acres* the Desert to meet South Australia if the people of this colony would have allowed him. As a South Australian, however, he held different views. It might be asked why was railway communication with Mel bourne not fatal to Sydney. The answer was that New South Wales was rich in coal and cold— which South Australia had not— and Sydney had the grandest harbour in the world. His idea was that it would be much better for us to be connected with Ntw South Wales via Wentworth. On this subject he would ask hon. membera to listen to the following paragraph from the Wentworth Telegraph: ' A public meeting called by the Bailway League was held at the Boyal Hotel on Tuesday, July 25. The Mayor (Mr. J. S. Upton) was voted to the chair. A communication was read from the Balranala committee seeking the co- operation of the League in getting the line of railway from Hay extended to Wentworth via Balranald. The Hon. Secretary was requested to reply that the League were taking action in the matter. On the motion of Mr. Dew hurst, seconded by Mr. Bowring, it was resolved that active steps be taken to urge upon the Govern ment the construction of the railway from Hay to Wentworth, and that a petition be forwarded through the Municipal Council to the Commissioner of Railways asking for an immediate survey. It was further resolved to telegraph to the member for the district, asking if he could pay the town a visit when on his way to Sydney. The Mayor and Messrs. Bowring, Simpson, Dew hurst, Wilkes, and others pointed out the many advantages that would accrue to this part of the colony as well as to the metronolis by the extensioa of the Hay line, Mr. Wilkes mentioning that during March last vessels representing some 5,000 tons gross register were laid np here loaded with wool unable to proceed either to Morgan or Echuca, while at Morgan and other ports at the same period 6,000 ton3 of merchandise was waiting a rise in the river before it could be forwarded to its destination. He pointed out that had the line proposed been in existence the whole of tha business would necessarily have gone to Sydney. It was also stated that the value of the imports and ex ports for the past twelve months represented some £2,000,000. Several new members were enrolled.' Sydney had all along been on friendly terms with South Australia, and acted towards it on a fair and reasonable principle, and it therefore seemed to him to be safer to extend our railways to Wentworth than to Victoria, feeling as he did that the bulk of the large trade which he had referred to in Biverina would then flow to South Australia, as it would now were the river navigable. There was a good deal which might be done to make the lower river navigable as far as Wentworth by so directing the flow of the water where it spread over the flats that it would soon form a channel deep enough to allow the steamers to pass np and down, as was done now occasionally by the owners of some barges, ranging them dose to one another in a diagonal line across some wide and sh9llow reaches of the river. Were this done, and the river made navigable at all times of the year, a grand trade would Sow into South Australia fromNew South .Wales. ? As the Orient Company's service affected the question of railway communication with Victoria, he would take the liberty of touching upon the position that Company had assumed in electing to pass by Adelaide and go straight to Melbourne and. home again. (Mr. Tomkinson— 'The? call here on the wsy back; one steamer was here to- day.;*) They called here sometimes, but there was nothing permanent about the arrangement. Like other people, they traded where it paid them best, and he would like to call attention to a certain view which could be taken of this case. By going straight to Melbourne and back he understood the Company's vessels saved about forty hours' steaming, which meant a saving of £600, as each hour's steaming cost £15 or £16, and in addition they pleased the Melbourne people by accepting the great inducements which that commercial centre was able to offer, and which it always would offer. Now, instead of the vessels.ealling at Adelaide, as all would desire, the Company could convey between Adelaide and Melbourne, by means of the coasting steamers, 200 tons of goods for £150, one hundred and fifty second-class passengers at 25s. each for £187 10s., and eighty-seven saloon passengers at 60s. for £261, making a total of £598 10*., or an amount within the extra cost of calling at Adelaide. This was a point worth while considering in connection with making a railway to Victoria, by which the Company could convey 62J bilious passengers from one city to the other at £5 each, or £262 altogether, still bringing the grand total within £600. If the mails were landed here and taken by rail to Mel bourne, he did not think more than 12} hours would be gained, and the people of Victoria in his opinion were - not likely to care much about that saving if they could get tbe mail3 landed direct from the steamers at Melbourne. The position be took on this question was no new one, for ever since he bad been in the House ha had opposed railway communication with Victoria, it being now as it was then premature, and if it were made he believed it would throw the colony back twenty years, be cause it would be impossible to straggle against the great advantage which Melboumepossessedasbeinga great centre of commercial enterprise in this part of the world. The House then resumed, progress was reported, and leave obtained to sit again on Tuesday. POLLING-PLACE ATWILLOWIE EAST. Mr. NEWLAND (for Mr. Tejwant) moved — 'That an address be presented to His Excellency the Governor, praying His Excellency that apolling place may be declared at Willowie East, Hundred of Flinders.' The ATTORNEY ? GENERAL (Hon. J. W. Downer) moved the adjournment of the debate till Tuesday, pending a report upon the subject. ? Carried. ADJOURNMENT. Tbe House at ten minutes to 6 o'clock adjourned till 2 p.m. on Tuesday. 