turns of firms A Scholastic Sensation. — Quite a commotion was caused at the Academy on Sunday morning at abont three o'clock, when an alarm was sounded by Mr. Kewing. It appears tbis gentleman was peacefully rcuuuu in UWMUIA ui JIUIUCUS MUCB ue heard a noise in hits room, which opens on to the back verandah. At first he tookno notice . belie ring it to be a cat, but soon discovered it to be a man crawling on his hands and knees. To jump ont of bed and adze the intruder was the work of a second, and then a scuffle ensued on the brick floor of the verandah. The burglar was the stronger man of the two, but Mr. Xewiug had right and pluck on his side, and, having sung out for help, gamely wrestled with the foe, dung to him, was dragged by him all over the place, covered with mud. and literally had his legs and feet skinned. Eventually Mr. Xewing managed to obtain the mastery, and sat upon his prostrate adversary ust3 Mr. Begg"'s man came to his assistance and caught the fellow by the ear. Mr. Begg here ap peared upon the scene, and was followed by the second master who had provided himself with a huge pistol, and the boarders who bad armed themselves with portions of iron bedsteads, etc. The scene that presented itself was calculated to remind one of Pickwick's memorable adventure, when he scaled the wall of a a boarding- school garden and alarmed the fair inmates, with this exception, that on that occasion there was no such sanguinary en gagement. Previous to Air. Begg appearing, candle in hand, the boys in the dormitory had been under the impression that the noise was caused, by burglars in the front portion of the house, that Air. Begg fiinwlf was | being attacked, and when that gentleman went down the corridor be narrowly escaped having his brains knocked oat bv one of the ancient clan Cameron, wbo, for want of a better implement, the only pistol having, as reported, been seized and loaded by the second master, had armed liimndf with & substantial piece of stretcher. On bring asked his name the prowler gave it as " Woreer," but was identified as the some what notorious character Jack Smith," whom the police have long bfien yafang, and who is suspected of having, on two previous occasions, been illegally on the premises of the same establishment. When Jack saw Mr. Begg he pleaded drunkenness, and Mr. Begg, with a kindness that did more credit to his heart +baw bis said, be might go, and it is unnecessary to add. Smith waited for no second bidding, courteously replied, " Thank yoo, Air. Begg." apparently became sober, and made tracks with what some might bfnt- was indecent haste. SubsequenSy it was dis covered that money was missing from the pockets of Mr. Xe wing's clothes, which would point to the fact that Smith was sot such a fool as he tried to make himself appear, but after this be should bear in ; mind that a pitcher which goes too often to j a well is sure to be broken. Since the above , was wriuen we have learned that the offender wat airested jji about 11 o'clock, last night, near the Racecourse HoteL Thex asd Xow. — When the Western District Coursing Club was first established there was no lack of competitors. The Club was known to bave some of the best coursing ground ip the colony at its disposal, hares were very numerous, and dogs were bent from afar to test the capabilities of the representatives of our best known kennels. Xow all interest in the sport would appear to hare died out ; the Skene ke&nri; only lives in history; there are by no means so many dogs at Hensley Park as there used to be ; Mr. Walter no longer devotes so much tinie to bis'kepnri; Air. Charles Wiggins has given it best ;"Aix, JacksOn/oY $ahdfor4, has not sent a dog 4owh this season ; "Tiger all the way" has been equally remiss ; Afr. Gore does not come farther np country than Ballarat, and, in fact, very few of the old identities take any interest in the sport. That this is the case is shown by the fact that only four nominations were received on Saturday for ihe meeting that was to be held at Warraynre"" on Monday under the auspices of the Western District "<Hnb. Consequently there was no coursing. It is said the high rate of subscription debars many owners of dogs from joining the Club, and this will be proved on Hursday next, when nomiitions are due for the first meeting'' or the iTanidton Gdu&ing; CJab the auu&UMpuim; w wuwu u wuj wui « guinn). ; Forty ' entries, so it " is said, M already been prdtriEed for tLeir first meeting, iiich is to jje held oq ' ifxmday next, and if any bkS number is -secured the meeting will be the most import ant held in this district daring the present season. That the high rate of enbsciptiou most bare had Eomrtbing to do with the filling off in the interest taken in the senior club, is also' sfiofcb fir' the establishment of the Dnnield d»b3 wbieh,we have beeh told; Would never bave been foppefl had it been cheaper to gain admission to the .Western District CInU. The nominations for the Donkeld 'meeting, to be held on Thursday next, were received last evening, and will be found in another column. Oar correspondent writes;— "A Ooniniillte 'Meeting of the Dankeld Coursing C9ab wag behj at Cblljns' Hotel, on Saturday, 19th Inst., for the purpose of appointing officers for the forth-, coming meeting (24th inst.). Mr. Lonis Watts of Hamilton has kindly agreed to folfil thonties-of jndgc ; and Mr. D. Qarke is to take tbe apppmtment qf dipper, andl have no hesitation in saying Sat the Com mittee have placed these two important quriified totelfii"fhem wioite satis faction. 'The meet will take place two miles horn Peorimret, on the Dnnkdd road, the first pair of dogs to be W the rims at S o'dock sharp. Owners of dogs are xSqhided: that all dogs running mnst wear collars. " OmcBR— -Should the Railway j B31 have beep got iogMlf the way.it is our) repawrtatirtfe JntegttflB daring the contnmanoe id the Show, and also to open the bazaar which is to be held in aid of Cnrist Church Building Fond. He is afterwards to pay. 30 visit to the r.4. rv.J»li Mission Station. Politicai. — Monday's Argue sup plies the following : — The principal baanes h the Legislative Assembly tins week will be the Railway Construction B3L A "Vote will be taken as early as possible an the 5di clause of the measure which relates to the erection of workshops, the connexion between Spencer-eteeet and Flinders-street stations, and incidentally to the plans for a central passenger station. The remaining clauses of the bill win then be proceeded with, and afterwards the third clause will be recommitted to enable the House to reconsider subsections, which were merely passed pro Jomui. Hie Government intend to ask the Assembly to assent to certain grants being made to water trusts, on terms previously explained to the House. The a nsi rx- Boeder Pastoral AND ARnlvhubjuL CUtlUJ utnu. uirji annual show of implements, farm stock, kc., to-morrow, and no doubt there will be a large attendance. The prize list is & most liberal one, several valuable special prizes having been given, which with the money offered by the society a total of £220 bo be competed for. All the arrangements iipu'jif.ii for the comfort of viators have been attended to, and fine weather is tiie only wanted to ensnre a successful gathering. Mb. Mprbat Smith at the Cob- des Club. — "Die London papers received oy the man contain reports or tne ..unm dinner of the Gobden Clnb, at which the Victorian agent-general was said to have made a speech denouncing protection. So far from doing this, Mr. Murray Smith ap pears to have explained to the company that although be was a freetrader, he was the representative of a protectionist country, and was anxious not to give offence to his follow- colonists. He therefore contented himself with expressing regret that Victoria should have seen fit to adopt protection." "Che Parish Ohoib. — kVe are re quested to draw attention to an advertise ment respecting Hie re-organ nation of the Parish Church Choir. The Head-master of the College has been appointed Honorary Choirmaster, and is anxious to secure the services of boys for the treble parts. The Choristers will receive free musical instruc tion, and as the practice of choral music forms au excellent elementary mnrical training, parents of young boys with good voices, would do well to avail themselves of the opportunity afforded, apart horn the assistance they may give to the work of the Church. The Nabraooobte Show. — This w«fiB uou vu we i/m iusl., aou uie ct euv drew together a large number of people, and was altogether a gratifying success. Messrs. W. Smith and Co., of Hynam, se cured the inhabitants' cap for the best fire rams. Mr. J. S. Robertson was, however, the most successful exhibitor of sheep, and carried away the lion's share of the prizes. Mr. H- Bichette Pride of Lome was de clared the best draught stallion shown, and Messrs. Hutchison and Dunn's Terfinga the best blood entire. Messrs. Hutchison and Dunn and IV. Robertson were the most suc cessful exhibitors of cattle. The prize wheat weighed fiTJlbs. per bushel, and was shown by Mr. J. Weise, of the Tn tiara The second prize wheat, shown by Mr. J. Smith, also weighed 67£lbs. The Redruth Pigeon Match. — We have been requested to call attention to the fact that it has been found advisable to postpone the Redruth pigeon shooting match to Saturday, the 2nd Septembmt This bae been done m deference to a desire expressed by a number of Intending competitors w ho do not wish to leave Hamilton on the day of Mr. Dickens' sale. It wQl also be observed on reference to the programme, that there is to be a second handicap, when the prize will be that tnapnifippnt. piggfm tnuij mannfai»fairej by Scott and Son, and which has been so much admired by connrasenra since it has been ou view at the establishment of Mr. Rontledge, Scott and Son's agent, in Hamil ton. The handicap for this match will be made after the first sweepstakes has been fired, end entries for it will be received on the ground. Stock and Stations. — Messrs. Ryan and Hammond report having sold, on account of Mesres, G. and C. Lyon, their station in the Wanego district of Queens land, known as Beecbal Creek, comprising the following blocks — Beechal East, Beechal West, Narraport, Karyrie, Bonbeny, Tirga, Chum Plaint, Yalyery West, Buthana, Kool- pitta, Fair lie Plains South, Lares, Yalyery, Wututa, Wat, Chevy. Swansea. Tem, Yanco, Morton Plains, and Watehem, area 1237 sqnare miles, together with 8,000 bead of cattle, 100 horses, plant, eta, Mr. Richard Feehan being the purchaser. Messrs. Salmond and Campbell report having sold, on account of Messrs. Peppin and Webber their Abbotsford station, on Cooper's Creek, in Gregory South district, Queensland, com- prising an area or 9W square mues ox country ; together with 2,000 cattle, station plant, etc., to Messrs. Rouse and Tooth, of Queensland, for the sum of £18,000. Messrs. J. S. Braim and Go., of Deniliqnin and Hay, report the sale by auction of the Parkeacady Estate, consisting of 3,254 acres 3 roods of C. P. land, at 34s 6d. per acre, cash, to Messrs. Blackwood and MfHeckan, of Boa- bula. Alleged Gutbheak of Difhthebi. — Telegraphing a few days ago, oqr Mel bourne correspondent on the 11th inst. stated that a case of diphtheria had been reported from Penshnrst, the victim being a lad, 14 years of age, named William Grosser. By our Tpnnrf of the Shire Council it will be observed this statement was contradicted, the case in question having occurred at Croxton. We presume the error occurred through the case being reported from Pens hnrst, these' bring no elegraph office at Croxton. If, howerer, an anonymous cop respondent is to be believed, there are, or bave recently been, several cases of diph theria at Penshnrst. Our correspondent furnishes us with the names of the patients, but having neglected to forward his own as a guarantee of good faith, ve are unable to make any further nse of his communication. Our Melbourne correspondent too, has telegraphed a sensational item that diphtheria of a malignant type had been reported as existing in the Hamilton State School bnt on enquiry we find that the only foundation for the report is that during the absence on leave of Mr. Bhqgg, the head-teacher, a female pupil was ill some weeks ago from a mild attack, and is now convalescent. Mr. Shngg holds a medical certificate from Dr. Scott to that effect, and also setting forth that the pupil can again attend school, as there is not the slightest fear, of contagion. No other case of the kind has occurred in the school, and Mr. Shugg who has been communicated with by' the Education <fepartjAent on the subject, is greatly puzzled to account for the spreading 'of snch a report. Dr. Annand, Medical Officer of the Hamilton Hospital, repoils that there is not a single case of diphtheria in the Hamilton Hospital. A i a t f? Ulia inrnicf ... Anfi— — a! the Victoria Amatenr Turf dub at Qanlfirid on Saturday was, in the opinion of the jLvyus, one of the most successful, from a raring point of view, held once the in- 1 angulation of that body. The fields were large, the contests exciting, and for once barixav were unusually fortunate. The Sapling Stakes brought out 25 of the 27 on the card, and as micht have been exnected with a luge field of youngsters, Mr. Watson experienced copaderable difficulty in send- mgthem fiway on hhything like'even forms. Duenna, by bxtmer, was the most speedy when the flag fell, and, rushing to the front, led the field homefy a dear length; King of the Forest was second, and Honors third. In the Hurdle Race, Merry Maid ran off the course pear the rod wall, and took three btberBwithher. anderaop, however; kept her going and finished the oonree/ but Rhesus; the L favourite, caught ' her jn the straight and won by a length. Hie stewards die- qualified the rider of Merry Maid for ..12 months for not stoDDmn. and nlaoedDbor- ringile second. In the Australian Amateur Challenge Cup, Birth, who won eerily, ran inside a post, tad ihe rare was awarded to Giowlight, who waif -first favourite at the start ; The Belling Race vras won easily fay The Ghost. The Oaulfirid Grand Naiional prodnoedone of thehest races ever witnessed. Fourteen horses started, and after the fast fence had beeariaared ttwae difficult to aay which would bwin.- . Garngao, who had, patiently ridden foe favourite; brought him to the front in the straight, and he won comfartaHy ; Cfaryaalis Was eeooqd and Brin bfPQiite and he and hfE rider feB over the rails iwfn til riwljilit running- The meeting tras brought to t successful oondnsion by Don QijTidd> who was ty the friends of ufoMsa fflang the first fennnte, flsni fcesBf "for tiie Amateur Handicap EbtSace. Dehtistrii — Mr. Marriott, Dea- iartfa jol Wamombod, es nenr in Hamilton, and may 'be consulted at ABBs CopupctcmI HofeeL-ADvi. Dektietbt. — "Mr. Hwailes 01 visit Portland, Hacfe Hote3. 26tii, 27th, aadSSth Ag|jut ; HtnintqBl AEfls' Hofce!, 29th and 30th ; IaoG Hotel. 31st ; Harrow, PjltftB'B . Hnfal let and 2nd September ; Edenhope, Bbdan's Hotel, 4th ; Cfcetwynd. flicks Hotel, 5th ; Casterton, Gray's Hotel, 6th; Merino, Atackwnod's flotd, 7th ; Ctde- raine, Wrils Hotd, 8& ; Hamilton (return), 9th, i0tfc,asd llth ; PortJand (reton), 12to and 13th. — Advt.) Mdbkat iSD i ATUfiN a FLOBDI "WAS ZB mmnptiifj far HiindlrFTrWrf) Tir1 Hiridj" fragrant. 