> THEATRE ROYAL. MR, DEWHURST AS HAMLET. At the Theatre Royal last night Mr. Dewhurst's impersonation of the Prince of Denmark was an able one, not only evidencing careful study, but being characterised by original, artistic, and powerful treatment. Not faultless, indeed, but, if odious compari- son be permitted, of a higher order of excellence than attained by some of those who have preceded him here in that character. There was altogether an absence of the writing style and stage- struck beating. Mr. Dewhurst acted with a calm vigour and subdued intensity, that tore not the " passion to raise," nor was I yet too tame." Clear enunciation and artistic i expression enhanced the merits of the performance, and Mr. Dewhurst's fine presence gave him a further advantage. There were two or three defective passages, but the excellence of the whole portrayal far outweighed its few demerits. The audience were very evidently of that opinion, re- calling the actor at the end of each act, and twice at the end of the second, in which the declamatory passages had been very effectively given. Of the Ophelia of Miss Hathaway, while unable to speak of it in terms of high commendation, we may say that it was a painstaking piece of acting the lines were fairly well delivered, and the ordeal of the mad scene creditably passed through. Mr. H. N. Douglas made a good aeitOB. Miss Carry George gave an admirable impersonation of Gertrude ; from first to last her acting was finely expressive. She was particularly successful in the chamber scene with Hamlet, in which, in contradistinction, Mr. Dewhurst was at its weakest. The King Claudius of Mr. K. Griffiths was meritorious save in the last act, in which there was a lack of expression. He looked kingly, and bore himself with dignity. Mr. Walter Reynolds played the Ghost satisfactorily. Mr. J. A. Patterson was amusing as Polonius. Most of the minor characters were in- efficiently horne, certain of them being conspicuous failures. The wretched acting served one good end as a foil to the histrionic display of Mr. Dewhurst, and those who did give him worthy support. Macbeth is on the programme for to-night With Mr. Dew- hurst as the Thane of Cawdor, supported by Miss George as Lady Macbeth, and Mr. Douglas na Mactluff, the play should attract a large house. 