„THE IRISH RACE: A VINDICATION." BT J. L- {Continued.) ..The word 'Saxon' may possibly have topped occasionally from our pen when it waa not easy to find a better .substitute, and when the allusion was not so much made to the English as to the settlers in Ulster, and. to the stewards, bailiffs, and other importations from the lowlands of Scotland. It is nbt our boast, because we know it is not the fact that the English people at large are 'Saxon' or 'Anglo-Saxon.' We have repeatedly pointed out, as any regular reader must remember, that the English owe their great versatility and other practical powers, as well as the mixed elements of their social and political fabrics, to the very heterogeneous composition of their race. It has been observed in this place that almost any man you meet in the Strand, unless he be actually and entirely a foreigner, has Saxon, Celtic, Gaelic, French, Flemish, Dutch, and German blood in his veins. The average Englishman is a born Cosmopolite, and to tha mixed composition he owes the universality of his moral affinities and his mental powers. No country in Europe has harboured so many migrations, whether as conquerors as allies, or refugees, or simply as guests, and no people are so free as we are from the follies of nationality. It is then, with no little surprise, that we find ourselves the objeot of a tremendous diatribe from an enraged ethnical philosopher with a Mac to his name in this day's columns. The complaint that we have 'smothered' some of his letters, and the lurking grievance that, in the press of matter, we did not give due publicity to his address at the last meeting of the British Association, we may safely leave to their own merits, as most of our readers will think we have to show cause for publishing such a letter as to-day's, rather than for rejecting others in the same temper and style. But what other crime have we committed that so furious a conflict of races is to be fought at our doors? Is it that we have called the great Duke the true type of an Englishman ? That word has long ceased to be the denomination of a race, for there is no race of 'Englishmen.' In its most restricted sense it means that heterogeneous multitude reaiding in what is called England, and in that larger sense which public spirit, loyalty, oommon sense, and convenience, all conspire to recommend, it means the whole population of the British Isles. As it happens, we are very ill off for a denomination, the legal title of this realm beiner one of the most' unwieldy dimensions. We are forced to personify the whole empire in the title-of England, and we have really no alternative but to call the average gentleman of these Isles an Englishman. In that sense we oalled the Duke of Wellington an Englishman, and had all the less hesitation to do so because he was descended from, at least, two English families, the Colleys and the Wellesleys. For this, strange to say, we have been attacked on both sides. An Orange organ claims the Duke as the very model of an Irish-Protestant gentleman, and now. Mi\ M'Elheran sees the Duke's Celtic pedigree staring him in the face, and flays 'his portrait is the facsimile of a true Highlander or Tipperary man. There is nothing Saxon about ,him.'' We don't profess to be very conversant with races, and it is not at all necessary to any statement that we have made in this place that we should be. But though we cannot see a pedigree, any more than we can see the Cardinal Virtues or the Ten Commandments in a man's face, we can tell a rampait absurdity when we see it. If this learned pundit saw a Celtic pedigree in the Duke's face, he saw that which was not, for the Duke's pedigree was not purely Celtic,-or even mainly Celtic, but mixed; and when the said pundit asserts there is nothing Saxon about him, he makes a statement which, at all events, is exceedingly difficult .to.be proved. It is not worth while going into the Duke's, pedigree, seeing that his fatne fortunately rests upon other grounds ; but it is very odd if a family of such extensive and scattered connection has not gathered a few drops of Saxon blood. In fact, both Cowley and Wellesley are Saxon names. "As in the fable of the Lion and the Sculptor, Mr. M'Elheran draws the Celt everywhere as the master of the Saxon.- The Celt in this singularly happy portrait has a long cranium, high and expressive features, dark or warm complexion, spare and muscular fram«, such as we 'find in our Shakespeares, Newtons, Nelsons, and Wellingtons, in our Stephensons and men of enterprise ; our preat statesmen, authors, .artists, &c.; 'Go into, any learned or illustrious aBHeplr. blage in the kingdom,' continues' Mrs M'Elheran, •' and you will find nine-tenth of them having the Celtic physique.'' Thi' is the Celt, and a very noble and generous animal he must be. Now for the Saxph. .''• " From a long and careful examination he is ascertained-to be a flaxen-haired; bullet; headed, pig-eyed, huge-backed, long-backed pot-bellied, bandy-legged, : stupid, slavish, lumbering surly boor, whose moral state is a disgrace and regret to England. Their uni- formity of complexion and' figure,' their obesity, their weak legs and scanty figure, their small brain in proportion tothe long spine, and large fiat face are .marks of in- feriority ; and so on; for as the subject is a personal one, and .'the comparison is necessarily invidious, our amiable correspondent returns again and again to the agreeable topic, until his abuse gets so black and thick, we may fancy we begin to see the muzzle of a Celtic blunderbus in it. But to what, does it all come ? It is evident from the description, and also from the writer's own admissions. that there are hardly any such Celts in Ireland, and any such Saxons in England. The mythical beings he describes may be found in essays, in the drawings of Irish Craniological professors, and at meetings of the British Association', but at the approach of real life they disappear like ghosts at cock-crowing. How many Wellingtons are there even in Tipperary, where Mr. M'Elheran says they are chiefly to be found ? On the other hand, he admits that what he describes as the Saxon population ' forms a wretched and decreasing minority.' There is really no question between us and our antiqnarian friend. It is our province to discuss real existences—things that are, that act, that have a place and part in this present working world. The subjects of his mystic lore are evidently ideals, rare monsters, curiosities, traditions, emblems, shadows, vestiges, relics, last men, remainder of obsolete races, traces of old creations, in fact what London brokers call 'speculative property.' We take the average Englishman and the average Irishman, the latter, by univefsal admission, a Celt. So far from excluding the Celtic element, however, from the composition of the ordinary Englishman, we have frequently asked what reason the Celt had to complain of English laws, when there were few Englishmen who had not some Celtic blood in their veins. If Mr. M'Elheran will deal with realities—if he will prove that the men who won't fish, who will murder, who live with their pigs in worse than pigsties, who continually repel enterprise by combination, and believe anything but the truth, and obey anything but the law, are not Celts— then he will have written to some purpose ; but that he does not even pretend to do." After the publication of this article, the redoubtable doctor addressed another pungent letter to his adversary, and following, that, the leading journals of England and Ireland poured in their respective contributions. It is needless to refer to these except to remark that the severity of the castigation had for many years a salutary effect upon the thunderer and its servile imitators. We now turn to the bearing of religion on race, upon which absurd hypothesis Mr. Topp has raised an unsubstantial fabric. He says that the corruption of good manners, arising out of the evil communication of a bad religious creed, has not extended to the English and Scotch Catholic, or, if so, only in a mitigated form, and that that religion' is a " worn out system." If the mischievous influence of the worn out system has no effect, except a mitigated one, on any race but the Irish, then it is clear that the charge against the effete creed can not be sustained, but that the cause must be sought for in some deleterious, ethnological element sublimated out of the union of the emotional temperament of the Irish Celt with the universal creed of Christendom. Now, in Ireland we can find among the " descendants of those rude tribes that inhabited the island before the English Conquest" a curious admixture of diverse religious professions. Among such names as O'Brien, M'Namara, M'Donnell, O'Neil, &c.;—regal names before a single mud-wall was raised on the site of London—he will find adherents of opposing churches. To preserve their estates in the penal times many were induced to abjure their faith, whilst those who remained faithful were despoiled of their substance to reward the apostates. One preserved or redeemed his property by a hypocritical and affected compliance with doctrines he did not believe in—the other, sooner than do violence to his conscience, submitted to poverty, degradation, and outlawry in the land of his birth/ yet, according to Mr. Topp's dialectics the profligate is, and ought to be, higher in intellect, morals, and political advancement than the sufferer for conscience* sake. Their descendants exhibit now the natural consequences of the class distinctions created by one-sided laws. Those who by an easy compliance preserved wealth and the means of acquiring : distinction, exhibit qualities incidental to these advantages, whilst the victims of per- Isecution—although of the same stock—oannot always help betraying the sinister effects of that barbarous system of repression which originally warped and . tainted the national character, and whose blighting influence may be yet slightly felt after having filtered through successive generations. If, then, society in Ireland presents striking contrasts outside those produced by the disproportionate incidence of wealth and poverty, the reason must be sought fur in the disturbing agency of bad laws, and not in fanciful relation between religion and caste. The Celtic Scotch and the Welsh have changed their religions—or, rather, they had not fortitude to resist the doctrinal innovations that had been forced upon them; and if these people manifest idiosvncracies, psychological andethical, not inferior to the "dominant tiee," it is clear that Mr. Topp's test of religion to detect race miserably fails. Mr, Topp's vagaries about races and religions and their reactionary effect upon one another, -are quite amusing. He. attributes the success, of the Germans . in the late war against the French to the racial and religious superiority of the former, seemingly oblivions of the fact that the French nation contains a vast proportion of the same teutonio ele iment, the descendants of those prodigious : swarms• that accompanied Pharamond and Childeric from the regions of the upper and lower Rhine, and those others who followed the standard of Attila and his successors; oblivious, also, of the more patent fact that' for one crashing defeat, inflicted upon the French, their foe had, in times past, to endure many equally; severe. If the Emperor William was enabled to dictate terms to the Frank in the palace of Versailles, the Emperor Napoleon was also able to deoree the overthrow of dynasties and reoosstrnot the map of Europe within the royal residences of Berlin and Vienna. Who does not know that, , within the memory of many still living, the armies of Gaul marched triumphantly' through Europe, dictating laws to nations from regions beyond the Danube, to the pillars of Hercules; disposing of kingdoms as if they were play-toys, and only arrested in their victorious career, when the military muster of all Europe was arrayed against them. Surely, if the causes assigned by the deep and scrutinizing Topp be the true one, it must have remained provokingly dormant during the long reign of Louis the XIV., and from 1793. to 1815 and again in 1859, when the teutonic rule of Austria was brought to an end at Magenta. If it were not invidious to notice distinctions where all did well, I could point out that,. in that army of united Germans, comprising nearly as many Catholios as Protestants, the,, post of honour, for manly enterprise, might be assigned to the Bavarians, who were essentially Catholic. How was it then, that the baneful effect of a bad creed did not make itself felt here. It would not be inappropriate while on this topic to mention that it was not to England or Germany, or, what in modern rant is called the dominant races, Napoleon owed his overthrow. That was effected by the chivalrous attitude of old Spain. When the conqueror had Europe prostrate at his feet, and when the gold of England, was thrown broadcast among the cowering nations to entice them to resistance, and to the defence of their homes (but could not), then was it that bold defiance resounded from the South, and that the invincible legions were, for the first time, made aware that they had found their match in the dauntless courage and inflexible devotion of the sons of semi- Celtic and wholly-Catholic Iberia. Nor was this the first time that Frank and Saxon had to reel back before the knightly tilt and thirsty lance of the land of the Cid. Pavia, where the flower of French chivalry perished, and where " all was lost save honour," will ever remain a witness of this truth. So shall Muhlberg, on the Elbe, where the Spanish infantry, more formidable that the Macedonian phalanx or the thundering legion, actually swam the deep and rapid river, with their swords between their teeth, to dislodge the Saxons posted on the opposite and higher bank and far outnumbering them. This feat they accomplished, although it involved a most irregular issue had the Toppian theory been promulgated then. The Catholic religion, according to this astute observer, is a wornout system. If so, it should exhibit some of the usual organic symptoms of decrepitude and decay. Yet some competent authorities, who view the system with no friendly feeling, concur with those who are friendly in the opinion that at no period of its existence, during the last 1800 years, has it shown such manifestations of robust vitality as it does at present. Its professors comprise all nations, tribes, and tongues. It has supplied the wants of nearly one hundred generations of human beings, and will- be busy at its work so long, as humanity exists on earth. It is well for mankind that the grand old Church has within it that sustaining power which has preserved it from the infirmity and decay of all terrestrial things. Her enemies, no less than her friends, are indebted to her for all the substantial good they possess. The liberties we enjoy, the education we take pride in, the knowledge of God and man we have acquired is mainly due to her, who, in the misty past, laid the foundation of ftiese blessings, and protected them amid the crash of empires and the ruin of civilisation. I verily believe that the barbarian avaliinche that swept over Europe and overwhelmed the Roman Empire, would, ... the end, have rooted out every vestige of civilisation without possibility of resuscitation, had not the Soldiers of the Cross, acting under the guidance 'of the Roman Pontiffs, and without any weapons save the emblem of salvation, gained over in the course of time to religion and peace, the savage and turbulent victors. The Magna Charta of our laws has descended to us from the Catholic Times; in" which times were also laid the foundations of our chief educational institutions. Who preserved and fostered learning and the arts throoghout the Middle Ages, and encouraged eb rev^a and farthcr diffusion upon the faU of the lower empire. Who imported the hLaluwT the East to Europe and; stimulated its circulation throughout Italy and France when it had to fly-from Turkish f i S after the capture' of Constanti- nople ? ft was the adherents of the " Worn- out System." Who pierced during the same period the arcana of nature, and let in the light of science to reveal to the astonished gaze of mankind the geography of the earth, and the mechanism . of the heavens ? It was the clergy and laity of the " Worn-out System." Who executed those marvels of architecture, sculpture and painting with which the face of Europe is dotted and its museums enriched? It was the zealous votaries of the " Worn-out System." Who gave to poetry andmusic their modern grace*ancLenconraged the Cultivation of ;them vpith .unremitting ardour; also imparted to jurisprudence, science and literature their philosophic tows. It certainly was.r^on the most part,-we professors of the reviled 'Worn-out system." And, now, may I ask, what were jtfie zealots of Protestantism doing all the time that the " Worn-out System" hod its intrepid missionaries out in every dims, widening the domain of knowledge throughout its multitudinous dynasties P They, too, were not idle; they, too, had their propagandists out, from Jack of Leyden to Captain Smite-them-hip - and- thigh, but not for scientific discovery, but for levelling down all the land-marks of social order; razing the temples of - religion, and extinguishing the monuments and asylums of learning and charity. The evidences of their mad vandalism still meets the eye at every ttirn in the dismantled walls and Mos-sgrown towers of old religious and educational establishments. Oxford and Cambridge may have still some record of the Cromwellian edict that interdicted their teachings as being an emanation of the evil one, and turned their sacred halls into military mews. Nor did aversion to polite learning cease with the ebb of that fanatical paroxysm that distinguished the Cromwellian era. Shorn of its terrors by the restoration, it sulked into sullen silence for a while, but only .to break out again in a puny and peevish form among the earlier Methodists. The hatred of those ignorant sectaries to astronomy and all learning, profane and polite, reveals the fact that religious frenzy is ever the same, whether found among Syrian Arabs, Turks, or Britons, and only differs in mischief by the measure of its power to inflict it. The Catholic Church has, in all ages and countries, shown a wise spirit of adaptation to the laws' and- institutions legally established. It is equally loyal to Monarchy, under its various phases, in Europe, and to- Republicanism in America. It was loyal to the Tudors even when these sovereigns were relentlessly persecuting it, and it was loyal to the Hanoverian succession when Scotland was in armed resistance, and England not much better affected.: Yet, this spirit of loyality, which should receive the highest praise, is, where the Irish are concerned, esteemed a reproach. The disposition of the church in relation to Government is laid down in the canons of the 4th Council of Toledo, and reads as follows : —" He is King who rules his people with justice—If he rule otherwise, he shall be no longer king." This canon was proclaimed by Saint Isidore in the name of the Church. {To be continued.) 