POLLARD'S LTLIPOTIAN OPERA COMPANY. Pollard's LQiputian Opera Company com menced a season on Saturday evening, at the Theatre Royal, when Planqoette's ep&rkling; three act comic opera, 'Les Cloches deCorae vffle' (the 'Chimes of Normandy1*) was given as an introductory performance. There was a good attendance, tbe house being well filled in every part. The management were happy in selecting the 'Chimes of Normandy' for the opening night, as it comprises one of the very few pieces so effectively and har moniously arranged to be in keeping with the performance of a favourite troupe. The story of the play is thus told -.—The Compte de Lncenay, under attainder for treason, flies from France, leaving an infant daughter, Locienne, knovrn in the action of the piece as Gennaine, in the case of a retainer, Gaspard, wbo brings her np as his own, and likewise appropriates the Count's treasure, and hoards it in the deserted Chateau of CorneviUe. By a device of old Gaspard to frighten intruders, the castle is believed to be haunted. When the open opens, a bevy of '' HaniBfila devjnely delicious ' are on their way to the hiring fair, and lately servant to Gaspard whom she has, however, left. Gennaine joins this band, also fleeing fron Gaspard, wbo wishes to force her into a marriage with the village Bailie. Gennaine has betrothed herself to a neerdo well young fisherman, Grenicheux, whom she supposed saved her life ; the truth being that tbe long-lost heir, Henri de CorneviUe, captain of « letter of marque, was her preserver. He returns at the opening of the drama, and being about to take possession of the castle, engages servants, amongst others Gennaine, Serpo lette, and Grenicheax. The haunted halls of the chateau comprise the nert scene, where the young lord* with his crew, are prepared to } meet the ghosts of the tradition. Here he dis covers that tbe girl be rescued is Germaine, and that Lucenay had left a daughter with Gaspard. Serpo'ette concludes she is the child. The old miser, who does not know he is watched by Grenicheux, appears and works his phantoms, but on the appearance of mailed spectres be sinks on his gold, terror-stricken. The last act nnravels the mystery attached to Germaine, who is hailed as Mddle. de Lucenay, and she bestoWB her hand on the young coant. The piece ran fcmoothly throughout, wliiie the correctness with which the various parts were rendered shoved that the LOipatians are artistes of do small order. Their training is perfection, and to this matter tbe success of the company has in a great measure been beholden. Every look, motion, or gesture of the little ones is in keeping with tbe piece, while the leading voices are remarkably good and quite beyond all expectations from children of such tender years. The Bailie of Corse ville (Master C. O&moud;) 'asxraBy old gentleman — local big wig. sheriff; And general compendium of the magistrate at Uw, u as f way and garrulous a& bailie- usually are, and in spite of his remarks to his factotum 'don't be frivolous. Go bo.' The little clerk (Miss Amy Brooks) thoroughly looked the piece, and appeared as melancholy, as meek, and as eabdued as a winter robin. Miss Maud Pollard ai tbe Marquis de Corne ville played the leading and heaviest part cleverly, and with good taste, fully earying out tbe importance of the young Marquis, whose sole aim appeared to be unravelling tbe ghostly mystery attached t** the decaying rooms of tbe old chateau of Comerille. Tbe singing on the wlio'e was good, the the piece. One of the prettiest of these is the Legend oi the Belles, the music of which is carried on at intervals throughout tbe opera, and is one of tbe gems. Tin; opera company on the whole is among the hest that has yet visited tbe province^, and is iveU worth seeing and hearing. The Chimes of Xormancv was repeated at the Theatre Boyal on Mon-iay by Pollard's Liliputian Opera Troupe V. a large and admiring audience. Tlitr ? uvcnDe artistes were evidently it* their btst form, and were repeatedly encored for their ^iever acting and mellifluous sinking. Mist Maud Pollard makes a splendid \Iarqui?, aa-l waa received aud applauded repeatedly n-ith creat en thusiasm. Master E- Oenw.4 as Biilie. and Miss Brooks as his clerk, -were exceedingly anmsinj*, and caused uqcus* reliable laughter by their clever acting. Gr^nicheur (Master C Osmond ) the 6sher lad, formed a fine contrast to Gaspard (Matter Salinger) the old miser : the one careless, free, and loriag, Miss Salinger as Germaioe. and Miss May Pollard as Serpolette, reel' red their parts with charming uaictf an.' grace. There was a freshness and e;-: rit about their acting that made it quite realistic. Tbe audience was apparentlv greatly de lighted with their efforts. Christopher (MUa E. Wallace) the follower of the Marquis by his 'quips and cranks and wanton wiles.' added greatly to tbe fun of tbe piece. Al) the other members ctf the Oijjiany — and they are too numerous to menti-:. — played their parts very smartly and naturiUy, so that the interest and amusement ircre kept np from beginning to end iritboat a. :)ieck. Some of the situations and scenes are very pretty and effective. The May-pola dacce is a very cifcver performance. In our former notice o£ the Company we inadvertently omitted to make mention of the Orchestra, t'..e conductor of which is Mr. J. J. Pollard, jtnr. It includes . £tnn£ed and wind instruments, and is just strong enoagh for our littlt theatre. The music of the Opera is lively and sparkling, and the overtures and accon.|ianimenls were capitally rendered. Onreocntry visitors will find the entertainment a motr eujorable one, snd we commend it to their attention. Fiee cs Melbouene and IjOss of Life. — A. serious fire, whicb, besides destroying pro perty of considerable value, ci&sed; tbe dealb. of » young man named Thomas fieynolds, nineteen years of age, occ aired at three o'clock on Sunday week in a larpe building in Beckett-street, jointly occupied by Cohen, a furniture manufacturer, and Corrie, a flock manufacturer. The buildios was constructed of brick, and the contents were of such an inflammable nature that the efforts of the firemen, who exerted themselves to the utmost, were quite inadequate to subdue the flames, whicb were not completely accom plished until nearly noon. It was believed that no person was in the building when the fire occurred, but whilst the firemen were engaged, at about ten this moraine, they were astonished to find the dead body of Reynolds, a cabinetmaker, who was employed by Cohen. One of hia legs was slightly burnt, otherwise there was no apparent injerv. Death bad evidently been caused hv bz location. Rey nolds' parents Htate that 'tlirir son left home half anhour after midnight Purinp the pro gress of tbe tire one of tbe u alls MI in, oat fortunately no persons wert tujnred. Mr. Corrie estimates his loss a: £100, and Mr. Cohen at £1500. So far as yet ascertained the total insurance only reached £200. Tbe origin of the fire is not know a. It probably occurred tlirouch some n.«g!*-ct of deceased Reynolds in handling fire. McxicrrAL Stonewalling.— It is not often that tbe expedient of etoaevrallinrr is resorted to in Municipal Councils. An instance has. however, f-ccurred qnite reotntjv 10 lnvercsr giU, New Zealand. The event is thus described by a correspondent of the O'-.i'jo iVitn^i : — ** At a meeting of tha Town Council last nijiht (May II), Councillor Finn moved— 'That the resolution of the council at the previous meet ing prantinjr £10 for the employment of private detectives to discover nffenders against the prohibitoin clause of the Licensing Act be rescinded.' Councillor Hate'?, then rose and talked against time and the motion. His fellou* members then procee'it-'l to make them Belvefcomfortableforthenigbt. eoroe taking off their boots and sitting at the ::re, while others made two cliairs do duty for coaches. One of the councillors offered him a c!:etjae for £l0to stop talking, while another supplied him with a dictionary lest his supplv of material should run oct. At fire minutes tn 1 &.m, the ad journment of the meeting was moved, bnt ruled out of order. At a quarter to *2 a.m. it was suggested that oysters should be provided for the reporters, hut this «a' not carried out. VariouB expedients were rtsi-tert to in the hope of stopping Councillor Hatch, bnt in vaid. At ten minutes |-ast 4 ^.m., hy which time he had taken refuge in the Liceu&iag; Act, whose clauses he was iiiscust-in£ with 1 exuberant verbosity/ another councillor arrived, which, it was understood, would resnlt in the motion beinc lust. Councillor Hatch then eat down, haviuc spokeu Hkk aud A half honre. Councillor M'Ewan, who sup ported tbe motion, thereupon r»se and threatened to talk till noon. He continued there being no bope of other members arriving and so altering the result serenJ councillors lifted their hats from the racks and stole any. The meeting then clewed for want of a -|uorum. Councillor Finn »UI hare to give a fresh notice of motion**1 