The ninth annual report of the lately resuscitated Chamber of Commerce abounds in food for reflection and illus trates, in a very striking manner, the utility of the principle of deliberative organisation as a. means of giving due prominence to the resources, the advan tages, and especially the needs of the tovrn and its environs. Ill-natured out siders may, indeed, perhaps be disposed to observe that too much prominence is given to the matters that form the sub ject of the Chamber's deliberations, and to the influence of the Chamber itself in conducting them to a successful issue ; and there is, indeed, no denying that local volunteer associations of this stamp rarely sin in the direction of neglecting to take credit to themselves for any concessions obtained by the mercantile community during the pre vious year, whether such concessions be directly traceable to their representa tions or not. The fault, however, if it be one, is but venial ; and eince associ ations, like individuals, are apt to he taken by the world generally at their own estimate, it may be an act of real necessity to blow the trumpet now and again with rather more vigor than the victories achieved quite warrant. 'We dwell, according to one Anthony Trollope, in a veritable cave of JEolus : where, then, everybody is engaged as a pure matter of business in ' blowing' either high or low, a newly revived local institution of undoubted usefulness like our Chamber can hardly be blamed for falling in, to some extent, with the prevailing fashion. That much real good has been accom plished there can be no doubt. The mere function of continually reminding the Executive of its duties towards an isolated community is well worth dis charging, quite apart from any tangible achievement in connection therewith.' ' Out of sight, out of mind' is a saying that holds good of communities as it does of persons; Eockhampton owes the many exceptional favors it enjoys solely to the proficiency attained by its public men in the art of political bullying. 'Where would Brisbane be without its deputations ? The boiler that sets this machinery in motion s never allowed to get cold ; the steam is constantly at high pressure, and can be turned on at a moment's notice by the engineer in (charge. So we of Mary borough, who have no pale ghost of Separation to play at bogie with, by whom, the Bcience of judicious bottle holding has yet to be acquired, and in whose category of public amusements deputations figure butrarely.are mainly dependent ou our commercial institute for guch scant courtesy as we receive from the Executive. Nor must the material result of even formal corres pondence, provided it is but constant — be undervalued. The poison-doses administered to heads of departments, ministerial or otherwise, may be but homoepathic individually, but their effects are cumulative in the adminis trative system, until a radical alteration and stimulation of its usually sluggish functions is attained. Glanc ing through the long list of subjects touched on in the last annual report of the Chamber, one cannot help being Btruck with the changed Bpirit and intention with which many of them are being dealt with now-a-days, aB compared with the past. There is still much eullen indifference on the part of the powers that be, to topics regarded locally of the first importance ; much obstinacy in refusing to view questions from a local, or other than a Brisbane, standpoint ; and too much reliance on local disunion to frustrate the newly revived tendency towards organized political endeavor. But on the whole there has been progress, esoteric as well as outwardly measurable, and the general community, commercial or not, are gainers thereby. It is far easier to find fault than to improve on what has been done, and now that the last pre text for the indulgence of carping re flections on the ' delusiveness' of the Chamber has been removed by the admission of all subscribers to the meetings of the managing Committee, it is to be hoped that a more healthy interest than hitherto will be manifested in the working of an institution whoso membership ought to be, if it is not yet, co-extensive ?with the business commu nity itself. 