T lie Lndy's Neut. It was a dark, gloomy afternoon, towards the end of November, 18—7 Everything was dull and cheerless ; the deer cowered closely in the covers ; the trees looked hire nnd dis mal ; nnd a general odour of dead leaves norvaded everything. Two hoys were hurrying across the park, on their way homounrd, eagerly discussing that day's rtiti with the Cotswolds, of which they had seen ns much ns it is possible for two remarkably-active boys, knowing every inch of the country, to do on foot. fox. I knew it was nil up with thcra when I saw hiin head for Chcrry-gorse ; nbver mind, we'll have him next time.'' "Aud didn't Leo ride liken brick," chimed in the younger boy; "ami didn't Hazard carry him like n bird ; he doubles his legs under him properly nt the fences." "I'll got a mount next season, " continued the elder one— ' it's a shamo that I didn't this; but, never mind, I'll moke up for it then. Won't I show the way 1 We must hnrry on though, tho dressing bell will bo going dircc'ly," suid he, tearing round the corner of the house, and in nt the front door. Ho was hurrying across the hill, on his way upstairs, wheu, by the fire light, lie raw a figure fast asleep on one of tho sofas. He paused immediately. "Oh, Claud, my eye; hero's n lark; look at Leo ; now for it." And, approaching the fire, lie drew something from his jiocket, which lie held to the flume. " What arc you going to do Dick" (dare devil Dick, ns he was generally called.) "Wait n moment and you will see young'im — only don't wake hiin ns you value your life ; you'll get a precious lamming if you do." Leo slumbered peacefully ; his pink coat and mud-be spattered tops showing plainly that he had licen no laggard in the day's pro ceedings. His liat nnd whip lay ou the carpet beside him. He was a tall, slight, fair-linircd young fellow, n thoroughly good specimen of young England, good with the bnt, good across country, nnd stroke in the College boat. Dick having blackened the cork to his entire satisfaction, approached his sleeping cousin, nnd, with a few light ami artistic touches, decorated him with black eyebrows nud moustache, lo the intense delight of master Clatul, who bad the greatest difficulty in restraining his mirth. "Hush! Hush! here come tho girls; go for your life ; " criccl Dick, shoving tho cork, black as it wns, into Iris pocket. Out they scurried, through a groan baize door leading to the servants' premises, just down tho broad stair-ease. Both were tall girls ; and, as far as could be seen by the fire light, both fairly good-looking. It wns a grand old hull : the roof vnultcd ; the centre of the tloor covered with a tlriek Turkey carpet ; the wall's polished-oak, and decorated with stags' heads, stuffed pheasants, and some nice tiger and bear-skin rugs on the floor adding to the look of comfort. " Hush 1 there is your brother oslccp ; is it not?" tnid the younger girl, pointing to the rccumbant Niturod. " Yes, indeed it is, and the gong will go in a few minutes ; anil nothing vexes 1'apa so much ns being kept waiting. I wonder John has not lighted the lamp ; it is bliml niuu'n holiday here. 1 will wake Leo. Why, it is not Leo, after all. Who can it lie?" said she, drawing back. The black eyebrows nud mouftache bestowed upon him by Dick quite altered hi expression; nnd the two girls were hurrying off, when the footinnu, appearing with a lamp, threw a light on the subject. Both girla burst into a peal of laughlor, which awakened the tired youth, who wit up, ami gazed in si lent amazement at them both. The unfortunate footinnu hurriedly placed the lamp on- the hull-table nnd made a rush through tho green baize door before giving ven tto his feeling. "Well, upon inv word, I cannot rco the point of the j-.'kc," said the unconscious Leo, in a sulky voice, ns the two girls threw them selves on the soFa opposite to him, and laupliod till the tears came to their oyes. "Oh I Leo, LoI do, for goodness -sake, go nad look in the gins," cried his- Ulster, vainly trying to speak calmly. ; At this moment tho drawing-room door opened, and a somewhat stiff and stately old gentleman entered the hall. " Why, Susy, Mary, whnt is nil this noise nbout? ' said he. in rather an irritable tone of voice. Here he paused, for at this'momcnt he caught sight of his son's face. n Why, Leo I Good heavens, sir, what can you bo thinking of, making such a Tom fool of yourself; von are old enough to know better, sir; I have no patieuue with such child's play." " I beg your pardon, sir,'' replied T.en, rising calmly ; 44 1 do not quite undursland." 44 Not understand I not understand !" said the irate old gontlemnn. pointing to a largo glass over the mantle shelf. 41 Look at your self hi the glass, sir ; look at yourself." Leo walked towards the glass, nnd.plncing his hands on the chimney piece, gazed with great astonishment, and .some disgust, nt the chnngo in his pcrsonnl appearance. 41 That young villain Dick, I'll engage ; I'll be oven with him for this ; but really 1 nm not sure Hint if is not rntlicr nn improve ment—it really is well done," said he, with the eye of a eonnowxeur. " o.tsy did not know you, sir. She thought you were some disringirisbed stranger," cried May, going off into another peal of laughter. In winch she wns joined by her cousin ; nud her uncle himself could not repress n smile as Leo vanished up the stairs to repair damages, running against another young lady at the top, who started back with a cry of astonishment. 44 It ia only I. Leo," cried he, ami, mutter ing something nbout thwc horrible boys, he dashed on to iris room, nud she continued her way down stairs. 41 Did you see Leo I Did you see hira ?" cried Susy and Mary nt once. " I advise Dick to keep ont of Leo's way." At this moment a merry face appeared at the green-baize door, and looked cautiously rouud before venturing out. " Oh, Dick 1 Dick! was it yon?' thoy both exclaimed. 44 Of coiiTic it wn«. Didn't he look beauti ful ; whero is he now ? he will bo n muff if ho washes it off ; he looked quite handsome. You should have seen John ; I thought lie would have split his sides laughing, aud Tongue, who wns so indignant, kept on tell ing iilm he wns a fool." 44 1 believe 1'apa thought Leo had done it himself ; he wns so cros9. You have not heard the last of it, master Dick." 44 1 don't care ; I don't believe Leo will say much ; he is a good brick ; I will go and make It up with him and away lie rushed up-stnh's to his cousin's room. 44 Here', Leo, Leo, let me hi," cried he, hammering nt the door. 44 Let you in, yon young reprobate," said his cotndn, npjiearing at the door; "you deserve n proper hiding, nnd I would give it yon, only I have not time now. It will be one mora against the dny of reckoning; you will get it sumo time or other, my young friend, never fear." 48 Wire in, old man ; I won't funk, "replied tho youth calmly ; 44 hut you cau't hit a fellow very hard, for it is just tho sort of thing you would have dono yourself." Illlllg JrUlll , |llll lllUlJ studs into my shirt, old follow ; I'm in no cud of a- hurry. The gong will go in a moment, aud the governor is cranky to night.'' Oh, Leo ; I wish I had been thcro ; and I would too, only I thought if I was in the way I might get a hammering. Susy de clared that uncle thought you had done it yourself. lie must have thought you were tight, Leo ; what a lark." 4 Shut up, Dick, and don't make a fool of yourself, the Governor knows mo too well for that. Ju'»t rush down and tell Tcnguc not to sound the gong for live minutes, there's a good kid." 44 Kid, indeed 1 You had better not insult me," cried Dick, going off. A few momenta after, Leo appeared in the drawing-room as cool nud composed ns if nothing bad happened, and almost nt tho same moment the butler threw open tho dining-room door, with tho announcement, 44 Dinner is served," and they all wended their way to the dining-room. chapter ii. Thoy found Dick already at the tnblo— not caring to meet his uncle In the drawing- vooQi. He greeted I.eo with a knowing smile ns he entered. They were a small party nt dinner this evening, with the single excep tion of the enrnte of the parish, there being no fitranger present. A youug French girl, a school friend of his sister's, named Alix dc Broutellcs, seated herself beside Dick, 44 Oh, Dick I Dick ! I fear you are a sad, bad boy," said sho, laughing. 44 Oil, no, Mademoiselle dc Broutellcs , I am the quietest boy in the school at Chel tenham." 44 What must the others be, then ? said she, laughing. 44 Immbs 1 all of them ; and old Brook Smith is our shepherd ; nnd a fine, fat old shepherd he is, too." 44 Who is Brook Smith ? One of your mas ters, I suppose." 44 Yes, and the head of our house." Let ns glance round the table, nnd mnko acquaintance with our dramatis persons. At the head of tne table, in faultless evening drc.sx, sits Sir Lcolin Moryllian, a genttumnn of good old country fnmily, piquing himself a good deal on Iris ancestry, ami fond of talk ing of his horses, cattle, etc. Facing him sits his eldest sou Lcolin, with whom we arc already acquainted. His niece, May Somer set, n bright, uierry-faccii girt of about 19, sits on his left, aiul ou his right Alix de Broutellcs, a dark-haired nnd dnrkJeyed French lassie, who was also a distnut con nection of his Into wife's. Susy, Iris only daughter and the pride of his heart, Diok, and the curate, a gentlemanly good- looking fellow with hi3 heart iu his work, formed the party. The dining-room was brilliantly lighted, a bright fire burning on the £ratc; the heavy crimson velvet curtains, and the exquisite glass and silver on the table, making a very comfortable picture on this cold winter night, when the wind whistling round the gable ends, and moaning through the trees that "grew almost up to the windows ou one side of the house, which looked beauti fully cool and pleasant in the summer, when covered with their bright thick leaves, bnt dreary, ami bare, when, as uow. they waved their leafless branches in the winter blast. 44 How it is blowing to-irigbt, Dick; the wind does moan so ; it makes me feel quite trhta." 44 Y cs, I would not care to lie at sea to. night, Mademoiselle dc Broutellcs ; there will-be a heavy oa ou off the point." 44 I saw the fishing boat hurrying back as I came across tho park," said Charles Dim lop (" The Reverend Charles," ns Dick mid Claud irreverently called hiiu ; but ho was a prime favorite with them both, as also with most of his parishioners.) 44 Dick ; there must he a phost in this rambling old house, I mn sure." said Alix, turning to her left-hand neighbor. "Ghost! 1 should rather think there is; but you are not frightened of ghosts, to ho sum, Alix 44 Well, 1 am not acquainted with so many that I could say for certain ; but nrc you making thu joke Dick, or Is it really tlint there is a vcvcmmt here iv " I dnn't know wlmt you call a revennnt ; but hudi ! 1 am afiaid some of uncle's ances tor. must have been a horrid hnd lot, for cer tainly they do tnkc to roaming nbout in nu unpleasant manner. Now, you know, thcro arc ghosts ami ghosts. It is a very respect able thing to have a good old 1st century spirit nrrnyed in velvet nnd. white wig; ft gives a tone to a house.. Or cvonTn lady dressed in a sack— not a conI-?ack or flour- sack, or anything of that kind— but souie kind of ladies' garment that they, .used to' wear in olden times." . 44 Oh, I know, saequc. Yes, yes ; iu the time of Louis Quntorzo tho.. ladles did wear sncqncs." 44 But our ghost is not rospcolablo nt all. He goes about in milium: but Iris shroud, and that not a very good olio, decidedly mouldy looking.'' . 44 Whnt, you've seen it yourself, then. Dick. Ah 1 Mini Diea I I will he frightened to go about by myself lu the dark' now. : . . "Seen it 1 Oli, you may meet with tho old gcutlcmnn almost any flight hi tho north gallery between 12 nnd 1." "Whnt is that you aromylng, Dick," ex claimed Leo, who caught a fow words of tho Inst part of tho conversation. 41 Ob, nothing; nothing, Leo," replied. he, adding iu a low tone to his neighbor, 44 (Jnclo docs not like it to bo talked about." When tho ladies retired to tho drawing- room, Alix du Broutellcs immediately at tacked Miss Muryllian nud her cousin about the ghost. 44 Diek has boon making up some story to frighten you, Alix ; yuu must not : lisluti to iris storic. He is much loo loud of doing that kind of tiling." - . " Then it is not true, then ; it Is all whnt wo cull dc.i c ont en. 1 did want so much to see what you call a real ghost." " You, Alix i " cried Susy, looking in per fect astonishment nt tho dark-eyed little brunette. 44 You ; why 1 do not believe you have any more conrngothan n mouse." "That is not so ; you think English girl liavo all the courage ; but I tell you the French are frightened of nothing, nnd 1 would not be frightened— no, not if I saw twenty revenants." "Well, I would, then ; I had rather not, thank you ; hut if you really do beltovo in the supernatural," said May, laughing,-41 You should go up to tho Lady's Rent." 14 Whnt is that ? " enquired she, quickly. 44 Oh, it is n place on the cliffs. There is a sort of sent in the rock there, nud the story is that if you go up there un the loth of November, and scat yourself iu tho scat ex- nelly ns Ihe clock strikes twelve, you will see nil that is going to happen to you during the year pas before you.' \- j>ul nuw trim you: tt mn uu juu iiicnii i "Well, there is a high, rocky trail just opposite the scat, and they say that you see it nil on thu wall just aj if it wns n picturo or looKing glass." 41 And do yoti believe It Susy ? Do you be lieve it May ?" "Not a bit, of course not; people always- toll those kind of stories." 44 Why do you tell mo, then, if . voii. do not believe it. I would liko to try.". 7 . "Alix, Alix; how can . yon bo. so "silly,? cried tho other two girls nt onco. - . . . .. , 44 1 nm sure MudemoisoUe Alix i never silly." cried Leo, coming in at . tho moment, am! joining them. : , 44 Monsieur Leo, your sister and your cousin do think that it is only English girl that have tho coinage ; you do not think that ?" . 41 Of course not ; they were only joking to tease you." 44 Oh. bnt Leo "cried Susy, 44 Alix snid'shc. would like to go up to tho Lady's Scut nt twelve o'clock at night, on tho 15th of No vember." 44 She was only laughing at you, of course, Susy." 44 No, I did not laugli, Monsieur Leo," said she impetuously ; 44 1 did menu it." 44 Well, I am euro of olio thing, that you would find it remarkably coldand unpleasant ; but hero is uiy uncle and Dunlop, solhopu you will give lissome music," Raid ho, making towards the piano. Miss Moryllian and her cousin were both good pinnistes, nnd Ahx do Broutellcs had a volco ns clear ami bright ns n bird's, nnd sang song after song until she perfectly charmed 'old Siy Lcolin. Tho gentlemen, too, had both good voices, and could take their part in a duet or trio, especially Leo, whose voice, a remarkably true nrnl sweet tenor, was very pleasant to listen, to. 44 How could you ho so foolish, Susy, us to talk in tho way you did to Hint impetuous little French girl ; I thought you knew bettor ? ; : 44 1 didn't,' Leo ; ithfas Dick's fault; he was tolling her ghost stories at dinucr-tiuic, and wlieu wo camp in hero I - told her. tho tradition of tiio Ladv's. Beat— that was all." 14 Well, I would not say any. more ; sho is so excitable. ; What a pretty piquniito lltllo tiring she is." ' " Yc| isn't sho charming!,' Oh,, Leo, how it Is blowing still I " ' " Indeed it i, Miss Moryllian," said Dun-' lop ; 44 1 think I wilt go up to tho point ; tho sea will be a grand sight, nnd I,wnnt to And out if nil the fishing-boats got in safely." 44 1 haven good uiirid to go with you," said Leo, -walking to the window, nntrdmwing back tho curtain. - It wns Indeed n wild night. The moon had risen, and was shining fitfully between nmsscs of heavy, . whito clouds, the trues bending to the force uf tho wind. - In the distnnce they could see tho dark sea, flecked here and there with white fonm, and they could plainly hear tho heavy waves breaking on tho rocks. Here and there a slur shone faintly, quickly hidden by the hungry clouds driving across tho sky. 44 How wild it looks," said Susy, drawing near her brother, and prying her arm through his. 44 Oh, I.eo, how grand the sea must be at the point ; do let mo go with you." 44 You, riy dear girl ; why, you could not stand against the wind, nnd the chances are it will rain, loo, before long." 4 lmleni, 1 could ; oh, do let me go." 44 And I. too, would like to go," cried Alix dc Rrortellcs ; " Oh, Monsieur Leo, let us all go." . 44 Very well ; nwnv with you, then, for your ulster, pjul put oa close c»ps ; you wilL keep nothing else on your bonds." 44 Where is your sister?" Raid old Bir Lcolin, enuring in to the room nt that mo ment. 44 They have nil gone to put on their hats ; they nrc coming up wit1) me lo the point to" look nt the Rcu.'' 44 1 believe it will rain, and thoy will nil get wet ; it is a very mad Idea. You hnd better have left them at homo." ' 44 They wanted to come so much. I will . bring thorn back directly, if the rain comes down." The girU camo in nt this moment, looking very.. warm nnd comfortable in their thick ulsters and seal skin caps. 44 Mind, my dial Busy, I will not hnvo you stay out if it commences raining. I do not like your going, it is so cold ; you must not let them stay long, I.uo," 44 Very well, fir," replied Leo, appearing with Iris great coat on . Now, then, we had better be off." 44 Mademoiselle, do Broutellcs, take my arm,"' cried Dick ; 44 the wind will blow you away." ' 41 Why yon somelimcscall me mndemoUcllo and sometimes Alix, Dick ?" .... : 44 Well, I thought you might thinly tna .. .. cheeky if I called yon Alix," r yuu, no; 1 liko it from you ; 'you arc only n little boy, Dick. If you wore grown up it would bo different. . buay had taken her brother's nrm, and Mr. Dnulop had constituted lrimrolf ' Mny'u pro-., tcctor. - ' " What a charming little tiring that French girl is, Lucy ; so bright and piquantp,'' . s 7 Rho is more than that, JiCo ; she 1 a per fect little sister of charity at home. You should see her going about the village witfiV Justine. Every one who is sick or iu anjf ' trouble, goes to her, and she has a kind wont ; . for them till." I ' "Master Dick walked off with bcrin rnllitr/ ' a cool way," grumbled Leo, 11 44 Sho likes Dick; he amuses her. She told ino ho was one very nice buy." 44 1 heard him spinning her u flue lot of yarns all dinuer-tinie, mid she was listening with those great brown eye of hers wide open. What wonderfully-exprcasivo eyes she has, Susy / " 51 " Y\'s, just like n (log or a cmv, ko trusting.? 41 You ought lo be nslmmcd of yourself. Whnt a comparison ; fancy comparing Alix dc Brnutelln's eyes lo a cow's." 44 Leo I a cow has beautiful eyes. Itavo you over looked at my dear old Beauty V soft- . brown eyes ? They jscem to |Kink to you." 44 N« thank yon ; I have something else to do. How woll die walks, Susy. Why does a French woman always walk 6o much belter than mi English woman I" 44 I don't know, but Ihuy do. When wo went out together at school, after it lmd been raining, Alix would como buck without a spot, and 1 would bo covered Vlth mud." 44 How long is she. going to stay, Susy 7 Do you know if she can ride /" 4 No, I don't think so. French women do not ride so much as English women, you know." 44 1 will pnon leach lier. Bess would carry her beautifully, and she lins pluck- enough for anything." Hithorlo they had been wnlklng through the jKirk, and the trees lmd sheltered them tho timber, and a grand sight met Ihcir view "ns thoy approached the j>oint. The Wind was so strong that novum! t fines Susy clung to her brother' arm, hardly able to stnud against It. The sea came rolling in round thu point, tho wave breaking on the rocks Willi a noire liko thunder. All along the const It was one sheet of foam. Home of tho fishermen were on tho bunch drawing their bouts higher up, out of reach of the en croaching waves. 44 Ir it not splendid," said Susy, ns May - nnd the eiimtc joined them. 44 Splendid, indeed; but, oh, the poor ships nnd sailors out on such a wild uight I" 44 4 The Sailor Wife, the Sailor's Star rbnll be,' " sang Dick ; 44 and n pretty bright ono she would have to he to-night.',1 "Boor wives," sighed Alix. 14 Ah, Dick, you laugh ; but mony womou nrc sighing to night, and looking out mid preying forthoso who uliiill never come home again, nnd per haps now, as vvo stand hero, soiuq poor souls are going through the deep waters. But, oh, there is rest beyond ." 4f Leo, if you will look nflor your cousjti for a moment, I will go down tho cliff nnd spunk to the men," said Mr. Duulop. . 44 Take my other nrm, May, and we will get behiud this rock. Wo shall bo mora sheltered there. Don't bo long there, Duu lop ; there is n black cloud coming up, nnd I am afraid of rain." Mr. Dunlop wns already off on liSs way down the cliff, staggering along, the wind every now and again sweeping him nearly off nis feet. 44 Here conies his reverence," said ono of the men catching sight. 44 He is a good plucky 'un, he is." " 44 Are all tho boats in, Sam ! " cried Mr. Dunlop, ns soon ni he got within speaking distnnce. ; 4< Aye, nyc, sir ; every one of 'em, tlmnk God," replied Sam O'Brien. "Thcro would not bo much chance for 'cm to-night if they were rial- There will bo sotno poor souls iu kingdom eomo afore morning if this kcopa up," 44 God help all (hose at sen to-night," re- plica Mr. Dunlop reverently. " l am thank- ful you all got iu before tho storm got up." 44 Yes, your reverence; hut Jack Dcnlmin had' a near squeak of ii. 1 thought ho would not round Ihe point nt ono time, You'd better be getting back home, air; the rain will bo down before long." 44 Some of you will keep u good look out from the point, in ease of tiie life-boat being wanted, and rend up to the Rectory at once if anything happen." , "Aye, aye, sir. Good-night, sir." Mr. Dunlop once moryrroadc - bis way up the cliff, and gave the welcome information ' that all tho boats were safe. "And 1 think we had butter turn homewards at once, for , Sam O'Brion say it is going to rain." They stood for a few moments longer scanning the horizon, for whnt they hoped not to find a ship, but nothing hut the white - caps of the waves met their view. . 44 1 am so glad we came," said Alix do Broutellcs, as I hey turned away. _ 44 How grand it is ; those great waves rushing over the rocks ; how hungry 'they seem, nud how relentless.' Mr. Dunlop bad taken Susy on. the way home, uii't Mary was with her cousin Leo./ They reached tho house just ns the heavy dark clouds which had been coming up gathered over head, and the. rain enmedown. "Only just iu tinic papa," said Susy,'. running into tbc drnwing-room, her chocks glowing with tbc quick walk. "It was so nice; we could hardly stand against the wiud ; and there is a fioo sea oft the point ; you can almost, bear tbc grouud swell from here," CHAPTER III. The following morning all traces of tho previous night's, storm bad disnp|>cnrcd. Tbo sun shone, nnd the air was so mild as to mnko the bright fire burning in the brcnkfnst- room scarcely requisite. " If it only keeps like this we shall hive no end of n nin to-morrow," said Leo walk ing to the window. "Yon must come to tho meet, Miss do Broutcllcs— indeed, I intend that you shall go out with us before you leave. Can you ride 7" "I should like to learn very much, it you will teach rac, nnd I'm not too stupid." " I will take Brown Bess out for a spin Ibis morning, and you shall try her in the afternoon. 1 am sure Susy's 'habit will fit you." 44 Alix can ride Chance, if she likes, Leo; and you know how beautifully she cauters." 44 She is too hot-tempered nnd fidgety for a beginner. No; Browu Bess will just suit her, I nm sure." Sir Lcolin always retired to his study after brcakfnst, to iutcrvicw his bailiff, and bear what was going on ; and then generally mounted his fat little cob, and went off on a tour of inspection, or else prowled round tbo meadows armed with a spade, nnd fancied that be was doing an immense amount of hard work. 1 Dick nnd Claude retired to the kennel, and the three girls to the morning room. "May, you must walk up with rao this morning nnd show me the Lady's Seat," said Alix after somo moments' silence. " The Lady's Scat ! Oh yes, Alix, if yon want to go ; but I hope you arc not thinking any more of the mrascn>o 1 was telling you last night." "You did not say it was uouscusc tbcu ; you did say it was' true, and, at any rate f mean to try. The 15th of November will be to-morrow night, and at twelve o'clock I will be there." It was in rain that both May nnd iter cousin talked nnd argued; she was firm in her resolve. 44 I nm sure pnpa will bo very vexed if he thinks yon dream of such n tiling," cried Susy, " Then, Susy, you will not toll him," cried Alix. " Oh, Susy you must promise me you will not tell. Ob, you know not how much depeuds 011 my goiug ; you shall not go until you proraiso mo not to tell your papa. " lint bo would bo so angry with me— I know he would— if I said nothing about it." " I will tell him after. 1 will go to him nnd tell liim that I was okstiuntc, and would go ; nnd you do not believe there is any thing, you know; so what harm can there be. I shall only go up, aud just stay there while the clock is striking twolvc, nnd then run down again so fast that yoii will hardly miss mo. Oh, promise me Susy; say that you will not tell your father, or Monsieur Leo." "Leo I must tell, Alix; ho would bo furious with me, if I did not." Then you may just as well tell your father, too," said she, bursting into tears. " Ob, Susy, Susy ; I did not think you were so un kind." It was perfectly useless! for them to talk ; she did notbiug bat sob, and say, " Oh, you do not know ; you do not know," until nt length, in sheer despair, they were forced to give way. On obtaining their promise not to juuiiiiuu iiur nuuiuiuu iu anyone, suo soon regained equanimity, aud a few moments after proposed a game of croquet. And a luorry game they had, Dick, who carnc in at that moment, joining tbc jwirty. After luncheon Leo installed himself as riding master, a somewhat dangerous post, when the pupil is, us she was in the present ease, pretty, fearless, mid graceful. Susy's habit fitted her as though it bad been made for her ; nnd she looked engaging enough to havo turned older bends than our frioud Leo's. " I am afraid poor Leo is vary much struck," said Susy to her cousin, as they watched the pair ride olT. „ " Why nfmid, Susy. She would make him n very charming little wife, Uucle seems much taken with her." "That may be; but I nm well sure tbat AHx heart is already eugnged, or clso wby Is she so anxious about that horrible Lady's Seat." " But she seems quite to have forgotten it, nnd did not ask me to tako her there after all." 44 For goodness sake, avoid the subject if possible. Pnpa would be furious, I know. X must tclt Dick not to stuff her with any more ghost stories." Leo returned in great spirits. The first riding lesson had proved a great success, and he was never tired of telling May nnd Susy how well she handled her horse, what a good scat she had, &c.;, See., See. 11 Poor Leo "said Susy sadly to her cousin, as they dressed for dinner. " I fear tlicro is trouble in store for him." Not a word did Alix do Broutcllo say more, to cither May or her cousin, of her wish to visit the Lady's Seat, and as the fol lowing day was the meet at Winchcoinb, they . had plenty to occupy their attention. Susan rode with her brother. May and Alix occu pied the carriage, and it is needless to say that Leo kept pretty closo to it, as long as he could. They were not, however, long in finding ; that they had gone away fell on his car, Alix nnd cvcrythingclse was forgotten for the time. Boynnrd is nn extremely powerful rival to any young lady, if tho object of kor affection is nt nil addicted to fox-hunting. However, such nn idea did not disturb Alix, for her heart was far away, left behind her in sunny France ; nnd tho thought that Leo admired and cared for her otherwise than a frieud had never crossed her mind. They saw as much of the run as was possible from the carriage, nnd then wended tbeir wav home wards. "I hope they will not long," said May, walking to the window after luncheon. " I am snre we arc going to have an awful storm. Just look nt those heavy clouds how tbey arc coming up. 1 wish tliey were home ; Susy will bo drenched." She had scarcely uttered the words before Susy entered the room. " You were wise to come back," said May ; look what n storm is rising." "Yes; Mr. Dunlop brought mo back. AYc met him on his way to see old Mis. Stokes, and Leo asked him to ride home with me. It was a splendid run. May nnd Chance jumped like a bird. Do you know the brook down by Woody Hollow ? Leo told me not to try it, but we were over almost before the words were out of his mouth. It was too late for me to pull up ; but 1 was tbc only lady who took it— even Mrs. Molliuoux declined with thanks." "How nroud vou feel. then. Snsv. T nm sure ; think yourself a nimrod in petticoats, no'doubt." " No, I don't May ; but von know Sirs. Moliincux is very conceited about her riding, and always tries to keep tho lead." And you arc not at all conceited." laughed May. Oh, no ; not at nil," "You arc a horrid little eat," said Susy, laughing, and running out of the room, Leo was late returning— and pretty wet besides — for the rain ennio down iu torrents. And beat against the old bouse; and the wind howled round tho corners, almost like a Banshee. 44 What a horrid night," said May, drawing back the curtain, and i>eoring out into tbc night. "Yes; it looks more comfortable iu here," said Alix, looking back into the room, which was indeed the picture of luxury, wilh its rich carpet, . luxurious sofas, chairs, bright fire, and, last, hut not least, tho pretty and graceful girls who formed its chief orna ment. They were a very merry party that evening, when the gentlemen came in from their wine ; nnd merriest and brightest of all was Alix. Sbo seemed not to havo a care on her mind ; her checks flushed, nnd her eyes flashed, and it was no wonder if poor Leo quite lost his head and heart together as he wished her " Good night." The three girls sat talking by the fire in Susan's dressing- room for some time, aud then Alix, wishing them " Good night," went off to her own room. " Fancy, May, it is the fifteenth of No vember to-night. What a good thing Alix forgot all about it," "You may well say that. I was dreading that she would remember it all the evening." " Good night, May ; I am very tired. I shall not be long going to sleep." Nor was she ; her eyes eloped almost as soon as her head lay on the pillow, nnd she stcptsoundly, tired out with her long ride. Not so May. She was restless and uncom fortable, nnd lay listening to the moaning of the sea in the distance, aud the howling of the wind until at length she too fell asleep. Towards one o'clock in the morning Susan was aroused by hearing her name called. She opened her eyes, nnd, to bcr astonish- ment, saw aiay standing ny me ocusiuo 44 May 1 May 1 What is the matter 1" said sbo sitting up nnd rolling her eves ; " You look ns if you bad seen a ghost." A bright flash of lightening lighted the room at this mo ment, and a peel of thunder that seemed to shake the house rolled overhead. "Oh, Susan, Susan; Inm to frightened ; I have had such an awful dream. I know something has happened to Alix. I dreamed that I saw her hitting in the Lady's Scat, but, oh ; her eves ! her eyes I " said May, trembling all over. " I shall never forget them. Susy. Susy go and see if she is all right ; I shall die if you don't." Nonsense, May; don't be an idiot. I thought you had more sense. If you were as tired ns I am you would not care about turn ing out of a nice warm bed, nod goiog down a horrid cold passage." "Oh. Su«y; go— go for heaven's sake. If you only knew how frightened I am I Oh, do go I I would myself if I was not such a fool." "Well, I suppose I must," saiil Susan, grumbling, " Hero, give me my dressing gown, and please don't take to dreaming." May followed her to the door, and re mained trembling there, not dariug to go further. A shriek from the end of the pas sage fell on her ear, nnd Susan cauie rnsuing back into the room. " Ob. May, May ; she is gone, she is not there. Oh what shall we do?" And she rushed oft to her brother's room. Leo's nstonishmcnt nnd consternation when Susan entered with tbc information that Alix dc Brontclles was not in her room may be imagined, nnd she herself was in such a state of terror as to be scarcely able to tell her story coherently. "The Lady's Scat I" cried Leo, "She would never be so mad as to go up there on a night like this." By this time tho whole house was roused. Poor May had been found lying on the floor in a fainting fit, aud, on coming to, they could only get out of her, " Oh, her eyes ; ber eves." Leo, with two of the servants nnd Dick, started off in the direction of the Lady's Scat. The rnin had ceased, but the thunder still continued to grow, and the lightning to flash at intervals. What a walk it was. Leo nnd Dick, fol lowed by the two man scrvauts, hurried up (I.ol.UI 44 Leo, Leo ; there is something there," cried Dick, seizing his cousin by the arm, as nt length the Lady's Scat camo in sight, and ns they drew nearer a white form seated there could plainly be discerned. "Alix, Alix ; wo are coming," cried Leo; but there was no reply from the still form. Tho face could not bo seen, for her long liair was loose, and had blown over it. In silent terror they drew near. She was leaning back against the rock, her hands crossed on bcr lap ; but there was something 60 rigid nnd death-like in her nppcnrancc that Leo felt his heart sink with fear. "AHx, Alix I " he cried again. Still no answer. They wcro close enough now to see tliat her white dress was drenched with the rain, and clinging to her almost like ashroud. Dick was trembling from head to foot with excitement. 44 Oil, Leo ; 'it was I who brought her here yesterday. I littlo thought why site was so anxious to conic, and she told me not to tell May or Susan. Is she — can sho be dead ? " " For God's sake, bush 1" cried Leo, bend ing over her; "please God she has only fainted." Ho touched her hand, it was icy cold, and then he gently put back tho hair from her face, calling her softly by her name. Her eyes were wide open, staring with an expression of terror in them ; they were tho eyes of the dead. Yes, poor Alix de Brutcllos was dead. Whether she had been struck by lightning, or had died of fear, God only know, for no one else was near bcrduring her last momcuts in that solitary spot. It was a terrible shock to Slay and Susan when her lifeless form was borne borne. They could hardly realise that the brilliant, laughing littlo beauty of the previous crcu-. ing was no more— gone from them in her youtii nnd beauty. Sho was laid to rest in tho parish church yard, but it was long ere Loo could forget her He left Moryllinn for two years, seek- ing 10 <»nve away ins sorrow, oy change aou other scenes. Many years after he strode be side the marble cross in tho churchyard, with a fair young wife beside him, and told her the sad story of "Tho Lady's Seat,'' 