gpatsst COTOPAXTS PASSENGERS.—The Orient liner Cotopaxi, Bailing on Thursday for London, takes the following passengers from Adelaide: Mr. and Mrs. K. Ziegler, Messrs. J. Hanson E. B. Colton, H. Heale, and Captain C. Bigg" in the first saloon ; Messrs. J. Barwell, C. Waltmann, and J. Turner, in the second saloon; and 25 third-class and steerage passengers. BISHOP SHORT.—The following is a tran script of part of a letter received from Bishop Short by Mr. H. S. Anthony, the Registrar of the Diocese of Adelaide, by whom it has been courteously placed at our disposal:— "Having landed on Ash Wednesday we have been resident in London about six weeks (the letter is dated April 3). I have been slowly mending all the time. The March weather happened to be singularly mild, and so favourable to me. I can now walk slowly a mile without bringing on my old side pain, and so can get to St. Peters, Eaton-square, walking there and back once on the Sunday. After all I sadly miss the Cathedral service, even though Mr. William Boult is in St. Peter's choir and Sergison is the organist. I must say that the number of services in each church, and the efficiency of the preachers is very very much greater than when I was last here. Miss Short attended a midday weekday service at St. Paul's, when Mr. Knox-Little addressed about 1,500, principally men of business, gathered under the dome and transept and upper nave. There is a great and growing interest m the Church services, and, singular to say, I have not heard the word Ritualist mentioned! People seem tired of the subject, and only look to the character and earnestness of the clergy. My ladies are very well.—Yours very truly, A. SHORT, Bishop." BURGLARY.—A most systematic attempt at ransacking the premises of Messrs. R. EL Wigg .& Son, King William-street, took place " on Monday evening. From the subsequent appearance of things and information received it appears that a ladder was obtained from the backyard of Mr. D. W. Melvin's auction mart, and placed to the high rate leading into Messrs. Wigg's premises. Then the ladder was again placed to the wall and exactly suited the objects of the burglars — for there must have been several — by reaching to a window in the bottle department at the back._ Having prised this window open and obtained an entrance their next move was to ob Lain access into the general store, and thus to the offices which are facing the main street. A well-bolted door stood in the way, but the difficulty was apparently soon overcome, and the robbers had then free scope for their depiedations. In the office they attacked a larae iron safe by Messrs. Phillips & Sons. This safe was removed to the back, and having no rollers it was carried bodily a distance of fully fifteen yards. There the doors were burst open, all the locking apparatus in its resistance being completely " screwed." Luckily nothing but books ana some trade documents rewarded the rascals for their trouble. They next appear to have entered the office, and here they found another iron safe, the doors of which were not fastened, as it mostly contained books, but three inner drawers were prised open, and about £3 or £9 in silver obtained. All the books were strewn about the floor, including an acceptance book, which, if the marauders had been a little more careful, would have revealed to their gaze a handsome cheque drawn out and signed. Nothing further of value was taken, and the matter is now in the hands of the police, who doubtless will soon bring the offenders to justice. PROFESSOR RICE.—A large audience greeted Professor Bice at the Institute Hall, Gawler, on Monday evening. The chief feature of a long progamme was the mind-reading, and several well-known citizens were nominated to apply tests, not one of which to the amazement of all was a failure. Mr. J. Brooks thought of a knife, Mr. J. F. Martin a large old penny, and Mr. Councillor Short a shell; each in a gentleman's pocket, and all of which were found at once. Mr. Councillor May's test was a trying one. He gave_ a person a small case of instruments, and in one end were some leads, the finding of which was greeted with hearty applause. Mr. C. Cross thought of the lancet used by Neville fone of the suicides), but the Professor soon held it to view. The favourable impression at first created by Miss Lewis's singing was more than realized on her second appearance, and she was deservedly encored. The entertainment closed with the cabinet and ghost trick, which was very successfully carried out. THE LUSITANIA.—Messrs. Stilling & Co. have been advised by wire that the Orient Liner Lusitania from London, left the Cape of Good Hope for Australia on the 2ndinst. Her arrival at the Semaphore may therefore be looked for on or about the 22nd inst. KEXT Town WESLEYAN CHURCH.—The services in connection with the opening of the galleries were continued on Monday evening, May 15. About 400 persons attended the tea meeting in the Lecture Hall, and a public meeting was afterwards held in the church, Mr. W. Rhodes being in the chair. The Rev. H. T. Burgess presented an approximate statement of accounts. He said the cost of the improvements would be about £1,250, towards which up to that moment £1,050 was actually raised or promised. He suggested that the whole might as well be provided for forthwith, and mentioned some offers conditional on that amount being secured. The Rev. S. Knight, who was enthusiastically welcomed, delivered an .eloquent address on the power which Christian workers received through intercourse with God inflaming their zeal and impelling them to usefulness. The Hon. J. Colton referred to some of his experiences as a young man, and expressed his continued interest in the progress of the Kent Town Church. The Rev. W. P. Wells spoke of some of the sources of ministerial encouragement by testimonies of benefits derived and of the manner in which such tokens reacted on their authors. He also referred to the necessity of combining active work with useful example. The Revs. 'R. S. Casely and J. Y. Simpson, Hon. J. Dunn, Messrs. J. A. Hartley, and R. Knowles also addressed the meeting. At the close the Rev. H. T. Burgess announced amid much applause that the collection and additional subscriptions amounted to £21817s. 5d., bringing the total close up to £1,270. The meeting closed with the usual votes of thanks to ministers and others. THANKSGIVING SERVICE.—At All Saints' Church, Hindmarsh, a special service (full choral) was held on Sunday ,evening, May 14\. The preacher, Rev. Thomas Field, M.A., drew a vivid picture of some of the scenes that had been witnessed during the late draught, and of the thankfulness that should fill the breasts of all for the propitious rains that had lately refreshed the earth, giving promise of a bountiful season. Mr. Jaflray Brner presided at the organ. A tyrge congregation was present. LECTURE.—A lecture was given in the Methodist New Connexion Church, Franklinstreet, on Monday evening, May 15, by the Rev. M. J. Birks; subject, A Trip to Sydney, Newcastle, and back in the s.s. Skyro. The chair was occupied by Captain Woodhouse. The lecture contained an interesting and. graphic description of the lecturers voyage to Sydney, Newcastle, and back. He -enumerated the principal points on the coast, the capes, and headlands. He drew attention to Sydney and spoke at lergth on the city and its institutions. He referred in terms of unqualified praise to Captain Woodhouse, his navigation, ship, the order of the crew, and the code of rules placed in each of the officer's rooms. The lecture was highly appreciated, and votes of thanks to the Chairman and lecturer terminated the proceeding. m ACCIDENT.—A man named Frederick Sharp was admitted to the Hospital on Monday evening suffering from a broken arm, caused by the wheel of a trap he was driving at Norwood passing overjiis arm. The kingbolt coming out released the front portion of the vehicle, and caused him to fall_ underneath it, when the accident was sustained. THE PRODUCING INTERESTS AND THE GOVERNMENT.—At a dinner given at Port Lincoln the other day on the occasion of the departure of Dr. Parker, " The Pastor*! and Agricultural Pursuits" was proposed Uj Jie Vice-Chairman (Mr. E. S. T. Oswald, J.P.), who complained bitterly of the annual leases preventing a settler from improving his run stating that although to-day he might pay his rent twelve months in advance to-morrow he might get notice to quit and have no redress. He pointed out that nearly all the Port Lincoln district was held under those leases, and consequently it was unreasonable to expect a lessee either to improve his run or conserve his grass, and further expressed his opinion that the agricultural interest ha'l e had too much petting and bolstering up at the expense of the pastoral interest, and that the Government were to blame in removing a profitable occupation and substituting instead a system that was pauperizing the fanners, referring especially to those m the neighbourhoods, and outside of Goyder's lice of rainfall. iiiX. George Dorward, in responding to the agricultural interest, denied this, and stated his belief that in very manv eases it was entirely the farmers' fault. He knew many farmers whose sole ambition appeared to be to have a buggy and pair and fly about as though they had business to attend, whereas theii business was_ to stajr at home and work, and not to leave it all for the n.en to do. He complained_ bitterly of the system of constantly cropping without •uanuring and dt sp ploughing, and these reii..,rkg yrerc cb-i ered by the meeting. 