The Storyteller. Old Jack. (Written for the Queenslander.) "THAT poor old beggar has lived too long in the world altogether. Think of two fine fellows cut off in the prime of life here during the last twelve months—one with a wife and four little children, and the other the stay of his mother and sisters—and Old Jack still left behind, with nobody that cares for him, and nothing that he cares for but that wretched old dog ! I can't understand it; it's these sort of things that make men sceptics, and question if Providence does really order all things." So spoke Mr. Sherwood as we drew near the dilapidated hut where Old Jack was passing his last lonely days on earth. The bent form of the old man appeared suddenly round the corner; he carried a small tin dish in his large bony tremulous hands, and looked up at us half defiantly, muttering some indistinct words. For a moment I felt inclined to endorse Mr. Sherwood's opinion, that the old man had lived too long, as I marked his tottering gait and the feeble uncertain movements of age. His Bhaggy gray hair was matted on the withered brow, the dim watery eyes were sunk in their hollows, ■did his dress and person were both alike dirty and neglected. " Was he long in your employ ?" I asked. " Well, no, only about eight or ten years; and he wasn't much good at the best of times. He was an old man then and not fit for work, and when he got too feeble to be of any use at all he begged to be allowed to stop in the old hut there and die. Of course I let him. That's six years ago now, and he doesn't seem inclined to die yet. The old hut won't hang together much longer; I've had to prop it up and patch it a bit, but it leaks like a sieve." " Why did you not send him to the asylum f " Asylum indeed! Think he'd part with that mangy old dog for all the comforts you could give nim? He's made him a bed there in the old stable because it is drier than his own hut; or at least he thinks so, which is all one. And that tin dish he feeds him out of I believe is the only thing he ever washes." Just then the garden gate was pushed open and a little girl aoout four years old came run ning to meet us. She had » basket of fruit in one nand and a roll of something in the other. " O, papa, I am wanting you everywhere!" she said. "Well, May, what do you want with me everywhere now you have found mef asked Mr. Sherwood, looking down fondly on his anxious little daughter. " Papa, I want a bit of ' baccy." Her father laughed and said, "Have you taken to smoking already, my bunny? And what have you got here ?" " I got a bunch of grapes for Old Jack, and tome peaches for Old Jack," said May, diving her rosy fingers into the basket; "and two apples for Old Jack, and 'way down at the bottom"—and her eyes sparkled—" some lollies for Old Jack—nice red gummy one!" "And what's this?r said Mr. Sherwood pointing to the roll. "That's your blue button-up shirt, papa. Mamma said I could take it to Jack 'cause you never wear it." " Well, I'm sure! And I suppose tho * baccy' is for Old Jack too i" " Yes, papa. Poor Old Jack couldn't cat his dinner 'causo he had no ' baccy,' ho said, and he won't be able to eat the grapes or the lollies without some baccy first." And May's pleading blue eyes aought her father's. Sherwood's hand dived into his pocket. " Here you are! Bun along now and make him eat it." " It seems Old Jack has some one to care for him after all," I remarked. "Yes, it's queer now about that child. I can't get a word out of him with any meaning in it, neither can ray wife, though sho has often visited him and tried to talk to him: but he will chatter to May as long as she will listen. She has quite a menagerie in the stable of 'possums, bandicoots, and such like. Old Jack tends them for her as carefully as he does his own old dog, though he has been heard to call them ' Lottie's varmint.' He always calls May ' Lottie;' I don't know why. I didn't half liko her being such friends with him at first, but, bless you, the poor old man is quite harmless, and it must be some pleasure to him to see her bright young face every day. Fancy her saving her lolfies for that old—but never mind; come on." It was about half an hour after this that we were startled from a pleasant chat in the house by the cry of "Fire." It was sundown; the day had been hot and dry, and a fire had been left carelessly burning outside; an evening breeze had sprung up, and some of the sparks had found their way to the loose rubbish near the old stable. When the fire was discovered the rickety old building was in flames. The two men who had discovered the tire were trying to enter. " It's no use," said Mr. Sherwood. " You can't do anything but keep an eye on the other buildings and bring water. The old place wasn't worth much, fortunately, and there is nothing in it worth burning yourself to save." He stopped suddenly, for there in the midst of the burning building appeared a bent totter ing form, dressed in a ragged shirt and trousers, and something rolled up in his old brown coat, and folded in his arms close to his bosom. There was a moment's horrified silence, then one of the men exclaimed : " It's Old Jack I He's gone into the fire to save his dog!" The entrance to the building was all in flames; the window was high out of reach; the heat was becoming intense, and the poor witless man did not know which way to turn. There was a rush for a ladder and an axe. A crash of falling brands, and the flame shot into the roof. Mr. Sherwood ran to the blazing door way. Was it worth while to risk his life for the poor demented old creature within, who could not possibly have much longer to live? "Jack!* he called, "Jack, come quick! There s a chance for you now; I will help you." __ But Jack only drew back, hugging hjs pre cious burden more closely. '/Jack, you old fool, throw that confounded thing down and wrap your coat round yourself and come through the fire, and I will go to meet you and save you from falling." It was no use, and Mr. Sherwood fairly stamped with rage. By this time the axe was brought, and a hole was soon broken in the wall, through which the smoke poured in a cloud. " The old idiot will be dead by this time: I cannot see him; he must have fallen," said Mr. Sherwood. "11l have a try," said one of the men as he dashed into the hole; and in another moment the senseless form of poor Old Jack was pulled out, still clinging to the burden in the old coat. His deliverer dropped him on the ground and staggered back, half blinded and suffocated with smoke, and a good deal scorched. Mr. Sherwood dragged the old man out of reach of the burning building, and wrenched the coat out of the almost lifeless hands. Then the strong man reeled back as if smitten through the heart, and a groan escaped his white shaking lips. There, wrapped in Old Jack's ragged coat, was his own little darling May. fast asleep and unhurt. She had no doubt fondled her pets, and played putting them to bed, till tired out with the long hot day she had fallen asleep herself, and but for Old Jack's loving watchfulness would have perished in the names. He was the first to discover the fire, and seemed to have gone at once into the blazing building—whether to save his dog or look for May was never known. But having found the child he had stripped off his coat and wrapped it round her, taking her in his feeble arms, and then attempting to escape ; but the flames had gained so fast that escape seemed cut off. The part of the building that had first caught fire was where Jack's dog and May's pets were located, and soon the scorching flames and blinding smoke had driven the poor old man to the farthest corner of the room. It was just then that we first discovered him Kind gentle hands bore Old Jack to thehouse, and all that skill and care could do for him was done. "No," said the doctor, "he cannot rally again. The shock has been too severe upon a frame already worn out. He may live a day or so, most likely less. We can do nothing more." Sight and hearing had both left him. In vain did Mrs. Sherwood watch over him for some token of recognition. In vain did May stroke his wrinkled cheek with her soft little hand, and call "Old Jack," and tell him how good he was to carry her out of the fire. He never responded to her voice again. In vain did Mr. Sherwood take the poor old battered hands in his, invoking blessings on his head; no answer ing pressure told him he was understood. But the old man's lips were unclosed, and many a random word smote Mr. Sherwood's heart that night. He talked sometimes incessantly, often quite incoherently, but always with a ring of triumph that no one ever heard before. " I saved her, my Lottie ; I saved her at last! They said the old man had lived too long; they were all tired of him; but I had to wait for Lottie, and she is safe now, and no one can touch her no more. They told me to drop her and save myself—drop my Lottie in the fire! I knew it was the devil that said it; he wanted to keep her. They told me she was in hell; but I went in after her and brought her out. Poor old Bully was left in to burn, and I was left behind too, burning—burning: but my Lottie's safe!" "What can he mean, poor old creature?' said Mrs. Sherwood, "it is quite shocking to hear him sometimes." " It is nothing, my dear, but the rambling of a confused brain. The last thing he remembers is the fire, and he feels the pain of the burns he got." " It may be so partly, but I think not alto gether. His whim to always call May ' Lottie' had some deeper feeling than idle fancy. I feel sure of that now." The soft purple light of another day was tingemg the eastern sky when a woman came to Sherwood's gate, haggard, worn, and travel stained, asking for John Blake. "Do you belong to him ?" asked Mr. Sher wood ; "he has met with a serious mishap, and is sinking fast." " Yes, sir, I heard about it, and hurried on at once, or I shouldn't have come bo early. I want to see him before " A hollow cough stopped her voice, and Sher wood silently motioned her to follow him, lead ing the way to the room where Old Jack lay dying. Mrs. Sherwood stood aside, and let the wayfarer take her place at the bedside ; she felt as if sho understood it all. The poor woman dropped on her knees, and laid her thin flushed cheek beside the brown time-worn one on the pillow, clasping his palsied hands in her own trembling ones. " Father, father, speak to me, tell me you know me; tell me you have forgiven me," sho sobbed. But there was no answer. Jack muttered random words with no meaning for some time till the old idea came back to him again, and he called for "Lottie." " Father, lam here; don't you know me ? I am Lottie come back to you again." Jack took no heed, but rambled on as he had done before, and the woman buried her face in her arms on the bed and sobbed aloud. " She was so pood and so pretty, my Lottie was ; but I lost her one day, and could not find her. They told me she was tired of her poor old father, and had gone to hell; but I waited and watched till I saw her one day in the fire and I saved her. The devil thought to make me drop her, but I held her fast and saved her —my little Lottie., The woman started to her feet with a bitter cry. and hurried to the door. Mrs. Sherwood laid her hand on her arm: "Stay," she said, he does not know what he is saying; he can neither hear nor see, and it is my little girl he saved from the fire." "I cannot bear it," said Lottie; "do not detain me; I shall go mad if Hook at him again." And she shook off Mrs. Sherwood's hand, and ran from the room. They buried Old Jack next day in a quiet corner of the cemetery. And there were more people standing round his open grave than had shown him kindness in his lonely life. Little May went to look for him in his old hut as usual, and came back crying when she remem bered that Old Jack was dead, and all her pets burned; but nothing had been heard or seen of Lottie. Mr. Sherwood fenced the grave with a neat iron railing, and Mrs. Sherwood and May planted flowers round it and visited it often. After a while it came to be said that Old Jack's grave was haunted—that the ghost of Lottie had been seen gliding round it, wringing its hands and weeping bitterly. Mrs. Sher wood took no notice ot these rumours at first, but soon perceived that they were quite believed in by all the members or her establishment, not one of whom would venture near the ceme tery after nightfall; so she made a practice of walking there herself every evening, and after some weeks, as she approached the place, she observed a female figure pass swiftly before her. Without a moment's hesitation Mrs. Sherwood followed, till close beside Old Jack's grave she saw the form of Lottie bending over the railing, her hand pressed over her face. Mrs. Sherwood took her quietly by the arm. " Lottie!" she said. The poor woman started violently, and a low cry escaped her lips. 'Stay, Lottie; I have walked here many a time in the hope of meeting you, and now I have found you you must let me help you. Your father saved my dear child from a hor rible death, let me save you." "It will soon be over now, Mrs. Sherwood; I cannot live much longer, and I don't want to. I thought to end my wretched life with ray own hands the day I saw him in your house, but those wild words of his kept me back; I couldn't go to do it after what he«aid." " Lottie, I will find you a quiet decent home where you may live till y»u get stronger." The woman shook her head. "That will never be, ma'am." " Well, then, while you live. Ido not ask you for the story of your life; I know it is dark enough and bitter enough. But come away and be done with the past; we will speak of it no more." " I must tell you this, ma'am : my father was an old man when I was born, and my mother died before I can remember. Poor father loved and cared for me as no one else ever did, sent me away to school and worked hard to keep me there; and when I came home I thought it dull work to have to keep house for him, and made friends with people that did me no good, and the end of it was that I ran away with a man who promised to marry me and show me the world. He kept the last but not the first part of his promise,l' said Lottie bitterly. " Then I got reckless altogether. I believe poor father never held up his head again—he was so proud of me. When I found I hadn't much longer to live I set out to find him, or his grave if he was dead; but he never knew me, he never said he forgave me" " Hush, my poor girl; he never had anything for Lottie but words of love; even my little girl he called Lottie, and loved her for your sake. Come away; it is getting too late to be out longer." And they went away together, the brave true-hearted woman and the drooping penitent outcast; and there were kind words spoken beneath the starlit skies, and loving counsel given that led the wanderer into the paths of forgiveness and peace. Three months afterwards another grave was opened beside Old Jack's. The iron railing was enlarged to enclose them both, and a small stone tablet signified that the spot was sacred to the memory of John Blake and his daughter Charlotte. I. M. 