GOLD CUD GOSSIP ADD FINAL TIP FOB TO-DAY. (tei-egi-.-irnrn Feom Syd>"et by "Tort Cela.") Altuouch the horses supposed by the British public (and the British public are generally prelty good judges, whether in these colonies or the old country) to have a chance of winning the Sydney Gold Cup are reduced to barely half-a-dozen, still tbo interest felt in the result of the race increases as the time for dropping the flag approaches. At every incal table, every street corner, every hoi si bar, and, X believe, between nearly every husband and wife at- Caudle lecture time, the wain object of converse is, " Who'll win the Cup : favourite or outsider, light weiirht or heavy ?" 'The be?t way, therefore, for me to arrange to do my duly to the Sportsman's thousands of readers is to go through the list of horses etill left iu wliieh ore worth naming, and pire terse Chit chat about couditiou,/ probabilities, aud price. Commencing ot the top of the tree, Pro- gross, with (fat. Olb. nod a game log ought not to be started, and 1 doubt if ii- will, especially a# the fact of little Jit. Albans being engaged to rule Sweet William points to the "Gc.'long tlabk thioking the first favourite muet have u rosy show. Welling ton, IM., is so noil ierfuUy wo)), and run such a grand uuiitvil in tV- Australiun Cup week under two pounds less, and fourteeu pounds more, than to- day, that that equine hero merits profound respect. No horse oser went bettor work than he has up to the present moment, and he teems to fancy biin&elf; like u youthful four-year-old when brimful of conditiou. Billy eouiuns ft eers him, and, if he rides determinedly from the commencement, must be there or there abouts at the ending. First "Water, fcst. 5)b., looks blooming, and moves freely, but can not ibiuk the Adelaide nag has done work enough since (he Australian Cup Io justify the private support giron hiw. It will be remembered that last autumn 1 went for bim unreservedly at 7st. 61b j but lie had showu me a great gallop and perfect fitness. How ever, his owner has backed him to win him fifteen thousand pounds. All I can ear is that if the chestnut win 1 Joee. Bathurst lias not a ghost of 11 show. Wheatear will run rcepccukly if he starts, but the journey will be too f«r, and the pace too merry Saunterer and. Somerset. I pais by. Tne Barber has many supporters, owing to his Ilawkcsburr fourth alter his bad stumble, and now carrying half a stone less. Never theless, I doubt his possessing brilliancy enough. Royal Maid, 7t- 61b., read? well, and so eouie infatuated folk have invested their dollars. Bui these are referred to in my Progress remarks. Passing over Spinning- dale, Gipsy Cooper, and Albyn, as no certain stutters, Lord Orville fa about to meet better company than when he won Taltereall's Cup, and Hereford Bay in nut forward enough. W e now come to Gudarz, the brother of Cslamiu. Without doubt he will run in tbe interact of Sweat William, and eo we leave him. Neither Mnjur nor Sunlight could wiu unless nearly all the others tumbled down. Then we ootne to Drummer, net. 7io., including nve pounds penalty, which makes one pound more than he earned to tbe front at Hawheubury. Mr. Wentsvorib's dolt seems if possible a bit better thao then, and when we remember bis second to Duchess orer the Leger course in 3oiin. 12i-ec., the fa-test time 00 record, lie must be fn tbe prept-nt Gt>!d Cup, which fa only u few yards further, np to bis neck. Donald Nicholson will tide him here a» there. Sweet William carried 6t. 131b. at HAwkes- bury, including' a penalty and overweight, consequent on Tom Hales not being able to reduce himrelf more. Being handicapped now at 6 st., and with only hie Fteming- tou penalty to put up with, the favourites will fight their battle over again on more even erme, but greatly to Sweet William's advan tage. Nuthwithbtaodiug this, it does not eeem wise to me makiog a sudden change in riders, for Mr. De Mestre'e horse fa not only well able to carry the extra weight, but requires a determined hor&em;&n; with a good head, on account of beiDg a determined slug. Hales has learned to understand bun, but little St. Albans frequently fails on strange cattle. Cunna muila, 6at., is tbe most probable outrider I have eees, judging by bfa win on the post in the Sportsman's Handicap at Ha wkesbury. Rainbow and Carmen are not worth discuering. Prima Donna has some few select admirers, amongst whom am I sot at «»(« distance , and Hawtbornden may be readily dismissed after Monday's failure. Having thus made a careful though terse review, it behoves me to make my selection asfoUoqra:-— SWEET WILLIAM OK DRUMMER 1 WELLINGTON 2 And as a cockboat Ccskaxulla. My reasons for not plumping according to my usual style in big events are sufficiently plain— that fa to say, Sweet William ought to win, but Drummer haB the pull of carrying Ms aocu&touied; jockey; andWeUingto&is;&o; game aud fit, whilst Yeomaue is so determined not to repeat former waiting tactics, that the' Roman-noeed Batdo may either split or defeat the pair. . « . ? < !f 