TWO"SeËNEs"lN- THE HOUSE OF ,- -i in a. COMMONS i-' <> .-; I FUOMWhoivlr'slumberlofiindifferpnce, Mary liament had been suddenly awakened by a severe shock of surprise and resented its rude disturbance of near the i deceptive lethargy in which it had so long been sunk. The Palace of Westminster was' almost in a state of siege. Ambassadors and bumpkins crowded the strangers' galleries, and allaying invaded the limited space where nobles struggled with each other for places. The Duke of Norfolk; worsted in the conflict, was left far in the rear : but the Marquis of Lansdowne, pale and breathless, gained a front seat, and clung firmly to it, elbowing the three royal visitors. The Prince of Wales gave up the place of honour just above the clock to the Crown Prince of Denmark, and when not engaged in pointing out the notabilities of the House to his guest, or distracted by the whispered witticisms of the Duke of Teck, regarded the as sembly below audits proceedings with unw ented seriousness and anxious attention. Radicals were driven to take refuge in the Land League camp over the way, where they found themselves in company with dejected Conservatives, compelled for lack of room elsewhere to rush 1 in beside the self-styled " Irish party." Mr. Redmond was out in the cold, and relegated to the bar, from which distant point he could only gaze longingly towards the third bench, upon , which were ranged the quondam leaders of his race in the order of precedence prescribed by Fate. Mr. Biggar, low down in the row of deposed potentates, had been superseded by Mr. Healy, and Mr. Healy by Mr. Sexton. Presently the hostages of peace approached. First came Mr. Dillon, silent, cold, ghost- like, gliding along with imperceptible effort, until he flashed up to Mr. M'Carthy and settled down beside him. The usually cadaverous hue of his complexion was rendered more striking than ever by the contrasting blackness of the beard he had allowed to grow more fully in gaol, and by the sombre colour of a mournful garb. Beneath a tall hat, surrounded by a crape band, his rigid visage, expressionless, except about the knitted brow s, was ghastly in its paleness and as he sat stiffly up, his arms folded across his bosom with a tightened grip, he presented to the notice of the speculative Saxon a dismal figure which suggested, according to the fancy of the observer, the prisoner of Chillon hastily invested with a suit of ready-made clothes, or the beau ideal of a melodramatic conspirator rendered doubly desperate by the benevolence of a tyrannical oppressor, who had forced him to assume a brand-new outfit of modem fashion but imperfect fit. Otherwise, Mr. Dillon seemed none the worse, but rather the better, forhisenforcedrecirement. AsforMr. O'Kelly, who presently joined him, he had apparently been sojourning in a luxurious retreat, and, to all outward appearance, was as jolly as the traditional sand- boy. He endeavoured to fold his arms grimly à la Dillon ; but they refused to meet across his expansive form and when he would have thrust his hands into his pockets, and relapsed into the old familiar attitude of graceful defiance, bursting wrath compelled him to keep bounding from his seat in a manner startling and disconcerting to his neighbours. Conspicuous above all others in the agitated assembly was Mr. Forster. He had retired to the corner of the bench behind Ministers and alongside the gangway. There he satin a composed and easy posture, his knees just touching the shoulders of one of the two Irish Law Officers, who were seated together below him on the Treasury bench. He held papers in his hand, and was prepared with the personal explanation of the causes of his resignation which everybody w waited impatiently to hear. But although conscious that he was the centre of attraction, Mr. Forster looked cooling self 'possessed, and there was an improvement in his, aspect which indicated that he had taken advantage of his first moments of comparative leisure and freedom from worry to soften in some degree the wonted ruggedness of his exterior. His hair and beard were less shaggy than of yore ; his garments had apparently been put on separately, and not en bloc. He bided his time man attitude of simple dignity. At his back sat Mr. Goschen, another ex-Labour (Minister, his arms crossed and his head bowed. Ministerialists were for the most part passive; but there were signs of cheerfulness amongst the Radicals. The Irishmen on both sides were restrained and somewhat apprehensive. As for the Tories on the back benches, they were rampant, and could hardly be kept in check. Their leaders were decorously on the alert. Care held possession of the Treasury bench, and weighed heavily upon the members of the Government. They said little to each other, and Mr. Gladstone was from the first absorbed in his interminable toil of correspondence. The anger of the Opposition was first vented upon the head of Mr. Gladstone, who had fought single-handed with a great variety of antagonists without sustaining any serious injury, or telling more than he wished to say as to the nature of the information upon which the Cabinet had decided to let out the suspects. As soon as this series of combats had closed Mr. Forster arose, being bailed with tremendous cheers by the Tories, and one terrific shout of "Buckshot" from the Irish camp. From that point the Leaguers let him severely alone ; the Tories applauded him vociferously at every opportunity, and the Liberals listened with respect to an account which afforded no little gratification to the Marquis of Lansdowne upstairs. Mr. Parnell chose to make a showy entry just as the House had been hushed by Mr. Forster's opening sentences, and he was, of course, accorded a reception by his party. He joined Mr. Dillon, and, having exchanged a few words with the latter, became a quiet auditor of the ex-Chief Secretary, He bore no signs of suffering from his six months' incarceration. Mr. Forster's story was 'unvarnished,' devoid of bitterness, and distinguished by its hearty feeling of good- will towards the Prime Minister. Another memorable passage in the speech was one in which Mr. Forster said with emphasis, ' But the battle of law against lawlessness is not won, and I believe that since that battle was begun there never was a time when it was more dangerous to relinquish the authority of the law.' twos Mr. Gladstone's hard task to combat this opinion, and to soothe fears by reference to information concerning the supposed peaceful intentions of the released Irish members, which they had already shown some disposition to repudiate. He was on delicate ground and trod it cautiously, although harassed at every step by tokens of incredulity, and assailed by violent manifestations of hostility by Mr. Lewis, whose conduct the right hon. gentlemen paused frequently to rebuke, without producing any salutary effect. Towards Mr. Forster the Premier's demeanour was most courteous, and he gave utterance to a sincere hope that their personal and political relations would remain unchanged. Mr. Forster responded with what for him, was effusion, and mutual regard of the two veterans remained unimpaired. Amusing as Mr. Parnell's explanations of his views were held to be by the rank and file of the Tory party, they had the effect of relieving the gloom of the Liberals, and did not afford Sir 3, Northcote much material to work upon. So the right hon. gentleman, wisely determining to go away and dine, delegated to subordinate members of his party the labour of worrying Ministers and the sport, which at its commencement afforded ample entertainment to the Duke of Teck, was carried on for several hours with vigour, though without any particular result. Vague forebodings oppressed the House ; but they could not then be put into shape, and the debate degenerated into a wrangle, in which Mr. O'Donnell and the Leaguers took sides with the Government, unabashed by unfavourable criticism. When the night was far gone, Mr. Gibson exerted himself to raise the character of the onslaught upon the Treasury bench, and delivered some thundering blows, somewhat widely aimed. Nothing could possibly have been more confident than the tone of Lord Hartington's reply. In some respects it was exultant, especially where he defied the Opposition to challenge the policy of the Government by a direct motion of censure. Ministers, he observed, had reason to believe that the conduct of Mr. Parnell and his colleagues would not at present be hostile to the administration of the law, but would rather tend in the opposite direction, "If we are mistaken in that impression," added Lord Hartington, no doubt we have incurred a great responsibility." This was the pith of his speech and of the case. It was useless to say more, and the debate died of inanition. Mr. Forster having sat alone many hours, at last found a friend in Mr. Richardson, and warmly shook him by the hand in gratitude for kindly words. Then the c Chief Secretary lounged down the floor and out through the doors, casting a parting glance at the Irish benches as he went along, Monday Evening. The sequel to Thursday's debate was found in the sail proceedings of to-day. Within a few hours the meaning of the strange and union fessed alarms of the previous week had been invented, and the House of Commons now gathered as if to attend the obsequies of the eminent public servants slaughtered in Ireland. So sombre and melancholy all gathering has never been seen at St. Stephens. Gloom, silence, and sorrow weighed heavily upon both branches of the>Legislaturei The restrained Attitudes the Lords expressed the feeling of the aristocratic class. ( In the Commons, the horror and indignation of all sorts and conditions of men Wyre represented,; and when Ministers arrived they were confronted by a black and ominous cloud of witnesses, 'mutely testifying by an aspect of universal depression to the effect produced upon the nation by the first results' of the new departure. Every member of the House who could come was present, and all were attired in half-moon ning-some, like the members of the Government, such members of great families as Lord Claud Hamilton, and' others, including two of the released suspects, being clad in deep mourning. Sir William Harcourt's countenance bore traces of deep sorrow, and those of his colleagues who presently occupied the Treasury bench were quite as downcast. At a quarter past 4 o'clock, amidst the suppressed excitement of the grim concourse, Mr. Gladstone entered by the Chair. He halted an instant to exchange a few words with the Speaker, and was then passing along by the table, when he perceived Mr. Chamberlain seated with the other Ministers upon the Treasury bench. Stopping once more, Mr. Gladstone took hold of Mr. Chamberlain's coat and led him away to the back of the Chair. After a short absence both right honourable gentlemen returned, and Mr. Gladstone took his usual place. He was pale and harassed, and obviously suffering from nervous agitation. This was the more apparent when, having taken a letter from Lord Richard Grosvenor, and caused it to be passed round to Sir Stafford Northcote, Mr. Gladstone arose, at the invita- tion of the Speaker, to address the House. He was received in silence, and experienced great difficulty in controlling himself to speak distinctly. With a great effort he began in a weak and quavering voice, and, with frequent pauses, contrived to make the semblance of a speech, delivered often in broken accents. He declared the occasion to be "unparalleled." The House felt that it had never seen so moving a spectacle as this strong man broken. His allusions to Mr. Burke were brief and when he came to speak of Lord Frederick deep emotion once more overcame him, and it seemed that he would be unable to go on. But he regained some degree of self-command, and having paid a touching tribute to the memory of his murdered friend, which was indorsed by the sympathetic and subdued applause of his audience, Mr. Gladstone mentioned more calmly, and with a slight approach to his accustomed manner, the intention of the Government to introduce on Thursday measure for the repression of crime in Ireland. This announcement evoked the first loud cheers heard that day, and they came from both sides of the House. The voices of Irish members were raised in faint applause when the Premier added that the Government would as soon as possible deal with the question of arrears. In conclusion, Mr. Gladstone thanked the House for having assisted him in performing the most painful task which had ever devolved upon him " standing by this table, and sank into his place exhausted. Sir S. Northcote, with much suitable feeling, but more formally, seconded the motion for adjournment as a mark of respect for the memory of the dead and then the proposal was submitted from the chair. At that crisis Mr. Parnell presented himself below the gangway, and was assailed by hisses and a groan. The hostile demonstration was promptly checked, and Mr. Furnell was enabled to express, without interruption, his detestation of the crime, which he insisted was intended to injure himself and his party. A most cordial greeting was given to Mr. Forster on his rising to bear testimony to the merits of Mr. Burke and his own ill- fated successor in office. Mr. Lowther spoke to the same effect and to the relief of the House the conversation, which had lasted twenty minutes, was closed by the adoption of the motion. Ministers hastened away immediately, and the rest of the gather- ing more slowly dispersed, the Tory chieftains lingering to confer with the more trusted of their followers. At last the Chamber was left desolate and later Mr. Gladstone was driven rapidly from Palace Yard to Downing-street, pursued by an excited mob, which alternately hooted and cheered the Prime Minister. 