.WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 30, 1882. SOME Six or, eight months since we drew attention to the non-existence of a fire brigade in Sale, and expressed our astonishment that a township of its importauce should have been allowed to remain so long without such an in stitution being established in its midst, and we ventured to assertthat it was about the only town of any importance at all in the Colony, which had not a looal fire brigade, and yet no action has been taken in the matter. At a public meeting not many weeks since, held in reference to our requirements in respect to public buildings, great care was tfilen"to' olearly prove, that in re gard to its gnoeral. public importance Sale.stood seventh on the list of coun try: distriots, and it' was fairly proved too. '' But if it had been mentioned that in a township claiming such import. ance,.oni account of the business done in it, and the amount of reveniue it cosn tribuied' to' thie State, and such like, there. was no such body as a fire bri grade, any person outside the distriot would form a very dubious opinion of the business people in it. That Sale has. had an. extraordinary immunity from fires must. be admitted, and, no d?ltbt, if such a favourable trait could bI permanently secured, there would be gyery little practical necessity for the establishment of a brigade, but we all kndw that tlhe Fire King 'visits very often: when, least expected, and if not prepared to give him a proper reception, the ira?igds he makes may he reckoned by the thousands and tens of thousalind of pounds, so that even on the score of the past freedom from fires, there is no justifioation for being without a bri iade. However, . the present .Mayor, wheon elected a few weeks since, de olai'ed lhis intention of marking' his year of office as a' special. one by incor poratitig a fire brigade, and knowing that gentleman, to;be a thorough man I of. business, and as one who makes it a rule. to promise nothing that lhe doo? oit iritend to carry out if possible, we have no doubt that he has. considered the matter well over, 'and' will shortly e,' pirpared "to take the initiative in! order, that the preliminary arrange mnentstowards the formation of such' a brigadedmay' soon;be entered upon'. We havie no doubt that, if the Mayor takes the matter vigorously in hand, he will receive- the warm support of tlhe principal business people. in the 'town, and tthe. brigade will soon lie successfully .formed. In this, as in many other matters -of general interest to ,the tow'n, there 'is a diversity of oplnion,'a'nd somo'of the opponents of tile propositioi,' who now cannot see the utility of forming such a body, have ini the past been advocates of such a step"being taken-why the change of opinion h ne taken place, of course, is best known' to themselves-but in spite of all such diffeorences of opinion, ariscing from all sorts of side issues, and in some instances petty' jealousies, the. fact.ro tinni. inlaiuablo t?h?t a' fire brig~de in a large town, where :valuable property is"'at'red'. int 'Ilani q'uantitiet" i'liin absoluite '"cessity,., And we may go further andensy; that neither the 'local Cbonuiili 'di the 'geneial `public'' 6f'the place are doing their duty, unlessi they see to it that steps are taken to protect si'otclhproperty frohm'theo ravages of fire, shoiuld tlhe'iorvices of such a body un fortunately be "required.: It may be th`t' diome objection may' be raised on aocount of the expense such an institu tioiiwouild entail, but it must be borne i:i?niid thali the' first expense is the main thing to be got over; that when oiiod s'uch a biigado is established, the ourrent '.expenses :! are comparatively small,' and the :members generally exert '1hidielv?es? t' sels'tlin l'iquildating the ? hworking expenses. '.Although thetfirst "tniount required, 'say between' £300 iind' .400 inay;appear to.be, large, yet if ithe lMayor and the Borough Council take the initiativo by starting the fund with'" "mi good roand 'surii thoere should be very little tratible'ini raising tile ro maiituder among the business people and the ,. other 'inhabitants : of,, the town. With 'the ball' once sot rolling wei do dotifiaticilpaite tat there woaild be any diflcualty iti raising the necessary finds tbo:miko a stiarti, say, i:' tliree? 'months, ai~d after th'e first move was, mado,:: the nimembers enrolled' and other, pro. Ilminsiriis 'ariranigd; public ointerest in tlhe matter would increase, and all' the necessary paraphiern'aia would be forth comtaing. ' Sehing tlit the winter islfast making.way for tie spring and the fol lowing summer, we maybo excused in urging the Mayor to' tike 'tho :matter in-hand, as soon as circumstances will allow.:. It may be presumed that the frst stop will be to secure the approval of theo ]orough Council, and the ooopera tions f icouncillors, and then the approba tion and active assistaneoo of tile ratt payers may be expected to fillrw. Thi?* subject Ilavingboonbroiughtundor niotic. by the Mayor in his ofllcial capacity, it is to be hlopod that whlatever stuls are neooossary to be taken, whether by the councillors themonsolves, or by tih. ratopayers in publio aieeting assotiulled. may be talken at once, so that all tile preliminary arrangements may be son under weigh, and the whole hubaino, may be comploto, and a good .sorio,. able brigade formed and furnished with all the requisite paraphernahia before the setting in of the ensuing summer. An adjourned mooting of the share holders of the Lakes' Navigation Co. was held on Monday evening in the Council Chambers. A large number of. share holders were present, and Mr Abbott was voted to the chair. The chairman having stated the object of the meeting, viz., the advisability of forming a new company on a larger scale, he said that from what he had heard he believed Melbourne capi talists would enter heartily into the specu lation. He moved "That a new company be formed according to the tormisof the prospectus read."' Mr Lukoesocndled the motion, which was, carriod. . The next question was the insurance of time com pany's steamers, and after some discus sion it was decided that the Tanjil be in sured, in the Victoria Insurance Co., for £1,000 and the Bairnadale for £250, at the rate of 1 per cent. It was also de cided that the consideration of the pay- i tuent of directors and the reduction of the number be postponed until the float- a ing of the new company is settled. Last evening the first general mooeeting I of the sehareholders in the Parnell Q. An. Oo., Dane's Creek, was held at the Sham- I rock' Hotel, Maoaliater-street,: wvhen be- t twaoee 13.000 and 14,000 shares were re presented. Mr JW, W. Carroll, J.P., was voted to the chairi and the rules and re gulations of the company were adopted. 1 The following directors were appointed:- t Moesara Carroll, Mudie, Colman, Olone, t Jonson, P. iM'Laughlin, J.`.Stuart; and c T. Guthridgo... Messrs It. Guthridge and I A. . IRalston were appointed auditors, i and Mr Jase Robinsonlugal mninager. The a prospects of the company formed a matter I of conversation durilg thce evening, and I those present were well satisfied with the t information given.' We arm inforined that Mr'F. O.' Mason, M.L.A., has induced a number of Mol bourne, Sandhurst, and Ballarat 'specu lators to form a company for the purpose of testing the Narracaa Valley coal mines. Thes company have applied for a grant of I a largo area of ground,r and the Govern. ment have protnlscd that a diamond drill will be sent there at once to commence operations. Subscribers to the Sale Meoohanics' In stitute will be glad to learn' that the nsew hooks recently. purchased by the. Book Committee (nearly 100) will be ready'for issuing this morning. ' " P It will be interesting to sportsmen to know that snipe are again in the district, yesterday, S. Morris and W. Bryan suc- ceeded in bagging 11 birds. In a paragraph in Satu'rday's Arns it was announced that the Hon.: W. Pearson and Mr G. Davis' were the candidates in the field for the represoentation of the Gippsland Province in the Legislative Council. Mr Davis informs is that at t present lhe has no intention of. offering £ iimself as a candidate for a seat in the It Council. i. In Monday's issue of the Times it was a announced that at ther mooting of the d Soutlhern Cross Q. M. Co., hold at Moe on Saturday, Mr Lamb was elected one of C the directors. We have since discovered that we wer'o misinformed, and thiitrtho name of the Hosn. WVm. Pesrson,'M.L.O., should have appeared instead of 'tle for nor gentlemrian's, ' ' At the Sale Police Court on Monday, Is before Mecssrs Herbortoaud Stuart, Je.P., Is MIrs Sing, appeared on remand, charged b with lunasy. Drs. Reid and iMacdonald t1 deposed that they Ihad examined her, and p that she was of unsound mind, and not at able to take care of hersolf. Tho Bench n made. an order for her transfer to tie a Koiv Asylum.-Yesterday, . before Messrs na Carroll and Horborto, .Js.P., the 'd- al journed case of Hickey. v. Coil was called to on. Mr Wise, who appeared for the com- aa plainant, stated that cas Mrs Hickoy was w unable to appear hle would have to ask for w an adjournment, to enable the justice whq p had.hoard the former portion of the case e: to adjudicate. Mr Patton, who appeared d for theo'defendant,' offered no obection t and tile case. was adjourned until Friday, Sept. 8611 I ' 8h f At the Rosedale Police Court, on Mon. b day, before. Messrs Hagan' and Oansick, b Js:P.'. 'threo':lhnn," -namned 'Loe, Jadobi, ib acd. Orchard, :wore, charged by Scenir. constablo iCeo K ayltle' disturbing thep dcc pi d early on Suriday nmorning. T hlo defon- n dants ploadul guilty, :aid weroeeach flised 5s, which was paid: . ' . . f" The programme androegulations. of the u Sale Junior Football Club :sports,: to' be eold on tihe 21st of next month, appears in ti our advortising.coluinns. It is well drawin up and comprioos 18oevents. 'The coai. In potitors'for the various devnt, wvitli three Sc excoptions;.will be confined' t6 members at of junior football clubs'only.' The events cl for 'll' cs oirs, compprising long distance it drop kiok,"300 yardslandicp;'and 000 ti 'ards stoeoplcliaso. This.is an ontorpris. H nug stop for our junieors to take, and We er trust that it.will in every wayi prove sui- w caseful: `' "; ey pr Operations at the new artesian well are B progressiig' slowvly, .the men at timhe present RE time bilng ongciged in pinmping to clear tl the pipes of sand ;, pieces of waooda rind, a of hard me tal substance in small pieces,'r. at somblingiroe pyrites are alsobrought up ici di the sucker. A. start will ,probably be p made to-day' to force tho. pipes: furtcer dowen." We ]hear .that tihe Bairnasdlo tc Shire Council have made a start to sink a P] siinilar well, using the " Tiffin" borer. ''"" re In the ' prinoipal Roman Catholio ol churches, on. Sunday, ' the anthem To' De?nts LaulasaiLs was sung in .thanksgiv-. Ing.for tile providontial .escape of Arch-"i bishop Goold from the reeont attempt oni his .lifei.n. :.,f. .g. i o ...'r f e Amotigest th 'sampeiles tiiber which l will be submitted to tile board' appbinted o to inquire into tile' desbriitionis of i·. t digenous timber likoly to be suitable' for the construction of ail raiviny rollig: stock is a specimen of grioy iroubark, from a forest situtated in the Nar N'r.Gooe dis triot, 40 nillos from' Melbborno, imd foer G miles from the Glppalandtin in railway . linle. Thore .ia, very large quantityok T tlhoe tirabor growigig in thie forest, and tlfeo t Beaconsflold Sawmint ll Compnany ieo citeai blishoed a sanwmill to cut up the tsb into morcantileo shtp c l u.," Mtnr Broadribb, the isinor Ioifpootrblory Schools, ls seriously ill. : Heil wasatt cked about a fort night ugo with typhoid faver .4 of a malignant type, and was ir a prbcars ous statelast night. .Hia medtaical advisers t however, are sanguine thathe o.willbe able C to recover from I 1s sickness. i ' Accordling to,the lIteat.bulotin,;tho a hoolth of the Archbishop' of CaOnterbury, Dr. Arelibald Campbell Taiit, was improv. Inni and his chal~ es of recovery from the iseous illnesthat :lisa attackod him were regarded ts more hopeful. , aia rane was born on December 32, 1811, aud is con, soquently in Ilis 71st year.. Ho became primnate of thle English Chlurlch in 18518 on the doeath'cof'Dr: Longloy', having been Bishlop of,Londfislince.August; 1850. :Mr Peter' Campbell's loyalty icicbting iAt Sandhlurst onr Friday nlght last was not a ti a success. There wvere only tlirty-seovels 1 porsnnad Trissont at the start, Includicig f, Inlf-a-dozen pollicomen; ?ad before the F proceedings weros over the .numbor I dlwindleddown to twcenty .., Ci. napbeoll I liilte? , I lng speieol,.and 1the reoinlutiosi, 3 whlaichl were a ooaunturpart Of.th Bllarlr 'I ones (says tho.Coulcrier) wore, theu.agreeU d f h The Hawkesbury Racing Club's Moot 'e ing was continued on Saturday, and the results (which our Melbourne correspon dent states were lodged at the Melbourne telegraph office for transmission to us on s- Saturday evening, but which did not reach a us) were as follows :--Mares' Produce l Stakes: Hecla 1, Hastings 2, Eva 3. tHawkeabury Grand Handicap : Sting 1, Masquerade 2, Britisher 3. Two-year og ld Stakes: Kingaman 1, Morceau 2, o Tristan 3. Members' Handicap: Venice 1a , Saionara 2, Malta 3. Prince of Wales t Stakes: Bob Sawyer 1, West Country Dick 2, Modesty.3. : Turf ClubHandicap: Kingsworth 1, Balthazar 2, Hypatia 3. V At the meeting of the Executive Coun. Sloil on Monday, Mlr Webb, senior male o teacher at the Albert-park School, 1,181, was dismissed from the.service. As has beei previously mentioned, (states the Arg?s), he placed in the hands of some of the boys of the 0th class at the examina tion, copybooks which were not their owp. the report of the head teacher, Mr James Smith, indicated that six boys had boon induced to use these copies, and Mr Inspector Tynan said that " AMr Webb stands self-confessed as the perpetrator of one of the most serious moral offences a teacher could be guilty of, an offence not only involving personal dishonesty on hiss part, but also an attempt to corrupt the morals of boys of previously unismpescli able' character." TheGatlinggui oxhibitedby SirWilliam Armstrong and Co., at the recent Mel. bourne Ehibition, has been purchased by the Government, and is now in position on board the Cerborus. The weapon was offered to the Treasurer semis months ago by Mr Do Jersey, agent for the firm (satates the Argts), but the terms were regarded as.being too high, and negotiations were, for a' tim suspended. It was then sub. mitted to the South Australian Govern. nient, and they also declined to purchaseo The Victorian Government was again comnmunicated with, and the terms having boedo' modified,: Sir Bryan' O'Loghlcn secured the gun. It is an important ad. dition'to tile armament of the Cerberus, and would be useful in repelling boarding parties and torpedo boatsi or in any other engagement.. , , . . A lady.i Geeolong received by the last mail a letter from a friend in Ireland sanya tle. dvedrtiscr) in which the writer incidenitally states that everyone in'Dub lin now goes 'out armed, and that invita tion cards 'issued from the castle have on the corner, " I'.P.P." (police protection provided). A telegram from the Sydney Herald cor. respondentstatas:-"Aanaccidentoccurred in Harris-street, Ultimo, on Monday evening, onlthe promises of Measra Clinch, cordial manufacturers.'. Tasman Church, a young man had occasion to go to the I upper part of the'pronmises, and was mov ing some sulphuric acid. It is supposed that he thoughtlessly struck a match. At any rate a great explosion took place, and tle young man was, on examination of I tihe premises, found lying with the top of his head blown off. He, however, lingered in a delirious state all night, but died at an early hour on Tuesday morning. The I deceased was much respected." An old and highly-rospeoted resident of Chiewton named Thomas Cook owner of the Panama Store, hanged himself at about ten on Monday morning. He has for several days threatened to put an end to himself, but little notice was. taken, as he hIad boon drinking Iheavily. On Sunday, however, Ie made an attempt to hang himseolf in an outhouse, but'was prevented by one of his sons. On Monday morning the lad,' before going to school, received a promise from 'his father that he would not attempt the rash not again, and to make matters safe, got the keys of tho outhouse and gave them to hlis mother. Some time afterwards a tiravello'rcamo in for orders, and Cook went to his wife for. the keys, telling her he wanted to see if. any-goods wore required. Thinking he was somee. what l dilatory, she went after him, and was hI'rror-struck, at finding him sue. pended by a rope froma' the coiling, just expiring. Before the body could be got down life was extinct.; A doctor was on the spot in a short time, but his services wore', usoloss. .' The only reason assigned for? tile dood is 'finanicial difficultioes, brought about, by mining speculations. A bill, which could not be met, fall due on Mopday. Deceased. was abou't 60 years, and as before stated, was most highly and desorvedly respected, . He was for years a memnber of' the polic' force' here and at hole. "He''leaves a wife and a large fanmily;'it is feared (says the WVdrld) quito unprovided for. ..... The KyUIton Guaurlian records some of the incidents of a.tovivial mission of the t .lo?.'J'ohri 'M'Neill, B.A. ' 'In his'messago last evening, M1r,Ml'Neill said thatheiwas t someitiins asked whether it was sinful 'to attend quadrille iassemblies or dancing classes.:., He.was not going to say whether it. was wrong or not' but his text told him that -they. should' ibeo " sealed with the Holy Spirit of promise," and ' have " the earnest of their inheritance" within. He would givea cheque for '50 if thoe. could I produce anyone who was filled with the t Holy Oh6st 'aind "yet 'a'ttcnding. dancing I assemblies.' If'a man liad'the earnest of r the inheritance with him, and was full up I of the Holy.Ghost, it would take a very strong rope and a powerful locomotive to drag him into: a dancing-room Where pogplewont spinning round and round lido so many idiots, and it would be hall i to him until lie could get out again. - The preacher also indulgod r in parable. Heo represented the Lord as having lost some of His flock, and as saying to the angel c Gabriel-" Gabriel, just go down' to the world'and see if you call huulit them' up." " Gabriel "startedl oa hisa mission? and' re ported,""Lord, I liair 'the shuffling of I feot in ihero,"' when, the Lord. replied " Oh none o( my flock could bet' ound I thorn' that is a ball.rodin." '1~ Mi M'Neill concluded this' illustmration by expressing i thie Ihope that the Lord would' never send Gabriel to look for ilim in a ball-room. ' SA?AIell ofi one half.pny'nnY epo sharo hasIs beeii 'imiado sib the Columbia 'Q. NI. Co., Grant, payable on or befoieo'lthl Sept. next. 1 , A notificatlon by I. I. Lowery under tho Transfer of Land Statute appears in another A notificatlonaappears in or advertifing colnmns setting forth the various places anl dates tnat. thoe 'colletor of thie loseodalo Shire will attend for the purpose of receiv ing rates. A pouid sale will behold at Rosodalo on Saturday, the 2nd prox. Messrs R.'Outhrlgo id nd'Co,' notify that they vwill sell tihe plant of the Euroka'Q'. M. Co. at their mart on Saturday next. ': ' Tnders 'are invited by thes Commislsioner of Public Works for olcaring anil snagging at Corndr Inlet. ' M. r J. Norton offers a reward for'the ro covery of a horse. ' 