ACTA POPULI \-- 'By the FLANEUR So Xofxes sped, so speed this kicked-out race Who clutched at glory, and who clasped disgrace. Juvenal— Localized. FELLOW Feeemen, — Have you ever had nothing at all to do, and in order to do it properly did you ever saunter out amidst the solitude and silence of a 40-acre paddock and allow your loco motive apparatus to take you anywhere it pleased' whilst your mind was soaked in thought, perhaps building a terrace oil enchanted castles in the air, with orange groves at the back and presentation iron railings ' in the front ; or perhaps recalling with a saddened joy the fond memory of some sweet face from out whose beaming eyes peeped forth a trusting, loving soul, and from out whose scarlet lips came forth a rippling, sparkling cas cade of mirth, for one sound of which you would then give the whole world, and one of Hardie and German's subdivided cheap land allotments thrown in as well ? — and did you so wander along for hours, utterly regardless of the fact that a bilious old bull was holding a debating class as it were by himself to decide whether he'd jab his horn through your equator and give you a cheap ride thirty or forty times round the paddock, or simply save time and ' hist ' you over into the next electorate ? Of course you are not bound to answer these questions, because the belle and the bull are connected with no one's business except your owa, But hwe'e another query. Did you ever, whilst mooning around in this ; fashion, suddenly eome across a large, damp, i looking, moss-covered stone, whioh seemed to i have beon planted in the earth about the time i that old man Cheops built his first pyramid, and - which apparently took root and grew there ever i since? If so, that morbid curiosity which is : found in the breasts of all moil, and I am told i occasionally in the breasts of some women alao, ' and which prompts the small boy to rip open his ma's best bellows, to see whore the wind comes from — this inordinate thirst for knowledge must ' have induood you to upend the stone and dump ' it down on its back— perchance on your dearest corn. And now, after all this rigmarole, I come : to tho real question. When you rolled away tbo ; stone did you notice that about 25,000 loathsome- : looking, crawling, slimy, hideous insects decorated with bleary, goggle eyes, bullet-shaped heads, ? and owning as many legs as a mammoth centi pede, and as many arms as the great Eriareus, at ' onoe darted off and went scooting hither and ; thither in their frantic desire to find another : shelter ; and now colliding with and knocking ? perhaps their dearest friend as flat as the pro- '? verbial pancake or a 'Herald' leader, and anon, : plunging wildly away until they mashed their J heads against a stump, all. actuated with but one - desire, viz., to save their own skins and secure a i place of refuge for themselves at the sacrifice of even their own father's life ? If you have ever ! noticed this, you have seen precisely what the late members of the ' strong Ministry ' are doing at the present date. ? The Oppositionists havo kicked the Cabinet stone which protected these lazy, self-fattening, ghoul-like crawlors as high as the price of prime beef, and now the whole oaboodle of them. are galloping here and there and offering to sell or pawn their very much sunken souls in order to be allowed to perch even on a back seat behind ? the Ministerial fire-place, or if it comes to the worst, to squat in the Cabinet dust-bin. Give them a slant, or half one, and they will imitate their great leader, Sir 'Enry, who boasted, that if ever he did go down he would sink with his oolours .flying, and they will! crawl under the canvas, or up a sewer, just as their chicken-hearted general did at Ten- [ terfield. The meanness of the Premier's action , over this Northern election would turn the : stomach of a Cooktown, Chinaman ; bub the rea^ amount of his treaohery was not known until Mr. Thomas Courtney, one of the first candidates in the field, related his experience. Mr. Court ney, it appears, was requested to stand for Ten tsrfield, and consented, but on hearing that Mr. Whereat, a popular local man, and one generally : supposed to be opposed to the reoent banditti, was willing to come forward, Mr. Courtney with true patriotism, retired, and Mr. , Juda — no, I mean Mr. Edward Whereat at once thanked him by telegram for his generous conduct. Matters stood thus until the eve- of the nomination, when Mr. Whereat was suddenly Btruck with some mental affliction which induced him to resign m favour of, perhaps, tho most unscrupulous mem ber of the late Cabinet ; in favour in fact of the one man who was ever as false to his friends as he was suppliant to his f oea. Sir 'Enry got in for Tenterfield just as Bill Sykes would get into a bank 5 but, stay,, that's unjust to the dead burglar, for if run to earth lie would at least stand and show fight, but Sir 'Enry hasn't spirit enough to oven act as Bill would. If he thinks he has, or if ho .would desire to lead his parasites to believe he has, let him read Mr. Courtney's manly challenge, and then take it up if he dare. Here it is— . . 'If he (Sir Henry Parkes) thinks that the Tenterfield people are satisfied with tho way in which ho has been thrust upon them,Iethim resign and give them a chance «f saying so, when I pro mise that I shall go up and afford him every op portunity of obtaining a victory in a fair fight. Should he succeed in defeating me- he can thon claim to be the duly elected representative of Ton terfield ; but at present he ia merely the smugglea in nominee of a Mr. Whereat. — Thomas Cottbt NEY.' . : . There it is, Sir Hal; tho man and money are ready for you at any time you like to cover the stakes. But you won't, for you know full well that even if old Hancock's Ghost opposed you to-morrow, he would poll his ten thousand votes where you wouldn't raieo a thousand. One Ministerial defeat has followed another so closely that; the retreating party have not even had time to bury their dead, and so we find poor little, discarded, pill-box Eenwick once more stood on his head by— and mark the irony of fate — by one of the very class he declared ,. he would sell his shirt to keep out of office viz., a Catholic in the shape of that promising young colt O'Mara.' To, the people of Grafton this pigmy politician (Dr. Eenwick) telegraphed : ' I have seat you up & splendid diamond drill'— a*jcl yet when tho Northerners unpacked their trea sure the majority of them swore it was only a stomach-pump. The ''. doctor's speciality would seem to be 'diamond drills', for during the course of his exhaustive and exhausting address to the men of Adelong, he shrieked in that mosquito-like tenor of his—' Diamond drills are calculated to do much good in the country ; and I have secured one. for this district.' The very much rejected of East Sydney is evidently under the impression that, like certain nameless medi cines, ' diamond drills' will ' remove all difficul ties.' If such is the case he should have sent the Hon. Tom O'Mara a gross of them, for nothing less would ever induce the Southerners to reject an honest, talented young man in ordor to make room for apolitical tom-tit whose only recom mendation for tha portfolio he recently held was his utter ignorance of everything connected with his department, and his infatuated opinion of tho superhuman abilities of — Dr. Eenwick. And yet I liko this bantam cock of Parkes's for one reason ; he ha3 the pluck, — no that's wrong, — he has tho native simplicity,— wrong again, — ah, now I have it — he has the egregious stupidity necessary to enable him to show the whole world the cards he holds, for if you boil down the whole of his drivel up to the present date the essence of it will bo that he wants to be a Minister, and with the Ministry sing, — or rather draw his salary, and ho hasn't tact enough to keep this fact in the background. Indeed it is a pity to see our Lili putian iEsculapius ' burst' because he cannot gratify his inordinate vanity by any other means, and besides, givo the novice his just due — he has 3tudied hard to improve himself, and just before he was booted out of his billet he actually knew iha difference between a ' miner's right' and a locunaent which told him to take, 'Pos. Bicarb. - Sept. Ammon. Arom., Tinct, Hyascy., Inf. Digit,' and other compounds to ? clear off the inevitable results of a Premier's 'spontaneous banquet.' The uninitiated can try ' Soda and B.'» with a like result. ? ? r . ; ' ? ? ' But oh, my friends ! 'if you have tears to shed, prepare to shed them now.' If you haven't, hire one ot Ned Fennelly's thoroughbreds feo kick you? or rub a big potato ' onion across your eyes just as you would when a 31st cousin dieB and leave8 youa legaey of £31,000 ; for Woseby — the.'gentlo giager-beer fed Woseby, who wouldn't wooth' Lessly shoot a wittle wobin or even twead on a worm for fear it would turn on him, this aesthetic patriot — this ' greenereyyallereyclose the-Art-G-allery' young man has been sent to grass on his native heath by one Duke Humphrey No more will Johnnie's silvery tones complain of the demoralising sight of 'dead marines' lying about the sacred groves of Woseby Park, Shoal haven j no more will he raise his trumpet voice against the immorality of allowing hens to lay cn'lthe 'Sawbath day' j no more will he Bingthe praises of his anti-split-your-head-in-the-morning wines ; and never again will ho thunder forth his aoda-water invectives against the 'fwiendish wuffiana' who wilfully attempt to blow the ' scheduled bird having a bore of more than 6 feet' into everlasting chips with a charge of shot woighing more than twee ounces. Thia is the unkindest cut of all. We could havo spared Parkes (long ago), we could have replaced John Davies by electing ' Garden Honey,' the first: hurdy-gurdy grinder we came across would have done as well as the ex-Minister for Justice, and the ; Eandwick sharper who does the purse and half crown trick would make a tolerable substitute for ; the late Treasurer, but where, oh where, can we look for another Woseby ? This is the unkindest cut of all, bufc luckily John can erect his own tombstone at cost price, and so just to help him : along, here goes for his political epitaph — ' Hio Jacob Woseby whose head so dense Held but little wit, and far less sense.' Cover him up, lest the crows foreclose their mortage on him. ??r'-He was raised, the higher that he might fall the ! heavier. — Menandbr. , ' * * ? '??_*' , * ? . * . ??*,.. O cvatapl'd.Davies ! dost tliov\ lie so low ? Are all thy bun-banquets, presents, titles, Shrunk to this small measure ? ' -;? ??????^.?' '?.?. ??? ; '?': ' Julius CiESAK—Jaovigecl, Consummatumest. . Allia over now, and all is lost, save honour. Which reminds me that con-; sidering the very little stock of that article the losers possessed they might just as woll have thrown ifc in with the other spoils, though I' doubt very much if the conquerors would bo bothered carting the stuff away. The bitterness of death is paBt, and the cup of sorrow not only ' drained to its very dregs,, but the condemned drinkers have been compelled to liok the saucer also. So certain did Sir 'Enry seem of victory at; Illawarra that he positively declared ho would; have nothing to do with Kiama at all, because ; someone told him there was a ghost down there who wanted him to cash some crossed heques, and besides ho had all confidence in he Orange party there, and knew iull well they rare true to the innermost core of their souls , tnd would rally right strong round tho different )olls ; but the Premier's star is ' doused,' or as ihe ' bone-rattlors ' say, ho is ' down on his uck,'and so we find the sturdy Sfcuart/ polled )ver two votes to every ono recorded for the vily Watson. The result of the battle was jarely known when the Truthful 'Enry at onco jerceived ho had one moro card to play, viz., the ' Jack of Spades,' at Kiama; so, conveniently 'orgetting his former assortiou that he would .eave Coonanbarabi; Bey to fight his 'owr battle, )ur baffled patriot rushed down post ba3le and shrew the whole weight of his legions into She thickest of the fray. No ono, however, wonders it tricks like those being played by tho ' Great I Was,' because whatever little diluted spirit he snee had in stock has beon drained by his recenfc Jefeats, and besides, ao Aristophanes says,: 'you 3an never bring a crab to walk straight.' As Dr. Johnson once said of Pope — 'In all his intercourse with mankind ho had great delight, in artifice, and endeavoured to attain all his. purposes by indirect and unsuspected methods.. Ho hardly drank tea without stratagem.' Thisi character most happily fits our ex-Premier, for,, as Lady Bolingbroko used to observe, ' he would... play the crafty politician's part even about a. question of cabbages and turnips.' The result of the Kiama 'roll-up' proved bhere is a cellar even below Avernus. Into this, the lowest of all political hells, the C.M.Gy was kicked, and ag he went Beooting down he clutched tho tails of the K.C.M.G. and dragged him into eternal disgraco also. Dr. Tarrant was elected by a majority of 173, and so tho Oppositionists won a great treble evont by defeating the Treasurer twice, and then fairly distancing 'the underground engineer,' although the cleverest dodger among our political drivers steered the . pair. Up to the present date, Dec. 13, the game stands thus : 86 members have been returned,, and out of this gallant band no less than 75 are v pronounced opponents of the late Ministry. Out of this total I also find 13 of the ' Opps?' were elected unopposed — two Ministerialists gained, the same distinction honourably, and one, Sir 'Eury, sneaked it. There should bo no difficulty now in selecting a Cabinot team of men who are hobesfc enough to transact the country's business by the light of day, and who will not deem ifc necessary to hide themselves by night in holes and corners to plot and scheme like so many burglars. Tho friends of lato Hon. John Davie?' political career are invited to attend its funeral .whioh will move from its late residence, Mao quarie-street, about the 21st inst. Members of tho ' Pucker Picnic Lodges' will please meet in full regalia and Coonanbara hats, at Shea's Creek at noon, and then march with tho corpse to the Cemetery, Darling Harbour. Dan. O'Connor, Undertaker. Now that Sir 'Enry is down it would be unmanly to kick him ; and as I would rathor praise fifty than cenBure one, I will try if I cannot rake up some small plea for our prostrate Premier; , 'Tis a hard job, however, and in order to get a. point to work on I have to go back to the daya of Julius 'Gfflsar, who once wrote, ' Qiice volumus et credinms Ubenter' ct what we wish, we readily believe,' and this ia about the only excuse' I can think of which will justify tho many schemes and muddles made by our ox Premier. Cicero also said, 'That which men desire should bo true they are most inclined to believe,' and by the way both these talented tradesmen borrowed their inspiration from DeVioathenas, who was dead and buried long before tho mother of either Julius or Marcus was introduced to their re spective fathers. Beyond all doubt, imagination has much to answer for, and is the cause of quite a considerable lioap of all our troubles. For instance, there is a good story told of a celebrated Dublin professor who was ' death' on the subject of ventilation. Being compelled to camp one night in the same hotel room with another trayellor, he asked the latter to open the window a3 tho air wao so close. 'I . can'fc raiso it,' said his companion after -nearly tugging his heart out trying. ' Then ' knock out a' pane or glass,' said the professor, ' and charge me with it.' This was promptly dons, but still tho man of learning couldn't ^leop, and. 'so affcor tumbling and tossing for a time ho -finally darted out of bed, broke three other squares with his boot, ,and then as ho pulled tho eh eels over himself once more, ho oxclaimed : ' Ah! now that's something like an atmosphero to Bleep in — I feel heaven's balmy breeze on my brow already,' . and so saying he slept and Bnored till morning, when ho was a trifle annoyed to find he hadn'b been near a window at all, but had simply knocked the-glass doors of a valuable bookcase into ever l&stihg; Bmithercene, Perhaps, the most appro* \ l priate anoodoto to connect with Sir 'Enry, how ever, is tliat related of the ' immortal WilkinB Micawbor, who, whenever a bill was presented to him, graciously 'Handed over his I. O. TJ. for the amount, and then complacently observed, ' Well thank h-mven, Uiat little matter's settled.'. No doubt ho believed it was, and no doubt the c: elect' :of Tenter field has occasionally tripped up over a similar error. ' To err is human ,' said a classical ' dead beat' to a creditor once, 'and to forget divine' and so I have forgotten about that little, account of. yours; could, you kindly look' in again before the clay of Judgment?'' And fcllis Vfifin.lln n. ViiiRl.inrra inmrlonf: 'T no-ir all I owe,' shouted the only M'Elhono, at the recent East Sydney nomination, 'but does this «binjie-busting' Premie? do the Bamo?' ' Av coorse ho do,' replied a Spaniard in the crowd, ' he pays 'em all loike clock-wurk— tick — ?tick- tick.' Then John Davies offered up a silent prayer for tho Spaniard's soul, and kicked a small boy in the crowd for laughing. Political generosity (up to the present date) may be' briefly described in tlm wise. Brown meets, Jones and, Bays he, 'Jones, old fellow — our mutual friend, poor old Robinson, io starving ; you ought to give me something for him. Whereupon Jones corners the fattest goose he has on his farm and hands it over. Then Brown eats the savoury bird himself, and tells Bobinsonj «' By jove old boy — forgot all about you — 'lection excitement — pressure business — you understand — but look here, that goose Jones sent. you was about the fattest and the tendereat bit of poultry I ever [tasted. Tat ta— keep your pecker up— ?we must all die Bomo day or another — and damitt— don't you see I'm buoy?' This leads mo into another sphere. The Revd. James Greenwood is dead. I am aware that nowa is stale, but I have not quite finished yet- There is no occasion for me to quote the'' DeMortuis ' tag for him. He had all the groundwork necessary to' build up a clever and use ful man, bat he had like a . thousand o'.her gifted men to faco what poor Kendall poetically termed the ' Awful Real'— he had to fight life's battle for himself and for those he loved, but he erected liis fortress on the shifting sands of Hunter-street, arid when the hour of adversity came— his friends (?) knew him not. They had Bucked the honey and could afford to trample on the flower, or as M'Elhone and myself would more. poetically put it — they eat the jam and then shied the tin to the dustbin. A movement was : recently started horo for the purpose of recogniz ing tho dead lion'a serviceB, and tho one man above a'l others who should have been foremost in it ?was the very man who was most conspicuous by his absence. Right or wrong it was Mr. Green wood who drafted the present Education Act,— for tho gentleman who in his imploring appeal for his late Treasurer continually alluded to ' MiBstah Stooat' could scarcely be expected to know very much about such an intricate subjoct, and therefore if there is any Jetidos at all due to the framer of the Bill it ahould be given to the man who now Bleeps hi peace after life's fitful dream has passed. Sir 'Enry in all probability, has, however, had this item chased but of his remembrance — in fast he seems to be chronically in tho state of tho four-year-old philosopher who once remarked, 'I dess I know what memory is — it'athe ting: dat I forgets with.' In this reepect-Sir 'Enry's memory can: never bo sur passed. . ?'? 'A ?''?'. '.,'/. To Otjb Agents. — As our quarterly bills are now being sent out, we take. tlie opportunity to thank our agents for the attention they have paid to. our interests during the preceding quarters, and to ask them to exert themselves to get in for us all the outstanding accounts. . Obittiaiix.— It is with feolings of deep Borrow that,, we have to record the death of Mrs. Slattery,: wife of Mr. Daniel Slattery, of Belford, which sad event took place on Friday, Feast of of the Immaculate Conception. :The deceased lady' had been (ailing for some time, but it -was not until a few days previously that her death was expected. During hor illneBS she was attended by tho Rev. M. Foran. Mrs. Slattary, whowas a native of Toomevara, County Tipper ary, ; Ireland, was universally respected , and esteemed, and her death haB cast quite a gloom over^the whole neighbourhood. ' The funeral took; place on Sunday, and w;aa the largest and most respectable seen in the district for some considerable time. Tho Rev. Father Halreon attended and read the burial service. Deceased haB left a husband and family and a large circle of friends to mourn their loss. May she rest in peace.. Amen. The Rev. Father Honneberry, tho now cele brated temperance missionary, has just visited Newcastle, preparatory to his departure to South Africa. 