HiHisIilH The Bay of Seven Islands. Tlie skipper sailed out of the harbour mouth, leaving the app'e-Woomof the South. For tbc ice of the Eastern SMS, In bis fishing schooner Breer.e. Handscnic and brave and young was he, And the maidens of Newoury sighed to see His lessening white sail fall Under the eea's uiue wan. Through the Northern Golf and themistrecre3B Of tbc IsUeof Mingan and Madeline, St . 1'aul'e and Blanc Sablon, The little Breeze sailed on. Backward and forward alonp the shore Of 'Wild and desolate Labrador, And found at last her way To the Seven Islands Bay, The litile hamlet, nestling below Great hills white with lingering snow. With its tin- roofed chapel stood Half hid in the dwart spruce wood ; Grccn-tuited, flower- sown, the last outpost Of summer upon the dreary coast, With its gardens smalt and spare, .Sad in the frosty air. Hard by where the skipper's schooner lay, A fisherman's cottage looked away Over isle and bay, and behind On mountains dim defined. And there twin sisters, fair and young'. Laughed with their stranger guest, and sunj In tbeir native tongue the lays Of the old rrovenc.il days. Alike were tbey, save the faint outline Ol a scar on Suzettc's forehead fine ; And both, it so befell, Jxmtl the heretic stranger well. Both wore pleasant to look upon, ? Hut the heart of the skipper clave to one ; Though less by his eye than heart lie knew tbe twain apart. Despite of alien race and creed, Veil did his wooing of Marguerite speed ; And the mother's wrath was vain As the sister's jealous pain. - The rtiiill-tongued mistress her house forbade, And solemn warning was sternly said By the black-robed priest, whose word As Ian- the hamlet heard. But half by voice and half by signs The skipper said, ' A warm, sun shines On the green-banked Mcrrimoc ; AVait, watch, till I come back. ' And when you see, from my masthead, The signal tty of a kerchief red, Sty boat on the shore shall wait ; Come, when the night is late.' Ah ! weighed with childhood's haunts and friends, And all that the home sky overbends, Did ever young love fall' To turn the trembling scale? Under tbc night, on the wet sea sands, Slowly unclasped their plighted hands : One to the cottage hearth, And one to bis sailor's berth. What was it the parting lorers heard f -:- Nor leaf, nor ripple, nor wing of bird, But a listener's stealthy tread . ?' -' v ' Oa the rock -moss, crisp and dead. - - s :'???; He weighed his anchor, and fished o&oe; more ? By the black coast-line «f Labrador; - . ? And by Jove'end the north wind driren ?' ' Sailed back to the Islands Seren. , ?? . In the somet'sgtow the sisters twain % ???'. Saw the Breese conie saUing in aigaia : Baid Buzctte, ?' Mother, dear, , The hcretic'6 sail is here.' . ? . ' Go, Marguerite, to your room, and hide ; * Your door shall he bolted I ' the mothejr cried ; While fcuzette, ill at ease, - v',;;^ M'atchodthel^8ignof ^^ree«fc. At midnight down to the waiting «kiff And out of the Bay's mouth ran ' ? - ' The schooner with maid and ma». , And all night long, on a restless bed, ':,- - Her prayers to the Virgin Marguerite said ; V ~ And thought of her lover's pain - . ' Waiting fcr lifer in Ttfn. . Did he pace the sands? Did he pause to hear ' * The Bonnd oilier lightctcp drawing nearP And, as the slow hours fi»s»ed, . . ? .' ? Would he doubt her faith at last? V-. . But when she saw, throngh the misty pane, ? , - The morning break on aaeaol rain, ?' Could even her lore aTail '- ?. ?? :-' - To follow his vanished sail! *.. a : **; Meantime the Breeze, with favouring wind, Left the rugged Moisic hilifl .behind, ? - And heard from an unseen shore ? . The falls of Manitou roar. . . . On the morrow'sTnorn/in the thick, grif weather, ^S.' --& They sat on the reeling deck together, 1 ' - .- ?:.'-^:.i- Lover and counterfeit - ' »-. ' - ?-..'.''' Of hapless Marguerite.- -S, .'-'- With a lover's hand, from her forehead fair/ ' ? He smoothed away her jet-black hair. ? . : What TvaE it his fond eyes met t , - , The scar of the false Burette! - /-, , , . Fiercely he shouted : ' Bear away ' : '?'??/?? - ??' ? East by north for Seven Isle* Bay ! » Tbe maiden wept and prayed, But the ship her helm obeyed. Once more the Bay of the Isles they found ; - They heard the bell of the chapel sound, And the chant of the dying sung ?-.-.. In the harsh, wild Indian tongue. A feeling of mystery, change, and awe Was in. all they heard, and all they saw ; Spellbound the hamlet lay ' .' In the iiu&li; of its lonely bay. ? ? ? ? And when- they came to the cottage door The mother rose up from her weeping sore, And with angry gestures met The 6cared look of Suzette. ? ? * ? - ' 41 Here is your daughter,' the skipper said, ' Give me the one I love instead.' - : But the woman sternly epake: ' ' Go, see if the dead will wake.' He looked. Her sweet face sUU and white, And strange in the noonday taper light, . She lay on her little bed, With the cross at her feet ana head. In a passion of grief the strong man bent Down to her faoe, and, kissing it, went ? Back to the waiting Breeae— „ . ' Back to the mournful seas. Kever again to the Merrimac ? And Newbury's homes that bark came bade Whether her fate she met On the shores of Carraojiette, Miscou, or Tracadie, who can say? But even yet at Seven Isles Bay Is told the ghostly tale Of a weird, unspoken sail, In the pale, sad light of the northern day Seen by the blanketed Montagnais, Or squaw, in her small kyack, Crosangthe spectre's track. - Onthe deck a maiden rings her hands ; Her likeness kneels on the gray coast sands : One in her wild despair, \- And one in the trance of prayer. ::. She flits before no earthly blast. With the red sifpi fluttering from her mist, ' . ??''?? ' ' Over the solemn seas, . _ The ghost of the schooner Breeze! ?-/. G, WaHZflS8j in Atlantic Monthly 