SPORTING. A trotting match between Mr. O'Reilly's Punch ancl Mr. P. Sayers's Smuggler will take place on the Old Adelaide Eace course this afternoon, at 4 o'clock. We perceive by the Melbourne Sportsman that the three great athletic champions of the 'south have raised a quarrel amongst them that may lead to a tourney in the prize ring for a good round sum of money. It appears that W. Miller, the great wrestling athlete, who some time ago gave exhibitions of his skill and strength before the public of Adelaide, assisted at _ a bene fit about a fortnight since in Mel bourne, and Jem Mace and John Thompson (the bookmaker) boxed with him on this occasion. Miller was not quite satisfied with the amount of applause that was accorded bun by comparison with what was bestowed upon the other men, so in order to maintain his reputation he issued a challenge to box any man in Australia, which has been very promptly taken up by Mace and Thompson. Mace, who is in Sydney, has telegraphed to , the Sportsman:—"To Mr. William Miller—I hereby accept your challenge to box you, either with skin gloves or with the naked fists, for any sum from £200 to £2,000 a side, upon a date hereafter to be fixed upon by consent of both parties, and in any place or country which may be agreed upon by both you and myself.—JEM Mace, retired champion of the world." In a letter to the editor Macfe"Says that he has for the last twenty years retired from the P.It., and is old enough to be Miller's father, and might fairly have been omitted from any such challenge; but he is confident that he can satisfy the public and himself that Miller has much to learn in the noble art of self-defence. Jack Thompson has also addressed a letter to the editor of the same journal, in which after speaking a word or two for the absent Mace, he says :— If Miller wishes to test who is the best man, I will give him a chance; you are aware, Mr. Editor, my engagements on the turf are of a nature which must incur me great loss of time and money if I cuter into other lines of busi ness without suitable conditions. I will box Miller for £500 a side, half-forfeit, from five to six weeks from agreement. I do not intend to box at any public place for gate money. I know too well how they terminate. The authorities interfere, and then general dis satisfaction ensues. If Miller will agree to the above, I will guarantee to find a private place. Then he can go on his merits, keep up his reputation, and win a good stake of money if he is able. No other conditions than those already stated by inc will do. If they do not suit Miller, 1 do not wish to be troubled any more, and will not pay attention to any further challenges he may make. In conclusion, I wish to state I have no desire to box anybody. My duty towards my family and business avocations are all I can fairly attend to." Referring to the recent V.A.T.C. Meeting, ''Falcon" inthcLeader says:—"Eleven out of twelve came to the post for the Oakleigh Handicap, which was won by King laid, a three-year-old by King Cole from Miss Alfred, and second to him was Crystal, belonging to Mr. B. Coleman, the same owner, with Bismarck third. This was a splendid contest, the whole fleet being together throughout the race, a head only dividing the two first horses, with the remainder all round them. "Wood lands did not run well, and Pawnbroker broke down. Zambesi would seem to have lost all form, nothing but his innate gameness bring ing him home. He may struggle once more to the front, but not until he receives some greater indulgence from the handicapper with his breeding he should be valuable as a stud horse." Pawnbroker broke down so badly that it is not expected he will race again. The remark has been frequently made of late that there is too much racing in Victoria, 1 remarks "Augur," of the Australasian, and certainly the fact that the las t three meetings of any importance—namely, the Victorian Club, the Geelong Racing Club, and the Victorian Amateur Turf Club—have been saved from absolute loss by the money received from selling races, gives a strong support to the statement. When such an excellent after noon's sport as was offered to the public at Caulfield on Saturday last was neglected for the less exciting amusements of the regatta and the old English fair, we may fairly con clude that the many bad days the backers of horses have had this season are at last begin ning to tell. At the V.A.T.C. Meeting a complaint was made to the secretary that a wclsker was pursuing his nefarious avocations m the saddling paddock. The man was at once brought before the stewards, when it was shown that he was an old offender. He was promptly turned off the coui-se. Two or three other well-known welshers were on the ground, but as their victims, with mistaken leniency, did not complain to the secretary they were not interfered with. Turf transactions have been very limited during the week, says the Leader, most of the ring being absent in Tasmania. Suwar row remains first favorite for the Australian Cup, with Saunterer at his heels; and Aspen is still in most request for the Newmarket Handicap. Australian Cup.—100 to 10 agst. Suwarrow (off.; 100 to 9 tk.); 100 to S Saunterer (tic. and off.); 100 to 8 First Water (off.); 100 to -S Hesperian (off.); 100 to S Royal Maid (off.); 100 to 7 Boswortii (off.). Newmarket Handicap.—100 to .7 agst. Aspen (off.); 100 to 5 Crcniorne (off.); 100 to 5 Verdure (off.); 100 to 5 Surrey (off.); 100 to 5 Sir Joseph (off.); 100 too Tumult (off.); 100 to 5 Larpent (off.); 00 to 5 Ghost (off.). Cup and Newmarket—1,000 to 5 to 1,000 to 10 double. Leger and Cup—1,000 to 4 offered on field double. Launceston Cup—G to 4 agst. Stockwcll (tk.); 4 to 1 offered others. The result of the running for the English Waterloo Cup has reached us, by which it seems that Captain Ellis's Snowdrift beat the Earl of Haddington's Hornpipe in the final course, and won the stake. 