THIS WEEK The John Elder, which leaves on Septem- ber 7 anl the subsequent homeward Orient steamers will go through the Suez Canal. Messre. W. Thow and Laurence Grayson, w re on Wednesday appointed by the Govern ment as engineer assessors at Port Adelaide. Mr. Matthew Burnett has been holding very successful meetings on Southern Yorke's Penintula recently, over 1,100 members having been enrolled in three weeks. The third andfourth parts of the 'Statistical Register' for 1SS1, dealing with production and interchange respectively, were laid on the table of the House of Assembly on Tues day afternoon. The R.M.S. Indus arrived at Albany at 1.4.0 on Wednesday afternoon, August 30. Her passenger list, together with the usual summary of European news, will be found in another column. Tbe annual report of the conservator of forests (Mr. J. E. Bro^n) on the progress and administration of the forest reserves of South Australia was laid before the House of Assembly on Tuesday. igMr. If ewland is to move in the House of Assembly on Wednesday next — ' That a copy of the report of the engineer of railways, harbors, and jetties on the works done and the extension of the Port Victor breakwater be laid on the table of the House.' On Friday evening, August 26, two fisher* men from Glenelg while netting off the Marino Bocks, near Brighton, caught a large sea monster. After a long tussle it was killed, and found to measure 9 feet long, and weighed over 5 cwt. It was towed to Glenelg bcuind the boat. On Sunday morning, August 27, between 10 acd 11 o'clock, G. Barrow, ostler at Richardson's Commercial Hotel, Kooringa, had his left leg broken above the ankle by a kick from a horse. He was admitted to the Buna Hospital, and Dr. Sangster attended to his injuries. At the Insolvency Court on Tuesday morning, August £0, Simon Peter Harjes was awarded a second-class certificate, no extracolonial creditors appearing to oppose. A rehearing was also granted in the case of Samuel Do' Young, the date for the same being fixed for Tuesday three weeks. In the House of Assembly on Wednesday, September 13, Mr. Xennant is to move for the production of a plan, 'showing the in tended stock roads the Government propose opening through the different parts of the colony, and showing the position of all tanks and wells they propose to construct upon the said roads.' Mrs. Elizabeth M. Sharp, aged thirty-six, wife of Mr. John Sharp, in the employment of Mrs. Freebairn, of Alma Plains, died sud denly on the morning of Friday, August 25, from hemorrhage in childbirth. Enquiries were made by Mr. Hugh. C. Kelly, J. P., and M. C. Delaney, and Mr. Kelly deeming an inquest unnecessary gave a certificate for burial. The barque Eden Holme, which arrived from London on Monday morning, brought with her the rescued crew of the ship Dunselaw, which lost her rudder in lat. 40° 55' S., long. 67° 17' E., and was abandoned 35 days afterwards in lat. 41° 58' S., long. 85° 11' E. The Dunselaw was bound with coals from Cardiff to Singapore. I- The Fi 11 Court was occupied all day on August 24 iiearing arguments in a motion for aa interic cutory injunction in the case of Twcedie v. White to restrain the plaintiff from selling certain property acquired by him under a contract for sale from the defen d int, who had inherited it under his father's will. The injunction was granted. We understand that a building is to be erected on the block of land adjoining the Adelaide Club House, and fronting King William- street, for the Bank of New South Wales. The new building is to be com menced in a few weeks. A large three-story hotel is to be erected from designs by Mr. D. Garlicb, on the site of the Newmarket Inn at the corner of North and West terraces. A serious accident happened to Mr. Richard Healey, tanner, of Bowden, on Friday afternoon, August 25, at North Ade laide. It appears that he was driving rapidly alon? Jeffcott-street, and when turning the corner into Archer-street the vehicle capsized, throwing Mr. Healey out on his head and fracturing his skulL Dr. Jay, who was called, ordered his removal to his home. According to the Northern Argus the house of Mr. McLaren, of Spalding, was entered recently while the family were at chapel. There was a purse with about £3 ia it in Mrs. McLaren's dress, hanging behind the door, which was foimd by the thief and taken away. Everything in the house had been turned over in search of plunder. fMr. McLaren is a poor man, and only earns 20a. a ?week, so his loss will be greatly felt. The Marine Board held a preliminary en ouiry on Wednesday, August 30, into the recent collapse of the boiler of the Govern ment steamer Stanley. After examining1 several witnesses, they resolved to send the case on for trial before the Court of Marine Enquiry, the accused being John Smollie, chief engineer of the steamer. This will be the first ease tried under the new Marine Board Act, and will on that accounts xcite a considerable amount of interest. On Wednesday morning the hounds went out for a spin, starting from the racecourse at 8.30. Mr. Sterling took the master's place on Cupid ; and Collins, the huntsman, piloted Hotspur. Amongst those out were Messrs. Parr on Glencoe, Maegeorge on Bollo, Nan kirell on Esca, Love on Eciipse, Longson on Cockatoo, La£ar on Charlie, P. Fergusson on Red Lancer, A. 3?ergusson on Lome Doone, Irwin on Sbylie Bawn, Wendt on Warrigal, and Glenorchy with Beauchamp up. PThe South-Eastern Star states that the de fault of the Government in failing to properly drain the flats near Millicent, Which were sold at large prices as drained lands, seems to have put the farmers of the locality in a very bad Immoi. At the meeting of the local branch of the Farmers' Association recently they approved of the proceedings of Mr. J. White in Melbourne, and deputed Mr. J. B. Bennett to inspect the land near Lawloit, which the Victorian Minister told Mr. White was open for selection. Among other items of intelligence the Ciare paper mentions that it is proposed to establish a gardeners' society in the town; also that the institute committee, with a view of affording instruction and entertainment to the subscribers and public generally, have been negotiating with gentlemen of position and ability to deliver lectures in Clare. Among others, Professor Custance has been communicated with, and this theoretical and practical agriculturist has expressed his wil lingness to visit Clare at an early date for the purpose of giving an address. Some changes are announced in the bank ing staff at Port Pirie, says the local paper. Mr. A. E. Nott, who has twice been in charge of the Bank of Adelaide, has been transferred to Gumeraclia, his position being filled by Mr. 1?. S. Delano. Mr. Banclaud also is leaving the Pert, he having received the appointment of manager of the Bank of Australasia's branch at Hamilton, Victoria ; ins successor will be Mr. C. G. Riley. The I ranks of tbe local chess club will sustain a serious loss in Mr. Ranclaud, he being recog nised as one of its most reliable and best players. Or;e of the Biverina papers contains the following paragraph : — ' A well-known resi I dent of Wagga recently backed himself to hit a target, four feet square, two hundred times within two hours— two rifles being allowed I for the accomplishment of the task, and the distance being 100 yards. The wager was decided last week, resulting in an easy win for the marksman, who accomplished it in a I little under an hour and a half. The Wagga Express believes that the time would have ?been quicker but for one o£ the rifles— a Martini-Henry — getting out of order during the progress of tbe match.' Mrs. Wells, wife of Mr. George Wells, late of Clarendon, died somewhat suddenly at Brompton on Tuesday morning, August 29. Although the deceased had been an invalid for a number of years her death was quite unexpected. She was in her usual health until Monday about 4 p.m.., when she sustained an attack of apoplexy, lost consciousness, and never again regained it. Dr. R. Stewart, who was in attendance, pronounced it to be a case of apoplexy, and accordingly gave a certificate for burial. The deceased lady, who was 67 years of age, was an old colonist, having arrived in the colony in the John Renwick forty-five years ago. On Saturday afternoon a little girl, the daughter of Mr. Panter, of the Old Bushmaa Hotel, Gawler, had a miraculous escape froai being killed. It appears that the little thing, who is only three years old, was attempting to cross the road, when a cart which was coming aloDg knocked her down. The driver at once pulled up, but the sudden jerk caused the horse to back, and the wheel went over the child about tbe lower part of the abdomen. She was picked up and taken indoors, and the doctor sent for. Dr. AUwork speedily arrived, and upon examination found no bones were broken, though it is too early to say whether any internal injuries have re sulted. A conviction waa obtained under the South Australian Copyright Act of 187S on Friday, August 25, against Mr. F. S. Carroll, editor and proprietor of the Lantern, for publishing in numbers in that paper the well- known journal Pasquin, which was established, edited, and prin cipally written by the late Mr. Mit ford. That lively periodical, which sur vived its founder for but a brief period, is about to be republished in volumes for the benefit of the widow of its f ouiider, and Mr. Carroll was requested not to continue his pub lication of it; but the request he disregarded, and Mr. Beddome fined him 40s., the lowest penalty, this being, we believe, the first con viction under the Act. A CDmpany, with a capital of £100,030, has been formed to take over the wool and pro duce business lately carried on by Messrs. Bean Brotierf. A meeting of the pro vin ial directors was held at Ferry, Moore, & Wilkir son's offices, and the 6,000 thares allotted, the number applied ior|being far in excess of that required, although at the time of allotment all returns from the company's agents had not bnen re ceived. Mr. Rounsevcll, the chairman of the meeting, spoke of the great success that should attend this company if the share holders co- operated, and he felt that a great future was before the company, and as the principle was a mutual one he was sanguine . it would soon become popular. On Friday, Augnst25,Mr. J.Kemp Penney dispatched a party of 200 shearers and shed hands, by order of Mr. P. Waite, to Sir Thomas Elder's station at Paratoo. Mr. Penney*s offices remained open all Thursday night for the reception of men arriving from the country, and about eighty camped down on their swags. At 5.30 a.m. on Friday a move was made for the railway station, and by 6 o'clock all the men were seated in a special train of five carriages engaged for the occasion. The train stopped en route at North Adelaide, Gawler, Riverton, and Sad dleworth, to take up extra hands, and arrived at Tcrowie at 1 o'clock. The party were con veved in waggons to Paratoo, arriving there safely shortly after' sundown. This was the largest shearing party yet dispatched during the present season. At a meeting of delegates representing No liability Companies under the Mining Com panies Act 1SS1, held recently for the purpose of considering defects found to arise in the practical working of the Act, it was unani mously agreed to ask the Attorney-General to introduce an amending Bill without delay to deal with the several points raised. The opinion of the meeting, which included the solicitors of various companies, was that legislation is imperatively required to make the Act workable, particularly with respect to the clauses referring to forfeiture of shares. In pursuance of this Messrs. F. Basedow, M.P., L. L. Furner, M.P., and W. L. Ware waited on the Attorney-General (Hon. J. W. ltowncr) on Saturday morning, August 26, and laid the matter before him. Favorable consideration of the views of the delegates was promised. A return ordered by the House of As sembly on the motion of the Hon. J. Carr, giving information respecting the delivery of telegrams from the Crafers telegraph-ofiice, was laid before the House on Tuesday. The return furnished by tbe telegraph depart ment is as follows : — ' 1. The maximum dis tance for which this department holds itself responsible is one mile within the free de livery. For longer distance we endeavor to make the best possible arrangement. The income for messages at the Crafers telegraph station for 18S1 was £60 19s. 3d. The expen diture for salaries for the same year was £30. 2\. One messenger has been provided; re cently we have employed a second. Note. —Owing to the population of Crafers being so scattered, and the distance to be covered being so great, it is impossible to avoid some delay in the delivery of messages.' One of the German papers reports from Alexandria that Arabi Pasha has ordered the life of Napoleon L to be translated into Arabic ; and at a recent meeting of his friends he said with emphasis : ' Napoleon is my model. I will do what the great man did ; nay, I will do more — I will found an Arabian Empire.' Ee endeavors to gain the reputa tion of a prophet among the people by fre quently quoting the Koran, and spreading re ports of his having had familiar conversa tions during the night with the ghost of Mahomet. On the 2Uth of June, as he was on his way to the mosque, he suddenly stopped and stared as if he were seeing a vision ; then he stamped Ms foot on the ground, and declared that a gun had been buried there. His followers afterwards had excavations made on the spot, and a gun was really found some feet below the surface. The third annual meeting of St. Patrick's Society was held on Monday evening, August 28\. There was a moderate attendance, and the President (Father O'SuUivan) occupied the chair. The secretary's report waa adopted. It showed that during the year forty-six meetings had been held, all of which had been well attended. An entertainment had been given in aid of the Catholic Orphanage, and the proceeds, £22 10s., had been sent as a contribution to that institution in addi ioa to which an annual subscription of £2 2s. would be contributed to the Orphanage. The balance-sheet showed— receipts, £12 13s. 3d.; and expenditure, £3 G?. 3d., leaving a balance in hand of £9 7s. All the officers were re elected for the ensuing year, and a vote of thanks was passed to them for their past services. A committee was formed to con duct the business of the society, and the meeting then adjourned. Some interesting particulars were recently published by the Port Augusta Dispatch re specting the early issues of that paper, with which the daughters of the proprietor had a great deal to do. There is, however, in New South Wales, writes a country contemporary, an existing illustration of the capability of the feminine mind to acquire all the complicated knowledge of the printer's art. TheQueanbeyan Age is a weekly newspaper, published at a small town called Queanbeyan, near Tumut, in the south-eastern district of New South Wales, and it is quite a family affair. The father edits and does all the literary work of the paper, and his four daughters do the whole of the printing and type-setting ; and they do it so carefully and well that it is never necessary to read a proof in the office of the Queanbeyan, Age. The saving of time, the avoidance of worry, and the preservation of good temper which accuracy ensures, can only be appreciated by a newspaper man. The first general meeting o£ shareholders in the John Hill Company was held in the Exchange Arbitration-room on Monday afternoon, August 28. There was a fair attendance, and the Hon. J. Crozier presided. Satisfactory reports were read and adopted. The chairman expressed his pleasure at the manner in which the company was being carried on, and considered great praise was due to Mr. J. Hill for the way in which he managed the affairs. They had been put to great expense, but he had been assured by Mr. Hill that the shareholders would soon be well paid for their outlay. He considered that the company was one of the best that he had ever been concerned in, and would soon pay a dividend as good as a number of com panies that were at present floated. A state ment of accounts which was brought up showed that J. HOI & Co. had been paid £15,612 10s. for their plant. A vote of thanks to the chairman brought the meeting to a close. Fired with martial ardor and a desire to do good service to their country should an emer gency arise, a number of young men assemble weekly in Lord's old store, at Mount Gam bier, for the purpose of acquiring proficiency ia naval drill under one who has gained ex perience in such matters by service in one of Her Majesty's ships of the line. One of the local papers states that one evening recently about a dozen members of this brigade mus tered, though when all told there are about twenty with first, second, and third lieu tenants, and a quartermaster. They were put through skirmishing movements, and ex tension and cutlass drill, and acquitted them selves most creditably, considering the time they had been together. They are a stalwart stjuad, and appear to take a great interest in. their self-imposed duty, are regular in their attendance, and obedient to their officers ; and when they have attained a little more proficiency may have a friendly skirmish with our volunteer force. With reference to the inquest on the aboriginal Jimmy Hewitt, held on Tuesday last, in the course of which the question was raised of censuring the secretary of the hos pital for not having reported to Mr. Hamilton, the protector of aborigines, the discharge of Hewitt from that institution, Mr. Hamilton {informs us that it is not the custom to report to Mm the discharge of aboriginal patients from the hospital at the time they leave, but that a return is made to him at the end of each quarter of all aborigines admitted and discharged. There is, we understand, no hospital rule compelling the secretary to report either the admission or discharge of aboriginals to the protector, but as a matter of practice Mr. Hallack has invariably furnished that officer with a quarterly return of the admission, discharge, and nature of disease in the case of each such patient for statistical purposes. It seems a pity this fact was not known to the jury, none of whom, probably, had he known it would have thought of censuring Mr. Hallack. A meeting of the Imperial Permanent Building and Investment Society was held at the office, Montefiore Chambers, Waymouth strcet on Tuesday evening, August 29, at which a fair number of shareholders attended. Mr. J. Nicholson, in proposing that the re tiring directors — Messrs. J. C Verco, S. Toms, and A. P. Jones— should be re-elected, complimented the management on the success of the society, notwithstanding the low rate at which money has been offering for some time past, and stated that the position and prospects of the society compared very favor ably with other societies in the city, although the rate of interest charged to borrowers is moderate. Mr. J. Kippist seconded Mr. Nicholson's motion, which was carried unani mously. The retiring auditors— Messrs. D. Kekwick and R. E. Kippist were unani mously re-elected, after which the following proposition was pat and carried—' That it is desirable and that the directors therefore take j the proper steps to bring this society under the operation of the Building Societies Act of 188L' The following paragraph is extracted from the Port Augusta Dispatch of August 30 :— ' On Sunday as two young ladies were walk- ! ing in the Park Lands a local draper named : Pearce dashed up to one of them, seized her ; by the arm, and endeavored to fasten hi3 : teeth in the fleshy portion of it, at the same j time making frantic efforts to inflict other ! injuries. The companion of the assaulted j girl with commendable courage attacked the j man with herparasol, and compelled him to desist. A young man named Gray putting in an appearance shortly afterwards adminis tered personal chastisement to this cowardly j insulter of a defenceless female, and Gray's | timely presence protected her from further j annoyance. From what we can learn of the | cause of Pearce's violent action, it seems he has been for a considerable period ardently attached to the young lady, and his advances being rejected, his jealousy was excited, and to such a pitch of frantic violence was he roused that he resorted to the unmanly method of being revenged for fancied slights and injuries. What makes the matter still more incomprehensible is the fact that Pearce is generally an inoffensive and quiet man.' The following letter, which appeared in the 'London Sporting Life of June 13, explains how the rumor of Haitian's death originated, and quite justifies our cablegram on the sub jectin spite of what Mr. M. T. Montgomery has said:— 'To the Editor of the Sporting Life. Sir — We were unwittingly made the means of spreading false intelligence of Hanlan's death on Friday, and as many people may have been misled by it, we beg to express our regret for our part in the matter. The news originated along the riverside, and was circumstantially brought here by a per son well known to us, and who no doubt was as much taken in as ourselves. It appears that the report had been about Putney some time before it reached us, but could not be definitely fixed upon any one. The fact of our putting a ticket in our window — 'Hanlan reported dead' — rather focuses the matter upon us, making it appear as if the bad taste of originating it lays at our door. Our fault consists in not properly testing our informa tion and taking too much for granted. For this we beg to apologise to all whom we may have misled. Will you please give this in sertion in your next, and oblige, sir, yours, &c;, W. Field & Co. Putney, June 12 1S82.' An .enquiry was held by Mr. B. Baseby, J.P., on Monday, August 21, as to the cause of a fire which occurred on the ^premises of Mr. H. J. Parsons, of Teal Flat, during the night of Saturday, August 19, by which the dwelling- house and its contents were en tirely destroyed. Mr. Wm. Day wa3 fore man of the jury. It appeared that early on Saturday morning Mrs. Parsons discovered that the house was on fire, and Mr. Parsons immediately got up and managed to get all the people that were in the house out. The fire was first seen in the storeroom, but no one had been there the night previous with a light. There was a tin of kerosine kept in the storeroom, and anyone could easily have set the place on fire through the window. Under the window there were tracks of some one having been there in their stockinged feet, and the tracks could be traced for sixty yards, where the ground had been disturbed as if by some one putting cn bis or her boots. The house and furniture were not insured, and no threats had at any time been used towards the owner. Mr. Parsons discharged his servant-girl for mis conduct. The footprints appeared to have been made by a woman's feet. The jury returned a verdict that the fire was wilfully caused by some person or persons unknown. The city coroner (Mr. T. Ward, J.P..) held an inquest at the Adelaide Hospital on Mon day morning, August 28, on the body of a lad named George William Wildy, who met his death by an accident on Saturday last. It appeared from the evidence that the deceased, who was fourteen years of age, was a son of William Wildy, a plasterer, of Parkside. He was engaged at the establishment of Scrym gour & Sons, printers, King William-street. On Saturday afternoon about half-past 12 o'clock the deceased, whilst engaged in his occupation, was carrying a press-board up stairs, and when about two steps from the top he by some means slipped and fell over the bannister. About four feet below the ban nister was a lift which the deceased struck with his legs, and then turned over and fell on his head a distance of about twelve feet to . the floor — a concrete one. He was picked up immediately, when he was found to be in sensible, and was at once conveyed to the hospital, where he died at 5.15 p.m. from frac ture of the skulL The jury, after a short de liberation, returned a verdict of accidental death, and added that they were of opinion that the handrail now ia existence was an in sufficient protection against accidents. Mr. Scrymgour begged to be allowed to state that the firm intended at once to make such alterations as would prevent the recurrence of any similar accident in tbe future. A public meeting called by advertisement ' to petition Parliament for an enquiry into the perversion of Ann Deers and the boy Ashwood, and with a view of stopping the proselytism carried on by order of the Desti tute Board,' was held in St. Francis Xavier's Hall on Tuesday evening, August 29. We are unable to publish a report of the pro ceedings as the representatives of the daily Eress were requested to withdraw. We have, oweyer, been supplied with the following re solutions which were passed at the meeting . — 1\. That in the opinion of this meeting the statements published in tbe Parliamentary papers, Nos. 107. 108, disclose the fact that the faith of the Catholic children whilst under the charge of the Destitute Board has been interfered with, and that the licensing of the Catholic child Ann Deers to Mrs. Potter, to be brought up a Protestant, was a direct in fringement of the religious liberty of that child ; a breach of the agreement made with the mother; and an injustice to the Catholic community of the province. 2. That a petition be presented to Parliament em bodying the foregoing resolution, and pray ing that Parliament may order an enquiry to be made into the grievances set forth in. the said petition, and grant such other relief as in its wisdom it may deem fit. 3. That His Lordship the Bishop, Drs. Gunson and O'Connell, Messrs. Conrad, McMullen, and James, be appointed a committee to draw up the said petition and obtain signatures thereto. In a recent communication, Mr. Helmuth Ducberg, of Berlin, presents (says Public j Opinion) a new theory of the moon, and \ argues the possibility of its being inhabited j on the further side. It is well known that j the moon always presents the same face to i the earth. Because this side of the moon is ! an airless and waterless desert we are not j justified, Mr. Dueberg thinks, in assuming ? that the other side is like it. Since the moon j does not revolve so as to change the side j presented to the earth, and since the attrac- : tion of the earth for the moon is very great, I the heavier side, if 'there is any, must be i turned this way. Supposing the moon I to possess air and water, these lighter ! and more fluent elements of her com- ] position Mrould of necessity lie on the further ! side. In the absence of any centrifugal force i due to rotation on her own axis, the only j centrifugal force acting upon the moon must \ be that resulting from the moon's motion ; round the earth. This would tend still more to throw the moon's air and water to the ' out'-side with respect to the earth. For a practical illustration of this view, Mr. Due fterg suggests a ball swinging in a circle by means of a cord. The ball, like the moon, ? will always turn the same side to the centre of revolution ; and if it be dipped in any liquid, the liquid will be rapidly accumulated on the opposite or outer side. Hence the possibility of water, air, and life on the moon, around the shores of a central lunar ? sea, on the side always turned away from us. With regard to the construction of the telegraph line from Harrow to Apsley, the Narracocrte Herald of August 25 observes :— . 'The telegraph poles and wires between Harrow and Apsley are erected, and as soon as the necessary furniture arrives telegraph offices will be opened at Apsley and Eden hope. It is probable that the office at the last-mentioned place will be opened to- ; morrow under the charge of Miss McFarlane, and very likely the Apsley office will be opened next week. Progress is being made with the erection of poles between Apsley and Narracoorte. There are two contractors at work, both working from the boundary. : It is noticeable that the poles on the Vic- ' torian side of the boundary are taller and stouter than those on the South Australian side. The Victorian contractor expects to finish in a week.' In another paragraph, the Herald says :— 'In a short time the tele- '\ graph line will be erected between Narra- : coorte and Apsley, and as there are close ? business and social relations between thess i two places, a good many messages will proba bly be sent. The distance between the two is nineteen miles, and as Apsley is in Victoria the charge for telegrams will be two shillings for ten words. Port Augusta is several hundred miles' from Narracoorte, and yet messages can be sent there for half this cost. These small inconveniences — and there are many of them — make life near the border less comfortable than it would be if that imaginary line were wiped off the maps.' Referring to the surrey of the proposed railway to Border Town, the Ta.tha.ra Mail ia its issue of August 25, says :— Mr. Stewart, of the Government Survey Department, arrived in Border i'own on Tuesday, having traversed the route of the proposed line from Nairne to Border Town. We understand he has been making a flying inspection of the portion to be bridged over. The reason for the inspection may probably be found in the fact that the Government intend shortly, before survey, to bring in a Bill providing for the construction of the line. The engineer ing difficulties will be comparatively li^ht, there being no greater obstructions than an occasional «?-Tiffhiii to cut through, and a little limestone, which would make aimir able ballast. The course will be found fairly level all through, although a little rough country will have to be got over. From Border Town the surveyor followed the li e to the elbow at section 353, and th nee straight to the border, where, doubtless, he will be met by Mr. C. G. E. Barron, the gen tleman surveying for the Victorian Govarn ment from Dimboola to the South Australian boundary. The question of a junction sta tion is one that will require very careful con sideration ; then again that old ' bogie,' the disputed boundary — or 'No Man's Land'— ? obtrudes its unwelcome presence, and some settlement will need to be arrived at before an intercolonial railway can be completed. Failing any other settlement of the matter of land in dispute, the readiest way out of the difficulty would be for each colony to take half and save further bother. On Friday evening, August 25, acorrespon* dent informs us, a musical and literary en tertainment was given in the Noarlunga Dis trict Hall, in connection with the institute. Miss Scott, a young lady (lately from Mel bourne) who has a very fsweet voice, and a number of gentlemen from Adelaide and Port Adelaide were the performers. Mr. M. Burgess occupied the chair, and there was a large attendance. The principal features in the entertainment were songs by Messrs. McEwan, Dyke, Filsell, Fleetwood, and Mussared, Messrs. Mnssared and Fleetwood being repeatedly recalled. The singing of Miss Scott elicited much admiration, and she had to submit to an encore for her rendering of 'Jocko'Hazeldean.' The reciting was done solely by Mr. Mussared, who was heard to advantage. A trio by Messrs. Filsell, Mussared, and Fleetwood, elicited rounds of applause ; but perhaps the most entertaining part of the whole pro graiune was Mr. W. G. Lester's 'Fanny Folks.' This is the second time this gentle man has visited Noarlunga, and when he ap peared on the stage he was received very en thusiastically. His powers of ventriloquism have in no way diminished, bnt if possible improved, and he is pronounced by many to be ore of the best ventriloquists they have heard, and together with his very pleasant and gentlemanly manner, his witticisms and local hits, his littlepeople proved indeed very *' funny folk.' The pianists were Messrs. Channan and Thos. Dungey. A most enjoy able entertainment was brought to a close shortly before 11 , hearty votes of thanks being accorded to the visitors. The Hawaiian Gazette of June 14 eon'a'ns on account of the fatal accident which re sulted in the death of Captain Hope, of H.M.S. Champion. Captain Hope was just starting to xide out to the racecourse on a horse hired from a livery stable-keeper. Captain Hope mounted in the stable- yard, and, dropping the reins on his horse's neck, proceeded to put on his gloves ; gathering up the reins he unfortunately pulled sharply, causing the horse to rear and fall over. The captain was taken into Dodd's harness-room, and Drs. Brodie, Rogers, and Duke (the ship's doctor) were quickly in attendance. About 1 o'clock he was removed to the hospital. In spite of everything that could be done, the unfortunate gentle;'* a never recovered consciousness, and died at half - past 7 p.m. Captain Hope was only 41 years of aze. He was born January 23, 1841. He was con nected with the family of Lord Hope, of Hopetown. The seat of Ms branch of the family is at Luffness, Scotland. He had had an exceptionally fortunate career. Entering the navy in March, 1S51, and serving shortly after in the Black Sea as signal midshipman under Admiral Lord Lyons, the uncle of Ad miral Lyons, now cemmander-in-chief of the British squadrou in the Pacific, he became a sub-lieutenant in March, 1SS0, lieutenant in March, 1SG1, commander October, 186S, and captain September, 1S76. While in command of the Falcon in 1864, he distinguished him self by several attacks on the rebel native worksi on the Waihi River, New Zealand. For this he was specially mentioned in the despatches, and received the New Zealand medal. On Monday evening, August 28, a lecture was given in the institute hall, Woodaide, by Mr. R. Rees, M.P., on ' Macaulay as poli tician, historian, and poet.' The Hon. A. Catt (Commissioner of Crown Lands) pre sided. In his introductory remarks the chairman said lie had great pleasure in re visiting this old district and looking on faces which had once been familiar, though he was sorry to say many whom he once knew were now no more. He was very pleased to note that Woodside, though a quiet place, had not altogether fallen asleep but was giving un mistakable indications of progress, which progress he hoped would long continue. Dr. and Miss Esau having given a ' Cantata, march,' Mr. Rees delivered his lecture, which was attentively listened to throughout. At intervals musical selections were contri buted by Miss MacBean, Miss Esau, Mr. S. R. Wilson, and Mr. F. Lauterbach. Mr. Wake recited the greater partof ' Horatius,' and the Misses Lorimer favored the audience with an excellent duet. At the close of the lecture Mr. R. Caldwell (president of the institute) moved a vote of thanks to the Hon. Mr. Catt, which was carried by the audience and acknowledged by the chairman. On the motion of the Rev. John Macbean, M.A., a similar compliment was paid to the lecturer, the rev. gentleman speaking in terms of the highest praise of the manner in which Mr. Rees had performed his task that evening. At the instance of Mr. Jas. Johnstone a vote of thanks was accorded to the ladies and gentlemen who had assisted, and the pro ceedings terminated. The proceeds of the lecture amounted to about £7 14s. The half-yearly meeting of the Southern Star, No. 1, 1.O.R., S.A., District No. SI, was held in the Rechabite Hall, Grote-street, on Monday, August 28, when the balance-sheet and auditors' and trustees' reports were pre sented, and after some little discussion were adopted. The reports showed that the fol lowing progress bad been made during the half-year : — Number of members admitted, 18 ; run out and withdrawn, 7 ; leaving an increase of U, thus making the total number of members 289. In the financial depart ment, the receipts had been £393 17s. 3d., and the expenditure, £268 2s. 7d., giving a profit of £125 14s. Sd. on the half-year's operations. ?The total funds now amount to £1,692 23. 6d., of which sum, £1,600 is invested in good freehold securities. The election of officers for the ensuing term resulted in tbe following j being chosen, who were afterwards installed into their new positions by Bro. M. H. Madge, P.D.C.R. s-E.E. Alcock, C.R. ; W. H. Peppeyell, D.B.; G. Jenner, E.S.; E. Alcock, financial secretary; W. Holland, treasurer ; W. Hemingway, M.S. ; J. F. White, Levite ; S. R. Smith, guardian ; W. Maleyand A. Lemon, auditors ; E. E. Alcock and W. Bullin, delegates to district meeting. The usual testimonial was presented to Bro. Bullin, the retiring C.R. by Alderman Madge, P.D.C.R. Bro. Bullin feelingly thanked the members for the honor con ferred on him. Amongst the business brought before the meeting was the desirableness of further promoting the interests of the order by holding temperance meetings in the city and suburbs, and it was resolved that a com mittee be appointed to confer with the dis trict officers to carry out that purpose. The anniversary of the Mitcham Baptist Church was celebrated by tea and public meetings and a sale of fancy goods on Tues day, August 29. In the afternoon a large number of useful and fancy articles were offered for sale in the schoolroom. There was a fair attendance of buyers, and £25 was realised by the sale. Tea and public meet ings were subsequently held, both of which were largely attended. The public meeting was presided over by Mr. C. H. Goode, and appropriate addresses were delivered by the Revs. S. Mead, M.A., LL.B., S. Fairey, J. Gray, and H. J. Lambert. The treasurer in his report stated that the receipts for the past ycai' had been £218 2s. lOrrd., and the expen diture £2S8 13s. Balance in hand, £3 7s. Sid., exclusive of the remaining debt of £260 on the manse. The proceeds of the anniversary services amounted to £52. During the meet ing the chairman in a suitable speech pre sented the Rev. James Gray, who for the last six years has held the pastorate of the church, with an elegant timepiece, sur mounted by a handsome bronze ornament, accompanied by a purse containing 10j sovereigns. Attached to the clock was a silver plate, bearing the following inscrip tion : — ' Presented to the Rev. James Gray, accompanied by a purse of sovereigns, by his sincere friends and well-wishers in Mitcham, Coromandel Valley, Adelaide, and etsewhere, on his resigning the pastorate of the Mitcham and Valley churches.' Mr. Gray briefly thanked the congregation for their kindness to him, and expressed his regret at having to leave them, but said he was forced|,o do so on account of the weak state of bis constitu tion, and he needed rest very much, On Monday afternoon a number of gentle- men accepted the invitation of Messrs. Law- rance & Brook to visit the well-known Glen Osmond quarries, which have been worked by Mr. Aithur Hardy, M.P., for more than thirty years. From the road these quarries look large, but a very imperfect idea of their extent can be obtained without going over them, and those of the party who had not previously given them so close an inspection were greatly impressed with their- size, and especially their height and the great amount of labor that has been bestowed upon them. Several immense blasts will be fired in the course of the next few weeks, which it is expected will dislodge hundreds of thousands of tons of stone. The charge in one of these blasts will consist of 23,000 lbs of blasting powder and dynamite. The tunnelling for each blast goes a hundred feet, more or leas, into the hill, dipping down- ward, and branches off to the right and left. It is proposed to form a company the prospectus haying already been issued to purchase the lease of these quarries from the present holder and work them, part of the speculation being to purchase machinery to crush the rock for road metal. The stone is of excellent quality and the demand for it unlimited. The quarries are so opened up and have so great an extent of steep face — much of it a hundred feet high — that they are in excellent order for imme- diate profitable working. Mr. Hardy having shown the party over most of the ground some refreshments were provided, and were found very welcome after the exercise gone through. The workings yet remaining to be viewed were inspected and a start was made for town, and so a pleasant afternoon's excur- sion came to an end. An inquest was held by the city coroner the KewHoteL Semaphore, on Tuesday after! noon, August 29, on the body of Robert Richard Dean, a little boy, aged four years, who was found dead with his head in a sand hole on the previous day. Mr. J. C. Addison was foreman of the jury. Clara Bertha Dean, wife of Richard Dean, engineer, living at Kew, said she was the mother of deceased. At about 4 o'clock on Monday he went out to play, but a quarter of an hour afterwards a boy named Charles Othen came in and told her that he believed her little boy was dead. Ran out and found deceased with his head buried in the sand. Took him home at once, put some brandy and water to his lips, and placed him in a warm bath, but it seemed of no use. In the mean time sent for Dr. Mackintosh, who arrived soon after, and stated that life was extinct. Robert Morton, a boy, said he was returning from school with the lad Othen. when he saw deceased lying quite still in tne sand, with his head and part of his shoulders in a little hole. The sand only covered his chin, how ever, and his hands seemed to be pressing down the sand, as though he had been trying to get out. Pulled him out of the hole, whilst Othen went for Mrs. Dean. Charles Othen corroborated. He added that he had of tan seen deceased try to stand on his head in the sand. Dr. Mackintosh said he was met in the street by a messenger, who asked him to go to Mrs. Dean's house, to see the boy. Went at once, and found the child dead. From various appearances he had no hesitation in stating that the cause of death was suffocation. . The jury returned a verdict of accidental death, adding a rider expressing sympathy with the parents of the deceased. fiThe second general meeting of the Mus grave Range and Northern Territory Pastoral Land Company was held at the company's office, Royal Chambers, Carrie-street, on Monday, August 28. There were six gentle men present, representing 30,475 shares, and the Hon. R. D. Ross occupied the chair. The directors' report up to July 31 hist was as follows ; — ' The property of whieh the com pany is possessed comprises leaseholds and claims representing 1,545 square miles in South Australia proper, subject to an annual rental of 2s. Cd. per square mile ; and S3,510 square miles in the Northern Territory, sub ject to an annual rental of 6d. per square mile for the first seven years, and 2s. 6d. for remainder of term. Through the exception* ally dry seasons of late years the route to the Musgrave Range country, which is well watered, and could be at once stocked, has become unavailable, and your directors have had no alternative but to await the complete breaking up of the drought, after which they will immediately .consider the question of stocking this portion of the company's pro perty. A deputation, consisting of the direc tors of the company and others, having represented to the Government the inacces sibility to the Musgrave Ranges from want of water, has since received, through the chairman, the satisfactory reply that a party had already been dispatched with a view to opening up a travelling stock route.' The adoption of the report and balance-sheet was moved by the chairman, seconded by the Hon. K. C. Baker, and carried unanimously. The Hon. W. Morgan and Mr. W. Reynell were re-elected directors, and the retiring auditor, Mr. H. Stodart, was also reappointed, his remuneration being fixed at £3 3s. The meeting then terminated. The following interesting announcement is made in the AihentEumoi July 8: — 'In the course of the next few weeks we hope to print a series of hitherto unpublished Byron papers. Beginning with a letter from John Byron, the poet's father, to his daughter Augusta, and letters from the poet's mother to her husband ; to Mrs. Leigh, the wife of General Charles Leigh, colonel of the 20th Regiment of In fantry ; and to her stepdaughter Augusta — the writings comprise a collection of poems by Lady Byron, writtenduring her brief residence with her husband, some of them containing emendations by his pen; correspondence between Lady Byron and Augusta (the Hon. Mrs. Leigh) during the term of Lady B jton's engagement to the poet 'and the earlier months of their married life ; correspondence from the date of Lady Byron's withdrawal from London till the settlement of the terms of her separation from her husband; letters from Lord Byron to his wife. Dr. Drury, Mr. Hoppner, and others, including his last letter to Lady Byron, written on the eve of his departure from England; corre3pon-l?nee of Lady Byron and Augusta from the commencement of the quarrel between Lady Byron and her husband till the date of Lord Byron's death; documents touching the destruction of the 'Memoirs/ including Augusta's narrative of the circum stance of the destruction of the famous MS. ; correspondence from the date of the poetfe death till 1830, exhibiting the circumstances, hitherto undivulged, that caused Lady Byron's animosity against the woman whom she had held for 15 years in the highest esteem; and a group of letters having reference to Lady Byron's interview with her sister-in-law in 1851, in the presence of Mr. Robertson, of Brighton. This large body of correspondence will be found to demonstrate the baselessness of the various statements made by Lady Byron in her lateryearsto her sister-in-law's discredit, and more especially of the hideous imagination to which Mrs. Beecher Stowe gave such wide and lamenta ble publicity some thirteen years since.' On Sunday, August 27, the opening ser vices in connection with the Glenelg new Weslcyan schoolroom were commenced in the Glenelg Wesleyan Church. Impressive ser mons were preached in the morning by the Rev. R. S. Casely (president of the con ference), and in the evening by the Rev. C Manthorpe. In the afternoon a service of song was held under the leadership of Mr. Priest, Mr. W. Weedon being organist, and Mr. W. Birks giving the connective readings. On Monday, August 28, a public tea meeting was held in the new schoolroom, and was largely attended. The following meeting was held in tbe church, and was presided over by the Hon. John Colton, who earnestly pleaded for the religious education of the young. Appropriate addresses were delivered by the Revs. T. Lloyd, J. Allen, C. Manthorpe, and Messrs. J. li. Hill, C. Priest, andG. Padman. From the statement made by Mr. W. Birks it appears that the schoolroom is in the clear CO feet by 30 and 20 feet high. The ceiling is flat, and is ornamented with a neat cornice and centre ornaments. A raised platform stands at one end of the room, wish cadar rail. Altogether the hall presents a pleasing and an attractive appearance. The children's classroom with raised gallery i3 24 feet by 11 feet. The total cost of the buildings, including gas- fittings and architect's fees, will be about £780. The subscrip tion list, including proceeds of bazaar amounts to £416, leaving a debit balance of £304. It is confidently hoped that by a sup plementary bazaar to be held shortly, aad the proceeds of the opening services, this latter amount will be greatly reduced. Tlie build ings as now finished are a great credit to the architect (Mr. Williams, of Adelaide) and to the builder (Mr. Hardy, of New Glenelg). Thanks were duly accorded to the id. lies for the tea, the ministers and friend * vho had assisted at the services and raetciag, and specially to the chairman for the interest which he had taken in the movement from the beginning. The proceeds amounted to £1GO. An important experiment, which is exciting the greatest interest in medical circles is being made at Leicester (the London Times says) under the care of Dr. William Johnston, medical officer of health. There are more prosecutions for non-compliance with the compulsory vaccination laws in Leicester than in all the other towns of the kingdom put together. The past six months have witnessed very serious outbreaks of small- pox of a very virulent kind in the midlands, and at Leicester a very considerable num- ber of cases have been imported from London, Birmingham, Nottingham, and other towns. Every one of these outbreaks was stamped out by the following method: — The corpora- tion have powers under a local Act of Par- liainent compelling under a heavy penalty, medical men and householders promptly to report the outbreak of infectious diseases, in- cluding smallpox and fever, the medical men receiving a small fee for each report. In the event of a case of smallpox being reported at the sanitary offices, which are directly con- nected with the fever and smallpox hospitals by means of the telephone, an officer at once communicates with the institution, the removal van is placed in readiness, and beds are prepared for the requisite number of patients. The medical officer of health and an inspector at once visit the house where the outbreak has occurred, explaining the nature of the disease to the inmates, and in- variably succeed in inducing not only the patients to allow themselves to be removed to the hospital, but— what is of equal importance —in inducing every one who has come into contact with the sufferer and everyone living in the same house to occupy quarantine rooms at the hospital. The telephone is again brought into requisition, and the removals take place with the least possible delay. Those in quarantine are provided with every comfort and means of recreation until the period of quarantine has elapsed, and meantime the house where the outbreak occurred is thoroughly disinfected at the expense of the local authorities. The barrier which has for ages surrounded the ' forbidden land' of Corea seems at last to be fairly breached. During the last few years strenuous eftorts (says St. James's Gazette) have been made from various quarters to open up the land to the outside world. Japan, the United States, England, Italy, France, and Russia, have all from time to time made efforts to establish commercial re« lations with it, but till quite recently with no result. A short time ago, indeed, Russia was threatening to make preparations to annex a country that would afford her excellent ports on the Pacific; but she wisely came to the conclusion that it would be better for her not to provoke a war with China. Quite recently embassies have been exchanged between Corea and Japan ; many young- Coreans are being educated in Japan; while Japanese officers are at the Court of Corea instructing her soldiers in the use of modern artillery For some years the Japanese have had a commercial station at Fusan, on the south coast. But still the country was as practic ally closed to foreigners generally as ever. In the beginning of May, however, a small fleet of five United States warships had assembled at Kobe, in Japan, to be used, if necessary, as a powerful argument in inducing the Coreans to conclude a treaty of amity and commerce. According to a Shanghai tele* gram, the Commodore Schufeldt has suc ceeded in his mission without being com pelled to use his last argument. His treaty provides that the ports of Jen-san, Fusan, and Renshan shall be open to trade. It may be hoped that this means trade in general, and not the United States trade only. The same telegram states that Mr. Mande, of the Chinese Legation, has gone to Corea to ob tain the signature of the treaty arranged be tween Sir Tho&as; Wade and Li Wring Chang. All this is a good deal more than the thin end of the wedge ; it virtually means that Cqrean exclusiveness will soon be ae much a thing of the past as that of China and Japan. It is high time that the same service were done for Thibet. The Samoa correspondent of the Fiji Times writes : — ' The political affairs of Samoa are still in a very mixed condition. Consuls and captains of war- vessels have tried their hands at improving the so-called Government, with more or less success. The result is that we at present have two king, Malietoa Laupepa, styled King of Samoa, and TugunaTamasese, styled Suitupu, or vice-king. This arrange ment has brought peace to the islands, but, as it seems, no settled state of affairs. Some districts are still greatly dissatisfied, and had it not been for the threats of the German consul-general, who nearly always has a war vessel at his command, and for fear of the other powers whose men-of-war visit our shores occasionally, the strife would long ago have started afresh. Annexation is a uiing that eventually will follow the present state of things, but what country will be the first to take the islands under its pro tecting wing is a thing hard to predict. The German influence, at one time so powerful, has in later years sensibly declined. In fact since the departure of the former German consul, Mr. Weber, it has loss prestige to a very considerable extent. The arrival of Sir Arthur Gordon is daily expected, and in the present state of things it is quite possible that his visit may turn the wavering scale in : favor of British interests, and give a pre dominating power to English influence.' The same correspondent reports : — 'Business has of late been rather duU. Two American firms have lately established themselves here, and are going in for copra ; in consequence, the prices of native produce have risen rapidly. This has made the Samoans lively. - They have forgotten all about their political quarrels, and kings, ministers, chiefs, and commoners are all busily engaged cutting out copra. The German plantations are now busily engaged in picking cotton, and the present state of the weather is very favor able' to the crop. Unfortunately, we are beginning to experience the same difficulties in procuring labor as are reported from Fiji. Employers will scarcely be able to procure the hands necessary for the present year, while to look further ahead is more than anyone cares to attempt.' A public meeting was held atthe Travellers Rest Inn, Houghton, on Friday evening, August 25, for the purpose of considering the advisability of objecting to the junction of the Main North-Eastern-road, south branch, being at Houghton Hollow, instead of at Inglewood, and to that portion of the road between Houghton and Inglewood being struck cS the schedule of main roads. Mr. W. H. Ind (chairman of the Highercombe District Council) occupied the chair. About thirty gentlemen were present. Messrs. J. Mundy, C. Newman, G. W. ffibbert, and other gentlemen addressed the meeting, pointing out the undesirability of the pro posed alteration and the great disad vantage it would be for the public generally if the junction were at Houghton Hollow instead of at Inglewood, and also stating that the distance would be greatly increased. The subject having been discussed, Mr. G. Newman proposed and Mr. A. Possingham seconded' the following motion: — 'That this meeting is oE opinion. that the junction of the Main North-Easternroad, south branch, being at Houghton Hollow instead of at Inglewood will be very detrimental to the interests of that portion of the public who constantly use the said road, and that a memorial be signed by persons concerned, and be presented to the Commissioner of Public Works by the members for the dis trict and a deputation objecting to the devia tion being made, and further objecting to that portion of the same road leading from Houghton and Inglewood being struck off the schedule of main roads, as recommended by the Local Road Board, Central District.' The motion was carried unanimously. It was further resolved that the deputation should consist of Messrs. W. Haines and S. Tomkin son, members for tbe district, Hon. A. B. Murray, M.L.C., Hon. R. D. Ross, M.P., the chairmen and members of the district councils of Highercombe, Para Wirra, and Tunkillo, and other gentlemen. A further resolution was unanimously agreed to that the District Council of Highercombe should be asked to take the immediate steps neces sary to obtain signatures to the memorial for presentation. A vote of thanks to the chair man brought the meeting to a close. A deputation, consisting of the members for West Ton-ens (Messrs. W. H. Bean and F. E. Bucknall), the members of the District Council of West Torrens and then: clerk, the members of the Corporation of Glenelg, and Mi-. J. Soal (town clerk), and Mr. W. H. Gray, of the Reedbtds, waited upon the . Commissioner of Crown Lands on Monday, August 28, to ask him to re commend the Government to place upon the Supplementary Estimates a sum of money to subsidise an amount of £1,000 which had been raised by private subscriptions (and of which Mr. Gray had contributed £300) wiUi a view of erecting a bridge suitable for vehicle traffic across the Patawolonga Creek. Mr. Bean in introducing the deputation stated that the new bridge was proposed to be erected in St. Leonards ward at the end of St. Ann's strcet, and it would thus become a continua tion of the Military-road. _ Mr. Bucknall pointed out to the Commissioner that until recently the proposed work would have been subsidised as a matter of course, but the reso lution of Government not to subsidise private subscriptions rendered this deputation neces sary. He stated that in his opinion the depu tation had good grounds for their request, in asmuch as the original plan showed a bridge across the creek where it was now proposed to erect the structure. He advocated that the bridge should be so constructed as to allow in the event of the creek being dammed vessels to pass through the same. Councillor Nicholson said that the bridge would be very advantageous from a military point of view, inasmuch as a fasile means would be afforded of moving men and guns between Glenelg and the Semaphore, and pointed out that the present was only a footbridge, and was at least half a mile dis- ' taut from the Military-road. It would also be of great benefit to the people of Adelaide and the Port, aa they would then be able to drive from the Semaphore' to Glenelg, and thus have one of the most pleasant drhesiu South Australia. The ComiL:i*-=i!:Ti cf Crown Lands said he thought rli-i ii:^-;;'.:^' iv:.: had made out a very strong cast in /svoi of the Government subsidising the cost of the erection of a bridge over the Patawolonga Creek, and would have much pleasure in re commending his colleagues to accede to the request. The London Globe has the following on the reported intention of the Russian Govern ment to abolish exile to Siberia : — The Novoe Yremya, which is usually well informed in administrative matters, states in a leading article that the Russian Government is actively engaged discussing a project for abolishing exile to Siberia. This may seem an untrustworthy rumor to persons un acquainted with Russian progress, bat it is, in effect, altogether in harmony with the tendency both of the Russian Government and people to give over treating Siberia as a huge Botany Bay, and make use of it as a. colonial adjunct, like Canada or Australia. Of course a place must still be found for the 30,000 exiles who are deported from European Russia every year, and here tbe recent annexation of Saghalien comes in handy to play in the North Pacific the role that Nevr Cale donia plays on behalf of the French in the South Pacific Ocean. Should the island become overcrowdeJ, as it would very likely Ve in course of time unless the stream of liilesdiminibhed, a second penil settlement rould be formed in the inhospitable wilds of Novoe Zcmlia-, where a Russian geographer has recently demonstrated the winters to ba not &o; bad as usually represented. Whether tills be so ornot, or whether NovoeZemlia will : ever succeed Saghalien. it seems to be toler ably certain that before Ions the indiscrimi nate distribution uf exiiea over t'ac length and breadth of Siberia wiil undergo a thorough overhauling. At present exiles are shot ever the Urals into Asia in a mo»t promiscuous manner, scarcely a third remaining in the districts assigned to t*-i.~-n, and a large proportion wandering about the country like vagrants. In a word, ia most essentials the deportation of non political convicts is simply a sert of enforced colonisation, with a sufficient grant from the ! State to keen the exiles from actual starva- | tion. This intrusion of a needy criminal ! clement has always been a grievance to the j regular Siberians, and has been unanimously ! regarded by Russian statesmen as the prin cipal cause of the stunted growth of the country during its 300 years' existence under j Russian rule. Now that the European rail way system penetrates beyond the Urals, and the province of Tobolsk has been placed on the same home administrative footing as St. Petersburg or Moscow, the deportation of exiles, to Western Siberia at least, has be come an anomaly; and of the two they would be kept in hand better in the island Saghalien than in the eastern section of that great appanage of the Russian empire.9' The first general -meeting of the Aus tralian Frait and Vegetable Preserving Company (Limited) was held *t the office ot the company, Pirie-street, oa Tuesday, August 29. There was a good attendance, and the Hon. R. D. Ross presided. Ia pre senting the report and balance-sheet, the chairman said the shareholders could hardly have expeeted a more favorable result than was shown in the report. The profit and loss account during the last year showed a debit of £190 12s. 9d., but they bad wiped £1)09 5s. off the preliminary expenses. The estimate of the Talue of stock had been somewhat under stated. In consequence of the expense which had been incurred, there had been some apparent loss on the year's transactions. The company's operations were carried on. if not at a profit certainly not at a loss. The directors could confidently recommend the company to eontinue operations. There was no reason whatever, should the next season be favorable, why they should not place before the shareholders a different statement. They had only commenced operations last year, and they had been under a disadvantage because the prices for early fruit were unusually high. The balance-sheet was then read, which showed the preliminary expenses to be £337 15s., of which £109 5a. had been written off ; cost of plant and material, £1,1S5 7s. 7d ; patent lights, £2,000 ; the freehold property and improvements, £3,574 13s. The value of stock was £2,429. In moving the adoption of the report Mr. S. Davenport stated that great good had been done by the company. The machinery, which had been under the immediate superintendence of the manager, Mr. Pulleine, had proved an indubitable success. Six machines bad been made in this colonv at a far less cost than imported machines. A good price might be made out of the cultiva tion of grapes and vegetables, and a company Of this kind would do much to en courage the cultivation of potatoes at a reasonable figure in the hills about Ade laide. He was not surprised, and he would venture to say that neither were the directors, at the result of the present season's operations, as shown by the balance-sheet. Better re sults, however, might be anticipated in future, when the expenses would be far less heavy. After Messrs. Joyner, Scammell, andCollison nad spoken, the balance-sheet was adopted unanimously. The fee for the past audit was fixed at £4 4s., and the auditors, Messrs. Harvey and Kekwick, werere-elected, as al«o ?were the directors, Messrs. Ross (chairman), CounselL Davenport, Hardy, and Scammell. i The South-Eastern Star has the following i remarks in its last issue with regard to the case of an old soldier who was some time ago imprisoned on a criminal charge, and has since been discharged from gaol :— ' On the 2nd May last we published a letter from a correspondent signing himself ' Miserabilis,' j and calling attention to the case of Charles Jones, 'an old soldier of many battles,' who received a sentence of four months' imprispn ment at the local Circuit Court for passing valueless cheques. Our correspondent alluded to the paltry amounts of the cheques, and re gretted that an old man who had served his country so well and 'had been in so many I fights' should be compelled to resort to dis- j honest means to procure the necessaries of life j forhknself, his wife, and three children. Jones Las now served the sentence imposed upon him by the judge, and is at liberty once more. He expresses great contrition for his lapse from the path of honesty and hopes in future to be able to earn an honest living. We hav? been again asked to mention his case with the view of assisting him to obtain employ ment and we willingly do so, because it is to the interest of society to reclaim the ei-riog1 rather than to visit them with continual dis pleasure and thus drive them again to evil courses. Briefly then, Charles Jones is the ton of a Grenadier Guardsman and was born in the army, fie served as a trumpeter in the Queen's Lancers for twenty-sis years ; w*s threwgh the Afghanistan campaign of 1S38 to 7842 : was present at the rescue of Lady Sale, ber daughter, Lady Havelock, and Lady MeEavgbten from Akbar Khan at the Khyber Pass ; was present at the taking of Jellalia fcad and Ghuznee; and afterwards at the storming of Gwalior ; he fought all through the Punjaub war against the Sikhs ; his horse was shot under him by a shell from the Sikh guns and both his legs were broken ; at the same time he received a sword cut on the ; head, which necessitated trepanning and the i introduction of a silver plate into the skull, i and had two bayonet wounds in the back. I Subsequently he fought in the Crimean war j under Lord Lucan and was wounded at In- { kermann. He is now 69 years of age; as 1 previously stated he has a wife and three { children to support, and unfortunately his wounds have broken out afresh which necessi tated his removal to the hospital during the greater part of bis sentence. He states that be can do gardening and other light work, and we feel sure that all who have any feeling for the suffering of those who have fought for theii country will aid him in obtaining em ployment and perhaps render him some other little assistance that may make bis de clining years as free as possible from the terrors of poverty.' in our English telegrams early in July it was mentioned that infernal machines had been discovered near Bradford, and had caused much consternation there. The pro vincial papers are now to hand, and Mr. D. Bower, M.P., has furnished us with a copy of the Bradford Daily Telegraph for July 3 giving particulars, which will prove of in terest to South Australians, as the names of places in this colony were found on the parcels containing the machines. Our Commissioner of Police would do well to procure, if possible, the original writing, for his acquaintance with local names might enable him to de cipher more than the English authorities who seem only to know that one name is that *' of some foreign town.' Subjoined are the details : — Some consternation has been caused in the Craven valley by the discovery of three infernal machines and other suspicious articles in a railway carriage at Kildwick station on the 22nd June. On the arrival of the 6.37 train from Leeds at Kildwick on Thursday morning, the 22nd June, a pas senger in a third-class carriage called the attention of one of the porters, named Walter Wall, to a brown paper parcel, which he banded to the official, at the same time stat ing that a person who had got out at Shipley station had left the parcel. No supicions were immediately aroused, and the parcel was taken charge of by one of the railway officials, to be called for, but as no one came to make enquiries about it, the parcel was examined and found to consist of three infernal machines with fuses, each weighing about 8 lbs. There were also twenty-three other articles, about the size of a candle, with a cork in the end of each. After this remarkable dis covery the officials communicated with the Skipton police, and requested an immediate . inspection of the dangerous articles. Police sergeant Collins, of Skipton, was soon after wards on the spot, and found from examina tion that the parcel contained the above mentioned articles. The machines are about the size of a man's head, and j shaped like a balloon. It is pretty generally supposed that the conveyance of these ma- i chines into the neighborhood of Shipley i during the visit of the Prince and Princess of | Wales has had something to do with an at- j tempt upon the life of his Royal Highness, j especially on the first day of his visit to Sal- { taire. A fully-qualified person has been sent : for by the police to make a careful examina- ? ?tion of th» machines. The police have not ; as yet got any clue to the person who got out ; at Shipley and left the parcel in the train, j nor have they been successful in tracing the j person who. gave the information at Kild- , wick station. This may be easily accounted for, as the parcel remained a week in charge of the railway officials before it was '? thought advisable to open it. There was nothing upon or inside the parcel to lead j to the identification of the owners of the ! parcel, but the name 'London Dock? and af some foreign town is written outside tha parcel. The candle-shaped articles are iup« j posed to contain dynamite. The finding of the machines has caused some excitement in ! the district, and the general publio are of , opinion that it was intended to commit some j diabolical outrage upon tie royal visitors to ) Saltaire or upon some one about them. The following is a copy of the inscription on the parcels containing the infernal machines :— T4532 B Kapunda (a) : Adelaide Noakes i Warbu 17, Pas Paratoo [this is written four times] London Dock [this is written, five times ia blue pencil] B 550,600,950. 