STEALING LETTERS IN THE I'OS'l' OFFICE. Pierce J. Heally, a young man employed in tho General Post Office as olerk and letter-sorter, was brought up at the Water Police Court yesterday, and charged with stealing a letter containing two £1 notes, tha property of tho Postmaster- 'General. Ttrtf«n+tv nVinrlAM .Trriin Ahhrtf". riennap.ri that; hf> was on duty in the General Post Office on Tuesday, tho 25th instant, and was, by orders received from bis superior officers, watching the prisoner. The prisoner left the office, and witness followed him to tho water cloBet, and on pushing open the door lie (witness) found three letters in the pan. One of the letters had been opened, and two were un opened, Ho then told prisoner who he wns. Ho bad previously seen prisoner with letters in bis hand in the office, covering them w'th his handkerchief, nnd then putting them into his pocket. In consequence of what ho had seen he followed the prisoner to the closet. The closet was self-acting, and hnd witness not put his knee on it when tho prisoner got up the fetters would have been washed down. On taking the letters from the closet witness saw from the first lino of the one which hnd been opened that it had contained £2, He searched the closet care fully, bnt could not find the money. On leaving, prisoner thrust his arm back through the door, whereupon witness pushed the door open, and then saw two £I-notcs on the sent, quite dry and ornmplcd up. Witness then took the prisoner np to the clerks' room, and Superintendent Day was sent for. He (Mr, Day) said to prisoner, " What 1 Heally, are you the thief ?" Prisoner Baid, " I have not been doing it all along, sir." Witness albo 'heard him say " I havo only just commenced it." Prisoner was much affected, and pale as a ghost, and snnk baok into his chair, hardly able to speak. Prisoner, who was defended by Mr. Williamson, was remanded till Tuesday next, being allowed bail — himself in £300, and two sureties of £150 each; to be approved by the police. O. H. ADAMS, .pedal representative of tho Lauding Msnu- footnrors of Great Britain, Ireland, France, and Belgium at too Australian Exhibition-:, executes Indents (for Wholesale -Importers only free « ecsU 43 Pitt-street, Sydaoy and Melbourne, 