" THE ARCHBISHOP'S CHERRY , RIPE: At Rosebank . Convent School, under the veil of a pretended new hope, Arch bishop Yaughan, fairly,. yielded up the ghost of his old oft., repeated prophecies, about the return of state aid to denomi- national schools, under a conviction of justice to his. sect. He had hoped, and painfully re-iterated: the certainty, /in various orations, that as they were found building so many - schools, and paying their expenses, public opinion would come round to the opinion .that, they ought. not tq .be taxed to support public schools: witli the rest of the community, but that; they should have a separate grant, or be '."paid." " by results,',', leaying; the other, sects? to use the public, scliqpls,- With the view of fulfilling his own prophecy he .urged the erection of various ;big school-buildings in connection with the several churches, by the free contraction of large, debts, the number of children supposed to be accom modated being announced at sometimes more .than .double,. the actual number, and he was expecting, that about this time, . with; the help of these, and such aid in parliament., as .Messrs. O'Connor, Slattery, "&c.;, could give, and such aid outside as Mr. Macleay could givei with the remnant of the Anglican Epis copal scattered party, he might show some " results " of his wasted strategy. Last Sunday he publicly abandoned his hopes ; and, in the face of the fact that this year now slipping away is the last in which his sectarian schools shall receive State aid, ha even renounced the desire to obtain from public funds any further assistance. He prefers the liberty of doing as he likes to"- the money coupled with inevitable conditions. A very wise choice, whose courage we should more easily appreciate had it not been withheld until all choice was gone except Hobson's, and had not he himself in a hundred speeches, in recent years, bawled into his peoples' ears the duty of insisting on a separate grant for what he called " Catholic " education, advising them even to keep up a con fusion in other political matters so long as this boon were denied. Sweet are the uses of adversity. The grapes which hang so high, the fox by the utmost effort cannot reach. So now, the grapes are sour — in fact, he would not have them as a present.- Poor fox, that bushy tail of yours which you carried so proudly seems just now drooping and a little retroussec, in fact somewhat between your legs. But if the grapes are out of reach there are some beautiful red cherries yonder ; and although the old fox is much too cute to suppose the cherries are more come-at-able than the grapes, still, they are tempting, and to the ears of the good simple folk in the Rosebank Convent will do to conjure with for the nonce. -So the cherry coloured idea is broached that when the public . perceives the 'effectual supply of education promised i for their ' children by the papalmi nn - New South ' Wales,' it will > rush to conclusion' that 'every other -sect i must do likewise, and the no- sects, we. presume, the same, and thus the state- shall wash its hands of education; leaving the cost and the responsibility to the 'voluntary principle. He thus hopes; or/jpret'euds toohope, that v a" principle which has only been superseded by the damning: proofs : of its failure over the whole' world, shall again be revived out of a sentimental regard to' the' praiseworthy efforts- '-of- 0Dr. Yaughan : in , forcing up a dozen - cheap : buildings under the high pressure force of excommunication; driv ing, and threatening. But were the pub lic of . New 'South AYales so vory impres sionable as this; would it be desirable that the Cherries" should be -real and not merely painted ones ? .>When theysee the papalini providing for the education of all their 'ownivchildren at their own cost, it will bo time to -consider whether the State may < safely leave' 'the rest'; i.e.; three-fourths of the whole juvenile popu lation to voluntary effort: < Has the Arch bishop -any hope : of accomplishing that ? At. the - .present i- moment there ' are,- of the pope!s subjects -in' New' South 'Wales about) 22,000 pupils attending schools re ceiving aid. from the State. There is a large number .not attending any sch ool at all. .The bishops build a few- chief schools; and put a few very cheap and, in; many cases, am trained!- and' unfit teachers into them, -and forceiby spiritual terrorism the most superstitious and subservient to fill them with their children ; but ;the vast mass they do not; touch, and-'what they do touch . they leave inferior, as a class; to those taught by the. trained public school teachers. - '-And then die talks of " the Catholics providing for their own, at their, own expense." ; They will do no such thing. :; Theyr will 'just leave us now the .bulk of the work to' be done at public ex pense ; or not- at all which will please them nearly: as well. ' The fact of their leaving? two - hundred" teachers of their sect, trained or training; ?in the public schools while they could command their service's < in- 'their own,- if they seriously meant to support the expense of suffi cient schools, sufficiently shews the hollow- ness:of the boast. He milked the State cow as long as he could. He bullied and bounced for the privilege of milking her still .: . and when; she refuses -to> yield' more lie- says,", I'd rather ".'not' drink that bad milk, but if I don't driuk it nobody else shall. -I will get; my own cow' ;and although she cannot give enough for us all — let the- majority of us starve,- pro vided the other sects also starve. ' This is all very fine' for the convent, but it will not do for the State. The State is ruled by, men elected by manhood suffrage, and it has to enforce order under written laws. It is important, therefore, that the elec tors and all citizens should be intelligent, and therefore taught , The State must see to this, not leave it to others, espe cially to those who formerly had the power, and shamefully neglected it; and Dr. Vaughan will ; get nothing of the cherries, 'but their stones. 