LONDON GOSSIP. London, Febrnarv 10. ?? THE JEWISH QUESTION ET EXGLAUD. Since the period of the agitation about the Bulgarian atrocities I have rarely seen poli ticians bo excited, or controversv nn hnt-.Vi sides earned on with so much passionate feeling, A curious discussion has arisen on themain question of fact. The indictment against the Russians is based chiefly upon a series of articles that have appeared in the Jewish World. So long as these articles were confined to the columns of a little known, and still lessjread, Jewish newspaper, they produced no impression upon the public mind. But at the suggestion, it is said, of Mr. Serjeant Simon, or of his son, the Times took np the Imatter, and made the details published in the Jewish World the foundation lor a narrative of its own. The publication in the leading journal of this apparently authoritative account of the outrages stirred np pubic feeling, and called forth, from Liberals as well as Conservatives, those pro testa against the persecution of the Jews which have filled so large^ an amount of space in our newspapers during the last few weeks. The Times' narrativehas been attri buted to a Jewish writer ; it was, I believe, ' really the work of a clergyman of the Church of England, who writes articles as well as preaches sermons. The Russians here admit that cruel attacks upon the Jews have been jnade at Warsaw, Odessa, and many other places: bui they allege that [they were the acts of a lawless moo, whose excesses the authorities were for a time powerless to restrain. Even if this be true, it is an enormous pity that in the closing years of the nineteenth century deeds worthy of the middle ages should be perpetrated in a Christian country. When the reports of the British Consuls in Moscow and Odessa are published we shall have the i testimony of impartial eye-witnesses to f occurrences which all right-thinking men ; must deplore. In the first instance the Jew3 here proposed to send a deputation to the , Czar to implore him to protect their fellow countrymen ; but I believe that Sir Nathaniel de Rothschild opposed the taking of this step, and it was therefore abandoned. The English Jews are not quite united on this subject, as some of them frankly admit that it is very doubtful whether^the worst of the act3of brutality imputed' to' the Russians have ever taken place. On this point it is only fair to suspend one's judgment until the British Consular reports have been published. An attempt has been made to mix up the Greek Church with these scandals, whereas the Greatest offenders have been Roman Catholic roles, in Warsaw the Polish population being in relation to the Russian in the proportion of^eighty to one. A GREEK CEREMONIAL. The reference, just made to the Greek Church reminds me of the imposing ceremony which took place at Bayswater on Sunday last, when the Church of St. Sophia was conse crated by the Archbishop of Corfu, a tall, venerable ecclesiastic, whose countenance was benignity itself. The exterior of the church is plain enough, but inside it is as beautiful as coloured marble, carved oak, sacred pictures, rich colouring, silver lamps, and precious stones can make it. When to these are added the gorgeous vestments of the priests of the Archimandrites and of the Archbishop, together with the exquisite singing of an invisible choir, some idea may be formed of the splendour of the ceremonial which last Sunday drew to the sacred edifice nearly the whole of the Greek community in London. At one time the Greeks all resided in the city, and occu pied houses chiefly in Finsbury- eircus and Finsbury-square. They built and consecrated an exquisite little church in London Wall, which, when they migrated to Bayswater, was closed for want of a congregation. Un fortunately the dogmas of the Greek Church absolutely prohibit the sale or alienation of any edifice which has once been consecrated to the service of the Almighty. It would be impossible to object to a rule which rendered it necessary that they should appropriate to religious purposes the proceeds arising from the sale of a disused site; but it seems absurd to attach sanctity to the mere bricks and mortar of an abandoned church. The Greeks now, for the most part, reside in Bayswater, but it is by no means certain that fifty years hence the capricious currents of fashion or trade may not drive them back to the city, or to some other part of London. They therefore hesitated a long time before they made up their minds to consent to an act of consecration which would render it impossible for them at any future period to alienate the church of St. Sophia. . A FUGITIVE NOBLEMAN. A sad business is the issue of a warrant for the apprehension of the Marquis of Huntly, who is said to be just now in Corfu with the Marchioness. Two years ago few public men in this country appeared to have before them a more bright or more promising career. The premier Marquis of Scotland, in the early prime of life, with good abilities and charm ing manners, and married to the amiable daughter of Mr. Cunliffe Brooks, the wealthy banker, who settled upon the bride a sum of £S,OCO a year, hia position and prospects might well have excited the envy of the great majority even of his own Mends. When the present Government was formed he was appointed to one of the most coveted of the Court sinecures which are at the disposal of the Prime Minister, and_ good fortune seemed to shine radiantly upon him. Suddenly his affairs were found to be in the most hopeless dis order, and in consequence his creditors became so exigeant that he :found it expe dient to retire to Eastern Europe, where at first he amused .himself by criticising the work of the Danubian Commission. Alore recently charges of fraud have been preferred against him, and, as I have already said, a warrant for his arrest has now been issued. Some of bis friends have all along expected that Mb father-in-law would interfere to settle his affairs, but it is said that Mr. Brooks has already done so more than once, and that on the last occasion he put his hands into his pockets to the tune of £80,000. Fathers-in-law, however generous, cannot reasonably be expected to repeat such a disinterested operation. An example of how history constantly repeats itself may be seen in the fact that Lord Huntly's father was also a spendthrift, and that the embarrassed state of his affairs was one of the scandals of the last generation. AN INTEMPERATE PEER. Another somewhat {tragic occurrence is the unexpected death of the Earl of Lonsdale at the early age of twenty-seven from an attack of congestion of the lungs. I say ' tragic,' because the deceased nobleman were unfor tunately a- victim of intemperance. As this is something more even than an open secret I need not scruple to mention it. The faci was known to all the world; and indeed most people expected that his life would be what is called ' a short and merry one.' Yet he had, one would think, everything likely to induce a man to exercise self-control, ana to seek to prolong his existence, if possible, to thrice twenty-seven years. He had, at all events, vast wealth, a high social position, good average abilities (as evidenced by his paper on the Gulf Stream), and a wife of great personal beauty and accomplish ments, let he could not successfully tight against his besetting temptation, but suffered from repeated attacks of delirium t -omens, and ultimately became an easy prey to the change of temperature which has taken place during the last eight days. So little r ^'y ''psdale anticipate a fatal issue that she was in the south of France at the moment of her husband's death, and is now travelling post-haste in order to be present at his funeral. The only offspring of the mar riage is a female child, so that the title and estates revert to a brother of the late noble man, a yonng man of twenty-four. A few days ago he was a younger brother with a younger brother's portion, but now he occu pies a princely position, and enjoys a rent roll which gives nim a place among million aires. As he is a brother-in-law of Lord Huntly, bis sudden access of good fortune may perhaps exercise a favourable influence upon that unfortunate nobleman's affairs. He has, at all events, an opportunity of playing the part of a Good Samaritan to his relative. CETEWAYO. Preparations are now being made for the reception of ex-king Cetewayo, who will be accompanied by three chiefs, two head men, and four personal attendants. Two of the latter will be 'hairdressers,' forhairdressing constitutes a very important part of the per sonal embellishment of a Zulu chief. It is not yet settled where Cetewayo shall take up Jus quarters when he reaches London. One proposal is that he shall be lodged in Albemarle-Etreet, under the same roof with taptain Mills, Assistant Under-Secretary to the Cape Colony. Captain Mills knows him wen, and is very anxious that be Bhould not be made a show of, but should be surrounded by all those marks of respect that are due to a man in his position, and whose misfortunes entitle him to sym pathy. On the other hand, Cetewavo him self has expressed a desire to be placed in the hands of Colonel Hassard, whose acquaint ance he made at the Cape, but who is now an offi,cer of the Royal Artillery at Woolwich. Colonel Hassan! is a man of jocose tempera ment, whose lively talk and abounding good nature helped at times to relieve the tedium of Cetewayo s captivity. The appointment of Hennquez Shepstone to the ex-king's in terpreter has excited some surprise among those who remember that this gentleman's father was Cetewayo's great enemy. Sir iiercnles Robinson, who is new to South Africa, does not appear to have remembered this when he made the appointment All he knew was that Mr. gnepstone, who had been Colonial Secretary in the Transvaal, wanted official employ ment, and that he was a good Zulu scholar. I, however, believe that SirTheophilus Shep stone is no longer to be counted among the enemies of Cetewayo, but that he would infinitely prefer to see him restored than the power of John Dunn perpetuated. CETEWAYO AND JOHN DUNN. There is no love lost between Cetewayo and John Dunn ; and the great difficulty which stands in the way of the resettlement of Zululand lies in the fact that the restoration of the Zulu monarch necessarily involves the deposition of the English adventurer. John Dunn threatens to fight rather than to surrender his district, but, on the other hand his enemies allege that the moment Cetewayo reappearsd in Zulu land, not a Zulu would fight for the interloper, but that the entire nation would rally around their King. Alderman Fowler, one of the Conservative members for theCity of London, lately paid Cetywayo a visit at OudeMolen, near Cape Town. One remark which he made to the worthy Alderman illustrates the great shrewdness of his character. Speaking through the medium of an interpreter, he said: — 'Some English people have blamed me because, in accor dance with the customs of my country, I have several wives. Yet what they regard as an offence in me they do not seem to con sider an offence in John Dunn. I have been oontent with five wives, but he has not been satisfied with less than five-and-twenty.' Alderman Fowler left with the impression that logic was on the side of the Zulu. A WELL-DRESSED REVIVAL, If the theory of the spiritualists be true, that disembodied intelligences are not neces sarily transferred very far from their old haunts, but do indeed hover aboat places where kindred spirits, still cumberea with this ' too solid flesh ' are met, one wonders whether the ghosts of defunct dramatists, from Shakespeare downwards, feel compli mented, or the reverse, by the enormous pains now spent upon the mounting of their pieces, from ' Shy lock's bridge with houses on it, to the flounce of Peg Wofiington's petticoat. There are some dramas touching which it is impossible nowadays not to dis guise somewhat to this effect. But on the other hand there are also some which do seem the gainers by minute attention to costume and upholsterer's details, and among these I take it are Sheridan's witty comedies associated with upper class middle life in the eighteenth century. 'The School for Scandal,' as revived on Saturday night, at the Vaudeville Theatre, is tne last, and a signally perfect instancet of repro ducing on the stage the interior life of that time as it certainly was never exhibited to contemporary playgoers, who were well enough contented with tables and chairs serving for almost any period or place wherein such conveniences were known. So deter mined has the management been to have everything in order that an excellent tenor singer, Mr. Wilford Morgan is retained for the part of Sir Harry Bumper, whose concern in the action is limited to the singing of an after-dinner ditty, 'Here's to the maiden of bashful fifteen. 'r Miss Ada Cavendish has made a decided hit as Lady Teazle, being especially good in the more serious portions of that role, and Mr. Farren is now the Sir Peter par excellence of the boards. I doubt if Mr. Henry Neville be Sheridan's Charles Surface, who must have been a more rollick ing scamp, but there is always a charm about the toned-down performances of this very intelligent and gentlemanly actor. The subordinate part is perhaps the very best seen in our time. MRS. LANGTRY's PROSPECTS. Mrs. Langtry is fairly launched in her pro fessional career. Of course she has had to run the gauntlet of some cynical comment, her more than common personal gifts laying her perculiarly open to a line of remark, the drift of which may be summed up in a time honoured nursery jingle — 'My face is my Fortune, Sir, she said.' But as this banter is not rung literally in the lady's ears she can ifford to let it pass. Now that the tentative performances are over, and the critics having behaved with all due politeness, are at liberty to criticise in earnest, the verdict is that Mrs. Langtry has the making of an actress in ier. Miss Hardcastle continues to be her ?avonrite part, but she ha3 also acquitted herself very promisingly in Robertson's jomedy ' Ours ;' and that piece is alter nating at the Haymarket with ' She Stoops ;o Conquer.' I have always contended that Mrs. Langtry is one of the so-called profe ?? iional beauties who deserves every sympathy md encouragement. THE CYNIC. Good books and grandmothers of the good jld school were wont to pronounce beauty in jvomen, and exceptional talents not necessary [or the gaining of his bread in man, 'a' mare;' and grim as 'the doctrine sounds, there was a measure of truth in it. Mr. Berman Merivale, whose ' Forget-me-not' svas unanimously pronounced one of the most perfect pieces of its particular kind produced for many years, owed his success very largely to the clever conversation carried on between the female villain— an extremely wicked person— and the reformed rake who is, after tier, the most conspicuous character in the play. This power of writing very effective lialogues of an unamiabje sort is Mr. Meri rale's special talent, and it seems too likely io prove what the teaching of Hannan Mfore's school would call hi3 'snare,' :or the new piece which he has brought out it the Globe Theatre, entitled ' The Cynic,' md founded on his own novel, ' Faucit of Ballioll' has but one really interesting and leading personage— a kind of modern and much vulgarized Mephistophiles, who re sides in an apartment furnished in black and red, and issues therefrom to scheme against the peace of innocent people (too colourless to inspire respect), and to flash about him bewildering volleys of verbal fireworks, all of that lund hue which might be expected from a source absolutely and avowedly satanrc. There is moral contagion in the concentration of interest upon cruel and wholly selfish sentiments, however epigram matically they may be expressed. Surely this brilliant writer would not have us believe that his sole strength lies in the dis section of an evil mind. ANOTHER BALFE OPERA. Mr. Carl Rosa's capital company is giving performances of operas in English at Her Majesty's Theatre, and is distributing its favours with judicious partiality between worksof very diverse scope.and pretensions. Votaries of the modern German school who contend for dramatic consistency before everything, have been treated to ' Lohengrin,' &c;, and the old-fashioned singing plays have been given for the benefit of the simpler folks, whose chief demand is to have their ears pleased without searching too nicely after possible incongruities between an agreeable melody and the exact passion or idea to which it is joined. This latter clas? has been con sulted in the production of a hitherto un known opera by Balfe, composed to an Italian libretto called ' Pittore e Duca' about 1854-56 for the lyric stage at Trieste, and now fitted with an excellent English version of the same drama by Mr. W. A. Barrett. The work so modified bears the unsuggestive word 'Moro' as its title, that being the patronymic of its hero, a Flemish painter who, though actually knighted by our Queen Mary of sanguinary reputation as Sir An thony More, was not illustrious enough to make his name a household word in those days. The purely fictitious plot laid in Flanders in 1568 imagines Moro secretly betrothed to Olivia Camnagna, whose love he has won by saving her life, but the lady's father marries her forciblv for selfish reasons to a powerful supporter of the ruthless Duke of Alva. Olivia flies immediately from the detested union to a convent, and schemes successfully to be supposed dead. Her lover believing the sad report, bids farewell to joy in a pathetic song, and chooses art as his sale Future mistress. Pursuing this resolution he wins distinction, and is employed by the dread Duke to paint the portrait of a lovely nun, accused of conspiring with her sisterhood against the Spanish rule, lne said nun refuses to co-operate in the artist s task, but being rudely unveiled, Moro recognizes the face of his lost love. He then implores her pardon and release as the sole terms on which he will work, and the perfidious Duke, vho is enamoured of Olivia pretends to grant the boon, but only to inter Wf % - f M young couple are setting forth for Italy (Olivia s first husband being dead) and press his .dishonourable suit. Moro shows tight, but ineffectually, and seems a lost man when messengers suddenly appear, announc ing that the Duke is recalled, and the painter summoned on a professional visit to the Eng lish Court. A joyous choral Male then pic tures the happy marriage and prosperity of the faithful pair. The music is less ambitious throughout tnan that of Balfe's latest Italian opera '.II Talismano,' and therefore shows the composers genius, such as it was to better advantage. There are plenty of taking songs, which will soon appear in the shop windows. A LADY QUARTETTE LEADER. The St. James's Hall musical enthusiasts have rejeiced ?n a too brief visit from Madame Norman Neruda, the lady violinist who has completely mastered an instru ment long held to possess mechanical difficulties which no woman could sur mount without the sacrifice of all preten sions to feminine grace, and even decorum, so far as a public exhibition was concerned. A lady, it was said, might learn the fiddle as a child may learn the pianoforte, but just as the keyboard of a piano necessitates a power of expansion and strength of wrist which a child s hand does not possess, so the violin requires a fourth finger longer than any woman is likely to have, and even^ supposing her exceptionally endowed in this physical detail she can never progress beyond a certain point without involving herself in gymnastic contortions distressing to behold. But IJauame Norman jJeruda, sitting £* the post of distinction in a Bee thoven string quartette, wields the bow of the first violin with the same quiet and assured precision that the mistress of a more homely instrument stitches a collar, and with the same absence of all fura ; and Madame Neruda, standing up in the performance of a concerto or a solo of stupendous mechanical difficulty, draws out the iong notes of a pathetic adagio, and executes the most bril liant flourishes of a cadenza ad libitum with as easy a grace as a demoiselle thoroughly trained in a school of deportment takes her turn with a bagatelle cue or a croquet mallet. Yet there is no deficiency of 'tone' or lack of vigour. St. James's Hall, packed to the roof by an audience accustomed to follow Joachim with critical appreciation of his last efforts, is a trying ordeal; but this lady has succeeded in making herself accepted as a leader par excellence on precisely the same level as the great Hungarian virtuoso, and her annual coming is looked for with the same eagerness as is. The only solo which she has given us this year is one by Rust, an eighteenth century composer, the difficulties of which are immense, while the music is of that stiff fugal kind which is hard and duil if rot properly rendered. But she held her audience spell-bound from the first 'note to the last. SIR MICHAEL COSTA. Every one is grieved by the serious illness of this ' priace of conductors,' who was a few days ago attacked by a paralytic Btroke —a visitation which at his age necessarily excites grave alarm. To the Sacred Har monic Society the loss of his services would be irreparable, so much is hi3 name bound up with the reputation of that veteran insti tution, and so much does the exceeding respect in which even his crotchets are held do towards reconciling the younger supporters of the Society to a somewhat conservative and exclusive policy. A ' go-ahead' genera tion has grown up, concerts of all kinds have multiplied, and the Albert Hall has raised its colossal bulk, with a special choir of its own, since Exeter Hall used to be mentioned almost with bated breath by the devout metropolitan bourqeo-isie as the one spot where an oratorio could be heard to perfection ; but Sir Michael's power of swaying an orchestra is still univer sally acknowledged to be unique. Although the Bulletins are very hopefult one cannot but receive these with a misgiving that the man who was composing and conducting operas in 1842 can scarcely hope to overcome a stroke of paralysis in 1882 sufficiently to grasp his baton once more with .the old firm ness. Her Majesty, whose own health compels her to migrate to Mentone for a few weeks, has made the kindest enquiries touch ing the suffering musician, whom she created a Enight about thirteen years ago. A DIARY BY CARLYLE. The excitement evoked by the publication of ' Carlyle's Reminiscences ' having cooled down, we are promised another curiosity from the same hand, which it is hoped will prove fully as interesting and as characteristic of its author's mind, without stirring indi vidual feelings to the same painful extent. In 1849 Carlyle went to Ireland for a summer tour, and kept a diary of his travels, which he subsequently gave to a friend, now dead. The very existence of these autographic sheets was long kept a secret, but they are now about to be published in the Century Magazine, and afterwards in a book, with a preface by Mr. Froude, who thinks very highly of their merits. We know what we have to expect from Carlyle with regard to any question of abstract humanity and ius tice, but his very parodoxes are gems in their way, and moreover we are assured that the Irish tour has elicited comments on, and descriptions of, men and things, pouched in the writer's most brilliant and vivid style. It is impossible not to regret that the subscrip tion-fist for the Carlyle testimonial has never recovered the wet blanket thrown upon the public enthusiasm by the appearance of the 'Reminiscences.' The only memorial of him which is likely to be carried out is the proposed, statue on the Chelsea Embankment, where his venerable figure will long be re membered by the riverside population, dean Stanley's handwriting. The Athenaeum has opened its columns lately to an amusing discussion about the handwriting of the late Dean Stanley. It appears that there were compositors and private persons who could read it, but it is generally admitted that this must hive been in consequence of their possessing some abnormal faculty of acuteness. When asked to explain the contents of some illegible let ter, his explanation was often more difficult to understand than even the original letter. Sometimes the good Dean appeared to be conscious of this. I remember that on pne occasion he sent an American friend of his a sermon, which was to be copied with a view to its immediate publication in the United States. Nobody could read it. At last some person, more adventurous than the rest, undertook to transcribe on sheets of letter paper all the words he could make out, leav- ? ing blanks to be filled in. This was done. The empty spaces were as numerous as the written words, but the MS being returned to the Dean, he got a female friend to fill in the blanks in the neatest handwriting imaginable. THE EARLY DUTCH COLONISTS. Except from the occasional publication of a volume of travels in South Africa we here are seldom brought into contact with that part of the world in a purely literary point of view. But the present Cape Government have taken the wise but somewhat unusual course of despatching to Europe a highly accomplished member of the Colonial Civil Service to make researches into the early history of the colony. Mr. Theal, the gentle man in question, has combined with litera ture the active management of large native Locations, and he has been equally successful in both capacities. For four months past he has been enabled by his perfect mastery of the Dutch language to explore the archives of the Hague in quest of information con cerning the doing of the early Dutch ex plorers of South Africa, and he has read their journals, all blotted and blurred, as they ' came from the pens of the sturdy pioneers of civilization. Mr. Theal has paid special attention to the subjects of the native policy of the Dutch, andhehascometothecon clusion that that policyis to-day exactly what it was two hundred years ago, and that during this long interval it has not deviated a hair's breadth from the course it originally took. This is a singular fact and contrasts strangely with the conduct of the English authorities in South Africa, whose administration of oative affairs is as variable as the wind. Mr. Iheal intends to write a complete history of the Dutch Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope. When the work is published it will, I think, not be without interest in other colonies. ALLEGED MURDER OF A SPECIAL CORRE SPONDENT. The report thai; Mr. Stillman, the Times roving correspondent in Eastern Europe, has been murdered in Albania by a band of robber Arnauts, has excited painful anxiety, which I hope will be removed by early news of his safety. Mr. Stillman is the son-in-law of Mr. Spartali, the Greek Consul-General in London. His wife is a young lady of the rarest type of Greek beauty. There seems to be no doubt that the Arnauts have murdered and decapitated an Englishman, but there is reason to hope that Mr. Stillman has not been in Albania at all. 