THE IUKElHtUSSIBLl-: OiNUlDATU. CTo the Editor of the Pastoral Times.) SIR.—The spui ious coin, the fraudulent piece of currency that's been nail'ii to a tcoro of coimtei?, has aeaiu putin an appeaiuncp, und amidst the rattle and genuine ring, of more sterling uietal, wishes, or at leq<t, hopes to run currellt a^ain itl this eleelnrate : but there 8re too'many teeth marks and punch-holes in the loin ; too many have tiied it and discoreied oulv, not what it purports to bp, but what it really in, a political .imposture and a fraud, a " llrunmiagem " of the Hrst water ! YeB, the irrepressible rerlguiu " readv cash" (mit a hook) man has turned up again like the clown in a circus, with his stars and bangles; and, to the utter astonishment of all rutional men in the district, bows again to the crowd with the eveila^iing—"Here we are flRHin bill it won't do, Mr. Uohert harbour, your antecedents — well, are your own. Your manv tvheeliiairrw loads of "bonus" noiions, have by tl-is time •lie-n burnt, doubtless; hut we .<1111.11 force 1 , the " honie" who motion*!] ihem in Lo esi-tence wuh the view of inking ihe down nif his own liitle tun. of ismd sp. c Intlon ami nrlisuc iniitiipuUMon of 1 In- 1 -nvful ruh a Hint ^houhi govern selectordc.m, all'ihe white posing hefore ttie country as ilie ehsnipinn of selectors. there 4 hein^ in this district who c:in furg-t the csti^.nii.n Mr Unrtiour receiveil from iiienihers ol the II se uuriiig liis parli ; mientHry career ? Denounced by his iippos-il C.llieaaues and members 8Jpporlin£ the fieu !"ction inteiests, in most, damnatory terms 011 the II ior of th House HS a ilou><le dyed traitor lo tho cuU-e'iie pretended to advocate; ami held u lo the cnnteiiiut und withering scorn of'every honoiirHole mrtn-in iMs tjistri-t a "dummy monger." Can nil these things he foigotten in sn slioit a period of lime ? I f.incv nol. Who can forget Ihe stalwart figure of poor .Smith ns he narrated Ihe hi*- toi v of his wrong*, Juiing Mr li.ulioui's lust canvass ? The stalwart fi;ure moves atnonirst us no more, but ultlioujh Ihe deep sleep of ue->:h stills the voice for ev. r, (Imt episode in his enreer can like many olheis of a like nature never be so soon forgottou ! What cha'itable 'institution can find the nsmo of Robert Harbour as a givi-r 011 its records ? What industiy in any o( our towns his he fostered „r given an impetus 10 by his nenevolence or time? The 111- siiiutions tiiut beir most reoorns of his pecuniiry disbursriuents and in<j«t zonlous attentions to ilie enlls of dimity and benevolence, .ire the Court-houses in our elecloiate! See the eonlest-d nirdirs locked in the archives ol Deniliquin IH-V offices ! L'b»u seeK for the benevolent man's name ut. ihe Hospital or Ihe .Mei'tifinicrt' tuslilute or Chinch or lixe trea-urv as a donoi ! will you find ii r K:ho ans vers will you." No more humiliating sight can be-witnessed than that of a "111 a11 in the veiy intest autumn of his life ende.-voiinni: to pose HS a patriot to a cominuuity who have ovrr nil 1 over ns-in condemned him. The very people who hive torn every rag of f.tl*e covei ing from Ills carcase, and left the giim deception eiposeil to open caylight; out tho piiUblo exhniou is to be uresellted to llle people of our electorate. Iliving tasted the sweets of membership once in the shape 0! free feeding, or nearly so, and the unlimited use of a free travelling ticket, he is loth 10 forego eVeil Ihe ghost of a chance nt again et.joyiiig such comfortable and cheap luxuries Su-ely sucu hypocritical dutch! ng aud whining can only engender 111 the minds of ihe community, feelings of the most unmitigated disgust; but the political nakedness aud deformity of Mr 13 irbour is, it seems lo be rehabilitated from the wardrobes of Mr StU'irt and members ol the Opp-isition. So says Air Harbour ; but oil the other siile, .Mr Stusrt and his lollowing wili none uf tiiin 1 They repudiate ihe connection, and the bare thought of political fraternization with men iiku Mr Harbour would be sufficient to kill any eause. Nil llr Harbour stands alone, or rather the House slatius aloof from Mr liarbour. Every sane man in Kiverina is lully awareof that fact, and none more so than Hi-hour himself. Abandoned by his fiiends, treated wiih severe indifference, and even contempt, by members of Parliament, and sco*led at and repu.lated by the working man—whom Mr liarbour delighted to designate the " hob nail'd" frateinity. Surely the brazen and shameless attempt of the man to foist himself again upon public attention must go far to prove that his meuUl equilibrium is upset, and that the weight of care is telling on him. The Narandera Hour bags, and Crump's logs alone would bend a taller spirit than even .Mr Harbour is supposed lo possess ; and the little knot of extremists who are in so lugubrious a manner following his "forlorn hope" escapade (surely for the last time) must be sensible of the sorry figure ihey are cultiug iu oll'ering such a damaged articie in opposition io tutli men as Ah xinder Wilson and Mr Ivilien. To speak ot ihcso geuileiiifii in other than honourable and praiseworthy terms is simply impossible, as the one, .Mr Wilson, has tieeit tri-u and fouud worthy — by all classes, and the other, .Mr Killeu, bears a chara ter amongst, his friends and throughout the district generally, that should -entitle liim tolhewaim support and f\mpathy of all classes; aud it must be very manifest lo all intelligent men in the electorate that support, and sympathy must eventually settle down on such men, and that Messrs Wilson and Killen will have shewn on tbe 1C h of this month, by an overwhelming maj.uiiy in tiieir favour, that Mr liarbuur tufi'eis a more crushing defeat with more ignominious surroundings than that intolerably vain and iufatuuted old worthy a£ present appears to dream i f. Anotner name in the list of candidates, and one that is spoken of around the distiict as being worthy of support, and confidence, ie Mr Hanson of Deniliquin, for energy, zeal, and in the main—sound principles ami liberal views of things generally, no person need feel surprised if ibis geiiilrm&n; holds one of the leading positions ill Ihe eusuing contest, for bis name is being men-ioned amongst all S 'ciions of tbe community laLeiy as being that ol a man til lo 0s trusted, and lo warrant the assertion that he will receive a large amount of support and sympathy from all classes. I am, &(;., SOOTHSATEH, 