THE August meeting of the Victoria Amateur Turf Club at Caulfield was one of the most successful, from a racing point of view, held since the inauguration of that body. The Sapling Stakes brought out 25 of the 27 on the card. Duenna, by Lecturer, was the most speedy when the flag fell, and, rushing to the front, led the field home by a clear length ; King of the Forest was second, and Honora third. In the Hurdle Race, Merry Maid ran off the course near the sod wall, and took three others with her. Sanderson, however, kept her going and finished the course, but Rhesus, the favourite, caught her in the straight and won by a length. The stewards disqualified the rider of Merry Maid for 12 months for not stopping, and placed Dhurringile second. In the Australian Amateur Challenge Cup, Edith, who won easily, ran inside a post, and the race was awarded to Glowlight. The Selling Race was won easily by The Ghost. The Caulfield Grand National produced one of the best races ever witnessed. Fourteen horses started, and after the last fence had been cleared it was difficult to say which would win. Corrigan, who had patiently ridden the favourite—Left Bower—brought him to the front in the straight, and he won comfortably ; Chrysalis was second, and Erin third. The meeting was brought to a successful conclusion by Don Quixote, who was backed by the. friends of the stable, beating the firstfavourite, Flambeau, for the Amateur Handicap Flat Race. At the August meeting of the HawkeBbury Racing Club the attendance was the largest ever known on the course, while the fields were moderately large and the racing capital. The committee have made numerous alterations in the course, which was in excellent order. They have provided a new press-room and weighing-yards, and the improvements were much approved of. Hecla won the Guineas very easily at the end, JesBie being second, and VaucluBe third. The Hurdle Race was won by Basilisk, the Auction stakes by Cedric, and the County Purse by Hastings. Hecla started a decided favourite for the Hawkesbury Guineas. The Australian Eleven have succeeded in winning, after a close and exciting contest, the moBt important match played by them during their cricketing tour through England. On the 28th and 29th August they encountered a representative eleven of all England on the Surrey club's ground at Kennington-oval, and although they were 38 runs behind on the first innings, they ultimately pulled off the match by 7 runs. The flower of the amateur and professional cricketing talent of England was included in the English team, the composition of which shows that no effort was spared to bring the strongest possible eleven into the field. 