CONSECRATION OF THE RIGHT : REV. DjyiUNNE. (Abridged from the Courier.) It ib not astonishing that jesterdny (Sun day), when one of the most imposing cere monies of the Catholic Church was to be wit nessed—when the Eight Rev. Dr. Dunuo, the lately appointed 13isho]- of this diocese, was consecrated to high and important office— a Hifrlit, Riwli us* fnw amongst us have behold or arc likely again to behold — the concourse assembled in spite of the unfavourable weather was one of tho largest and most widely represented ever soon within tho walls of St. Stephen's Cathedral. To liis own flock his highest recommendation is tho commission of the Holy See with which ho is charged, but they do nol forget the qualities of mind and heart by which he lias endeared himself to them during his long residence in Southern Queensland, whilo on persons of otlicr denominations liis culture, his Christian courtesy, bis spirit of tolerance and conciliation Iiave given him claims which they readily ac knowledge. Before the ceremony commenced the large assemblage had ample opportunity to examine the preparations which had been made, and all must Iiave been struck with the tasteful deco rations of the high altar, the credit of which is duo to the Sisters of Mercy. The ceremony, which commenced a little after half-past 11, ?was carried out with all the fulness prescribed in the Pontificate Jtomatjvm under tile able direction of the Very Rev. Dean Dwver, most efficiently assisted by the Rev. J. J. Horan, and was one which will not soon pass from the memories of those who witnessed it. As the processions poured out from the two sacristies all eves were Btroined to catch sightof the dignitaries who had come to take purl in the proceedings. From tho Epistle side enuie the ? enfants de eliarnr, in great numbers, the acolytes and prieste in surplice aud soutane, and from the opposite sacristy the deacon (the Rev. J. A. Canali), the sub-deacon (the Eev. J. II. Cum mins), and the assistant priest of the Mass (the Rev. P. J. Connolly), followed by tho Host Rev. Dr. Vaughan, Archbishop of Sydney, the Metropolitan of the province, who -was the con secrating prelate on the occasion. As soon a9 his grace was vested for the solemn function, the assistant Bishops, the Right Rev. Dr. Hur ray, of Maitland, and the Right Rev. Dr. Lani gan, of Goulburn, with the Bishop elect and the Bight Rev. Dr. Cani. all four attended by their chaplains, came forth into the'sanctuary, and tho whole body of tho clergy approached the foot of the high altar together and remained there for a moment in prayer. When his grace, clad in his full pontificals, and bearing the pallium which the Holy Father conferred on him some years ago, was thus surrounded by his assistants in whito copes and mitres, tho Bishop of Eock hampton in his purple garb, the richly vested clergy who were to take part in the mass, the elect in white cope and purple hirelta, and the other ecclesiastics, each in appropriate attire, tho spectacle was one rarely if ever surpassed in an Australian Church. The varied hues, the chaste and graceful decorations of the sanctunrv, the sacred iusignia, that flashed like the Uriin and Thuinmim did of old, the flowers, the lights, the well trained voices of the choir singing the Ecce Sacerdos, the reverend heads bent in prayer, the rapt attention, the 6olemn stillnces of the immense congregation, could not fail to strike oven the most indifforent spectator. Besides those whose names have been already given, there were j)rcsent in tho sanctuary tho Rev. D. J. Byrne, chaplain to the Bishop elect; the Rov'. P. Hand, chaplain to Dr. Murray : tho Her. A. Horau, chaplain to Dr. Lanigan ; the Rev. T. O'Connell, chaplain to Dr. Cani; the Very Rev. Deau Kenny, the Rev. Dr. Capra, the Rev. J. B. llrccn, the Rev. B. Scortechini, the Rev. P. Corrigan, and the Ecv. J. P. Fitzpatrick. The Rev. Dr. Fouhv and tho Eev. J. O'Reilly hod charge of the arrangements in the body of the church, and it is only justico to them to 6ay that they dis charged the trying duties which devolved upon them with admirable tact and courtesy. After a moment spent in prayer, as has been Baid, the consecrating prelate took his seat ou the f aid-stool placed for him in front of the high altar, and the ceremony commenced by tho assistant Bishops presoncrag to him the elect. The usual interrogatories being over, the elect Tcin/Io n iwtfp«mn nf liis belief in the several doctrines of tho Church, anathematising every heresy, and acknowledging the Almighty God as the Author of the the Old and New Testa ments. After these important preliminaries, the Pontifical high mass was commenced, with which, from this point forward, the rite of consecration was interwoven. When tho in troductory psahn was recited, and the Arch '.bishop was ascending the steps of the altar, tho elect was conducted to Mb chapel, and was vested with sandals, pectoral cross, flow ing stole, tunic, dalmatic, chasuble, and maniple, and proceeded to recite the service of the mass, simultaneously with the conse crating prelate, at the high altar. After the Tract he was presented again to the Arch bishop, who instructed him on the duties of his office, saying that the duties of a Bishop are to judge, to interpret the Scriptures, to make obligntion, to baptise nnd to confirm. This pithy but comprehensive summary of his functions being delivered, the consecrator knelt before his stat, the o'her Bishops nnd clergy knelt in their respective places, and the elect prostrated himself while the Litany of tho Saints was being 6ung, with especial suffrages for the oeremony. The Archbishops then took the Book of the Gospels, and, with assistance of the other Bishops, silently phieed it on the neck and shoulders of the elect, nnd in this position it wns held till it was delivered to him at a later stage of the ceremony. And now took place the first solemn imposi tion ot hands, each of the three Bishops touch ing the head of the elect with both hands, say ing Accipc bpiritwn Sanctum, 'Receive Ihe Holy Ghost ;' after which the Consecra tor's raitve being removed, he offered up tho ProjMiare Dominc, and proceeded to intone the I'refaceof the Mass, which is a leading feature in the ,rite. In the middle of the Preface ho commenced the Wii Creator Splritus, which was imme diately taken np by tbe choir, and while this beautiful hymn was Being renierea me neaa or the cl'ct was annointert with chrism, aud tbe grand Preface, so full of sublime prayers and benntifnl thoughts, b:r.nKlit to a close. The next interesting feature in the ceremony wns the annointing of the haeds, after which the crosier was blessed nnd given to the new Bishop, and the ring having been likewise bl-jsed wns placed on his fngcr. The crosier ? and ring having been given with due forms, the Archbishop received the Book of4he Gospels Cirhich had been hitherto held^open oveffho' ? shoulders of the elect), closed H, and presented it (0 the touch of the novU- ieonsecratcd, saying, 'Eeceive tho Gospel anii|ftojorlh,and preach it to the people cpmmittnrt-tbthee,'for God is powerful to argument. His gnice to thee, who liveth «nd rcigneth world without end. Amen .' After (his the newJJishop received. the kiss of peace from the consecrator and his assistant prelates, nnd fe-urn-d to his chapel, where the chrism was wiped from his bead anl hands with ?crumbs «f bread and linen. Mass being con '''tinueirdownto the Ofcratory, when the elect, wilh-tbe prescribed reverence, made offei ing of two wax candles, two loives of .bread, ami two miniature casks of nine to the consccrntor, who received them sitling and mitred. Mass waB ' again' continued AdVthe Communion, when both tlie .conBecrj«jDr'iaiul consucratcd prelate parlalic of ifiSVysaWe host and clialice. At the conclusion of -the mass the nutrc of the new Bishop wai' WoBsod and set upon his head with Bolemn &rm; as ' a helmet of defence and salvation ;'/liio gloves were blessed, and, his ring being removed, are placed upon his hands with appropriate prayer. Then tho ring was put on thc'gloyod finger, and the consocrator, risin1* wilili the assisting prelates, placed tho nowly- couBooratid in his seat, put the crazier in \- his handi andi liowing to the altar, commenced U10 ' T* Deum.' While the groat Ambrosion hSnnn'Was .being magnificently given by tho ?ofe#beBight Rev. Dr. Dunno was led by the A«aBisant33iBhops round the ohurch, giving 'his ''(2£rat4pnisK-pal benediction to tho congregation. WMfcifiiey returned to the sauctuaryian anthem. TOstKng, and the eonBeorator prayed aloud that '? ,'V- God iho Shepherd and tho Bulcr of tho faithful, r .- jnay grant to-the ncwly-oouBocrated prelate, -bj- ? t / ''-\ .''-;??' -???-?. word and example, to bonofit those ovor whom io presides, that with tho flock committed to his caro ho may come to life everlaBting ; and then tho customary reverences and salutations brought tho long but higlily interesting and impressive ceremony to n close. 