LADIES' COLUMN. OUR LONDON LADIES' LETTER. LONDON, Sept. 2. t think an extra three or four shillings is well expends4, on a seat in a Polman s car, when to travel first-class- is determined on and there is no need to be very stingy, for a certain sum is generously provided and has 'to be spent in a, holiday as seems best and most conducive to one's own particular pleasure. Nine hours shut op closely with unknown and perhaps disagreeable fellow- passengers, on a warm day in August is by no means delightful, but to sit in a well- cushioned chair, with a little cable by one's side, with books and work, or writing mate rials, close by a window, and with a very extensive View of -the surrounding and charming country -from all the other windows Of the lofty, airy carriage, is not at all a disagreeable mode of spending a day en route to Scotland. Getting into one of these well- appointed carriages at St. Panares, I read, wrote, walked about, ate my luncheon, and generally amused myself till we got to Carlisle, whore the attentive guard brought me w cup of tea, and we Sped along as I drank it to the smallhtrt undent town of Hawick, where I broke- my journey to Edinburgh to visit friends and to see something of tbe Border country. Last year at this time I was in the land of cotton, and I took jftuoh interest in ite manu facture and development. This year I am in the land, of wool, and as- I see the bonnie fleecy sheep feeding on the hillsides, ! think of the time when the farmers' wives spun the wool into yarn vtod wove the broad tartans for. the wear and comfort : jof their families. At the time when the handloom weavers of Lancashire were busily making -cotton cloth in the villages and oottages on the hillside, this borderland of Bootland had its lambs' wool fieeoy stockings as ite staple com modity to send over the border, and tbe woollen plaifls add tertane at Hawick and its district were Everywhere prized, > With the development Of machinery tins quiet lfttle 'tillage has hecome an tmportant town, with its baillme and provost; nndioh manu facturers; mid1 toPT write 1 1 hear the hum of hundreds of revolving wheels, which are producing the soft strong fabrics we know in the south as 44 Scotch tweeds." The spirit of the age is to accept progress and tPommoroial enterprise as more precious than barren unproductive nature, be she ever so beautiful, so we must not grumble when we see tall chimneypouring forth their volumes of black smoke, and groups of plain slate t: led strong stone buildings known as mills, with their attendant & the mortpioturtueatild oar ooantry. Watered 'bf theffsflfiothoae vary name suggests poetry, withygreen and craggy hills arising all round, one has |o face the hard and practical part of lift in this busy little town, and to follow the windings oi the pretty river a mile or two on into its native hills before we see its limpidwate? entirely free from the taint of oomrperoe,lnto"'whoiw service it is pressed as it pafises through the factory district, and hearitbubbling and rushing over its atopy 'jieff jw'jft did when the stoat yoojniniiolJpSidl lived near its banks, perpetuatedtbey are by the pen of the great drew the character of Dandie Dinmo Aboriginal possessor of the little terrierePcpper and Mustard, the progenitors of the jraoe of dogs which still bear his name. A drive to Jedburgh, the oounty town of this district of Roxburghshire, the " strength of Teviotdale," gave me some idea of the wild beauty of the country. The old castle in which Scotch kings died and prinoes were born is now in ruins, and has given place to the county prison. The abbey is by far the most interesting object in the place, and takes memory back to the time of " Davids" and " Malcolms," Scottish Kings of old, who favoured the French monks who settled themselves there, true to the keen sense of their order for fruitful lands, well-watered and wooded. Through the vicissitudes of fire and war, the once beautiful abbey now only retains a small portion of its glories. The design is almost entirely Norman, or modified Norman, and the cloister doorway has always been considered one of the best of its 4tind. The design is unique, and the work beautifully delicate. The Marquis of Lothian, the proprietor of the place,. has done much to restore and preserve tlie ancient edifice, and so perfect a specimen of architec ture is this doorway thought to have been originally, that he had a fac simile of it constructed and placed not far from the old oae, as it now remains. This new and perfect door suggests very powerfully the beauty of the whole when it was untouched by the hand of time and ruthless destruc tion. One of the transepts of the old abbey has long been used as the burial-place of mighty men, who " Keepet the marches in the days o' auld," ancestors to the Marquis of Lothian. The oldest tombstone bears the date 1521. The last of this noble family here gathered to his fathers was the eighth and late Marquis of Lothian, who died in 1870, and to whose memory is erected a monument by Lis widow, the work of Watts, R.A. It is a very beautiful recumbent figure in marble, said also to be a good likeness. I looked on it with considerable interest, for I recollect that the lady whose loss is thus expressed is the same Dowager Marchioness of Lothian whose good works amongst the poor in London, where she now lives, are well known to me, and that she is herself, or was till ill- health intervened, one of the lady guardians of the poor for the parish of St. Fancras. In the south aisle of this old abbey is buried Lord Campbell, Lord Chancellor of England himself, the author of " Lives of the Chancellors." The gardens of old abbey lands such as these of Jedburgh are. always productive and fine. " The monks of old " knew where to place them, and how to manage orchards and fruit trees which contributed to the luxuries of the table. Jedburgh, "pears have long been celebrated even in London, and, doubtless, the monks who grew them Anew well how to prepare them and to extract perry, from them of delicious quality. Thepresent custodian of the abbey gardepsris a worthy representative of hie ecclesiastic predecessors, for culti vates the finest specimens of an Anrientflora most successfully, and he is generous withal to his visitors of thte produce d! 1 hii garden. He gave me such a bouquet of lovely herba ceous flowers as I never carried before, and, 1 moreover, beBtowed upon me, as a special favour, a head of " true Scotch thistle," fall of Beeds, which I have carefully dried, and mean to sow early next year in my little London garden. The specimen from which it was taken stands at least oft. high, in a bed by itself, nnder the abbey wall. It is carefully tied to a Blake, to prevent the winds damaging it, and is regarded with pride and pleasure by the gardener himself, as by all true Scotchmen, for, as he said, " My bosom just swells wi' pride when I do but look at it, an' I think o' the auld Scottish words, ' Wha dare meddle wi me V " To complete the story of Jedburgh, it was necessary that I should see the Castle of Hermitage, but I did not attempt the journey on horseback, but in a comfortable carriage and along a good mountain road— not over the wild moorland and heathery slopes, or boggy marshes, whioh were traversed by the poor Queen 320 years ago. But the purple heather, find the lovely blue bells, the fragrant thyme, and golden brakes are as luxuriant as ever, Where lines of firs the glowing landscape Screen, And crown the heights with tufts of deeper green;1 - We drove for some dist&nee; by the side of a " tinkling stream " which-aises I know not where, and flows I fcnow not whither, and whether it be " river, burn, or water" I care uot, for its crystal coolness and sweet, rip pling sound absorbed all my faculties in admiration and pleasure, and I could not be geographical or inquisitive as we got sight of the queer old castle on its banka, associated with so many weird histories in Scotch songs and legends. It is a curious square castel lated tower, with outposts solid and strong, such as I had never seen before, set down fiat on the ground, with no approach or elevation to ascend, bat with strange tall Norman gateway arches, and the remains ©f an ancient moat. A fine view of the ear- rounding country on all sides is to be bad from the top of the tower, and I doubt whether it were ever an easy task for. a marauder from the English border to steal in unawares and help himself to cattle within the ken of these outposts. It was here that Lord Soulis, of uncanny memory, consorted and consulted with evil spirits, and is said to bave used all the arts of sorcery against the Ling of Scotland till his necromancy was brought to an end by emissaries of the King, who seized him in his castle unawares, and boiled him alive in a cauldron of lead on the "nine staine rig," whioh "the men of Lid- deedale still do show" — " And on the spot where they boiled the pot, The spre&t; and the deer hair ne'er shall grow." Notwithstanding the more recent occupation ' this old castle by Bothweil and his sue oessors, it is said still to be haunted £y Pouite anil his evil familiars; but we did nbt Waif to see the ghost, for our kettle was boiling on the banks of the pretty burn, and after a cup of tea in gipsy fashion, we drove home by the waters of. the Slitrig, and Stobbs Castle, renowned as the seat of Sir Gilbert Elliot, father of the gallant defender of Gibraltar, the " Wellington of the Border," to dream of Lord Soulis of Lidgesdale and the " Queen's MarieB." But I must not indulge in fanoy, or poetry, or fairy legends, for this land is so full of them that I should write of nothing else, and I must recollect that my readers will like some more substantial results of my country wanderings. I dined yesterday in one of the fine houses of this district, where the garden is but recently made, and being on -the side of a hill the soil is warm and good, but the owner feared that this, his first year, might b9 a barren one for his garden, so he bought large quantities of double white and red poppy seed, and pounds, I should think, of sunflower seeds, and sowed them broadcast, bnt with regard to situation and relative, height. Such a display of colour I never saw, as we looked over the garden from the fine, old- fashioned window seats to the green hills beyond. The poppies filled huge beds .with their beautiful glaucous green foliage and gloriously bright heads, and the sunflowers above them formed quite a plantation. Smaller beds formed fragrant masses of mignonette or velvet cushions of purple pansies. The unbroken masses of special flowers, of one kind and colour, simply grown from seeds planted early in the year, convinced me that this is the right way to produce good effects of colour or appreciable perfume in a garden, and I think the hint may be useful to any who are con templating the difficulties of a new and somewhat sbrubless, bare garden. The very perfectly-arranged house from which I looked at these flowers is furnished quite in the modern style of art, with but little ordinary mahogany or common furniture; side cup boards, wardrobes, and tables, painted to match the doors and fireplaces, and precious bits of old oak or Chippendale picked up cheaply, and placed about the rooms where wanted. We were dismiafiin? with Rome energy the rather threadbare question of artistic furniture, and I was advocating- the right of everyone to impress his own indi viduality upon his surroundings, when a clear-headed and practical Scotchman by my side, weary, as he SAid, of 'a' this nonsense," declared hie intention to re-arrange and fur nish his own substantial diningroom. " I'll do it 8 i. like," said he, " and the walls shallbe Rob Roy tartan, and the curtains o' thistle down coloured satin." This ended the dis cussion. WmWBWIBtt— IJLSIBlHWMOII —J 