Items of Urtog, A Gboss Misstatement. — Our usually correct contemporary, the Hobart I Mercury, in trying to make a little local ' capital out of the reoent discussion concern ing the use of Stawell freestone for the Melbourne Houses of Parliament, contends that the Tasmanian quarries alone can sup ply the requisite article, and goes on to tell ih« Inllnndn re vanr Ysatnalllu fini—' A miMlfl trial als o heW ia the Exhibition-gronndB liad demonstrated the superiority of the Oke- h&mpton; stone over the Mount Abrupt in every respect, the Stawell proprietors de clining to take part ia the contest." Now we would remind our Tasmanian contempo rary that the real result of the trial between the Okehampton stone and that from Mount Abrupt was that the Tasmanian stone was S roved to be by far the softer for dressing, at that a cube of it six inches square was crushed to atoms when a weight of fifty tons was placed upon it, whilst a similar block from the Mount Abrupt quarries carried a weight of sixty tons without the ' slightest sign of cracking, and would prob ably have stood a great deal more had greater pressure been available. Serious Accident. — On Monday morning, an accident that nearly proved | fatal, occurred to a young man named Pigott | whilst workinir in a quarry near Hamilton. I It seems, that in putting in a charge he use an iron tampin? rod, and it is supposed a | spark from this dropped on to the powder. I In any case, the charge exploded, sadly j burnt Pigott about the face, and so affected | his eyes, that Dr. Scott, who is in atten- 1 dance, has Berious apprehensions about the 1 recovery of the man's eyesight, one eye especially, being very much injured. Had | a copper tamping rod been used, no such I spark could possibly have been emitted, and 1 the wilful persistence in the nseof rods of iron j for such a purpose, is a constant source of | terrible accidents- It is, indeed, high time j the Legislature stepped in and rendered the I use of copper tamping rods compulsory. j Fiiir at Warrnahbool. — Curl neighbours at Warraambool are unfortunate j with their local industries. About midnight I on Friday, the Woollen Factory was des- j troyed by fire, whereby abont 40 operatives I were thrown ont of work, and a large | amount of property fell a sacrifice to the flames. The buildings, Sx., are said to be I insured for £13,000 in a dozen different offices, but this will not nearly cover the loss. Abont £1500 worth of goods were j saved. When the Warrnambool Meat Pre- 1 serving Factory was wound np, the Warr nambool Woollen Factory was projected, the latter Company taking over the premises j erected by the former. In its turn the Woollen Factory was found not to be no re munerative under Joint Stock management as its founders had hoped, and the concern was pnrchased by Mr. R. -Hood, of Hex ham, one of the Directors, who has carried it on for the last four or fire years with tolerable success, the proprietor growing and manufacturing his own wool. We hope to see the' Warraambool Factory phcenixed at an early date, and again turning out the woollens for which it has become famous. ' i Casterton Race Meeting. — It would appear we misunderstood the nature of the log jumps erected by the Casterton Racing Club for their Steeplechase. They are not to be either so stiff or high as to pre clude their being negotiated by any but the very best jumpers, but will be such as any horse, with the slightest pretension to being a steeplechaser, can clear. The hour up to which nominations will be received is 6 p.m. to day, and not 4 p.m as previously stated, and there is every reason to believe there will be good fields. \- Bioknsing- MMETRiTES.-— The fol lowing have been .gazetted Magistrates for the districts mentioned, viz.: —Balmoral, Messrs! A Tnmbull andC. J Wood ; Belfast, Messrs. G. Jbydiard and E. i Vanstan Branxholme, Messrs. W. Hogarth i and T. W. Smith 4 Caramut, Messrs. J. 1 Ware and W. Ross; Casterton, Messrs. J. H. Jackson and G. Garmichael ; Cojeraine, j Messrs. A . Tnrnbull and. G. Trangtnar ; - Hamilton, Messrs. C- .Featherstonha.ugh and ' J. Manson ; Heywood, Messrs. W. Lear- 1 month and J. N. Mffjeod; Horsham, Messrs. A Gamerqn and fx B. Bolton ; Macarthur, : Messrs. E. Hurst and W. Melville ; Merino, Messrs. T. W. Silvester and J. Fulton Mortlake, Messrs. T. Dowling and W. Aim- strong; Murtoa, Messrs. J. B. Miller and G. Degephaidt; Penshnrst, Messrs. W. M. Dickinson and J. Ritchie ; Portland, Masts:'' J. Trangmar and T. Must;., Warraambool," Messrs? J". W. Bromfield and A SeIby. Amateur Turf Club. — The race meeting held bv the Victoria Amateur Turf Club on the Catdfield course ion';' Saturday afternoon was not very well attended. The weather was pleasant ; rain fell during the afternoon, but not in sufficient quantity to cause any iuconvieuee. The Selling Race was won by Harp of Erin, Viking tras " second, and: The Ghoet third. The ' winner was bonghtbyMr. J: Wtlsonfor £130. Glenorvan won the Hurdle Race by a head, :efterh.fine finish with Monitor ; Little Dnchess was a moderate third. ' Young Alfred fell during . the ince, and broke bis neek. Syndicate won tim Seiaration Stahes j Sciifio was ln closed aecond, and Boree third: , ' The winner was bought hy' Mr. A; Wilson for £145:, Sir i Joseph mm the SputhYarraHshdicsp Bar j One wee sefepnd, mid Hyacinth third. -: JVrar -j boms started for tire wfdeh1 was in reality a match between Actress mid | Twilight. The former won oomfortauy. 1 Hie meeting concluded with the Bichmond I H&ndicuhror; which eighteen lioiBes started. I John Peel, who was scarcely noticed raShe betting, led from start to fimsh ; The Ghost was second, and Harp of Erin thud. Land Board. — The next local Land Board at Hamilton, is to be held on the 21st AnriL at II a.m. Trustees. — Messrs. John Dwyerahd Patrick M'Carthy bave been appointed trustees of the land set apart for cemetery polioses at Merino. r v Heywood. —Messrs. B. C. Miller, and M. Cameron, have been gazetted as a committee of management for the land temporarily reserved as a site for a_ Mechanics Institute at Heywood. London Wool Sales. — Under date London, 24th March, Helmuth, Schwartz and Co. telegraph to the Australian Mort gage, Land and Finance Company (limited) : — "At the March wool sales prices for all good wools are well maintained, but for inferior and faulty sorts prices are .in favour of buyers. The May series have been fixed to commence on 16th May, the quantity of new I I arrivals to be limited to 350,000 bales." Special Trains. — One cause of the 1 great demand now existing for increased I railway accommodation is the growing 1 scarcity of feed and water, owners pre- 1 ferring to send their sheep to market whilst I they are in good condition, to seeing them j reduced to mere skeletons. So scarce, how- | ever, is the supply of trucks that a ten days' I notice has to be given of a special train 1 being required. Should run fall during the I interval, and an owner prefer to keep bis I sheep at home, he will still have to pay for the "special, although not his fault that the train could not be supplied during the drought. Acting Receiver and Paymaster. — It is notified in the Gcaet'e ' that Mr. W. S. A Ponsford, Clerk of Courts, has been appointed Acting Receiver and Paymaster at Portland during the absence on leave of Mr. R. M. Treacy. We are under tbe im pression that Mr. Treacy has received an appointment at another port, in fact, it was so notified in the Gazette. This being the case a permanent successor will have to be appointed, and the port is surely _ of sufficient importance- to justify the sending there of one of the senior Customs officers. I Mr. Ponsford has his own duties to attend | to, and we do not believe in a multiplicity of I offices being conferred on one person, as, dnring a pressure of business in one or the other of them, some of the duties cannot be i satisfactorily attended to. I Bueh Fires. — As showing howpreva- lent bush fires were in the district on Friday, Mr. John Thomson of Monivae, assisted in the extinction of no fewer than seven, one of . which destroyed a quantity of fencing, and I no small amount of grass on Monivae. It is I also stated, a fire did some damage on Audley I on the day in question, but we have received I no authentic information thereanent. On j Langnlac, a fire broke ont within half a mile of tbe Belfast road, and great difficulty | was experienced in suppressing it. At one I time, bo strong the windand high the flames, I it was thought it would run all over the estate, but as it was, aboat 1000 acres oi grass fell a prey, and a large flock of sheep bad a very narrow escape. We should not I be at all surprised were a number oi actions for damages, initiated against the govern ment as it can, we understand, be clearly proved that several of the fires were caused DJ locomotive spams. »r mw. appeueu hj ub a very large fire was seen bntning last night I in the direction of Murndal, the lurid renec- I tion, in an otherwise dark sky, denoting a 1 large extent of grass end trees in flames. Another Vacancy. — Mr. Charles 1 Kernot, colleagueof thelateMr.R.deB. John- 1 Stone and the Hon. Graham Berry, died at I Geelong, on Sunday, aged 62 years. Tbe I deceased gentleman arrived in this colony in J 1851, settled at Geelong, and there carried I on business as a chemist until 1865, when be I retired on a competence. After having been | Councillor, Alderman, and Mayor of Gee- | long, he was in 1868 elected as one of the re- Eresentatives of Geelong East, he being then a rm supporter of Mr. (now Sir James) | M'Culloch and the Darling grant. In Sep- I tember, 1869, however, he differed with tbe j Government on the appointment of Mr. 1 Bolfe (who was not a member), as Commis- I eionerof Railways. - He also disagreed "with I the Land Act of 1869, ss bring too liberal to I Also aswa Maiw . anil an 1 snnnnefrul fha UUC OUMWtol WilU AAA AVi V BUJIUVUM e»v Macpherson Government. He lost bis seat in 1871, was again defeated in 1874, bnt in 1876 was elected as successor to the late Mr. John Richardson. He wasfirm in his Opposi tion to payment of members, and retained possession of his seat until 1S8'1, when Geelong West and East having been formed into one constituency, he was beaten by Mr. C. Andrews the Constitutional candidate, but subsequently turned the tables on that gentleman, and retained a place in Parlia ment until his death. Like Mr. Richardson and Mr. Johnstone, Mr. Kernot was "a silent member," all the talking in the House, so far as the Geelong representatives were concerned, being done by Mr. Berry, except during the short period Mr. Charles Andrews was a member, and took part in the discus sions. Mr. Kernot was a clever man him self, and left three clever sons to mourn his loss, viz,, Mr. W. C. Kernot who holds an important position on the staff of the Mel bourne University, another who is in the profesrional branch of the railway depart ment, and a third who is a member of the firm of Heath and Kernot, dentists. It is possible Mr. C. Andrews will again be asked to contest the vacancy, and should he magna nimously overlook the slitrlit put upon him, when it was derided not to bring him for ward in opposition to Mr. Cunningham, the probability is that he will be returned, and the Constitutional party thereby greatly strengthened. The LandAc t. — Applications approved : — Leases, sec. 20 — J. G. Alder, sen., Bangerang ; M. S. Wotton, Yectis East ; J. Young, Kout-Narin ; M. Hornibrook, Dimbooia. Incenses, sec. 19 — J. Dyson, jun., St. Helens ; H. Watson, Wernkoo ; M. Scarborough, Mocaiuboro ; E. Murphy, "Baligallah ; J. Banlch, Ardon- achie ; A S. Lane, T. C. Lindsay, J. Gleeson, W. Large, E. A. Largg Bessiebeile; R. J. Harm an, Macarthur ; W. U. Cross, Homerton ; C. W. Pilgrim, J. Anderson, E. Dnxson, T. W. Mooney G. G. Nichslson, Warngar ; M. MTnnes, Joel Joel ; J. and M. Meadows, CaHawadda ; C. Smith, Nurra- biel ; E, Fisher, Dinyarrak ; L. Bauty, Jallakin ; P. IgBt Bnngalally and Vectia East ; AY. Talbot, J, A Parkin, P. Fianna- gan, A Eyres, M. Bateom, A Talbot, Miram Piram ; M. Towk, sen., Wioiam j J. Thompson, Yearinga ; J. Seaby, Yanipy ; W. and G. H. Pascoe, J. J. Mahoney, Tarranginnie ; M. A McBain, Yanipy ; J. MCracken, Lawloit; J. M'Doagall, Leeor ; S. Lawn, Kiata ; C. . F. Lange, Katyil ; P. Kealy jun.,1 Bringalbert ; R. Hicks, jun., In-wloit ; A L. Hew, Kaniva A J. Hawkins, Booroopki ; E. Dongey, Yanipa ; D, Campbell, Yanipy and Lawioit ; M. A' Creenaune, Lawloit ; S. Coombs, Ydlangip ; E. M. Cunningham, Darragan ; G.' L. Buchanan, Dollin ; F. T. Bnnee, Kriialac ; L, Brasser, Dinyarrak ; A Bethune and S. De Bethune, Yanipy ; K- T. Mitchell, Kaniva ; C. IC. Saxon and H. E. Quire, Dinyanak j I R. Pomeroy. Kaniva; J. H. Newton; Yearinga t - E. E. Mott, Dinyanak ; ' T. Jones, Yearinga ; J. R. Jerrerd, Kaniva ; M7 Ann Gamble; Tarandurey ; E. G. Esdin. ton, Kaniva; J. Keating, - Bnngalally and Wdnwondah. Grants, see. 4, Av. O'Brien, PjuiminT. ; and F. Scherger, Ararat. . Ministerial Visit. — Telegraphing I on Saturday the Age reporter says : — Messrs. Graves and Young arrived at Sale last night. I This morning Mr. Graves was interviewed I by a number of persons in favour ofrastrict- ling the netting area in the lakes. " They I asked that Lake Wellington, which is the ' I principal breeding ground -for river perch, I should be . reserved altogether, and that | other proclaimed reserves should be pre- I served intact. It was stated "that the fish j are decreasing in the lakes, and that some I steps are necessary to preserve the supply. I Mr. Graves will receive the opinions of I fishermen at Paynes ville on Monday, and I will then come to a. derision- . , Mr. Yonng I also- received a deputation M reridents of 8ale,«iripromisdfifluthedredge nqw I operating at the mOutii of :ie Tanjbo riwer ' I shonld Ce xsmoved ito ,ie month of the Latrohe, 3for the puroaie of deepening the I bar. He also promieped that the snagging of I the river, Thomson ahonld be prooeeded wilh | as eariy. ss nosriMe, The two Mfoistera, -aooomhaniedhiy Mrasra. MTiEan and MaaiteJ ' bsivjnmtiyirited iam near owing bridge over the Thornton liver, sear l&ae;,twjwww«Bne;efe9MtruBaro( '-Very slow progress is being made with the j irork. The party then went on to the en- , trance, where Mr. Graves will select a focal man to ct as pilot over tie "bar, it being | Considered toat toe appointment is a very ; 32ecesabry one Various other minor matters iwill be conmdered, and the party wiU re- turn on Monday - afternoon, reaching Mel bourne by the last train. Census Statistics. — We have re- caved from toe Government o-wes I showing tbe birto-places and ages of the people of Victoria, as returned at the last Census. DA,TH"bP IfiOirapBLLOW. — The death of the American poet, Heniy Wadaworth j Longfellow, at the age of 75, is announced , by cablegram this morning. His career has ! « brilliant one, and few poets have enjoyed a greater popularity dnring their lifetime. He was born on the 27th Feb ruary, 1807, at Portland, Maine, and entered Bowdoin College at 14, and graduated in 1825\. Subsequently he filled the professor ship of modern languages in Bowdoin Col lege, and in 1835, ne was appointed to the m' in i AHSna in tearvrami Rig HAflh cal works are numerous, and have frequently 1 . reprinted in . Bnglaad, and several of I his best poems have been translated into several languages. Coursing. — We are pleased ! to notice that our local Coursing Club is | likely to again come to the fore, with every prospect of permanent success. A meeting was held at tbe Victoria Hotel on Saturday last, when the following fixtures were made for the coming season. : — 1st meeting. May 5th; 2nd meeting, June 30 ; 3rd meeting, August 9." The official programme will shortly be drawn _ np BUU UUlfllBirou. — OCVGUhjf UUIUUUMVIIB have been taken out for the Victorian | Coursing Club Derby, and no fewer than 1 eighty-five for the Oaks. Last year, fifty- I nine entries were made for the Derby, and 1 seventy-one for the Oaks. None of onr local ! owners of greyhounds hare taken out nomi- 1 nations this year. I Mutual Life Association. — Mr. L. B. Pitt, of the Mntnal Life Association of Australasia, is now in this district canvassing for lives, and at the reqnest of the local agent, Mr. Giles, we insert the following j extract from a circular sent round by the Secretary of the Association : — " Although only right and a half months have elapsed since the 1st July, our new business already almost equals that of the twelfth year, and progress during tbe current quarter has been even at a greater rate than this indicates, j Renewals also have been well maintained, especially in New South Wales, and results wfil undoubtedly prove the superiority of legitimately obtained business over that ' forced' by extravagant expenditure in either cash or promises. I cannot in reason able limits of a circular explain all the points on which our Association surpasses its con-, temporaries, but will mention one instance. There ia now before me the last report of another life office of nearly the same age, having about as much at risk in the shape of policies issued, and having collected f reminms thereon at abont the eame rates, ts invested funds, therefore, ought at all events to make some approach to oars. They are actually £100,000 less ! One such fact as this conveys more meaning man a score of the 'comparative statements' with which intending assnrants are so often mystified." Frozen Meat. — With regard to the lastehipmentof frozen mutton bythe '"Protos," facturily, we Argue) have obtained some in- j formation of an explanatory character from I Mr. John Hoston, secretary of the Aus- I tralian Frozen Meat Export Company. The I shipment consisted of 3,140 carcases of j splendid crossbred wethers, averaging about | 751b. each in weight. The wethers were I slaughtered and frozen in the Company's I works at Maiibyrnong. This was done to- I wards the end of December when we had 1 a temperature of )40deg. .in tbe sun. I The beat of tbe weather rendered it 1 imperative that every precaution should be taken in conveying the carcases to the vesseL The work of loading the lighters was therefore not commenced until half-past 7 in the evening, and it was continued all j night. The lighters were then taken down to the " Protos" in Hobson's Bay, but notwith standing tbe efforts put forth to tranship the carcases before the temperature rose again, it was nearly noon before the lighters had been discharged- Tbe consequence was that the last two or three hundred carcases shipped were slightly soft when transferred to the freezing chamber of the "Protos." All previous shipments of the Company were made in cool weather. For some time back the directors hare been endeavour ing to obtain a rite for their works near the Williainstown breakwater, so that they might be able to run their meat alongside the vessels in tracks during night, and bo do in one hour what at present occupies ten. Tbey have made application to, and had interviews with, the Minister of Lands, but tbe people of Williamstown have stepped in to oppose the proposal on the ground that the slaughtering would be a great nuisance in their midst. The site applied for is at the corner of the old military reserve, and about 300 yards from the breakwater, at which, in the course of a few mouths, the Orieut steamers will be ! be berthed. Mr. Madden has replied that j as Parliament has forbidden an interference with reserves uutil after a discussion ou I the general question as to their disposal, ! he cannot at present alienate any portion j of the Williamstown reserve. Stock and Stations. — Mr. M'Edward has sold to Mr. F. A Grant-, of Adelaide, his Tapalin and Mildura stations, j situate in the Riverine district, containing j 1900 square miles or 1,200,000 acres, with 85,000 sheep, 300 head of cattle, 150 horses, j and purchased land. The price is withheld, j but is reported as satisfactory. Dentistry. — Mr. Thwaites will visit 1 Portland, Mac's Hotel, April 1st, 2nd, 3rd, and 4th ; Hamilton, Commercial Hotel, 5th and 6th ; Balmoral, Beggs' Hotel, 7th ; Har row, Pilven's Hotel 8th and 9th ; Chetwynd, Chard's Hotel, 10th ; . Casterton, Gray's Hotel, 11th ; Merino, Mackwood's Hotel, 12th ; Coleraine, Hafferkorn's, 13th ; Hamil- on (retain) Commercial, 14th - Branxholme, Gough's Hotel, April 15th ; Portland, Mac's ; Hotel (return visit). 17th.— (Advt. Bbistol's Pods purely vegetable, cure stom ach complaints and all affections of the liver and kidneys. Thade Waltkam, But — The AwmanuN Watch Cohpant, of Watthnm, Massachusetts, U.S.A., hereby give notioethat their Trade Mark, " Waltham, Mass," is now registered in the Australian Colonies of Victoria, ' New South Wales, and New Zealand. Proceed- pgs will be taken against any person copying or imitating same, or any vendors selling or offeiing for sale watches bearing colourable imitations or ra any way infringing our rights.— American ! Watch Company, Waltham. H" In the HiSTour of the gbbat wass, we read i of troops falling by the wayside — stout soldiers, ' who drop from the ranks overcome with fatigue. In this instance, the men most be physically ! weak- In the forced marches, when the soldiers give way to over-exertion, it is because the system relates, from the unwanted drain upon ! its resources. . In either alternative, Udolpho ! Wolfe's So hied am Asomatic Schnapps should form a portion of the camp-chest, and a moderate use of this marvellous adjuvant will materially aid and inure the ranks to hardshins 