MONDAY, APRIL 24, 1882. A CONSIDERABLE portion of our space has of late been occupied by what may by a figure of speech be called "religious controversy." At least it has been con- truveraj, and the topics with which it has been dealt have been religious or ecclesiastical. It began with the sub ject of Good Friday. Archdeaoon Dove madean appeal, characteristically earnest, to all good people on tha observance of that day. A a?mM—m* part of his letter was calculated to win sympathy, for he was touching on what Christian people of all sorts agree to regard as at least the most affecting of Christian tnemoriea. But bs unfortunately intro duced a number of side issues which naturally awoke the snaoaptibilities of divines of other churches, audi as the Roman and the Anglican position, the relation of the Greek Church to Rome, the obaervanoe of the Sabbath, and the attitude at Wealeyanism towards the Tfr'giiih Ohnrch. These several challenges were aooepted with an alacrity that was not surprising, for tta peaceful calling of the dergy by no meana extin guishes in them tfae spirit of eombat. The archdeacon found himself assailed on either flank. The Rev. J. B. Stephenson, quick to perceive the points st which his adversary had laid himself open to assault, advanced first to the contest Hardly had his charge been reoeived when from the opposite side of the field the Rev. Father Peters appeared. By this time the con troversy had sufficiently enlarged to give entrance to auch questions aa the supre macy of the Pope, the sacrifice of the Mass, and the articles and rubrics of the Book of Common Player. Here it might have been thought that the controversy had expended itself, as a stream spread ing into numerous channels at laat loses itself in some obscure manner without finding its way intelligibly into the aea. For a time there was a pause, but it was presently broken by a younger Anglican divine, full of "the joy of battle," the Bev. F. T. Whitington, who, assailing the Roman priest in his turn, argued the question of the Papacy over again, and drew a nice distinction between the "two sacraments of the Gospel," and certain other sacramenta,not of the Gospel, but occupying a place in aome de bateable land outside it. A fine open ing waa by this time made for the introduction of a variety of other topics, with citations of a learned kind from any number of Fathers. Tho contro versy now threatened to become general; there came a rejoinder from Archdeacon Dove; another rejoinder from Father Peters, who having aaid all he wanted to say, naively observed that he had not time for any more, but afterwards did say more, and the Rev. W. Bedell Stanford and several combatants wearing the mask of anonymity joined in the fray. On the merit* of this controversy we have nothing to say; but we are led to touch on it inconsequence of Mr. Whit ington'a congratulation to us on "not being bound down by the tradition tha matters ecclesiastical are not fit for ventit lation in the columns of a secular news paper." Considering that every week we circulate many columns of religious matter in the form of news and re ports of sermons, meetings, and the like, to attempt to exclude it merely from our correspondence would be a rather incon sistent proceeding. A newspaper reflects pretty fairiy what people axe talking about, and whether their talk be folly or wisdom, it will get into the papers. The objection to correspondence of this kind, therefore, if objection there be, would not be on account of its subject-matter, but that it tends to be desultory and inconclusive. Men who write articles generally keep to one thing at a time ; but the letter-writer is restrained by no necessity to aim at completeness, or a regard to "the unities." In a subordinate clause of a sentence he casually makes a remark on something quite aside from his main sub ject which, to some one who reads, is like a spark falling on tinder. Another writer retaliates, and in doing so tries to find out the tendereatcorn of his neighbor on which to put his foot. And so the thing'goes on, and there seems no parti cular reason why it should ever atop. It is quite true, as Mr. Whitington says, that " religion occupies too large a share of human thought to be refused a hearing in the vehicles of public opinion.'' And yet it must be acknowledged that there are many professedly religious controversies with wliich religion has properly very little to do. The " odium theologicum" is sufficiently manifest; but there is little that can satisfy any really religious aspiration. We would not exclude such things; but if divines and religious men are, cither in the press or elsewhere, favorably to impress the popular imagination, it must be through the influence of a turn of thought that is higher rather thau lower than their own. The London Spectator sometimes deals with subtle questions of the intellect as they affect religious faith, discusses care fuUy and thoughtfully the relations of faith and science, and raiders a real service to honest minds by its contribu tions to the solution of difficult problems. It has its correspondence bearing on the same topics ; and whether people agree or disagree with the writers there is some thing in such reading that is wholesome and invigorating. What occupies " human thought" ahould undoubtedly have a hearing; but it ia melancholy to observe how little the reiterated reclamations of divines against one another at all connect themselves with what really occupies \- human thought. No discussion exercises, as a matter of necessity, so small a por tion of the thinking faculty, though it may bristle with references to learned books and citations to which there is a conve nient index. The kind of free fight that sometimes goes on in the newspapers be tween religious men on religious subjects does not satisfy any religious or intellec tual want; but all religious controversy is not necessarily of this unsatisfactory character. Mr. Whitington referred us to the prominence given in the English papers to the controversy about the imprison ment of Mr. Green, the ritualist clergy man, and in the Melbourne Argus to the case of the Rev. Charles Strong. It may be worth our while to point out what it was that gave their public interest to both these controversies. Although Mr. Green was imprisoned, not for his religious opinions but on the ground that, contrary to the obedience he owed the State, he persisted in giving utterance and effect to them in a place, and while holding an office, consecrated to a different style of teaching, still the imprisonment of a clergyman for conduct touching religion only was something so unexampled in the later history of England that it caused immense excitement everywhere. Public meetings in all parts of the country tes tified to this, and had the English news papers taken no notice of it, it would have been strange indeed. State church men saw in it a new peril, and anti- State churchmen a new weapon. It was not Mr. Green, but, as one writer said, "be hind Mr. Green lurks disestablishment." In Melbourne, the local controversy ac quired its interest from the relation in which it stands to the present crisis in the history of Calvinism in Scotland. The phenomenon of the violent recoil from rigid standards of doctrine, and the claim to examine de novo the very foundations of religion, is one which no educated mind can regard with indifference. At the Scottish Reformation the stream of en quiry had its channel marked out for it, and precautions ware taken so carefully to embank it within narrow limits that it should not easily break its bounds. But now there are signs of the fact that these precautions have been taken in vain. In Scotland, the philosophy of Hegel is now spreading its influence among the rising young men. In no country is dogma so discredited as where once it was every thing. It was in relation to this perilous crisis in the history of thought that the discussions in the case of Mr. Strong assumed their extraordinary importance. On the one side was a bold thinker, refusing to con sider how far free enquiry might lead him; on the other side there was a zeal for the traditional faith, rendered passionate by its alarm. 1 The information that we published about a fortnight ago tiiat there was a proposal seriously made by aome of tbe Liberals tbat Mr. Forster ahould be superseded aa Chief Secretaiy of Ireland probably took moat of our readers by surprise. The 1 tone of some of the Liberal papers received by the laat mail, how ever, gives some indication of a " weariness of waiting for an improve ment in the atate of a&ira; in Ireland, that would be sure to grow to more im* pattenoe, and be likely enough to welcome 1 any proposal for change of policy asa [ relief and a refuge to be eagerly ac cepted. Mr. Forster, though a man of ability and great force is not a brilliant man. Bis style of administration has been i compared to a "heavy jog trot," and the description, though homely and perhaps a trifle exaggerated, is sufficiently sugges tive of the truth to be striking. His remedies for the evil of Irish discontent have not been at all on the heroic pattern. A matter of fact Land Act—all too prosaic for the taste of landlords and their tra ditionary backers in the Conservative ranks—giving power to value farms and fix a fair rental, and a Coercion Act, ara the principal means adopted by Hr. Forster > for the removal of Ireland's grievances and the suppression of Ireland's conspirators. 1 The former, however prudent and just 1 must in the nature of things take some considerable time to get into effective operation and to produce its intended result; and the latter is admitted to be only a temporary expedient, designed to suppress unprincipled agitation and pre -1 vent outrages, until the pacific influence >of the Land Act shall be felt and quiet and content be once more restored. Mr. Forster only aaked sor the exceptional powers conferred on the Government by the Coercion Act under the plea of public necessity. But having received the ex ceptional powers he has put them into exercise, and they are sure to produce dissatisfaction and call forth opposition from those who have the slightest sym. pathy with the agitation and dis content in Ireland. It is diffi cult to understand also how a demand for Mr. Forster's removal can be fairly made withoat the Ministry as a whole being condemned; for the policy of Air. Forster is at least as much the policy of his chief, Mr. Gladstone, as his own. Thus far, it must be admitted, neither Land Act nor Coercion Act has had the effect of bringing about the pacification of Ireland. Agitation still reigns, though lit is compelled ever and again to shift ita headquarters; and outrages of the most hideous and revolting character continue to be perpetrated. Meanwhile the nation sees aome of ita members of Parlia ment and a host of less con spicuous personages incarcerated as sus pects without any reasonable pro bability of their being brought to i triaL In reply to a question in the Honse of Commons the Irish Attorney- General stated that since the Coercion Act was passed 794 persons had been arrested under its provisions, and 587 of these were in prison at the beginning of last month. A statement of this sort brings people face to face with the most disagreeable facts of the coercion measure. To think of soino six hundred people lying in gaol unconvicted and untried, and with no prospect of trial, produces a mo3t uncomfortable conviction tiiat there is something wrong somewhere. The readiest method of explaining the matter ia to "place the whole responsibility at some body's door, and at whose more conveniently than at Mr. Forster's ? If the Coercion Act and tho Land Act had wrought an immediate and complete cure in Ireland, not even the imprisonment of €00 or 800 suspects would have roused the supporters of the Government to complaint and dissatisfaction. But in stead of effecting a cure they have utterly failed to abate the disease. Who, then, cannot detect the want of skill in the treatment of the patient? Let another doctor be called in. It is in some such way as this that the" Reform Club and the Pall Mall Gazette appear to be reasoning; and the demand is to di"!"" Mr. Forster and call in some one who is equal to the emergency, and can, even yet, restore the patient to life and health. But who is equal to the emergency? There's the rub. To .Kg"""* Mr. Forster may be an easy thing; but to find the man for the emergency is altogether another and a more difficult thing. The Re form Club and the Pall Mall Gazette do not want a Conservative Ministry, nor to contribute to a Conservative victoiy. Yet in their opposition to Mr. Forster they are decidedly playing into the hands ?f their opponents. For the moment attention seems likely to be diverted from the immediate trouble, and to. be directed to one of its coinci dences. Among a certain class of persons in America Irish malcontents have always found the most demonstrative sympathy; snd Fenianism and Lond-Leaguism have been supported and fomented by blustering demagogues who do a gieat business by appealing to Irish susceptibilities and denouncing England As long as this bluster was confined with in the well-defined limitations of mere outside fooling, while it attracted atten tion, it could do no great amount of harm. But at last the Irish-American agitators appear to have secured a lever by which they hope to move the American Govern ment to represent their cause. There are among the suspects some American citizens —or those who claim to be such. The appeal therefore is made in the name of all the sacred and high-sounding rights of American greatness and freedom tiiat the President should demand the release of these suspects. Although the precise interpretation to be put npon the London telegrams on this subject may be .some what uncertain, it would seem that the Minister is charged to make representations about the American suspects, and to urge that they should either be tried or discharged. Inhere is so much of reason in this that it cannot be wondered n*. But at the same time something will depend on the manner in which the demand is made whether or not it can be acceded to. Er?gl?id certainly will not be dictated to by America as to her domestic affairs, even though the liberties of American subjects arte involved. Neither Mr. Gladstone's nor any other Government could stand many days if it tolerated such dictation. But the whole tenor of the relations for some time past between the two nations has been so decidedly friendly, and so little disposition has been shown by the most influential American politicians to encourage or even listen to bluster about what ought to be done to bring England to her sensee, that it is reasonable to believe that any communications that may pass between the two Governments will be of a friendly nature, and Kngland will certainly be disposed to treat with respect any representations as to the fair claims of Americans for trial or release. American interference just now may have tiie effect of strengthening the demand of the Reform Club and its following for Mr. Forster's removal, or it may result in the welding together of not only the liberals, but the Conservatives also, to resent a threat and present a combined front in face of a common danger. Me. Graham Bekby has condescended to take Young Australia under his wing. On his return from his recent political adven ture in New South Wales he spoke soft and encouraging words to tiie young men of Sandhurst who have formed them selves into an association called the Young Australian Liberal Party. The members of this novel party organisation resolved to entertain a local member who has lately taken a degree in law at the Melbourne University, and as the gentleman honored is a native of Victoria this recognition of his academic distinction though somewhat smacking of provincialism v>as not un natural. The generous emotions of youth have ever merited praise, and in this instance they need not go unappreciated. What is, however, less worthy of approval is the obvious in clination of these young Australians to wards views which have heretofore proved detrimental to the best interests of Victoria. They are apparently committed to Benyism and all its works. In singular contrast to this unfortunate bias of theirs it may be recollected that another associa tion of young Australians declined, a year or two ago, to identify itself with Berry men and measures. It fully and fairly recognised the advantages that might accrue from native-born Victorians com bining to promote certain ends, but it wisely resolved to abstain from preferring allegiance to any particular .politician or raising the shibboleth of any faction. The maintenance of Mr. Berry in office was not regarded as the first duty of Victorians, and as this anouncement was made iu rather emphatic terms Mr. Berry took occasion at one of his then numerous meetings to rate the presumption of mere suckling politicians. But in these days he cannot affect to despise the growing force which he formerly slighted and ridiculed. Hie tone of his Sandhurst speech was significant. He exhorted the young Australians to work with a will in furthering the ends of the Liberal party; that is to say, in using their influence to restore Mr. Berry to power. At the same time he counselled unity among the members of the party, and hinted that a trial of strength was not far distant This is not at all unlikely. The O'Loghlen Ministry has certainly lost ground of late, and the Premier may have reason to regret that he unnecessarily hastened the reassembling of Parliament In contradistinction to all this it is, how ever, noteworthy that Mr. Berry's in fluence has decidedly waned in his own stronghold. Bis attempt to impose a creature of his own on the electors of Geelong was confounded. Geelong. h^ indignantly refused to be the pocket borough of Mr. Graham Berry, and it would seem that even his own chance of re-election for that constituency is ?d'£*faw than before. The return of the Constitu tional candidate must be gall and worm- wood to the whilom dictator. It is evi dent, nevertheless, that Mr. Berry meditates a fall with the present Ministry, and considering the confused state of par ties and the conditions on which the O'Loghlen Government continues to re tain office a Ministerial crisis in Victoria may be on the cards. Tile King of Bunnah has just indulged in another outbreak of barbarous mur der. It ia now reported thst in one oi those fits of maniacal tage which have made him notorious all over the world. King Theebaw has caused his Queen-wifo and fifty-two of the notables of his Court to be massacred. The Burmese Court has many a time before been the scene of . similar acts of fiendish atrocity. In furiated monarchs in a moment of ua-' governable passion have caused their Ministers aim. followers to be put to cruel deaths, and have not even spared their own kindred. Nevertheless it must be said tiiat to Theebaw'is due the unenviable distinction of having excelled all his pre- . decessors in cold- blooded acts of cruelty. His reign was inaugurated by-a series o£ brutal murders, which were only checked on the interposition of the India—Govern ment. Twoof the sons of hia predecessor fled, after undergoing the worst forma of hardship at Theebaw's Court, to Rangoon for protection, and thence made their way to Calcutta. The king then delivered - himself over to excesses of all kinds, which, bad as they were at first, speedily became so outrageous and intolerable t*p* the representative of the British Government ' was withdrawn from Upper Buxmah. A. war against Theebaw was at that time re gaided as almost inevitable, and matten' went so far that the frontiers of British Bunnah were placed under the charge of astrong body of troops, for a while it seemed that a conflict was imminent, and on more than one occasion it was re ported, it is believed witii seme troth, that the Burmese ruler had beenfoolhaxdy enough to commence hostile measures by concentrating a large portion of his forces, such as they were, at a point somewhere near ths ita- : waddy. All theaepreparations, however, came to nothing. Kin^Thtrhmr'n miMJnna?) was not wholly without method, andafterjf satisfying his Ministex? by blustering ieijA _ attempting to bully he gave np all hostile intentions, and announced to tiie Tyidim Government his desire to live at peace, accompanied by many professions of hia intentions to lead a newlifo. For n tiuto it seemed as if these promises were -to be* adhered to. The Burmese Bong pot aside his bad habits, and addressed him?Jf tn making improvements in ihe commercial relations of his country with British Burnish and the outside wodd. Only recently he caused all monopolies to be abolished in the country amder _? his rule, and determined to -'said.-' to Calcutta an embassy armed "vritit' plenary powers to treat with the "Viceroy for ths conclusion 'of a new com mercial treaty. Now cornea the intelli gence that the demon haa broken loose once more. What the effect this hor rible massacre will have npon ths relations between India and Bunnah re mains to be seen^but it is high time that the diabolical pranks of this monster were stopped, and tiie merciless wretch given over' by his liberated subjects to the executioner. The long drought fran which the-colony has been suffering seems to have at last broken up. From all parts ef the counter telegrams have been received announcing the welcome downpour, and the Call of rain ap* pears to have been not only general, but com paratively speririiy heavy. The farmers aae'^ m high spirits owing to the change. Farjt long thne the land las been baked ao hard as \ to prevent the banning ot riong&iagopeca; taons except on a limited scale, bot tte agri cnltnrists will now.be able to art to work in good earnest. It is to he regretted that there mi iiiiiiij nriliiifiiiiiii?iiinlfiiiilirtiiiiiiwMluiii dreds who have tootye&seeeivedfbtiraiupliea; of seed wheat, as it will be a great pi^f to lose the preoent opportunity for sowing. The recent dovnpanr, besides giving a special stimulus to agriculture, wiU prove a great boon to the residents of those places whir hnrr Irrrai iiuffi linf frwn ? wati i fnniiwi for a comtidfraMfi period. Tanks and daiaa have been filled in many places, ahdstoofc owners wOl doubtless soon webome the springing np of the modi-needed grass. There is a prospect of still more rain falling during the course of the next two or three days. The Postmaster-General has courteously' bawdpd to na the, frJlngingfaJ^rynJ fygfrpfc ~ from the telegraph stationmaater at Terowie : —" North-eastern mail arrived at LSD p.m. on 22nd. Delayed.through scarcity of water for horses along route. Mc Crews reports rain general as far as Paratoo, bat can give no positive information as to rain beyond that. There waa, however, every indication of it further up country." The total amoant subscribed from aU sources towards tfae distressed fanners seed wheat fond is £2,664 9s. Sixthonsaod bushels ?-' of wheat have been purchased already, and four thousand more are required. Tbe Government in reply to the letts- of the oent^ committee of the Fanners'Association asking for a grant of £2,000, have sent a letter to that body in whidi they state that they cannot depart from their previous decision in tiie matter. The Port Darwin line is interrupted beyond Farina. The Orient steamer Sorata sailed from the Semaphore for London on Saturday after noon. The Yen. Archdeacon Farr and Mr." F. G. Waterhouse, C.M.G.S., are among har passengers. A deputation is to wait on Alderman Madge this morning fortfae parpose of asking him to offer biimiAlf as a ?mHi<~.^,te at tiie forthcoming Legislative Council rfftiML The secretaiy of the Blind and Deaf and Dumb Institution has received from Mr. F. F. Wholohaa the sum of £3 35., being a donation in aid of tiie institution from the St. Patrick's Day demonstration fund. lhe "John Hill & Co." Company has been successfully floated, the whole of the shares having been taken up. A meeting of the shareholders will be held on Wednesday afternoon next, Mr. T. O. Jones, J.P., of Gawler, leaves Adelaide en route for America and Kngland on Thursday next. His numerous friends in tend meeting on Wednesday evening at the Commercial Hotel, Gawler, to bid him farewell. So scarce an article has been water at University Block that Mr. Jones, the land lord of the hotd. there, has been obliged to pay £4 a week for a supply which has to be carted. And yet, says the Tatiara paper of April 21, there are bishops who decline to pray for the descent of liquid 1 Two men, named Charles Best and Edward Jones, were brought np at the Adeiaioa Police Court on Saturday, April 22, on a charge of vagrancy, and were sentenced to two months' imprisonment each with hard labor. In their room at the Commercial Hotel a number of articles uaed by sharpers were discovered, whidi the defendants owned as their property. A fund has been started in aid of the widow and five children of the late Mr. William Bamsay, who died suddenly a few days ago, leaving his wife and family in destitute circumstances, lhe case is a de serving one, and at the request of theory coroner we shall have pleasure in receiving donations at this office in aid of Mia. Bamaay. We are informed that Messrs. Goodsonand Cbanders, who have been prospecting in the Echunga district for some time past, have made a moat valuable discovery. It is stated that they have, at the depth of SO feet, struck a reef 4 feet thick, and very rich, it being estimated that the stone bears 30 oss. of gold to the ton. Thisreefisaboutamileandahalf from the present Echunga mine, and ia pro. nounoedhyexMttato be aboat the be** ever found in lhe comhy. Saturday, April 22; being the last day of term their Honors Mr. Justioe Boucaut and Mr. Justice Andrews sat in Banco. Mr. Edwin _ Bladder Cotton, who had passed the ordinary examination, was admitted aa a practitioner of the Supreme Court. - On tha motion of Mr. J. H. Symon, Q.C., the con ditional rule for the admission of Mr. W. Symon was made absolute. In the matter of the application of Archibald McDiarmid to be admitted aa a practitioner of the courts leave was given on the ground of exceptional circumstances to apply at next term as if notice had been given. ? -- - * From the Northern Territory Times of March 25 we extract tbe following .—*? We understand that Measia. Tennant, Quirk, utd Solomon hare made airangements.tolatart work ffln^lir ???**—**—'* nun_k and Mount . ? Wdla claims immedietdy. A contract has * tfcenentered _to" MPtSty Chinese to start foe the Snadden's Creek claims this week, and * another is in' course of negotiation for a _.i__nii_n.namKnr of men to start at Mount ? Weils eariy in the enacting month. Theae claims are the joint property of Messrs. Tfennant, Qui*,. Solomon, Miller, and Samper. We heartily wiah these gentlemen every luck in their enterprise, and trust dining the next few months to see large jMTcefik ot tin ore shipped fpom Port . Darwin." Tb give an idea of the drain Jfaere is at pre .' *cat on the Wallaroo wells, the local paper ' mentions:—"The quantity taken away ba Tuesday last—a day that was moderately cool —was 23 200-gallon tanks, 2 40C^gaHon do. and SO casks, and 170 head of cattle, 82 horses, \- and 150 sheep watered. This was between the hours of 7 a>m. and 5 pm. Of course there was'a good deal of water used both Itcfore and after those hours, but the total ijtiaiitity fcApn dnrinjj the time* mentioned ?xsild not have been much under 7,000 gals. A large quantity of this was taken from the large excavation recently completed, which n ca&ures; £0 feet by-8 feet, aad has four open ings. The only drawback in connection with the. water ia. that stock that ia kept-on it requires veiy much more than they would of |* " ordinary tank water. Bdt notwithstanding litis the wells'have proved an incalculable lienefit to hundreds rf people this year." Speaking ef the water anppty far Port , Germein, the Areas Starrest remarks:— ** We understand tiiat all tiie necessary require ments rf lhe Government; as to securities for the sum to be advanced fbrprocarmga water supply for Pert Germein -from Bade Greek have been complied with. It now rests with ?-' -practical isamii. -we are 'ununited* by a eratieman who recentiy visited the springs at - . end softness of excellent quality, but also tim -penasnencearf tiie simply,-a most important matter, cawalfrobe re?ea aa. fTfaese springs are situated in -Mr. W. Ghrisfousea's garden about nine miles from Port Germain. That \- -gentleman haa made a liberal offer -to the ' Government to facilitate the object of secur ing fer the residents of fort Gexmmn a boon wnmnnwAi ?nma^joat by tiwirfy *wjw?y foMi|^lilp |q the Kortb—pure water." ' The second general meeting of the Col legiate Msaim* Association took nbne on Saturday evening, April 22, at the Gate .Parisian, Bundleetreet. There was a flair attendance, .and Mr. F, Chaamln, 8.A., B.S&, presided. Mr. X. A. Caterer was elected secretary to the association, and Mr. 3\. B. Tait was elected a member of the com mittee, vies Mr. J. Thomas, A.A., resigned. Several suggestions were made in favor of uniformity maegard to vacations, and it was resolved to submit them for the approval of the collegiate echoola. An interesting paper on "Education" was read by Mr. TL Caterer, J.P., wfakh was followed by a abort discus sion. Several headmasters in the other _ - coJomPH were eleoted hon. members ef the association, and two new members .were elected. A letter was read from Father o"Brien, of the Christian Brothers Sohool in WafcefaM-atreet, in which the writer ex ?~ pleased hia sympathy with tfae association, and informed them tiiat tiie. rides of the es tahliHhiwnt-OTOr whidi he presided predoded it from becoming associated with thdr body. Votes of thanks were passed to Mr. Caterer and other gentlemen. The little boy Grimes who has been missing from Kew, near the Semaphore, since the afternoon of Sunday, the 16th instant has not yet been heard of, although the local police, assisted by several residents, have -been working with great assiduity both early and late to uid his whereabouts or to discover some trace of him. The whole cf lasfevre's Peninsola has been searched hy men on horseback, and the local creeks have beea dragged. He police boat, Patroller, re turned to the Put on Satnrday afternoon, after scouring the coast line Mid the small harbors in the neighborhood of Port Gawler, to ascertain whether anything could be heard of him from the owners of wood boats. Printed noticeafaeve now been issued, to some of whidi ia attached' a photograph of the minaing boy. He ia described aa:—"Aged eight years, fair hah-, dressed in ftey tweed sort (tunic cut coat and kmckerbocker tnm&ers;), grey esp, witii -*Baccfaante"ingt>ld letters on band, black stockings, and laoe*up hoots. 9 The whole thing seems veiled in mystery, and modi sympathy ia felt for the little fellow's parents, who cannot account in any way for hia mysterious disappearance. Onr Gawler correspondent write*:—The weather whidi haa been for many months past so dry at Gawler, with the exception of one or two ehowera, has thoroughly broken up at laat. On Friday heavy clouds covered the sky daring the greater part of the day, andateardigbt?pritijdeafelL About 8 p.m. the rsin commenced to fall heavily and con tinned at intervals throughout the night, daring whidi time o*so in. felL On Saturday morning the weather deered ap a little, but towards noon tiie sky again became overcast, tiie rain began to descend, and towards the rvr- ning there were evidences tfaat another wet mght was aboot to set in. So far about 1*290 in. - mnat have fallen. Though the reticulation of Gawler haa com menced, and water can be obtained from the Government well, the largest portion rf tfae town has to depend upon tanks, and in moat instances these had given out. How, how ever, there is a good present supply of rain water and a prospect of more. Sufficient rain baa also fallen, to enable the fanner* in most plaoea inthe district to commenoeploughing, and doubtless enough water haa been saved to enable them to do without such frequent tripa aa ther have had to make for months past to tiie Gawler waterworks for water for their cattle and for domestic purposes. Section 228, Hundred of Tnni*.mar?Ti t which is among those to be open for selection on the '-: 25th instant, is thus referred to by the Border Wtdeli: —"This section was taken up and held fca- some years by Mr. Peter Hay, but abandoned fay turn. It is now re-offered with an addition rf £140 to ita value for the 'im> movements' left by its former holder. ' We do not know whether the block was inspected and the improvements valued " before it waa advertiaed. ff not it show* the folly of taking things for granted? If it was inspected the Commissioner ahould call to acoonnt the person to whom this dnty was entrusted. We are assured no improvements now exist on the section. The dwelling-hope has en tirely disappeared, and ita site Is simply marked by a mound of rubbish ; the fencing has also been taken away. Nothing has been left to make up in any way the £140 set down to be paid tor improvements ; therefore any one taking it np on the expectation of finding value for thdr money will be utterly deceived. It is urged that this section should be with drawn, and re-offered without the improve ment handicap. We hope the Commissioner will aee to thia, and not lend currency to the idea that.the Government is willing to lend itself to a fraud." Last week two dastardly attempts were made to throw the engine on the line near the goedsahed in Port Augusta. The local paper says:—" On Wednesday night a dog spike was placed on the rails, but fortunately did not succeed in ?m?mg any damage. The employes took no notice of thia, ttlninng it quite probable that it bad been kicked there accidentally by aome pedestrian. Last night the engine, after arriving from Quorn, was engaged shunting trucks, and passed the spot i-mKeifaA without mishap. On returning, however, an obstruc tion in the shape ot a large iron pipe and a tamp of iron waa metiwith, and ?^? concussion had the effect of throwing two porters off the train, who, however, escaped withoat serious injury. The perpetrators of the heartless and dastardly act could not be too severely punished, and if discovered will doubtless receive the reward they justly merit. If intended as a practical joke it is senseless and crnelj and if planned with more mwlfri""" Aaaangnn is hginona in the extreme, and the parties implicated would have been as morally culpable had human life been sacrificed aa if they bed deliberately plotted murder. We hope the miscreant or mis creants may he detected." The following items of Anglican Church news will be read with interest:—The Bev. Henry Howitt, who returned from Bngland by way of Melbourne, having re-entered on his duties at the Burra, the Bev. W. F. Marshall has removed to.Orrorooto act as mission curate under the direction of the Bev. H. E. Copinger. The Bev, M. M. Whitton haa been licensed to the mission cure rf South Torke's Peninsula, and has enteredon his duties at Edithbunrh, Diamond Lake, Yorketown, and Stenabuly. Two clergymen are expected to arrive from England ahortly-the Bev. P. Smith, a Cambridge graduate, and the BevC H. Young, late curate rf Elstree, Herta/' Al though tiie mission districts are bem* filled up su; quickly aa possible, more dergymen *"*?* bU B^ea, Semaphore, ia to be filled fw two montta by the Be^ CC. Collina, and afterwarda by the Bev, T. Abrahan_T both lately of tiie diocese of Ballarat On Mr Abraham's arrival Mr. Collins will enter on 1 the duties of supply chaplain. The Ber VT i Bedell Stanford, M. A., having been'anl pointed to the principalehip rf a college m ' Christ-church, Sew Zealand, wilt leave the I diocese towards the end of May. Bome delay haa arisen in forwardingthe manorial to Se Archbishop of Canterbury through the neretmW of having the delegation con firmed by the Australian bishops. Oa this subject the Acting-Primate has addressed the Administrator in a letter which will be faund ekewbere. ; The progress of the workswn connection with the Larga Bay Pier is extremely rapid. He sandhills in the vicinity have been com- Jpletely metamorphosed, and roads and embankments made in all directions.. There : are 37 chains of esplanade along the coast 'line approaching completion and 31 chains i Of streets are in a forward state; the whole i work bdng calculated to show most strik ingly the value of the silt raised by the dredgers in the inner harbor. The Pier Hotel, a large building of forte-rooms, is in course of erection by Messrs. Bobin & Hack, the foundations having been already com menced and the extensive area to be occupied by the edifice laid out. Thc pier itself is a fine piece of work, being 24 feet broad, and of sufficient strength to cany two lines of rails. ? "Here are already 930 feet of the shore end piled ahd partially decked, besides which sto feet of tiie outer end rf the structure have been almost completed, so that a couple of ships" cargoes have been already landed there. The gap between the two parts is only "285 feet broad, and as steam pile-drivers are at work on each side this will soon be filled in- About 350 feet from the edge rf tfae bank, in 13 to 14 feet rf water, a departure has been made from the original plans by tiie erection rf a landing stage of a substantial character. The stage will project from the main line of pier ISO feet, and besides being piled in will have close band timbers to form a perfect breakwater. In addition to the of the company plans and designs for several houses in the vicinity have been prepared, and at the south end of the, embankment there haa just been completed A handsome seaside villa built for Mr. J. T. TumbulL Several other improve ments have beat made inthe same locality. "The large number rf letters whieh have appeared during the laat week or two signed 'J. Melbourne* may have suggested," says the Jtesfrafcufcm rf April 22, question to speculative readers how, or by what right, ???nnM bishops admit that form rf signa ture. The whole subject of tfae style and correct tona rf address rf colonial bishops is one that involves many doubtful issues. One rf these became, in a curious way, matter of legal determination the other day at Auckland, where the Bight Bev. Dc Oowia, Bishop rf Anrirtanfl, was called upon as 4Hl?agee rf certain property to execute a conveyance on payment of the money secured. The Mahop, as we aretold byaktcalnaper, signed de deed *W. Q. Anddaud^Tfae deed was returned to him with tite intima tion that it must be signed with his name, ttat tida was not his name, and that tite Supreme Court would not aooept tbe deed so signed as a conveyance. The bishop took advice, and tfae advice given him, as ao often happens in legal matters, exactly coincided wiu hia own opinion. It was to this effect: 'That tim signature was good; that usage and courtesy justified it; that it could not be confounded with the signaturerfanyother pereon whatever; that it was sufficient for identification, and therefore sufficient for tfae purposes of the deed." The sohcztoron tbe other side perajsted in refusing to aooept the signature, and insisted on having the convey ance signed 'William Garden Gowie.' The matter went through many more atagea rf assertion, reply, rejoinder, till, at last, ft waa intimated timt a writ would be issued to com pd the signature rf tim release in the form and manner rf the original mortgage. At this point, whether beeaaae the haahop was unwilling to prolong the dispute er tint he was brought to see that the ground betook was not taxable, hegave the signature in tfae fbaa demanded. The fact would seem to be that the style rf cpiacopal signature adopted, and the forms of addicaa tendered, are merely ecdenaatical conventionalities, but that they have no legal warranter authority outside the bounds of the churches." Bfr. Allendale Grainger, a candidate for election to tfae lifgialative Council, is to address the electors in the Town Hall Ex* change-room thia evening. A special meeting of the Hamley M*"'"g Company, to appoint directors and make rulea for the management of the company, is to be held in the Exchange Arbiteation-room, Pixie-street, this moaning. i The animal meeting rf tfae Port Adelaide Benevolent and Strangers' Friend Society is to be fadd in tfae ooundl chamber. Town Hall. Port Adelaide, this afternoon. Mr. D. Bower, Kf ~ sriU preside. Inconsequence rf tfae inclemency rf *h a weather the cricket match between the Hlnd manh and Kenamgton duba, which waa to have baen commenced on the Oval on Satur day, waa not proceeded with. I Boxea have been engaged at tfae Britannia Hotd by Mr. S. Isaacs for the *<Mrftff Cup favorite Bainbow and a stable companion ; also for Cremorne, but not for The Ghost who will not be over on thia oocasion. An adjourned meeting rf hodden aad con -1 tractors, to appoint a deputation to wait on tfae City Council with reference to the lime question to-morrow, is to be hdd at the White Hart Hotd, Hindley-street, thia evening. The membere of the South Australian Yacht Club are to assemble on the Glenelg jetty on Thursday, April 27, to receive the Commodore, Mr. W. H. Bundey, on hia re turn from Europe. An addreaa wOl be pre aented to Mr. Bundey on hia tnstAtng, The first meeting rf tiie Waukaringa Con. adidated Gold Mining Oompany ia tobe hdd at Mr. W. L. Ware's offioe, King WUliam afreet,thia morning. The firat iimkilliim rf the Wert Waukaringa Gold Mining Com pany will take place at tfae aame offieein the aflw noon. Hie first rf a aeries rf lectures entitled "Chatson Physiology, with hinta for every day life," is tobe given in connection with the South Australian Sunday-school Union by tfae president rf that body, Dr. Campbell, M.L.C., in tfae Flindera-street Praebyteriaa Church this evening. There was a large attendance at the Theatre Boyal on Saturday evening, when the popular Barter jiantomime waa repeated with ancceaa. The principal songs and dances were encored, and the transformation scene was generally admired. The same piece will be repeated to-night. Considering the stormy weather there waa a very fair attendance at the A.B.C. Park Meeting on Saturday, and the racing waa rf an interesting character. The Hurdles was won by Bound-to, the Easter Handicap by I?dy Melisaa, the Selling Baee by All Smoke, tfae Trial Stakes by Footstep, the Steeplechase by Erin, and the Old Coorte Handicap by Storm Queen. There waa but a moderate attendance at the Academy rf Music on Saturday evening, April 22, to witneaa the entertainment of the Australian Minstrels. The performance was tendered as a complimentary benefit to Mr. Geoige Atkins, who is well known by theatre goers ns a comedian of more than average ability. The programme, which consisted of vocal and instrumental selections, jokes, and a force, was well carried out. and several of the items were loudly applauded. The members rf the A.Y.M.S. Cricket Club met on Thursday evening, April 20, to bid farewell to Mr. A. Sladden, one of the vice-presidents, who is about leaving Ade laide for the North, and at the aame time to present him with an addreaa and diamond locket aa a mark rf thdr respect and esteem. Mr. W. B. Skinner occupied the chair, and Mr. J. Dew made the presentation. The guest's health having been proposed and responded to, other toasts followed, aad the evening's proceedings were enlivened with songs and recitations by members of tfae dub. Tfae opening performance rf Wilson's Circus is advertiaed to take place at Port Adelaide on April 29, the date on which the troupe ia expected to arrive from Mel bourne by tne ateamer Claud Hamilton. After performing at the Port they intend to proceed to Addaide, where they will open on tfae following Monday. The circus haa lately had a very successful run in Melbourne, large numbers visiting the tent daily, and no doubt the public of Adelaide will extend a similarly liberal patronage. The circus, which comprises a large number of highly trained hones, with numerous equestrians, acrobats, and downs, has also a cage of fire performing lions attached to it The circus only opens for a short season here. Tbe Hyperion Surprise Party appeared again in a farewell entertainment at the Port Town Hall on Saturday evening. Professor Bice's wonderful exhibitions of mind-reading were as successful ss ever, and many who came tn tim hall sceptical went Bway con vinced rf the genuineness of the perform ance. One gentleman well known in the Port, whose inclination when he entered the ball was to regard the business aa some piece rf trickery, thought of a tram ticket in a little postage-stamp case lying with a number of other things in a friend's pocket. The pro fessor with very little hesitation extracted the ticket from the case and declared it to be the object chosen, securing an ovation rf applause from tite audience. Miss IJewis maintained undiminished the popularity which her first appearance on tim boards secured for her, her rendering rf several songs and ballads being much enjoyed. Miss Lewis's voice is of considerable compass, and although ahe sings without the slightest appa rent effort or exertion it completely fills the halL Mrs. Bice has a very charming con tralto voice, which was heard to much advan tage in a duet which she sang with Bliss Lewis. The next appearance of the company will be at Garner's Theatre on Wednesday evening. 