A favoumte mode of defence ntnong squatters and their supporters ia to re present the general public, and especi ally the lowest section of the public resident in towns and the more thickly eettled agricultural districts of the 'i*n)nrtv na rnhiil)v nnnni*e-pl t.n Mifim jinri their interests, and sternly determined to compass their destruction by any available means which may offer, if the thing be at all possible. .It is scarcely necessary to say that this is not a true representation of the popu lar feeling towards squatters either as a class or as a political party. Every colonist who is intelligent enough to read his newspaper and understand what he reads, and who possesses any practical knowledge of the country in tho interior, knows full well that so long as large areas of land suitablo for grazing purposes remain unalienated, the verybesttemporary usethey can be putto is to la .we the grazing rights over these areas to persons ready and willing to stock them with sheep or cattle ; that iu nil human probability a considerable pro portion of the lands in the interior must remain unalienated for many years to come ; therefore, that the occupation /\f fl»o C*.pr\\*xrn TianAa \w r\\-iatrtv[\\\ lessees, which is only another term for ' squatters,' is an absolute necessity. Or, to put it in another way, every colo nist competent to form an intelligent opinion on the subject knows very well that a large : portion of the land in the interior, and in many of the coast dis tricts as well, must for many years to come' be leased for grazing purposes merely, and he has no sort of objection to the land being utilised in this way until it is required for permanent set tlement by men who will live upon it, and put it to some better use than simply grazing off the natural herbage which springs up spontaneously. Pro vided always that a fair and reasonable rent be paid for the use of the land While it is held under grazing.leas'e, and' that it can be resumed for close settle ment when so required. ; . The very stroug feeling among the non-pastoral portion of the public against the squatters is to be accounted for easily enough, and arises from their action as a large and influential politi cal party closely bound together by plass feeling and identity of personal interest. It ia natural enough that men so circumstanced should, almost unconsciously at times, consider the promotion^ of their personal and class interests as synonymous with the pro motion of the public interests, and that, having the power, they should take every favourable opportunity of more firmly securing their position, terri torially and politically, by mak ing laws for the purpose, or getting the law so administered as to accomplish that object. Crown lessees are neither better nor worse men than any other section of the community. But, then, it is also natural enough that those sections of the community who are not Crown lessees, and whose per sonal interests or feelings aro not in sympathy with Crown lessees— should watch the public conduct of the latter class with considerable jealousy and suspicion in all matters pertaining to their leasing or alienation of Crownlanda and be ready to very heartily denounce anything which bears the semblance of class legislation or partial administration in their favour. It is even very na tural and quite justifiable, as we contend, for the general public to keep a very close watch upon this very influ ential plass acting as apolitical party, otherwise thej would very Boon become an oligarchy, owning or holding the land against all other claimants to any por tion of it, and so all-powerful, politically and socially, as to defy public opinion outside their own circle, and treat all adverse criticism with supreme con tempt. Indeed, aided by the large sugar planters on the coast lands, and by a liberal and effective use of the enormous wealth they can command in buying off opposition in the meantime, it is by no means certain that they will not accom plish this object, in spite of all the. vigilance of .the outside public, and the efforts they can put forth to prevent it. : , There are significant indications in all directions of Bueh a result being not only possible but contemplated in Queensland. It is notorious that every at tempt which haB been made up to date to promote settlement on the Crownlands most suitable for cultivation by a class of . email owners, has been seriously hampered, if not rendered absolutely abortive, by the paBtoral lessees, ac quiring possession by hook or by crook, in fee-simple of all the choice»t portions of the lands resumed from their runs for the purpose of .settlement! The railways from Toowoomba to Warwick in one direction, and from Toowoom ba to Dalby in another direction were undertaken, for the ostensible purpose of promoting close set tlement in the vicinity of these lines, and in order more effectually to Becure this object .the land on each Bide of theBe lines to a depth of three miles was resumed from the runs of which it formed a part and reserved for selection and settlement. This was fourteen or fifteen, years ago. ' Tbe line, from Toowoomba to 'Warwick is about1 79 miles in length, and that from Too woomba to Dalby 'about 52 miles in length, and to-day there is not an acre ,of all these railway reserves on each side of the two railways that has not passed into the possession of the pas toral lessee to whoBe run it originally belonged, and the whole has been so secured for the express purpose of preventing it being settled upon. The whole of that land is in precisely tbe same condition as it was when Amatt Ctoningham first, discovered the Darling Powns nearly fifty years ago, except for the ' railways and some wire fences, and in, all . probability it will I .aKAtll'Uitt remain the same fifty or a hundred years hence if the owners continue to be ns satisfied with the return they obtain from the laud aa they have been up to the present time. Now and again an eBtate here and there may come into the market and bo subdivided into small holdings ; at AUora, on tho Warwick line, the Government have bought back, at four or eight timeB the price paid for in the first instance, a large piece of land said to be eminently suitable for agricultural settlement..; Some of this land has been taken up by I small selectors for the purpose of cultiva ing it — but such exceptional cases only jprore the rule. The course pursued by 'the pastoral lessees on the Darling Downs fourteen or fifteen years ago — of 'securing in fee simple all the railway reserves, all the frontages to permanent water and all tho land most suitable for cultivation in order to prevent it being settled upon by a class of small freeholders — is the very same course that has been persistently followed in every part of the colony through which railways have been made, or land suitable for permanent settlement and cultivation, or cultivation and grazing combined, has been thrown open to selection. The pastoral lessees from whose runs such lands have been resumed have been allowed in the first instance to exercise their pre-emptive rights in the most liberal manner. After that they have selected to the maximum amount in the names of themselves, their children, relatives, personal friends, and such employes as they could trust. If all this did not secure their runs intact against tao selectors by absorbing all the land open to selection, which offered a reasonable prospect of success to the small selector — the pastoral lessees, on whose: runs such a balance of good land remained/ contrived to get the Minister for Lands to put it .up for sale by' auction in enormous blocks at a low upset price, and as one squatter would scorn to bid against another . for land belonging to his run, and nobody else could compete, the blocks would be knocked down at the upset price — 10s. per acre usually — apd thus they kept the selectors at bay at_ all points. This process is going on still in all directions, and the small selector has no ghost of a chance of getting land' fit to settle upon '' and offeringa reasonable prospect of success to the settler unless it be land that, from one cause or other, is not suitable for grazing purposes and not required to keep a squatter's run intact. All this is but asimple statement of facts that are notorious, and at the present moment' the Legislative Assembly has before it no less than three bills, the avowed objects of which are to give the pastoral lessees greater security of tenure and relieve them of the condition of 'improve- ment ' under which they have selected on exceedingly easy terms large blocks of land originally forming part of their runs and thrown open for set tlement. To them it was a matter of perfect indifference that these, lands were needed for agricultural settlement; Under these circumstances the general public can scarcely be blamed for re garding squatters with suspicion and distrust. Nbw Insolvbnt. — William Newton, o Rivenswond, miner, was this morning adjudi cated insolvent upon his own petition.' The Krst meeting of creditors in the estate was fixed or October 9. ? las Ambhioaw War. — Onoe more, Rainer's excellent panorama of the American War'is in Brisbane, and will be visible at the Albert Hall on and after Saturday evening. There will be a distribution of gifts each evening. Mr. Philip Stuart is' the Wotnrer.- - K '.: '. Tiih Cook Lectures. — Mr. Joseph Cook will deliver the third of hu ieties of lectures at the Albert Hall thisevening, theaubjeot being ' God in Conscience.' Tha ohair will be taken by tho Hon. J. B. Diokson, MX A. This mprning early all but twenty-five of the reserved seats for this evening's ledture' had been taken. To-morrow, afternoon Mr. Cook will give a Question.box lecture at the Theatre Royal. Admission free. . : . ? ,.,. Y! Theathe Boval.— ' Ingomar' waa the play given at the theatre last 'night. This piece is admirably writtentbut there are hardly^snffioient 'situations' of an exciting nature to satisfy the modern playgoer, whose palate 'has to-be' spioed with hot condiments, like the liverless ;vrhite folk who serve their Queen on ' India's coral strand.' 'ingomar' is a very interest ing play nevertheless, albeit the first few spenea go rather flatly. There is, moreover, the charm of originality about . tho p!ay, and that is a gteat deal in it» favour. If Parthenia is not Miss Pomeroy's beat oharaoter it is one in whioh she appears to great advantage, and some of her scenes last night displayed high art. Mr. Holloway appeared to great advantage in the part of Ingomar. His acting was forcible, bat not too much so for the eharactor of a brave barbarian, whose thoughts are all noble. Mr. (-. P. Carey was capital as the Bo'rdid : miser Phydor, and he waB quite piotureEque in his misery when driven from the oity to fall into the hands of the barbarians. Mr, W. H. Med oalfe made an excellent XTyron, and tfiss Kate A'rden deserves praise for her Actta The remaining characters were all carefully played. The mise en tehte wni'taHsfaot'ory. Tonight Gilbert's charming oomedy, ' Pygmalion and Galatea,' will be performed,' with Miss Pomoroy as Galatea. . . ? ? ??; -; ,Y-'. ,:''J« «!'ii: ' !Pknalto pob Sbixino a Stats 9«oebt.— The Berlin correspondent of. the S. it. Serald writing on July 28, relates the following :i—, 'The military, navdlj and pblltioal oirolos have been muoti oooupied for the lnot few weeks by a somewhat stmsational occurrence. A certain Meiling, a first mate of the Imperial Navy, who wfia olerk in the Marine Ministry, Had been in duced by the offer of ;a'oonBJderable;6.uin to sell Sfj-veral hydrographical plans and secret in etruotioDB on the German torpedoes to the RuBBian Government. A Russian student had led the transactions, but the Russian narnl plenipotentiary, Captain Nevacowitch, was aNo mixod up iu tho aflnir. Tho BusMan student hanged himself immediately after it beoums known that Mailing had been 'arrontod by tho n&val; authorities, «rhile. Captain Nevncowitch preferred to leave for St. Petersburg, wheiioo ho will probably never return to be a member of tho RnEsiim ErabnEsy at the Court »f Bnrlin. f ho defendant Moiling was proiieouted for high treason, and had been condomned by court martial to six yeara of hard labour, and -to. dismissal from tho Imperial Navy. It ban be easily understood that this incident has . not hulped to improve tho relations between the .Prussian and the Russian 'military circle^, The death of General Skbboloff, tho ppon.dieiny of' Germany in Russia, has also caused a good deal ofisonsation hero.' . ,..'.' ... „, .... t --???-?? -*-- 