NO TIME FOR BUSINESS. SIR BRYAN.—Well, Tob, how are you ? I've got such an awful cold. MB. BENT.—Poor Tom's a cold too. SIR B.—Yes, I know you have, olb boy. Well, and what have you been doing since I've beed away ? MR. BENT.—Oh, railways, nothid but railways; hard lines seem to suit 'em best. SIR B.—Yes; but how about the " Progress " part of our programme ? Peace is here, [Prosperity is here, but Progress doesn't "gee." MR. BENT.—Three P's and no thimble; it used to be three thimbles and one pea, but we reverse everything. SIR B,—Yes, and the country seems to stad if. MR. BENT.—The country is too busy attending to its own shop to heed us. We can do pretty well as we like. {Knocking heard.) SIR B.—Hello, some one at the door; you can't come in, we're busy (aside) bribing constituencies. {Knocking heard again,) SIR B.—Sounds like the Major by the noise of his boots. The Major is getting quite wrath because we won't move on. MR. BENT.—IS it Berry back from Sydney ? SIR B.—Not yet. Jerry hasn't gone to Sydney for nothing. He sees the game of agitation is played out here for a while. Shouldn't wonder if he draws his tent pegs and goes to Sydney for good. (Knocking.) SIR B, (looking through the keyhole) .—I say, Tom, it's something all in white. MR, BENT.—Oh 3 law, R blooming ghost. SIR B.—Why you're as white as a cauliflower head. What are you scared at ? MR. BENT.—Suppose it should be that gravel question resurrected I Oh, I say, Sir Bryan, keep the door Bhut for goodness' sake. Ehj I wish the missus was here. (Knocking heard still louder.) SIR B.—Who's there, eh ? VOICE.—It's me, the business of the country. SIR B.—You've come to the wrong shop, my man ; we can't attend to you. In fact, we don't recognise you m any shape or form. You annoy us, you annoy us very much. MR. BENT.—Yes; go away. Take yourself off, we've something to do for a few months yet. Go right away, and put your head in a bag. We can't look at anything just now but railways. VOICE (outside).—Just one word to Sir Bryan privately; open the door just half an inch, while I whisper. SIR B. —Well, what is it ? Look alive, we've no time for business. BILL (struggling to get in).—Come, Sir Bryan, isn't it time I was proceeded with ; you can't tackle and dispose of me in a day or two, and unless you commence with my affairs at once the result will be a large money loss to the country. SIR B. (with his back to the door),—Go out, I say, go out, take yourself off ; go to the ; We're busy with railways. It's a big job that can't be rushed. (Slams, the door.) VOICE (outside.)—Very good, gentlemen, very good. We shall see what we shall see. A day will come and I shall be there. MR. B.—Oh! go to the dickens. SIR B.—To come bothering us with business. The idea I 