A GOLDEN MINISTRY. THE Bishop of Livcrpool, speaking at the Annual Concference of the Evan gelical Allionce, said :-" LAt us become msore and more diligent readers of the Word of God. This ii a day when many books are publishel. The daily newspaper press takes up a considerable amount rf m:n's time; nod, so well are our newspapers written, t'iat it is not surprising t'iey shbuld command so much time and attention. The monthly periodicals also take up at enormous amount of time which used to be spent in the reading of God's Word. Our Puritan forefathers had very few books, but one book they read, studied, prayed over, and became familiar with-their Bible ; and the great secret of their power was that the Word of God dwtlt in them richly? We, too, want to be more and more men of one book. I charge every believer to watch over the slightest disposition to turn away from the Bible to religious books, however excellent. Do not let these become substitutes for reading God's own Word, given to us by inspiration of the Holy Ghost. Depend upon it, the more we read God's Book, the more shall we find that His words are life and spirit. Lastly, let us pray for the outpouring of the Holy Spirit, from one end of the world to the other. Formi and cere monies are excellent things, but unless we receive God's Spirit they are like steam engines without fire. We want the power of the Holy Ghost to descend on our churches, to promote the revival of true religion in the days in which we live. This is our grand want. We want more of the Holy Ghost. When the primitive believers met they had none of our fine churches, but they had the power. Our parish churches are grander than the houses in which Peter ard Paul met; but these men had the presence of God with them, as many others who had met in dens and caves of the earth. When the days came that they had golden platters and chalices, then came the day also when they had wooden ministers. With wooden vessels they had golden ministers, and they are the kind we want now. We want better ministers, better communicants. Such ministers and such laymen working together, heart to heart, hand to hand, shoulder to shoulder, will bring down a blessing on every place, and not least on the City of Liverpool." Mr. J. D. Taylor one of the oldest busi ness men in Castlemaine died suddenly on Wednesday morning. 