ANOTHER TliAMWAT ACCIDENT. Shortly after 5 o'clock on Saturday afternoon . a young map named William Wright, who was- ' crowirg over Devonshire-street towards the Redfem railway station, was knocked down by -; t In. inntnr nf thfi Rntanv tram on-ita.v/av to Botany,- He wns after considerable delay got out - from under tha motor, and was conveyed to the Infirmary, where it was on -examination found that both his legs where injured to such an extent that amputation, wns necessary. _ A large crow l assembled at the sccno of the- accident, and loud cries of "Lyhoh the driver" were c died out, but from what wc learn tho driver was not to blame. Some of tho eccentricities of modern adultera tion arc delicately disclosed to tho commonwealth of consumers by a contemporary Gorman satirist, in tho following neat little fable " There wore once four llie?, and, -as it happened; they were hungry one moiuing. Tho fust settled upon a onusageof singularly appetising -appearance, and mnde a hearty meal. Dut he speedily died of in-' tostinnl inflammation, for the aausago, was adul terated with aniline. "The second fly breakfasted upon flour, and forthwith succumbetl to cohtiac- tion of tho stomach, owing to inordinate quan tity of alum with which the flour had . been adulterated. The third . fly was slaking his thirst with thq contents of tho mi)k jag, when violent cramps suddenly convulsed hiB frame, arid he soon gavo up tho ghost, a viotlm ito : obalk adulteration. Seeing this, the fourth fly, mut tering to himself, 'Tho sooner it's over the sooner to sleep,' slighted upon a moistened piece of paper exhibiting the counterfeit presentment of adeath's head, and the inscription 1 Fly Poison.' Ap plying the tip of his probosoiB to this device, tho fouith fly drank to his heart's content," growiii'g more vigorous and cheerful at every,- mouthful, although expectant of his end. Dut lie did not die. On the contrary, he throvo and waxed fa', Yon see, even the fly poison was adujtcratcd I'.' The Chamberlain (Brothers, who ' wero rejected by the Reform Club in April last, have -issued, a - writ for, libel against Mr. Alexander Boyd, damages £5000, for stating, on the alleged authority of Sir Eobert Torroiie, that they wero guilty of miscon duct at Adelaide, when visiting tho colonies somo years ago. 