A REMARKABLE SEANCE. SUAKINÍ1 HANDS WITH O HOSTS. Mit E. Cyril ITaviland, of Sydney, who li lately beon on u visit to Melbourne, and wi was présent at one of the spiritualistic seanc given by the celebrated'medium Spriggs, io ;., wards tho -E. New« the following account j his experiences i IVom tho , manner iii ; winch yon alb people of all opinion's to express theinselvi . in your columns, Lt rust tho following accqun tho veracity of'which I mn prepared to mal oath to, may bo permitted space in your vol widely- read journal." Some of your reader doubtless, have already beard of the "materia -laing eirclo" which meet twice a week in room nt tko.ibackV of Mr Torry's shop, S Kussel 1-sl reel', Molboiirno, and without dil cussing the why or wherefore of thc facts, shall .simply state what l.witnessed myself n a sitting on friday, tho 3rd instant, 'in tim room. . Merely, premising Unit I know the rooi ?»voil, ami liai'c been in it numberless time) and that just before the " sitting" I examine it thoroughly, taking up tho coir matting t< >BCO. there were no trap doors, and findiii, neitlier theso nor holes in (lie solid walls, no cellar under tho room, nor opening of nu; kind, except ; tho usual »vindo»»' and dooi which wero not accessible to thc medium without our knowledge, and further premising that of thc seven sitters (three ladies am four gentlemen, including myself) none wen incapable of applying tests, 1 shall proceed ti relate »»'hal look place between (ho hours o half-past seven mid -ten,-.itcandle .burning ii tho room all the timo in thc niche of the niau telpicoo. We took our seats at 7.30 p.m. in a sotnl circle, tho medium, Mr Spriggs, sitting nein inc. Presently "ho was " controlled " by ii spirit (Indian), known as Swiftwaler, whe spoke in broken English, and was introduced to mo (as I was tho only stranger present.), and then ho walked tile medium behind a cur- tain that hangs across thc corner of thc room, round which wo sat., Tho curtain (red rep) -»vim then drawn, the medium being behind it, and IIB 1 have before staled, it was impossible any fraud could have been practised, l'or there were no exits or entrances except thc window and door, and neither of these wore accessible without disco\'ery. After the lapse of a few minutes a voice was heard speaking to us, apparently abovo the inedium, asking who I was, and stating wo should have good manifestations, and then Maidenly tho voice ceased, tho curtain was drawn to one side, mid ( here stood a figure, dressed in white, with a red sash round his waist, bare legs and feet. This form measured himself in my presenco at a measuring apparatus, and Iiis registered height was 5ft ti ¿m. His name is Zion Krupp. Presently lie went behind tho curtain, and thoro was a sound similar to that caused by gas escaping out of a bag, a long low whistle, and in fifo»»' minutes, (he second figure appeared. Ho is known as " Peter," and is thc same spirit as that coming through Mr C. E. Williams, of "London. Peter shook hands with mo as »»-ell as »vith the other sil ters, and seemed quite at Lome »»¡th IIB. Ho measured himself and registered 51't li in. He picked up sonic loose Howers that had been brought into the room, and pricked his hand wit h a rose thorn. Then, picking out that piece, he handed it to nie, saying "llore, Haviland, squeeze that." Peter was with us, a tangible solid body, as much like flesh and blood as I nm, fully 10 minutes, and then hu too »vent behind the curtain and disappeared. 1 ought to niuntion that several times Ibo medium wns'shtnvn to nie by tho materialised spirit lifting up the curtain, and i distinctly su»v him sitting in his chair quite unconscious, that is, in trance. " Geordie," of whom T have a photograph taken in daylight in Loudon, through the mediuin.ship of Miss 'Kairland, was the next to come. AV it li (he exception of a very lo»»' "Good evening," Geordie did not speak, but hoshook hands »villi me, rubbed my hand over Iiis face, put his face so close to nie our noses almost (ouched, motioned for tho candle to be brought out of tho recess, and thus stood beside mo in full light, mensiircd-himself (5ft 'lin), picked up a piece of rock, weighing 14JII>, »»¡thone hand, and tossed it tome, and then hu »vent to the writing desk and wrote mea letter, »vhich 1 have no»v got in my possession, and in various other »vuys spent quite 20 inimités with us. One gentleman present said that Mr Harrison, of London, had published a slateineiit that in " materialisations " the spirits wore masks, and to disprove this, Geordie caine* over to nie, and »villi his face within two indies ol' mine, distinctly moved Iiis eyes, eyebrows, mo nth, and other features. After Geonlio came Mrs Cobham, but nothing of any particular interest occurred cither through her or through two other female friends following hoi', " The Nun " and "Charity," the last-named being a beautiful girl nf apparently 1!) or 20, »villi long black curls. Then followed-a child, "Lily," whoso aunt sat next me at thc sitting. Lily spoke to and was recognised by bor aunt, but seemed shy of ino (a stranger). Lily's hoight is aft Hut. Aïtw Lily cunio " John AV right," hut he did not stay lung; and then »ve had further manifest al inns in tho "direct voice," that- is, spirits speaking direct, and not through tho organism of tho medium. .1 »VHS informed of friends and relatives standing near mc, mid their names gii'en although they were un- known to all present. I have now to state that tho medium's height is Cit 6'.}in, and that none of the ligures resembled him in tho slightest. To finish thu record of one of thc most remarkable seances 1 have »vitiiessed, and if it »viii satisfy nnyono of tho truth of my statement, I am ready to take this letter before a magistrate and swear to il, 