NOTES BY NUTLAD. . ;? THU great stand which tho representative greyhounds of Now South "Walos wade in their reeont essay against the Melbourne contingent in the Australian Cup, run for on the Werribee Park, has given quito a wholesomo fillip to the sport in this colony. During tho wholo of the last few days of tho Australian Coursing Cup Meeting numbers of anxious inquiries were made ap to which dog tho Cup and Purse had fallen to. In my last, week's notes I anticipated that, with tv fair sliaro of " dame fortune's " smiles, the Cup might find its way across tho border. My anticipa tions wcro not far ont, inasmuch as Mr. Cooper's imported greyhound Kingfisher, hy Wheft ont of Boyal Annie, proved himself a regular clinker by running up to Proserpine, when notoriously lame, and knocked about by his previous bye; and Mr. lt. L. Tooth's Teddington by Bashful Joe out of Dinah, won tho Purso for dogs beaton in the first round of tho Cup, in good style, showing conclusively that his backers wore justified in backing him to land a good stake for tho Cup. In tho first round of tho Cup Kingfisher met Warcry, and after a no-go never allowed his opponont half a slow. In his next essay ho led Bandy 20 lengths, but appeared to tire, at tho cud of a long course. Meeting Harlequin, who, asa puppy Inst year, ran into tho last four of tho Waterloo Cup, and subsequently ran up for tbeHawkeskury Cup to Wynd ham, when running in Mr. E. E. Jones's nomination, the Sydney dog most decisively beat tho sou of Evil Eyes, tho odds being 0 to 4 on Kingfisher. In the fourth round he just as easily defeated Mr. Lamb's Littlo Buttercup, a con stant and clever, but not over fast bitch. Kingfisher next ran a bye, and appeared to movo very sfiflly from slips. In the deciding course, Mr. Wngner's bitch Proser pine who had been runing through the stako in a very meritorious fashion, was placed in tho slips to meet King fisher. Contrary to expectation, tho hitter way led nearly five lengths, and Mr. Wagner's representative running up an early score, Kingfisher ended matters by killing, thus causing tho fhiif to go up for tho Stormont konuel. Teddington was rather unlucky in hoing drawn against such a rodoubt.able flyer as Werribee Shadow in tho first round. In his opening spins for tho Purso ho never allowed his op ponents a ghost ol'a show, and it was not until thc third round, when ho mot tho Ballarat bitch Gunilda, that ho met with anything like opposition. His other oppo nents never troubled lum. Mr. G. Ii. Lord -managed to secure two conrees with Lollie, a very moderato grey hound, aud tho Messrs. Lamb pinned their faith to that clever and constant little bitch Little Buttercup, who made her dib ut this season in tho Pathurst Oaks. Tho Waterloo Cup will bo tho greatest event of nil our canina contests, and this colony is sure to Le more strongly represented than nt the Australian Cup meeting, and sevonil big wagon; have already been written hy tho well Jcnowii lovinthitin, E.K. Jones, about the Nov/ South Wales dogs. During tho week very spooulativo operations have taken plaue over tho event. J000 to 30 oach has been taken about tho Messrs. G. and H. Lord's nomination, while 1000 to i0 has boon accepted and still oflered about Mr. A. H lilith's nomination. Tho same price is offered about Mr. AV. B. Kounyevell's. Messrs. Lamb and Park have each backed thoir nomina tions to hind them a nice stake. Messrs. Gore and Whit- j tingham's nominations find support at 1000 tu "/>. Messrs. j W. M'Culloch, H. Patterson, P. P. Armytage, and A. Town, oach find supporters at 1000 to ¡10. Tho recent visit of Mr, G. L. Lord to Melbourne has been prolific of good results. Through tho indefatigable onorgiesof this gentleman, in his ardour for tho welfare of coursing in this colony ho has arranged that an Intercolo nial Stako shall take place at Woodstock tho second week in August. Tho following well-known coursing gentlemen comprise the Victorian nominations:-Messrs. H. Gore (-), W. Baily 1, D. Jones 1, M'Culloch 2, and H. Patterson 2. Tho whole of tho Now Routh Walo« coursing contingent hare returned from their trip to tho Werribee Plains, Vic toria. Distemper in greyhound puppies still mr.kos its rapid strides of destruction amongst our principal kennels. Mr. Fletcher, M.P., of Newcastlo, informs mo that ho has lost tho wholo of his valuable litter by Dark liustic-Destruc tion. 