THE DIFFERENCE IN GIULS. The Im fc rainy days the heavens fieemea 10 ott trooping over the loss of the suit! which had not been teen at its accustomed haunts fot over a month. An old man got in a street-car .with his umbrella as wet as it is possible for an umbrella to be. The seats were all full, and he closed his umbrella and put the point down on the floor as ha supposed, but in faot he put it right into tho low shoe of one of these sweet, motleBt girts, light on to her stocking, and the dirty water more than poured into tho ahoe. At that she looked aa though she would move her foot, and call his attention to what he was doing, but she ssemed to relent, with a resigned expression, as though she hoped he was not going to lide many blocks, Bhe looked out of the window. Once she moved her lies d bb though she would look down at her shoe to see how near full of water it was, but again she thought better of it, and looked across tho car at a man with a wart on hie noao. She looked as though she feared that if she spoke to tha man about it he would think her very forward, and that ehe was guilty of_ impropriety In speaking to a stranger without an introduction. Finally she became nervous. She blushed, and touched him on the hand that held the umbrella handle with her little flattering fingeiyand said : "May I ask you, Bir, without Beeuiing to be impolite, to do me a favour 1" " Why, certainly, miBi," said the old man, aa ho looked down at her ; " what is itl" "Will you please take your umbrella out of my ahoefor amnraent, end let ma take off the shoe end empty itl" " For heaven's stke, miss, was my umbrella in your ahoe? I beg patdon," and he took it out. " It's of no consequence at all," said the little lady, as she ' turned up her ahoe on the side, and let (he black cambric water out. but the old man blushed,, and moved off to the other end of tho car, and stepped on another girl'a foot., Tho other girl was not that kind of retiring child of nature, and she looked up at the old blunder-buss with fire in her eye, and every red hair of her head mean ing business, and said : " Can't you keep off of people's feet J You better ride in a sprinkling cart, when you go anywhere. Why don't you look where you are walking? I don't see what the city bongbt a stone-crusher for, when you could walk on a stone- quarry and furniBh cobble stones for pavement." Tho old man pulled the bell- rope, and putting his umbrella under hia arm, he walked the whole length- of tho car, knocking off several hate with tho umbrella, but ha didn't mash any feet, for all tho passengers nut their feet under the seats. It beats all what a difference thsra is in cirls.- -Peck'a Sun. It is reported io The Times of May 26 that at tho Central Criminal Court, London, 011 tho previous day, Thomas Aikon Smyth, 30, a medi- oal student, who had been convicted of the man slaughter of the Rev. Matthew Campbell, a clergyman of the church of England and curate of All Saint's, Surrey-square, Walworth, by alleged ignorance and want of cars in treating him for an internal disease, was brought up to receive judgment. Mr Justice Manisty, in pass ing sentence upon the prisoner, pointed out to him that professing to practise as aduly-qualified surgeon, when in reality he had passed no examination and possessed no diploma which would entitle him so to do, wsb a deceit upon the public, and must be stopped. He would have been extremely glad if he could have passed the matter over with a lighter punishment than that which he was about to inflict, but he wished it to be a warning to others not to profess to be what they were not, or to undertake cases of extreme difficulty when they were not competent to perform their dutieB. He was very sorry Indeed to have to pass sentence upon a man of the prisoner's position, but it wsb a serious case, and it was rendered the more so because he was a man of education. The defendant had rendered himself liable to a very severe punish ment, and the sentence which he was about to pass upon the prisoner would be a severe one to a man of his position. The sentence was that he be imprisoned with hard labour for six A Stoby of Focb Flies. — In the following neat and pregnant little fable some of the eccentricities of modern adulteration are delicately disclosed to the commonwealth of consumers by a contemporary German satirist — "There was once four flies, and, as it happened, they were hungry one morning. The first settled upon a sausage of singularly ap petising appearance, and made a hearty meal. But he speedily died of intestinal inflammation, for tho sausage was adulterated with aniline The second fly breakfasted upon flour, and forthwith suc cumbed to contraction of the stomach, owing to tho inordinate quantity of alum with which the flour bad been adulterated. The third fly was slaking bis thirst with the contents of the milk jug, wh'.n violent cramps convulsed hia frame, and he soon gave up tho ghost, a victim to chalk adulteration. Seeing this,- the fourth fly, muttering to himself, 'the sooner its over the sooner to sleep,' alighted upon a moistened sheet of paper exhibiting the counterfeit presentment of a death's head, and tho inscription ' fly.poison.' Fearlessly applying the tip of his proboscis to this device, the fourth fly drank to his heart's content, growing more vigorous and cheerful at every mouthful, although expectant of bis end. But be did not die. Un the contrary be throve and waxed fat. You Bee, even the fly- poison was adulterated. A farmer, while at work in his wheat field in. Irving, Barry county, Mich., a few days since, wounded himself in one nostril by accidentally trusting a sharp-pointed wheat straw up the passage, and bled to death before evening. The traffic earnings of ths Queousl ind railway for- the week ending 23rd September Bhow an increase compared with the corresponding week of the preceding year over L3200. \- Georgo is li ve years old. Hia mother had un dressed him for a bath before putting him to bed. As he stood bofnre her, he said, " Now mamms, I'm a kid." "Yes, dear," Baid ehe. "You know' what kind of kid I am, mamma ?" " No, Darling. " 'Well, nakid.1 Hia mothor thinks that good for a kid of bis age , Ahnold'b Balsam of Hobehoi/nd. — Nothing so quickly cures Coughs, Bronchitis, Asthma, Shortness of Breath, and Weak Chest, as this Balsam. Excel lent in Whooping Cough. Very safe anil efficacious for ohildren. One iIobo gives instant relief. Its occasional use greatly strengthens belli chest and voice. Sold by all chemists and storekeepers. The most trivial affection with which wo are troubled is what is commonly called colds, and yet, trifling as they are from n superficial stand point, they are but inductors or conductors of many dire diseases. If they do not end in pneumonia or some pulmonary complaints, they fall on tho kidneys, and here is just the point at which Wolfe's Schnapps comes to our aid, and by, its searching, permeating, and pervasivo ac tion ou these organs, restores them to their nor mal condition. 