moveltet GRIT. A Story of tho Post and Proscnt ; of Ordi nary mon and Ordinary things, In Ordi nary language , BY DONALD CAMERON. ' AUTHOR OP 'IN THE FOLDS OF THE SERPENT,' 'SILViGnWATEn BEND, ETO.' ' Bo sure thy Ein will find thed out.' It ;s a beautiful belief: . That over round our head Aro hovering on angel wings, Tho spirits of tho dead. ?? CHAPTER XIX— (cosirNUED). Many in tho crowd could read Obadiah like a book, and thoroughly understood that he was a hypocrite, but their feelings wore so worked up that even tho most irroverent amongst them could not refrain joining in \- prayer. Ifc_was therefore a strange picture, this multitude* on their knees, and tho sun risingin the east, gilding the machinery and changing tho columsof smoke into wreaths of snow. But hardly had Obadiah lifted his voice when Spot, who had been on tho watch all the time, made a~ dart, and seizing the apostle by the leg, made him spring a few spaces into .the airXvith a cry as if the evil one had seized him j whereupon the impromptu . congregation started up,, inclined to think something' serious, had happened ;' but the moment they: saw the state of affairs, a universal burst of -laughter took place. Oba diah's face changed from white to scarlet,' and turning round he dealt poor-Spot so hearty a' kiok that had it reached him, ho would'havc gone down tho shaft a dying dog. Tho .. crowd seoing this at once rushed to roscuc Spot, crying out, 'That's tho poor boy's dog,' and Obadiah had to sneak away- like a whipped cur. Hardly, had ; this excitement passed- over when a startling cry washeard, and a beauti ful girl, with her dress disarranged, her hair flying in wild disorder about her -shoulders, rushed throughthe crowd. Every soul know at once that this was Bertha; tho rich man's daughter, and as tho story of her love for Jack was pretty well known, thanks'tothe gossip ing proclivities Tof Gritty Gully,' they at onco understood the cause of nor distress, and gave wey.with.thbrcspeot that misfortune always generates. ' ... 'Is he dead? Is ho dead?' she cried;' turning to soveral minors she knew. . ' We do not.know, Miss White,' said one of the men respectfully, ' but we. hope not. It is quite possible ho may.be alive.' ] At that moment Obadiah Sweotcomfort's long hypocritical face appeared in the front rank. His eyes -gleamed with a sort of de moniacal light, as ho gazed upon tho girl with an expression of desire and revengo. ' Ho is dead,' said Obadiah, ? in his most sepulchral tones ; ?' no man 'oould have lived the night through in that mine exoluded from air. The foul air has killed him long ago:' Bertha uttered a desolate wail, and sunk upon a. pile of untrimined slabs near tho mouth of the cruel-shaft which had destroyed her loved one: Was he: dead? Would she never see his -bright face again? Would he never clasp her to his heart and impress ? those pleasant passionate kisses on her-lips ? 0! God, to think that down in the horrid depths was her lover's corpse disfigured be yond recognition; to think of the slow and terrible death that might have been his ! . Was he dead? Could ho be1 dead? She. could not, would not realise the. terrible fact. Her mind failed to 'grasp the stern- 'reality';, and it was a mercy. Several oi the women who were present, women -who had known the horror of- stand- ing on tho brink of a shaft in an agqnyof apprehension for a beloved-one, after casting reproachful glances at Obadiah,- came forward, and, Bitting .beside Bertha, began to comfort her, telling the girl many, things which thoy thought would give her hope. Obadiah ? Sweetcomfort stood there and gazed upon this lovely creature with the feel ings of a distippbinted demon. How'beauti ful sho was! What torturo to gaze oriiall this loveliness, on this; wbman whom ho so passionately loved,' arid think that ho had not, oould not hSyelpttrt or parcel in her 1 ' When L will 'you know the worst?' asked Bertha. ... . . . 'By mid-day,1' answered tho woman. ' She looked ;up at the sky and saw that the Bun- was1 orily'rising. '''.' How many weary hours sho would have to' wait, and, then— ? ,\ ,.,.'??.' In this hour of affliction all were equal. ? Bertha felt this as her heart went forth to the clear kind creatures who strove to lessen'*' her 'grief. At other times thfcso women were acoustomedto gaze upon her from afar off as of being of another sphere; but' now tho common bond of humanity drew them together, and earthly; distinctions and barriers were forgotten. ? : ' ' ' A very short time had,-, however, elapsed . when- a- rniirrnur at tho ' outer edgo of tho crowd announced some new' ovont.' Mr. White's carriage drew up plose tp tho engine house, tho 'horses reeking and quivering, and Berfcha's;-,father stepped out: His face ex pressed anger and determination. ? Striding to where the poor girl was, ho seized her hand, and in no'geritlo tones commanded her to' coino with him. Sho lifted her weeping oyes up to his stern face and shuddered; ' 0 1 father,' said tho girl, ' lot mo stay until I have seen his— his— ' she could not say corpse; 'let mo stay till then, and I will go anywhere with you, to Sydney or else where, so long aslam away from this terribls place. 01 father,; do.' How 'eloquently she pleaded with thoso boautif nl eyes I ? But.thore was no' change in her1 father's face, it was' as inflexible as ovor.' 'What good- can it do?' ho said.harshly, 'tho boy is dead. -Leavo this placo,whore thoro can bo nothing but painful memories, and Beok other scenes whoro you will forget all.' ' ? -'??'.????'; 'Icannotforaot, I cannot forgot,' said tho poorgirl. - ..- ? '' ' But you must,' said the harsh:'raan, grasping her hand firmly and dragging hor to tho carriage. Tho crowd dared not interfere. Tho only protest entered was a low growl from Spot; who had recognised Bortha.'arid found comfort in her presence,' although this sagacious croaturo easily detected her grief, and began in his simple mind to think that thero was something wrong. Bertha was rudely forced, weeping, into tho carriage. Tho horses woro at onco lashed into a gallop, and the vohiolo disappeared in a cloud of dust. There was just time to catoh the train, for Grit had a railway now, and poor Bertha was placed in a oarriago, and tho engine shrieked and -whistled and departed for Melbourne, conveying thither a tortured soul, weeping and waning over tho lost dream of youth; ? ' 'CHAPTER XX. ' ' While these scenes were' taking place at tho Hesperus Extended, events of a very different character were transpiring in Grit. After the great meeting, Hector, Bunakum, and some of his principal supporters repaired to tho dingy office of the Gritty Gully Trumpet, where, . assembled in the den. known as the editor's room, they began to discuss the affairs of the night. Tho Trumpet of next day would be one of the best numbers ever issued. There was the great meeting, the- terrible accident at tho Hesperus Extended mine, and-, of course, there would be a splendid leader from' tho lien of Grit's mightiest journalist, Hector Maolnnis, wherein tho opposite party would be annihilated, and tho course of the electors mado clear. ' Grit had now a gas company; of course thero had' been gas therein the early clays, but not suoh as could bo utilised for light. The Trumpet office absolutely flared with it. There was gas. everywhere, whioh was a com fort, as thero was nothing else to speak of. The exterior of the building was'' not very prepossessing. Once, indeed, tho facade had been thought the very apnio of architecture. . It was of red briok— as if the dust of Grit were not rod enough— and tho mason had by an ingenious arrangement fixed certain of the bricks to form -the words Gritty Gully Trumpet. The rod dust of years had settled upon tho building until it now looked like an ugly lobster' drowned: in dirty-anchovy paste. Upon window, coign, arid door the insidious dust had fallen until there was not the sem blance of the original design left. To add to tho discomfort of visitors a flight of wel worn steps led to the sanctum, and, as there was no light outside, acoidents were the rule; ahd hewas a lucky man who esoaped scathless when he vis$pdthe Lj^ceumiqf Grit. -By the side of the building^ rim a narrow, lane, fit for deeds'of 'darkness, and immediately at tho bacfrwas the stage door of tbeiheatre, whenco at night seedy- supers; issuect to fetch in the pewter pots of beer ffomthe hotel at the corner for the stars. Gritty peoplo -wouldjitell you with prido that they h«Lgtri ^fS/p'B'rooko borne in there from a*BD*wnen'in* 6nS of his drinking moods ; and' to this day the hotel boasts that Julia Matthews was a boarder when she was a trollopy girl in short clothes. Altogether it was a classic locality. But the insido.'of the Trumpet office was to the outside world a mystery, and the general public could tell' nothing about it, except that Hector Macinriis mado the paper there. In the inno cence of their souls they believed that ho wrote, set up, printed, and delivered tho Trumpet. Hector Macinnis found the offico in a stato of 'pi,:- to use a professional term. Tho compositors had been out of copy for hours, tho overseer was fretting and f tuning and consuming beer; the apprentices were larking, and the sub-editor was in despair. Up to this time the editor and roportexs had not put in an. appearance. Reprint would riot do, so the whole establishment had to be idle, consohng themselves with the reflection that they would not get homo until tho sun had risen next morning. ? But they knew thoy had no remedy j although Hector Macinnis wa3 a benevolent champion of liberty, and a warm advocateof the eight hours system. Henever allowed his lofty soul to consider his own offico. That was out of tho pale. So ho tors: and his printers waiting for him at his pleasure, without in the slightest degree con sidering that, they' were men just, like the miners and carpenters for whom he expended so' much breath. But then consider: the miners and carpenters could send him into Parliament, and, the poor printers couldn't, being only a drop in tho ocean of Gritty humanity. ? . ? O, true proverb 1 — 'A saint abroad, a devil at home.' In a few minutes, however,' the Gritty Gully Trumpet office was the scene of tho greatest activity. The reporters who, .after the meet ing, had hastened to tho Hesperus Extended to ascertain the particulars of the accident, rushed in and at once began transcribing notes, as if all tho electricity in the offico had concentrated in them, and their pens flew .over the paper like steam-engines. .The overseer stood over them, however, like a ghoul, devouring. their slips, which ho out up in pieces, and handed to his expectant ? compositors, who rushed to their fraines and set with a rapidity that must have thrown the reporters into despair, if they had had time to look round. All this timo tho great mover himself sat in the editor's sanctum, drinking wine with Bnriakum and his friends, arid, totally heedless of the agonised face of the overseer, who now and then rushed-past the open door in - the vain, hope of arousing his sympathy. The sub-editor hopped about-^-for he was lame — arid strove to keep up a jolly appearance, when he felt all the pongs of the damned. ? Nor did Bunakuiri and.' tho rest heed this in the slightest.- Why should the championsjjf liberty, of the horny handed, of tho eight hour system, pay attention to the wants of-these poor creatures? ' Why,' in deed?; ;.-;. . ..'??- ? ? ' But' as Dr. Rouse was moved by the spirit of loo to adjourn, tho party at last broke up. 'I will bo round at tho Patriot, presently,' said Hector, as he' saw his friends safely down tho steps. : .- ? ' . The overseer now hoped that there' would be some chance of finishing' bofo'ro daybreak. But Hector coolly passed him by, and, sitting in his chair, began to go through the piles of nowspapers that lay before him. The over seer rushed out, and sworo by himself in tho passage, then adjourned to seek the sola'co of the pewter. After a while Hector Macinnis did think . that he ought to begin his leader, inasmuch as itJwas time for him to join the company at loo,' and casting away the last paper, 'he dipped his pen in ink— and was about to write when — . . . What face was this that roso before him in tho hour of victory ? What accusing eyes gazed upon him out of the dusty bookshelf ? What form arose from out the shadows of the lamp? -....' . ? ' v Pshaw I Thoro was nothing there. _ Tho leader muBt bo written. . . ? .'.£?£», ;'.'.. ' But it is not easy to put down the ' ghosts that ariso to mock us, if they have their origin in our own guilty souls. With an impatient exclamation Hector Macinriis iixci'Uhia oyes upon tho paper, and, taking his pen in hand, began to write tho leader which was ? to electrify Grit .nexiKday. Ho had thoroughly- digested tho matter, arid. ' throwing it off ' was to him an easy thai:' Soon tho page was covered with his peculiar,' But regular handwriting, and, striking tho boll, tho' overseer appeared. A siriilo of in tense satisfaction spread over that worthy's face* as ho glanced at tho shoot, arid he clutched it with inexpressible delight. It was immediately cut up into littlo pieces, and tho compositors put to work on it, setting tho matter up so quickly that ere Hector had finished tho last slip the first proof was in his hand. Ho soon hurried through it, and then began looking over tho flics, Ho became tirod of these, however, and, throwing tho papers to ono side, put on his coat and hat, and strode away amidst tho blessings of his employes, who were trembling that ho would 'write a second loader. It did not take him. long to reaoh the Patriot, which was still full of light, tho politicians not -having departed. They were arguing in the bar — at least, as many of them as were able to argue. But Hector passed by, and went on to the room whercjtho select men, including Dr. Rouse, wbro indulging in a little relaxation in the shapo of a game of loo, which was now tho popular amusement of tho higher olassof Grit; varied by an occasional tussle at -poker. Hector Macinnis' cared ' little for cards, but when trouble or anxiety came upon him he often indulged in a game. As ho did not caro to sleep that night, having to bo up early, he resolved to drivo away all apprehensions of tho morrow in what he called a 'tit-up.' As he was passing ho noticed Maggie, who was serving the ' men in tho bar. Her face, usually so bright, was far from cheerful, and the redness of her eyes showed that she had been weeping. A shade came over Hector's faco as ho noticed this. He knew why she was' so gloomy. But it was not a cause of ?sorrow to him. And tho night passed on, Hector playing with great care and winning. Indeed this was no wonder, for the others'were so far advanced that they could hardly distinguish a king from a jack. He accepted this as a sign that ho would bo successful. ? The dawn began to find its way into the close room and to pale the gaslight, before tho players thought of separating. Then, after a hearty wash and some slight refreshment, they held a meeting, when final arrangements were mado for the great contest. The party, too, had- the satisfaction of reading Hector's ?leader, which was pronounced a masterpiece. After that, how could Mr. Miall and his friends stand a show? CHAPTER XXI. While thoso scenes iwero passing : at ? tho Patriot, two wretchcll'creatures were lying in the casualty war||-till,'' the hospitf&JbLgrit.; Bridget O'Regah'iapr hfejf*nusbarid'^i^ne?er rallied after their^ratal. treatment?- They were so nearly ' deffd- whori'- the attTtok was made that life was' easily driven out of their wretohed bodies. The husband died very, soon after ho was. admitted,- and Bridget seemed likely ;tcr end -Her troubles' ere tho morning broke. But, as she had always had a strong mind of her own and was naturally contrary, she disappointed tho doctors. As tho first beams of the morning sun lit up tho hods of the patients she opened her eyes, just as the doctors expected her to olose them for over. Sho was too weak to speak much, however, and was commanded by tho warders tobe quiet. 'Hush,' said the head warder, 'he's dead.' Tho woman. Jay. back with a sigh. It seemed as if sho had colleoted all hor strength for this effort, and, now that it had appeared vain, she sank again into a sullen lethargy. How earnestly and unceasingly the men worked at tho Hesperus Extended 1 How the crowd cheered the shifts as they came up and ?went down! In spito of the counter attrac tions of tho election, which began to bo at its hottest about twelve o'clock, tho crowd Elill gathered, until thousands of ' persons were collected around the claim. Electors slipped away now and then to record their votes, and returned immediately. In all directions cabs wuu ujiug, uuiiiiiigputiiiira, y uw lor luiuji, ' Vote for the ohampionof the people, Hector Macinnis,' and these occasionally thinned the'erowd considerably, but fresh accessions kept up its dimensions. Messengers woro running backwards - and forwards, eagerly giving irifonhation of the state of tho poll. This was soon displayed on a blackboard, on which were chalked the names of- the candi dates, the numbers being continually erased, and fresh figures substituted, all of which proved ? that Hector Macinnis was forging ahead. At four o'clock tho blackboard showed : — ? ' Hector Macinnis .. .. 1G05 William H. Miall ... .. 1502 A great cheer burst from the assembly- as these figures were chalked up, varied by a little hooting from Mr. Miall's supporters. Suddenly a tremendous cheer was heard from those assembled closo to the shaft. It was so different from tho other, so full of hitman rejoicing and sympathy, that its meaning was at once conveyed to even those dullest of apprehension. ? Tho explanation was soon given. Jack appeared on the brace.- Then tho enthusiasm 'of tho multitude broke forth, and cheer after cheer rang through the air, until tho very hills reverberated. The miners whom Jack's timely warning had saved, rushed f orward, and one after another grasped his hand in tho wildest enthusiasm. ? Thero was only ono faco in in tho hugo' host that became gloomy. Obadiah Sweetcomfort bo stowed ono glance of hate, ferocity, and fear upon Jack, and then, muttering to himself,' sprang into the nearest cab. This action was riot unnoticed. Obadiah had only just como up to communicate the state of the poll. Ho had been too busy all day, rounding up Hector's supporters, to think of Jack. 'Jack's heart roso as 'he saw the thousand's of faces around him, all beaming with satis faction at his escape. . Hunger and weariness were forgotten, and, waving his hand, ho ad drossed them : — 'Men of Grit, I will never forget this occasioni- The terrible danger I have un'der gone, death; and all its terrors are compon sated by this ready and earnest sympathy. It is on such occasions tnat wo forget the petty jealousies and meanriess of life,' and become brothers in reality. Let me thank my fellow miners for tho noble manrior in which they exerted themselves to save. ine,; sparing nothing — not even their lives. And what they have done for me, . I, yes, and everyone here, would do for them 1' ' Amidst cheer after cheer Jack was placed upon tho shoulders of four men, and a pro cession 'formed. Hallam, tho bandmaster of Grit, was present. Ho had been all day play ing with his mon for Hector Macinnis at tho Patriot ; but the moment he found that Jaok had boon Baved, he sent a cabman post hasto for his band. Just as the procession ncared the hospital, which lay in its route, tho band met them. Hallam at onco Bet himself at its head, a'ridsoon tho air rang with -the stirring strains of ' Soothe Conquering Hero Comes.' It was a stirring spectacle ; tho;ni6ving crowd of enthusiastic, .cheering people; the gay uniforms of' the band, and tho resoued minor, placed oil' high- above his follows, his eyes gleaming with the light of pleasure. Just as they oamo to tho hospital gates tho head doctor rushed out,. and made his way to Jack. All respected tho man, and tho pro cession at once halted.- Tho doctor shook Jack's hand warmly, and congratulated him on his escape. ? ? . ' A poor woman, whowas illused lastnight by, the crowd at tho Patriot, and who is dying,' said the dootor, 'has been asking for you all the .morning. Wo thought, sho was dead. When a warder rushed in with tho~ news that you were saved, and thon tho woman roused herself, and xiassioriately- entreated that you -Would coriio to her. Her namo is Bridget ? O'Rogan.' ' Jack's faco changed. Memories of /that awful Bceno in the largo room of tho Patriot, whore h'e knocked down Dr. Rouse, came into his mirid. Glancing towards tho valley, ho could boo the spot whero his unfortunate mother lay. Could this woman know any thing about this terrible mystery which en shroudbd his parent's death? He distinctly remembered tho hesitation with which she gavo her evidence at tho inquest. He would go in and seo her. The crowd made no o'^jection. Tho band stopped playing, and Jack- walked into the hospital with tho doctor. It did not take them long to reach tho room in which Bridget lay dying. Her oyes were fixed earnestly upon tho door as thoy entered. Her face lit up with a'iwild joy when sho saw Jack. Hecamo up to her bed, and took her hand. What a change had como over this woman since lie lmow her first I Ho recollected her when She was a fine, buxom woman, the happiest and ? gayest of tho wives of Grit. And now? Well,- well, how tho demon, Drink, had changed her. Ho remembered his own mother, and the tears came into his ?eyes. ; Sho looked at him ; she saw tho tears, and from her own orbsj fast clouding in the night of death, the drops of human feeling came. ' I wish to spake to him alone,' she feebly murmured ; and the doctorsand the attendants wont out, leaving Jack and this poor creature alone, ; save the other patients, who turned round their weary heads to look at Jack, who was known to most of : them. What passed between Jack and the dying woman no ono knew. A few minutes -after tho warders left tho room Jack came out. His face was flushed, his eyes glistened, and a wild excitement appeared to pervade his frame. 'You can go in now,' ho said, 'She is dead.' CHAPTER XXII. .. A great crowd had gathered bef oro the court house of Grit. It was a strange building that; formed, of course, of dingy red bricks. It would have puzzled the most learned archi tect to understand its order; unless ho charac terised it as the brickdusty disorder. The leading residents were gathered on tho bal cony, anxiously waiting for Dr. Rouse, who was to declare tho state of ,-theu-oll. In the distance, but every inomejtti coining nearer,' the strains of tho band Bounded*. To Hector and his friends it seomecta^trimnphal march. Tho band waa just turfilig'iha corner of tho narrow street that led\rig|ft-ttil^court house, ; or town hall— for ;it-B^tt*.b8itH'5parpose3 — when a great cheer nringu^oed-Va appearance of tho principal actpSlj^JQi^ .iffoUjSGlcamo ior ward, followed byHeefer^Samnis, Mr. Miall, Bunakum, and tho rest. 'Thojxftemblage were somewhat puzzled io^hear tho'browd fnrther down the street cheoririg in a-different strain, while the band struck up ' Jack's the Bad.' ' Gentlemen,' said Dr. Rouse, amidst the noise, ' it is my duty now to declare the state of tho poll. It is — Hector Macinnis . . . . 2051 William MiaU .. .. 1675.' Hero his voice was drowned in a tre mendous roar of voices, the feeble efforts of ?the opposition to groan being rendered in effective. It was like tho growling of a bassoon amidst the din of an orchestra when the climax is reached. i1 Ithoreforo declare Hector Macinnis duly elected.' , ' ? With a bright eye and a smiling face, Hector MacinniB stopped forward, his appear ance in front being greeted with oheer upon cheer. Bunakum waved his hand for silence, and Hector was on tho point of addressing tho assemblage, when the stillness was broken by a shout, so tremendous that it fairly shook tho building, and a thousand voices were raised at the same moment, crying — ' Jack is saved I' . Hector Macinnis looked straight before him, and the triumph died out of his oyes, tho color out of his cheeks, -as he saw Jack mounted on tho shoulders of the miners. A sort of film soeined to gather before him, tho building appeared to totter,. the .figures on tho poll board wefo Hotted but; and in their place appeared a terrible, distorted faco that seemed to mock him, and to burn into his soul. * Ho staggered baok into tho' arms of Obadiah Sweetcomfort. ? ? ' ' CHAPTER XXIH. Fading dream of lovo, Fatal dream of gold, ? Mocking shades that bring Grief and pain untold ; Gilded baubles bright, ' Sun-touched mists deceiving, Vanishing in air, : Disappointment leaving I Sprung liko a vision of night, Out of tho swamp near tho river, Prosperous, sunny, and bright, ?.'-? Growing for over and ever I ; Two years have gone since Hector Macinnis started back at the town hall of Grit, when he beheld tho vision of the resuscitated, when his dreams of grandeur and peace were thrust aside, and tho reality of another struggle with the shadow of his life was photographed upon -his brain. ? . ? - - . The scone is not in Grit. Tho'roar of tho steam engines, and the clatter of tho stampers have passed away, and wo are in tho street of Bourke, in the oity of Melbourne. Night has fallen, and myriads of lights have sprung up on every side until an artificial day is created, unhealthy and glaring. Streams of people p'asB up and down tho glittering thorougfare as restlessly as tho spectres in tho Hall of Eblis. Three gay young men, faultlessly dressed, werepasBing up the street towards the great unfinished building which clairns to be tho seat of Government. Among theso.was tho hero of. our Btory, Jack.-- Ho was very dif ferent in appearcnee, however, to tho young, shepherd and miner of our acquaintance. Dressed in a well-fitting suit, ho looked a fine, tall gentleman. His well- turned limbs, grace^ ful carriage,, and handsome faco would have earned him tho approbation of oven the most fastidious. Ho had filled out arid rounded so well that ho was a most unoxcoptioriablo' per- ' son now, ono made to lovo and to be loved. His face was full and fairly boarded, and his eye's sparkled with thoir old happy light. No ono would have dreamed that ho had been a shep herd and a miner, except, indeed, if ? they looked at his hands, which showed that ho had. worked. But in a doniooratio country, that' was nothing. . ..''.'. . Tho party had just arrived in tho oity from Grit. Jack had never seen Melbourne, or any great city. However, ho tried to look as if ho had lived in town all his life. This, though, was very difficult, for every Btep ho took a now wonder appeared. Ho thought Grit a great place, but it was nothing to .this pity. : And 60 he sauntered on amidst tho bewildering crowd, sticking pretty closely, howover, to his companions, who had been to town before. And yet he had a steady purposo in view. Ho had been successful, and now thought that ho could finally aspiro to Bertha's hand; Bertha lived with her father in tho city, and ho had not Been her sirico that eventful day when ho bade farewell to hor in the park at Grit. But thero was another object that caused him to visit Melbourne. ' '-. , ' /: ' . 'Whero aro tho Parliament Houses?' ho asked, as they passed tho Theatro Royal, and his companions mado a stand. \; ' Oh, a long way up tho street,' replied Bill Flynn, a gay broker. 'Who's going to bother themeelves about that humdrum place to-night. Why, hero's Flyko the Flibertin' going on af.'tho Royal; lots of logs, sparse attire, and any quantity of dancing arid music.' . ' Who's going up there,' said Joo Jolh'boy, with a laugh, ' to listen to prosy old buffers, when thero'B so much life to bo seen. Why, we haven't visited any placo yet; there's tho Megatherium, tho Gay Mabillo, arid lots of others.'. ' I'm going to the Houses of Parliament,' said' Jack, quietly. ' Dotft you' know that tho great event of tho year takes place to-night. Thoro is the discussion on tho vote of confid ence in tho M'Calvin ministry.' ' 'Ah I yes,' said Joo, I' so thero is. There'll bo some fun, no doubt.- Heotbr Macinnis speaks for the opposition to-night, and ho'll make it hot for old M'Calvin.' 1 'Anyhow, I. don't seo muoh difference,' said Bill ; ' it seems to mo that tho country's bound to be governed by the Macs or tho O's. Howover, I'll go with you, arid to-morrow night we'll do tho town.' ' What if they telegraph for us ?'. said Joo. ' I don't know,' was tho reply of Jack. ''.I rdon't feel inclined to return to Grit, for a fort night.' 'What'll Maggie say?' 1 A dark shade passed over Jack's face. ' You'd better leave that alone,' said Bill ; ' Jack doesn't care about it.' . Without speaking any' more, tho three young men moved up Bpurko-Btrcet until they reached tho front of tho Parliament buildings. Jack . gazed with curiosity on the strange black pile, from the narrow windows of which gleamed the gaslight, contrasting with tho deep gloom of the surrounding gar dens. Out of tho roar and rush of Bourke street they passed into the comparative ?quietude of the Parliament resoi've. A knot of rather seedy -looking persons wore gathered nround the unfinished front of tho dismal, gaol-like building. ? Two or three policemen kept guard over these patriots. ' There's no show of getting in,' said Bill, ' money's refused at the doors.' ' I don't know about that,' said Job. ' If I can get hold of old Muinblos, I'll bet five to ono wo get in. Ho daren't refuse such influ ential electors. \ Old Mumbles was Hector's colleague, and ho was kept in his place out of pity for the old man, who in his time had been useful. ?He lived now only to please his constituents, doing exactly what they bid him, thinking' as they thought, a,nd receiving from them suf ficient money in a number of ways. Joo judged rightly that ho would not dare to rcf usb them admittance. ? ' Can't get in, gentlemen,' said tho door keonery£ stalwart son of tho Green Isle. '.\8P«avant to seo Mr. Mumbles,' said Jack, coollyVT ... .... ?^?' I don't know if ho'3 in tho ho'use,' was the reply, although the doorkeeper had just caught a glimpse- of Mr. Mumble's unkempt hair when he was ushering in an influential elector. ' Give him these cards if ho is,' said Joe. Tho doorkeeper looked daggers at the party, hut took tho cards, and put thorn into a sort of lift, shouting through a tube to tho to tho messenger above. In a few minutes a stentorian voice was heard. ' Gentlemen who sent to Mr. Mumbles come 'P-' The doorkeeper's demeanor at once changed, and, with assiduous politeness, ho showed the. party up stairs, much to the chagrin of the assembled crowd of less influential indi viduals, who would have almost perilled their souls to havb heard tho debate. A place fof'the party was founcr'by-ono of tho attendants with great difficulty, at the. solicitation of Mr. Mumbles, who had. him- self come forth to do the honors. When Jack had squeezed himself between two apoplectic patriots, he had time to look around and take in tho scene. ' ' There is a strange, inexplicable feeling when a man first enters into a placo which ho has read of, and looked upon as being too great and grand for him ever to seo. It was,1 therefore, with awe that Jack glanced at the assembled wisdom of the colony. There they sat — row upon row — intently listening to the utterance of a distinguished lawyer, who was laying d*own tho points in controversy. But tho assemblage disappointed Jack. They had their hats on, just as if they were at a restaurant ; a portion were stretched at full length on the seats, some had their ' legs cocked up ovj-r tho cushions, and others were engaged in a somewhat disrespectful conver sation. On tho whole he was disenchanted. Ho couldnot help smiling at the 'old woman ' who sat in tho chair, a most amiable-looking person. Jack thought ho would have' to bo amiable, considering the vapid talk he had to listen to throughout the session. Jack, too, glanced at the gallery whero tho reporters were busy talcing down. tho words that flowed irom the lips of the great Hicklebqther. That gentleman sat down amidst applause. '?' Now it's to come,' said the fat gentleman on Jack's right. ' Macmms is going to close up tho debate, and then; after M'Calvin has replied, the vote will be taken.' '., . The blood rushed to Jaok's face, his frame trembled, and his clenched hands grasped the back of the form in front, his gaze concentrated upon the man he hated so intensely. With a haughty and confident air, Hector Maoiunis rose, and after going to tho table and taking a drink of water, ho glanced over his ' notes. Ho had greatly changed. ? Not only was his dross superior to what it used to he, but ho had improved in every way; indeed he could almost bo called a handsome man. His face had become interesting and intellec tual, and as ho did not toil at night, tho wearied owl-liko expression of countenance so peculiar to him in the old times, was no more. In every lineament of his face wero starriped power, confidence and hope. Ho was a new man. Jack looked at him, arid shut his mouth, as if he were restraining himself. ? Even in voice, the man had improved. His speech was tolerably free from that harshness which, had militated in the past so much against his success .as a public speaker. Practice in debate had onabled him to con ?.donso his, matter, and it' was a pleasure to listen to tho cool, quiet manner in which he met every argument brought forward by' tho M'Calvin sido, tho more solid matter being enlivened by graceful, outting Barcasm. , As he spoke, tho faces of that party becairio very elongated, whilo those of his own men Bhono with delight. Argument after argu ment was disposed of by him with perfect ease, interspersed with telling sarcasm, arid after ho had refuted every thing that had been brought forward in favor of ? tho expiring Ministry, he began to heap up ohargo after charge against them, until oia M'Calvin fairly' folt hhnself sinking into his boots. s ' Sir,' said Hector as ho. prepared to con clude his speech, '' if , after what I havo advanced against these gentlemen, who have held power in this country under false pre tences, this House continues them in their' offices to trifle with tho rights and liberties of tho peoplo — ' He had first glanced at the speaker, then at tho Ministerial benohes.and now ho directed his gazo to tho corner, whoro his oye mot full that of Jack, who was staring at him in a sort ' of wild stupor. ; Instantly Heotor Macinnis stammered, his face becamo suffused, his head swam, and ho staggered. ? After a few seconds of hesitation, ho turned to tho tablo and took up a glass of water. His hind trembled, his frame shivered, and tho glass fell from his hand, and was broken into a thousand pieces.; Thero was a stern joy in Jaok's face, as ho noted tho effect his presence had upon his onemy. Ho was glad thatho had been able to bo present, to daBh a drop of bitterness into tho cup of bis gladness. This, too, was con firmatioTtttrong of tho thoughts that had been in his mind dVor since that day when ,ho had conversed with the dying woman in tho hospital; of Grit. His faco grow darker and darkeras ho gazed upon tho statesman of the future.' The House wondered -at Hector's conduct. Tho old gentleman in tho chair gave a feeble sort of start — ho had been sleeping with his eyes open for some timo. M'Calvin stared. Hector's party looked astounded, and one or two started up as if to assist him. Tho reporters wero glad of. tho few minutes' cessa tion, as it enabled them to put .a finishing touch to their notes. (To be continued;) 