JOHN M ARM ONf THS HOKIAKGA PAKXHA UAOH \- OB, B£vehtv-hvb '1'baeh in New Zealand, All Eighth Bkbebyed. CHAPTER X. Right glad waa I to ace the banana and bread fruit groves ot Papclee disappear beyond the hori- J zon. Amid such scenes of beauty, where earl' A ! seemed as nearly a paradise as can be realised 1,(7, l hail iininin mnrtnllv tired — an inaati u- lcngicg for my former dare-devil existencr taken hold of me; in a word, reader, ' L W3 licnrtily sick of icspeotability. Poor as a )lurci, mouse I had set fool upon Tahiti, and poor I left it, though ray enemies will insist < ?cliat ,-fot Jiis Tahilian Majesty minus 50 yard? ",ot or nativcclotb. Header, it is u maliciou gander. Iff did appropriate the cloth, it was _ -|jeu of my wages, with interest and compou nterc8t up to dato ; only, ob 1 was rathe in my departure, and forgot to R> re . Hifl Majesty a receipt, he fears I may, li a dishonest tailor, send in my bill again ; thcr gj-c i accused of stealing it. The Wave Queen wfi' slowest tub it was ever my lot to sail in. ota an hour was the maximum speed she qt reached while 1 was aboard, and that on with tbo most favpurable -wind ; but the sa were a joMy set of doge, fond of a yarn un(| u Bong, ho the time passed very ptr ntiy, 75y«and-by, however, when it was nr j- turn to take the wheel, i bfignn to suspect th jv W( W(.rc bearing too much to the nor'ard e strike New -/jjalntid, and on asking the jipor be coolly told me he had rllflTIIffid b' r> MKn/1 Moonlirin nritinrr in fit ihn llltf ol' Island , . that as bis wood and water licld out well, an' j the voyage bad been unduly prolonged, he woo ja stand direct for Sydney, My heart sank withi' 4 me. I dured not remonstrate- lest lie nlion jd suspect I had some pressing reason for not car ,i,g to go to the latter port, and I was utterly Pr (Werlesa to take any steps to oa-ripe, us the s natches were most strictly kept on board. 1 was apparently hurrying back to the arms of justice, /and I knew that the punishment for escape would be extended imprisonment or death. No miin exactly likes to walk up to our last enemy, and be "inn in" like a felon. Better it is to utiiiriblu across the old gentleman unawares, and receive his greeting when you lenst expect it. 1 became now a mobt ill lent coward, suspected my messmates, lost my appetite, became morose and surly, utterly different, from what 1 bad been before — until they iuingined I was possessed of a devil, or bud .the agony of an uneoufessed sin on my soul. Yet, what di 1 1 fear/ In my calmer hours, when 1 asked myself the question, it -was difficult to find -an answer. .Man or ghost were alike indifferent to me, as 1 did not o ire a (ig , for tile one and did not believe in the other, yet there was the nameless terror the clutches of justice always possess for nie, and t dreaded once more to fall into the toils.' As each day closed if seemed a day nearer my doom — nearer to the time when tlui impending sword would fall upon my head. I became avoided as a pestilence, and imperilled my safety by my efforts to he safe. At length the day arrived when we entered 1'ort -luekuon. 'Then it was tluil I became cool as a cucumber, and willing to face any danger. We cast, anchor at (lump bell's wharf, and to my horror I perceived standing there the very sold ier 1 had escaped from watching our arrival. In an agony of uppreheiisioo J rushed tc the cook'a galley, daubed my face with soot, so that I was almost unrecognisable, and upon our entries being passed volunteered work in the hold (the most arduous of all duties) in the discharging of cargo. At leugth this was completed, the bunds were paid off, and J mtisl confront the danger. Remembering that one of my messmates had a bottle containing . the juice of the Indian berty, very powerful in dyeing, I naked him for some of it, winch, with out hesitation, he granted. 1 carefully rubbed . ... ibis into my skin until 1 was so disguised that my BWtfgY a sc.ln.oit tip-ctm -'willi tr'W%n Sinn ' I r„\7i" '00k 1 received was to me delcc- l in every countenance; yet still liberty is dear, ;mu . -.PJlv„,i ,, tj .1 could learn when I should get a ?(,,J New Zealand. To this latter place 1 ban as strong a desire to go as previously I bad to go to Tahiti. But we are the playthings of impulse, and it moment turns us either iuto saints or dinners. Hut, meantime, where was 1 to stay/ My old haunt, the " Sailors' Arms," was for ever closed to me, at my lodging-house 1 would he in danger ; my only safety lay in betaking myself once more to Dolly Palmer's house, where I knew 1 would lie all right. By all the back ways and round about paths I could think of I went until I reached my destination, and was received with great kinducss by Dolly. 1 quietly said nothing j about having any money, because in this j worltl the less you let your friends know of j you the heller they will like you ; therefore Dolly, i who was nlways harping upon getting married to me, told me that if 1 would marry her she would knop tnu all my life. I at once agreed, as 1 wanted ' some cash, and she duly became Mrs. William Turner. She told me there was no longer any danger of detection for me, as a fortnight." after "l left a corpse was picked up nusr the King's Wharf, which was identified as mine, and interred in the convicts' quarter. My former self, then, was ueau nnu nunen, ami pticcmx-tiite, i laid ansae-, again in a new character. This was a i'e f as I was tired of constant apprehension and disguise ; therefore 1 boldly wnlke-jj -m dc'itiTieti of the »nn of justice. I could not sco any y,,n „f „ sbip going lo Now Zealand, although , ijitrcfiilly scanned the ,S 'ijdney liau th-. everv ,TUC'Ki there was no alternative than but lo wi.it ,mlj £0 hope. I bad nothing to bother lno iio'lV, no work, no anxiety — nothing tnilo but jiliige about and note the muny groat and beue- lieial changes the policy ol Governor Macquavio liud effected in Sydney, lieuelieial as regards the health aiid commercial well-being ot the colony, I mean, because lie did not run his head against social pests as his predecessor, Bligli had done. He left the liquor trullic ns ho found it, and was saved quarrels with the military, who had a monopoly of the spirit trade ; for ruin a few ycato back wuh a standard cnrrciicy. an indis pensable medium of exchange, in u colony where money was scarce, and;m;my a day's wages have 1 received in spirits, thinking myself better paid lllun 1 would have done had it been in hard cash. Sydney life was much as I had left it, wild, free, reckless, though since l,ho 1 ( lit ill i Regiment, or Now Mouth Wale? Corps had been succeeded by tlic 7i!rd thiogs had not been quite so bad. ft was now September, lSlti, or two years since I had become acquainted with the interior ot His Majesty's Gaol. I found the city considerably altered, because Governor Muuquarie developed a mania for building, and calling these buildings by his own name until Macqutiric seemed the one mime given in Sydney to be used. The town was divided into live districts, in each of which wan erected n watch- house, with an efficient jiolicc staff." The streets were named and kept in good repair, attention being paid to regularity iu house-building, so that all the erections in a thoroughfare might us nearly as possible cor respond. The markets, held on Mondays, Wed nesdays, and Fridays, were regulated as to time, being legnily open trom six in the morning until three in the evening; the supplies in the public storehouses wore kept up to a curtain standard, so as 1o avrrt such terrible famines as occurred in the days of Governors l'hillip and Hunter, when the entire colony was upon quarter rations, rintl martial law was strictly adhered to. A post-oiUce was established, with Isaac Nicholls" as postmaster, and the Bank of New South "Wales took shape, being started witk great (loutish of trumpets in November, IS l(i. The Rum Hospital, crowning the summit of one of J tlio ridges on which Sydney stands, was in course ! of erection, certain parties having agreed to I build it for a slated quantity of rum and the right lo purchase or to land free of duty all j the spirits impbrtod into the colony for j throe years. The theatre, first opened by Tom Sparrow in 17III!, was in full swing, witlr " bbe Sloops to Conquer" ott the boards, and the Sydney races, instituted iu 1S10, were on the eve ot taking place. The number of public- houses was vastly increased since Blijh's time, nearly every emancipated convict taking up one, in which trade large sums of money were made and extensive tracts of country acquired for half their value. i look a trip to i'arraraatla to see the country. It is s.ilnnteb at lite head of Port Jackson Harbour, about lfi miles by road from Sydney, and although far behind its mother city, is yet well wort! a visit. Ah I went there at tilt: time of the half, yonriy fair, the end of .September, I saw the place in all itn glory, crowded with buyers and aellctH. Ah the gse.it western road to Brtlmrs: and Wellington runs through, i felt assured it had a bright fnl- are before it, X saw the hospital and the RcmaP j Orphan Home, also the school for the cdocatioo , and training of the nativee, founded by Govcinr Mocquarieln 1814, which seems to bo achicv" ,ng B marked success, Much waB this rc'ln,.r«l, for the persistent and dastardly outrages P'ar vtised by the blacks through the early days of th' 4 colony, beginning with the RuBlicutteia' f zassacre, imperatively demand some means being takco to put a stop to them, cither by the arm of the law or by the more humane syBtem of enlightened education. 1 also visited Wiqdsor (formerly called Green Hills), situated about .'15 miles from Sydney, at tlic meeting of the South Creek with the River Hawkcsbnry. This river lias played a most, icr- , porfaut part in tbc early history of the colony, in that -upon three several occasions, by excessive floods, rising sometimes upwards of 70 feet above its usual water nark, it has swept the grain, stock, bay, vegetables out to sea, levelled the beuses of the settlers to tbt: ground, caused great loss of life, and reduced the infant settlement to tbc lust straits of famine. Land here is very rich, and 1 could not but admire the long stretches of fine pasture land doited with flocks and betds of the finest bieeds, the neat man sion?, with their orchards and outhouses, and the picturesque township ciowning the summit of a Ftnall hill. It was here also that I saw tin unusual transaction, but one which, if more generally followed, would be most beneficial to society. A worthy citizen of Windsor, under the dclusion that bringing bin wife to the hammer in a public auction room, both individuals consenting, was a dissolu tion of the matrimonial bond, brought his partner into the Btiie-room, and putting her tip for dis posal found a .purchaser at £20. So indignant wcie the townspeople at the transaction that they reported trie affair to the Magistrates, who brought, the happy trio before them, and then sentenced the husband to three months imprison ment with 50 lashes, the wife to be transported to Coal River (now Newcastle), letting the would-be benedict escape initios his money and Ins spouse. It was whilst staying id Windsor that the col lision between the Europeans and natives took place at Biingelly, on the Nepeau, Thirty or -IU natives hud, without provooation, sacked the farm of one of tlic most wealthy settlors, taking away huge quantities of grain us well as effects. bevcii whites attempted to retaliate, but only at the sacrifice of four of their lives, and then the blacks, encouraged by their suc- icss, went on to plunder other farms. Everyone lied, and it iccnicd as if the settlement w:i3 lo be crushed altogether. The aboriginal forces received large reinforcements, barge numbers of natives, never before .seen within the limits of the settle ments, came in frotn the mountains. At Uawpas- title they were very daring and destructive. Un the Balhurst road ll.C,v stopped several. drays, Back ing the contents and killing the bullocks. Even at I.t, tie Cove, near Sydney 1 Inrbour, they destroyed a valuable niaiz-' ntop, and killed two settlers. AVlicu the intelligence reached Sydney, a con tingent of the '1(1111 Regiment, under Captains Hhr.w and Wallace, was sent out to scour the country, and at Airds came to an engage ment villi the kind:?, when fourteen of the latter were Ml'cd and seven taken prisoners. A foolish policy of conciliatii.il cruised the Governor to set these c..ptivcs nt liberty iu place of stringing them i up by the neck, ilowevet, in p future, ik> native was permitted to approach within a mile ol any town or village, anil they were not to meet in .linger parlies than six. Moon after 1 left Windsor, hut not before anothef destructive flood on the Hawkcsbnry did much damage lo the settler?, in which I nearly lost n:y life in endeavouring to Eecttre for my self a bran new coat which I 3.nv floating down the stream. I returned to Sydney, not being able to get anything to do either in Windvar or I'arramatta, ami commenced my former lounging life. Although I had the oiler to go to woik on the lighthouse that was being bullion the .South Iiead, by a man named Hawkins, with v.-lion, I had become acquainted, I preferred to knock about unembarrassed by any stated work, so long as Dolly would keep mo. But alio was beginning to cut up rough. This made nie eiicmusiatrpas .. !/.!nG,.Gftrch very nearly led me into trouble. I llad gouc into Tom Bowling's to get a drink, when who rl,A..l,l f orw. nli.M.lin.. „ A ll... 1 1. .. . 1 » . — mum j mx ctuuuiuu nu uic u;u dul my OJCi llialti !'" ."nrwi.c'v earn Crigley. " ejiiivor my a,llor 11 prolonged stare at me, if it tun t little Jacky. Man alive, I thought you had got intoeliokey, and had slung yer hammock in the- gad ; let s have a drink." " 1 fear yoa arc ' mistaken, mate. J replied, "my name is William turner, and i uevr.,- ratted i.. tnu i j . I cunie here in the Hindoatan, that brought Governor Mncqiturie." " li my eyes if ye ain't Jneky's ghost : peer Jacky. Howsomever, mate, take a drink and spin us yer yarn.1' Every eye was turned on me. mid I knew if I flinched in tho least 1 was done lor. I accepted the drink, evaded t the necessity of spinning rny yarn, but shortly i afterwaids took iuv departuie. i had scarcely I got into Mncquarie-phice when another individual ; ticeosb;'.! mo with the query, " Were you ever uq board the Harwich Hurriedly replying it',- the | negative ) passed on, and without furiiiur'delny reached my wife's house, where i rutt-r.jn,"ri i_ concealment for n month. - m uo"- At length I saw by t;iU (;,r.,Hr that the Sally scboonci, Captain _ jHcks. would sail for Bay of Jslauos er. the., .dp .January, 'SIT, for a cargo of New / qhand llax. in this vessel I determined lo fe'; even although almost insuperable difficulties iav in my way. My wife kept a watch on mc keen ns a lyn.. , never allowing me to be long out of her sight. Again, as this was a Government otaft, I would he. obliged to give a very minute account of myself tx.'loi'i! 1 would be accepted as a hand, or taken an a passenger. Nevertheless, 1 deter mined to attempt it, for success is dhly merited by those who attempt. The only way 1 had of conveying my swag away was on rny back, so that when I bade "farewell lo my wife's dwelling I had no less than three shirts, two pair of trousers, and two coats cn me at Oil" lime. . Warm, you will suggest. A little. Strang' r, when the thermometer was only Uil.leg in tin- sonde, i walked quickly to King's. Wharf, r lf which the Sally lay. and springing into a dingy, rowed on! to her. Singularly enough, three of tiie hands engaged fertile voyage had abscon ded the pievicus day ; therefore, with hut few question! , .' was retained as- olio of the crew, and was only installed in the forecastle that evening. Out crew numbered seven in all, and they wrre on th" whole decent jolly dogs, with whom 1 got Ol very fairly. On the following day we weighed anchor, and I hade .Sydney my last farewt-ll, since it wan many a long year before 1 sot eyes upon it again. Heaven send it pros perity, for lr.miy of my happiest days were there spent. It r.ppeais, as 1 afterwards beard, that tny departme was just i" time, for suspicion having been aroused amongst some of the constables as to my ideality, and the individuals whom J hail met declaring ' was a iortner Harwich hand, a strict watch was ser for me. Dolly's house was searched, only lo discover lliut the bird was flown, nnd that i l.eir elicits were iu vuiu. Ere long ivc sighted the "Three King?," and soon cast anchor in the Bay of islands, roy home for the future. ( To he continual.') 