A MOST UNHAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY. My vory good friondTom Twitchor— now In a first class position in tho commorcial world— otico told mo a most awFuI narrative of moutal suffering, whioh I consider to be more awful than tho most terrible ghost story ovor invontod by fertilo brains such as thoso poasoasodby the living author, Wilkio Collins, or the dofuuet poct,Edgar Allan Poe. Tom was a Cocknoy, and was as proud of>hailing from London as many are of being direct doscondauts Irom William tho Conquoror, or Tho Amoricau Eaglo, Georgo Washington. Ho at tha early ago of throe and twouty made up bis somewhat orrntic braius to bo come Jo first- class passougor in tho "superior fast sailing vosaol" named " Tho Ocean Brido"< in order to soo tho boAutioa of tho Australiaa oujoy tho gonial climato, and if possiblo to mako a gigantic (fortuno. \ftor a fow days' most uncomfortablo sea-eicknoss, Tom upon gaining lu's soa logs took a groat interest in his floating homo. Ho managed to climb up the rigging, for which feat of agtlityho was fined a bottlo of rum. Bo kopt a diary. Ho at tempted to master tho art of etooring. Ho edited a feeble aud porsonal nowspapor called " Tho Brido's Gazetto". Ho disfigured his arms by having anchors pricked upon thorn in Indian ink. He gained tho friendship and respect of the captain and officers, the admiration of tho crow, and tho heart of a sweet little lady at tho end of her toens by tho namo of Lucy Dorling. Luoy cannot bo do- scribed cxcepl by tho aid of photography. Sbo was all that a poot's fancy could paiut hor; aud her grand old father — a man who had fought a rough battlo iu tho old days of the colonies, and had been rewarded for his pluck and noble porsoveranco by Damo Fortune, who mado bim tho proprietor of many thou- I sands of acres of posture, unoountablo flocks of sheop of tho finost breed, and a princely balance at his banker's — was returning from f a holiday .trip from tho old country, where bo had taken his faithful wife and pretty daughter Lucy. Although tho ladies bad thoroughly enjoyed thomaelvcs at tho opera, tbo theatre?, tho parks, iu shopping and garden parties, they were both lookingforward to the old lifo of ease and quietude at Booloo- long House. (Mrs Dorling seldom loft her cabin, except at meal times, and was adverse to coming upon dock, as sho had a notion that sbo might get blown overboard ; but Lucy was scarcely ever off the poop, and thoroughly enjoyed all weather, rough or smooth. Tom soon mado hor acquaintance. He told her in his straightforward manner how ho intended to go to work in Victoria and make his income, about five hundred a yoar, treble itself in a few yoars. At first the little girl was amusod at him. Then soring him always cheerful and eager to do his best for others, she respected him. She soon got to Iikohim,and when tho Ocean Bride was within thrco week's run of the Hood3, sbo and Tom discovered that they loved ono another. Lucy was too trtio a daughter and Tom too honest a young man, to enter into a secret engagement ; but the two went arm-in-arm to Mr aud Mrs Dorling and told them cf their pleasant heart affliction. Old Dorling was thunderstruck at this unexpected announcement, and moat violently denounced poor Tom as an impertinent fellow > but his kind-hearted better half, who appeared to live only for comfort and Lucy's happiness, seconded by tho littlo maiden's tears, soon gaiDcd)him over ; but ho insisted on Tom and Lucy simply meeting as follow passengers, and giving their words that thore would bo no con founded "billing and cooing," and patiently wait until the voyage was ovor and he (Mr Dorling)bad mado inquiries from those to whom Tom carried letters of introduction as to the character and monetary position of tho amorous young man. Tho young couple instantly agreed to tho terms, but it was a terrible ordeal -for both of them to undergo. Fancy having to exist in the prosenco of your heart's ad miration, and to speak common-placo language in lieu of the language of Cupid. It must have been torture to those .Iove- atricken turtle doves, for it is a world known fact that tbo arrows from the bow of the son of Vouus al ways produce irritation. However, they braved out their martydom, and in duo course the Ocean Bride discharged hor cargo and dismissed her paasongors. Some went imme diately up country to their various frionds. The Dorlings went to their suburban villn,and Tom, after receivinc from Mr Dorling a pro mise that he would shortly hear from him, called upon me, and shared my rooms until he had ( got rid of tho flavor of the Baltwater and looked about him. For tho first few days my old friend was in the best of spirits. He enjoyed our theatres, Opera House aud coucerts,took a true Briton's interest in cricket and podoBtrian contest's, ate, with a relish, three meals a day, and refreshod himaolf moderately at tho bars of our several saloons. But &b; week after week passed he became strangely altered ; he kept bad hours, lost his vigorous appotito, imbibed a little too strongly, and complained of sleep less nights. I took tho liberty of urging upon him, if thore was anything on his inind,to toll mo as his true friend, and with slight roluct- auce he narrated how he had lost his heart at soa, and how he feared he had lo3t his lady love on shore. I, of course, did my utmost to. comfort and cheer him ; but in my own mind I thought my poor friend's case ahopeles3 one It was on St. Patrick's Eve that Tom made his sad confession, and ou the morrow, as wo were sitting down to breakfast, Tom received tho following characteristic letter from old Dorling, which nearly drove my friend's com mon sense to tbe winds. Ho first read it fever ishly, then laughingly,' and eventually, with tears in his eyes, flinging tho lettor to me, he said: "Read it, dear fellow, and congratulate me upon being tbo happiest newchum in your beautiful colony." Thus ran tho epistle , Booloolong House, IGth March, 18— Dear Young Friond— Sorry I could not write sooner, The day after our arrival I ba1 a pressing letter from my manager at the station to come up at once. So away we all started, much against th0 wishes of Mrs D. and Lucy. When I bad time I made searching inquiries about yourself, and I am glad to say I found them most satisfac. tory. I say " glad " for I will not disguise the fact that I was roost amtious you should turn out to be a good fellow. Wo leave here to night, and intend to spend St. Patriok's Day at Sorrento. Will you join us ? If so, let us all meet at a favorite hotel of mine, the Tra falgar Cafe, in Sandridge. Also bring a-friend of the male Rex) with you. Wo will be thore as soon after eleven as possible.— Yours truly, John Dorling. "Come," said Tom, beaming with honest joy, "let us be off;" but alas! I could not-be of tho party, as I had for many days back made a imilar engagement. Tom was very much disappointed when he found that I could not be his companion; but as luck would have it— or rathor ill-luck —our mutual friend, Dick Gillingbam, made us a morning's call, and being, as usual, dis engaged and ready for anything in the recrea tion lino, moBt heartily accepted Twitcher's invitation. They started off with very little delay, and I did not see them again until two o'clock tho next morning. They both looked miserable objects. Tom's coat was torn, his hat smashed, and hia loft eyo in tho deepest of mourning, whilst Dick was depressod, aud lookod about as bappy as an unreprieved mur derer, " What has happened ?" I cried in real alarm. " Surely the old gontloman has not played you false." "Not at all," replied Twitcher, with a painful smile, " but wo have had a teiriblo, most hideous, advouturo, which wUlbaunt mo until I am marriod. Fill tho glasses, and I will tell you the awful story ; but, mind you, do interruptions, Gillingbam, and contrivo to look a littlo cheerful, for you aio not to blamo." Diok murmured, " ft was all my fault," buriod his face in hit hands, aud groaned. Twitchor, aftor having fortlfiod himself with somothiug slightly strotigor than Vtgoriiio, then told mo of his fkabfgl ht. patrick's pat. Wo arrived at Sandridgo, all sorono, and found Mr Dorling'a favorito cafa without trouble. Wo arrivod at ton, and noither of us having partakouof brrakfast, I thought it a good notion to ordor a apodal dejeuner in houor of tho happy occasion. A foast)fit for a king, with a couplo of pint bottlos of cham pagne, was soon placed boforo us, to which wo — as tho nowspnpors say— did amplo juBtico. Whon tbe bill was prosontcd, it camo to one pound thrco shillings; but judge of my horror upon discovering that tho only coIqr I had in my jxxjkots wore a sixponco and a throopenny piece with a holo in it. This was awful; but imagine my doapair whon poor old Dick found that ho too had left bis purse at homo. The landlord was a fiend; he had boon swindled boforo, ho statod, by— now chuma, and would uiako exaroplos of us both. He stormod, I argued, but it was of no avail, and ho was about to send for tho police when a happy thought camo into my hoad that ono should remain in pawn whilst tho other ran back to Melbourne. At length tho catering fiond con sented, and Dick Btartod off with sixpence for his faro to get tho money. When ho had gono, tho landlord brought a musoular waiter and in- formed bin that ho was on no account to give mo credit, and if I attomptod to stir from my chair, bo was immediately to oall upon tho strong arm of tho Iaw. Horo was a frightful position, I thought. What would become of mo if tho Dorlings should arrive before Dick return od ? I looked at tbo clock — oxactly half-past 10; ho had only just timo to savo mo. Asthofivo minutes passed slowly along I grow almost delirious. I tried to sell my watoh, but tbo wretoh in charge said ho wanted cash, aud hisbosa never took watches or any sort of jewellory from " promiscus " customors, and be wasn't on. Eloven o'clock struck, and ten minutes after tho Dorlings arrivod. Tho old gentleman shook ino heartily by tho hand, MrsDoriing greeting me in a maternal mnnnor, and Lucy in a sisterly ono. Oh, sho lookod so lovoly, and Ire miserable. "Woll," said Dorling aftor oyeing my warder — "you havo not intro duced us to your— your friond." "No, no," I said, "ho is no friend of mino, only a kind of a sort of casual acquaiutanoo." My stammoring answer caused father, mother, and daughter to open their eyes. "Why, what ails you Mr Twitcher?" asked Mrs D., "you look depressed." " Yes " replied Lucy, " lie, certainly looks tired ; won't you como into the opon air?" "Yea," added hor parent, " a blow on the pier will do yon good." What could I do, what could I say ? I faintly murmured, "Thank you I would rather not." "Rathor not," cried tho astonished family. " Yes, circumstances over which I havo no control compel me to say I must stop here. I would rather, much rather"— was my heartrending reply. I cannot remember any thing distinctly. I heard my Lucy calling me " unfaithful wretch," " cruel de ceiver," aud so forth. IMrs Dorling classed mo with drunkards aud impostors, and then old Dorling, io a furious rage, doclarod that the family should never submit to insult, and that I should como on to tho pier, for ho had made up his mind to duck me. The strong old fellow seized mo by tho collar, and com menced to drag mo to tho door. My guardian, aided by tbe landlord, pulled me the othor way, and I was not only nearly stripped of my garments, but would have been torn to pieces had not Gillingbam dashed in with tbe money, and explained matters. Mr. Dorling told mo I was oversensitive, but he did not blame me. MrsDoriing caltod mo her poor ill-treated boy, and Luoy wont into joyous hyterica. We did not go to Sorrento, but went to Melbourne, and spont a happy timo of it at tho Dorlings' villa. As my future father-in-law's suits were twenty sizes too big for mo, I hod to pass the first day of my engagement dressod as a beggar, but foolimr b proud and as rich as a king. So finishod Tom Twitchor's narrative, and often, when I am down to Booloolong to visit the happy family (Tom, of course, is married, and junior partnor), wo often make merry over his " Fearful St, Pat rick's Day." 