UNDEE THE SNOW. Bs Bobert. -CoiiMeb. . It waa jOhjiiBtmaa evp.ii^ thp, year fpnrteen. j And aB ancient idale^men. used tp Xell. | .The wildeBt.winter they ever hl^d Bpeh'j . j With the enow lyibg deep on moor andi fell. ' I -When Wagoner'Jobn got out hia team Smiler and' Whitelout, Dake-and Gray. With tbe light in his eyeB'ol-a -young man's dream. ~ Aa he 'thongh i of ? hia - wedding on New Year's Day. ; j To Katb, tbe maid with the bonnie brown Pair. ' ' v ; And. eyea of the deepest,; sunniest blue, Modest and winsome and wondrons fair. . ,And : true , toi/her troth; for her. heartcwas true. 'Thou's- surely not going,' shouted mine host. '??'?' ?! ' Thou'll ba loat in the drift aB Bure aa thou'B'born. ? . I- Thy laBBwinnot want to wedwi' a ghost. j And that's what,thou'll be on Christmas, .morn. : i 'It's eleven long; mile fra Skipton toon, ! ToiBlueberg.hooBeSrand. Waahbprn dale. Thou had better turn back and sit thee doon, .And comfprt thy lipart.wi'% A 4*0B oj. good ale.' i | , Turn the swallows flying South, . 1 - Turn the vines against the buo, Herds from rivora in the drought, ? ' Men must dare or nothing's done. So/.what careBj the lover for storm or drift. Or peril of death.on the haggard sray, He.alnga to, himself like a lark in tbe lif t, And the joy ia his hqart. turns Deoember to Mdy. But the wind from, the north brings a deadly . : chill, Creeping into hia heart, and. the driftB are deep, Where the thiok of the storm , strikes Blue berg hill, He iB weary, and falls in a pleasant Bleep. And .dreams he iB walking by Washburn side, Walking with Buth on a summer's day, Singing that eong tb hia bonnie bride, , Hia own wife now for ever and aye. Now read me this riddle, how^ Bqth Bhould hear ? ? That Bong,of a heart. in the olutch jof , doom It Btole1 on her ear, distant and dear, Aa if.her lover waB in'the room. And read me, this i riddle, ^Jiow, Buth should know, ' ' As she' bounds to thwwtopen ,the heavy ,, ...door, That her lover iB Jpat.in, the; drifting snow,' Dying or dead on the great wild 'inoor. ' Help 1 help 1 1'' ' Lost I loat 1 1' .Kings .through , tbe night'-as. 'She rushes ' ? ' away, 1 : Stumbling, blinded and tempest tossed, '-Straight to the drift where her- lover -lay. ' .Audfwift.theyleap after her intbihe night, Into the drilta by Blueberg hill, Fullan, Ward, Kobin'son, 'each- with his light V' To find her there,- holding him, white and still. , , ' He.waa dead in the drift then,'. ; -I hear them spy. As I listen in wonder, ' Forgetting to. play, ? FUty years ayne come Chriajmaa Day. ' Nay: nay, they were -wed,' the. .dalesman , oried, , By Parson Oarmalt o' New Year's Day, : ' Bonnie Both ' were ;me greatgreatgrand Blre'i bride, .. And Maiater Frankland gava her away.' 'But how did she find him under ithe ? ii show?' They oried with a laughter, touohed with teara. _ . ? ' a 'Nay, ladsV'ha said-'softly, 'we never can1 ^ ,-;i know, ?, ... No,not ifweliveahnndredyears.' , ? There's a, sight o' things gan' , To the making o' man. Then I rushed to my play With a. whoop and' away, Filty yearB Byne oome OhriBtmaa Day. A Maioh Cadsbd bz a Sbob.— A fashion able; shoemaker telle a pretty little1 story that reeds well even though it may be a enn niugly devised lie. Hia work ia exclusively in. ladies' foot-wear, and to, an inquisitive reporter he said ;— ' Iiast year I madeia pair of shoeB for, a lady, who had, as pretty feet as weia ever fashioned. , It was a' pleasure for me to make the ;ehoeB, and when they were finished I put them in the show-window in a very oonspioaouB place; where I oould view, them at my leieure.1' 'Piretty BOon a nioely dreesed gantleman stopped, and began view ing them, veryu attentively. Presently he entered the store and inquired if 'they: were for sale. I told him no, that they j were made.for one of myouatomora. He looked surprised, and' asked the- lady's name. I would not give him this ; muoh satisfaction, but ' told -'him' where she lived; however. I was1^ 'considerably surprised: to .learn, after* ward that'he waB calling at tho house, and more 'surprised 'Btill, whon the lady, ,aeoom panUdby tbe gentleman, sailed at .the atoro three months lain.. , She. o^lled hiin ' dear ' then, bo I guess Ihey were married.'— Detroit Frttfrm- ? ; - y 