THE DEMON OF DUNTROON. ok The Winged Spectre of the Red Hill. ' by j. k. One Saturday evening in Autumn, about twenty years ago, four jovial sons of the Green Isle, whom for form's sake we will designate Pat Haggerty, Martin Sweeny, Thade O'Toole, and Bryan O'Eynn, after partaking of the " Doch na Dorish " with a few convivial townsfolk at Host Lee's of the St. Patrick's, started for Canberra, where each of them rented a sntig little farm. Business matters had brought them to Queanbeyan on the day in question, and as they were near neighbours and friendly ones too, they had enjoyed a merry bout of it together during their stay in town. Dreamy twilight shadows were hovering over the pretty little forest-fringed town of Queanbeyan when they reached the brow of the woody ridge overlooking the town and not far distant from the Oaks, and the evening lamps already shone through the casements of the duck-roofed cottages, nestling amid' the shadows in the picturesque valley. The deep blue eastern sky, too, was fast becoming luminous with the starry host ; for, ever and anon, a pale scintillating light would appear for an instant on the distant firmament, as if an angel's hand were applying ,a silver" fap'er, and then would suddenly flash forth the shooting rays of some far-off star. But little Cared the Celtic quartette for twilight shadows Or silvery starlight, being more influenced by " potheen " than poesy just then ; so on they trudged with reeling gait towards Canberra, the shades of evening, meanwhile, assuming a deeper tint as the dense foliage of the forest land shut out the eastern starlight. Now, there are few lonesome roads but have their ghost legend attached to them — lone, wayside spots where .troubled spirits love to stalk at midnight — of night's dark arch the keystone — and scare the trembling bushfolk on their homeward way from market — some brawling creek or quiet glen where the blood of the suicide, the slain, or the impotent inebriate has glowed in the dusky shadows of gathering night ; and Canberra road is no exception to the general rule, for every lonely glen and sloping hillock from the broad white bridge in Queanbeyan to the quaint old wind mill on fair Duntroon has its ghost "legend associated with it, and manifold and marvellous are the stories afloat among the settlers of Yarralumla and Canberra of the midnight meetings between the settlers on their way home from market and the grim visitants from the other world. But Haggerty, Sweeny, and Company being under the influence of a more potent spirit— an evil one, too — gave but little heed to ghost or goblin as they journeyed homeward, now noisily conversing on politics which had agitated the public mind half a century ago on the "ould sod," and then gliding with an easy transition from politics into the numbers of some ribald purty-song, that for years had helped to keep alive a feeling of bitter enmity among men of the same nation — men who, instead of enemies, should be as sworn brothers— a fine, brave, noble race, whose naturally warm open hearts too long have been perverted by the evil machinations of a set of base agitators, miscreant inkslingers, and loud- voiced charla tans, who for a century and more have been busily inculcating sentiments of hate and rancour where all should have been love and unity. "Ah!" said Martim Sweeny, as a curve-in the road had Iteen reached where a neighbour of theirs had been killed a few years before — " Ah ! here's the sphot where poor Ulick Mundoon— rest to his soul— was kilt." Yes, the very sphot ! " said Thade O'Toole ; ' and well 1 know it boys, for I was wid hint the very night he got the fail. He was thrown close by the butt of yonder apple tree and never sthirred a limb after he got the fall. But let us move on, boys, for shure don't they say the place is haunted ! for the ottld Scotch woman at Limestone, Mrs. M'Sthirabout, saw Muldoon s ghost the last time she was coming home from Queanbeyan.'' "Shall! don't be afthcr talking nonsense,. Thade,"' cried Bryan O'Lynn. "Shure, man, there is no such things as ghosts in the world, and the ould woman must have been drinking pothsheen and misthook yonder black stump over there Foreninst, or perhaps' some night-hopping ould vagabond of a kangaroo, for aghosth." " And bad scran to ye, ye unbelieven Turk of a Jew! do ye mane to say there are 110 ghosths in the world ?" cried O'Toole in great ire. - Psha ! I'm ashamed of ye, Bryan, for I -always tuck ye to he a man ol since until now. But jest listen awhile and I will tell ve a sthorv that will soon convince ye." "One night, about twenty years ago, my father and meself was sthopping at an ould leather mill in a lonely glin about live miles from Cork. It was winter time, boys, and the wind howled and moaned round the ould mill as if the churchyard at the head of the glin had given up its dead, and the ghosths, like evicted tenants, were stalking about in search of warm lodgings out of the wintry blast. My 1 father and I sat by the lire for "a long time widout sphakin ; for, to tell the truth, boys, I was too frightened to open my li|>s ; and all the ghosth stories 1 had ever heard weic chasing each other through my brain like racehorses, or gossoons( playing lape-frog. T don't know whether my father felt frightened or not ; but I am quite certain he must have felt thirsty, as the whisky bottle had run dry about two hours previously, and the night was too sthormy lor me to go to the nearest bebeen, which was about two miles off, to have it refilled. Bedtime came at last, how ever, and my father, afther knocking the ashes out of dhudcen, and drawing a deep sigh, for his spirits were as low as those in the bottle, prepared to turn in. 1 soon fell asleep after going to bed, for somehow or the other the humming beat of the sthorm and the rain always makes me drowsy when' 1 lie down. But although 1 slept soundly sthill I had bad dhrames, lor all the ghosth stories that had been running through my brain in my waking moments sthill kept haunting me through my slumbers. We must have been asleep several hours when all at once we were aroused by a heavy crash, as if the ould mill was falling in on top of us. Wc listhened for awhile afther being aroused, but could hear no other sound than the ticking of an" ould eight-day clock, and the rolling, mournful sound of the midnight sthorm. The fire had gone out, and the room was as dark as a black cow's belly, and I could hear my father muttering to himself as if in prayer. We were just falling off to sleep again, when all at once, boys, the ould divil of a clock on the wall beyant began sthriking, and bad scran to her but a fine sthrike she made of it, for, goodness betune us and harm, if the crazy ould divil didn't sthrike thirteen instead of twelve ! There could be no mis- thake about it, for nty father counted the sthrokes as well as meself, and then, justh as if the ghosths had been waiting for the clock to sthrike before they contminced their capers, something or the other contminced kicking up the divil's own bobbery. The chairs were capsized, and the rickety ould table knocked about as bad as it would have been in an hurrah scrimmage at Donnybrook ; whilst a choking noise issued from our little dog as if some person was dragging him across the flure and trying to sthrangle him. My father and I sat up in the bed with our teeth chattering like castanets with fear. Neither of us could sphake, and my father was too frightened to sthrike a light. Well, boys, the infernal row continued for about ten minutes, when all at once we saw the red embers which were smouldering under the ashes thrown about as if the ghosth was making his escape up the chimney ; at the same time our little dog gave a sharp painful yelp, accompanied with the sound of breaking dell", and all was still again. The ghosth had tried to carry Thigh c up the chimney with him, but having burnt his feet was compelled to let the dog drop. There was no more row during the night, but still we slept no more till daylight. The first thing that met our view in the morn ing was our little dog, Thighe, limping about with his paws burnt, the two rickelty ould chairs capsized on the flure, and a large earthenware pitcher containing tallow for the stuffing of the leather smashed on the hob ; ! and by all that's holy, if the ghosth hadn't fitted the neck of the jar round Thighe's neck for a collar. My father went into Cork and told .Mr. Wise, the owner of the mill, what had occurred on the night previous, and requested to be settled with, saying that lie would not shleep another night in the mill for all the money in the Bank of Ireland. Mr. Wise attempted to laugh the matter over, and said that the dog must have got his head fastened in the pitcher whilst trying to ate the fat, and had broken the jar in trying to exthricate his head from his grazy nightcap. But shure, boys, my father and 1 knew better than that, and from that day until this neither of 11s have slept in the ould haunted mill in the glin.'' " And now, Bryan, I hope you are convinced that there are such things as ghosts in the world," said O'Toole, turning towards O'Lynn. "The divil a bit convinced I am, thin, Thade," answered O'Lynn ; " for 1 am of the same opinion as Mr. Wise, and you and your ould dad must have been two omadhawns, or you would not have misthook a live dog for a dead ghost: " " By the bogs ! thin, Bryan," cried O'Toole, in high dudgeon, " if you sphake in that dis- resphecful way of my father and me again, 1 will break every bone in your skhin." " Be dad, thin, Thade ! 1 never ate my words," cried Bryan ; " so lire away my bouchal, as soon as you like." Upon this, a light would certainly have ensued, if Heggarty and Sweeny had not interfered between the two fiery Celts. Peace, however, was soon concluded, and ratified between all parties by a hearty shake of the hand, and a lusty swig at a bottle of rum they had brougltt with them from Queanbeyan to cheer them 011 their way. On they trudged, until they reached the Red Hill, at the edge of the forest- land, and near where a curve in the Queanbeyan River sweeps round by the Canberra road. The moon, in her "third quarter, was rising, and her slanting rays cast "the shadows of the tall trees far out 011 the plain. The nighi wind was rising too, and was beginning to moan among the tree tops with a rushing hissing sound, like the wail of distant falling waters. Martin Sweeny was deeply immersed in the doggerel numbers of the " Sham van Vaugh whilst, ever and anon, his three noisy confreres joined in chorus with stentorian effect — " Oh ! Jack .Sweeny had an ass," sang Sweeny, " And he'd lei 110 one pass, Unless they went to Mass, Says the Shan van Yauglt. And he'd let no one pass, Unless they went to " Och ! number ! Och ! inurther ! what's that on the hill bevant ?'' whined Sweeny, pulling up suddenly in the middle of his song. " What thing? Martin, alannah whispered O' I oole, whose teeth were already beginning to chatter. " Och ! thin ; and don't you see the woman wid the great white wings: standing on the crown of the Red Hill beyant?" answered Sweeny, whose courage was last oozing out at his finger ends. The dreadful apparition soon became ap parent to the whole of the party, and then ensued a droll scene, truly. O'Toole and Sweeny began appealing to all the saints from Pialigo to Skibbereen, and as they were too drunk, and too frightened also, to support themselves (unaided) in a kneeling posture, they sank down by the side of a horse that Heggarty had brought from iiome. Sweeny clasped the horse round one of his hind le-rs, whilst O'Toole possessed himself of a fore Ie", and in this ludicrous attitude, although, m point of fact, they were invoking the protec tion ot the saints, a passer-by would have thought that they were addressing their pious petitions to Heggarty Void horse. While Sweeny and O'Toole were seeking spiritual assistance, in their moment of supreme terror and " tightness,'-' O'Lynn and Heggarty were addressing themselves to the spirituous potency of the runt bottle; thus, as it were, ' matching one spirit', against the other.'- Now. it appears that there is -upQtjtition existing among the peasantry in remote parts of the south of Ireland to the effect that if a person is placed in a reversed position on a horse's back — that is, with the person's face turned towards the horse's tail— they will be enabled to distinguish a ghost more dearly. Heggarty had heard of this superstition, and begged of O'Lynn, as being the least fearful of the party, to test the matter in this somewhat novel way. After several ineffectual attempts to mount, Bryan (with Heggarty's assistance) managed to scramble on the old horse's back. " Och ! Bryan, asthore, and what do ye see?" whined O'Toole, as he looked up from his devout position at the foot of the ancient knacker. " Shure, tell us, alannah, whether it is a raal live ghosth you see ? " "Och? murthcr, inurther, but it is, boys !" cried Bryan, in great trepidation, as he hastily endeavoured to dismount ; but, missing his hold of the horse, he fell heavily on Sweeny, who was slill clinging abjectedly to the horse's hind leg ; and, in falling, he struck out with one of his legs, and knocked poor O'Toole over also ; thus, in skittle phrase, " taking the double," as it were. O'Toole and Sweeny soon scrambled to their feet again, however, and took after Heggarty, who was making tracks for Queanbeyan as fast as his legs could carry him. Bryan O'Lynn lay in the middle of the road where he had fallen, until morn ing — for what, with his heavy potations, and his severe fall, he was completely stunned, and the rising sun was glinting through the trees when he regained consciousness again. The news of the ghost adventure soon spread round about Canberra and the adjoining neighbourhood, which gave rise to another ludicrous feature in the affair. A young woman, it would seem, whose parents were re siding at Canberra, was in service at Quean beyan, and had received permission from her mistress to visit Iter parents for a day or two. She, too, had left Queanbeyan late in the evening, and was ascending the Red Hill just as Heggarty and his friends hove in sight. The wind, we have said, was rising with the moon, and the girl had lifted the skirt of her dress over Iter head ; and she, being a stal wart wench, as she stood statue-like on the hillside with her skirt expanded by the wind, gave rise to Sweeney's idea of the " woman with the great wings." The young woman remained an amused spectator of the grotesque actions of the farmers until O'Lynn's fall from the horse, and the ludicrous and ignominious flight of his three boosey friends, and then, laughingly, proceeded on. her homeward journey. Many years have , elapsed since the episode of the Red Hill. The "Winged Spectre" still resides in her natal district — Queanbeyan— and is now a staid matron, sur rounded by a numerous band of what O'Toole would term gossoons, and she and the writer have indulged in many a hearty laugh when j recalling the amusing incidents" contained in this brief but truthful narrative. Heggarty and the other three ghost-sects have not yet " gone over to the majority," but are still' in the land of the living, though verging closely on the alloted span — the oft- quoted "three score and ten." O'Toole and Sweeny still hold to the bona fides of the ghost adventure — the veritable spectre's truthful version of the i affair, notwithstanding, and often when ; " The Hatfield beads in the brimming jugs, i As the shandygaff goes round," O'Toole takes it upon himself to describe the peculiar brimstonian tint of the spectre's wing feathers. O'Lynn and Heggarty, cn the other hand, are not quite so credulous in the matter. At times (when sober, more especially), they are inclined to accept the natural solution of the subject, but after imbibing a few "long sleevers," they lean somewhat towards the supernatural aspect of the affair. The four old cronies are often solicited to recount their thrilling ghost adventure by neighbouring waggish spalpeens, who have attained to the dignity of whiskers since the far- off Autumn night when Heggarty's old horse served as an observatory for O'Lynn, and a shrine for the devout Sweeny and the pious O'Toole. But the four old gray beards fight shy of the sub ject, and more than once have asked their young friends to let the matter drop. Such being the case, 1 think we, too, reader, should comply with their wishes, and say no more about the fair sprite of bonny Duntroon. 