fastoral-llpntltttraL FOREST COIiSERVAlfCY. With ever increasing force Time is rudely dispelling the popular belief that the colonies possess an inexhaustible supply of timber. Canada is feeling the effect of the demands that have been made upon her for. the pine, which is so largely used in the United Kingdom. Mahogany and rosewood are yearly becoming more difficult to obtain, and naval authorities have been alarmed at the prospect of a comparative failure of the supply of teak for ship-building purposes. That the timber supply of the Australian colonies may be seriously impaired at no distant date is an unpalatable fact that can no longer be overlooked. Cedar, for instance, has already become so scarce in the south that, to keep up the supply of it, large demands are made on this colony. In connection with the care and management of reserves the subject of forest conservation must not be neglected. In Queensland very little has been done to preserve valuable timber trees from alter destruction, or to form a system of management by which the supply of useful timber of all kinds may be maintained. That our sylvan wealth is great and varied is well known. In fineness of grain, beauty of appearance, strength, and durability many of our trees cannot be surpassed. A great many of native growth furnish wood highly valuable for cabinet making and coach- building purposes, while the uses of stringy-bark, iron-bark, black-butt, &c.;, are well known. In no case is the proverb that 'familiarity breeds contempt ' more potently illus trated than in our treatment of growing timber. The trees are so common, and appear to be so numerous, that no care is considered necessary. In a very short time, moreover, the supply of use ful trees near towns fails. The constant demand for firewood and fencing pro duces a continuous destruction of the trees which furnish these. First the giants of the forest are felled ; and then splitters and timber cutters, rather than be at the trouble of going a little farther into the forest for proper sorts, cut down small sized trees. Complete destruction is thus produced- As settlement pro gresses and population increases, this ? process will increase in volume and rapidity. .In these circumstances the apathy of the community amounts almost to a fatality, else would the Government be constrained to display a more practical evidence of their con sciousness of responsibility in this matter. Doubtless they possess a sense of duty, but a most important question is how can they best discharge it. With regard to it there has been a good deal of theorising. A suggestion has been made to the effect that a Forest Board should be formed, which should make the preservation of existing forests, and the formation of others their peculiar care. Such a department of the State exists to a slight extent already, and the Crown Lands Ranger is understood to look after the interests of the public in the matter. Still it is thought we might have more immediate and active supervision. It must be apparent, how- 1 ever, that to make it of much practical j utility would necessitate the maintenance of a very large stafL Our domain is so wide ihat a small staff would be lost in it, and the revenue from timber is so small thai the appointment of a large one could n.it now be entertained. Such a Board mia't .ict upon a system of con servati.m ihat, however limited, might tend to the initiation of a more perfect one. In the meantime the re serves in reach of settlement, and that are likely to be imprudently and carelessly intruded on, might be placed under the care of foresters, who should see that the privileges granted timber cutters were not abused. A great deal of wanton destruction might thus be prevented. Permission should be granted to cut only certain trees for fire wood. Those fitted for building and cabinet-making purposes should not be taken for such a purpose. Only licensed timber-getters should be allowed to fell them. The Board might also do some thing to prevent the deplorable waste that follows ring-barking. One cannot drive through country in which only the ghosts of tall and stately trees stand without feeling sad; and the feeling is not removed by the thought that the timber is of value for many use ful purposes. In clearing scrub land, also, a like extravagant waste goes on. Trees, whose timber would be prized in the workshops of Europe, are piled together, and reduced to ashes. Much waste takes place because of want ot knowledge. Selectors do not know the value of the trees they destroy. Their object is to get the land cleared, and put it under crop or cattle as quickly as possible, and the quickest means of enabling them to do this seems the best Fire costs nothing, and makes a clean job. 'A Forest Board might be the .means of disseminating useful informa tion regarding the trees worth preserving. If a selector knew that the tree he had marked for the axe would, if the timber it yielded could be placed in the market, be worth money, he would be loth to cut it down. Many good boles would, in such circumstances, be left unharmed. Popular information is also desirable in regard to the uses to which Australian timber may be put At our colonial exhibitions specimens of our native woods 'have been on view, butof their merits and qualities the little that is known is - confined to a limited number of people. Special knowledge is to be sought for many reasons. Not only would it have an excellent effect in stopping the wanton waste that is now a general subject of complaint, but it would lead selectors to form better views in many cases of the value of their property. The felling of trees and manufacture of timber is an important industry in one district of the colony, and if proper care be taken it may become so in others. - We have not yet arrived at a proper estimate of the worth of our woodland wealth, and a Forest Board by gaining accurate and reliable information upon the subject might render important public service. In the meantime this matter of forest conserva tion is in the hands of the land owners and selectors. With them rests the power of obviating the waste that how goes on. Too, often we are afraid they forget that what they do in setting fire to some tree of majestic proportions, can not be undone in one generation at least. ' Woodman, spare that tree ' is an invocation uncalled for in our circum stances by sentiment, but neglect of it may have such important effects on the future of the colony that we hope it will not be altogether forgotten. 