'Cfjurcfj ftfctos : English and Foreign. 'see of newcastle. The London Gazette contains an Order in Council 'declaring 'that the Bishopric of Newcastle is founded. The dioceSe comprises the county of Northumber land and the counties of the towns of Newcastle and Berwick, and also the ancient common-law parish of Alston, with its chapelries, in the county ';of Cumberland. The parish church of St. Nicholas, Newcastle, is to he the cathedral church. Tiie Bev. Ernest Roland Wilberforce, canon of Winchester and sub-almoner to the Queen, has been nominated the first Bishop of the newly-founded see of Newcastle-on-Tyne. He is a younger ..son of thelate Right Rev/Samuel Wilberforce, successive ly Bishop of Oxford and of Winchester, by his marriage with Emily, elder daughter and heiress of the late Rev. John Sargent, of Lavington House, near Betworth, Sussex. The Bishop-elect was born about the year 1842, and was educated at Exeter College, Oxford, where he took his Bachelor's de gree in 1864, and proceeded M.A. in due course. truro cathedral. At a meeting held at Truro on a recent Tuesday, afternoon it was reported that the subscriptions to wards the new Cornish Cathedral amounted to up wards of 50,000?., of which 41,000?. had been paid. Out of this amount the sum of 10,600?. has been paid for land for the site, and rather more than 7000?. has been expended on the building. The Bishop of Truro mentioned at the meeting that a conditional subscription of 1000?. had been promised towards the building of the south porch, and that in all probability the conditions would be complied with. Mrs. Gtbbs, the widow of the gentleman who spent 30,000?. on the embellishment of Keble Col lege Chapel, (and who gave £150 to the Perth (P.) Orphanage,) has purchased the advowson of Otter- bourne to hand over to the trustees of the College. Otterbourne formed part of Hursley parish in Keble's time, and the duty was often taken by Keble's great friend, Dr. Moberly, then head-master of Winchester College, now Bishop of Salisbury. home for female inebriates. The Sixth Annual Meeting of the St. James's Home for Eemale Inebriates, Kennington Park, S.E., was held in May (by permission of the Rev. Canon Eleming) at St. Michael's Schools, Buckingham Palace Road. The Earl of Shaftesbury presided, supported by Canons Fleming and Boyd- Carpenter, Rev. Dr. May, Messrs. S. Morley, M.P., G. Chance, Denny, Mark Knowles, and others. The Report — which was read by Mr. Zierenberg, Hon. Secretary — stated that during the past year nearly 85 per cent, of reclamations of inebriates had been effected by the Home There had been 451 distinct applications for admission, besides very many calls for aid made by females reduced through drink to destitution. The gentlemen above-named all spoke warmly on behalf of the object of the meeting. Mr. Chance, as Police- Magistrate of Lambeth, bore his personal testimony to the practical efficiency of the Home, saying that some of the worst drunkards who were constantly being charged before him had, since their sojourn there, become respectable. The noble chairman, in acknowledging the usual vote of thanks, repeated his advocacy of the Home, which he himself habitually visits ; and endorsed the ap peals of previous speakers for its increased support, so that a pressing debt which had gathered in spite of the large disbursements of the Foundress might be extinguished, and the operations of the Home enlarged. incorporated church building- society. Last May the Annual General Court of this Corporation was held in the National Society's Room, Broad Sanctuary, Westminster. The Arch bishop of Canterbury was in the chair, and among those present were the Bishop of Winchester, the Bishop of Carlisle, the Bishop of Truro, the Earl of Powis, Earl Nelson, the Rev. R. T. Davidson, the Rev. Canon E. Clarke, and Messrs. J. G. Hubbard, M.P., and J. G. Talbot, M.P. Pere Hyacinthe, who has lately been delivering addresses on ' Catho lic Reform ' at St. Leonards and Brighton, entered the room during Earl Nelson's speech, but was obliged to leave shortly afterwards. Letters re gretting unavoidable absence had been received from fifteen bishops, and from Sir John St. Aubyn, M.P., and Colonel the Hon. W. W. Clivc, M.P. Tiie income raised d uring the past year was 8397?., being an increase on that of the year before of nearlj 500?. The number of applications for aid within the period under review had been 125. Grants were made for the building of 31 additional churches, nine towards the rebuilding of existing churches, and 67 towards enlarging or increasing the accom modation in existing churches, making a total of 107\. Since the Society's formation in 1818, it had received 8C80 applications for aid, and had made 7L17 grants towards the erection of 1893 additional churches and chapels, and the improvement of ac commodation in 5224 existing ones. By these means 1,727,870 additional sittings were proposed to be provided, of which three fourths were to be free The total grants amounted to nearly 900,000?., of which, however, 112,529?. represented cancelled grants. The further expenditure on the part of the public was estimated at 11,067,866?. the church and the mayors of devizes. The Devizes Gaze??? states that Mr. Keeling wasre- cently confirmed by Bishop Tozer acting for the Bishop of Salisbury. He is the second Mayor of Devizes whom the Rector has succeeded in winning over to the Church, and who has been confirmed within the past five years. Sunday Openings of Museums. In the House of Commons yesterday week a re solution in favour of the opening of museums and picture-galleries on Sunday was moved by Mr. G. Howard, and seconded by Mr. Burt. Mr. Broadhurst objected to the motion from a labouring point of view. If these places were open ed from six to ten on week-days quite sufficient fa cilities would be provided. The openings of these places would enormously increase Sunday labour, and he appealed to that Parliament which did not confer the Sabbath not to take it away. Mr. Mundella opposed the motions, and it was lost by 208 to 83. In one of the few debates which have been allow ed to interrupt the progress. of Irish legislation the Sunday Question has once more been discussed in the House of Commons, with the very satisfactory result that the resolution in favour of opening the National Museums, and Picture Galleries on the weekly rest-day was negatived by a large majority. Much emphasis was wisely laid by the op ponents of the resolution upon the absence of any trustworthy evidence that the working classes really desire the change nominally agitated for on their be half, and Mr. Mundella, speaking for the Govern ment, proclaimed his conviction that legislation such as was asked for would never be granted until it was clearly shown that the country wished for it. Although this is a far lower ground than is taken by the advocates of the maintenance of the status quo, it carried considerable weight, and the Sunday League party were utterly defeated. rochester diocesan conference. The Bishop of Rochester speaking in St. Saviour's Church Southwark said — ' If we meet to-day in a quarter of London, second only to "Westminster for the wealth of its historical interest, the sacred chamber in which we conduct our discussions may suitably remind us of the un broken continuity of the Church of which we are members, both in the faith for which she contends, the duties which she is set to discharge, and the conflicts in which we pray the Captain of her Salva tion to make her victorious. On the exact spot where this chair is placed to-day, Stephen Gardiner, bishop of Winchester, sitting in his own Consistory Court, tried in the month of January, 1555, for a heresy of which we may all be glad to be found guilty — and not, I fear, with too much mildness and justice — the Reformers of blessed memory, Rogers, Hooper, and Saunders, and condemned them, and they were burned with fire. At the back of the choir, under that handsome marble tomb, sleeps all that is mortal of Lancelot Andrewes, successively Chaplain to Queen Elizabeth, Yicar of St. Giles', Cripplegate, Residentiary Prebendary of St. Paul's, Head of Pembroke College, Cambridge, Dean of Westminster, Bishop of Chichester, Ely, and Win chester. He lived in the reigns of four sovereigns, and enjoyed the favour of three, was master of six ancient languages, and, as it is affirmed in the at tractive book, Southtoark and its Story, of fifteen modern ones. He was as devout as he was erudite, as humorous as he was bountiful. Almost within a year of the issuing of the Revised Version, it may not be uninteresting for us to remember that An drewes was a member of the learned body which prepared the Version now in use, his share being the Pentateuch, and other books of the Old Testa ment, from Joshua to the First Book of Chronicles. Those to whom the Church owes a debt for their task just done, with such prodigious and conscien tious labour, will be the first to recognize that in their own revision of a confessedly unexampled ver sion, " other men laboured, and they entered into their labours." It is also interesting to remember that in Southwark, in the year 1536, the first entire Bible produced in the English language, and printed and published in England, saw the light. It was "imprinted in Southwark for James Nycolson," under the care and patronage of St. Thomas's Hos pital ' So time goes on ; and the Church in this as in other matters has to learn not to count herself to , have apprehended perfection, but ever to follow on cheerfully and humbly after it. If our task is grand, just because of its unapproachable ideal, sometimes even provoking despair, because the more resolutely we try to grasp it, the more wide and deep it seems to grow, well— from the day that the artist is satis fied with his efforts dates his degeneracy ; when our own task seems either understood or finished, let others snatch it from our hands ' When the Bishop of Lincoln bravely asks for 50,000 ?. for the one town of Nottingham, and the Bishop of Gloucester and Bristol, with a like intre pidity, invites an equivalent sum for the city of Bristol alone (and both are rapidly getting what they ask), the Bishop of Rochester does not require to be pardoned if he asks for 50,000?. to meet the growing and melancholy necessities of South and South-East London. My deep hope is that the manifest activity of our Nonconformist fellow-coun try men may not put to shame the languid sympathies of English Churchmen : 1 am content to confess be forehand, that I have no answer ready for the pun gent inquiry as to ten churches, " What are they among so many?" — except, indeed, this, "Let us secure these first." ' The Rochester Diocesan Chronicle, about which I expressed a wish in my address at the last meeting of the Conference, has been brought into existence by the wise intervention of the Diocesan Society,, f and some copies are placed here to be at your dis posal. The Archdeacon of Rochester has it under his editorial supervision, and I shall be glad if it. meets with support. We will lose no pains to make it deserving of it, both from the laity and the clergy of the diocese. Liverpool, Lichfield, and Durham, have all preceded us in the matter. The only dif ficulty is the expense ' Let us trust in our Master. Let us be gener ous, tolerant, kindly, and courteous with our breth ren. Let us try to bear each other's burdens, and deserve each other's esteem. Let us be slow to con demn, patient to consider, willing to wait, eager to pray. If sometimes we see openings, which, could we keep them, would let in air, and light, and sun from heaven, let us also remember that it will be simply useless to spring at them, for the mere ex citement of novelty in our duty, unless we will hum bly resolve to be perfectly surrendered to Christ. In the week (before Whitsuntide) in which the Apostles waited for Pentecost, we, too, will wait,, whether laymen or clergymen, for the Pentecostal blessing, which was neither exhausted nor completed on the firsG Whit Sunday ; and while we know that- Christ cannot fill us beyond the actual measure of our spiritual capacity, be assured that He will widen and deepen it for all who deserve it by faith,, devotion, and the Cross.' united states. Infant baptism has fallen into grievous neglect" among the Presbyterians. ' In the whole Presby terian Church the infant baptisms for a year average about three and a half infants to each minister.' Moreover, as to adult baptisms, ' the official record is that they foot up about half as many as those of infants. Talmage has the largest membership in the denomination, numbering 2471, yet among all this- army there were only forty-nine infants baptized in the Tabernacle.' To such an extent has the theory of ' sensible conversion ' taken possession of the- Denominations, that infant baptism is practically abolished. But the neglect is most noteworthy in; the Presbyterians, for they nominally adhere to standards which say that ' by the right use of this- ordinance the grace promised is not only offered, but really exhibited and conferred by the Holy Ghost, to such (whether of age or infants) as that grace belongeth uhto, according to the counsel of God's own will, in PLis appointed time ;' and, again,, that it is ' a great sin to neglect His ordinance.' germany. Bishop Reinkens has sent a congratulatorv let ter to Count Campello at Rome. The Old Catholic, congregation at Bonn is especially flourishing; it has much increased in numbers during the past year.. During the winter a course of five lectures was pro vided; the first by Bishop Reinkens, on his visit with Bishop Herzog to England ; the second and third by Professor Knoodt, on the ' Development or"- the Papacy in the first four centuries, and its con tinued development in later times ; ' the fourth by Professor Birlinger ; aud the fifth by Pfarrer Dem- mel, on ' Christianity and Nationality.' The serious work of holiday-making, favoured by exceptionally fine weather, has been carried forward with zest in every part of the country, and in some cases the Whitsun week has been appropriately chosen for the celebration of events closely connect ed with the higher forms of social pleasure and im provement. At Leicester on Whit-Monday the Prince and Princess of Wales took the 'chief part in the ceremony of opening one of those great parks which are being provided for the people in nearly all our f great provincial towns; and on Thursday many eminent men assembled at Birmingham to commem orate the opening of the new Reference Library, built to replace the library destroyed by fire a few years since. Such proceedings form a pleasant con trast to the demoralising and disgraceful scenes reported in connexion with the Derby Day, includ ing, we regret to see, in the way of sequelae what are the unfailing attendants of moral as of physical disease, two cases at least of painful suicide and horrible murder. marriage with a deceased wipe's sister. The following letter, on marriage with a deceas ed wife's sister, has been written by Cardinal Man ning : — 'Archbishop's House, May 10. — To the Very Eev. Conon Gilbert, D.D., Vicar- General of the (E.C.) Archdiocese of Westminster. — Eev. and dear Vicar- General. Some years ago the bishops laid b|ef ore Lord Chelmsford's Commission on the Mar riage Laws, certain points on which modification would be desirable. One was for some provision by which the marriage with a deceased wife's sister, after a dispensation form the Holy See had been obtaiued might be legalised. These words of ours have been quoted by the promoters of such marriages as favour able to their views. Nothing was farther from the intention of the bishops. 1. The law of the Catholic Church forbids and annuls the marriage with a de ceased wife's sister. 2. The law of England on this point is to this moment Catholic, and supports the discipline of the Church. 3. The Holy Seecan alone dispense in such cases, and it never dispenses, ex cept (a) rarely (b) with reluctance, and (c) for grave reasons and to avoid greater evils. 4. To abolish the law which prohibits such marriages woulld have the effect of throwing open as lawful to every body that liberty which in few, rare, and exceptional cases, is reluctantly given to avoid greater evils. 5. And this throwing open of the civil law would en courage and multiply such marriages, in direct op position to the discipline of the Catholic Church, and to the grave and dangerous disturbance of do mestic life. Better far is it that a few cases should still suffer a legal hardship than that the home life of our own commonwealth should be seriously en dangered. I trust that all Catholics in either House of Parliament will vote firmly and always against such a change in the statute law. You may use this letter to satisfy any doubts as to the subject of it. Believe me, always yours faithfully, Henry Edward, Cardinal Archbishop. ' — Times, May 22. 