T H U INSURANCE € 0 X - SP1BACY CASE. _SUPREME COURT—CRIMINAL SITTINGS. THIS DAY. tBefore His Honor Mr. Justice Boacaut and a Jury.] TUESDAT, MAY 2. Before the case against James Barter, Bentham Paynter Morrison, and Otto Du Barry, for conspiring to defraud the Australian Alliance Assurance Company of the sum of £5,000, -was called on, Mr. l>owner rose and asked that the trial might be postponed till the next sittings. He made an application on an affidavit by H. W. Varley, maiiaging clerk for Messrs. H. E. & H. F. Downer, in which it was ^set out that in March l defendants were committed for trial; a few days previously Wm. Hicks, Jas. Barker, Wm. Forsyth, and Thos. Bobt. Horton were committed for trial on two charges; and recently Jas. Barker and Thos. Bobt. Horton had been convicted of the offence for which they were tried. The Court had been crowded during the hearing of the case; verbatim reports of the proceedings were taken; and published in the daily papers, several editions being issued almost hourly during the hearing, which lasted for eight days. After the trial leading articles had appeared in each of the two leading papers, in one of which the following paragraph -appeared: — " We find Barker—whose plain duty it was, if he had acted honestly before, to liave informed the Society at this stage of all the facts—taking a cottage at Brighton to receive the living ghost in which-the partnership first speculated. ... . The last scene at length came. Weatherhead, with ice in each hand and in his month, grinned-his parting recognition to Hicks, whom he hated and despised as thoroughly as he seems to have liked Barker - a convenient certificate was obtained from a pliable physician, attributing the death to a three months' phthisis; £23 was spent upon a decent funeral; Mr. Littlewood, the landlord, earned his ..ten shillings by following the • dear defunct;] the telegraph went to work again, and notice of death was given to the Society on the part of Forsyth as assignee of the policy." In the_ other leading article it was stated that— "This is the greatest and most remarkable criminal case that has ever occupied the attention of the Supreme Court of South Australia, considering the \- protracted nature of the trial, the position of the parties concerned, the magnitude of the issues involved, the many months occupied in the elaJ^oration and carrying out of the crime, and the many extraordinary incidents marlring the course of the conspiracy. -We have-had murder cases in which there was a terrible interest, but that was more evanescent, and the attention of frequenters of the Court and the public generally was not so sustained as in this instance by variety of circumstance,-startling^ events, dramatic positions of the actors in the affair, ingenuity of plot, striking tableaux, and occasional passages of comedy. There were not wanting either in this affair some touches of the horrible, especially-in the last moments of the poor "wretch 'Weatherhead, when, -the power of articulation haying left him for ever, ne favoured with a ' grin of recognition' his vile confederate Hicks, on whem be had previously bestowed so many curses and lavished such foul epithets. ^No other cause ceUbre in South Australia has ever occupied so large a space in people's minds and daily conversation as this has. The revelations in the Police Court of the fraud created a great sensation, but public interest, renewed by the flight of one conspirator, and the attempted escape of another, naturally quickened as the trial drew near, and culminated when the prime mover in the gigantic swindle became approver, and betrayed his fellow-criminals. Since then the details of the conspiracy case have filled the newspapers, and have formed the chief topicsof discourse in public and private, in railway trains, at the breakfast table, and wherever two er three people, whether, young or old, are gathered together. The names of Weatherhead, Hicks, Forsyth, Barker, and Horton have become unpleasantly notorious, but still as familiar as household words, and probably there are no names or events in ancient or Mern history concerning which our State scholars, whether boys or girls, could sustain a close examination so triumphantly as they could with regard to the actors and incidents in this strange drama. . . . Hicks conceived the idea of a wholesale system of fraudulent insurance; Barker brought the first subject for the daring experiment, in the person of Weatherhead, and the gang made the most of him. He was almost 'too good' for - the purpose, for there was danger of his dying so soon that suspicion would be aroused. About three years previously Weatherhead had been in the hospital for pneumonia. Within nine months of the time when he was proposed for insurance he had been in the Hospital, the Convalescent Home, and the Destitute Asylum, and had been declared by several medical men who had attended him to be suffering from incurable phthisis, from which he must soon die. He was emaciated almost to the condition of mere -skin and bone, almost constantly coughing, spitting blood and mucous matter, in nearly-the last extremity of weakness, and death was written in his face so plainly that no skilled doctor was needed to read it. This man was seen and examined by Dr. Horton, and pronounced sound, healthy, and in all respects a first-class life. Barker, who had known him for six years, gave a friend's report to the same effect. Hicks, after becoming acquainted with Weatherhead, dictated a similar report, which was filled in and signed by a person who has not been arraigned for the offence, but has acknowledged it in evidence. The conspirators insured Weatherhead in the Australian Mutual Provident Society for £3,000, and in the Australian Alliance Co. for £5,000." The offence charged was intimately connected with the charge on which the conviction had been gained, and the Jury was composed of residents in the city and the suburbs, and so much prejudice prevailed among the class of people of whom the Jury was composed that the prisoners -would not have a fair Mr. Downer quoted Eeg. v. Bolan 2, Moody and Bobinson 192, and urged thai the Jury empannelled consisted almost entirely of persons living in Adelaide, where the excitement was greatest; and it ; might be that they had been in attendance daring the whole of the previous case perhaps had conversation with tne Jury, and would most likely be influenced more particularly by the verdict at which the other Jury had arrived. Then as to the question of prejudice, the public mind had been inflamed by the numerous reports that had appeared in the daily papers. The proceedings in the Police Court were analagous to those before the Coroner's' Jury. Baron Park in the case he had cited had. commented strongly as to the impropriety' of publishing the -evidence, and had said that the Moprietors were liable to be indicted for publishing :it. .The newspapers had published every scrap of information, and it must of necessity have excited the public mind with respect to the proceedings ; now under investigation. Then portraits had been published of all the defendants but Dr. Morrison, and comments on the course of the procedure clearly had reference to the future as. well as the past. The articles referred to Weatherhead as being a mere ghost taken to Brighton for the purpose of lingering on for a short time to cart; out their designs. That appeared in Saturday's paper, and referred to the proceedings coming on, because one part spoke of the conspiracy . to insure in the Mutual Provident for £3,000, and the Australian Alliance for £5,000. The newspapers said that the man Weatherhead was a living ghost whom no doctors could reasonably pass, thus pronouncing an opinion to prejudice the public mind and the J ury against his client. They also alluded to the affair as a " gigantic swindle," and to the defendants as a "gang" of con •pirators. The article which did this was cleverly written, and brought the facts out dramatically, . and in such a way that he felt itj was utterly impossible for the Jury to calmly and dispassionately give their verdict on the evidence alone. The papers, too, had also said oue of the defendants had endeavoured to escape, and the affidavit showed that even the school children would be better able to pass an examination in the alleged doings ot Hicks jind Barker, and their co- conspirators than in the heroes of antiquity or of modern history. He asked for the case to be postponed. Mr. Pater said he had no objection to offer to the postponement asked for as he apprehended that the date of. the punishment of his client would begin from the. first day of the sittings. Mr. Degenhardt said nothing had appeared in the papers likely to.prejudice the interests of his client Du Barry, and lie was quite willing to let the case go on. . .Mr,.Mann trusted;His.Honor would not make the order requested. .The application in the case of Begma v. Bolam was the only solitary instance -mentioned in the :Iaw books, and, as Baron Parke had .said, ..it .ought (in.no case , to be regarded as a precedent. In the case of Regina v, Bolam the .papers.referred .to .Bolam as a murderer before the trial, whereas all that had been done in this case by the papers was reporting the evidence and commenting fairly, enough on the verdict which.had been given in a previous case. Surely the summing-up of His Honor, the counsels' speeches, and the solemn verdict of the Jury, would have far more weight on.the public mind and on possible.Jurors than .mere newspaper comments. There was absolutely ;nothing in the comments .made as to Dr. Morrison; and His Honor of course would ,not forget .that the public and possible -Jurors .had a right to .be invCourt during the previous trial. The cost of an adjournment would he a serious .one, as witnesses had "been brought at very serious expense, and if -this case were postponed till next sessions it would be equally fair that the third case should he postponed till the sessions after next. And was this to be done because a young gentleman named V'arley said that in his opinion the public .mind was so prejudiced that Br. Morrison would .not now get a fair trial. He did not know whether this was the Mr. .Varley who was.so active in the last .ease. He believed he was a deck in Messrs. Downerfe office, and this of itself was a circumstance which led him to remark that in the xaae of Regina .v. Bolam one of the principals in tfee case made the affidavit, and not a mere .dark in his .office. And it might be interesting to know that Mr. Varley had recently returned Aa the colony, and was least likely of all people to be a good jeage as to the alleged influenced state of public ieeiing in reference to this «ase. Itaould ngi he pretended that the public excitement was such that the Jury -could not do their du4y solemnly. Mr. Downer said that, although Dr. Morrison might not be referred to by name, the newspapers said Katn that. lVAflthllrTlMjl Weatherhead was nmo a A living livinn ghost. nliADt SuMly this eras -condemning the doctor who |essed Km. They also referred to the insurance of £5fi00, which was the sun dealt with in this case. As to Mr. Varley, he might say be was managing clerk to Messrs. Downer, and an attorney of that Court, nd that, therefore, it was not disrespectful to tbe ourt that he should make the affidavit. He a*ked His Honor, if tie had a doubt, to give thedefeadants the benefit of it, and postpone tbe trial. His Honor said tbe question of -expense, though n important one no doubt, was insignificant comared to doing justice to the defendants, and it did ot weigh with him at all in this case. Tbe other efendants, Barker and DuBarry, did not seriously ppose the trial at present; therefore, practically, he request for an adjournment was made only on ehalf of Dr. Morrison. The Crown Solicitor had ade some very proper remarks in reference to Mr. Varley having made tbe affidavit, as the ourt had a right to expect that the attorney n the case, and not his mnjiaging clerk, should uake the affidavit. He would postpone the hearing f the case if he thought Dr. Morrison would not therwise get a fair trial; but he did not think so or a moment. He did not know the circumstances f the pictures, though they might be a serious ffence. It would have been better in the other apers if the very able writers there had been a little ore particular to exclude from public attenon tbe possibility of covering Dr Morson. He noticed that Dr. Morrison's i ame was studiously excluded, and that there were i othing more than fair comments on the case tried; a ut it was to be regretted that some of these might b e applied to cases still to be tried. He did not b eheye tbe public feeling vggjd in the remotest a degree prejudice Dr. Morrison, and he would there- | fore refuse Mr. Downer's application. I Mr. Pater asked His Honor that Barker, who had [ pleaded not guilty in this case, might be allowed, 1 under clause 309 of the Criminal Law Consolidation Act, 38, 1876, to hand in his plea in reference to the result of the last case. The clause was as follows:— " Under any plea of autrefois convict or of autrefoi i acquit it shall be sufficient for the accused to allege i that he had been law fully convicted .and acquitted, as the case may be, or the said evidence charged in the information, without specifying tbe time or place of last previovs conviction or acquittal." His Honor said the plea could be handed in as a matter of right. The plea was handed in, and signed by Mr. Pater as Barker's counsel. It' alleged that the offence now charged was the same one as he had been previously convicted for. Mr. Mann said Barker must withdraw liis previous plea of not guilty before the Court could receive this plea that he had been "lawfully convicted" of a conspiracy, which was the same as the present charge. His Honor—The Crown Solicitor is right The plea of not guilty is inconsistent with the plea just handed in. The point had not escaped my attention. \- - - - - Mr. Mann—Nor ours. Bnt we must have a little time to say whether we will join-issue. _ His Honor—You could not have have had an intimation of this, and have now a right to time to say whether you will traverse (he plea or "confess. Mr. Pater—They must reply, or they can abandon the prosecution. The Crown Solicitor appeared to' hint just bow that he would do so. Mr. Mann—Not at alL The present issue has not previously been raised. y -l His Honor—What I propose to say is, that the Crown propose to traverse this plea. It wfll have to go to the Jury, and will take a preliminary trial. The whole circumstances may have to be gone into. This is a pure question of law, and'the question will be whether this alleged conspiracy so merges into the other as to be one. I will allow Mr. Pater a special case on it. Mr. Pater—Then I will not waste the time of the Court and the Jury by appearing further in this case. I readily agree to this, so that my elient may have the benefit of your Honor's notes in reference to the evidence of Hicks. The conspiracy is described as a wholesale swindle, and therefore the acts c&nnot; be taken as separate offences. His Honor—The Crown say there are three separate conspiracies, and that the defendants may be liable in each. Mr. Mann—That is precisely so. Mr. Pater—I will point out that the newspapers Tefer to the swindle as one on a wholesale scale and an tT system. His Honor—I will reserve a case, Mr. Pater, "as to whether I should direct the Jury on Hicks's evidence, that they should return a verdict for the -defendant/>n the plea just handed in, " Mr. Pater—Also on the evidence of the documents. His Honor—I will say " on the evidence generally." I Mr, Pater and Mr. Idnklater then withdrew from the case, and left the Court.] The charge against the defendants was then read to the Jury. The Crown Solicitor (Hon. C. Mann, Q.C.) with Mr. J. H. Symon and Mr. Moore appeared for the prosecution; Mr. H.E. Downer with Mr. C. C. Kingston for Dr. Morrison ; and Mr. De- -genhardtior DuBarry. Mr. Mann intimated that he did not propose, to offer any evidence against Hicks, and a verdict of •notguilty was entered against him. "Witnesses were ordered out of Court, an exception bong made in favour of Mr. GWynne. Mr.. Mann applied that Detective Dnnlevie might re- -miin in Court, bnt His Honor did not grant the -ajrolication. . Mr. Mann then opened the case for the prosecution more briefly than in the previous cases, and evidence was being called when we went to press.' (Left sitting.) 