SAM'S sweetheart; BY HELEN B. MATHERS, ® of "Gown1 Thro' the Bte," "Ohebby Ripe," etc, , BOOK IV. — L/Etitia. Chapter VII. ? man, you've shaped a weed for me, Among your summer flowers ! \- ow, 1 win shape another for you, Among the winter showers.' cipw LranBome had fallen in love with her i and thrown herself heart and soul into hoihinoBLet8-' Fortunately, there was dnna a cl&l; to undo where Nature had macb— the grand simplicity of the finest ?an ®ight pass muster as the London y16 1"1 tbe boat company in «onwii- u -n aunt found thai in talk nf 5. invariably led persons to attention themselves, instead of turning oold erse 8116 knew that Letty than aSo! P0?111" e® something more teed in»« and kave as many middle- aged lovers as young ones.. i&solennc; had something of the I loolifih y?» ®he had none of its and on Id though dressed in mourning, £»££? 6660 « or her aunt's the gaS?' d torcady triumphantly run »ooL i» EngUnd06 J idge' of — fteehnma and mtnnlnaea that bad 'OMblebeaaKeBl2iS|th V"8 conree of tame effect ?ra?isel "> now saw her „„i, ® fashion who robust hRftUSi am8 in them those more ""toete that were etifled " boudoir, h. ®Aock tea, dispensed in nouaotrs by women who pnUed their red thriM,MhS,dareli8iSnBl,8f' th«y disgraced xh«rthem- »&" But a girl who jvould face you in the olear MtiJkin ?lth0"t u flaw or fleck on her Mtm skin— who might be found walking ??innve- 8 COllle 1x1 th0park at eight oWWhV orn,og. with a colour on her rW« St not hP06 »» beauty the of her hair— a woman, too, of unex emotionable birth who had barely escaped being a very great lady, only to be probablv ne' herself, and Mrs". lTansome s niece, was she not sufficient to Satarday evening reoeption at of?S!T6f .e- ® interesting than one session? p fcl0al dmnerB of the autumn It was just the time of year when town becomes as suddenly full as it is suddenly emptied agam within a few days of Christmas, and everybody that one knows is to be met with at some time or other of the day in Bona street, or at the play. And very soon the lovely Lsetitia's name became pretty well aired In club ranks, and gradually degenerated into the abbreviation that was clearly her fate whether she became a great ady or no. 4 The lovely Tishy,' so she was called in every club-room of note, by more than one man who sighed for, but was not rich enough to buy her. As yet Tishy had kept olear of entangle ments, for in the easy, luxurious routine of her new life the heart is never needed or the wooer missed. Even the senses do not assert themselves when bo amply satisfied, and moreover she was a slave just then to a passion that invariably beats love out of the field — millinery. Linrey-wolsey is capable of so few variations ; and Letty had never fully realised her own beauty, or how certain combinations might throw fresh lightB upon it, as when in private she was fitted with this and that, till gradually she dwindled from black to a lAvender, and thence to the pure white that became her magnificent colouring best. Mrs. Transome felt her own youth and beauty renewed in the girl, as she filled the part of high priestess at these ceremonies, and lopged to repeat her own brilliant suc cess in life without loss of time. It was entirely owing to her finesse that Letty had hitherto been kept so free of lovers. The round table that was filled nightly at Transome House might hold the most successful men, the finest judges of beauty in England, but no young men, how ever eligible, were admitted, and Letty's value was tripled by the impossibility of approach ing her. But on New Year's Day it happened that Letty being absorbed in the contemplation of herself in a gold-coloured tissue that somehow seemed to have oaught the reflection of her hair, felt a sharp, sudden prick of memory, and crying out, ' It is a month and a day, and ho will be waiting for me,' wrung her hands and burst out crying, to the utter rout and confusion of Mrs. Mason's yonng lady and Mrs. Transome. The latter motioned the woman away, then oame slowly back to Letty, with anger and surprise on her haughty face. 'And pray who is Bobbie?' Bhe said, with withering contempt. 1 promised to marry him,' said Letty, with' tears splashing down on her exquisite bare neok, 'but I'd forgotten all about it, and he'll be waiting for me now in the Bpinney.' Hitherto, Mrs. Transome had not said a syllable to her niece of her views. But now she said, bending on Letty a look before which she quailed : < It is not certain yet that Guy Trefusis is dead, or, for that matter, tha this cousin John is, who may have a dozen children for all we know, but your first duty is to him, and when we are sure that he is dead, we can deal with — Bobbie.' But I love him,' said Tishy, pale and wild, to the confusion of harmony between herself and the gold tissue that hung half on and half off her ravishing figure ; and he loves me— he actually swore at me because he was afraid I should throw him over !' Mrs. Transome shuddered. She was so accustomed to see well-bred men behaving in all respects as head botler's to their wives' es tablishments, without daring to question their proceedings, or do more than minister to their entire comfort. 'And is Bobbie a — oostermonger?' ehe said, closing her eyes as at a painful sensa tion. ' He is in the Rifles,' said Letty, drying her eyes on one of those gossamer handker chiefs to which she had become as easily accustomed as to the machiney of the life of a great lady. ' We were brought up together as babies, and we have always loved one another. I only accepted Guy because I thought it was my duty to my family.' ' I ought to have taken you in hand ten years ago,' said Mrs. Transome drily, ' but your promise to Bobbie can only be re? deemed after we have received positive con- firmabon of Goy'e death, and now if von please, we will go on with your fitting ' And in point of fact, while Letty dried her eyes and adjusted a lace tucker, Bobbie was waiting for her in the spinney adjoining the SiIith0Ut an idea but that hp?fLfhid 0Dly 8<? 3own Iate overnight, and was not yet risen, and the deaf old djsinehned for gossip, and he lwd not been to town nor in the park once since he went away, so knew nothing of LeUys translation to a more aristocratic The grey church yonder wasshut— there was no wedding to-day, andm 1 1 i. d U here soon; but as twelve struck I » obie's heart sank, and he thought that; ois care lessness of time did not augur on her part eager love. How often lately he had thought that he had been rough with her that dark November night, and perhaps he had turned her love ttomxixm, or there was somebody else The houghs overhead were laced with finest, snowiest filigree — it was a new and glorified spinney compared with that dripping, sodden one in which he had found Tishy sobbing her heart out for love of somebody who assuredly was not Guy. J Was that a step on the snow behind him ? He turned, and clasped in his arms, not Tishy, but Cynthia. Why did they wear the same shape of cloak and hood ? Why were they of the same height, and at a distance exactly alike, though Cynthia was plain and Tishy lovely ? . Tishy is away,' said Cynthia, ignoring his mistake; 'did you not know it? I only came out here by chance, for I thought you must have seen her in town, or that she had written to you.' 1 She is in London ?' shouted Bobbie. ' Yes, with Mrs. Transome — perhaps you have met our aunt there ?' ' Who has not ?' said Bobbie fiercely, the greatest untitled lady in town, who lives but for ambition and to marry her debutantes well. . . Letty will come back to you as fine a lady as her aunt, if ever she comes back at all.' She iB altered,' said Cynthia in a subdued voice that matohed her sad looks. ' She doeB hot write us half such hearty and loving letters as she did— somehow— she seems to have got out of tune with us, and we with her.' Their faces were to the coppice, their ears against the wind, they had not heard the steps approaching over the snow behind them, and started violently as a voice said, hesita tingly: Letty V So for the second time within five minutes she was to play her sister's ugly double, she thought, as she turned to come faoe to face with Guy Trefusis. Gaunt, haggard, he looked less like a bride groom than a Lazarus newly risen from the dead, and Bobbie, who had drawn back, felt less and less respect for Letty's taste as he regarded his rival, and more and more satisfaction with himself. Letty is in London,' said Cynthia, repeating her lesson bravely. « She did not expeot you. We thought you were dead.' ' I have been in trouble,' said Guy, with some flitting sense of surprise at the salkiness of the figure (that he supposed to be Cynthia's lover) in the foreground, 'but I did all on earth that a man could do to be here in time ' . 'And you are just too late, sir,' said Bobbie, advancing, ' for Miss Trefusis promised that if you were not here in time to keep your part of the bargain, ehe would marry me.1 I offer you my best congratulations,' said Guy bowing low, and, turning on his heel, left Cynthia and the young man together. Chapter VIII. culdru see heryellow b o\vd and pearlstba, -v c r? t \ bonn iemill-dams Ai n J-tiie If the remote Devonshire? i ti agp in which Guy found him m had bien & seaboard parish and owned a port, he would have chartered a ship and gladly sailed tbat very hour for Australia, but asit was, he caught a train back to town, and, more from habit than inclination, strolled into the Rag and Famish in search of dinner. A few men were there, recalled to town from dull country-houses by apochryphal home news 03 death and disaster, and one or two of them looked up at the haggard, handsome man in his grey clothes, who seemed to have forgotteD how to order a dinner. He looked istlessly at a paper, then threw it i j wn , en i plunging his hand into his pocket, p u l r rcnta curious- looking dooument, with wa x hearts dangling, that he mechanically tore into pieces, the stubborn paper wrestling With his strong fingers, but at last overcome by them. A man at the table hard by chuckled, and thought how cheap that special marriage licence, which was not used, would come in the end; but Guy was wondering with what ceremonies an aborigine maiden soffered herself to be wed — even if it were possible to catch her. How hot the room was, though in mid winter — how stifling the air, how had he ever put up with it without disgust in the days before he went kangaroo hunting with Carruthers ? He got up abruptly and went ®eetlD8 011 the very threshold a man \- y everybody. hut every- lEvJ sinees, and who started back at ghost. GUy 88 th0Ugh he had he ?!odi?d beBaid» 110 ore meaning to Ypbe,?UiL an is any other man when he is frightened into recollection of his 'hy' we thought you were dead, return ' Tishy know of ' favely said Guy, haughtily. nha« 188 Tr?fU818'' fiaid fch0 gOSSip, With Lm6 of faont. 'She s with her aunt in Grosvenor Square, you know — Mrs. Tran- some-1 was just going there, and I may congratulate you on marrying the most beautiful woman m town . ' 'Where are the others?' said Guv thinking aloud after his brusque way, not improved on by savage experience. 'You to6 ii8?1?8 to Mra- Transome's to-night? Well, take me with you, and you shall see how Miss Trefusis welcomes me.' r8 a are ' Bad too other man, glancing at Guy's dress. 8 s « Oh ! my clothes are at the Bristol,' said Goy, carelessly. ' I only arrived at daybreak, and am off again to-morrow if I can ge a ship— so I've unpacked nothing.' | Have you seen this evening's papers?' said the other. ' If not, you had better turn in and have a look at them. You will find something that concerns you.' Guy Trefusis shrugged his shoulders. ' I shall be gone by to-morrow thiB time, he said. ' What on earth does it matter what twaddle the papers talk about me?' But this is fact,' said the other, drily. Look in the obituary, and you will .find your namesake.' The young fellow turned wearily think ing of Yuntha, not the newspapers. He took the journal that his friend thrust into his hand, and read down the list of details mechanically, till a filbert nail pointed impatiently to a couple of lines that Guy read aloud : On the fourteenth of September, at Sydney, Australia, John Trefusis, twelfth Earl of Thor, aged forty-five.' On the fourteenth cf September, at the verj time when be was recklessly beating the bush for Yuntha, and counting time by the settler's clock to know if he might be home in time to save his faith and honour for Tishy. ... ' I will go with you,' he said carelessly. ' I have nothing to do to-night, and to-morrow .1 go abroad.' ( His old acquaintance, as they turned into the street side by side, understood better why the divine Tishy's exquisite bloom had never faded for the loss of her absent or missing lover, and admired her the more sincerely in his soul, for he thought a beautiful woman wasted on an unappreoiative spouse was as true an object of pity as any poor animal in whose aid an efficient board sometimes interfered, too late. 'When yon have dressed,' Baid Guy's cicerone, airily, we will walk ronnd, and you will have a few moments alone with the fair Trefnsi8.' 'Is there any party there to-night?' said Guy, stopping short. ' A party on New Year's evening ? My dear fellow,' Baid Major de Carteret in amazement, 'why, there is not a living soul in town; it was out of compliment to yourself, I believe, that Mrs. Transome and Miss Trefusis remained for Christmas. And on second thoughts I won't go with yon. I should be de trop. See you to-morrow, old man' — and, waving his hand gaily, he left Gny on the steps of the Bristol and passed on. Now at tbat very moment Mrs. Transome took up an evening paper and saw the announcement that Major de Carteret had ehown Guy. j She gave a little shriek, and called Tishy, who came with thoughts full of Bobbie, and none for Guy. ' It's a pity that lover of yours ever went out to Australia,' said Mrs. Transome, in a dissatisfied tone. ' Yon will never do better — the accumulations of moiiey since John Trefusis's disappearance must be something enormous. And his place in Cornwall is one of the most magnificent in England.' ' Perhaps he may come back again after all,' said Letty, listlessly. ' And if he does, you will marry him,' said Mrs. Transome, quietly. 'I told Bobbie sc,' said the girl, Bitting down opposite her aunt. ' I said that if Guy came back, and would not release me from my promise, I should marry him.' ' You would ask him to release you?' said her aunt, sitting erect and horror-struck. ' Why, you mu6t be mad to think of such a thing. Of course, you must hold him to his bargain, until you are oertain of securing something better 1' ' But I promised Bobbie, said Tishy, who, after forgetting the young man for a whole three weeks,- seemed all at once possessed by him, to Mrs. Transome's amazement, and the threatened confusion of all her plans. ' And, pray, did Guy Trefusis know any thing of your little agreement with — Bobbie ? said her aunt, pronouncing the obnoxious name gingerly. ' No,' said Tishy. ' How should he ? It was made after he left.' ' And if he returns, you mean io tell him of it?' said Mrs. Transome, with cold contempt. « Now, promise me one thing she added, « or from to-night I will concern myself no further with yourself- and prospects — that if Lord Thor returns you will leave me to deal with him. You can run away to your room — though into his arms would be better— or faint, or go into hysterics, but you are not to say one syllable till I have spoken.' 'J promise,' said Tisby, feeling certain that she would never be called upon to redeem it ; and as she spoke the butler entered with a note for his mistress. 'From Major de Carteret, ma'am,' he said, as he withdrew. So the amusing old gossip would not call this evening, Tishy thought, as she restlessly left her chair and moved slowly down tha exquisite rooms, to which she had become as used as to the shabby parsonage, with its rags and general destitution. u e®> toe thought, as she caught sight of herself m the mirror as she passed, her heart might be Bobbie's, but her tastes, her birth inclined her to this life of luxury, in which she had no need to even think, but was asked only to look lovely, and be herself. MrB. Transome had insisted on the girl's putting on a white satin gown that evening and had herself braided her hair with pearls and diamonds, and the men-servants who had waited at table afterwards gave it as their opinion below-stairs that if ever a bridegroom was to be pitied for being too late for his wed ding, that man was Captain Trefusis. But when the item of news that Mrs. Transome had already discovered met the butler's eye in his own special paper, he slapped bis side, and swore that, of the two,j he thought the bride was far more to be pitied than the bride groom. « She couldn't have done better,' he said, unoonsciously echoing his mistress, ' and she might do a deal worse, and I've heard a word dropped of some low pauper fellow who's been hanging about her in the countiy.' Mrs Transome would never permit that, said the housekeeper; 'it's my belief she means to adopt Miss Letty, and leave her her fortune.' The butler rose with an outraged air as the drawingroom bell rang, but was astounded to find his mistress in the hall, and with some signs of unusnal excitement on her haughty features. ' Saunders,' she said, I expect the Earl of Thor here almost immediately — you will toow him into the library, and on no account permit Miss Trefusis to know he is here or come downstairs till I rend for her.' 'Very good, ma'am,' said the trained servant, without a shade of surprise. You expect no one else to-night, I believe, ma'am ?® ' Major de Cartaret may possibly call, but you will admit no one else,' then reaseended to the drawingroom, where Letty was still wandering about full of a suppressed excite ment that would not permit her to sit still. Was that a ring?' she said, starting violently as a faint echo reached her ear ; 4 it is too late for him to come to-night, is it not?' she added wistfully. ' Are you expecting your bucolic admirer ? said Mrs. Transome, calmly. f Yon may be sure of one thing, that he will not see you if he pomes !' And with the coldest look she had ever yet given her niece, Mrs. Transome rose and left the room. Chapter IX. ' If I had kent what I ken now, That love it was sae ill to win_ I should ne'er hae wet my cherry cheek For ony man or woman's son. When the library door opened, Guy, who had expected to see Letty, drew back a step at the sight of the tall, still beautiful woman, who was well known in society as the most heartless matchmaker in town. Mrs. Transome had not expected to see so handsome a young man, or so haggard a one, and despised the perversity of Letty's taste for Bobbie as she advanced with outstretched hand, saying : We had almost given yon up — but better late than never !' Guy took her hand under protest, and wondered how much Tishy had taken her aunt into her confidence, or how little. 4 1 reached Lymn at half-past twelve to day,' he said, taking with me a special mar riage licence, as I knew it was not possible to get there by noon, but I found myself entirely unexpected, and the field in posses sion of a man who -informed me that Miss Letty Trefusis had given him the refusal of her hand, if I should arrive too late for the marriage.' ' I have heard of him,' said Mrs. Transome, negligently, as Bhe leaned back in her chair, and yawned slightly; 'a eountry bumpkin whom Letty was too kind-hearted to treat as he deserved, and who gave himself aire in consequence. The beBt proof of her contempt of him is that Bhe was not even there to redeem her supposed promise.' 4 Nor to keep her engagement with me ? said Guy, sternly. 4 1 came throngh a hundred difficulties and sacrifices,' he added, bitterly, 'to keep faith with her, yet she could not even wait to aee if I broke it, bat rusted into a fresh compact without delay. If you had seen her crying passionately this morning,' said Mrs. Transome, 4 as I did, you would not be so bitter against her. She thought that you had forgotten her— for Ehe never believed that you were dead — and only a moment before yon came here to-night,' j:-: . ' "The Weekly Times" have I "Otoria. ris of Publishing this novel in added Mrs. Transome deliberate, 1 we were apeaking of yon. At this tnoment site does not know that yon ate here,' and-ehe rose. as though to ring the belL ' Stay,' said Gay, and his agitation gave Mrs. Transome the clue to Letty's in difference, 1 let me tell yon first that If my honour hinds me to your niece, my heart is given elsewhere, and that, both on her side and mine, ours will be but a loveless match.' Ton should have taken all nthis into con sideration before your wedding day,' said Mrs. Transome 'haughtily, 4 and, as a man of honour, you will fulfil your part of the compact if my niece is willing to perform hers. It seems to me that yourown unfaith fulness has condoned any. harmless flirtation of hears with the young man you saw this morning, but tbis will be a matter for you to settle between yourselves.' Guy stood as one turned to stone. He saw Ynntha retreating, TiShy thrust into his unwilling arms. His soul revolted at the thought, his flesh recoiled from the lovely Devonshire milkmaid, and clove to the slender shape, in its tattered green leaves, hat he had sought for with such desperate onging. .... I will send her to you,' said Mrs. Tran some rising, and without further word, left him alone ; but the minutes passed, and a half hour had been chimed out in silvern onguef rom the clock on the chimney-piece when the door opened, and beautiful Lettyj n her satin gown and hair braided with pearls, stood before him. Chapter X. Keep on, keep on your k&inis;,' he said, 4 You needua tak' them fraeyour head,' Then down he loot his cloutae fa', And he red gowd shone owre him a'.' He thought of Yuntha, and she of Bobbie . . . than in the natural way that made even her premeditated actions appear acci dental, she held up her face for him to kiss her. A bridegroom could do no less than kiss his bride on her wedding-day, and chivalry bent Guy's lips to the girl's cheek, but made him recoil from the round whits arm that touched his shoulder . . . Where had he learned such tricks? In town or from or country lover? Ignore everything except that he is back n time,' had been the lesson Mrs. Tran some had drilled into her niece during the past half hour. 'As a man of honour, he cannot release you— as a woman of sense, you will decline to release him. Leave all details to me.' ' You look U, Guy,' stud Tishy, as she sat down opposite him full in the lamp's light, with some traces of anxiety on her own features that did net escape his intention. You have been fretting for me, Tishy ?' he said, brusquely, and with intention. We feared you were dead,' she said, play- ng with the fringes of her bodice, while he ooked at her with a heart cold as ice, wondering if this could be the rustic beauty n a cotton gown whose image he had taken with him to Australia. With the blackness of the old chair behind her, with the rich gloom beyond, out of which now and then showed in the firelight the sober gleam of a priceless picture, or the dull red and gold of a piece of tapestry, Tishy seemed to be as perfectly at one with her surroundings as when among the raspberry bushes, and in pity for her very poverty and courage, he had asked her to be his wife. ' And did your lover fear it, too ?' he said ; was it frdm the fear or the hope of my death that he was waiting for you in the spinney this morning ?' We have been playfellows ever since we were children,' said Tishy, negligently, as she put up one band to touch the jewels in her hair; 'and I made him a foolish sort of promise once, that if I did hot marry any body else I would marry him.' ' And you thought that was honourable to him — and me ?' said Guy, sternly, his moral sense keen from a recent coarse of training of which poor Tishy knew nothing. ' And since we have parted, you have said and done nothing that is not honourable towards yourself and me?' said Tishy, with spirit. He did not attempt to answer, though he heard her . . . For the first time Tishv realised as she looked at him that here was a man whom another woman might love as well as she loved Bobbie, and that faint cold instinct, less jealousy than intolerance of seeing her rights invaded, rouBed the cruelty that is latent in every woman's nature, and hardened her to make' him suffer for his unfaith. Only an hour ago her whole heart and soul had set in a swirl of love and regret towards her people and the man she loved . . . she had seemed to throw off the charm of the life she was leading, and see how much better and happier was that honest one she had forgotten ; but now she thought only of how powerfully she could benefit those lives st home without sharing them, while she put the thought of Bobbie by till later, when she would be alone. ' Have you fallen in love with a black woman?' she said, with a careless vivacity that fell on his mood of bitter earnest like a jarring discord. ' Well, I will forgive you — since I have been flirting a little too — and we will make a compact not to flirt any more till we are— married! ' He looked at her in wonder. Was this the honest country girl whose truth and straightforwardness had commanded bis respect? Was this mere acting, that he might not know how gallantly she was sacrificing her love and herself to help her father and the family ' Tishy,' he said, taking the hand that was so much more soft and beautiful than when be had held it last, ' there is plenty of money for us all — for you and your lover — and for those at home — why should you and I sacrifice our lives to a foolish promise V A foolish promise ?' said Tishy, slowly, ' I never looted upon it bb one. You asked me to be your wife, I have waited for you, and you are here.' How quick the weed of worldlincse had sprung up in her, thought Guy as he dropped her cold hand and turned aside. She had learned her lesson well above-stairs, and without dishonour he could not break the promise he had come so far and so painfully to keep. | ' You have told me nothing of year : adventures, ' said Tishy, who had sat down ' a \- i - — >Mi 1 11 ' X - again and taken up some scrap of lkoework that lay near, So yogtHid hot fall over the precipice after all, or did sorhe kind person pick you up at the bottom of it ?' ' Then you will not release me, Tishy?' he eaid, sternly, and as if she had not spoken. Ho,' she said, calmly ; ' our engagement is too publicly known, and your return will shortly be better known still. I oould not allow myself to be made the talk of the town even to oblige your — black person.' 6he was looking at him 'full with those bine eyes that were so nnlike Yuntha's as she spoke, and she saw how he winced under her allusion, and knew that she had by chance hit truth in the bull's-eye. 'But your eyes are red, Tishv,' he oried, and your satin gown ' and pearls do not become you as Weil as the cotton brock your brothers were not afraid to touch. You are sacrificing your happiness to ambition, and some day you will find out what a bitter, bad bargain yon have made.' For a moment Tishy's heari Sank — had not Bobbie told ber the same thing only the other day ? But the dim recesses of a mirror,- to which she lifted her eyes, told her another tale, and the thought of a different woman standing by Guy's side, as Countess of Thor, hardened her heart, and roused iu her that dogged determination that made a Trefusis bad to turn when once he had determined on his course. ' When you went away,' she said, slowly, 1 1 was not sure that I might not love yon in time — if you altered in some things — but, afterwards, quite lately, I found out that I loved somebody else. He loved me as you never did or could, and begged me to be his Wife, but I told him that 1 was bound by my promise to you, and stood firm to -it, and what a woman can do Barely a man may.' He hewed silently ; but if ever a proud man's heart went near to breaking, it was his n that moment. If Tishy had been the honest country girl then that she once was, she would have run to him, and cried out : ' Take back your promise — what is so dear to you is cheap to me !' But already her pride was stooping itself to her surroundings, and it was with a profound sense of relief that she heard the door open behind her, and turned to see Mrs. Transome entering, with Major de Carteret on her heels. ' I hope I don't intrude ?' said the lady, in her negligent way, as she approached. ' An, I see you are already acquainted,' she added to her companion, as the two men exchanged some sort <Jf greeting, ' Going to ride to-morrow, Miss Trefusis ?' said Major de Carteret, looking keenly from one to the other of the young people. ' My niece can neither be expected to keep old engagements now nor make fresh ones,' said Mrs. Transome, laying her hand on the girl's shoulder. 'Now that Lord Thor is here/ and she turned slightly towards the haggard, handsome young man, ' Miss Trefusis's time will, of course, be devoted to him.' 'And all the other young men — and oil ones like me — be left out in the cold !' said Major de Carteret, ruefully. 1 However, Thor and I are old friends, so perhaps he'll trust you to me sometimes.' ' No doubt,' said Mrs. Transome. 1 And now I fear I mtist be so unhospitable as to turn you both out, for it is late, and Miss Trefusis has had a trying day — that ends happily,' she added, smiling coldly at Guy as she gave him her hand. 4 Good-bye, then, till to-morrow.' ' Good-night,' said Tishy, first to one man, then to the other, and without a shade of difference in her voice and glance at either, passing Guy as he held the door open for her with no more sign than if he had been her footman. ' Tell you what it is, my boy,' said the elder man, as he buttoned up his great-coat on the doorstep, ' it's quite certain that you will make the handsomest pair in the town, and I'm hanged if I don't believe you'll be the best bred. By the way, I think yon talked of going abroad again immediately. Why don't you ? It is quite the fashion for engaged people not to see much of each other after their wedding-day is even fixed. And you may be quite certain' of Mrs. Transome taking very good care of her, unless a duke proposes, and then I don't think you wonld have much chance. Ta-ta, old man ; see you to-morrow.' (to be continued.) 