EUSTACE HOPKINS: HIS FRIENDS AND FOES. IICTHOCS RIGHTS KESEBVED.] y (Continued.) Br W. B. WITHERS, ^RRHOE OP "THE HISTOEY OF BALLARAT." Bot -it was practical *-ithal, and he soon began to rercrt to the personal essay he about to mike in rcral life in thiE new world of Australia, new vi&ions; of early fruition of his long-cherished hopes of wedded happiness quickened his rfeolves in relation to the securing of desirable country for settlement. Und -r the influence oi these rapidly succeeding '.hiiiehts he put spars to his horse and haste i on his way to Melbourne, and ss soon as in- arrived there he visited the Lands Office of t'le Government, nui ascertained that a tract "f some thn-e thousand acres, including some of the richest -scrl in the locality, was avai'.aMe for s-ttlcinent at the spot he desired. Hat o-.c* t--. k the necessary steps to se.-ure the l-in i, an-1 1'.: the required .• t. This r r mr»e taken, as the p or non-co'uing of bis English friends vro-il.i not interfere with his owi: purpose of settlement, for that was a fix id refiilve. the O -i'c jn.e of fixed hates and passionate pref renews. If his friends did come out there wo'tM he a plait 1 for them to go to at once, eith-.-r for permanent settle- neat, eras a place wli.r.t" the your:£cr of the expected emijrr.-iiit^ conld ni:tke a ftr«!i departure. and if t'if>" W not coin- f'Ut, then he and Margaret " w-. :;!•! make thi-ir Im'i.-e «!i:nr, or. -perhaps. S iviie Mrs S:s'.lir « k .-.ml Fbn to come and live with them, so thtt the change might cot oppre*s Margaret wilh aser.se of ton great seclusion from the d.-li-hts of iiujiian c.:i.- panionship beyond that of h--r hnshani. whnn. for the rest, she could not have always by h- r side. Bit all speculation in what the home p> ople intended was set at rest by the arrival of letters from Lambource and Woodlands the w-ek following Eustace's return from Gipp»!anrl, inf jrmit'C Mircarct and Eustace ('nt all were onv r - J Australia except her elder in- other. Ma • "•» . ho wonld take the I.vriH-nirafe farm T h- alwut tn marry ii r y 'Jrvgory. the nrp.m niece of Hector of the Manor farm. Mary was a rat Mi r mature spinster, limitely and honest, rich in domestic accomplishments and in the priceless dowry cf a wise heart and good health, and she had also inspired Matthew Dewebnry with the profound belief that she v-as as beautiful as Ehe was good. The sale of th" tenancy-right, stock, and so forth, in the Woodlands farm would furnish Matthew with a start at Lambourne, advances to be luai'e liy Margaret and Eustace enabling the several sales and exchanges to be made without undue baste or inconvenience to the parties concerned. In the following summer the Hopkins and Dcn-sbnry families came out to Australia, and were met on board their ship by Eustace an.! Margaret, who had only waited their arrival in order to be made husband and wife. Eustace had already built a house on tie Gippsland selection, and whilst the other newcomers were taking a short rest after th?ir sea travel, John Dewsbury accompanied Enstace to tbe Woodlands, the name given by Margaret and Eustace to their new borne in Gippsland. Eustace took his cousin over the country round about, and pointed oat some vacant land close by which might be taken np, introduced him to the Foyles and Daolops, and had the satisfaction of hearin. John declare that he n«ver saw such splendii land in all his life before. The parents of both cousins were delighted with the climate, in whose bilmy air and mild teinperatnr.- they seemed to feel their yiuth renewed and to have promise of a long, fresh lease of life and Iv alth When the March month came, with its early aatnmn I:-hand shadows, and the metancholy tintings on the leaves and the grey hrown hue of hill and valley were relieved by the deeper sapphire of the heavens and the richer glories of sunrising and setting, the marriage of Eustace and Margaret was celebrated. Mr Russell, to whom the new-come immigrait* had been introduced, had long ago obraiiied a promise that he should give the bride away, and Mr Dewsbury very easily fell into the arrangement; and Mrs Russell, too, had declared that she must be permitted to give the wedding breakfast, or loncheon, as it might with more propriety be called, seeing that, as a rule, people are not married fasting, but that, as those who are going to be hanged are said to do, the; eat heartily before making the plunge from tbe old to the new, from the known to the unknown. So it was agreed that the wedding feast should be at tbe Enssells', where Eustace and Margaret had first met on Australian soil, and where they had spent so many happy hours, both alone and with their kind friends. Margaret's two pupils were to be her bridesmaids, and her brother John completed the marriage party, the ceremony being performed at St. James* Church, the incumbent of which was assisted by tbe clergyman who had united Eustace's frieuds, Gilbert and Alice, and had been with him through so much of the less joyous past. There are moments in life when the broom of sensibility is burdened with concentrated emotion, and the mind is gifted with a velocity of thought exceeding that of the daily routine of the mind's life—moments, too, when the objectively joyous has for its shadow a subjective sadness, almost tragic in its regretful intensity. A snatch of blitfag dance masic will at such a time fall npon the ear like an echo of sad memories melting the soul with swiftly- massed recollections of exultant hoars long since gone into the shadowy past, where lie a world of buried hopes and wasted energies and unsatisfied desires. Such a moment fell npon Eustace as he stood at the altar, and about to be united to his first and only love, a bliss the gods grant to none bat their choicest, favorites. Even in that crowning joy of all his long love there vas heard the low minor'wail which ever seems to accompany the most rapturons human delights. The Egyptian mummy is present at the most jocand of our feasting*, and the intensest light casts the deepest shadow. As he stood with Margaret -by his side, there swept put hjm a loojj line of shadows, the ghosts of departed friends. Some had gone in sharp short agonies of vio'euce; so-ne in the wasting pain of halting disease or fatal injuries; one in the serene longing of rapt unspeakable desire, her face bright with tne mystic glory of heaven's consummate light, transfiguring her from woman to angel. Swiftly flitted by the tragic scenes blent with the passions, the hopes, the joys, the tears that were a part of the drama. The vivid memories rushing op softened and hallowed the ardor of his heart, and fell like a solemn consecration npon tbe present, refining his lore and intensifying its life and devotion with the deepoearchmg thoughts that in that moment involved life, death, and the yearning faith that looked with earnest gass into tne awful abysses of the unknown. The few years that had passed since she had told her cousin she would be his wife, had only ripened Margaret's beauty, and given to it a diviner calm- Her splendid bead and perfect face were a study for'ao artist, but BOM bat the touch of highest genius could even faintly depict the chorions light of love that beamed from the liquid depths ' of her eyes, or the expression of dignify, and purity, and kindliness, which informed her whole face. The old love days of the Woodlands of the old world were not forgotten in the wedding .preparation in the new world. The regulation veil, and blossoms mimicking those of the orange, were hong about the rich masassof her dark brown hair; bot the ' bride - wore nothing bnt a pure white dress, \- and one red rose upon Tier bosom—her costame on the day when Enstaoe stood np in the fint Hall of Arraign and proclaimed hie innocence, and Margaret's soul answered to his soul and said—"I will be your wife, Eustace." And now ahe was made Ma wife for ever, for thair love was like that of little Alice, One and eternal with all that heatAa, or \- earth, or all the spheres hold of the deathleas, and the true, and the beaotifiiL A> soon a* they were for a moment alone Margaret, with a smile of love and joypna sense of possession, pat her arms ronnd Eustace's neck and said with much t mpli aw, "My husband." . u 'My true and honorable vile,'" he said, as he embraced tier. '"Am tong as yob both shall live,' the -aterayman said; bat my troth, Eustace.» an older and »lonjrerone than that. It goes fayond the chnrch s bond." . ••0 Margaret! tny love, my wife, iny heart Is as your heart.- The church's bond istrata oorporalrme; butyoaaremy wife TOUs IBs,« ttoojiht, or being lasts." "Yes, Sastace, that was the troth I pledged to you as we sat on the grass in the meadow^by tbe Lam. There is no divorce• for me from my husband. Oh, Eustace, I have often, to myself, used Paul's words applied to his indissoluble union with the Infinite. .Was it wrong " No, Margaret, if you have done as I, then I have married yon forever." " Even so, my husband;" and she bent her head npon bis bosom, and wept tears of love as pure as that of the angels in heaven. The wedding feast at the Knssells' was a right pleasant one, and Deter did heartier or truer wishes accompany bride and bridegroom than those which went with Margaret and Eustace as they left to spend their honeymoon near his old haunts in and around the Ballarat diggings, in Jn ling visits to Mrs Stan brook and Ben, and the picturesqu" country to the west which M .-aaret ha.l previously si>en oily »t a considerable distance. Thereafter the new-made husband and wife settled at the Woodlands, where Mr and Mrs Hopkins, senior, also resided, the Dewsburys having settled on land a few miles east of the Woodlands; the two homes, with that of the Dnnlops and Foyles, making a group of prosperous settlements. The number of the DunIop3 and the Jlopkinses increased in spite of years and the harvest of death, which garnered all the elders; and the Dewsburys also grew in number, though less slowly, for John refused to marry as long as tbe work of subduing the rougher features of the bush around was still uncompleted—a work of some few years of arduous but richly compensating toil. (ToU con-ihwii.) * 