SHetcbey. A SPECULATIVE SPIRIT. Now, to understand tho solemnity of this story you must boliovo that Hopkins was a man entirely without imagination — Frank Blair and I decided that whon wo first mado his acqnaintanco, years ago ; and havo nover changed our opinion. Wo wore then two young geniuses who hoped to soar to famo on tho wings of art, tho most imaginative art of all, figure painting : and wo know and were Elad to hail imaKihation whorovcr wo saw it. Besides, as Blair truly remarked, Hopkins was a man whose vocation it was to mako monoy, Bomehow, on tho Stock Ex change ; so ono might na woll look for imagin ation in a model engaged at a shilling an hour. Then again, tho man's face was suffi cient to assure you that ho was not blessed with flny such quality. It is a largo face, rather flabby and sprinkled with freckles ; tho nose is short and thick, and lip, chin, and cheeks, quite destituto of hair. Hopkin's body, too, is slmost inclined to corpulence j ho dresses in a commonplace manner, his lingers aro short and thick; so I think wo may safely settle, to start with, that Hopkins is a very ordinary man, and has no imagin ation. I scarcely remember how we first fore gathered with Hopkins. Ho was hardly tho man wo should havo chosen for an intimato friend; yet, at ono time, wo saw a good deal of him. In thoso jolly old days 1'rank and I lodged in modest rooms together and shared a studio. I think Mr. Lovi Solomon, tho picturo-dcalor, to whom, whon hardly pressed, we would sell a picture or two, brought him to us as a gentleman who desired a personal interviow. It was, ofcourse, against Solomon's secret wishes that tho introduction took place, as tho worthy Israolito did not approve of di rect transactions between artist and collector ; but Hopkins was doubtless a good customer and stood firm, so ono day Solomon con ducted him to our studio. Wo must havo been in funds at thatmoment.for I remember we treated poor Solomon rather cavalierly ; and as for Hopkins, wo looked upon him as a being from a lower sphoro ; a Philistine ; a creaturo whose prcsenco in tho world could only bo tolerated irom tne stern nccossity mat an artist must, sell his pictures so someone, in ordor to live. Our ideas of the grandeur and importance of the truo mission of art were very lofty in those days, especially if wo happened to havo a few pounds in our pockets. Hopkins, to us, was one of a class ofmonwho buy young artists' pictures, solely with a view of realising hundreds per cent.' oh tho invest ments when fame comes to the painter. However, whether from merconary inclina tions, or for tho many good qualities that adorned us, Hopkins took a great fancy to us and sought our society from' that day. Of course ho had tho usual commercial faults, and not a few defects of education; buthe had a great and proper reverence for genius, and delighted to do it homage — at least so wo understood the meaning of those little dinners ho gave us, at his own ohambers and various other places. As artists, after all, aro but mortal, and, when young and strug gling, not too highly fed, we accepted Hop kins's attentions in the spirit we fancied they wero meant, and, after a bit, toleratod him ; indeed, oven began to think he was a desir ablo acquaintance— so, moved by a feeling of gratitude for his civilities, only doubled tho market-prico of the pictures wo could at times induce him to buy. We enjoyed the dinners he gave us very IUUULL, UUll X Ulll auiU ILUpMUa «UJUJ»;u miuacii moro when wo wero kind enough to conde scend to invite him to spend an evening at our lodgings. He gave us Lafittc and choice cigars ; wo only placed pipes and whisky upon the table ; but then, as ho said, our rooms, if humble, were the abode of art, which he honored. Altogether Hopkins was not a bad sort, and thoso were merry old times. If Hopkins did not himself ' tako a loading part in tho conversation during these evemng entertainments, he was at' least, a capital listener; and, somehow, when Prank Blair and I, as was our wont, got into lively discus sions on things ill general, and art in particu lar, we had contracted tho habit of addressing our remarks to our guest, much in the same way that honorable members address their words to the Speaker. Hppluns would sit in the crazy armchair and listen with a sort of stolid impartiality, but rarely ventured to make a remark on his own account. Occa sionally I fancied his face during our talk would wear an expression of content, but should not liko to be rash enough to assert even that much. He would sit smoking his pipe or cigar, but the nearest approach ho made to entering into .the discussion was by giving an occasional grunt, Which might be eithor of approbation or condemnation, as thoso who heard chose lo construe it. Some times, for want of better amusement, Frank and I would join our. forces together, and chaff our friend unmercifully. Ho boro our sallies of wit very well, and seemed to like us none tho worse that wo made fun at his ex ponee. Yet there was little . fun in it, after all ; and we decided that, except to keep our hands in, it was soarcely .worth while to waste our fine passes on a man who was so unre sisting, and knew so little of fence. But one unlucky evening ho brought upon himself a regular onslaught. ?\Vc had been dilating upon tho charms of an artist's life, arid asserting its moral super iority to that of any trade, whon our friend Bighed deeply and said : 'Sometimes, do you know, I think had I learnt to draw when a boy, I mighthavo done something in your line. But now I am afraid it is too late.' Tho idea was so presumptuous that we felt it demanded instant and severe punishment, bo Frank said gently : ' My dear follow, you draw some thingB very nicely now, even without an artist's edu cation — cheques for instance.' I followed moro severely : ' Mr. Hopkins, allow mo to warn you against falling into the error of that general public which you so well represent, in think ing that the execution alone makes the artist. An artiBt, as I understand the word, must have many qualities besides manual dexterity. Ho must have, in addition, many of the gifts of the poet, and amongst them, that greatest gift of all, imagination. Now, you,' my dear sir, I am afraid aro not very great at that.' Poor Hopkins said nothing, evidently con vinced, by Frank's sarcasm, and my ponder ous arguments, that his case was a hopeless one. ' Do you ever dream?' asked Frank. ' Not very often,' replied Hopkins, ' only after curried lobster or crab, or something of that sort. I am a \ery sound Blooper.' ' Then you see, if you can't dream with out tho assistance of indigestible food, you can't imagine, and I, with every wish to en courage incipient talent, should advise you not to adopt tho professon of an artist.' ' Well, well,' said Hopkins, -'Lot us say no moro about it,' and ho sighed again. But wo wero not inclined' to let him off so easily, and went on in the same vein, till wo were weary, and tossed him and his aspirat ions about between ua liko a ball. Wo treat ed him vory badly, and ho must have been tho boat tempered, or the thiokeat Bkinued of men, to havo stood it without showing anger. .Tired at last of baiting our imperturbable friend wo turned to other topics. ' Soon Jones's now pioturo?' asked Frank. ' Yes. Don't oaro much for it,' I ronlied ; 'men shouldn't try to paint old subjects unless thoy can troat thorn in -n now mannor.' ' Woll, it must bo hard to Btriko out a now lino with Hamlot arid tho ghoat. I novor tried to paint n ghoBt, bo I don't lraow what I Bhould raako ot it.' ' I Bhall wait till 1^ eco ono, and thon offer ihandBflmotermBfo^afo^'flittings. I think lofo is somothing toi'bo-.dono with ghosts, but'itheyimust bo of ah original kind — not conventional, liko Jonca'8. ' ' Hang it ; no. They aro always tho samo — thinly painted, with Bomothing placed oon voniontly behind them, to show thoir trans paronoy. I wouldn't oaro to paint a ghost of that sort ; people only laugh at them : but I should liko to put that oreopy sensation on canvas — that feeling that somothing uncanny IB BDOUC. ' Woll, when Bomoono does soo a ghost, wo may got tho correct thing ; not till then.' 'Ghosts ain't vift'blo,' said Hopkins, solemnly ; 'but, for all that, thero aro ghosts.' A romark liko this from Hopkins was an ovont riot likely to be paased by, so wo cried in a breath : ' What do you know about ghosts ? Ever troubled with thorn ?' Ho took his pipo from his lips, and said quietly : 'If you young follows won't laugh too much, I don't mind telling you.' We promised the gravity of Solon, and Frank winked at mo in so barefaced a man ner, that anybody but our unobsorvant friend would have seen it, and at onco declined speaking. However, no misohiof was done; for in deep accents ho began : ' xou rememDcr ? ' Stop a bit,' I said ;' ' I can tell from the way tho story opens it is going to bo Home thing awful. Let us fill tho glasses first.' Wo did so. ' Now fire away, old follow, and don't, please, embellish your truthful tale with too many flowora of fancy.' Hopkins paused a little. '?Look here,' ho said, ' you won't montion this to anvbodv. as I should not liko tho ?peo- ple on tho Stock Exchange to hear of it. Thoy chaff so.' We vowed that wild horses should not rend tho terrible revelation from o(ir bosoms. Hopkins began again : 'You remember my late partner, poor old liobbott?' ' Never even heard of him,' interrupted Blair. ' Ah, to be sure. Before your time. Well, our firm was — indeed, is now — Bobbett, Hop kins and Company.' ' What businosa?' I asked with an air. of a cross-examining counsel. 'Stock-jobbers. Office, Capel Court,' said Hopkins, with a return to his usual bre vity. ? 'Exouso my interrupting your inloroBt ing tale,' said Frank, '? but what is a stock jobber 1 Something eminently respectable, honest, and lucrative, I havo no doubt. But what is it?' y Hopkins summed up his profession briefly, thus; 'You want to sell stack — anothor man wants to buy stock — you go to a broker— rho goes to a broker— both brokers go to a jobber, or dealer, which sounds nicer — your broker sells him tho stock, his broker buys it of him. That's a stock-jobber's business in a nut shell.' ' But as I am ignorant of all transactions in stock, I fail to see tho pull of it.' ' AVell, your broker sells it to mo for, say, ono hundred and twenty; tho other man's broker buys it for mo for, say, ono hundred and twenty-one ; and that's tho way we make our living.' ' That is a nice business,' said Blair, in tones of admiration ; ' so easy, just tho thing to suit you, I should think.' 'Don't listen to him,' I cried; 'go on with your tale.' Hopkins, not the least discomposed by tho interruptions, proceeded : ' Old Bobbott was my partner, and a capital partner he was — sharp as a needle, and bold as a lion, and always fail in his dealings be tween partner and partner. The only fault I had to find with him was that ho was a littlo too fond of speculating on his own account. I like host to lot people speculate through inc. It pays best in the long run, and you sleep ? much sounder when a rising or falling market don't make a difference of a thousand or so to you. But Bobbett couldn't keep out of it. The excitement was everything to him, and I must say ho was very clever ; seldom making a bad mistake. Ho gave all his time to it and had tho most marvellous way of picking up information before other people. I never knew, whom he got his tips, but when ho strolled into the office of a morning and said, ' Better sell or buy North British, Brighton As,' or what else it might bo, I knew he had heard something, and thero would boa move one way or another in the stocks he named. I tell you! used to get very frightened at iirst, especially wnen wo did mako losses ; but at each year's end I found the balance the right side, so, at last, I came to trust Bobbett implioitly — let him do juat as lip liked ; and if ho had told mo eonsols were going to drop to eighty, I, think I should .have believed him. Poor old Bobbett I' Hopkins.paused here. It might havo been from the. emotion caused by the recollection of tender commercial passages botween him self and the lamented Bobbott, but, if so, his face Baid nothing. Frank drew tho back of his liancl_across his eyes, and murmured : ' This is all very interesting — very pathetic, but whore's the promised ghost ?' Our stolid friend took no notice, but went on liko one commenoing a fresh chapter of a novel. ' One day my, partner told mo ho waa going to the north of England on somo private business. Thero was very little doing on the Exchange, at that time, or, I. am sure, no private business would havo called him away. ' Better not operate until my return,' he said, uui^oa juu uuitL xluii* 4liv- ^L .1. l/lllllit I**1, thing worth doing, or pick up any news; I will wire.1 'All right,' I Baid; 'pleasant journey to you.' .And bo ho wont out of tho office, never to roturn. Poor old Bobbott I' Hopkins seemed almost in tears, and we, who had never given him credit for such tender feelings, tempered our surprise with sympathy. ' Tho next day but one came a telegram — from John Bobbott, Crdssleigh-road Station. It contained these simple words, ' Sell thirty thousand Marthas.' I was thunderstruck : as I read it.' ' Wait a .minute,' said Blair ; ' you aro going beyond us again. What did he moan ? Were you slave-jobbers as well aa stock jobbers?' 'Wo call stocks by nicknames. Caledo nian Deferred are ' Claras,' Brighton Deferred are 'Berthas.' Northern As ' Noras,' so that Manchester and Dundees aro 'Marthas.1 ' ' I see,' said Blair ; ' what ingenuity 1 ' 'I was thunderstruck, I say; and as I read the telegram my first thought was, it must be a iorgery ; uui a secret wortt Known to us alone, put its authenticity beyond a doubt. Arid yet, in spito of my high opinion of Bpbbott's cleverness, I hesitated for some minutes.. I could see no possible reason to expect a fall in tho stock : named.1 Tho traffic return wasgood, and alai'go dividend wasnatur ally expected. All rails wero high, and all tho knowing peoplo said must go higher. Thero was lots of. public money for investment, and tho outside public dearly loves to buy on a rising market, and yet, with all these facts before me, I am proud to sdy I trusted my old partner, although 'it was with a heavy heart I followed his instructions. I sold at the best price I could got, and, just as I had placed the last live thousand, became aware of great excitement in tho market. .You will scarcely credit it, but telegrams came in, running so — ' Terrible accident on Manchester and Dundeo line. Two trains oomplotely wrecked. Fifty persons killed and wounded.' You must remember the collision. It waa an awful smash up, and nearly swamped tho dividend on tho deferred sharea for that half year. .. ,. ? ' As eoon aa the first excitement subsides I bogan to think o£ Bobbott. I know ho was Bomowhoro up that way, and, for tho moment, felt anxioua about him, and thon I laughed at my foara as I romomborod tho telegram I had rcooivoa a Bhort tinio bofore. He, at least, must bo all right, or ho could not havo sont mo that lino ; but what an artful old rascal — follow,' I moan — to manage to forestall ovory ono in tho intolligonoo ! Hp must havo sped to 'thoneareststation,de8pati)HodhismcB8agc,and perhaps bribed tho tolographist toVkoop back tho official nowa until I had time to complcto the transaction. However ho had managed, it was vory clover, and ought to bo a lot of monoy in our pookots, and thankful I was I had trusted him. 'I daresay you two, in your hearts, think this verv wrong, but it is diamond out dia mond on tho London Stock Exohango, I can toll you.' Frank and I made polito disclaimers, and as wo wero growing rather interested in this iniquitous exploit of Bobbott's, pressed Hop kins to go on without fear of wounding our susceptibilities. ' Of nnnran T wnH vnrv SO1TV for tllO 11001' people killed, but I could not help fooling as I went back to my ofl'ico that I liad dono a very good day's work. ' I won't closo,' I said 1 until Bobbett roturns. I should think, with thia transaction open, ho ia sure to got back to-morrow.' Even as I mado this resolution, a clerk put a telogram in my hand. It camo from somo railway official, and informed mo that John Bobbett had been- killed in tho amash, My surprise at tho first mcs3ago was nothing to what I felt now. It was ut terly incomprehensible — it was im osBiblo. How ' could Bobbett bo dead whon his telegram lay bofore me ? When he sent that ho must havo been alive, and what waa more, had all his wits about him. It was barely possible ho could have got any one else to send off the message, and died aftor from injuries. I waa greatly puzzled and alarmed, so decided that the best thing I could do to elucidate tno mystery, was to go myself to tho scene of the acoident, and as certain tho truth. I started by tho night mail, travelled all night, and early in tho morning, reached Crossleigh road, a little station of no importance. Tho accident had happened some miles further down the line, and when I reached the place, I waa conduct ed to a largo barn, which stood near the sido of tho railway ; and thoro laid out on the deal boards, I saw, Bide by side with many a ghastly object, the corpse of poor old Bobbett, mangled and battered almost beyond recog nition. After the emotion I felt at seeing my old partner in this state had subsided, a feeling of intense fear replaced it. I saw at ono glance, that, by no possibility, could ho have moved a foot after the accident, and as I stood wondoring, a doctor who was near me, said : ''He was more fortunate than many, his death was instantaneoua.' 'I obtained further particulars from tho people about, and learnt that his body had been extricated from the wreck of the car riagca, where it lay with about a ton of wood and iron on top of it. ' And yet I had his telogram, sent from Crossleigh Eoad, a station, as I told, you be fore, at least five miles from the scone of tho. collision, and I rSboivod that telegram nearly an hour before any news came of tho acci dent.' N Hopkins kriooked tho ashes out of his pipo, and was silont. The man's tale had boon told so- simply, so circumstantially, tho time and places stated so distinctly, and apparently truthfully, that Frank and I for themomont were unable to suggest any explanation. Hopkins replenished his pipe with tho air of one who has nothing -farther to say. At last I asked : ' But did you not enquire at the telegraph office?' ' Oh yes. But I hardly like to tell you the result o£ my enquiries, it seems so strange. I interviewed the man who worked the machine. I did not want to get a marvellous tale spread about, so waa vory cautious in my questions, enquiring what messages ho had sont off the day before. At first I could get nothing out of him, but I noticed, when I asked him whether he could remember any strange occur rence just before the accident, he acomed troubled, and hesitated a little ; so I pressed him further, and at last got thia statement from him. Some time, about an Hour no thinks, before ho hoard of the accidont down tho lino, ho was standing in the office with his back to tho firo, engaged in cracking nut8, eating apples, or somo other device that clerks with plenty of leisure employ -to while away the time, when ho felt a breath of cold air as if someone had entered and left tho outer door ajar. Ho turned round to remonstrate with tho careless intruder, and, to his sur prise, saw tho door was shut. As ho glanced round the room he heard tho familiar oliok, click, cliok, and ho was quito prepared to swear ho saw tho handle of the instrument working rapidly on its own account, and ovidently sending off a message somewhere. Ho waa ao taken aback, and, indeed, frightened, that for some moments ho could not move, and whon at last ho re covered himself sufficiently to spring for ward, tho movement of tho handlo had ceased, and the message, whatever it was, speeding to its destination. He was sure, from the short time it took in sending, tho message was one of very few words, and I need not say that, as telegraphy olerks aro unaccustomed to seeing their instruments worked by invisibles agency, he was vory much puzzled, but decided not to report- tho occur rence for fear his superiors should think; he had been drinking. I gave him a couploj of sovereigns, and begged him to say nothing about it. Afterwards I enquired at the other end, and found the message had been for warded in an ordinary way. So that in spite of my disbelief in anything supernatural, I could only come to ono conclusion.' 'It is vory strange,' said Frank. ' So you think- ? ' 'I think that poor old Bobbet's ghost flow at once to the telegraph-office, and managed to send off that important message to his bid partner and friend. Bobbott was a very clover man, and no doubt his ghost was cleverer than other people's ghosts.' ' So that in tho general confusion, it man aged to evade pursuit for a few moments?' Hopkins mado no reply. 'But,' I asked, 'havo you any reason for thinking that ; ghosts in general, or Bobbett's ghoat in particular, aro endued with a know ledge of the Morae alphabet ?' 'I have told you before,' said Hopkins, with crushing solemnity, ' that Bobbott was . a clover man, and knew most things.' ' Well, what about the what-d'yo-oall-oms — the young woman, tho Marthas?' asked Frank. ' I waited some days before I closed tho account, hoping that Bobbott might send mo instructions about them somehow, but, as I heard nothing from him, I bought them uaok at tori per cent, loss.' ' That, I suppose, means a satisfaatory cpn olusion, and you netted something ?' 'Thrco thousand pounds: It ought to havo been more, had I dared to wait ; for thoy fell fifteon before they stopped. Perhaps,' addei Hopkins, thoughtfully and regretfully, ' had I waited till then, Bobbott would ha* Bout mo a message to close.' Ho said this in such Borious Rood faith, that wo stared at ono another. When we re covered fr,om our astonishment, I asked : ' That profit, of courso, wont into the part nership account ?' 'Of courso it did, sir,' roplied Hopkins, almost angrily. ' After deduoting my travel ling expenses, I passed his sharo to his credit.' ' And I hope,' said Frank, with a solemn face, ' you paid tho company tho shilling for the telegraphio message, which Mr. Bobbett sent without their permission.' Hopkins roso with a manner almost digni fied. ? ' Mr. Blair,' ho said, ' Hub is tho ono sub ject I nover jest upon. I havo told you, in the simplest language, a strange, but. a, truo tale, and will now wish you good-night.' So saying, ho wont. Frank, rather huffed at his last wbrda, only shook hands with our doparting guest, but I conducted hin^dowristairs, and saw him out; As I oloscd tho door, I heard a tromendouu grunt; indeed, oo loud waa it, I thought it must ho a Bummona for ro-admittance. I opened tho door again, and, to my surpriso, saw Hopkins leaning against tho railings, with every musclo of his broad baok in motion. I was quitq^Iarme^d, and said hastily : ' Are you; ill, old fellow?' ? i.jy; Tho quivering motion ceased, and Hopkiiisi turned ;round 'and looked up' at me, 'and: liisi great fa'co, under tho lamplight,' waii empty, of! expreHsionasover., '. ',.,', ' ; 'No ; only tho recollection of thoBb things, I told you, alwaya upsots mo. Good night. Poor old Bobbett 1' ' Strango tale, Frank,' I Baid, when, having closed tho door on Hopkins's departing Bigh, wo Bottled down onco moro. ' Vory. Had anyono else but Hopkins told it, I shouldn't have beliovod a word of it ; but ho could no moro invent it than ho could paint my Alexander and Thais.' ' How do you account for it?' ' Can't account for it. Tho only explana tion I can boo is, that Bobbett, who must havo boon no end of a raBcal, laid some plan for wrecking tho trains, and arranged to havo the telegram sent off previously. But then ho waa in tho train, and waa smashed up him self, ao that won't do.' ' I have Been it asserted,' I Baid, ' in a book on spiritual influences, 'that a person dying, and thinking of someono at a distance, has been able to make a aort of resemblance of himself appear to that aomconc. Bob bett's thoughts, directly tho .smash camo, may havo turned to this ' one passion— spec- ulating, and acted somewhat in the same way.' 'Nonsonsel' said Frank; that won't hold water. I can't account for it.' ' Neither can I.' . And wo nover did. HopkinB declined to' talk any more upon tho subject, which, ho said, was a painful ono to him, so wo soon jeasou to tmnit aDouc n. And yet thero is ono thing that puzzles mo. Some years afterwards, I spoke about Hop kins and his peculiarities, or, rathor, lack of peculiarities, to a mutual friend, when, sud denly remembering his tale, I said : ' By-tho-byo, did you know his lato partner, Bobbott ?' ' Oh yes ; very well — sharp man ho was tool'' ' i ' Killed in a railway accidont, I believe ?' ' No ; ho died in his bed liko other people, and loft a lot of monoy behind him.' Now, this piece of information, coupled with tho recollection of Hopkins, as I saw him, leaning against tho railings outside tho front door, quivoriug with strange emotion, caused a feeling, of uneasiness in my mind, and sometimes now, in spite of his unmoaiir ing features and commonplaco demeanour, I ask myself, in confidonco : ' Were we wrong after all, and did Hopkins possess imagina tion?'- ' —(From All the Year. Round.) 