Serious Charge of Embezzlement* Atthe Water Police Court, yesterday, Arthur James Fawcett, late cashier in the Sydney office of th* Mutual Assurance Society of Victoria, was again brought forward on remand, charged with embezzling the Bum of iJ25 7s 4d, money belonging to that society. It appeared that in 'May last the prisoner neglected depositing, as was his duty, the amount slrQadv mentioned, out of a larger sum received from the travelling agent of the company, Mr. M'Aldon. Fawcett afterwards left the company's service, was arrested at Auckland by detective Eiley, and. brought back, to Sydney. He was undefended. The society was represented by Mr. Colquohoun. The case is etdll at hearing. From Mount Jfacdonald we learn by'telegraph that the Queen of the Mount crushing, which is now going morning vrtll probably give 2oz to the ton. It is alleged that personation to an enormous ?ex- tent was indulged in at the WeBt Sydney election. One individual has told one of the defeated candi dates that he voted no less than sixteen tunes, and it now appears that lie can't get paid for his dirtv work. Is there no way of putting a stop tofhis nefarious practice P The TTiftTna. ghost has been made a C.M.G. A seaman of the Orient, named Michael Callan, was to-day convicted of disobedience tit the Water Police Court, and sentenced to four weeks' imprisonment with hard labour. For offending against decency, Edward M'Donaldj cabman, was to-day fined 40s by Mr. Marsh, S.M. James Saintry, plasterer, was. to-day fined 10a by* Mr. Marsh, for stealing1 fruit from Mr. West. Kate Freeman, for usjnii profanela-agrimgein Cooli Park, was to-day fined .£5 at the Water Police Court. streets was to-day fined 30s by Sir. Dillon, or in de^ fault of payment ordered to go to gaol for Boveu days. Eva Shawl, rather a good looking and intelligent girl, was to-day sent from the Central Police Court to the Reformatory at Biloela for that, being under the age of 16, she wandered about and consorted with women of ill-fame. Frank Warden was charged, at the Central Police Court to-day, with obtaining by false pretences the sum of £1 from the Hunter Eiver Steam Navigation. Company. He was remanded. The repairs to the drinking fountain in Belmore Park would, it is estimated, cost 18s 6d. Now, here's a chance for -the newlv-elected Mavor to distinguish. himself. On Thursday next at the meeting 4of tho City Council there will probably be a little fighting over the loaves and. fishes, as upon that day the list of salaries of the various corporation officials will be examined. A day or two ago some one broke into theN.C.F.S. station, in Queen's-place, and stole a fireman's uni-, form. It was afterwards seen in the possession of a- man who used to be in the habit of going round and.col lectnng subscriptions for the fire brigades, represent ing himself as one of that body. He was today brought up at tiie Central on another charge — that of being illesaliy on certain premises, and was sent to gaol for seven days as a rogue and vagabond. The usual weekly meeting of the Licensing Bench was held at the Central to- day, Mr. John Dillon, C.S.M., in the chair. A number of transfers were erranted. and the other cases wei-o of the usual cha* racteiv . . This morning, on the case of Eeynolds v. Eayless, a charge of assault, being called on, there was ncf answer on the part of either of the parties. The case was accordingly struck out, much to the regret of a number of ' pros.' who were hanging about thelCourt in tho hope of hearing something spicy. Wilton-lane, Strawberry Hills, is infested with larrikins. Policemen wanted. The fire brigade of which Mr. Swaddling resigned the superintendency was the City Fire Brigade. The cause of the fussilade of oranges, eggs, &., made upon tiie city west bus ting-son the occasion of the declaration of the poll, and of which reporters felt the full brunt, was a pair of gold-rimmed spectacles worn by & Press man, who constantly shifted them as he surveyed the crowd, and thus brought the lull force or their ammunition upon him, eolf, colleagues, and others. Atthe Central to-day Henrv Bowler pleaded guilty to assaulting and beating Edward Bowra, and was fined 40s, or in default seven days' imprisonment. Fraser's Fountain, which iias been erected in Cook Park, at an expense of .£500, will be opened in a few days, when the water 'will be laid on. It is surmised that tho trustees of the park will nbt give a cham pagne spread on the occasion, unless Alderman Dean suggests it. The other fountain is to be erected near the Domain'entxcncc by St. Slary's 'Cathedral. Two Government servants, holding good positions at Biloela, had~a dispute recently over the quality of some iron. As in many other disputes, words were quickly followed by blows. Mr. Buchanan, S.M., was then called on as referee, and heard all the details in tho Water Police Court this moriiing. Eesult — dis- missal of both cases. Francis J. Fuller and David Go-rgin. are tho names of the litigants. A little boy named Allen, said to have been well brought up,' \rh©se brother is ia business and well to do. appeared in the dock at Dariinjrhurst Courthouse to- day, charged with stealing aptirso and money from : a widow Jady, from whom he snatched ii as she was walking in George-street. He was convicted, and will receive his sentence tomorrow. At the Quarter Sessions to-day, a witness whose voice could 'not be distinctly hcai'd. by Judge Dowling, was threatened with, conunittiil to g-aol if~.be did not speak up so as to be heard properly, and His Honor rGsiarkcd that the business of tho public-bouse to which the -witness belonged must Eaifer seriously if lie therein spoke oaly in a whisper as he did. in Court. Cup. Shopkeepers in Park-street complain of a nauseous smell which, is very noticeable at certain times of the day, apparently from gome establishment near by. Will the proper, authority take steps to remedy the disagreeable and offensive odour ? Eeturn of tin ore received at Newcastle and Mbt }-etli, weekending December 2: ..From Uralla to Newcastle, 12 tons Wcwt ; from XfraUa.to Mocpeth, 26 tons 2cwt Sqri .from Tam worth? to Morphet, lOtons&awtSqr.; — Total, -33 tans 4awt€qc. A magistrate of the territory, who acted, as deputy returning officer, for aa electorate ndt a t^«m?«qd miles from Sydney, has sent in his claim for services rendered in canvassing for a rejected candidate to the tune of 30s, and has been paid this amount. ? Mr. Daniel O'Connor, vrlio was triumphantly re turned at the head of the Doll for West Svdnav. leaves to-night for Hartley Vale, where he intends toaddrees the electors on behalt of Mr. John Shep- ~ ?herd. The latter gontiLeman's prospeeta are im proving-, and irom what we can gather he stands a very- good 'dww' of being elected. ?Separation Day in Queensland yesterday- was- com- taemarated. by^aregatta). whi^v hoi»everr being only moderately patronised, was unEBccesef ul, Tin-ee of theixaces f&HAsBaaigtL;,' 12» wetther was hot, and our northern neighbours B«neraily stay at home 'in ' 110 u V'GiStwlHr. OS^ft ¥tfmrtji.y ? ? . . TheSeT.X W.Bfcpwn. &4wS attqnffim.to tha fact that alf.hnngft for ,mspy years there havo been a nnmbeeof woaJliyjfreetiEnkersiirfhLs city they have nover been able to build & nlace ot their own inVliich to J«-M meofinge. That would tea peenniarv eacri fico beyond ^arabaay,, * . : A goutlemaaot hightniriwal iiitifaLin^oYrf^ wbo can hold iho position cfpiso|e^a«^o£«iuisie:in.the Uiuver Bfeis.w^ntcd^Ai^aida^aad. tixe jnnsicai folk of that oity are about toimuori, tha-*minent indiridnill fcfaey require lVbctLEitgiajuL ... j Iho Princess Beatrifio las becDme an honorarv tnomber ot tho Institufe oi IKembccs in Wato* Oolonrs. ller bister, tho Gjcowk^cinoflss ofGoonany, naabeenamaiubcrS'or/sffpwVy-earj, aud has- «on.t pic tncos to moroithswi.cisa.oi jJic wdoty's exhibitions. Itcyo-od tho x&ry; btw-iciiul rliu-tlu'wv liook, ^iui)hshed from dojugns by tIstf'FnscuSife- BualiuuB, Iier lioynl lughttos?'* wbility iti urt SsSo't.l£iiawa.])T tin ^oniinl j^MiLbiUWi^work iivHI how b« ii!towtt aTt'thii fortli «tfi»st^ iHcwbiKbS --f tW* 'Ujstafettq.. lJ^M^ M|&H9vC.r;^«^r,to^iui3bmokCounliY -av-^ wMioea ???xeoabxli: that ««.'«t«Kux'miclit.Ji(Iiac.«n SIimism; of. *it« « usei mrvuti ' * »3 uattiiiu!-,' sued iva ^B3*^a ? ? ? ' ' 