SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. POLITICAL SUMMARY. On the day that our last summary wo rjubliihod Mr. Murray Smith accepte tho agent-generalship of the colony i London, on the understanding that h should bo at liberty to roturn to Mol bourne as soon as tho arrangements to b niado under his direction for th floating of tho now loan and th redemption of expiring debenture should havo been completed. Th Government have been generally con gratulated on having secured tho Bervieo of BO popular and highly esteomod i gentleman for tho important post o agent-general. Mr. Murray Sinitl will leavo for London by tho P and 0. steamer on March 30, and it ii expected that ho will be absent fron "Victoria betweon 12 and l8 months Minglod with tho ploasuro which hai been oxpreased at his taking office, rogroi is felt by members of tbo Conservative party at the temporary loss of a leadoi who exorcised a bonolicial influence ovoi the supportors of tho Government, and inspired his own followers with unques- tioning trust. There has boon no haste to elect a new chief, nor will decided action bo necessary until Parliament weeta in April or May next. In the meantime, Mr. Francis naturally occupies the position of groatest prominonco. By accepting tho agont-generakhip Mr. Mulray Smith vacated his seat in the Legislativo AsBOinbly as member for Boroondara. Tiio difficulty the electors aro in is not to find a successor, but to choose betweon tho several candidates who aro offering their sorvicos. Threo gentlemen, each of thom having claims on tile Conservative party, have declared themselves as candidates, viz., Mr. Henry Lawes, barrister, Mr. W. F. Walker, bonded warehouseman, and Mr. Robert Harper, merchant ; whilst Mr. O. F. Tay- lor, barriator, has presented himBelf to tho electors under the equivocal title of an independent candidate. Mr. Lawes lives at Hawthorn, the most populous division of Boroondara. He twice contested Gee- long, in the Conservative interest in 1880, without success. Mr. Walker obtained admission to the Assembly in February, 1880, as mombor for Richmond, and faithfully supported tho Service Govern- ment during their short-lived existence. On their appealing to the country in July following, ho was numbered amongst the membors who lost their seals. Mr. Robert Harper was elected for West Bourke In August, 1870, and again in February, 1880, but was defeated. at tho general election in July, 1880, when Sir Bryan O'Loghlon and Mr. Deakin were returned in place of Mr. Harper and Mr. Staughton. On the for- mation of the presont Ministry in July, 1881, Mr. Harper would probably have regained MB placo in Parliament had ho chosen to oppose Sir Bryan O'Loghlon, the new Premier, but in the interests of tho country, and for the sako of the more effectually overthrowing the Berry party, whom the new Government replaced, Mr. Harper stood aside, and left tho contest to Sir Bryan and tho Opposition candi- date, the former winning. The threo gentlemon now standing in tho Conserva- tive interest for Boroondara havo, it will be seen, severally done [service entitling them to consideration. Mr. Lawes and Mr. Walker have declared that they will go to tho poll whatever happens, but we do not despair of an agreement being arrived at after nomination-day (to- morrow), which will result in the retire- ment of two candidates out of three. TJio polling takes place on February 23. With regard to the commenta which have been made on the attitude assumed by Colonel Pasley, the acting agent general of Victoria, in abstaining from correcting the misapprehensions which might havo been created by The Times' articlo on the finances of Victoria, wo understand that Colonel Pasley received directions from the Government, by cable, as soon as the substance of tho article was published in Melbourne, to consult the board of advice in London as to what he should do, and be guided implicitly by their directions. It was the recommendation of the board that no action should be taken, by writing a letter in reply, to give tho article im- mediate contradiction. This explanation may absolve Colonel Pailey, though It will not alter the opinion vjhich has-been formed regarding the polby of inaotion that was adopted. Shortly before Parliameit was pro- rogued, attention was diawn to tho number of children under sixand over 15, receiving instruction at the state schools, and the Minister of Education stated that steps would bo taken to exclude all pupils who did not come within the'school ages. Subsequently he intimated tlat no alter- ation in the practice hitherb obtaining would be made until the lubject had received thoughtful considentlon. By the invitation of the Ministe» the school inspectors have met in 'conference within the past fortnight to dscuss the proposal, and the resolutions adopted by them are given elsewhere, Thoy think that all children botween four and a half years and sii should be received into the Bchoola and mrollod; that no restriction should bo paced on tho attendance of ohildren over 15, and that children of titree years «id up- wards at present enrolled should not be interfered with. Tho object of suitting out children undor six is to ecoiomiso expenditure on buildings and teahors ; but the inspectors strongly advio the Government not to reduce the salaie3 of teachers who aro paid Bccording fo the attendance. Tho Minister of Eduction, ni reply to a deputation which vaited , on him on Monday, statod that no changes were likoly to bo made kr tho present, especLdly as the question C the school aces was one that the Eduction Commission would no doubt inclue? in their investigations The Education Commisssion holiits first public sitting on Wednesday, i,b ninry 8, and questioned Mr G Wilbn Blown, the secretary of the Educatin department, it somo length as to t\3 attendance at sttto schools, the cost c administering the act, &c; His oxami nation it as not complotod when the com- mission adjourned until to day The In- quiry promises to extend ovei a long\ period Tho Tanti Commission, which \ suspended its sittings at Christmas, whon Parliament was prorogued, has recently rcsumod -nork, and it is making fair pro- gress with its investigation into tho work wg of the existing tariff A commission unich has been appointed to ascoitam iHiat number of hours assistants of both Boxes aro daily employed In shops, has cntoied upon its inquiries, -nhich will Probably last about a month. The Coran- derrk board has recommended the adop- tion of an improved mode of management at the aboriginal station near Heales- ville. SOCIAL AND GENERAL. His Excellency the Governor, Lady Nor- manby, and Lord Hervey Phipps are now on »Msitto the WeBtera district. They were brat the guests of Mr William Robertson, J4 LA, ttt Coia0i nnd a{terwnr_a proceeded »Mt A KTinlay s station at Glenormiston, Where they will «mam until the latter ond of n«Jit week The Australian Trozen Meat Export Com Pnny (Limited) have entered into a contract with the Orient Steam Navigation Company, under which the whole of the available space in four of the companys steamers will be fitted up for tho frozen moat trade The first shipment will be made per the Garonne, which they hope to despatch from this port in a few weeka The directo« of the Am trahan 1 rozen Meat 1 xport Company have requested ua to state that the shipment of frozen meat per a B Curco now Belling in London and reported to be inferior in quality, as well as imperfectly prepared is not a ship ment from their company in Melbourne, bat from the Orange Company of New South Wales lho recent shipments from the Melbourne company per B S Orient and B s Luropa which were entirely prepared at their own works here under the dry cold air pro cess, Bold well in London, and gave every satisfaction, both as to the quality of meat and careful preparation, and were pronounced by all who saw them to bo m the most per feet condition, and equal in every respect to the best I nallah meat The reported inferior quality of the Cuzco a shipment is the more unfortunate, as tbe direotora of the Mel- bourne company confidently expected that the meat per Cuzco would have been of such a quality as to strengthen the character of Australian meat, and thereby maintain ad vanced prices for their shipment per Protoa, now on tho way to London, the quality of which is superior their past shipments All the proprietors or representatives ot the more important vineyards have intimated their intention to exhibit at the Bordeaux Wine Exhibition, and the Victorian contribu tion will be satisfactorily large The space for which the Victorian Government applied, and which has been granted, ia sufficient for 200 dozen bottles and 23 hogsheads Mr H G Turner and Mr. James Smith have been appointed honorary commissioners to the ex bibition Vi e learn that the quantity of wine likely to be sent from the Hunter River dis trict (NSW) is 70 quarter casks and 3,000 doren botiles Twenty three NSW vig nerons have intimated their intention to ex hibit Mr Henry Bonnard has been norm nated as secretary for that colony, Mr G Bilhet is to act for the South Australian ex- hibitors j Extensive seizures of smuggled goods have recently been made by Customs officers in the Chinese quarter One lot of contraband gooda diecovered ia valued at between 17,000 and £8 000 1 he firat sitting of the Royal commission appointed to inquire into and report upon the best means of regulating and shortening the hours of employés in shops and whole Bale and retail trading business establish menta took place a few dajs ago It was de cided to issue a circular to shopkeepers m Melbourne and elsewhere asking for infor mahon as to the number and ages of their employes hours of business, and BO on Attention will be paid by the commission to tbesubject of the hours dur mp which employés have to stand in various establishments At the subsequent Bittmgs witnesses have been examined, including Mr Towart, secie tary of the Salesmen s Union, Mr Curtis secretary of the Early Closing Associa tion, and others A difficulty in the way of compelling shopkeepers to keep earlier bourB by Act of Parliament has been pointed out It is said that confectioners, fruiterers, and dealers in refreshments ought to be exempted from the operation of any Buch law , but that, if they are exempted, the act would easily be evaded As to the practice of compelling shop employés to stand nil day, it is hoped that some meanB of compelling employers to abandon it will be found Moral suasion has been tried m that direction, but unsuccessfully The witnesses examined up to date are tolerably unanimous in saying that long hours are more injurious here than in Englnnd, owing to the difference in climate Several more witnesses are to be examined The will of the late Mr James Henty has been proved in the Supreme Court. The property in Victoria was valued at £73 947. The Coranderrk Board has agreed upon a report which points out the advisability of rendering the management of the aboriginal station more effective than it has been lately, improving the buildings, fencing in the station, and subdividing it into paddocks, appointing two men to look after the stock, &c.; To these proposals the nine members of the board have unanimously agreed. Mr. J. F. P. Strickland has resigned his position as superintendent of the station. George H. G. Searcy, the cashier of the Metropolitan Permanent Building and In- vestment Society, and well-known cricketer, waa brought before the City Conrt early in the montb, charged with embezzlement. The total deficiencies amounted to about £000," but it was decided togo upon only one charge. The prisoner, who appeared to deeply feel bis position, pleaded guilty, and after the bare facta bad been Btated he was committed for trial at the General Sessions. When brought before the General Sessions he pleaded guilty, and handed in to the Bench a written appeal for mercy on account of his having confessed his guilt and also in con- sideration of his relatives. Searcy was sen- tenced to two years' imprisonment in the Central Gaol. The decision of the Steam Navigation Board with reference to the collision which occurred between the steamers Nelson and Julia Percy on the 25th December last, came under review before his Honour Mr. Justice Williams, sitting in chambers, a few days ago. The board had suspended the certificate of Mr. T. W. Smith, the master of the Nelson, for six months, and an application was made to his Honour for a prohibition to restrain the board from enforcing their decision. The grounds on which the application was based were that two members of the board, who had not heard the whole of the evidence, took part in the adjudication, and that the board had no jurisdiction, as the collision occurred outside the limits of the Victorian territory. His Honour, after hearing argu- ments, overruled the objections, and dis- missed the application, but without costs. Among the wills proved in the Supreme Conrt IaBt week was that of the late Mr. G. V, Bany, who was at one time well known in Melbourne, where he was a priest of the Roman Catholic Church. He left Melbourne in the year 1872, and ceased to officiate as a priest. He waa mcrried in America to a young lady who had some property in Victoria. Prior to the marriage, she had conveyed the property to a person on the understanding that fie was to re-convey it to Mr. Barry. This was done. In 1873 Mr. Barry made a will in America, leaving all hie property to his wife, and in 1878 he made another will to the same effect in England. Some months ago he Bent to Victoria a power of attorney directing that the property in Victoria should be re-conveyed to his wife, but before the power of attorney waa regis teted, Mr. Barry died. It therefore became neceBBory to prove the will in order to com- plete the title to the property. The funeral of the Hon. Patrick Higgins, a member of the Legislative Council of New South Wales, took place on the 31st ult,, in the Melbourne General Cemetery. When the remains arrived from Sydney by train at the Spencer-street Btation there was a very large assemblage of old Victorian friends of the deceased on the platform, including Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, Mr. J. H. Graves, Mr. R. Bur- rowes, Mr. J. M. Grant, Judge Nolan, Messrs. F. Walsh, J. Toohey, J. Orkney, and S. Fraser, M.L.A.'s; Hon. J. G. Dougharty, M.L.C.; Dr. Ryan, Messrs. Jenkin Collier, F. Quinlan, P. O'Brien, and P. P. Laber touche. Amongst the Sydney friends who accompanied the remains were Sir P. A. Jennings, Mr. J. Kerr Clark (representing Sir John Robertson), Messrs. T. Wilton and E. Lee. On reaching the gates of the Mel- bourne General Cemetery at 10 minutes past 3 the procession was met by some of the principal dignitaries of the Roman Catholic Church, including the Vicar-general (Dr. Fitzpatrick), the Very Rev. Arch-priest O'Meara, the Very Rev. Dr. Corbett, Dean Moore (Vicar-general of the diocese of Bal- larat), the Rev. J. Mulhall, S.J., and the Rev. Oliver Daly, S.J. Acolytes, bearing lighted candle, preceded the hearse to the place of interment, and Archpriest O'Meara having recited the prayers for the dead in accordance with the Roman Catholic ritual, the coffin was deposited in the family vault. The funeral procession comprised up wards of 30 private and public vehicles. The pall-bearers were Sir P. A. Jennings, the Hon. J. M. Grant, Messrs. R. Goldsbrough, W. Robertson, M. O'shanassy, E. Fitz gerald, T. Wilton, and L. Prendergast. \A complimentary banquet waa given last V-ek in the Richmond Town hall to ox Coun cjor Shelley, on the occasion of his leaving tV colony ou a visit to Lngland Tr John Owen, a very old colonist, whose ni\e hoB for many j ears been well and favorably known in Melbourne commercial clt<>B, died on the 8th inBt at hiB residence M°Vt Erica Ho may be regarded as one of the ¿neera of the tobacco manufacturing m dust» his firBt attempt having been made in 18DGyn the face of strong prejudice and detertned opposition In November, 187Ö, JJr Oin founded the Virginian Tobacco Manufitory, which business ia now carried on umt the title of Messrs Cameron Brother and Co Tor a time he was inti- mately laociated with the Victoria Confec tionery -nijpany As a commiBBioner of 'he Melbjme International Exhibition he worked bri to secure an effective display of Victorian »inuf actunug industry A repre&jtation; of an old English fair, organised I Mr George Coppin, is being Riven m tniExhibition building which was let for the trpofle Dy the trustees A Rich- ardson B theT, a circus, and a number of small side siwa together with the opportu- nity of promiftding the building, form the attractions The mimic festivity bears little or no renenililunce to an old English fair The public attendance has been largo and the promoters of the nroject aro likely to reap considerable profit. | 1 he patrons of the drama have had a varied programme of theatrical amusements pre serited to them during tlio last fortnight The pantomime of " Whittington and his Cat wes withdrawn from the Theatre Royal on I ehruary 4th, when Mr Grattan Riggs, an old Melbourne favourite, mado his reappearance as the Sbaughtaun, inBoucicaults drama of that uamo After a successful run the " Shaughraun gave place to two other Irish dramaB-" Handy Andy and tho " Irish 1 migrant -which pieces are now occupying the boards At the Bijou Theatre, Mr Howe produced an original drama entitled " The Slaters which was followed by "Shamus na Leena, an Irish play, which is now being played with great success Mr Marshalls Comedy Company at the Princess s Theatre have met with special marks of favour in their representation of " Crutch and Tooth pick, a comedy by G R Sims Wilson s circus is drawing crowded houses every night The equestrian portion of the performance is exceptionally good, and so also are the acrobatic feats of Messrs Hector and Fane The tricks performed by the horses evidence in a very high degree tho m telhgence possesaed by the animals as well as the care which has been bestowed on them by their trainer A peculiar interest attaches to the lions, from the fact that one of them bit a man s arm off at Albury shortly before their arrival in Melbourne The presBnt season of opera finished on Saturday night last, with the final perform ance of ' Olivette, a work which has en joyed a continuous run since Christmas Eve A complimentary benefit was given by the members of the company to Mr G Mus grove the leBBee of the Opera house on Monday night, 13th ¡nat Miss Emma Wangenheim made her first appearance Selections from "La Tillo du Tambour Major and "Les Cloches de Cornet illa were played Tho following members of tho V ilhamson Opera Company who are now in Melbourne on their way to New Zealand, also assisted-namely MIBS Alice Rees Mr Annes Beaumont, and bignor Verdi On the same night at the concert given by the Metro ponton Liedertafel in the Town hall, there was a very large audience present and the ' Mendelssohn Quintette Club of Boston U S , made their first appearance in Mel bourne with pronounced success The names of the members are Isidor Schmtzler first violin, Ernst Thiele Becond violin , Thomas Hi au, viola and clarinet, William Schade viola and flute, and Frederick Gicse violon cello Miss Cora Miller ia the soprano voca list of the party An open air concert was given also on Monday night by Herr Flock on the Melbourne Cricket ground Tho Quintette Club have now gone to the Opera house, under engagement to Mr G Musgrove SMALL POX IN AUSTRALIA So far we have succeeded in preventing the disease of small pox, which broke out on the steamer Garonne, of the Orient line, and the P. and O steamer Mirzapore, on their last voyages to Australia, from appear ing elsewhere in the colony than at the quarantine station On the 10th inst all but four of the passengers of the Garonne then remaining in quarantine were released, and the four in question, one of whom is Mary Cleary, who was feared at one time to be dying, are getting on well As to thoso of the Mirzapore passengers who were labded here and detained at our quarantine station two fresh caBes wera reported on the 1th mat, both patients being stewards of the steamer, who bad been waiting on the saloon pasBengerB The names of the two stewards were Dowling and Mason Later on the same day three suspicious caaes on board the steamer which stopped at the quaran tine atation were detected, and it was Boon found that they were really cases of small pox, the names of the patients being John Owen, quartermaster, TbomaaStrachan, steward , and one of the crew, Tehee VegaB, a Portuguese In all the three last men tioned caBes the patients had been vaccinated since their arrival at the station, and the lymph had "taken" They might have caught the disease before vaccination, but Dr Lyttleton, one of the medical men at the station, has reported that " vaccination has not protected several cases here, and in one case a previous very bad attack at home did not protect from a few Bmallpox PUB tules here ' UhelateBtcase was reported on Monday laBt It is that of a nurse in the in- fected hospital Altogether there have been nine caseBofamallpoxamongstthe Mirzapore passengers landed here, and, according to the latest accounts, they are all doing well It was hoped that the Mirzapore could have been despatched with the homeward mails to morrow, but owing to the fresh cases her further detention ia necessary As to New South Wales, the Zealandia has been admitted to pratique, and so has the Garonne, with those of her passengers who went on to Sydney Small pox appears to have been at last virtually stamped out of that colony, as there are no known cases out side the quarantine station, nor is three any house m Sydney now quarantined On the 2nd instant those of the Garonne s passen gera who Btayed at Adelaide were liberated I from quarantine, and the Muapore s pas eeugers who landed there were released on the 9th instant_ THE RUSSIAN SQUADRON When our last summary was written the Russian squadron had justarnved in Hobson s Bay It comprises three vessels-the Afrika, the Plastoun, and the VeBtnick-and is under the command of Admiral Aalaubegoff Since the arrival of the vessels the admiral, the captains, and the leading officers have seen a good deal of Melbourne and the colony, and they have won the admiration of all with whom they have been brought into contact by their manly and courteous be baviour, and the acquirements they have not displayed, but been found to poBsess Nearly all of them can speak at least three lan gungee, and many of them aro accomplished linguistB, and m conversation they show a thorough acquaintance with the affairs of the day throughout the world, and aleo that they put in practice keen powers of observation wherever they go »hile here they have diligently read the local newspapers, and have Bhown an interest in many of our local matters On the day after the flagship anchored in our waters the admiral paid an oflicial visit to Government bouse and on the following day the Governor returned the visit A night or two afterwards he entertained the admiral and officers at dinner at Govern- ment house His 1 xcellency has since left Melbourne on a -visit to the Western district Sir Bryan O Loghlen and the Ministry gene rally have spared no pains to suitably enter turn and supply the wants of our visitors The Commissioner of CustomB granted the free use of the Alfred Graving Dock for any of the vessels, and the Afrika has been in there to bo cleaned and repainted The visitorshavelikewiBcbeonshown by Ministers overmanyofour public buildings gardens,&.c A few nights ago tho admiral and several officers, and a largo number of leading citi/enB were entertained at dinner by the Major of Melbourne In responda g to the toast of his health and that of his officers, Admiral Aalaubegoff made an eloquent speech in which ho txpresBed his gratitude for the hospitality shown to him m the dif ferent colonies he has viBited and was very complimentary towards Australia generally, and Melbourne in particular, which city he declared to be the capital of Australia Our RuBBian friends have also vwited our two great gold fields Ballarat aud Sandhurst On Saturday a regatta took place in Hobson s Bay at which there were six oared and twelve oared races between crews from our Cerberus and Naval Reserve and the Russian men of war In each race the local men were victorious and we are prouder of the victories because in Sjdney the RuBSians were the conquerors lho admiral left on Saturday evening for Syd-iej where he purposes Bpending a few dajB It IB etpected that tho Squadron will leave here about the 23rd inst -heir next point of call will probably be Adelaide and they will return to Russia by way of Singa poro and China TARIFF COMMISSION. This commission has resumed its labours, and has examined several more witnesses with regard to tho duties on wearing apparel and other articles. Somo manufacturers of millinery, frillingB, plaitmgB, millings, &,c , educated the abolition of tbo duty on Bomo articles which, to them, are ravi material, and complained that, as to their products, tho colonial market waa frequently flooded with surplus Btock from London Vi ith regard to the duties on cer- tain articles coming under the head of " wearing apparel," such as Bilka, lacea, Le , one instance of the anomalies created by the tariff w OB pointed out. Cheap laco shawls, costing 3B Od a dozen, have to pay an import duty of 27J per cent ad valorem because they are classed as wearing apparel, whereas laces costing £11 a yard come in free as cotton or linen gooda in the piece Frequently very little labour is required to mai o a lace shawl or scarf out of a piece of lace. Mr. Hicks, of the firm of Moubray, Rowan, and nicks, drapers, of Collins street, was examined, and recommended various alterations m the tariff, such as the exemption of some of the raw material used by milliners, and the reduction of the duty on other articles He pointed out that, owiugto there being a fixed duty on umbrellas, ono coBtinr/ 4s paid as much duty as one costing 50s Mr Hartshorn, a maker of Burgical appliances, stated that he wanted a duty im posed on elaBtic stockings, used for surgical purposes, and now exempt It seema that lie IB not satisfied with the wages he can make, and thinks he could do better if there waB a duty on the Bpecial stockings and similar articles which some sick and de crepid people are obliged to wear Mr Morgan, a representative of an English fac tory of candle wicks, intimated that if the im position of a duty on such articles was guaran- teed, the firm would establish a factory here Mr. James Miller, locally a well known manu- facturer of cornsacka, woolpacks, and other jute goods, aa well as of ropes and cordage, gave evidence that be bad been engaged in the manufacture of ropes and cordage for nearly 20 years, and bad not been assisted by duty until a comparatively recent date In fact the industry was a thriving one, and there were several persona besides himself engaged m a similar line of business, all of whom, he believed, would not object to the abolition of the present duty, or at least to a substantial reduction of the existing rate With re- ference to cornsacks and woolpacks, Mr Miller stated that at the time he com- menced the manufacture of these articles conmacks were selling in Melbourne for 12s per dozen, a price at which he could manu- facture advantageously Mr Berry and other politicians encouraged him to embark m the industry, with the promise of a fixed rate of duty, which was subsequently imposed Notwithstanding the duty, how- ever, the industo had proved an un- profitable one, and for the last three or four sears he had lost by the manufacture of cornsacks, a fact which he attributed solely to the intense competition of the Indian manufacturers, who sent out immense quantities to the Melbourne market at rumpus rates The supply at present was greatly in excess of the demand, over four million cornsacks, or one million and a half aboie the requirements of the colony, having been received last year alone The duty paid was a little o\ er £12,000, and he had expended about £10,000 m wages to keep his factory going Thiatax, Mr Miller frankly admitted, was borne exclusively by the farmers, who need the cornaacks, and the squatters, who utilised the woolpacks He would be prepared to forego the duty on cornsacka and potato bo(,a ii all other bags (including those for bran) w>»re subjected to a duty of 1B per dozen The Warehousemen's Trade Committee have submitted a statement showing the articles m the tariff on which they considered tho dnty might be advantageous!} reduced or aboliBhed without seriouBly affecting ei'her the revenue or existing industries The etatement was as follow B - Holier) -Both cotton and woollen hosiery to bo freo woven and knitted undershirts to bo Included as hosiery GICACP -Io bo freo, or reilucctlto eat 10 per cent Dibbonn and Bibbon Vclvote -To bo free, being used ox c1 uah ely by milliners and dressmakors for manufacturing purposes Oossaraoïs, silk nets, mcchllns black and coloured laces, lace and silk fichus and ellkecarvcs laco gooda lu píceo or por jard, tulles, DruEBCls and other nets, gimp and all similar minor articles used lor the purpose of trimmlug and making up to bo free lancy Haberdasher), Ac -Window Unes, thimbles, Btudp, minor articles of leather and woodenware, toja, balls, bats, Ac , to bo free Ilressce, Wlncojs, Sic-Alpacas, merinos, cash mcrcs fancy shirtings, Italian cloths, damasks, otc, to bo free, as they are not mado boro Manufactures containing Silk-Unless all silks aro mado freo, wo recommend an ad valorem duty on all piece goods containing silk, owing to the- difficulty ex fcrlonccd in distinguishing what goods aro used for trimming onlj and dress matorlals Crapes -To be free as dress trimmings it is Impos Bililo in many instances to tell whother they contain silk or wool Cloaklngs, Mantles, Cloths, 4c-Unless other woollen goods aro mado freo wo recommond that those goods bo classified with thom, oning to tho difficulty in distinguishing what is to be used for mantles, coats, Ac China Matting -To bo freo, being principally mod by tho poorer classes, and cannot bo manufactured hero Rugs, Mats, Carpets, Ac -AU to be classified under Olio heading , Carpet Co\crs, Bluo and Green Quilts Ac -TJsod solely for bed coi eringa, should bo classified with tho quilts In the free list Umbrellas, FaraBoIs, Ac-Wo strongly recommend a icturn to ad valorem duties, such not to exceed 25 per cent IJats, Caps, Ac-Mo urge also a return to ad \ alor cm duties, such not to exceed 25 per cont Screes, KorscjB Plaidlngs, Houso Flannels -To bo classified with other flannels, owing to tbo difficulty of distinguishing what is used for saddlery and other purposes NecUtLs, Ecartes, Nockorchlefs Theso and other similar articles to be freo Evidence has also been taken on the hosiery duties One witness said he could not sell the colonial manufactured woollen hosiery within 100 per cent of the English article, the existing duty notwithstanding, but a manufacturer of hosiery said he desired a duty of 20 per cent on all hosiery, not BO much to enable him to compete ngainBt the English article as to introduce the colonial goods to the consumer Another witness, a tent manufacturer, aalced for a remission of the duty on tarpaulins containing jute, which duly IB Id per yard, but deprecated a re miBBion of the 20 per cent duty on the articles he manufactures, and advocated the imposi- tion of a duty on flags With regard to um- brellas, parasols, ¿te , on which there is a fixed duty, the evidence of the manufacturers was to the effect that such articles were cheaper in Victoria than they had ever been before the imposition of the duty, and that any reduction of the duty wonld lead to a closing of the local factories On tbe Bubject of boots and Bhoes, the views of a meeting of boot manufacturers were handed in in writing, and we make the following ex- tracts from the document - * Tho boot trado has assumed proportions which will compel us to And a more extended market tor our goods outsido tho colony, which wo aro to a certain extent prevented from doing owing to a duty on the raw material used In tho better class of boots and shoes made In our factories, such as wax calf, all kinds of kid, morocco, goat and seals levant, and calf patent, which carry a duty of from 7Jd to 20 per cent "Tho boot trado, having felt and cnioyod tho benefits of a protective POIILJ, travo no Cosiro to un dulj press on any other Industry, but would respect fully show that tho imposition of duties on wax calf, calf kid, So, has not had the effect of stimulating tho production of thoao leathers, on tho contrary, tho imports havo boon grenter during tho two years duties lia\ o been in forco than anj tTo years provieusly In 1670 and 18E0, leather to tho value of £250,645 was imported, "hilo In 1877 and 1S78, £215,265, or a Ulf f erenco In fa> our of the last two years of £11,280 "Wo would respectfully urgo that the duties on tbo beforementloned leathers should be removed, as their continuance will seriously intcrfero with tho advance ment of our trado One witness, a boot manufacturer, stated that he believed all the sltms tanned m the colony were more or less damaged, owing to tho careless manner in which they were ilajed by the slaughtermen Two or three boot manufacturers declared that, personally, tiny would have no objection to the abolition of tbo dnty on boots and shoes, as the Vic- torian trade had now been mastered. REORGANISATION Or THE VOLTJN TrER TORCE The vacancy in the command of the volun- teer has suggested the present as an op- portune time for considering the state of the force, and taking measures for effecting a thorough re organisation Experiencedofficers have long been dissatisfied with the condition of affairs Tor the defence of tho colony we are dependent on two classes of men One is tbo Naval Reserve, a paid body, under tho Discipline Act, who constitute the force for manning the turret ship Cer- berus and the wooden Bhip Nelson. The land force consists exclusively of volun- teers, divided into artillery men, light horse engineers and nilemen, under the direction of a stuff at head quarters which is paid The total number of volunteers en rolled is 21J ofiicors, Le, 3 000 men. Until last year we also had n paid garrison artillery corpB, 100 strong, and all candidates for admission to the police had to undergo a certain amount of drill aB members of this corps before they could obtain appoint- ment aa foot constables or troopers The late Government, however, in 1880 struck the vote for the garrison corps off tlie estimates and disbanded the men On the recent death of Colonel Anderson, who for many yeara filled the position of commandant of the forces, the Government were urged to procure the services of an Imperial officer to assume the entire direction of affaire, and hold the appointment for five jenrs, when ho should give place to another officer of equal rank from the British army 1 his proposal met with the approval of the Goterument v, ho have put themselves in com mimication with tho Imperial authorities It ia expected that several months must elapse before a now commandant can arrive from England and m the meantime the \olmiteero will be placed under the control of Colonel Hatton, a retired Imponal officer, and a gentleman who also held the position of colonel in the Victorian Volunteer force for sol eral j ears Colonel Ihomas Bruce Hutton ia the son of an old Indian cflicer.who has Berved with distinction m the rt gular army Ile w as m the Crimoan war and in the Indian Mutiny, and waa wouadod before Delhi In 1S01 he attained to the rank of captain, and was promoted to that of a major in 1807 AB a major he was frequently in cimmand of tho 100th regiment at Al dcrehot and other placea, aud ho nlBO sen ed on the staff of Sir Daniel Lysons, the officer at present commanding at AldorshoL In 1872 he was promoted to the position of lieutenant colonel for his services in the field. In the same year he retired from the army by eellmg his commission, and came oat to this colony to join his friends. To render the volunteer force effective other changes beBides the appointment of nn experienced commandant aro necessary 'J he officers of the different corps were de EirouB of meeting and discussing the situa- tion with the object of placing their uewa I efore the Government, but Colonel Rede, the acting commandant, disapproved of their doing so, and the Government also regarded (he proposed gathering as an innovation which should be discouraged Instead of oBscmbhng as officers, the leading mea in the force met as members of the Pipeclay Club, a Bocial institution ex- isting in Melbourne, and the discussion was opened by the reading of a carefully written paper winch Captain Christopherson had drawn up Major Smith, M L A , presided Captain Christopherson proposed tbat tbe wholetolunteer force be reorganised, enrolled under the Discipline Act, ana each man paid a small amount per annum, on the same sjstem as the Naval Reserve, andshould, like them, bo compelled to attend in every quarter 30 hours' drill, of which 11 hours roust be daylight drills The force had deteriorated in pbjBique, and as -there were about 800 resignations every year, and an equal number of raw youths admitted, there was a total change of about 25 per cent every year, and a consequent inefficiency Owing to being undnr the Discipline Act, tho Naval Reserve were far superior to the volun tceis in respect to discipline, and also in drill lo extend this system to the whole of the force, no special legislation was required, and there was therefore no occasion for delay in its application To prove that the question was an urgent one, be contended that a KuBSian force of 5,000 might be landed in Australia from a military depot m tbo Pacific Ocean A number of resolutions, founded on Captain Christopher eon's paper, were adopted by the gentlemen present, and these resolutions are to be pre- sented to the head of the Government to day or to morrow Government aro Btill of opinion that the officers ought not to havo met but precedents may be found in Eng- land for the coarse which was followed It haB also to be remembered that the officers of the force are the most experienced local authorities the Government can consult, and that they are not only \ olunteera but citizens, many of whom exercise considerable influence in political and municipal affairs NEW PROl ESTANT HALL The foundation stone of a new Protestani hall, which is being erected on the site c the old hall in Lxlubition and Little Collin streets, was laid on the afternoon of Satui duj, 4th mat, by the Rev Dr Gilchnsl grand maBterof the Loyal Orange Institutioi of Victoria The old hall, which was erectei in 1847, being found too small and incon veinent for the present time, tho trustee determined a few months ago to pull it dowi and re erect a building worthy of the site They therefore, in November last, invitei from architects competitive designs, and tha of Messrs W. H Ellerker and Co , of Col lins street west, was accepted In due cours tenders were called for, and that sent in b. MeBBiB Ayres and Packer was accepted fo the sum of £4 363 The Bishop of Melbourne and most of the leading ministers of th various Protestant denominations, member of Parliament, and other prominent citizen were invited to be present at thi ceremony of laying the stone, bn scarcely any representative men of eithe religion or politics accepted the invita tiona, and the ceremony was confined to i few ministers of religion, members of Parha ment, and members of the various Orangi lodgeB in and around Melbourne, bywhon the old hall was almost solely used, and foi whom it IB understood the new hall hat principally been erected After laying tin stone of the new hall Dr Gilchrist delivered an address which was principally directed againBtthe position and claims of theChurcl of Rome The Rev H B Macartney, t minister of the Church of England, anc Bon of the Very Rev Dean Macartney also delivered a speech on the occasion directing his remarks againBt the Church ol Rome, and declaring that her power must b< lessened, an object which could be attained bj decreasing the number of her children bj bringing to beor on them the light of trutt and the Bpirit of the Holy Ghost The Rev, Dr Waugh (WcBleyan), the Rev A MacVeat (Presbyterian), and the Rev W. Bradlej (Congregationalist), took part in the pro ceedings Since the day on which the laying of tho stone occurred, £ number of letters have appeared in 27« Argus from ministers and members of the Church of England denying that Mr Macartney in any way represented their church, and deprecating some very condemna tory observations be made during the course of his speech against the Church of Rome Mr Macartney briB, however, not been without apologista, and several lette» have also ap peered in The Argus in defence of his conduct With regard to the new building the style adopted is that most Buited to a hot climate, Italian The frontage to Exhi bition Btreet is 63ft, and the frontage along Little Collins street 73ft On the ground floor various rooms for letting pur- poses, offices and conveniences, with large Btone Btaircaae to hall On the firat iloor is the hall 70ft by 42ft and 21ft high Atone end ia a platform and at the other a gallery, whilBt on one side is a refreshment room, opening from the hall 25ft by 15ft Escape doors are plentifully provided in case of fire, and the ventilation, both egress and ingress, has been carefully studied THE MELBOURNE HOSPITAL ".te committee of the Melbourne Hospital have been holding a special inquiry during the past few weeks in reference to the sam tary condition of the hospital An inquest was held on the 16th ult, by Dr Youl, coroner of Melbourne, on Andrew Burke, a man who was admitted to the hospital with a wound caused by his daughter having thrown a stone at him The wound was not considered of a serious nature when the man was admitted, but he contracted erysipelas in the hospital, and died there During the course of the inquest evidence was given showing that erisipelas was very prevalent m the institu tion, and Dr Youl said the onlj remedy for auch a state of affairs was to pull down the whole hOBpital, because it was saturated nilli erj Bipelas, and every nook and cranny was full of the poison The Hospital Committee were at the time intending to hold an inquiry into all matters connected with the Hospital, and appointed themselves a committee of the whole for that purpose The first matter they began to inquire into was the state of the Hospital, and tbey intended Dr Youl to attend and givo evidence before them, but he replied that it was no part of hie duties to attend private or extra judicial inquiries and declined to attend On the 1th inst Stephen Grimes, a young man who bad been in the Hospital with a cut wound in the knee died of erysipelaB, and Dr Soul then determined that he would hold an inquiry into tho state of the Hospital with tho jury which he had summoned for an inqueBt on Grimes That determination was arrived at on Monday, the Gth inst, and Dr Youl adjourned the inqnest for a week from that date in order that eu dence mif,ht be prepared The Hospital Com mittee had m the meantime held two lengthy BittingB and on the 7th inst held another one, the evidence taken by them being entirely that of their own honorary medical officers W hile Borne of those officers considered that Dr Youl baa much exaggerated the condi lion of the Hospital others held that Ina re marks wero substantially correct Nearly the whole of the honorary staff expressed the opinion that the central portion of the hospital which ia the part that has been longest erected was BO tainted witherjsi pelas and pi Lima that it ought to be pulled down and one or two pavilions erected in its stead Some of them were in favour of pulling down all the buildings and having a new hospital erected outside the city near the University, but one or two thought that the hospital might be so improved, by means now «ell known to medical scien"e as to rid it of the hospituliBtu with which it was tainted, andmalteitECrviceabloforthehospital purposes of tho city for 20 yeara to come At tho adjourned inquest on the man Grimes, Mr Le Capelain the superintending inspector of the Central Board of Health, stated in evidence that in only one of the many wardB of the hospital was suflicient spaco allowed for patients while m one of the warda thero waBonh about half enough space Medical evidence was BIBO taken showing that the hospital was not in a good sanitary condition but Mr Beaney honorary surgeon, said that the decensed WBB in a vitiated state when ad nutted, and that he believed ho would have died of the wound if he had beon treated in the moBt healthy part of the colonj Dr Youl, in Bumming up the caao to the jurj, spoke at length on tho insanitary condition of tho hospital, and pointed out that a radi tal reform of the metropolis The jury after about half an hour a consideration returned the follow nig Verdict -"That the deceased Stephen Grimes died from blood poisoning contracted m this hospital after haunt, been treated for a wound on the knee rec it ed at Sandridge | on the 30lh October last, m a drunken brawl, by Susan Chitty throwing a knife at him m self defence. We are ot opinion that the Melbourne Hospital, from tbo medical evidence given before us, is in a very inaani tory condition, that the warda aro over crowded, and the general management uti satisfactory " The woman Chitty, who had been in prison for some time before the inquest, was retained m custody after the verdict, and will probably be brought before the magistrates of Sandridge on Thursday next lhe Hospital Sanitary Committee held another Bitting yesterday, and took the cvi dence of several more honorary medical officers, ita general tenour being of the samo nature as that given by the honorary medical officers previous!) examined Yesterday, at the meeting of the committee ol manage ment, the question of reducing the number of patienta in the hospital was considered, and it was decided that as beds I .carno vacant they Bhould be removed from the wards, aud the number of patients bo reduced by not re occupying the beda until it was found that each patient in the hospital had 1,500 cubic feet of space AGRICULTURE Harvest work has been finished in all the early and mideeason districts, and is getting well forward- in the latest Tho roturna to band from our district correspondents con tinue to support the estimates of yield given in our summary six weekaago From tne cooler and later localities the yields aro in several instances larger than anticipated, and the averages in thoae parts are reported higher than uaual The annually increasing demand for hay in towns and cities has led to many wheat crops in later districts being converted into that form of produco instead of being saved for grain, the proportion, however, is not large enough to make any great difference in the aggregate yield of wheat The cropB in Gipps Lana are turn- ing out very well, in the Warrnambool district also there will be a good total T he drought, of which mention wat. made in our last fortnightly summary, has been intensified, and bus been productive of much loss and suffering m the districts eaBt and west of tho Loddon The feed near the water aupply being exhausted, it has been necessary to haul water for the cattle and other farm stock, as well BB for domestic purposes Thus the work of carting grain to the nearest railway stations has been hindered It ia, however, onjy right to mention that the jields m that very district have been extremely small, many of the crops hardly returning the seed A few of the farmers have moved away for a time to other dis tricia until a change in the weather shall enable them to find water on their holdings for themselves and their stock In the eveut of the weather taking an ordinary course, rams should be experienced within the next fortnight, intelligence having daily come to hand by telegraph of heavy raina having fallen in the northern coaat districts and throughout western Queensland and the northern and north western parts of New South Wales At Gunnedah, 3Jin , Wal gett, 5m , Bourke, 7in , Cannonbar, 2_in , and at Brewarrina as much aa lOin of rain has fallen Telegrama report the Paroo, Langlo, and all uvera in the same district, running and rising fast, the floods in the weat aie the heaviest for 10 yeara Over 7in of rain had fallen, and it waa still raining At Boorooma station, on the Barwon, 6 70m of ram had fallen within a few daya In the country around Beylando river Gin of rain fell in 21 hours In spite of these favourable preBageB it is by no meana certain that the raine will extend as far south as the colony of Victoria Observations at the Sjdney Obaer vatory are eaid to Bbow that the ram clouds are travelhn£»jilowly eastward, and are not extending much to the southwards In Bpite of the drought, Bales of station property continue to be made On the 10th met, the estate of Burrabogie, near Hay, in Riverina consisting of 226,770 acres of free hold land, 02 000 acres of pre emptive leases, and 17 000 areas pastoral leases, together with 138,880 Bbeep, 131 head of cattle, and 121 horses, was sold by auction, at the Mel- bourne Exchange by MesBrs Wilkinson, GraveB, and Lavender, in conjunction with Messrs Raleigh, Aitken, and Co The estate and stock were sold together Great interest waB taken in the Bale the room being crowded to the doors The biddings were Btarted at £400 000, on which Mr Fitzwilham \\\ entworth made a large advance On each successive bid Mr Wentworth was alwaya ready with a higher bid, and eventually he became the purchaser of the estate for the sum of £440,000 THE LABOUR MARKET. The demand for domestic servants still continues, and even higher wages than the rates quoted below are offered for good ser- vants ITouaemaids, general servants, and cooks are readily engaged, whilst almost any Bort of a man that has had but slight expon ence as a waiter can command a high rate o wage The building trade is brisk, and there is plenty of work for skilled artisans and labourers With regard to tho boot and clothing factories, the former are kept busy preparing the winter goods for export and for nome uBe lhe clothing trade, however, ia a little slack just now, as this is what is termed between the seasons, but good steady hands can make fair wages r CRICKET / VitTOBiA v NEW SODXH WALES The return intercolonial match between these two colonies was commenced on the Association ground, Sydney, on the 10th ot February, and owing to the gigantic scores made by Beveral of the Sydney batsmen in their first innings, ia still progressing The Victorian team waa without the services of Allan and Edwarde,neither of whom wereable to undertake the trip Sydney had sent its very finest eleven into the field, and, as was subsequently proved, a very powerful batting combination. Murdoch, who captained tbe Sydney team, was favoured with luck in winning tho tosa, and sent in Massie and A Bannerman to commence what eventually turned out to be one of the most remarkable innings ever recorded in a first class match The scoring commenced rapidly, but Massie, who IB ono of the most brilliant, although not the safest batsmen in Australia, waa clean bowled by Palmer when he had scored 17 runs only Murdoch joined Bannerman, and these two brought tho total to 149 before the latter lost hie r. icket, having made a pro- longed stand for 30 runa IIis brother, the onie crack batsman of Auattalia, mado no eland scoring only 1 runs, and three wickets lind at this Btngo been lost for lob runs Murdoch had all this time been plas ing with even more than his usual brilliancy and confidence, and when he was joined b> Jones, a colt who shows wonderful promue as an all round cricketer, tho tens succeeded each other with a rapidity rather alarming to the Victorians and their supporters Gradu- ally the scoro mounted until 200 was recorded with both men Btill in, and batting perfectly Ibis was Bufliciently diGcouraging to the hopeB of the VictonanB, but when without affording either fieldsmen or bowlers the Blähtest chance of effecting a separation bo tween them the batsmen had obtained tho third hundred, the Bpirita of their opponents had undergone a wonderful depression, and there was a prospect of something sensational in the ira) of a score At the time fixed for drawing the stumps tho batsmen had got half of the fourth contury nnd ench carried out hie bat for the evening Murdoch having 183 to hm credit, and Jones 91 All the bowlers in the Victorian team were tried, and all met with the same re ception On play being reamned on the following day Jones was aonu-wnnt easily disposed of when he had obtained l8 additional runs, thus bringing bia toinl to 109, a fine innings, obtained without tlio slightest chance, and by graceful and brilliant batting At this period 101 runs had been scored for tho loss of four wicketB Davis, fauother promising batsman, assisted Murdoch to put on an additional score before he lost his wicket, the register being Ö-1-123 Garratt joined his captain, and another period of faBt and brilliant scoring ensued, Garrett almost equalling hisjcompanions style and effectiveness the half thousand was reached, and the total was still mounting aa rnridly as ever Another half century was recorded without any separation being mado, but before the snth hundred waa placed on the board, relief carno to the oppressed Vic tonaiiB, na Murdoch was neatly caught by Blackham, and the grandest innings over plnjed in the Southern IlemiBphero waa broi ^ht to n close Murdoch s grand score of 321 boa been surpassed on one or two occa BionB in the old country, but nover south of the lino in any important match It waa cempoeed of 38 1s 938,4126, and there nninder singles, and with tho exception of one chance when he had scored 120, the inningB wBB faultless from beginning to end At the termination of bia inningB several gen tlemen in the pavilion initiated a subscription for tbe purpose of presenting a testimonial to linn in recognition of bia brilliant perform nnte and £120 waa subscribed The amount willjrobnbly be increased to ¿00 guineas Ile retired from the wicket nmidstloud cheers in winch the Victorians heartily joined, and on Í i tenng tho pavilion recen ed qmtean ovation Although the great batsman hal lost bia wicket, tLo scoring waa by no means over, and the end of the innings appeared jet far distant. D, Gregory, the captain of the first Australian Eleven, took his place, and another long Bland was mode, the hoisting of 600 being the signal for an outburst of applause. At the conclusion of the second day's play Garrett and Gregory were still in, the former hating scored 7rr by a faultless display of batting, while Gregory had ob- tained 21. -ho atore waa now C10 for tho loss of six wickets, three wickets having been eecured on each day. Notwithstanding the depressing circumstances under which they played, the Victorians during the whole of tbe two da) B kept manfully to then1 task, the bowling and fielding being good all round. Tho real merit of the enormous score ob- tained and of Murdoch's huge innings- can only be properly gauged when the bowline strength of their opponents ia considered. Boyle and Palmer bate acquired a reputation both in England and Auatreha M'Shane ia an awkward left hand bowler, and Cooper one of the best slow bowlers in Australis, while Turner, M'Donnell, and Baker invari- ably bowl well for their clubs. The result is more a triumph of colonial batting skill than a failure of the bowling On Monday the Victorians again took the field, Garrett and Gregory resuming their innings The latter had added a few runs only when he waa taken m the field, bia score being 28 Hiddleetone, who succeeded him, obtained a Biimlar number before ho was taken at the wickets by Blackburn, and shortly afterwards Garrett, who had been batting splendidly, was clean bowled bj M'Shane after playing a magnificent m niDgs for 104 Garrett never showed better form than on this occasion, and his runs were obtained by faultless cricket Spof fortb, who bad evinced an indisposition to take part in the match, at the last moment changed bis mind, and decided to play, but neither ho nor Evans augmented the total to any extent, and on tbo third day of the match the innings closed for 775, the largest score on record Everymember of the Victorian team with the exception of M'Donnell had a try at the bowling, but this ploier, although generally effoctivo for his club, refuaed for some unexplained reason to go on bowling The Victorians com- menced their innings on the Bame afternoon, and when plas waa diacontinued had lost six wickets for 200 runs On Tuesday their innings closed for 315, of which Palmer contributed 70, not out. The Victorians followed their innings, and when the stumps were drawn had scored lil with the loas of two wickets. Blackham made 06, not out, and Horan C3, not out. The following ia the complete score - KEW SOUTH WALES FIRST IhKDfrlS A Bannerman, c Palmor, b Turnor . 30 Misslo, b Palmor . .... 17 Murdoch, cBlackbam, b Horan .. M 821 O Bannerman, lbw, b Baker .. 3 _ Jones, c Boj lo, b Baker . .. 100 D Gregory, o M'Donnoll, b Palmor Hlildlcstono, st Ulackliam, b Ooopor Spoflortb, b M-llano Evans, not out . Sundries _ _ ,. Total . VICTORIA. FIRST I.NKI.SOB Blac-liam.c Gregory, bSpo&orth; . Horan, o Evane, li Spoflortli M'Donnoll, b Spoflorth .. .. Slight, b Garrett . Boyle, o Gregory, b Erang .. _. Baker, b Spoilort-. Bonnor, b Evans .. . . . Palmer, not out .. . .. Turnor, b Spoflorth . _ M'Shano, li Spofforlli Cooper, b Evans . Sundries Total | *. 8KO0KO INMIKOB M'Donnoll, o Másalo, b Evans Palmor, run out . - Blackbam, not out Horan, not out .. Sundries .. - Total RACING. % A race meeting waa held at Ararat on tho 0th and 10th inst. The meeting was not an important one. On the first day Narrabri, by Hamlet, won the Ararat Cup. On the aecond day Little Nell won the Publicans' Puree, and Narrabri won the Welter Handicap Tho Victorian Amateur Turf Club held a race meeting on the Caulfield course on the 11th inBt. The weather was excellent, but the attendance waa indifferent. Langulac, by The MarquiB, won the Selling Race, tor which. WhiBper and Hawarden were the only other Btarters The winner waa sold for £61. The New South Wolca horse Jack, by Trump Card, who waa extremely well ridden by Mr. W GlaBBcock, won the Hurdle Raco, Young; Alfred waa aecond Zanga had a great chance of winning, but unfortunately ho ran round the second hurdle from home. The bniBh in the Oakleigh Handicap was left to King Lud bj King Cole, and CryBtal, both the property of one owner. The struggle waa a very close one, lung Lud gaining the victory by a head Scipio, by King of the Ring, won the Severance Stakes, for two year oída, and. waa bought in for £200 Syndicate was second, and Boree third Hieroglyph, bj Panic, won the Steeplechase very easily. Skylark was second. Hands Down was the only other starter The racing concluded with the St. Valentine's Handicap, which waa won br Cremorne, by Oliver Twist, Sir Joaephwos second, and Harp of Erin third. On the 11th met a fine lot of 200 horses were ehipped by Mr F J. Krcrouse, by tho SerapiB, for India They have been aelectod in the Gipps Land, Upper Murray, and Western diBtricta. INTERCOLONIAL NEW SOÛTH"WALES Parliament has been further prorogued until the 11th April The revenue for the month of January amounted to £180,115, beiufr an increase of £123,292 over the corresponding period of last j ear 'Hie drought in the interior of New South Vi alea IB becoming serious On the Upper Darling the absence of rain is being severely felt, groBB in moat localities having quite dis-, appeared, and water on the Btock routes having gi\euout At a meeting of the Sydney City Counoil on lebruary 2 a proposal waa received from a gentleman in London interested in the for- mation of syndicates, offering to light the Btreets of Sydney and the publio buildings with electricity ata coBtof 25 per cent leas than the contract price of gas Mr William Wolfen, who for the past 2f> years has held the office of consul for Sweden and Norway in Sydney, baa received an inti- mation that m recognition of his valuable , services the King of Sweden and Norway I had raised him to the rank of Chevalier, with the order of Vasa The Hon Captain Arthur Onslow, R.N , M L C , of Camden park, died on Tuesday, the 1st niBt, after a long ¡lineas. He was 49 years of age He entered the navy in 1841, and served on the Australian station in Her MnjeBty a Burvey ship Herald from 1857 to 1S01 A Sydney Liedertafel has been formed on a satisfactory basiB, both socially and musically The Governor has consented to become its patron Sir Patrick Jennings haa been elected president, and Mr Hugh Georgo vice pre- sident Mr W J Stephens baa been appointed professor of natural history (includipg geology and botany) at the University, and Dr M Launn profesaor of anatomy The voting under the local option clauses of the Licensing Act took place m several suburban boroughs on the Sth inst, and in each case the vote waa almost unammons against the increase of public houseB New South Wales is likely to sond 70 casks and 3,000 bottleB of wine to the Bordeaux Lxhibition Robert Coy le was found guilty at the Mudgee sessions of blowing up on engine, the property of Measrs Tishourn and Morton, railway contractors for the Mudgee line He waa ei.ntein.ed to Beven years hard labour on the public roads of the colony Complete returns from the Tenterfield elec- tion gno Mr Fraser a majority of 43, he having polled 302 votes, and Mr Bennett 31<) Mr J G Thurlow poisoned himBelf on Triday evening, the 10th inst He had been in a despondent elate of mind ainco hia ap- pointment to tho position of clerk of potty sessions at Sydney, although he was np« pointed to that office at bia own wiBh The pressure of w ork in connexion with the new Licensing Act worried him An inquest waa commented on Saturday, and adjourned until lhureday to enable the Government analyst to examine tho stomach Dr Maraño, the consul for Italy, has re- tejed information that King Humbert has been pleased to creato Sir llenry Parkes a Knight Commander of the Crown of Italy, and Mr G 1 A\ me, immigration agent, and Mr Marsh, stipendiary magistrate, Knight Companions of the same order in recognition of the kmdneBB shown to tho unfortunate HolianB who were connected with tbo Mar quia de lipy B exj edition toNew Ireland, and. who found their way to Now South WnleB Captain Bracegirdle, of the steamer City of Grafton, arrived at Port Jackson on Tuesday, the 31st ult., and reported having left the steamer Fiona ashore near the Seal Rocks Point at 5 o'clock on the previous afternoon. Three attempts were made to tow her off, but without success. The passengers and one of the crew of the Fiona, who was injured, were taken on board the City of Grafton. A meeting of the Marine Board was held to inquire into the stranding of the steamer. After hearing the evidence the board de- cided that the wreck waa caused by the wrongful act or default of the master, Wm. Alexander Curphey, in mistaking Port Stephens light to be the Seal Rocks light. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. Humours having been circulated to th effect that the Governor, Sir W. F. I Jervois, ia to be transferred to the Mauritiui Hie Excellency informed the preBa that h had no knowledge whatever of any intentio on the part of the Colonial Office to mall any euch transfer. A handsome presentation baa been mat to Misa L. C. Jervois by the young ladit connected with the Girls' Friendly Societ: on the occasion of ber approaching marria» to tho Rev. Mr. Cunt, an Anglican clerg: man. Harvest operations are proceeding rapidlj In the Mount Gambier district Borne cror will run aa high aa 25 to 35 bushels to th acre, while others will not go more than or 10 buBhels. In Borne of the old settled dil tricts south of Adelaide the variation ia ati greater, dropping as low aa 2 bushela to tb acre, and running up to as much as 2 buBhels, Tho sale of the Herbert River pastora country, comprising 8,000 square miles, in th Northern Territory, baa attracted considei able interest. The prices realised range from 3s. Gd. to £2 10s. per square mile, th average reaching £1 2s. 9d. per square mile. A despatch from the Secretary of Stat states that it ia not the intention of He Majesty's Government to make any furthe appointment to the see of Adelaide. Thi removes any doubt aa to tho right of the fre election of the bishop in the diocese. The Rev. E. Blaubaum, of St. Kilda, ha written to the Chief Secretary, asking th Government to offer inducements for Kuaaiai Jewish immigration. Statistica just published show that th total value of staple exports during 1831 wa £3,643,402. The combined import and expoi trade was valued at £0,631,810. The import retained for home consumption amounted t £4,459.708, and the exports of the produce c the colony to £3,643,402. The Carola, the first German wanbi Which has viBited South Australia, arrive^ on February 8. She is under the cominan of Captain von Galater. The Carola is ii commission for the Australian Btation, am ehe made the passage from the Cape unde canvas in 33 days. His Excellency the Governor's country resi dence, Marble-hill, has been endangered b> tbe proximity of bush-Urea. The ateam yacht Helen went ashore nea the Bcene of the Admella wreck on Thursday the 0th inat. The following telegram has been receivec from Mr. W. Graham, Stationmaster at Eyre'i Sand Patch, on the Western Australian tele graph line :-" It will be remembered tim Mr. Eyre, the explorer, in MB memorable journey 40 y ear Bago, had a companion namec Baxter, who was murdered by his own nativi boys about 45 miles west of this patch. Twc natives laat week brought Baxter's legs arma, and other bonea to our lineman, Mr John Healy, wben on the line 50 miles west, also portion of the ironwork of a saddle and horasBhoe naila in a wonderful state of pre Bervation. 1 some time ago recovered a gue eaten with rust, which I believe ia tin weapon with which the murder was com .. milled. I have aacertained from the natives that the boya certainly reached Eucla or their way back, and they are positive thej returned to their own district in South Aus tralia." QUEENSLAND. His Excellency the Governor, the Premier the Minister of Lands, and the Attorney General, visited the Warwick Agricultural Show. Bain baa fallen in all parts of the colony, and in some placea very heavily. Flooda are numerous in Borne placea, and the coach traffic is almost entirely stopped. In the country around Belyando River Oin. of rain fell in 24 hours. Alderman Porter has been elected mayor oi Brisbane. Tbe Queensland mail steamer Roma arrived at Cooktown at 2 a.m. on Saturday, Februars 11, with nearly 300 immigrants on board, all of whom were well. The vessel wa3 detained at Suez for two days awaiting the maila. A large meeting has been held at Cook- town, to deviso meanB to erect a monument to Mrs. Watson, the heroine of Lizard Island. Mr. Peck, of the firm of Peck and Turner, of Comrith Btation, near Dalby, died sud- denly on February 10 of heart diaease, in the Metropolitan Hotel, whilst on a visit to the city. Mr. Collina, the representative of the new Australasian Syndicate, and wbo is now in Brisbane, has despatched a survey party from Mitchell. They will proceed byway of Charle- ville and Cunnamulla, to the border of New South WaleB. The published returns of the Mackay crush ings for the Beason which is just closing show a total of nearly 11,000 tons of sugar, which equals a money value of nearly £275,000. Professor Pepper has entirely failed to carry out bis ram-making experiments. Mr. Griffith, the leader of the Opposition, with Mr. Miles, member of tbe Assembly, were banqueted at Townsville on February 1. The demonstration WBB a great BUCCBBS. Both advocated payment of members and trien- nial Parliaments in the course of their Judge Sheppard, of the Northern Supreme Court, has obtained 12 months' leave of ab- sence, dating from April next, Judge Paul will take his place. The Government Savings Bank returns for January BIIOW an increase in the amount to the credit of depositors of over £16,000. The Brisbane Gas Company, at their annual meeting on February 3, declared a dividend of 10 per cent. WESTERN AUSTRALIA. A quantity of wreckage has been found at the south end of Garden Island. It included spears, deck planks, and a top-gallant rail 1 painted black on the outside and white on the inside. It is supposed to have belonged to the brig Jumna, which probably foundeiod . on the Coventry or Naturalist Reef. The remains of a man named Lowe, lost . live monthB ago near the Gardoyne River, have been found about 30 miles from the spot where he WBB loft by hia companion, named Brockman, His clotheB were Btrewn about, and there are other evidences of death having been canaed by want of water. Much distress has been caused in tbo country districts by the failure of water for stock. Many springs which have been per. . manent for years have given out. Leaaea amounting in the aggregate to 5,600 ¿quere milea of country at Kimberley and in the North-West district were approved of by the Landa office on Wednesday. The majority of the applications were from New South 'Wales. ?Themen who murdered the pearler, Josh Woodo, at Lagrange Bay, wero tried at tbe late assizes-nine fine, stalwart, intelligent looking young natives. It was genorally con- sidered that the execution ol one or two of the eldest of theBe young Bavagea on the spot where the murder WBB committed would have had a very salutary effect. The Executive, however, thought otherwise, and their death Bentencea bave all been commuted to penal eeivitude for life on Rottnest Island. TASMANIA The revenue returnB for the month of January show a considerable increase over tboBo of the corresponding month of 1881. The Customs receipts amount to £23,09G, or an improvement of £4,737 ; and in all other branches of revenue there is a buoyant tendency. A few of the leading citizens of Hobart have determined to erect a new theatre there, and for that purpose have formed a company with a capital of £30,000. The theatre will occupy the site next the Ship Hotel in Collins-street. An official inspection of the local forcea has been made during the past fortnight by Colonel Scratchley, who has expressed him Belt well satisfied with tho efficiency of the volunteers. At the annual meeting of the Tasmanian Steam Navigation Company, the chairman Mated that the directora had not lost sight of JP« deBmibility.f establishing a trade with the WeBt Coast of the island, and hopea were SîAn??,T^' ,atcamers would soon be run direct from Lngland to Tasmania. NEW ZEALAND. Native affaira'are quiet, and wearing on the whole a more favourable aspect than for years. King Tawhiao has como out of the seclusion he baa so long maintained. A bridge has just been completed connecting his territory with European settlements, and ere long it ia probable some of hia land will be opened up for lease or aale, and the excel- lent harbour of Kawhia thrown open for JEuropoan trade. The Auckland papers publish fall and in- | tercating reporta of the visit of Tiwhiio that city and bis enthnBtastic reception the inhabitants Severe vundB bave prevailed m the nor and at Otago and South Canterbury sent injury has been done to the standing ero In miny diBtncts the yield, which was i pected te give CO bushels to the acre, will t give 20 Lúahels The quarter arovenuo accounts hnvo JI been publiehed Tho ordinary rcturnB for I quarter ended 31st December, 1881, araounl to £1,101,319 including customs £306,2; railways, £205 812, alampa, £30 399, post £34 398, telegnphic, £19 315 , beer da £17,024 , judicial, £10 079 , depastun licenses, 130 927 The expenditure v £782 385 The celebrated Waitera chief Wirei Kingi, whee death was reported on tho 1! January was the man through whose fluencethe first Natue war-that of 18f( was begun in New Zealnud Wiremu K11 has lived for many years in peace seclusion Captain CroBB died at Nelson on January He WOB well known as harbourmaster that port He arrived from Lngland in I ehip Whitby, in the year 1841 and diacovei Nelson Harbour He was the list survivor the men who came out in the Whitby, n was greatly respected by all mariners wi whom ho came in contact The cricket match between the Engb Eleven and Twenty two of Auckland end in a victory for tho former. The Anckla team mado 122 in their first innings, a tbe Englishmen 1CC for the loss of fe wickets Wellington was visited on the 1st Tebrut by one of the moBt violent shocks of earl quake experienced for years, but BO far as h been ascertained but little or no injury w occasioned either to public, commercial private buildings The earthquake was £ over a vast area of country The Rev Thomas James Jagger, one of t first miBBionanes sent out by tho John Wi ley to Fiji, died at Auckland on the 28 January A great fire has occurredat Gisborne Car: bonded stores and a number of other bud inga were destroyed The damage done estimated at £100 000 The buildings d etroyed were insured for £22 380 Mr Hunt, of Samoa, bas come to N< Zealand to institute an action against t High Commissioner for the Pacific, i Arthur Gordon, for false arrest The wife and six children of Henry Sim son, a farmer near Tyreton, Canterbury, we burned to death during the destruction of ti farmhouse by fire Another large fire is reported from Napu It was caused by a gas explosion The fi destroyed the drapery premises of theMeBSi Cornfolds, the Law office, Camels phot graphic establishment, Largo and Townley furniture shop, and some small building The loss is estimated at £15 000 The amoui of the inBurancea is uncertain FÏJT Recent galea bave done considerable damat to the sugar crop The Rewa River rose I a height nearly equal to 1871, and some i the cane suffered from this cause, while o the higher ground the wind was atroc enough to hurt it senouBly The FIJI Argus reports -"Among ti casualties which have occurred during tb gales may be mentioned the loai of ti schooner Mona and the cutter Fly TI ketch Patience has also gone ashore at Ni Koro Koro, the schooner Bete at Vadratai the cutter Lomai Viti at Vagadace, bt they are not senouBly injured Erom Suv we regret io hear of a serious loss to ti Colonial Sugar Refining Company, two ( their punts, containing valuable cargo, on of them having 12 horBea on board, havir been driven out to sea and loat, while a thin containing hardwood, went down in tbo ha hour ' _ MONETARY AND COMMERCIAI The Argus Office, Tuesday Evening The R.M S S Khedive, with the Australia mails for India and Europe, took her depai ture for Galle on the afternoon of the le met, leaving Williamstown Railway pier 8 a quarter past 1pm, and clearing Poi Phillip Heads at 10 minutes past 5pm The English mails via Suez reached here o: the morning of the 6th Tebruary by th R M S S Rosetta, which anchored in the ba about 2 o clock On this occasion they hav been dehvered in good time, namely, 37 day from London The Rosetta had favourabl weather, and steamed remarkably wel throughout the passage It is fortunate tba she is in auch thorough order for in coner. quence of the enforced detention of the Mir/a pore she will have to take the present mail for Europe, leaving on Thursday, the 10th The firBt steamer connected with the Mee Bagen.eB Maritimes which has undertaken ti carry on a regular service between 1 ranee am the Australian colonies, will arrive in Mel bourne in November next 1 ive steamer will be engaged in the trade, and aomi baie by tins time been launched I has already been announced what thi route will be, viz, from Marseilles uâ tin Sue/ Canal, Aden Pu,union and Mauritius to Adelaide, Melbourne, Sydney and Noumei (New Caledonia), which is to bo the terminus The BubBidy received from the Trench Go vernment is the chief inducement the com pany will ha\ e to include New Caledonia in its Bcbeme It is with Australia that the director: hope to do the largest business They alsc calculait) on obtaining a considerable amounl of intermediate trado between Mauritius anc the Australian porta The eatabliahraen of the Messageries Maritimes line wil probably be of great advantage to th< colonial vignerons in enabling thora te obtain a footing in the Trench markets The revenue still continues to improve and the returns for the month show tba the sum of £332 0oj baa been received CUB toms excise, and railways all Bhow ar increase over the amounts tbey yieldet in the corresponding month of 1881 , bu the Lands department is somewhat behind hand, both in stlea by auction and the pro gresaive payments due from selection Sever months of the financial year have non expired and the gross revenue so far II £130 000 above the estimates Bnbmitted bj Sir Bryan O Loghlen m September last Th( hopeful view which he tben took of thi financial prospect was therefore fully justified As compared with the corresponding sever months of 18801 there has been an actua increase of £200 000 Wo have stated aboví that the revenue from the public land; showed a deficiency on the estimate BO far a; the financial year had gone The deficiency, however, IB growing less, being £35 2GG now, whereas on December 14 it was £58 240 With regard to the deficiency of £35 266 the receipts from Bales by auction were no less than £32 074 below the estimate While some oi the items of the land revenue were below the estimate, others were above it, but one oi the items which showed a deficiency waa renta from selectors Under that bead the receipts were, on the 21st January, £29,G22 less than the estimate forthat portion of the finanmlyear which had then expired But, on January 28, this deficiency had decreased to 121938, or to abont £3.000 leas than it waa a week previously At the end of January, 1881, the deficiency on the estimate of re venue from rentB was £41,48o, or £20 000 moro than it IB at preaont, and the total deficiency on the estimate of land revenue for the year was, at that time, £92 3J8, OI about £G0 000 more than it is at present Since 1878 selection has fallen off to the extent of more than 50 por cent In 1881 the applications granted under the 19th sec tion comprised 5G1 000 acres against 72o 000 acres in 1880 The following gratifying result of good government haa just been mado public -In consequence of tho nourishing state of the exchequor tho Ireasurer has lately felt himself in a position to i urchase back the outstanding balance of the J per cent Ireasury bonds issued under the last Berry Government The total amount of these bonds issued was £ 00 000, and it was provided that they were to be re deemed in three lots, the first payment to bo made on November 1, 1881 the second on November 1, lbS2 and the third on Novem ber 1,1S83 Accordingly, on the 1st of last November the first payment, to the extent of £1C0 000, was made Although the other two instalments are not due for some time the Treasurer has lately completed theipurchaso of £301 000 worth, and ne is also in a post tion to take up the remaining £29.000 The state will then owe nothing beyond the capitalised debt As to the Railway Loan and Construction Account that also is swept out of existence Under the Land Act, 18G9, it was provided that £200,000 Bhould be set apart yearly out of the receipts from Crown lands for the pur poses of railway extension Various Govern menta have, to meet temporary omorgoncies, borrowed from that fund, but the pre sent Government have made the last pay ment on account of it, and Hie whole of the £2 200,000 has at last been provided out of revenue A comparative statement of the wharfage and customs revenue for the month of January in the years 1881 and 1882 haB been prepared by the Customs depart mea! From this document it appears that the revenue m January, 1881, waa £137 007 OB 8d .and m January, 1882, £17o,2öl 12s lid , Bhowmg an increase in favour of the present year of £38 247 6s 3d The traffic returns on Victorian railways for the week | ending february 2 were prepared last week, i Thc> show that tho total receipts amoun to I S2_7 2- Od tina making tho i"grtg returns from July 1 last jear, £1,008 1-5 I 2d The weekly average has been for f period £^2.529 Ila 2d 1 ho return for corresponding week of 18S1 was £38,21)3 Od , but the decrease in passenger receipt! stated at £2 58713' lid 1 hia is attnbutu the fact of tho Lxhibition last j ear cauaini larger number of persons to travel over i lines 1 he new border treaty between Victc aiidSouth Australia has been received in K bourne, duly sigued by the Governor of : Bister colonj, An officer of the Victor Customs department proceeded on the ! mat to the border to carry out the arran mente required by tho treatj, and to give I ncceesary niBtructionB to the permam officers located on Hie border Tho \ lgnen of South Australia are desirous of co operat with tbo Victorian committee in Bend: exhibits to Bordeiux On the 3rd a telegr, wUB received from Mr Thomas Hardj, of A laido, OB! mg whether the committeo woi object to air George Billiet being entruBl with tbe care of tho South Australian win in addition to thoBe which are to bo shipr under his charge from Melbourne In rep he was informed that tho committee wist to make the representation of the colonies complete as practicable, and would be vi glad to permit Mr Billiet to look after I interests of the Adelaide exhibitors Vi regard to the Victorian contributions, ti will be numerous and comprehenst Between 40 and 50 exhibitors have giv in their nameB The 4th mat. waa the li day for sending in exhibita Mr II P Sturt waa a short time ago appointed by t Government an honorary commissioner the Bordeaux Wine Exhibition, He I been selected because of special qualificatic aB a judge of wine, and also beear it is considered that his lengthen colonial experience will enable him to : present Victoria efficiently Mr Sturt willi in conjunction with Mr H Seward, reBide partner at Bordeaux of the firm of Curci and Ade!. The Government have receiv a telegram from Mr Seward, at Bordean Btating that all the Bpace applied for . behalf of the colony at the Wine Exhiban there baa been granted On the 5th inst telegram, dated 3rd inst, was received frc London, in which the consignment of froz meat by the Cuzco waa referred to in a higl: satisfactory manner Three days afterwart however, another telegram was receive dated 7th mat, sneaking disparagingly of t shipment The directors of the Auatralu Frozen Meat Export Company Limited he have therefore requested us to stn that the shipment of frozen meat p e s Cuzco, now selling in London, ai reported to be inferior in quality as wi aB imperfectly prepared, ia not a Bhipmo from their company in Melbourne, b from the Orange Company of New Son \Y alea The recent shipments from the M: bourne company per B a Orient and B Europa, which were entirely prepared their own works here under tho dry cold a procesa, sold well in London, and gave eve satisfaction, both as to the quality of mc and careful preparation, and were prouounci by all who saw tnem to be in the most perte condition and equal in every respect to ti beat English meat The reported inferí quality of the Cuzco'a Bhipmeut is the mo unfortunate, BB the directors of the Mc bourne company confidently expected th; the meat per Cuzco would have been of sue a quality as to strengthen the character i Australian meat, and thereby maintain a vanced p ices for their shipment per Proto now on the way to London, the quality i whicb IB in every way equal to their past ahí; menta This company (the Australian Froze Meat Export Company, Limited) inform i furtber that they have made an engagemei with the Orient Company for the availab space in the four steamers of the com par at present fitted up for the froz°n meat trad' The arrangement is at present limited to Bingle trip each of these Bteamors, and ti first Bbipment will be made by the Garonn which they hope to despatch from this po: in a few weeks Business in the markets daring the last for night has been steady, and a conBiderabl trade altogether has been done, though ltttl of a speculative character h na been allowe to obtrude upon a really Bound and activ demand for requirements, which has bee experienced since we last wrote, and thoug the bulk of the trade done seems to hav been monopolised by two or three specialise on which there has been a very heavy ran j et other descriptions of merchandise hithert neglected, but now coming into season, bav added considerably to the appearance c animation which has existed Bulk ale bave been little noticed, but bottled beer have had fair attention In jute goods cornsackB have had no business bayon ordinary wants, while on the other hand movement in woolpacks baB resulted in th clearance of 1 200 bales, and a good advanc being established on previous ruling rates The Glenburn and the Argus, arrivei lately from Calcutta, have added con siderably to stocka Candles have ha attention, and fish havo been largely deal in, while ¡n frusta about SOO barrels o currants have changed banda Operations u breadstufl's bavo been of sufficient importanci to cause wheat to advance to 5s 5d at eta tion, or nearly 5s Cd f o b , a rate highly satis [ factory to farmers, but a ruinous price foi shippers m the face of present proapeeti at home Since the cloae of January, 2! veasels have cleared, wholly or in pari loaded with wbeat and Hour The receipt! of flour and wheat during the fortnighi ending 4th mat at Melbourne, S_nd. ridge and Williamstown have amounted tx 23,068 bags of flour, and 140,108 bagB o wheat. At Geelong 3 685 baga of flour, anrj 43,065 bagB of wheat were received Thi ehipments during the same period amountec to 32 995 bags of flour, and 150,073 bags o: wheat, and are for the year 59,865 bagi of flour, and 195,069 bags of wheat lr feeding grains a large business haa beer done m oats Malting barley baa BIBC been dealt in to a fair extent New Victorian hopa have appeared m thi market Large aalea of corrugated galva msed iron are mentioned Rice has beer marked by the arrival of the Argus with th< first of the new season s Parna, that ship bav mg made a quick run About a third of thi Bbipment ia said to have changed banda Actual particulars of the transaction have however, been quiet for the present Open tiona in sugars have been extensive lh( cargoes of the Tleur do Maurice, Maggil Dixon, Nonpareil, Antelope Golden Russet Bernice, Wotonga, and President Thiers, it addition to largo parcels of broken ahip menta, have all been cleared off Teas havt likewise been largely dealt lu, about 16,00( packages having been disposed of Timber u active, and full prices are realised Brandie; are beginning to move more freely. Tht wool Bales are drawing to a close loui of theBe sales only have been held during the fortnight at which 3 l61 bales have found buyers Telegrams advise that the London February BaleB commence on 28th inst In Btation property the following business is advised-Messrs Macdermott, Loughnau, and Scarr report having sold (in conjunction with Messrs lîlder Smith, and Co .Adelaide] by auction, on the 27th ult, at Adelaide,fon account of Mr James T Turnbull bia blocks of country numbered 4 203 4 291, 3 313, 3 d14, 3 303, 3 310 3 311, 3 312 situated betweon Newcastle Waters and Daly Waters, in the northern territory of South Australia compris mg an area of 2 640 square miles, to Mr Djvid Comrie, of Adelaide Mesara Ltterahank, Eaglestone, and Mann (in conjunction with Messrs James Turner and Son) report the sale of Marfield Station, consisting of Mar field Blocks A and B and Moama lilocka W and V, situated in the Albert district of New South Wales, together with Bheep, cattle, horseB, \c , on account ot MesBrs M Meekin, Paton, and Co to Mesara Charles Tartiere and Co Mr Henry Stevenson reporta have sold Mr Gibbs farm, adjoining the Broad meadows railway Btation, to Mr Dun can M PbcrBon, for £22 10s per acr cash Mr Charles Brown reporta having solde on account of Mr \V J Malpas his runs m Warrego and Maranoa districts, OueenBland knows as Oblong Thule, and Cobrum con taming over 227 square miloa, to Mr J M Kenzie, at a satisfactory price Messrs Raleigh, Aitken, and Co report having sold Mr Donald Larnach a Langwarrin Lstito, near TrankBton, comprising 7 032a 3r 17p of freehold land highly unproved, to Measra Richardeon, Croker, and, Hann at a satis factory figure Messrs Appleton and Co report eulo of Mr T K Archers free hold catato of 1200 acres, on the Queenscliff road, at a satisfactory price to Mr Jamea Wilson, of St Albans MeBBra Wilkinson, Graves, and Lavender (in conjunction with Measra Raleigh, Aitken, and Co ) report having aold by auction, on account of Messrs M'Gaw aud Co , their Burrabogie estate, situated on the Murrum bidgee River, near Hay, with about 227 825 acres of freehold land togethor with Crown lands, and with 137,907 sheep, 120 cattle, and 122 horses, to Mr Titzwilliam Wentworth, for the Bum of £410,000 Exchange is steady Wo quote 60 dais sight bank drafts on London at J per cent premium The banka purchase drafts with documenta at ¡J per cent discount. Interest ia allowed by the banka at 2 per cent on deposits of three montha, 3 per cent on six months, and 4 per cent on 12 months Discount ratea are maintained. We continue to quote 5, 6, and 7 per cent, for two, three, and four months' bills. By the mailB to band we have dates from London, 80th December, from Colombo pn vately to 18th January , from Singapore to 3l8t December, from Manila to 17th Decem 1er from 11 tun t> 1th J inuary fron New York to 7th Januiry 1 he clearances of gold during tho f ortnigh have amounted to 12111oz. The to'al ex ports since tho beginning of thieyear hat bien 19 S93oz , while for tho correspondis period of last year they were 27 090oz Trom the CuBtomB returns the value of th imports at the port of Melbourne for thi month of January appears to have beet £1 302 193, while tho exports amounted ti £1 538 9G1 Amongst the imports were gold £10 DIG specie £0 2T0, coal, £12 8G2 augar £lr3 888 , ten, £18 05G , and wool, £70 801 I ho chief items under exporta were wool £7JG 831 specie, £211 020 gold £2o >12 wheat £110 829 flour £11097, tallow £26 001 and leather £43 229 Among thi exports from the port of Geelong during thi sime month were wool, £91) J24 , llour £0 391, and meats £8 221 DANhS AàD PUBLIC C0MPAVIE8 The half yearly meeting of the shareholder of the Bank of Victoria was held on the 7tl inst in the banking house Collins street Melbourne Mr Henry Miller occupiei tho chair On the motion of Mr Carson tbo 58th half yearly^ report and balance sheet were adopted, and a dividend of ! per cent per aruum declared Mr Giirne moved, and Mr Shaw seconded a voto o thanks to the board of management fo their services during the laBt half year, Mr John Trood remarked that the way in whict the auditors had performed their dutiei was not, in his opinion, very satisfactory Bags of coppers bad beon taken for bags o silver, their contents never having beet looked at He hoped they would not be so las m the future Ihe motion was carried unani moualy TbeChairman acknowledged thovoti of thanks for himself and colleagues, and ir doing BO observed that the past half yeal had been a timo of considerable difficulty te the directors As to tbo remarks of Mr Trood about the auditorB he thought the« were very extenuating circumstances They had, it should be remembered, to deal with e man who was now a convict in gaol, and wore deceived by a trick that none of them evei thought could be perpetrated by a person in whom they had the nioat perfect confidence He assured the shareholders, howover, thal the utmost vigilance was now exercised by all the officers, and especially by the auditors The half yearly meeting of the shareholders of the Commercial Bank was held on the 1st inst, at the bank Collina street west, Mr 1 Moubray presiding, and a large num ber of shareholders being present The re port and balance sheet presented were of a very satisfactory character aa regarded the financial position of the bank It ivas also mentioned in the report that Mr Turner, the general manager, waa about to proceed to London to establish an office there in con nexion with the bank, and that in doing BO he would have the valuable assistance of Mr Service, who is at present m England The report and balance Bheot were adopted and a dividend at the rate of 8 per cent per annum was declared Mesara G Coppin and J Mason, retiring directors, were re elected, and MeEsrs W H Tuckett and W G Sprigg were appointed auditors The sixteenth half yearly meeting of the Australian Deposit and Mortgage Bank was held on the 7th met, the Hon J Balfour, M L C , presiding The report and balance sheet, which were of a favourable character were adopted, and the usual dividend of 8 per cent per annum declared The 24th half yearly ordinary general meet ingof shareholders in the Australasian Plato glass Insurance Company was held at the office, 58 Temple court Melbourne, on the Cth inst Mr John L Roberts took the chair The report and balance sheet were read and adopted Messrs John L Roberts, Vi m Weaver Orlando 1 enwick, and William Menfield were re elected directors, and Mr Alex H Young was also elected a director of the company Mesara W G Sprigg and Wm Bord were re elected auditors The half yearly general meeting of the Model Lodginghouse Company was held on the 31st ult The report of the directors stated that the balance to the credit of profit and loss account vaB £121 11s Id , from which the directors recommended the pay ment of a dividend of 10 per cent They further recommended that a Bum of £100 ebould be passed to a reserve fund account and the balance of £8719s Id bo carried for the next half year The report was adopted and the retiring directors and auditors were re elected The firet half yearly meeting of the In demnity Fire and Marine Insurance Company of Australasia was held on the 8th inst at the Melbourne Exchange Ihe Hon C J Jenner, M L C , occupied the chair, and moved the adoption of the report In giving a brief history of the company, he said they had purchased the business of the City Mutual Insurance Company which had been in existence for Borne years, had a paid up capital of £10 000, had always paid dividends of 10 per cent and had an accumulated reserve of £8 000 Mr R O Auderson had been appointed manager, and bia appoint ment had led to the purchase of the City Mutual Company, and to a considerable in crease of business Mr Lawrence, tn second ing the motion, said the progroaa made by the company waa eminently satisfactory Thanks were due to the directors for having secured the services pf Mr Anderson The motion was carried, and a dividend of 10 per cent declared lhe half yearly meeting of the National Insurance Company waa held on the 3rd inst at their offices, Collins street west, Mr 1 Moubray presiding A favourable report and balance sheet were presented and adopted, and a dividend at the rate of S per cent per annum declared Mesera Coghlan and Lew», retiung members of the Ballarat board of directors, were re elected lhere were three directors to be elected on the Melbourne board in place of Mesara Aleton and Carter retiring directors, and Mr C J Jenner, who bad resigned Bince the last half yearly meet ing, and there were four candidates, namely, MesBrs Alston, Carter, Benson, and Mason The poll for the election of directors resulted m the return of Messrs Alston, Carter, and Benson Ihe half yearly meeting of the Australasian Building and Iuveatment Society, held on the 6th met, disclosed some curious facts as to the depreciation of property in the Echuca district It appeared from the di rectors report that the moneys of the aociety had been largely invested in Echuca property, but latterly there had be»n such a serious depreciation that it was found impossible to realise, and to meet the threatened deficiency the directors deemed it advisable to transfer the reserve fund to a suspense account Ihe chairman (Mr J Halfoy) attributed the depre ciation in 1 chuca securities to the operation of the export duty on redgum, and a share holder interjected the remark that 3 000 men had left Echuca m consequence of the closing of the saw mills through the operation of the duty referred to Two speakers censurer* the directors for what they characterised as want of common sense m investing five BixtliB of the society s capital m a Bingle locality, and one more indignant than tbo rest characterised the directors as ' down right fool a in money matters The directors bore their verbal chastisement very meekly and the report and balance sheet having been formally adopted the meeting terminated The twentieth half yearly meeting of the Melbourne \\\ oollon Mill Company waa held on the 1st inst, at the Temperance hall Ruaaell street Mr James Munro M L A , presiding The report and balance sheet presented were of a rather moro favourable character than the report of the previous half year but no dividend was announced The report and balanco sheet were adopted and the chair man and Messrs W Bell and 1 E Boiver were re elected directors An ordinary general meeting of the Southern Insurance Company was held on tho 10th mat at the offices, Queen Btreet Mr Yt Vi Coticho vice chairman, presiding There was a large attendance of shareholders Ihe half yearly statement of accounts and directora report which hid been previously published and circulated were taken aa read In moving their adoption the chairman congratulated the ehareholders on the con turned prosperity of the institution Hie past year had been characterised by heavy maritime losses consequent on the violeuce and number of BtormB but ho was happy to say that the company had como out of tho ordeal very favonrably Not only were tho directors in a position to recommend the pay mont of the usual dividend of 10 per cont, but for the first time in the history of the company they were enabled to grant a bonus of sixpence per Bhare The motion was agreed to and Messrs E Langton and J H Blackwood were appointed directors Ihe eighteenth annual meeting of the Metropolitan Building Society waB held on Monday evening at the offices Collins Btreet east Mr J Callaghan, vice chairman of the beard of directors presiding The annual re port and balance aheet were presented, ind in moving their adoption the chairman said that considering the active competition of the past year it was matter for congratula tion that the directors were enabled to de clare the usual dividend of 8 per cent Mr J lergusson seconded the motion Attou tion waa called to the forgeries committed by Searcy, the late cashier of the society, by means of which he had embezHed about £700 of the Bociety s money The Beere tory, Mr R G Benson in reply, Bald the directors were all of opinion that no blame attached to him in connexion with the recent embezzlements So cleverly had the forgeneB been committed that their detec tion was almost a matter of impossibility It was his intention to introduce a new system into the office that would afford as many safe guards as posBible. Ho considered tho share holders had reason to be thankful that in th: IS years of the society a oxistenco no sucl breach of conGdenco had occurred until tin lato unfortunate episode The motion wa agreed to, mid the following office bearer were elected for the ensuing >ear -Chair mon, Mr O rennick, vice chairman, Mr J Callaghan, committee, Mesara K Ashley, A GilleBpic, li II Hnjtcr, U A Kendron an< T. Manson VoteB of thanks to tho chairman directorB, Becrctary and officers were paBSOi and acknowledged, Ale and Stout -Tho marka for bulk ales main tains a ícry quiet tone, and BalcB aro only making fo actual requirements Bass Is moving at £9 Tn Carllslo Companj s IB worth £8 to £8 10a M Ewan linds buyers at and up to £8 according to qu»ntltt About DO litada havo leen disposed ol this week Bottled ales aro going off steadily for trade purposes a well sustained rates Fosters Is moving at Hi Read s doge head Is dlspo8cdoI at 10s Od to 103 JJ Tho bulldog brand fluda a rc-vdj Balo at 10s 01 to 10« 9d Burkes triangle Is quitted at 10a 3d to 10s flJ Flensburg stock alo brings 10a 01 Slono a triangl can bo purchased at 10s to 10s 8d li Enana 1 Bteady at 108. to 10B 3d , boars head Is solllni at De Gd Tonnent B Is maintained at 8s Od Sales ol Woods aro making at 8a Od to 8a 01 Bottled stouts aro In good request likewise., and lui rates continuo to be paid Burke s commands alten tlon at our quotation ot 10s to 10B 3d Edmonds pig brand realises 10o Head s dog s head is qulttei at 10s Bulldog brand brings 0s. Od Consldorabl BalcB ol boat a head aro making at Da 6d to 0a Od according to quantity Foster 9 Guinness a command from 0s. to D9 Gd O Brien s dagger brand is In de mond at up to Da 3d , according to quantity Blond Is fairly saleable , wo quoto 8s Od to 0a Bagging - Thcro ia lillie doing in juto gooda of an; description, a trado demand for cornsacks Is ox porlenccd but nothing moro, and aalos havo boen road at Da to 03 3d uptoCObalcsinallno NolargollneBhavi been quitted, and to lnduco bujers to operate It I clear, as tho market now stands, 89 Od would liavi lo Lo accepted Sales during tbo fortnight aggrogati about 800 bales Woolpacks havo hal Inquiry, but ai j et business la checked by tbo Btlffneoa ot holders who require 2s 8d in bond As wo wrlto an opera tlon bas bcon reported, which haa rcsultod in cloarlnj the market to tho extent of 1,200 balea and holder have now advanccdtheflguroconsldorabry Victoria! packsareo_crlngat8s 2d Branbagsaroqnlttedat 0a lid tods 3d .and a fair business has boon dono at th< prlco Gunnies aro firm at 8s , but no special tranB actions have been advised ot late Tbo Glenburn ant tbo Argus havo arrived this w-ook from Caloutt» witt considerable supplies Ko Calcutta mail has corni foiward by the present Bteamer, tho Rosotta, Boots and Shoes-Only a moderato buslnctt has been reported At auction on Thursday, tho follow Ing prices wero rcollBed -Girls 7 0 almas 2s ltd , Is , do 10 13 do, 8s lOd, la 8d , maids' half kid E S, 4B Od , 6s. 8d , do goat Bhoes, 4a Od 6s , women s kid E 8 , 5s 3d , Ga Gd , do Urnas, 5s 6s 3d , men a call liais , 7s oil, Sa , do do E 8, Da do do shoes, 0a Od , 7s 3d, youths' bala, 5a 6s 3d On Friday, tbo loth, at auction, girlB 7 9 lae« brought 8a 7d , do do almas, 3s (k1, la , do 10 1! lace, la Cd , do do almas, 4a, 4s Od , maida hall lace, !. Od , do do almae, 4s Od , 0a , do vclvel slippers, 2a lOd , do lasting, 3s, 4s. Od , women*! velvet slippers 8s Od , do almas, 5s Od , Ol 8d , do kid E 8 , 4s Od , 7s , do ahoes, 4a Od , 7s. Od., men I kid E 8 , 7a 7d , 8s 6d , do calf almas, 0a Od , 8a do fancy slippers, 89 Sd, do bluchers, 0s Od, 7a Od , do Bbocs, 0s Gd , 7a Condies -Wo reporta firm market as far as roipeet: imported candles, but n reduction of ¿d por lb hai this week been announced on Victorian made Littlo lias boen done privately In foreign branda, the demand bolng limited to suppljlog ordinary wanta On Tuesday, tbo 31st uK, at auction, 800 boxes, chiefly Jenora, vero disposed ot at Sid , and on tbe 7th, further eales of Jenar's wera advised at 81 d For trado lota, according to brand, wo quote 8}d to8¡d The Nora Company's Btoarlne candles arc moilng qulotly at 10Jd Stocka In bond this week amount to 203 cases and 5,001 boxes, being a very con tlderablo reduction Victorian modo candles are le moderato trade request at slightly roducod rates Apollos aro quoted at Sid to 8}d , and cometa at 7Jd to 7_U Kitchen a petrollnca aro offered at 8} 1 te EJd , and their star brand at 7id to "¡d Cements-Wo ha\o littlo of tho slightest congo quenco to noto respecting Portland No transactions can bo reported beyond ordinary requirements There ia no chango In values. Prices can scarcely go lowor than ttaoy havo been quoted for some timo, and there Is no appearance of Improvement For known brandi wo continuo to quoto 14s Gd and 15B Supplies ol American plaster havo como forward, but, being dl\ Idcd amongst the trado, the market has not bcon much affected thereby For trado nareeb wo quote 22s Cd Che-deals havo not been markod by much Inquiry, and boyond the supplying of ordinary routine wanti wohavenobusiucsi to report Quotations aro with out chango -Soda crystals can bo purchase! lo parcels at £8 Small lots for ordinary requirement! aro moving at £0 Carbonato of soda Is worth £13 IDs Caustic aoda, GO per cent, Is worth £12 10a , and for 70 per cont £13 10a is the quoted prlco Flowers of sulphur bring £13 10a, but there is no groat Inquiry Tartarlc acid Is steady at lo lOd to 2s , eales aro making Crc∈ of tartar can bo purchas-d at Is 4d to la Gd Prepared opium is worth 21s to 25s Od Chicory boa a Irado Inquiry, but nothing moro Vlctcrlan modo is moving quietly at 5_d per lb , while largo packages aro disposed of at 6d per lb Coffee -In this ela pi o there Is nothing of Interest to refer to, business being restricted to the oxocutlon of mero trado ordcrB For dealers' lots, quotations remain unaltered, and tlicra is no business doing boyond that Plantation Is disposed of at lOJii to lOJd for Noa 1 and 2 Java plantation Is fully worth DJd For nativo Cejlon wo quote Sd Advices havo been received from Colombo by circular to Olli January, which report -"Slnco tho close of lho holidays there has beeu very little disposition on the part of buyers to oporato at tho rates demanded by growers, In tho faco of recent quotations from home, the only transactions having boen in parcela of ready plantation oolloo Tho b liol ii c8) re ported sinco tho re opening ot our market has com prificd ready plantation coffee at rates ranging from 47 50r to 50r , tbo latter being for a very approved growth M c do not hoar of any garden parchment coming on offer, attributable pul Hy to tho holidays al d rattly to tho scarcity of tho article In tho Interior Fortho little nativo coffee on offer 47r has boon ro fuEcd bj dealers, and no business has resulted ' Confectionery -Thcro Is a steady trade done In Victorian atsortmenta at our quotation ot Old Can died peel Is quitted at lOd to l8 Id Jujubes are quitted at la to Is Id Cordage.-Advices from Manilla to 17th December i,h o tbo quotation for hemp at £40 2s 8d por ton fob, and under such circumstances tbero 1B no likell hood of the price of Victorian ropo going lower at present Only suial! Bales, however, are making at tho extreme rates ruling Best Manilla hemp vic torlan mado rope is quoted at £07, jin to Jin cordage brings £7ö Flat ropes aro offering at £82 to £90, according to size Hay and bale hulling brings £07 liew Zealand flax made ropo 1B disposed ol at 43a Cordogo Bizce aro going off at 60s Hay lathing can bo purchased at 408 Seaming twines rulo at from Is to Is lid , and shop twines aio saleable at from Cd to lid Fish -Owing to tho approach of Lent, a movement commenced last week, ana baa conttnuod Binco, to moot Bcason B rcqulrementa, which baa completely altored the ospoct ol tho market Supplies do not appear to be abundant, and prices of almost all deaorlp tiona havo advanced considerably Ling Ia much wanted, and for line Gd has been obtained, Bales aro reportod at tho price Considerable pareóla of cod havo been moving nt up to 4_d Some good lines of lib herrlnga havo been taken up at 7a, after which 7s lid to 7s 3d became the asking rate As we closo tho price stands at 7a 3d lied herrings are wanted, but there ia no supply, half barrels whlto herrings aro sell Ing at 83s , lib salmon last week, was run up from 0s to OS 6d , and subsequently Da. 01 was ob talncd, and the price now stands at 0a Od to 10a asked Sardines have like wiso advanced In valuo, and tbo trado prlco demanded last woek was 10s to 10a 3d for halves, and 5s Gd to 5s Od for quarters About COO cases wero sold last wo"k, and soma largo eales havo been mado thla woek Prices have now advanced to 10s Gd to 10a Od for halves, and 5a 61 to 6s Od for quarters lib oysters maud at 7i, end lib lobslera at 8a 8d to On 1 tult -Though comparatlv ely neglected, somo Blgn of improvementwos uoticoablo last week In currant«, wblch aro quoted at 6d for small lots A Une of 200 barrels on ono occasion loat weer changed hands at a I rice supporting thia figuro this week 375 barrels wero taken at up to 4J 1 Raisins, bowover, havo bad littlo attention as jet, but quotations show- no chango Elcmca aro offered at 7d Valencias aro quoted at Cid to 7d , whllo sultanas can bo bought at OJd iluecatels ringo from l8 Id to Is 2d Figs aro quoted atDd to lOd 2 300 boxes wera thla woek cleared off at low cr rates Dried apples aro Baleablo at Cid to 7d Flour and Grain -We closed our last mall sum inarj Just aB the month of January waa ondlng and as It was then anticipated, tho completion of tho moro pressing engagements of January had tho effect ot calming down the cxclter_ent in breadstufTs which WOB BO prominent a feature of that wceka business, and the commoncemont of last wockia operations gavo evidonco of a tendency in tho market to recodo to moro legitimate quotations than wero then ruling That, however, was not allowod to laßt long, as by tho middle of tho week prices, after receding to CB , again touchod 5a 2d fob, delivered In town Altogether, during last week, sales wore reported to the c-tont of 27.000 bige, irrcspoctlvo of tho businc°a dono by direct purohaBos in the countrj and otherwise This wcok, howover, tho excitcmont in tho market becamo luton Billed ngain, and by Wednesday an ndvanco of 2d to 2_d waa CBtabllBhod, tho prlco of wheat being run up to 5s 4d to 5s 4}d at station which means fully 5s 5d f o b Tho followln¿ la tho week B busliices aa it transpired On Monday two 500 bag pnrcela wero sold at CB Id , at station, tliroo 600 bag parcels and one of 1 ODO bags wore quitted for width C3 ljd at station v as rcallsod Wehadalso to note the i-olo of 5 000 bars disposed of at 5s lid , fob On Tuesday privately somo 5 000 bags wore aken up by ono bujer at 5s 3d f o b A Uno of rC0 bags and somo £00 bagB found purchasers it 6a d at station, vvl Ho for a email parcol of 203 bag! IB dd at station was paid At auction ICO bogs were quitted at up lo 5s 2d Ou Wed needaj tho prlco suddenly and uncvpcctoJlj TOBO 2d per 1 UBhel In tho morning a small pare I of SCO bilga w aa quitted at 6s 2d ox Btoro but when tho auction sales for tho day were con moncod prl CB atoncovvent up to 6s 4d and CB 4}d , «hilo out of tho 6,«C0 bags offered publicly, 2 800 bags reallsod 5a 4d in ono Hue 'values generally rangod according to qualitj from Es OJd to 6s 2Jd , and Ga 3Jd to 6a 4id , prices which wero afterwards fall) supported by tbo private busincsa dono A Uno of COO bags was Bold at 6B 4d at Btation COO baga Ukowiso found a buv cr at 5B 4d ex Btoro, whllo 750 bags wero placed at Cs 4d delivered in town, and 5B 4d ox s-ore waB offered for at least 10,000 bags moro On Tbuicdaj, under tho hammer, J 3S0 bags woro cleared off at CB to Cs 2¡d , and 6s 3d to Ga 4d and Cs 4Jd In town At the last named figure 470 bugs wero taken lu ono Uno Thcso rates woro sustained bj tho buBincsa reported privately, whon two lines of 600 baga each and one of 1,000 bags wore placed at 6B 4d ex store and ex station An offer ot 6B 4d for 1 000 bags ex Btoro was also refused and a Careel of 260 ba¡,s was quitted at 5s lid at station o doy 3C0 bi¡,a wero quitted at 5B 4d ex store Subsequently we reported sales to tho oxteut of 0 600 bagB ex station and store whllo 700 baga woro taken up at 5B 5d, fob Flour until thia week baa remalnod stationary nt £10 10a to £10 12s Od , with compantlvcly lptlo doing, notwithstanding tho nrtlclo being proportionately much cheaper than whoat On Wednesday, howover, w ben a substantial advance on tho lattor waa estab llBhed, tho price of flour rose to £1017s 0a and as wo cloi e tho quotation utanda at £11 Nospecial doraand, howover, has been experienced throughout and no particular transactions have boon allowod to transpire boyond ord'uary requirements. The pilco of whoat In Adolaido has advanced to 6a Sd,while on Ibeothcrhandpnrlatoetcableadvlcoj from England advise that tbe quotation for AdcWdo «heat In Lordon bos recede.] to "B per qu-irtcr c uniíhuiH Astlic monillo! January closed ttodcai al tia of the VISBCIS loading durlnt. tho mont uno tolo Ttported On Monday, tho 33th Jamnrs 1039 l).|,s «ero e'eared ny the Norther Monarch for London On Tuccday t'io follow lil. clearances nero reported - Expresa, for Guan 7 133 lass »heat, Bonden, for Guam, 3 SOO ban »heat, Earlshall, for Guam, 6 600 bags whoat GIMIJ n, for Ovum, 1 057 1 ogs wheat, 5 801 ba^s llour On « odnceday, tho 1st of tilla month tho followln cleared -Golden J?leece for Cork, 16 018 bats wheat Arrow, forlalmouth 14 B73 bags wheat LocbShle' fur London, 11.037 bags tthiat Thrco vcsacli ti c Helene, Vtllliam Hales, and Ablol Abbott clr-iro out at tho port of Geelong »lth careóte of vv neat fo Guam The aggrcgato quantity shipped In tlios three was 24 014 bags o! which 1471 bags wcro re eclved in Melbourne Tbcslilp Lindsay «as also fu! last evening, baring on board 0 010 bags of whoat Tho Khcdltc baa 0,202 batts flour and 660 bags »heal Tho Jerusalem, which left last week for Antwcrj 1 os a large bl ipment The Johannes ltod core jilted her Bl ¡pment of 5 412 bags of »holt Th Arletldcs »hlch clcarcdforLolidonontho3rd hid4 00 bags of flour and 4 SOO bags of »heat, tho Veritas fo London, 1 000 bags Hour and f) 054 bags of wheat Oi 41h the Geo Thompson, foi Antwerp, clearoi with OtOO bags of wheat ; the Sobraon, for London via the Cape, with 1,256 bags flour and 9,673 bags wheat, Tbo Shannon, for London «lib 1320 bugs llour and 1,621 bags wheat On tho 6ih thc¡8vca for Guam with 7 721 bags »heat The Alexander has algosallcd tromGcolong with a ful cargo During tho fortolght country supplies t hand have been very large Tho receipts at Mol boumo Eandrldgo, and Williamstown lu» o amount« to 23,008 barrs of flour and 140 108 bags of wheat A Geelong 8 065 bags of flour, an 1 43 005 bags of whoa wcro received Tho shipments during tho sam period amounted to 85,005 bats of flour, and 16(1,07; bags of wheat, and aro for tbo J ear 50,805 bags of flour and 105,600 bags of wheat In fecdlnggraina oats tren somewhat quiet last »cok, tbo prosont, bowovor has been moro active, purchases for export liavlni recommenced Prices are a shade firmer again, bat a tho entire consumption of feeding grains is known ti îun upon oats, tho probability la that a largo am i udden rlBO will occur ero long Last week tho sale of this grain wcro adv Iscd to tho extent of 5,000 bags > t prices ranging from 3s for common, to 3s 31 to; heavy feed, and 8s 4d for milling- Tills wool business opened with tho qulttanco of SOO bag; at 2s Sd In bond, and 400 bags Victorian a 8s 2}d On Tuesday, nnder tbo hammer, abou; 1,480 bags nero disposed Of at from 89 Id t< Ss 2d ¡or feed, and up to 3s 4J1 for milling Private)}, OHO bago were placed at 8s ljd to Bs Sd On Wednesday at auction, 1 200 bags wore disposed o at prices rising from Va to 3s 1J<1 for feeding, and m to 3s 4¡ii for milling COO bags feeding chang« bands privately at Ss Sjd An Inquiry for export has moreover, led to tho qulttanco of 1,600 bags at 2s ("jil to 2e 7d in bond On Thursday at auction 1,200 bags wcro disposed of at 8s to Ss 8d for ordinary to good foeding, and 3s 4d for heal Its Throo hundred bags of prlrui milling «ero placed at close on 3s Od \- an extreme figuro A parcel of 400 bags was taker up for shipment at 2s 8d , In bond To day 80t ha s good f'cdlng wcro placed at 8s 3d , and 250 »cga light feeding at 3s Id Maize ha; been maintained at 6s, but only trifling- salei bave been making Publicly, this week, how ever, «801>ags woro quitted at 6s lljd to 6s Id Barley bas again como Into notion. This week 4s Del has been going- for One malting, though 4s DJil wai obtained for a superior lot On Wednesday alone about 2 800 bags were quitted at 4s for discoloured, to 4s 8¡d tor Uno Feeding Is quitted at Sa. Sd Bran has advanced to Is 2d Pollard is selling at Is 2d Victorian oatmeal is moving at £17 108, and pearl barley brings 1.20 Hope -Operations havo hitherto bcon of tho mud est character, stocks being almost entirely In dealers' hands Tasmanian arc quoted at 2s to 2s 2d Vic torlau In Uko manner aro now held at 2s to 2s 2 J Kents art moving off quietly, for ordinary qualities we quote Is lOd to 2s . and sales aro reported at It lOd Superior Kents aro held at 2s 2d , and wo aro advised of exceptional eales ci cn at that prico A parcel has been sold at 2s Id Bavarians have boen quitted, ac- cording to quantity, at 2s 8d to 2« Od Signs of the coming season aro not «anting Simples of now from Gipps Land have been on v low this woett, which aro of very superior quality foroarly prolific Malt -Imported Is without any bnsinoss to refer to Ibero has been no stock hero for somo timo, though supplies aro advised as on the water The price Is nominal at 10B. Od to 11s Victorian mado has a steady trado inquiry at (Jj, hut no largo lines oro quittod Metals havo had no particular demand, and little of a special character has been reported Quotations show little change Pi? iron Is offered at £5 for trado parcels, but for quantities wo do not quote ovor £4 16s Galvanised iron is Balcable at our quotation of £21 to £22, and £23 for C6 gauge, according to brand 50 cases Orb wero placed at closo on £22 lOj for 23 gauge 100 cases Emu were sold recently on private teims 400 cases Orb and Davis havo boen taken np at£226s Bar androdlionnroinroquestat £10 to£11 Sheet Iron IB firm Assortments of Nos 8 to IS aro quitted at £1110s to £12, whllo for Nos 20 to 20, £18 los is inquired Plateironlsdull wequoto£llto£12 Hoop Iron for trade purposes Is offered at £10 Noa 0, 7, and 8 drawn fencing wiro nre In good request, eales aro making at £13 10), £14, and £14 10s In lead, shot is steady at £35; shoot brings £22 Tin plates aro offered at 15 per cent »diane» on Invoice for good assortment« IO coko Is saleablo at 20s to 21e Muntz metal Is now quoted at 8d Ew bank s nails aro mo\lng at 20 per cent off list prices French nails aro valued at 10s American nails aro quoted at 20s , CollinB' and Sharpes heavy axes arc selling at 65s , Ames s shov elB aro offered at 65a , Day s D II shovels 84in to 30in , 42s , oilier makers, same size, bring 80s to 80s , sales ol liollowaro oro making at 80 per cent off )Ut Oils aro mov ing off somewhat slowly ; even kerosono evinces liltlo activity, and since the business roported last mail only about 1 700 cases, chiefly calcium light, have been disposed of Test oils aro steady at our quotation of Is for diamond and Aurora Hie Mel lose will add a considerable quantity to stocks when entered Stocks in bond by this wooka return amount to 88,033 cases Sales of castor oil aro mak ing at 3s 2d Linseed oil is saleablo at 3s 7d in bulk and 3s lOd In drums Oolra In CIBLS lsdlBposed of at 4s , and In drums at 4s 3d Olive is quilted at 5s inwood, and 6s 3d in drums Chinese oil brings Ss. Sd Polar oil rannes from £30 to £ jil Oilmen s Stores.-Irangactlons aro unimportant, though a lair trado demand exists for tho supply of routine wants Colman s starch has risen Into notlco Flaid vestas havo had a good inquiry, but beyond that nothing of particular importanco has tran9p!rod Values show little chance Pickles aro selling at 8s to88 6d for red cross brand, imported are quoted at 0s Od to 10s Cd and up lo 12s 0J assorted bottled fruits havo Improved to 18s , and black euri ants are got rid of at 13s Od , lib jams, red cross brand, aro quoted at 6s, salad oil, quarts, realices 15! to 22s and 21s , pint] bring 9s 01 to 12s Od , and halves are going off at 6s Od to 7s 6d , castor oil, pints, can bo purchased at 70 f)d , half pints 4s Öd , sauces rango from 6s to 12s., capors aro moving at 6s Cd to 7B Od , Bryant and May a vestaB are worth 4s to 4s 3d , according to quantity , 100 coses have been quitted, wblch forthcprcscntclears ngentomvuds WoodavcstasaroBaloableatOs Parnor'a ore quoted at it ljd to 4s Sd , 260 casca at 4) l}d wcro takenup lost week, B Bell s aro firm at 4s to 4B ltd., for Bell and Black's np to 4s 3d ia asked, sales ore making at 4s to 4* 8d, according to quantity, 2C0 casca wcro Bold last week Oolman's muBtard is saleable at 8jc!_ per lib In 71b tins, lib tins realise 10s 3d , and Jib tina command 6s 9d , Keen s D S F Is moving at Ills In lib tins, and 9s Od in iib HUB Colman a white and bluo starch is Baleablo at 6Jd Orlando Jones a is worth 5}d Thumb bino rules at lid Sago bringa 2Jd Macaroni aod vermicelli aro valued at lOd Black pepper bas de clincd a penny, belog now offered at 7d to 7}d , wbito pepper is in fair demand at 9Jd to 101 Provisions.-Tho auctioneers roport this week - " Cheese -The market haa been steady at full lato quotations Good to primo waa in fair demand at prices ranging from 6(d toOJd per lb , inforlorto medium waa slack at from ljd to 5J per Ib Butter -Potted-The market »as slacker to day, prices being fully Id per lb lo»cr than last week, primo samples ranged from Ed to Dd per lb , modium to good, from dd to 7}d per lb , Inferior dull Frosh This markot also showed a considorablo decl'no from last week s prlcos, private dairies ranged from Od. to Is Id pcrlb , collectors lots and lumps ranged from Od to lOd per lb Hams, Od to 8d per Ib , country cured Bacon, 5d to Cid per lb , country cured Qulcktilicr -Wo noto an Improved inquiry, and sales bav o been making at cloie on 2s Bice -Thcro haa been ICFB doing in Patna, and slnco the business lately reported no transactions worth recording havo been allowed to reach us Aa wo wrlto20tona have beon aold Wo continue to quote £13 10a lo £14 Nu bond Duty paid lots are moving at£21 New Vatua, which waa not expected to arrive before tbo commencement of March, has been under treaty to arm c, but the Argus, with tho first of the season is reported off the coast hore and may reach the biy any day She brings close on 1 000 tons, £14108 in bonella asked Dressod rice ia moving \- very slowly for the supply of actual wanta at lato ratea Boedhl Balah Is disposed of at £26 to £°010a , Melbourne, dressod Java realises£2410s to £"0, Japan dressed is offered at £23 to £24 , Bangkok brings £"1, and Rangoon, £20, Saigon is in slow sale at £"0 Salt -Slnco last mall the only ne» feature is tho arrival of au entire, cargo by the Un dine, comprising 1,000 tons Bualnoaa in tho markot is Blow, and wo hare no causo to maka any change in quotations Coarso Llvorpool Is worth 70s to 75s , Verdín s Uno Liverpool Is quoted at 80a , and One I ondon Btovcd stands at 87s Od Sugar-0«mt, to tbo extensive arrivala from Mauritius the market has beon greatly stimulated, onda vory largo business has beon done Curto after cargo has been placed on tho market and to the surprlso oi tho trado almost every bag offered on any occasion cleared off At tho close of last »eck a speculative movement Botin, and slnco then prices have firmed considerably Iho Victorian Companv s rcflncd qualities havo had a steady trado dciuaud at lull rates say, £88 for No 1 £32 10a for l>o 2, and £30 for No 8 In other descriptions tho folio vlnir biLbiiicss vvnB reported -Last »celt the cargo siles at auction comprised tho Fleur do Maurlee, the Mogele Dixon tho Nonpareil and privately, the Astcropo, ind 2^0 tons ex Golden Russet wcro taken up in addition to which 10 SOO packages found I uvera in parcels in tho courso of tho samo »eck, wliilo a movement In brewings carried off 7,500 packages This neck8 business opened on Monday with tbo s lo of 500 pockots jcllons private]j ,8 500 bago and Sockets Mauritius and Queensland likewise changed andsntverv full ratcB On Tuesday an extensive business «as dono at auction In all, 9 580 bags and pockets, chiefly Mauritius sorts ex Wotonga and Pre sident Thiers, woro d'sposcd of, when »bites brought £33 to £33 los , brewing crystals, £33 15s to £31 03 , medium jcllons, £28 10s to £28 15s , browns, £°7 to £27 16s , rations, £25 158 to £20 10s , Queensland brought £30 5s to £30 16s , Fiji sorts, faulty, sold at £23 169 to £30 6s, and damaged Mautl HUB at from £26 16s to £31 2 000 po kds »ero sold privately at up to £34 for ubi tea A spcculativo movement then roported in browing, which cleared the murket to a largo oxtcnt w.ia carried through, and a firmer fooling now prevails Tho arrival of tho Onyx from Port Louis was roported early tho samo morning Tbo usual Mauritius tola gram war) also rocclvcd that day via Adou, dated 26th Januory On Wednesday, 1,000 bags ard 1,000 pockcta wlilto were placed at very full rates, 2 00( pockcta likewise changed hands at 83a Od to ii' 9d Crushed and loaf sugar bos been BO d at 40a to 13/ Onlhursdav 1,000 pockots Uno rations chango 1 hand/ wo quote £2710s to £28s 1 000 poclto a whites » f also taken up at tho advanced rate demanded ' lau Tea.-A bUBy fortnight boa boon past, tho pi-Inf*! part of iho trado done being pasacd through'10 Buetion-roomB. On the 2nd Inst., an important .*». Ioraie ol Japan teas, comprising ovor 2,000,half.f,*l* of Euncrlor make black leaf congou waa eubirteü» but, howover, tho biddings not being Batist0'')'» nearly tho wholo bad to bo passed In. NearljO.OOO packages of Foochow congous wero offered" "10 8th Inst, ex Jerusalem ; tbo entire parcel B* lrom Gd. to 1B. 2d. per lb. Other shipments amor-'ng to »bout 2,000 half.cbCBt- havo alio boon realT- °n Ike Olh tlie largest Indian cataloguo over j"T."?? lor talc waa tuccefcilully dealt with. In alio30 lT»* crcelB four d ready lunn. II« qn-tbtj < | ti c9c tcl3 Is treen Ire. cvny n »li moro apprcc alcd Tno prices obtaircd »ero fully upt, rates In November lo« iho Jroo chow coi t,ou markot must bo quoted Ad lower on all ctnimnn (.radiB, but for medium io Uno full values aro obtained Current Quota«T arc -Broken leof, O'd to 7d , leafy common, JIJ to Od , common to e,ood common, 9d to lold , ¿¿¿A ordinary to flavourv kalsows lid to Is , mcliom to lino IB OJd to Is 2d , fine to finest, li. ad to IB 6d , choice. Is 6d to Is 7d , choicest, la, 8d to Is Od , scLiittd orango pekoo-choleo loo chow Is 4d to Is 7d ' Tirol cr -A largo and satisfactory business has been dono, and of late many linea havo been shDwioir an ndvanco At auction on Tuesday, tbo 81st Sit 170,000ft 4 out whito weatherboards found buyers it 8e per lOOlt lineal Tho entire cargo of Bpruce dials and boards ex Priscilla, from St John's, was sold with all faults, as follows -720pleccall x I spruce boards at S£d r« foot 0 x 8, 866 piscos 0x1 do, at sí 9 lOtliB to Sid do , 2 409 pieces 0x3 Bpruco deals at 8d J loti a to Sid du , 4 791 plecea 11 x 8 do, at sid to 8¡d do, 1.Í08 ilecea 12 x 8 do, at S'd ?» COO idéeos 14 to l8 x 8, at 3i 1 do , 1,023 pieces 13 ¿V at 3d 8 lOths to 8¿d do , 679 pieces Sx 3 do at. 3Jd to Sd 3 lOths, 292 pieces 7 x 3, at 3d 6 lf/thi 20 000 4ift. laths, at 4lu per 1000 ploces, 42 2io 4jlt pickets, nt £6 10s to £8 2s 6d Ex Levant 603 pieces 0 x 8 rod deals, at 8Jd per foot lineal' On Friday, tho 8td, at auction, li !oj,s Queensland cedar brouUit 47s tld per 100ft supor , 11 do 41« 6d do , 7 do , 40s 6d [do , 0 do, 43« 6d do 14 do 82s Od do , 10 do , 28a. Od do ,10 do , 20) 0d do ' 10 do , 20s do , 10 do , 19a 6d do , Oft pallnirs p,' Od per 100 Ex Ethel -The cargo of sawn kauri sold at full rates, specification and condition considered Ex Ispahan, 6,000ft ljin clear pine, were quitted at £17 16B p«f 1,000ft super Ex Rodney,6,026ft Ox li «bito floortng, at lis Od por lOOlt. lineal Inclnd ing Bhorts, 39,178ft 6 x Í white do , at 9a do 5 011ft 0 x ] do , Including Bhorts, at 7s 3d do , 77 395|i s x J whit« lining nt Os 6d lo da 3d do 2 720lt do Bhorts,at6s Sd , 6,0941t Oxido ,at5í Od do ,15 7S9lt. whlto wcathorboards, Including shorts, at 8s do On Tuesday, tho 7th, ex Sirene, 493 pieces 2«t 9 » a Prussian red deals brought 4Jd per foot 0x3 _£ Rose M , 118,640ft super sold at£16 per 1,000ft fontr Ex Glengarry, l8 778ft 81n clear pine at £17 mr 1,000ft Boner Ex Loura, 9 760ft sa« n cedar realised for 8, 4 6 In , 8Jd per foot super 2, 2) 21 In . lil ljd , ljln , Sid do , lin ou 4d do , jin ¿V do, faco moasuro Ex Barrabool, 2150(1 Baîvn cedar. 4, 3, 2 1», 1}, 1 in 8Jd do , Jin do, 2ïd no , face measure Ex Granito State ,'i 231 pieles spruce deals and battens, li x 8,10 x a u x 3 8 x 3 7 x 8,12lt and up, f ctehed 8 9 lOil to 3 3 101 per footof 9x8, 0 070 pieces spruce doils 9 x 1 and 8 x 1, 3)d to 3Jd do Ex Trufant, l8 SbO saw i pickets aft Oin , £0 6s per 1 000,12 880ft Jin clear i ino £1010a per 1,000ft. Bupcr , 250 000ft. o x } spruce T and G 8s 8d per litOft Huo«l, 6 200 »| race deals and bat' tens, 11X8, 9x8 8x8, 7x8 4(t t)I3ft lengths. SJd lo8d per font-9 x 3 , "4 054 pieces 11x1,0x1 8 x 1,10 x 1,0* x J 4}d , 8 7 lOd oo 4 302 ploces red ploo deals and battens, 13 x 3 12 x i 111 6 10 x 3 0 x 8, 8 x 3, 7 x 3, 4¡d to 6 1 lOd do , dock carjo 1.021 pieces, 11 x 3, 0 x 3 S3d to S116d do Orí Frida}, tho 10th, thcro waa eol 1 at auction, ex Leoni- das,« logs cedar, at 20s Od porlOOIt Bupcr .cxKonoo warra, 7 logs cedar, at 41s, do , ox Glongarrv, 820 9 x 8 Bpruco deals, at 31d to Si'-l per tuet 0x3, ex Birch grovo and Star of Pcaco, 8 '0 795ft Orogon timber, at for equaro tlmbor 20 x 20, l8 x l8 16 x 6,12 x 12 jo X 12 IOX 10, 20 x 0, l8x fl 16 x 6 14 x 6 12x 6 Ox 8, £9 7fl Cd to £9 per 1,0001t super 12x1 11x4 0 x 4,11 X 8, 9 x 3, 11 x IJ 0 x 1 j £9 2a Od to £3 7a Od do , 68,005 sawn pickets, 4ft Oin , nt £3 15s per 1 000, 120,600 sawn laths, lit Oin, at 38a do 41,800 do , 4ft, d38, do ' Tobaccocs remain nearly "B last noted Victorian gooda move off for local uso but In imported brands little can bo done, owing to tho high rates demanded, SB buyers do not appear to be re oncllod as yet to the advance At auction a Broall parcel oi aromatic was cleared off > Ictorlan mado flat work la moving at lj 4d to la 8d , and up to 2s 0d In bond, according to quality Imported tobaccocs havo bad no Bpceiai bus! ness On Wednesday, tho 8th Inst, 91 packages T C Williams and Co 'a tobaccocs «ere offered, of which wero Bold 88 packages at the follow ing ratos -Aromatic, 6s, OB 2s, 2], 4 ami 9oz at from Is SJd to la. lOd per lb ia bond Trade quotations are -Common quality flat work, is, medium to good. 14d to 17d , fine to beat, la 5d to IB 7id , navy tobaccocs (High Admiral) bring up to l8 7]d , twists aro firm at IB 4d to Is Od , aromática and navies, Is to Is Cd and up to 2a Oil, Manilla cheroots and cigars, No 2,60a to 00a., Nuevo Havan nab, 07s. Od to 70s , Nuevo Cortados aro quoted at 67s Od. to 70a, Swiss cigars aro valued up to 30s. 1er Ormond8, according to quantity, Tavcrneys aie movlogat82s Od , Gorman cigars aro In good de mond at 80a to 00a , Hamburg sell up io £10, genuino Havannah bring £12 and upwards WlneB and Spirits -Inquiries fur »vines are on an exceedingly small scale Sherries for trado pur pott a aro selling at £24, £28, £32, £38, JUS, £84 Ports aro quitted at £22, £32 £3(1, £i», £60 Champagnes maintain a good inquiry for ordinary requirements at prlcos ranging from 80s to 42s , 45s. to COI, 66s to 0i) 6d , and up to 102s 6d At an auction salo of «iocs and Bl irit-a held on Friday, the 3rd, which reaulted in the disposal of 103 hhdB and quarters brandy at 5a 6d to 7s Sd, and 8s J OJd to 0s Od , old vintages realising up to 12s lid Oaso brandy »as quitted at 25a to 36a 4Jd, whisky at 12a Od per case, and geneva at 119 ljd Queensland rum brought 2a 0d Champagne «as Bold at IBs Od to 26a , and port wino at £33 Brandies oro beginning to bo moro noticed privately On Wedneeda}, the 1st Inst, «o advised tbo Bale of 20 hogsheads and 70 quarters Bisrjuit Dubouche bulk brandy at 7s. 6d On Thura day 36 hogsheads and 230 quarters common to medium »ero quitted at 6s to 7s Cd 300 catea Martell a brandy at up to 85s 300 coses Hennessy B aro also amongst tho business teported 600 caceB Dunville a whisky have also been disposed of 200 cane« Encoró whisky, also bulk, and 200 cases VInt's Imperial, are also amongst the sales reported Geneva also has had attention FromLon don a rice of Od per gallon la advised by cable on brandy, Hennessy a and Martello being quoted at 12s Od General quotations aro-Ilcnneaiys 1876,148 to 14a (Id per gallon, do 1877, 12a Od, Manolis 1877 78, Us to 11s Od , do dark, 12s, Otardal876, 12s Od , do 1873, 108. 0J , Barrial eon's, Ss to 10s-. Marett s, 9s, Denis Mouniea, 9s, Cbampogno Vineyards^, 8a , JuieB Hobin a 1878, 88, dark 8s 8d , do 1868 do , 13a. Od, Renault a nominal at 8a Od , Biaqutt Dubouche« "j. 6d to 7s Od , La Orando Marque, 8a. 3d to 8a Bl, Meukow's, 8s , Vinegrowors, 8s , Luden Bellota 7s. Cd to OB Od , Associated Vineyards', 7s , old Is held at Es, Albert's, 7s lid to 7s. 80., Dulans, 7a, Central Vineyards, Oa, Pmnlcrt, 6s to 6a. 3d.,, Richard and Mullens, 6B Od , Gaspard e, 6a 6d Case brandies havo been very quiet. Hennessy s cus Is saleable at 84a Od Martel I s is moling at 84s. to 86a Otards baa been going oil at 29a to 29s (k1 Denis Mounie a brings 31B , Meabow's 2ss Marett'! commands 80s Renault* is offered at 23s Lucien Bellota IB quoted at 21s Richard and Midler's la in slow Balo at 16a. Othor brands range from 10s to 22s Rum ia still BCarco. Vi e quote 4s for Lemon Hart's and MP. but of late no sales have been roported Queensland iaealeablo at 2a. Oil Genera Is moving, but Is not marked by much acllv ity JDifZ gonova. l8 steady at 15s to 15a 3J for IS bottles, sealed and labelled. Vandenborg bell brand I) not selling pilratci}, and at auction 11s 7Jd tolla. 9d has been accepted Media' key brand la of fercd at Ils., at »hieb small sales are mak ing 5C0 casca were taken lost « eck to arriv o at eloaceri this 750 casca on spot and to arriv e were placed this week Whisky has a ver; good trado demandât well BUBtaincd rates Thom and Cameron s la offering at 8s. 0d to 8a. lOd John Rosa and Co s is quoted at Similor rates ; valucB geiorally, according to brand, range from 4s to 4a 3d., ia. Oil to 6s Ad , and up to 6a. Dunville a brings 6s Cd to Se Od, with a fair Inquiry William Jamieson a ia quoted at 6s Od hlrker, Greer, and Co a Loch Dfiu brand Ia Baleabie at 6a Od In bulk. Wo quota up to 18a in case Sham rock in bulk la also novlng VInts Irish Is qnoted at 5s 8d to 5s Od In bulk, and 18a >n case Encoró brand Bella st 109 6d In case, and Oa. to 6a Od bulk, supples of the latter are cleared out Planet brand, li bulk, very old, Ia quitted for trade purposes , wo qtoto 9a Sd to 10s Ford S Callie Blend ilndB buyers attie to 10s , the latter very old. Walker's bulk malitalna quotation of Es to 8s Od, and 18s. O au» Usher's old vattcd Glenlivet ia Belling it 8s 3d., and Special Rcserre at 10s Cd to 10s Od Standard Is saleable at 7B to 7s 6d Innes aid Grieve s Uam Var commands CB Od , business Is ogdn reported, their very old sella at 12s Dunvblea oso continues to go off freely at 18s to l8». 5d, according to quantity Royal Blond Ia mvlng steadily at 103. 0d to 19s Od Lomo wKiky baa good sales at IBs. to 18B 6d Standard ia disposed of at 17s to 17s Cd. Tliistlo Blond reallti 19s to 20a A Bteady business la done In Mitchell) at 228 to 24s. Bull whisky Is dil poBcdofat 40s Sr E Burnotta old tom is quitted at 12s to 12s Od n retail lota AMN'UAL 1EVIEW OF THE GBAIN MARKEr. Mcssrfl B GODSBROUOU and Co Limited report - In briefly revtwing eomo of tho features of our grain trado for bo past aoason, It Ii matter for con gratulatlon thal tho most noteworthy Is the gradual butstcady Inctaso in tho production of our cereal», as chown In bo export roturas given below, each cereal prceenOg a considerable addition on th» pre vious season a-cturns, the total value, as given by me customs cntr»B, amounting to £S95,270, an amount, in our opintn, estimated at far below the «mal value (VoSni rlne tho prices whieh the lUpI» reauscd foVÏtoaat six months of tbo j ear in questa, tnkinetho euloma valuation as a correct one« And U at I" comparison with the mtaiHW *T ia on Incrcat in valuo shown of £23 614 A « go proporUon "tho seasons yield »as Bli PP^gS climat lur ^VoÄrÄ^Ä SrSu«.isÄrs Bt Wo°aro p-aaed to notlco the fresh outlets »bichare op" h L u 'or a portion of our euri lus broads wi m fouL^cWiics1 In addition to Great Brit In, india C/lon, and Java, a large portion haaMco thlpncd/ircct to tho continent-Antwerp II»«. Dunkin/ami Rouen all appearing in, our export IW Riiniiip/to tho adjoininu colonies aleo soo va luga f"ÄK«vi South Waka alone tal I ne up va dsof £120 3 vv orth , flour oud » boat fourbu, for £11J ÇW. fnd vvl ave no doubt that as the excellent qua »yoi ou? Sduco becomes bettor known, our cxpoits «cb ïcaYrtll show a fcradual but certain Increase 5 W> -Our markets for tho season «W opera in tho first week In ]**"'?. *]% °wg quantities »ero offered ft our »«¿J» fooTa as niany as 10,000 boga bein. ratalogmj, lins in ono daj alono, and meetly mado up« ¿nore' censli.nn.onte Wo regret, h»T« toi fin a variety of causes such na «fch W,"S £CBIU the European markets, and n. t bWIn« m } too part of millora to la} In hoavys o ka »>' mimtnctment of tbo scann, prices for th° fl'rt ,0£J i icTunis ruled verv lo», the r«tnrn>«»J%%$£ lot being at all Batlafactorv, except In rare liista» «hon laïgo jicldB bad been obloincd IJ to« « three months the price did uotatoragel» P»r busMl 'but early in April o«lng to a great fal iufe ou m > Bupplj coming forward, prices hardoncd log". and bv tho oud of tho month to 4s Od »T. . May a'markod rise took place, tho mon h deAp »ith a strong demand up Jo 6» 5d I« Tt)oa ^ariou8 circumBtancca contributed to triia )im lu value, «bieh »aa furtlier stimulated by «» honied prices in tho Europe«. tnarkçta At T coiumcnccmeut of Juno *10'%t!("\le,3( o(Pth»t and prices rcccdcd_ ^n th^ first fc* JTw bef0!e month to 4s. 10d. and 6s., reviving, noweit'. tho close to Maj rateß-vlz., 6s. 6d. From July w ood of November prices ranged from 5». Id. to j>. and in some Instances as high "r^- od "^î,, the speculatora. who at this timo »'Xt" sS in their market, and desirous to accurnulato Blocks^in own hands, with a view of 'u'1 Ie' T'n'"r?eoinlos Owing, howover, to £UPP"«B,'i0^,î^t?on on toe p«t forwaVd moro freely, uni ^^^XrS^^ of our local mllleiB only to P»T1«" Í? ¿ikTplace. requirements, tho anticipated line i Id not W V * eventually large P««l5 whieb hjgJJ»» * , ed at High rates with» view to maiwok» and chafed .marketat »proflt had to bo shlppod at tbo oloao of Sf «¿son A larg« Palliou ot tticeo «poculatlvo pur 18T_o Quality ol tho grain waa vçry good, laklng Uio -verteoof the season, though at the commencement » Sfcrable portion waa smutted, and In some casca niât bid affected It; later on tho character was all Sat MUld bo d, "lr. '.I, a,.d In tho opinion o competent Indgea tnuch superior to that of our neighbour in £_ih Auitralia, with wlinao cropa oura will boar favobrabl» coropa'ria..n boih in tho yield, per aero and tbWe,wÄ ho'wYveV'.'luiprcss upon the farming com munltydt our wheat i» to maintain ile good roputa «ort the necessity ot exercising moro.caro lu ensuring _nUorm°tyof»mpIo, and in keeping the grain weil Seined and free from all foreign substances, such as barl5v7o"l8, drake, whiteheads, and other refuse. Farmers niuát also bo careful to uso no secondhand bagffor wheat Intended for export, as through want or caro In this respect torluus loBsea accrue to shippers, _imnovv7csorvo to themselves In all transactlona tho Kt of rciectlng secondhand and Inferior baga. TnMnnexlonwIth this question, wo trust that tho "vliencowliioh will bo elicited before tlio Tariff Oom mS now Bitting «?» result In the total abolition of Ä°y on bagB, and in other respects BO ¡liter ho l_iÄsenoially.whl<* now preta so heavily on tha Are, aa to ilford this deserving and yalu.Wo SIS every possie relief. Wo trust airo that fnocllvo legislative will speedily remedy tho .noYoa- ujury Inflicted through an Initial. Sent supply ot «.?.'«?. in «_» «""''J' <"«M<"* r from willoh tho aelootora suffer BO morely. A So would be well apent In legislating for tho bcSt of » claia on whom tho prosperity of tho mlonv Bo much doponda. , Wo took advanttgo ot tho presence at our Exhibí, lion of rcpresontaUvoa from various quarters to sup- ply tbcm with eamplos of our grain crops, and aro Sid ro report that, In wheat nt oast, considerable f «iriMB may result; and we look forward to tho .=5 ."ourMies ¿f huyera, not only from Mark, lane, but also from Germany and Franco, na in theso countries our wheats now etaud lu tho highest "nour-Tlio quantity oxported during the season docs not compare favourably with the previous year, ?> decrease belog apparent of 18.707 contala. Ono ciuao of tills lallrog-oif waa tho email profit accruing to our millers during tho period under rovlow, tho dlfforonoo between the raw and manufactured artlelo loavlngbut n «null miirgin. This, hnirorer, moro particularly .mollea lo the last Bli months of tho Beason, tho trade, when tho riso In wheat took placo, holding vory email %kÄ" 'with wheat, tho price did not vary much for tbo first threo months, ruling from £0, at which it opened, up to £0 10a. and îiô by tbo end ol April. In May priées ranged from £10 10s. up to £12 10a., which latter prlco waa the highest that c»mo under our notlco torthoBoason. In Juno, £11,108. to £1116s woro current ratea; by the and of July pitea had dropped to £10 10a.; reacMr.- in August to £11 los. and £1112s. 6d. In September there was a fall to £115s., with a gradual declino to £1016a. to £1017a, Gd. at tho end of No- vember; finally closing on tho 30th Docombor with « dull niarkot and a limited domand at £10 to £10 C9, i Oats.-Notwltnataudlng tho duty imposod on Inter- colonial grain, wo had vory largo aupplloa from Now Zealand, the quantity grown by ouraotves not bolng nearly sulllolcnt for our requirements, our consump- tion being v ery largo. Tho market oponod at from 28. 8d to 2a. lOd. per busbol, according to quality, and nrlces did not vary much till the middlo of Hay, when 3s Sd. to 8s. Od. wore current rates. In Juno, 3s. 7d. to 3s. lOd. ruled ; and from thla dato down to tho close of the season the markot graduaUy weakened, .finally closing at 38. to8a.4d. Barley.-Tho high prices ruling for barley In 1880 Induced our farmers to BOW a much largor area of this i -cereal . but wo regret to Bay that tho result was not ' satisfactory. Prices oponed comparatively low, and continued so throughout, and although our export of tilla grain shows a largo inereoso from 3,838 conti« to 21957, ora monoy valuo of £1,510 to £7,780, wo da no't think our farmers will bo Induced to direct much attention to the production of thla cereal until maisters and brewers o»u aoe It to their Interests to imuantco a certain minimum prlco. Tho cultivation ?! this grain Is very uncertain, caterpillars and oarly frosts often destroying tho wholo season's yloid, and It cannot bo oxpecUd thi a much hlghor rango of prices rulo that producora will run tho risk of growing anything but a small area of a crop BO irregular lu its returns. raroivr OP ORIUI AHD PIOUR PROM VICTORIA Duiuilo ins ma 1881. inscription. .Wheat iFlour IBirtcy Olia 1,857,161 10,851 1,114 851 2,273.018 I 101,7211 805,270 Valuo. (£035 i»; 105,003 7,770 0,11! Tbe above ore from actual returns of the Custom boose, Melbourne. The following vessels have cleared during tho month with wheat and flour on board :- January 18-Surat, from Melbourne to London, 2,072 bags flour, 2,032 bag« wheat. January 10-Cambrian Prince, from Geelong to Loudon, 5,868 bags flour, 2,023 baga wheat ; Carlisle Castle, from Melbourno to London, 769 bags flour, 5,2(12 bags wheat; Avenger, trom Mclbourno to London, 4,410 bags flour, 2,451 baga whoat ; Antlono, from llclbourno to London, 5,200 bags flour, 8,803 biggnhcit. January 22-Marpcsia, from Molbourne to London, 3,371 bags flour, 2,613 bags wheat. January 21 -Bothwell Castle, from Ucelong to London, 7,443 bigs wheat. February 2-Khedive, from Melbourno to London, 0,162 bags flour, 600 baga wheat ; Jorusalom, item Melbourne u> Antwerp, 010 baga flour, 3,116 bags wheat; Northern Monarch, from Melbourne to London, 1,800 biga flour, 8,030 bags wheat, February 8-Loch Shiel, from Mel- bourno to London, 1,180 ba/a wheat; Qolden Fleece, from Melbourno to Cork, 10,018 baja wheat; Amoor, from Melbourno to Falmouth,' 11,073 bags wheat ; Abiel Abbott, from Geelong to Ouun, 6,305 bags wheat; William Hales, from Geelong to anani, 0,867 baga wheat ; Helone, from Geelong lo Huon, 8,752 boga whoat ; Alcxandor, from OccIwi¿- to Cork, 8,018 bags whoat; Llodaiy, from Geelong lo Quam, 0 040 baga wheat. February 1 VerlUe, from Melbourno to London, 1,000 bags floor, u,914 bags wheat; Aristldee, from Melbourne to London, 4,000 bags flour, 4,500 baga whoat; Johannes lind, from Melbourne tu Guam, 6,11» bags wheat. February 6 —Sobraon, from Melbourne to London, 1,156 bags flour, 9,390 bags wheat ; Shannon, from Melbourne to London, 1,070 bags flour, 1,835 bigs wheat. Fchruary 8-Ooorgo Thompson, from llellouino to Antwerp, 9,200 baga whoat; February 10-Ugfclan, fovm Melbourne to Quorn, 10,271 baga wheat. ïutaIa-38,613 bags flour, 167,023 bags wheat. _ j TIÏT, MONTHLY GRAIN RKPORT. Tus NKW ¿KALASD LOAM AND MIIICANIHE AOBSCT COUPANT (LIMITED) report - Tho increased demand oxportenced during the past four necks tor wheat and flour to complete export engagements has tended to iuduco a further advance Ia prices, and throughout the period under revlow a Bliong market has been experienced Tho Inquiry ceased just for a few dajs at the close of January, In consequence of shippen having supplied their Imme álate demand for bills of lading elated that month, but the feeling waa only transitory, and prices havo since advanced 3d to 4d per bushel over tho quota tlt-ns given in our lost monthly rovlevv Shipments have proceeded satl lactorllj, tho clearances for the four weckB covering no loss than 163,290 bags of wheat and 39,115 bags of flour from ths port of Melbourno, and 47,315 baga havo also been despatched Irom Geelong It will bo noted from tho list of vcaaela appended that two cargoes-namely, those of the Jerusalem and George Thompson-havo been dospatched direct to Antwerp, in addition, thcro aro a largo numbor of clearances for Guam (chartered for ordern), which will flud their way to continental poriB Tho total ahlpmonloof wheat and flour from tho 1st of Jauuary to tho 31st Inclusivo, according to the Cuat m hnuso roturna. Including Geelong, are valued at £170,226-on amount In excess ol tie previous J ear Tneso figures Include tho value of cllpnicnts to tho aljteent colonie?, New South \UI_lavlng drawn lately rather largely on tho Mol bourne maikot for supplies ol flour Harvest operation*, except In the vory late districts, aro now complete, and although In northern portions Mvn cuuiiuctu, »ou Biuiuugn in nonnorn portions o! Uio colony tho jlolds havo boon disappointing, Billi thla lolling oft b-w in a measure boon compensated for by the larger returna from the Weitem, Midland, and Norlh-tastera districts. Con tlderalile dlfforonco ol opinion still oxhtj na to our grooalicat jiold, but there aro indications that it mil hardly touch the figures obtained In 1880 1. ««in? tho present outlook with existing engage meals lor tonnage for wheat, wo do not anticipate that prices »ill recodo much even after the bulk of tho ox tyrl business (which will bo ovor about tho mlddlo of Barch) has been completed. By tho timo mentioned we shall havo despatched, it is assumed, over 60,000 tens, and this will «duco our available surplus within such » compass as to prevent any very soiloua 'au In value. To dato, our gross shipments líe the opeolng of Uio present season may bo Z.T,T Tua4 numbers at 28,000 tons, which loavoa ._¡.¡jí S200Q t,n8t" *mú aivaybctvvoon the pro Bent dato and tho roldólo «f March; heneo wo regard ¡JT market and good prices as likely to bo «Mt «need for somo timo, moro particularly na It is »i». i îw°.tb.at our u""> millers havo notnayot £-M . !-"*. Comparing our exports from the opening of the year to dato with those of 1881, thoro n»ÍS.c,S.la ,h0 <"°urof tho presont Boason of f_?S?«0,0?° J0?"' but thl«ftl» ba P«ll.lty a-couoted T ft »no lort that a largo proportion of tho surplus ?tn» Vi."?,1 0l ,880!,l> "hich »" holä over In KLv iMclbonrne *Ith tho expectation of high I i?a" 'nff attaiaotl had to bo shipped directly tho ÄS» n""-k<". «»1 "=?»» " »PPT* '» tnuWi.ïïAl the dllt0 °' our laat «nonth'y ronort tho Eim"""''«1"" ld on tho 13th January, Pre , n i04"^10"1 """1 4s "l'1- P« »hipping ooremHÍ."íD?í<"ccon'1 ,nU of thla mouth, »nu moverïïi"1,ri> in i'10 cloaln» wc<-k-a 8t0!l[iy UPW«° olL»«.inI^l;por,lc"C['' a,,d nrI«o' o" "io 25th in li«. »1.. Ftbru,ar) opmod A momentary check UblWiríi 1lr°»f,'hua<>ustolned,but-o declino CB ttronírr-;,ií d tllU *a8 »Pn-íHy lollowod by still ontheRií,r''",c,c!'6a 8I tQ6a w- bci>>8 P»W, and i°- toíMn_.iV,.t0,t' 5I This movement waa «le orín Ki, .DK t?tml "> BaPPljr tbí-lr w»nt9 ln etwKw kct' Vr,cT u th0 UP country whoat tttt'T11' '«'ely higher than thoao ruling toa «d L iM°n'"kot'c,oec''viz. Primo 69 4d IrosVri ',, . thcr M'PC-vrs »o bo no lmmodlato Ä&Ä$i_D* T«> «Wü». »hipping lollo°»lÍu~rIÍ!Laí°n; fout TW .r.8low,y ''Y a «irrespondlng riso in "Ht fe« í«Í",bcc" a nloro "cliv ° dúm:"ld "«"OK 'ho Pírcela Äl'?r cou,;""y 'h'1" 'or export, and al iR ÄTatd.\W b0 readily placed with £10 7, ,A° thoí "i» o' January prlcea romain«' at nuce to PÏÏ wMîh d"t0 Í »'«cs have steadily ad M'lEilia? Vi? °,"-\h0 8th lnst £U5a, on tho Uusflgurs 3"'th0 markot cl09e9 uT »l «re«? ~5S,ort.lB ?ot «»ucïi chango to report In this »eprAí^.v,cl,vlntn,thí »"k<". .<><» although I .»«-. »illthalT '"»New Zealand yield Is disappoint ««tits Pri»??1"1 hM ""'y »»on »airly equal to do to coon "tout»ii1 W.'T'1' as- 2d- »o 8« »<1- n»'«lr «alzo Ä,~ ,4d;í° 8s fiu-,or »mi»» samp>a. .npniy. "Jir'VS 'o "io markot bolng ontlroly baro of ttémomh,t¿llV(lrcm''no'i almoBt nominal during »Spin íccnríl!i!l,AcÍ.cck ,ln th0 in0-ulrïtof mM"S '«' fet KEÍ J? }h? clcB° °f January, and prlooa «Äsm&wlf; to49-.M- A recovery, how Wa,"A"a'»««» Plate, and good Bales havo beon «bevallcr »¿iii ¿L,?'1 '"r oholco samples of cleat .»M uîwarrt"ÎrïI! Pe.a _71T ' \\*J" '» »"vi»« at 3«. to 8s. 8d. '«"«ion ol&odroJ;,,h.M *° *"> chronicled In this de. re% good iÄ!f- 3t,tü 3'- '.»fe, Äer^S,,, ?e W1» *«»''to Immensely ?«.«¿of inodeaïïd ' " m"ket l",a h°°a la ' " m P«'toi.-Tb0 continuance ot dry wether aend an export demand havo had tho effect of Inducing an advance la the former to lS'd., while the Utter his cold at 15d. Tho following róesela havo cloarod with breadituffa during the last tew wooka, for the United Kingdom and Uia Continent : Orango Orore .. Carlisle Curtie.. Surat, 8.8. Antlopo » Avenger.. Marpeala Jerusalem Northern Monarch Express.. Bonden .. Earlahall Glaslyn ,. Khcdlvo _ Golden Fleece .. Amoor .. Loch Shiel ArlBtldes Johanna Bod .. Veritas .. Ooorgo Thompson Sobraon Shannon .. Ugthare.. Total.1168,290 6,20. 2,381 8,870 2,151 2.300 3,110 1,039 7,183 3,800 5,500 1,957 600 10,018 14,973 11.037 4.500 6,446 6,051 9,400 9,073 1,624 7,721 10,874 139,115 ANNUAL BEVJEW OF THE WOOL MARKET. Messrs. B. GouJSimouoii and Co. Limited re- port: Wool.-The amount of business transacted during the month bas been abovo the avorago, 8,617 bales bating boen Bold ont of 10,247 balea offcrod Tho catalogues submitted bave been very full considering tho lato period of tho season and tho quantity etlll detained on tho Barling and other Inland districts. Somo good greasy lots bavo boon offered, and theso being In fair condition and well got up haro com- manded excellent competition. With the exception of wools of tilla class, tho lota havo generally been in Inferior to averogo order, nearly all the best clips having been sold earlier In tho season Tbo sales aro now approaching a termination, and although the auctions will bo continuel for tho noxt five or Bli wooks tiley will bo held at irregular Inter- vals, and tho catalogues will ho of less Traportaaco, though some largo clips havo still to como forward. In rovioning tho business tronsactod in thie market during tho past 12 months, »o havo again much Sicasuro in rolcrrlng to tho growing Importance of [clbournoas a wool mart, tbo sales this year having assumed larger proportions than In any previous season, tho quantity sold boro, Including doolong, amounting to 157,974 bales, being 35,702 balos moro than last year. Woolgrowcra in tho neighbouring colonies havo not been slow In recognising Melbourne oa tbo cblol markot for tbctr produco, as evidenced by tho largo and Increasing quantities sent hero from New South Wales, South Australia, and Tasmania for disposal, thus augmenting tho soason'a aaloa by many thousand bales British and continental manu- facturers aro also evincing a marked preference for thlfl markot, aa by buying horo thoy can forward direct to their mills, and thua avoid tbo delaya and expenses Incidental to supplying their requirements In London ; and now that this city Is established as the chief wool dopOt In tho Southern Hemisphere, wo anticipate that largo numbors of now buyora will visit us year!}, until. In course of time, tho bulk of tho wool grown in Australia will be sold In tho colonies. Tho advantages gained by thia courae aro obvious tho grower gets an immediate return for his produce, and tho bu}oreavca time and outlay, besides gaining a first choleo of our clips. Tho salea commenced at our warehouses on tho 12tb October, in present of tho largest concourso of buyersyctsccnln Australia-English, Scotch, French, Gorman, Belgian, and American finns bolng well represented, as also tbo local mordíanla, mill owners, and scourers Competition opened with gr»at anima- tion, and was maintained "Toughoul tho Bale, buvers ehpwinrr o, Bt"-Df, disposition to oporato at prices Bbini; empaja favourably with tho rates Tuung in London at the closoof tho August September Borles; but It waa not until' our auction on tbo 26th of the month that tho market »oa fullv toetod. On that dato wo submitted a catalnguo of 16,078 bales, principally largo lilvorlno clips In the grease. Theso clips were well suited for the American and Conti- nental trado, bolng for tho moBt part of excellent quality, light In condition and well grown, and priées for greasy ranged from lOd to 12$d por lb , according to quality, condition, and length of staple. In comparing tbo prices obtained at this cale with thOBo ruling at tho commencement of tbo previous season, after ranking duo allowanco for tbo light condition of the wools eubmlttod, aa noll aa tho tonder character of- a largo proportion of tbo fleeces, owing to tho dry season, wo tina a reduction of from ¡d. to Id. per lb , or about 7J per cent, and at this level of values the Balea pro- ceeded with great spirit until tho cod of November, when the receipt of advices reporting tho unsatisfac- tory progression of tho November December aeries of colonial wool sales In London causod an easier fooling, and a reduction becamo apparent, moro especially in small Irregular lota of merino ana rough crossbreds, which foil id to Id por lb. Tho Door grades of cross breds, howover, when In light condition, havo throughout the season mot witu activo competition for America and tho contlnont, and prices ranging to 18Jd havo been given for good lota Washed fleece wools bavo been In good demand, but owing to the in- sufficient supply of wator for washing on stations nat having a river frontage na also to the anticipated demand for America, a much smaller quantity than usual baa como forward, consequently very tow superior clips havo been catalogued, ITba bulk of tho » ashed lota havo been somewhat Irregular In eborac ter, and have not untrequentiy been indifferently got up ; In fact, tho poor condition in which a largo pro portion of theso wools havo recently como to markot has rondercd them unBultablo for the requirements of several buyers. Prices for good to Bunortor washod havo ranged from 21d to 25u por lb Scoured wools havo commanded a good share of attention, and full rates have been paid for all offered. Exceptional prices bavo boon giren for some hlgh clar-a Tasmanian woola, a number of clips having realised from 12d. to 101 d Per lb , and in ono in- stance the extremo figuro of 17d. was obtained Thole wools wcro of very suporior quality, well grown, and deeply skirted. The general condition of tbe oiip, li taken on tbo > whole, Is not quito equal to last year, some of the leading brands, oa already noted, being poorly grown ann frequently tender in staple Theso defects have been moro notlceab'o ia wools from tho south- western portiona of Riverina and the north vveatorn districts of Victoria, and aro tho result of the dry winter, and consequent scarcity of feed. The -lacees, oa a rule, are lighter than lost season, there being lera yolk In tbo »ooi ; consequent!}, It haa suffered to eomo extent In nppoaranco, being leas bright than usual, Burra and seeds havo been moro froqaoatl} prevalent, particularly In tbo smaller clip!, which havo not been subjected to tho heavy skirting which Is now go generally practiced by our largo growers in order to rid tho fleccoa of objectionable portions It is highly gr-itlfying, however, to noto that tho quality of our flocks continues to Icoprov o, as ovi denced in tho largo number of choice clips that have passed through tbo warehouses this season, our flock masters being keenly aliv o to tbo advantages that can bo obtained by judicious breeding Extensivo sales of high class stud shcop aro annually offeoted In Mol bourne, and tbo Bbows held each year at our ware houses undor tho auspices of the Australian Sheep Breeders' Association aro looked forward to with groat interest by »oolgrowcrs Tho fourth oxhibl ion in September last waa a brilliant succcsa, and although the number of competitors was not so largo oa on previous occasions, tho quality of tbo exhibits has nov cr been surpassed in Australia. AB regards tho Merino exhibits, It is scarcely pogslblo that such mag nlficcnt animals can bo bred In any ollior country, the dr} genial cllmato and unrivalled pastures of this continent being peculiarly adaptod for tbo dov elop racnt of this particular breed Tho shipments of wool from Victoria from 1st October, 1881, to dato Bbowa docroaso of 7,225 balea, tho total exporta being 277,485 bales, as comparod with 284,710 bales shipped at tho corresponding period last year Tho clearances from tho otbor leading colonies to dato are about as follows:-Now South Wolca, 101,438 bales, and South Australia, 117,661 bales; thus making a total decrcaso of 17 919 bales, or about 8 per cent, ua compared witli this dato loBt jcar. lhere ia, howover, a considerable quantity of wool detained on tbo Darling and in tho back districts; consequently, a reliahlo comparison cannot as yet bo Instituted ; but wo aro of opinion that, owing to tbo loBBcsby drought, the total export will not exceed that of last} car. Even »hero tho full numbor if sheep has been Bhorn thoylold porfioeco has fre- quently been conaldorably undor tho average The }leld from Tasmania and Western Australia »ill not affect tbo rcBult to any material oxtent; and »Ith regard to Now Zealand, although, it is rather eaily to arrive at a reliahlo estimate, wo do not expect any appreciable Increase According to tho last returns, the sales effected In the colonies during the season aro aa follows -Vic tori», 167,074 balos; New couth Walo», about 75,000 bales; and South Australia, about 40 000 bales; thus making a grand total of 272,071 bale, or 75,702 balea In excess of last } car Th t such a largo proportion of tbo clip, nearly ono third of tho cntlro yield of Australasia, and representing a money value of pro babl} over 165.000,000sterling, ahould bo dlspoaod of in tbo local markets Is matter for congratulation to those connected with the wool Intoroava of tho country, and no» that wo bavo dlroct steam commu nlcatlon with tho principal European ports, the sales will no doubt assumo greater proportions each j car. Our transactions with foreign wool manutac turora and speculators aro rapidly extending, and this season tho purchases on continental account have been on a moro extensivo scalo than hlthorto, tho direct ebipmcuta from Uolbourno to Antworp, Ham- burg, Bordeaux, and Havre aggregating 17,753 bales, in addition to tbo usual largo Bhlpmonts to tbo con- tinent via London Tbeao statistics show tho courso tho trado Is taking, and no doubt noxt year, when all tbo projected lines of steamers are in operation, tho direct shlpmontB will assume much moro important proportions Tho American demand haa again boon a promlnont feature In our markot, and 8,207 bales of our best un- washed VVOOIB havo been secured for the Unltod States OfthlBnumbcr 4 OlObolcsbave boon shipped direct to Boston by Balling VMSCIB, 1,607 bales by tho Pacific Mail Company's steamers vlil San Francisco, whilst tho b-ilnnco has gono forward via London Tho quantity shipped from Bydnov Is given as 3,065 baloa, thua making a total of 11,262 bales, aB against 4,131 balos last season. It is satisfactory to noto that nearly tbo »hole of this quantity has been transmitted direct to tho mills; and aB wo leam a much bettor fooling is now manifest In tho Amorican woollen markot, manufao turora »111 doubtlces hav o no roason to bo dissitlBlicd »ith their Australian purchases Should, theroforo, the revival In trado which has now commencod bo sus- tained, our operations »Ith tho United Slatoa noxt i }oar »111, »o anticípate, show a furthor lncroaso I Wo regret to noto that tho season continuos un favourablo for pastoral pursuits over a largo portion of tho Interior, for although somo partial rains havo fallon during tbo month, tbo effects of tbo drought la still felt in this and tbo neighbouring colonies, and food I and water aro becoming ecareo on many of tho back I stations Copious rains, however, bavo fallon during tho last few days in ihn northern districts of No» South Wales, and as tho downfall haa been unusually heavy on tho Warrego, Culgoa, Castlereagh, Macintyre, Namoi, and other tributaries of tho Darling, there Ia ovory roason to expect that this river will soon bo navlgablo for steamers Tho quan- tity of wool still detained on tho Darling Is estimated at about 16,000bales, and as alu-go piuportlon Is to bo disposed of In this markot, a temporary rovlval of our season may bo lookod for as soon aa tho wool comes to hand. We hopo that next you an effort will be mado to coin meneo tbe solea at an oarllor dato than hitherto baa many of our largo Hlvr rino woolgrowcracomruonco shearing operailona In July and August, and owing to tho Increase- railway communication, tho -rat In nalmcnt- ol their clips arrive in Melbourno soon after Consequently, growers who dcslro to Bell in this marke, have to Icavo Ihclr woola lu the warehouaos for six or eight wecke, willi the coitalnty of missing the November Bales Bli raid thoy ultimately decido on shipment Hauy clips aro for this reason annually shipped direct to London, but If vv o could commence to Bell in September bujers would Ihus bo onablod to purchase for delivery In Eufcland or tho continent lu November, vii Sue? Canal and wo havo no doubt a largely Increased business In tho colonlos woulJ , ensuo Tlio opening: of Hie February oalos, which has boon [ anxiously looked forward to has.woloarnbycablegram, been fixed for tho 23th hist, and the quantity of now arrivals to bo included Umllod to 300 000 bates Although a full number to put on tho market for the opening Bales of tho yoar, the trade will, wo think, prove sufficiently elastic to absorb this quantity ; and firiccs, Ibcrcforo, aro not likely to declino Advices rom tho home markets eontinuo satisfactory, manu facturera bolng moro tully omploycd than baa been the case for a considerable period, and altogether the English woollen Industry Is reported to be In a very eathfactory condition Freights to London por Bailing véasela oro ruling «t 2d for grrasy and Jd per lb for washed The ratea per steamer, via Suer Canal, are Jd for greasy and Jd for washed Exchange on London Is at J per con» discount for drafts at 00 days' sight, and j per cent extra for each 30 doj a additional The following ships havo cleared during the month with wool on board--Jan 19, Cambrian Prince, from Geelong to London 4,629 balea. Antiope, from Melbourne to London, 2,033 bales, 22, Marpesla, from Melbourne to London, 3,077 bales, 20, Lusitania, as (via Sue? Canal), from Melbourno to London, 787 bales Keb 2, Jerusalem, from Melbourne to Antwerp, 2,816 bales, Northern Monarch, from Holbourne to London, 3,550 bales , Khedivo.s B , from Holbourne to London (via Sue? Canal) 1,219 bales, 8, Looh Shiel, from Melbourne to London, 1,952 bale» ; 4, Arlstldos, from Melbourno to London, 5,901 bales, Veritas, from Uolbourno to London, 220 bolos ; 6, Sobraon, from Melbourne to London, 1,616 bales ; Shan non, from Melbourno to London, 8,103 bales, 8, George Thompson, from Melbourno to Antwerp, 1,501 hales, 9, Looh lay, from Melbourne to London, 4,670 bales, total, 87,710 Add previous shipments, from October 1st, 1881, 242 002 balcs-280 372 balos Lee? error, North American, shlpmont Doe 18th, 1881, 2 887 bales Total shipments to date, 477,185 bales Total shipments from Oct, 1850, to tilla dolo lost year, 284 710 balea Docreaso, 7,225 balos Prices Current - Greasy-Inferior, 0d to 3d , ordl nary to average, Sd to lOd , good to auporlor, lOd to la 2d Fleece (washcd)-lnferlor, lid to IB Id ordinary to morago, Is 2d tola 4d , average to good, Is 4d to Is Od , superior, Is Od to 2a Scourod Inferior, Is to la 2d . ordinary, la 4d to la Od , middling to good, Is Od to la 9d , superior. Is. 0d to 2a SDUKART OP WOOI, SAMS ÜFIB SIKOB CLOS« OÏ LAST SEASON TO DATK li Goldsbrougii & Co Limited, Melbourno Australasian Mortgage and Art-ncy Company Limited, Melbourne bow Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency Company Limited, Melbourno M 1) Synnot Bros, Melbourno Denny, Lascelles, Aus tin, and Co , Geelong Geo 8jnnot and Co, Geelong Geo Uaguo and Co, Geelong Appleton and Co , Geo long " _, 81,703 24,929 25,692 20,520 14,491 10,716 10,408 13,363 8,553 7,020 11,432 8,852 4 332 3,001 Total 168 202,494 1167,074 ShoopBklns -From February to May last year prices graduall) Increased In proportion to growth of wool, out during tho latter month a marked decline m prices occurred, bayer» being undor tho Impression that the range ot values thou ruling was too high An adjustment of prices having been established to the sot-facllon ot both vendors and buyors, the aubso quent fluctuations until November wore lnslgrducaur, prices continuing to advonco steadily ; and owing to tho small quantity of wool offering during the winter months, competition in this market was very keen, both green and dry skins meeting with active demand at 1 Igh raus Tho opening of Iho wool sales in Oo tobcr, however, as usual, hod a depressing effect on this market, and as supplica of wool lncreasod tho at- tention of buyors wes almost diverted from snoop ekinB, only green pelts finding steady sale, dry aklna of all classes bolng little sought atter Aa the wool season approached a termination, a better feeling graduallysprangup.andotprcsontlbelocalfellmongera are operating with some vigour at prices almost approximating to those ruling at this date last year Tlio value of station eklna at per lb , howovor. Is etlghtly lower Skins early shorn aro showing a fair growth of wool, and merinos of primo quality attract activo competition Current quotations are - Butchers green pells, superior, Is lOd to 2a Od each, do do, avorago, la to l8 lOd each, do dry do , avcrago to superior, 9d to la lOd each, dry skins, in bales, &c; , superior, c_d lo OJd per lb ; do do , av erngo, öd to 5Jd per lb Hides -Tbia market has beon subjected to fluctua tiona throughout tho year, hut in no caao has any chango In values boon BO marked as to desorvo special notice On tho whole, prices have boon steady, although comparatively low, and a fairly average business hoB been transacted Supplies, In conBequonco ol tho low rales ruling, havo boen almost exclusively confined to local produce tho hoavy Bhlpments from other colonice wblch wera once attracted to this market by tho high ratea ruling having boon diverted to other channels, although At current prices, which are much higher than any that havo prevailed during; tho past j car, it may bo expected that trade may aoon bo rcBUmed, more especially with Now Zealand, hoavy welthta from that colony alwajs mcetlog with special favour A noticeable feature In tho year's business has been tbo active demand for green cow hldos Since August last buj ers of hides bavo Insisted on tho I removal of tbo cars with the offil, and in most cases, this has been dono by tho vendora, as they have found it to their advontago to do BO Vondors havo also laid moro attention to the preparation of hides for market, such aa tho removal of offal, woll salting, ' _c, and where these points havo been observed, j better prices havo alwajs been obtained During ; the past monlh a brisk demand has sprung up, and prices havo graJually advanced about id per lb on tho previous month's quotations At firesent tbcro are no Indications of weakness, all offer i ng being readily taken, primo lots being eagorly com petedfor Woquoto - Orconox at orage sizes, 18s I to 28a each ; do cow, do, 16a to 18a each, kips, greon and salted, 3d to 3Jd per lb, Victorian salted, superior, 4jd to Sd per lb, average, 3Jd to 4fd per lb , inferior, 2Jd to 8Jd per lb , New Zealand heavy ; weights, 4¡d to 6Jd, per lb Sjdneyand Adelaide ' heavy weights, 4jd to 6d por lb Kangaroo Bidna, Ac -As the autumn advanced It becamo apparent that tho high prices ruling for opossum skins during the winter of 1880 would not be reached, shippers In most Instances having suffered lotees, but when supplies of woll furred Bklns com nu need to arrivo a brisk demand set In, and prevailed all through tho winter and early spring-buyora, however, confining heavy pordiosea to supe rior lots only The valuo of opossum atina ranged up to 7s per dozen, but Blocs tho warm weather commonccd the markot has beon almost doimant As supplies aro small, and low buyors in tho nisiket during tbo summer months, activo bust ness cannot bo expected before next winter, tho skins obtainable at this Benson of tho jour being very poorly lurred Kangaroo skins Bold well until tho post few months, whon tho demand ccasod for all but primo lotB and prices rcccdol slightly, at present imor qualities aro almost uuaulcablo, unless at very low rotea. Itabblt¡ eklna met with a brisk domand during tho cool season at from lOd to 2a por dozen, but Blnco tbo conuntucoment of]summcr, business has slackened, on account of tho poorness of fur and Erceenco of weovlhj in moBt consignments Thoro Is, owevcr, a moderato demand for largo, noll furred skins Bt present Current quotations aro -Opossum skins, superior, Sa to 3s Od per dozon, do do, average, Is Gd to Ss por dozon Kangaroo skins, superior, 8d to lid per lb , do do , avoroge, 4d to 8d per lb Babbit skins, eupcrlor, Is to Is 3d per dozen , do do , average, 7d to Is per dozen Tollow -An extensivo business lias been dono dur log Iho year, bolh tlio local manufacturera and ship pera having oporatcdjwlth vigour, and the supplies placed upon tho market havo been cleared out with out difficulty Shippers havo had to contend with great ditncully In procuring freight, which through out hos been very acareo, and tho ratea asked havo greallj militated against extensivo oporotloiiB Tho tono of tho London market, howovor, has gradually improved, and has Induced ehitipora to mako Btrcnuous efforts to fill their orders During tho autumn and winters montliB no fluctuations of conae quoncc occurred, but tn last Soptomber advices from London of an advonco of from £3 to £4 per ton gave an impetus to bliBlnefiH, and Blnco thon, nlthoughauddenituctuatlonBllave taken placofromtlrne to time, prices at proaent remain high, and tho tono of tho market l8 steady, with indications of prcsont quotations being maintained, stocks in tho London markot being much lower than usual Tho local manufacturers havo taken all tallow unsuitobio for Bhlpmcnt, and, although at times tbcro woro Indico tlotiB of a glut, all offering found purchasers at satis factory prices Our Biles during tho 12 months havo comprised 14 600 casks, and thoro Is a good BUpply coming forward Frlcea In tills markot havo not ad vonccd in proportion to thoflo lullng in London, tho fluctuations in tlio latter market causing shippers to cxerciso caution, end loavo o wldo margin botwocn values Current Quotations aro -Ordinary tallow Mutton, £31 to £32 10a per ton, beef, £29 to £30 do , mixed, £27 to £81 do , Inferior, £21 to £27 do Shipping parcelB, best brands-Mutton, £31 por ton, fob, beef £3»do,f ob Tho follow 1m. v tssels have elcoro 1 during tho month with tallow on board -Jan 19,1832, Avongor from Melbourno to London, 200 casks, Carllslu OoBtlo, from Melbourno to London, 820 do , Cambrian Prinoo, from Geelong to London, 160 do , Antiope from Mol bourne to London, 235 do , Jan 22 Marposla, from Melbourno to London 690 do , Jan 20 Lusitania (via Suez Canal) from Melbourno to London, 50 do , Fob 2 Northern Monarch, from Molbourno to London, 478 do Ich 4, Adalides from Molbourno to London, 241 do , \critaa, from Molbuurno to London, 185 do. ; Feb. 6, Sobraon from Melbourne to London, 699 do. ; Shannon | from Milhourno to London, 002 do, Fob 8- Ocorgo Thompson, from Molbourno to Ant worp, 133do, lob 0 Lorh Tay, from Molbourno to London 078 do Total, i 060 casks Total ohlpinontl fruin Fchruarj, 1874, to lobruorj, 1875,17 074 casks, do , 1876 to 1876, 10 COS do , do , 1870 to 1877, 12,104 do , do, 1877 to 1878 7,085 do , do ,1878 to 1879, 18,000 do , do , 1870 to 1880, 14 111 do , do , 1830 to 1881, 20,035 do , do , 1881 to 1882, 23 583 do Bark -A brisk demand Bprong np somo months ogo, which has continued, and notwithstanding that tho hoavj supplies of tho now season s bark at ono timo threatened to bear down prices, thcao havo not given way, prcacnt quotations comparing favourably with those ruling otany time during tho yoar Bujors linvo Bhown n prefcronco for bundled, and all coming forward of good quality has found ready occoptanco at satisfactory prices Chopped and ground havo mot with Bomo favour, good brands In particular mooting with brisk competition of late We quoto-Bundled, Buperlor, £6 10a, to £0 10a per ton , do , avorago, £3 10s to £6 10s. do ; choppod, £5 10a to £0 16s do , ground £0 15a to £8 do Frcecrv ed Meata -The Molbourno Moat preserving Compnnj roports that, alter an interval ot throe months wotk waa «Burned at the ond of Soptomber Operations during tho post twelvo months havo boon on a very llmltod ecolo comparod with tho business transacted In provious years, tbo falling off being attributable lo the Injurious effects of tho Stock Tax During tho year tho company has Blaughtored 107,000 Bheop, valued at £39 781 ; and boef to the amount of £0,620 has, been preserved. Its abipmeuts to London for the Bamo period compriso 27,000 casos of preserved meat and 2,106 casks of tallow. Total Bhipmcnta tor tbo pastBcven yoars:-From February, 1876, to February, 1876,65,133 casca ; do , 1678 to do. 1877, 77,013 do.; do. 1S77 to do. 1878, 04,082 do.; do. 1878 to do. 1879,27.639 do.; do. 1879 to do. 1660, 20,600 do.; do. 18S0 to do. 1861, 55,406 do.; do. 1881 to do. 1682, 27,000 do. Frozen Meat.-Tho operation) of tho Australian Fror.cn Meat Export Company of Melbourne, although not on an extensive ecalo, havo so far boen highly satisfactory ; and Ibu fact has been established that under tho cold dry air process shipments of primo meat can be placed upon tbo Loudon market In first rato order at remunerativo prices. The compauyhaa mado lour shipments to Loudon during tho past 12 months, aggregating 18,681 carcases of sheep, and 834 quarters of beef. Tho chief obstado the company has bad to contond with from tbo commencement has been tho high ralo of freight by eteamcr: but this difficulty will, no doubt, be surmounted whon operations assume larger proportions. Arrangements havo been mado with tho Orient «îieem Navigation Company for regular con sigrimcma by four of their boats, In addition to which tho usual shipments will bo continued by the steamers already In tho trado. The nvcrago prices realised to date aro Cd. per lb, for beef and 6Jd. per lb. for mut- ton ; bnt It ia probable that lilghor rates will be obtained when proper storage accommodation in London lias been secured, and tbo prejudices which, no doubt, exist on tho part of consumera bavo been removed. Theso préjudices, it Is to bo hoped, will soon disappear, as the shipments aro now landed in perfect condition, and tbo meat is pronounced by com- petent Judges to bli quito equal to tbo English arllclo. Tho average weight of th» Bheep per Protoj, s.S., which sailed on tho 2nd January, was 76lbs. per carcase. TAM.II SnowiKo tns EXTORT OP WOOL most ina COLONY OV YICTOMA FROM 1837 TO 1831. 1837 1888 1689 1840 1841 1842 1643 1814 1846 ¡Bl« 1847 1818 Bales, 614 P12 1,810 2.770 .6,018 8,095 13,112 13,724 18,122 20,843 30,029 80 054 1840 I860 1E51 1662 1853 1854 186S 1850 1857 1858 1659 I860 Bales. .. 42,814 .. 63,209 .. 48,074 .. 68,903 .. 01,301 .. 07,042 .. 03,424 .. 61,012 .. 60,520 .. (i8.'2S2 .. 63,70d "_71,393 Oct. 1 to Oct. I. 1BC0 ' 1861 .. 1601 1602 - 1662 1863 ... 1883 1864 .. 1664 1865 .. 1865 1806 .. 1867 .. ieC7 1606 .. le.69 .. 1809 1870 .. 1870 1871 .. Balos. 76,595 87,717 89,021 118,072 182,608 146,187 176,216 208,089 217,030 211,030 224,846 Oct. 1 to Oct. 1. 1871 1872 1873 1874 1876 1876 1877 1878 1879 1830 Dalos. 210,021 231,581 265,610 1872 .. 1873 .. 1874 .. 1875 ., 1870 " 1877 .. _ J 878 .. 203,673 1B79 _ 292,495 1830 .. 301,401 1831 .. 827,519 Note.-Up to 1860 tbo returns aro mado out for cadi .car inclusive, and aro approximate only; tho Cus- toms clearances being given in pounds weight, which wo havo divided Into balea. From October 1, I860, to October 1,1881, our own returns aro copied. ETATEUTOTS or Smiiisurs OP WOOL FROM VICTORIA, NRW BOOTU WALKS, SOUTH AUSTBAUA, AMO QUBBKS LJND. Victoria Now South Wales .. South Australia .. Queensland .. Year Ending Sept. 30, 1881. Bales. 327,519 223,74a 142,691 85,262 Year Ending Sept 80, 1SS0. Bales. 801,401 199,432 123,403 30,873 Yoar En Ung Sept. 30, 1879. Balea. 288,150 168,053 131,142 31,602 654.C09 | 011,853 Victoria New South Wales , South Australia . Queensland .. Year Ending Sept 80, Year Ending Sept 30, 1877. Bales. 298,573 184,018 122.010 87,897 Balos. 829.791 145,003 123,666 36,113 602,631 034.463 STATEUBST or IuroaTATioris o? coiiOKUii WOOL nero LoNDOíi, 1B03 TO 1881. Victoria N.8. Waloo Queensland 8\. Australia.. W. Australia Tasmania New Zealand Total Austral. ulan Capo & Natal 801,803 253,702 117,069 11,074 23,476 185,082 Victoria N.B. Wales & Queensland. S. Australia., W. Australia. Tasmania .. New Zealand. Total Austral- asian Capo _ Natal. 834,397 183,611 107,170 8,189 21.650 169,705 803,941 227,696 106,618 9,293 23,635 189,400 830,489 189,480 169,874 102,067 7,610 20,460 102,154 809,614 188,907 111,190 8,639 24,203 181,877 802,603 175,011 101,603 8,132 21,287 178,610 1,003,035| 051,185 279,751 264,257 Victoria N. S. Wales _ Queensland. S. Australia.. W. Australia. Tasmania .. New Zealand. Total Austral OBlan Capo & Natal 210,135 129,445 74,436 6,822 14,713 117,893 551,884 155,920 103,867 128,852 70,459 5,657 14,741 104,683 622,559 139,111 222,613 209,201 147,499 66,369 4,884 15,067 110,521 607,743 124,411 142,352 68,545 5,293 17,310 106,600 540,402 121,473 South Australia Western Australia Tasmania New Zealand ,. 206,188 120,644 06,097 4,861 17,802 85,329 210,609 121,200) 60,008 4,135 17,909 81,083 Total .. 631,667 633,400 MONTHLY WOOL AND STATION PRO- DUCE REPORTS. The ADSTRAUSIAH MOBTOAOB andAOEKCT COI ritrr LniiTEn (Hastings Ounlngham and Co. Limited). Monthly Report : Season 1831-2. Wool.-Tho amount ot business In, this Btaplo which has been transacted Blnco tho date of our lost circular Is'small lu comparison with previous roturas, and tho character of most of the lots comprised In tho various catalogues such as Is usually found at the end of tho season, viz., low qualities with remnants of clips. Tho few offerings ot a better description which wore avallablo hove attracted kecu competition and realised cxcollent prices, the market generally displaying a very Arm tono, and Indicating a strong deslra on tho part of buyers to continue operations lu fulfilment of ordors still opon. Except tho Upper Darling wools, howevor. which oro still detained by tho low Btato of the river, there is but little to come forward In supply of this demand, and wo consequently look for present values to bo maintained. Melbourno sales for tho month amount to 7,600 bales. Telegrams from London roport that tho opening of February sales la fixed for 28th Inst., and that tho number of balcB to bo offered during tho serlos Is limited to 300,000, which will lnciudo about 10,030 toles held over from tho old year's salea. In vlow of the healthy condition ol tho manufacturing- trado lu tho homo districts, and tbo somowbat rcatrlcted operations of foreign buyers during tho last scries rendering it prohoblo that their rcquiromouta will con- stitute au Important element lu thecomtng eales, it la likely that a tolerably activo demand will bo ex- perienced. It ia satisfactory to observe that a good commence, ment has been made this soason in tbo matter of direct consignments to tho contlnont of Eurono, tho successful lseuo of which must havo a bénéficiai effect upon our Australian markets. Tho weather during the past month bos been for tho moat part dry, and In tho plains northward in Victoria much Inconvenience has already hoon experi- enced, although wo aro not aware of any serious losses having occurred. In Queensland and tho northorn part of Now South Wales wo aro happy to know that tho dry season has brokou up, and that rains havo fallon over a wldo oxtentof country. Shipments tor the month oro as follow, viz.:-From IIobBon's Bay for London- Avenger, .cloarcd January 19, with 4,200 bales; Morpcsla, January 20, 3,577 bales ; Lusitania, B.B., January 20,787balcs ; Northorn Monarch, January 80, 3,569 bales; Khodlvo, s.a., February 1, 1,219 bales; Loch Shiel, Fobruary 1, 1,962 baleB ; Veritas, Fobruary 3, 220 balos ; ArlBlldcs, Fobruary 8, 5,001 balfs ; Sobraon, Feb- ruary 4, 1,616 bales ; Shannon, Fobruary 4, 8,103 bales; Loch Tay, February 8, 4,579 bales; From Geelong-Cambrian Prlnco, January 17, 4029 bales-total,35,470balee. FromMolbournotor Antwerp \- Jerusalem, January 28,2810 bales ; Goorgo Thompson, February 4,1581 balcB. Month's exports, 39,877 haloa. Previous shipments for Loudon, 223,741 bales; do. Boston; 4293 bales; do. Hamburg, 2037 bolea; do. Ha\ re. 1401 bales ; do. Antwerp, 6002 hales. Total ex- portations from October 1,1881, to dato, 270.471 baloa. Corresponding period-18S0-81, 237,802 hales ; 1879 60, 957,401 ; 1878-79, 250,892 ; 1877-78, 230,030 ; 1870 77,275.037; 1875-70, 255,009; 1874-75, 257,700; 1873 74, 228,7e2; 1872-73, 200,259; 1871-72, 180,305. Several ships aro on tho berth, and freights aro ruling at Sd. and id. forsallliigvesscIs.andSd.nndäd. for steamtra, for greasy and washed wcrl reBpoc tlvoly. SlicopsklnB.-A llttlo moro activity has boon wit- nessed during the-month past, than waa tho caao whon wo laBt reported tilla market, and somo Buperlor polt3 havo lealiBed iirlccs proportionately with their In creased growth of wool. Tho bulk of-supplies, howovor, were of only medium quality, and quota- tions oro but llttlo altered from those of last month. Wo havo sold butohors' fresh slaughtered pelts from Is. to 2s. each ; superior, to 2a. Od. each ; lambskins, from Is. 3d. to 2a Od. each ; drysklna nro Boiling from Od. to7d. per lb. for Inferior, and S.d. todd, per lb. for croisbredB. Hides havo still an activo Bale, and primo hoavy. weights oro In strong request. Tho values wo quoted last month havo been well sustained, and wo havo quitted full supplies at tbo following prices, viz : Oreen ox, from 10a. to 26s. each for avorago woights, oxtra heavies up to 10B. each ; cow. Sid. to 8Jd. nor lb.; kip, 3d. to 3Jd., and calfskins 4d. to 5d. por Ib.; salted hides, light to medium, from 3jd. to Id., and heavy up to 4Jd. por lb. ....... Kangaroo and Fur Bklns aro not saleable during the present BcoBon, unless on oxcoptlop bo mode lo favour of really primo lots, for which thoro la always a moderato inquiry, but of which the supply Is very limited. ' , , , Tallow.-Telegrams hovo boon received here from timo to timo reporting continued Urmnesa lu the home markot, but during tho month past oxportora havo not operated to auy gte&t; extent lu our local faits, nnd most of tho trade operations have been for tho manufactories; prices consequently do notrevch » level equivalent to those reported from London, and many holders declino to close at local current rates. The business is thus for tho most part confined to such Iota as oro in packages unfit for ship- ment, for which wo qnoto tho following values, vis : Mutton, £82 to £83 ; beef, £31 to £32 ; mixed, £28 to £82 per ton. The clearances for tbe month comprlso 4,100 casks. Bark Is still In short supply, and wo have numerous inquiries at high prices. Long bark is worth £< 19s. to £0 per ton, and ground, known brands of primo quality, up to £816s. por ton. Tux N»w ZEALAND LOAN AND MRRCANTILB AOBSCT CoaU'AKY LIMITKD monthly report : Wool.-Tbo buslnesa transacted slnco our last summary has bceu, comparatively speaking, of an unimiiortant nature, and tbo sales to bo held this »otk will virtually close tho season. On the 20th lust, »o purpose giving a revfow of tho season's tran- sactions, and we therefore reservo till tben tho re- marks wo have to rnako regarding tbo principal ftnlurta of tho past mouth's operations. The wools now coming forward aro mostly of low quality, consisting principally of small lots of greasy and oddments of clips already doalt willi. With tho exception of tho Upper Darling wools, which havo been detained by the low atato of tbo rivor, there aro no Important lots to como down. Lato9t telegrams from tilla district indicate that tho late rains thero bavo üoiutwhat raised (ho level of tho rivor, and we may now expect navigation to bo reBumod. Tho market throughout tbo month has boen firm, aud wo sutieipato that the present weok's transactions will bo characterised by briskness, and that late ratos will bo »eil maintained. Slnco wo last advised, 7,520 bales havo been disposed of in this market. Our London office advises us, undor date tbo 9th inst., that tho February- March series of London wool pales is Axed to commenco on tho 28th lust. The number of balos to bo submitted Is limited to 300,000, which will Include 10,000 bales held over from the previous sales. The total arrivals up to date omouuted to 120,000 bales. Our advices from tho copntry report a great want ol rain. Tho dams and waterholes aro becoming vory low, and a downpour la anxiously looked forward to. In Queensland, and tho northern parts of New South WalcB Eomcsploiidld raitia havo dono a largo amount of good, and bavo brightened tho faco uf pastoral matters thero considerably. . Tho shipments for tho month havo boen as follows *. -January 14, Carlislo Castle, for London, with 4,493 bales on board ; January 16, Antiope, for London 2,033 baleB; January l8, Cambrian Prince, from Gee- long for London, 4,029 bales ; January 19, Avouger, for London, 4,200 bales ; January 25, Lusitania, for London, 787 bales; January 20, Marposia, tor London, 8,677 bales; January 28, Jerusalem, for Antwarp, 2,840 bales; January 81, Nortborn Monarch, for London, 8,6t0 bales ; February 1, Khedive, for Lon- don, 1,219 bales ; February 1, Loch Shiel, for London, 1,952 balee ; February 8, Vorltas, for London, 210 bales ; February 3, Arlstldes, for London, 6,064 balos ; February 4, Gcorgo Thompson, tor Antwerp, 1,501 bales; February 4, Sobraon, for London, 1,616 bales; Februaiy4, Shannon, for London, 3,168 bales; Feb- ruary 8, Loch Tay, for Loudon, 4,679 halos. Total, 46,408 bales. Add shipment* from October 1, 238,81(1 bales. Total rbipments to dale, 285,254 bales. FrlcoB Current.-Greasy - Inferior, 6d. to 7d.; ordinary to average, 7d. to Od.; good to superior lOJd. to Is. ljd. Fleece (washed)-Inferior, lOd. to Is. Id.; ordinary to average, la. Id. to la. 4d ; avcrago to good, Is. 4d to Is. 8d.; Buperior, is. 8jdtola Hld. Ecoured-Infcrlor, lid. to la. Id.; ordinary, la. 2d to la. Cd.; middling to good, la. 6d. to la. 8d.; superior, IB. 9d. to 2s. Exchange.-Drafts on London at 69 day»' eight aro quoted at } per cent, premium Belling, and J per cent, discount buying. Freights aro ruling for Bailing vessol, for greasy, at ^d., aud for washed at J¡d,; per stoamor Yia Suez Canal gd. for greasy, and 3d. for washed. Sbeepskina.-Our Bales havo boon well * attended throughout the month, and wo havo dono a large and satisfactory busineas. Wo havo Bold a full Bupply of dry BkinB at good ratos. Pelts, which now begin to show a fair growth of wool, havo moved off at full rates. Wo report an activo demand at following quotations :-Lamb skins, la lOd. to 2a. each ; do. pelts, lod. to IB do.; butchers' skins, up to 5s. do.; pella.la. Od. to 2s. 8d. do. ; dry skins, 21. 3d. to 5s. do.; station skins (in balee), 4}d to 7d. pcrlb. lildca.-Ibero bas been an actlv o Inquiry through- out for all descriptions, tho tanners competing with spirit for all lots suitable to thom. Wo havo sold a heavy supply, and report a kocu demand for all parcels in cleon condition, freo from offal and ears.' Heavy descriptions are eagerly competed tor, and are readily taken up at high rates. The bulk of tbo iffeilrgB bavo comprised Victorian produce but any good shipments from tbo neighbouring colonies would meet a satisfactory market. We quoto :-Groen ox hides, 17s. to 33s. each ; green cow do., 3JJ. to 33J. per lb ; calf skins, 4d. to í ¡JJ. do ; Now Zoaland hidos, up to 5d. do.; kip do., 3d. to 3Jd. do.; Victorian salted do.; SJd. to 4]d. do.; do , extra heavy, up to4¡d. and Cd. do. Leather.-We havo disposed of largo quantities of almost all descriptions at rates aa below. Superior basils bavo sold well, but tho Inferior sorts bavo been difficult to place. Light crops and rough tanned kip bavo been In request, aa bavo also black barnoss and kip. A steady domand continues at ratea os below : Crop, Od. to 13d. per lb.; kip, Is. 3d. to Is. Od. do.; runners, Is. 6d. to Is. 9d. do,; calf, 2a. to 2s lOd. do.; waxed kangaroo, ^w. to '2s 4d. do ; bro»-n kangaroo. Is. lOil. to 28. Sd. do.; wallaby, 2s. to 2a. 10J. do.; har- ness, 13d. to 14d. do.; basils, 10a. to 20a. per do:., or 7d. to 15d. per lb ; rough tanned kangaroo, Is. 4d. to is. OJd. I Kangaroo Skins, ¿se-Primo lots of kangaroo and wallaby have met »ithattent.on, but the iuforloreorts have been entirely noglocted. Now that tho season is ovor few opossum skins aro coming forward, and these aro inferior. Prlcca consequently are low, and a revival of business can only bo expected whoo the cold weather cornea round again. Rabbit Bklns In good condition met with quick sales, but the majority now coming to band ara intorlor and weevilly. We quoto :-Kangaroo, ii. to lid. per Ib.; wallaby, 5d. to 9d. per lb.; opossum skins (avcrago) Is. Od. to 2s. Od. per doz ; rabbit skins, 8d. to Is. 3d. per doz.; do (prime), la. 6d. to Is. 7d. per doz. Tallow.-Our transactions in this sines we last ad- vised bavo been largo, but tbo demand waa princi- pally on local account. Thora baa been, howover, a ; fairly good buslnesa dono In shipping lots, and aa the latest cabio advices from the London markot aro favourable, wo nnllclpato that operations in this Uno «111 bo extended, as freights aro now comparatively easy. We qnoto :- Bcof, £26 to £39 per ton ; mutton to £S3 10s.; mixed, £27 to £33; Interior. £24 to £28. Thesbir menta for tbe month havo been aa follows : January 14, Carlisle Castlo, for London, 820 casks; Jenuaty 10, Antiope, for London, 235 casks; January l8. Cambrian Prlnco, 150 casks; January 19, Avenger,tor London, 200 casks; January 25, Lusi- tania, for London, 50 casks ; January 25, MarpoBla, for London, 699 casks; January 31, Northern Monarcb, for London, 478 casks; February 3, Vorltas, frem London, 185 casks ; Fobruary 8, Arlstldes, for ' London, 241 casks ; February 4, George Thompson, for Antwerp, 183 casks; February 4, Sobraon, for London, 699 casks; February 4, Shannon, for Lon- don, C92 casks ; February 8, Loch Tay, tor London, 678 casks. Total, 4.0OO. Bark.-Thora has been an activo demaod through- i out tho month for all descriptions, and we havo dono a largo business. Wo now quoto ground, £6 to £3 10a. per ton ; chopped, up to £710s. ; bundled, £4 to > £7; do. prime, up to £7 10a. REVIEW OF THE STOCK AND SHARE MARKE 1'. Tho mining markot has beon (airly activo during tbo past fortnight. The most numerous transactions havo been In the various companlea lying north o¡ the New Australasian and south of tho Madame Berry and Lough.in's, In all of which prices havo fluctuated a good deal, but on tbo whole have had an upward tendency. The Hingston dividend mines, Madamo J] rrj', Loughlln, Lono Hand, and Histor!, bave had good support at full rates Ballarat companies hayo had less than usual business, and Bond and Albion Consols close at reduced prices Among Walhalla com panics, tho Long Tunnel, which has not poid a dlvi dend this month, bos receded, but the Long Tunnol Extended, which report Improved mloo prospects, havo advanced. Egerton companloa havo beon de prtBBCd, but aro rather firmer at close Tho miners btrlko In the Black Horse has boon terminated lu Maryborough district there baa boen a dull market, and rathor lower prices for Duke Company , anti Wtrklng Minors' United had also a falling markot till tho post thrco dojs, when, owing to their excellent yields, thoy havo again boen In favour, and havo au upward tendency Dunolly companies havo had a limited business at rather lower prlcoa In Sandhurst companlea huaiuess baa been of modo rato extent, without very much chango genorallj but Belmont and Saxby CIOBO at lowor and Extended St Mutigo at higher pricea Tin companies' shares havo had a restricted business, but Alfred and North Brothers' Homo havo realised advanced prices In debentures mid bank shares tbcro Ima been a v cry quiet markot, willi llttlo chango in prices gciierolly, hut National Bank liavo rocedod n llttlo, and Economic have advanced Tho Federal Bank havo arranged to uko over tho huai ness of tbo Sjdnoy and County Bank, Sjdnoj, ard expect Boon to get pos°Cflelon of tho building at present occupied by tho Colonial Bank In Molbourno Mr Priestley, formerly of tho Commercial Bank, has been appointed accountant In goB, Insurance, finan dal, and tnleccHaticoua companies' shares, only a moderato business transactrd and no great changos In values Tho markot closes quiet, hut protty firm Debentures -\ leto-iati Government six per couta , dtiolESO, bujor £111,do, duo lbSD. sold at £103; do , four per contB (stock) Bold at £102 Banks-Australasian Deposit and Mortgage, £25 paid, sales £29 168 to £29 5s ; do , £5 paid buj or £6 18s Ballarat, paid, bujor £7 l63 Colonial sold at £9 5s to £9 4s Commercial, sales £5 13a to £5 12s City of Melbourne, solea 61s. to 64s 6d Economic, 40a Oil to 42a 6d Joint Stock sold at 23a 9d toils Od riderai, Bales 6a Od to 7a Land Orodlt Bold at 20s to 30s Land Mortgngo sold at 40« Od to 47s National, Molbourno register, sales £3 10a to £S 17s Notional, Adelaida rcgislor, sold at £8 15s Now ¿oa lond, seller £24 7s Od Oriental, Bollor £23 Union vv anted at £09 V Ictoria sold at £3310s , cum dividend, and clúsosollor£37 5s , ex (Iii * GOB -Ballarat, buj er £11 Bendigo, buyor £0 68 Brighton sold ut 27s Od Metropolitan, salea £3 6a to £8 2a Insurance -Australian Alllanco, Buller £7 Colonial Mutual 1 Ira Bold at Cs Gd Indemnity sold at 30a 61 lvulional Fire, buyer 18a . Boiler 19a Southern, eales 21s to 21a 4d Unitoil Australian, buj cr 2a Od , seller sa Vlctorln, buj cr £0 8B, Bollor £8 53, do Lifo offered at £0 19a Mlsccllaneoiin -Australian Freehold Banking Oom patij, Ecllcr 58s Od Australasian Mortgago and Agcncj.BcllcrCOs Ballarat Woollen Mills sold at 20j Brewing ond Malting Co, Bales 75a Od to 70a Coillcniaino Brewery (Bjducj), silos 13B 9d to 13ft Deniliquin ond Moama Railvvoy, buyor £0 12s, seller £0 17s Electric Light, Bales 7e Od to 6» Od Langlands Foundry Co , buj or £18 5a Melbourno Woollen Milla Bold at 42s to 43s Model Lotlt,tnghouBO buj er £17 M'Culloch Carrying, sales £IC3 los to £100 Mutual Store, sales 01s to 61s Od Now ensilo Coo), seller £7 10a Permowan, Wright, and Co Bold at 78s , do , new Issuo offered at 10s R GoluBbrough and Co , saloa 52a to 63a Tramway and Omnibus Companj, Bales 033 to 03a Gd , to 07s Gd , do , now IBSUO , Boiler 038 Trustees, Executors, and Agency, sales 488. tq 47s 6J Victoria Coffee Palace sold at 2Cs Victorian Dress Association, Boiler 10a Mctorlnn Tramway, eolca l8 8d tola 4d West ond Brewery, eales 19a to 20s Tin Minea-Alfred, sal'S 00a to 05a Cornwall, sales 4s Od to 5B lOd to 31 lOjd CUD?, salea 3s to 2s Od Fmpresa Victoria, solea 5a to 4s Jlnge'llo sold at 4s 3d Montasuo Extended, Bales 3s lOd to 4s Mount Bischoff, buyer £08 10a North BrOthcra Home, Eales 8s to 6a Cd to 7s Prince Goorgo, seller 4s V\ juc ford, falca 2s 1¡3 lo 2a 3d Stanhope, Bales 06a Od to 73s Gold MlncB -Ballarat, _o -Al Perthshire, buyer 17s Australasian Consols, sales 13s 3d to 10a Aus tralaeian Extended, salea 4 la to 478 Balmoral, salea 12s to ISa Band and Albion Consols, eales £7 12a Gd to £7 10s Band and Birton's United, seller 17s W. P'rry Consols, sales 9oa to 90s ; do Extended, aalet 52s to 30a. OJ, do No 1, »aloa 12s Sd to 2a Od Black Horse United, aalea 25a lo íes. Bute, salea 6a. Od to Bs. Cd. nuninyong Eatato, eellor Oi Carisbrook United, salea 27s. to 28s Od Charlcaon sold at 14s 9d to 17s 3d. City of Ballarat, seller 16s Clover lilli, aalos IBs lo 22a, do Consola, Boiler 6a. Criterion, sales Sa lid to Oa. 8d Cornish, DaylcJi'u-d, salea 21s to 23s Cooper's Freehold, salea 7s sd to Es 3d Davlca's t rcebold closo 44B buyer, 40s teller Dukes, sales 8"s Od to80a Od Eaglehawk alliance Bcllor 17a Egerton, sales , 82s. Od to 69a to 67s to 8U Elliss Iroehold, buyer 18s, seller 20a Flinders, Talbot, sales la id to 2a to Is 7d Orcat Northern Quartz cold st 2s Od Golden Stream s il J at 30s to 268 Hepburn Homo Paddock sold at 938 Ilopburn No 1, buyer 16a 0J , Boiler 19a Hepburn Estate, sales 19a Od to 22a Gd King a Birthday, seller 2s 9d Kong Mont, have rocodod to los Langridgo Extended seller 7s 3d Lock a Sx tended No 1 Bold at 4s Long Tunnel sold £66, and offered elnco at £03 Long Tunnel Extended, sales £10 to £12 10e Long Point, huyer 19a , seller 21a Lono Hand, sales £12 5s to £12 2a Lord Harri, sales 60s to 60s to 48s. Loujiblln'a, eales £fa Cs. to £14 0s to £14 Moorook) lo aold at 3a 4d Madame Berry, sales £17 to £17 5a to £17 2a tia) 1er Freehold sales Is 2d to la 0J to Is 01 No 1 North Victoria, buyer Is New Australasian, sales £9 4a to £12 New Discov cry, salea 5s Od to 6a NewLothair bli) or 18s Od, seller 20a Od New North Clunes, buj er £0 6s , teller £7 New North Homo bush, salea 22s. 8d to 20a New Koli I noor, seller 28a 6d No 2 Working Minora, aalcs it to Sa lOjd North Kob-t noor, Balta 7s 6d North Australasian, sales 66a. to Ois North Birthday, aalea 11s 01 to 12s Noith Long Tunnel, sales 2) 0J to 8a lid Old Working Miners, seller 26a Parker's United, sales 23s to 12s 61 to ISs Parker's No 1, seller 3s 3d Queens Birthday, sales £13 10s to £12 17B. Od lllslng Star Bold at 32a Ristorl, seller £6108 Spring bli! Leads, sales 33 Cd to 3a 3d Spring hill and Ceulral Loads sales 0a 3d to 0a South Clunes, sales £7 5s to £7 4s South Cross Ps trolcum sold at 68 Sydenham, sales 4a Od to 6s Union, Amherst, seller 16s V Ictory sold at 8a Talo a ltccf sold at 0s 8d Vt H'on s bill, buyer 10a , seller 12a dorking Miners' United eales down to £7 10s, re coloring to ¿8 fis. and closing at £8 3a Yorkshire, Bales 7B 3d to8s.to7s6d VoungliandExtendcdsoldat33l Sandhurst - Bolmont and Saxby, sales 67s Od to 60s to 56s. Craven a, buyer Sa Od ConOdonco Ex tended sold at 14s 9d Ellenborough, sales 23s 3d to 26s Ellesmere No 1, salea 20a Od to 21a 01 EmprcsB of India sold at l8 Bd Kxtonded St Mungo, eales 6a 3d to 0s Bd to Cs 8d Fredorlek the Orcat, Boles Be Sd to 8s Garden Gully Unltod sold at £5 Oa Garibaldi Bold at 22s Golden Ago, Boiler 6a Great Extended Hustler's, ealcsSa lOd to 4a 01 to 44 Hercules and Energetic, bu) cr 60s , Boiler 80s La Belle Bold at 15s 9d , Arm Lady Barkly sold at 141 Lazarus Bold at 6a Lazarus No 1, seller 8a New Cbum Consolidated, Bales 38a to 41a New Obum United, buyer 14s, seller 17a New Chum Railways aold at 15s 3d Now St Mungo, buj cr 3a 9d , seller 4s 8d North Jobnaou, sales Is 21 to Is 5d North Hansel Monday, salea la 4]d to la 2d North Shenandoah, sales 23a 9d to 2ia 9d Poarl, buj cr 8s Cd, seller 4s Od Princess Dagmar, eales 12s Od lo 12s 0J Bed. Whito and Blue, eclior 2a 6d Boyal Hustler's, Bales Sa Od to 3) 4}d Sadowa, sales 25s to 20a 3d Sea sold at 8s Sham rock sold at 14a Shenandoah, sales 10a to 16a 6J to 158 Od South St Mungo sold at 10s St Mungo sold at 29s United Devonshire wanted at Vii Od V ictory and Pandora sold at 7« 9d Dividends-Loughlln, Kingston, 4a , Madama Berry, KIngBton, 4a, Ristorl, Kingston, la. Union Extended (final), Talbot, Ss 4d , Ellis Froehold, Malinsbur), Od , North Hansel, Monday, Sandhurst, 8d , Ellenborough, Sandhurst, Is, New Porsovcr ance (final), Ballarat, 7}d , Hercules and Energetic, Sai dhurst, Is , yorkshire. Tarnagulla, 6d , North Shenandoah Sandhurst, la, Duchcsa of Edinburgh, Sandhurst, 00 , Now Chum Conaolidatod, Sandhurst, Is , Gardon Gull} United, Sandhurst, la , Ovldbrook, Ballarat, 2a , Washington, Ballarat, l8 , Now Koli I noor, Ballarat, is, New Victoria, Beaufort, 6a, Dolcoath, Bunin} ong, Is_ LIVE STOCK REPORT 4,601 fat cattle, G26 fat calves, 27,020 fat sheep, and 6,465 fat lambs havo been to d through the market yards at Flemington during the last fortnight Fat Cattlo -Tho supply has been hoavy, and consisted chiefly of Victorian cattle onlyafow northern lots having como forward On tho 2nd lost the demand for primo and good descriptions was brisk, and fully last quotations were matntalnod, but price a far middling Bud inferior sorts showed a downward tendency Last week prices ruled easier through out, and a reduction of fullv 16s per head had to be submitted to Quotations-Primo pens of bullocks, from £0 to £10 5a, good do, from £7 to £8, second do, from £510a to £6 10a , Inferior, from £3 10s Primo pens cowa from £6 10a to £0 15s, others frcm £2 10s to £5, according to quality Fat Calves -Tho nunibor yarded was much boyond requirement«, and consequently pricoa ruled considerably lower laat market day Quotations - Beet, from 80s to 403., good, from 20a to 25) , middling and inforior from 10a Fat 8heop -Tola market was modorately supplied, but only a small pro portion were primo and good, tho hulk of those yarded ranging from second to inforior quality Tbo demand has been activo for best deacrlp tiona, and for such advanced rates were realised while no material alteration can bo quoted for other Boris, which were dull ot Bale Primo crossbred wethers sold at from 11s 6d to 18s , good do , from 10s to 11s , second do , from 8s to 9s , Inferior, from Os , primo merino wothets, from 10s to Ils , good do , from 81 Od to 9a Od , second do , from 7s to 8 », Inforior, from 5s Fal Lambs -Prime descriptions wcro very moderately supplied, and such havo réalisai fair rates, but middling and Interior Boris wore dull of sale at low ligures. Quotations-Best, from 7s to 8s Gd ; good, from 0a. to Ga Gd, second, from 6a to 5s Od , Inferior, from 8s 6d SALES OF PROPERTIES O J and T. Ham report the solo of the under mentioned properties -Melbourne - Collins street, land 25ft x 100ft,, with buildings, £3 209 Llttlo Bourke street, No 140, land 60ft x 80ft along Market lano, with brick cottago, £1,003 William Btrcot, 76ft Sin x 117ft. along Llttlo Bourko Btrcot with Victoria Bond, £11,500 Carlton-Lygon stroct, 132ft x 105It, with shops and dwelling« thorcon, also, land lu University street, 30ft x OSft, £7,000 Drummond street, 18ft. xEOit, with Grange torraco, £1 4015a 3J St. Kilda-Bay v low Estate, lots having frontages to Milford, Blessington, and Chaucer streeti, ^1,834 5» 3d High street, lot 14 of allotment I of section 63, with buildings, £750 Fitzroy-Goorge stroot, 60ft x 130ft 3ln , Laving additional frontage to 20ft. rood, with two Blory residence theroon, £2,000 Rich ' mond-Mary Btrcot, 6Blt 2ln x 75ft Oiu . £55 17 Krln street, 60x177 lo Bowen Btrcot £350 Collingwood -Smith street, thrco allotments, each 20 x 03ft 4 Jin, £1 470 Bilghton-Part of Portion 11, Moorabbin containing 40 ocres with frontages to Thomas and Hompdon rood» £1 900 Part of Portion 10, with frontages to Dampdon, Linacre and Daly roads, £1,710 Hotham-Errol Btrcot Catt 7Sln x 70ft, with shore, £2,500 Hothom-2tt x 30ft, £30, Boroondara, Burwood road, 74ft 41n x 100ft, £316 18a 5d Auburn road, 100 x 180, £250 Camberwell road, 20a lr 20p, with buildings, £0 600 Kow- Alfred Btrcot, 193ft x 200ft , £400 , Pocklngton sir cet, 00 x 330 to Pojl street, with cottage, £950 St Kilda-Wolilugton btrcot Silt Hin x 118ft, with Ston j croft-villa, £905 South Mel bourne-Punt road 00ft x 211ft Oin , with dwelling, £820, Millswyn street, 3511 21n x 126ft, £158 Sa South Yarra-Bona Vista Estate, Toorak road, land 160ft Gin x 166ft to 173ft, £820 Is 3d , Cromwell road, 40ft x 184ft 6ln £180 Kensington-Saltwater Elver, 00 x 490 and 60 x 110 bolng port of Orown portion 22 Doutta Galla, £52s Nillumbik-Allot- ment 2, of Section 10, "5 chains by 31 chains to 5 elmina 04 HnkB £470 Kensington- Saltwater Itlvor, 100 x 400 and 100 x HO, £S00 Total, £49,533 10a lOd Messrs Fraser and Co roporttho sales of Iho follow lug properties -tarlton- Drummond street, block of land for £4,524 Essendon-Ashurst street, 21 acres land with weatherboard villa £1 450 Olty of Mel bourne-Colllnt street weat, allotment of land, £5,620 St Kilda-I itzroy stroot, land 150tt _ 190ft along Grry atrcet £4 000 Fit7roy stroot, land 118ft xlBOIt along JackBon street £2,180 South \ arro Putit road, land 65tt x 160ft, £276 , Great Davis street, allotments 150ft x 118ft ,£050 Kow-Bulloon rood I ml 30ft x 132ft, with buildings, £700 St Kilda-Fitzroy street, ollotmellt land 49ft Olu X 190ft, £1100 Colllngwood-Northumborland street, land 2Sft x 100ft, £110 Messrs John Buchan and Co report tho following eales of real eatato -Colline,wood -Hoddlo and Stafford BtrcetB-Land, 50ft frontago by 100ft doop, £6 6B pot foot Charles Btrcot-Three roomod wooden cottage, lond, SJtt hy 72tt Oin to roadway at rear, £225 flavvthorn -Liddiard Btrcot-Land, 7o 2r 3Sp , at £350 per aero \\\ Indsor -Dandenong road-Land COfi frontago, by a depth of S50lt to a Btrcot nt roar, at £10 5a per foot Dandenong, W11 hains, and Lewisham roads, containing 14a Or 22_p East St Kilda-Dandenong road-Crown allot ment 164, containing 3a lr 25p , at £500 per aero Preston -Yan Yean nnd other roads, portion of tho Thornton eatato-1 our allotments fronting Yan Yoan rood, containing 20a lr Cp, at from £51 10s, to £75 per aero , end allotmouts fronting othor roads, containing 83a 3r, up to £10 per aero, total of sale, £4,C08 4B Gd Richmond -Survoy stroot-Four roomed wooden cottage, land 40ft x 82ft Gin , £335, Buckingham and Johnston streets-Throo woodoo cottages (old), land 87!t Oin x 120ft docp to road woy, £160, Bondigo placo-Land 80ft, 21n x 100ft 3ln, £30 Mordialloc ~ Wondon shop mid dwelling, land 130ft frontago to main road by an avorago depth of 85ft, £400 1 itzroy -Nicholson Btroot, near Newry stroot-Lind, 18ft fronttgo x 120 dcop to a roadway, por foot, £5 10s Nathaniel Btrcot-Four wooden cottagoa, throo rooms each, land Gift Olu x 73ft, £48710s Langton Btrcct-Land, 01ft Oin x 80ft to a roadway, por foot, £3 Colman Btrcot-Land, GOlt Oin x OOtt, por foot, £1 RaoBtreot- La'd, 80 x 05, at por foot, £4 17s Gd Itac-strcot-Land, 41 x 105 at per foot, £5 59 Brunswick BtrcoU-Land, 40tt Oin x 117ft to «t Geomo s Road, at per foot, £9 9a Footscray -Com merdai rood-Two roomed cottago, land, 50(t x 141ft, £170 Wolverhompton Btrcot-Cottago, land, ¡lift 8in x 07ft oin , £110 Thomson stroot-Land, 40ft x 6llt Oin , at por foot, 10a Off Nicholson Btroet Stono building and land, 36ft x 83ft., along roadway, £46 Fllrroy - Northcote rood-Land, 01ft frontago x 100ft andllOft to a roadway, £109108 MONTHLY SHIPPING AND TREIGHT REPORT McBSrs S DB Buhlt and Co roport -Tho depression reported In lasuo of our last circular has continued, and general home freighting realtors hav o completely «ollapscd, owing principally to tho extremo pilco to which holders havo forced wheat, (_Iio number of v esaols under engagement to load breadstuff's, added to wheat coming forward hut Blowly to our ports Tho clearances for London during tho past four wooka aro embraced In tho following thrco steamers and olovon soiling fbipB registering 21,771 tons, with 83 817 boloB ot « ool, 95,079 bagB of w boat and flour besides other colonial produco -Surat, s s, 1,955 , Lusitania, as, 2 475 Khcdivo, sa, 2.28, Antlopo, 1,143, Av enger, 1,300 , Arlstldea, 1 COI, Cambrian Prlnco, 1 319, Loch Shiel, 1,218, Loch Tay.l 191, MarposU 1413, Nortl ern Monarch, 1830, Shannon, 1CJ2 ; Sobraon, 2,131 ; and Veritas, 745, leaving ou-home loading berth occupied by tho following throo steamers and nine sailing vocsols, registering 10 r31 tons - BoBolta, 8 s, 2 250, Cotanlo, S.S , I,!'.«, Northum heiland,ts, 1358, Connaught Rancor, 1168; Cor pathlan, 1,444, Darra, 990, Hampshire, 1,107 rotor borough, 1 630, Rodney, 1447, lt_nhoo, 1,383 , Loch Katrlno, 1 200, and Sarah Griee, 1,071 Besides tho above, 14 Balling vessels, .cglBtetltig 0,587 tons, havo beon despatched to the Ohannel for orders with 118,189 h-gs ot wheat, and 25 vessels, registering 25 646 VOOB, aro now -udor engagement, and loading when, far similar destination, sovoralof which aro nearly laden For Antwerp, tho Jerusalem, 001, and Goori e Thompson, 1,123, havo lett with 1,846 bales ot wtel and 13,135 bags wheat «ad flour Bates for London bave dropped, and are aa follows pet sailing vessel :-Wool. 3*1- and |U. per lb tor g/easi and secured respectively ; tallow, Sla.; leather, 50*.; wheat and flour, 40a.-all per ton of SO cwt; and pro tcrved meats, 40a. per tou of 40 cubic foot ; whilst tier steamer the rates are:-Wool, l-l. and }d. per lb. for greasy and scoured reapootlvoly ; tkinr, jd. per Ib.; tallow, 60s.; leather, 70s. to 80s; »hut aud flour, 65s-all per ton of 20 cwt. For Si utli Afilra, the Glaalyu, 372, hu loft witta 7,768 baga of wheat and flour; for Madras, tba Billilli ship Serapla, 995, baslcft with 202 horses ; and the ilelanope, 1,608, la under engagement to toad for same direction with simitar cargo ; for Mauritius, the co'onlal'Owned barque Fleur do Maurice, 317, ia load- ing a carno of manures, whilst tho French barque fernlea, 320, Is fitting up for Iii e stock lo tho saino direction. Tbo diariera cfteclod durii g Uio period under rovie»-aro embrai-ed lo the following :-To load hence-British eblp City of Amoy, 994, »t 62". Od ; barquo Caroline Spooner, 60S, at 60s; both lo tie Channel for orders. British Bhlp Melar ojo, 1,608, to Madras, with horses, £1,400 lump Bum, c1 arterers finding all requirements for horses; British ihlp Strapls, 995, a Blmllar cargo and destination on tcims withheld. To load at Fro. maulle, Western Australia- Colonial owned barque Pelham, 310, o cjrgn of sandalnood for Hong Kong at 46s. per ton; llrltlsli barquo Mogglo Dixon, 474, a similar cargo for Shanghai at 62a. 6d.; uhllsttho colonial-owned barque Fioddeo, 337, loads a similar cargo at Albany, Western Australia, for Shanghai at 52a Od. To load hence for Mauritius-Tho colonial on ned barquo Fleur do Maurice, 317, a cargo of manures, and then returns n-ith sugar, on E rivale terms ; French barquo Bernie», 820 : enco to Mauritius »Ith horses, £500, lump sum, charterer finding oil requirements. Amort ablp Granito State, 1,034 ; loads at Nowcastlo, New South Wales, for Manila, on terms which havo not transpired. From Nowcastlo, Now South Wales, ratos oro without much alteration, as follow :-Hong Kong, 16a; Shanghai, 23s.; Manila, 17».; Java, 14s.; Singa- pore, 15s.; Yokohama, 18a.; Mauritius, 22s.; Colombo, 20a.: Bombay, 20a ; San Francisco, 12a. Od. Wo havo to report the salo Of the British barquo Maroon, 330, built at Bristol In 1865, then classed Al for 12 years, and restored in 1870 for 13 years, by privato cootract, on tenus withheld, said to bo £1,800. SHIPPING OF TEE FORTNIGHT. PORT OF MELBOURNE. AnntvALs AICD CLEARAKOKS BUCH OUR LAST SDHKART". IB., British ; A., American ; Aa, Austrian ; Da., Danish; I)., Dutch; F., French; Cb., Chilian; P.. Portuguese ; Pr., Peruvian : I., Italian ; N., Nor noglau ; a., German : S., Sncdtsh; Sp., Spanish: Berg., Belgian; Bo., Bolivian; R., Russian; ah., Bliip; bq.,barquo; br., brig; rjch., schooner;e-s,, steamer.] Jan. ARRIVED. 81\. Star of Peace, B. bq., 1,111, J. Webster, Port Gamblo, Pugot Sound, arico, Sumnor, and Co. SI. Undine, G. eli., 700, J. F. List, Gluuccster. Horny Berry and Co. 31\. Wodonga, B. bq., 281, J. Dalzlol. Pott Louis, Mauritius. Fanning, Nankivell and Co. 81\. Coler. N. bq , 033, W. F. Kluckcr, Gofio. Phipps Turnbull anu Co. £1. Aatero, B. bq., 601, J. Staplodon, Fort Louis, Mauritius. F. W. Prell and Co. Fob. 1\. Ferda, S. bq, S. Chrlatlansen, Now York. Lorimer, Rome, and Co. 3\. Suva, s.a., 293, J. QaraOD, Fiji. Jas. M'Ewan and Co. 8\. Flodden, B. bq,, 837, J. V. De Gruchy, Zebu. 8. Do Deer and Co. 0\. Rosetta, B.M.8.S., 3,457, A. E. Barlow, Gallo, &c.; G. Wlthera. 7\. Onyx, B. bq., 402, JoBoph Salmon, Port Louis, Mauritius. W, Crosby and Co. 7\. AnnaPrccht, G. bq., 428, J. W. MulIcr,SundswalI. John Blyth and Co. 8\. Aucrloy, B s.a, 1,913, F. Q. Strachan, London. James Servlco and Co. 10 Argus, B. eh , 1,543, GoorgoCook, Calcutta. James lient} and Co. 11\. Agnes Wilson, B.sch.,349, H.Guy, Burrard Inlet. Phipps Turnbull and Co. Jan. CLIA11RD OUT. 31\. Glaslyn, B.bq, 872, J. TUrkpatrick, Guam. O. A. VÏ ilms, ageuts. 81\. Karlsbad, B bq , 896, Alexander Stephen, Guam. S. do Beer aud Co 31\. Bonden, 8. toll, 299, J. Nlleaon, Guam. S do Boor and Co. 31, FxprcfS, S bq , 609, P. A. Hoclstcdt, Guam John Darling and bon. 31\. Stavauger, 8. bq , 939, G. W. Jansaon, Elephant l'oint, Rangoon Uiver. Geo. Arnold and Co. Feb. 1\. Khedlvo, lill S., 2,123, 8. S, Tomlin, Gallo, &c.; Geo Withers. 1\. Loch Shiel, B. eb , 1,218, F. Cavell, London. Alford and Co. 1\. Amour, B. au., 1,296, G. Williams, Falmouth. O. A. Vi Ilma. 1\. Goldcu Fleece B. sh., 1,257, James Guthrie, Cork. J. U. White and Co. 3\. Johannes Rod, 8. bq., 444, U. Gjcrteln, Ouana. John Darling and Sou. 3\. Veritas, B. bq., 748, P. Johnson, London. H. It. Reid and Co. 3\. Alistldcs, B. 8b., 1,661, R. Kembali, London. Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. 4\. Caroline Spooner, B. bq , 663, D. Hughes, anani via Goeloug. 8. do Beer and Co. Sobraon, B. sh , 2,131, J. A. Elmslie, London via Cape Town. W. Crosbie and Co. t. Shannon, B. Bli., 1,292, H. P. Bprlggens, London. J. H. Wblto aud Co. 4\. Georco Thompson, 1,123, J. S, Mill, Antwerp. Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. t¡ 0\. Svia, 8. bq., 603, O. O. Krook, Guam, O. A. Wllms. 8\. Loch Tay, B. sh , 1,191, Wm. H. Bennett, London. John Sanderson and Co. 8\. KaU Davenport, B.sb., 1,249, E. B. Mallett, Hong Kong. Lorimer, Romo, and Co. 8\. Glengarry, B bq., 606, O. Bornler, Guam. Phipps Turnbull and Co. 10\. Sliii.6, G, bq.,347, G D.Olaussen, Apia. J, Kton beltncr and Go. 10\. Ugglan, S. sh., 905, J. A. Klnnarman, Guam. J. Darling and Son. 10\. Scrnpls, B. (li., 095, J. Gray, Madras. J. Honty and Co. PORT OP OEELONa. Feb. CLSABKD OUT. 1\. Helene, B. bq., 703, - Duiiker, Guam. 1\. William nales, A. sh., 868, - Dickie, Guam. I. Ablel Abbott, A. edi., 590, - Chase, Guam. i, Alexander, B. bq , 692, G. A. Cavlnlus, Cork. J. H. Wblto and Co. 4\. Lindsay, B. 8b , 059, S. A. Bull, Guam. SHIPS CLEARED OUT WITH COLONIAL PRODUCE. POM OF MELBOURNE. JAN. 31. Express, for Guam.-7,1!3 bgs wheat. Bonden, for Guam.-8,800 bgs wheat. Farlahal!, for Guam.-6,600 bgs »beat, Glaslyn, for Guam.-1,957 uga whoat, 6,801 bga flour. FEB. I. i R.M.S.P. Khedlvo, for Point do Galla-1,219 bia wool, 104 bis leather, 12 bia sklna, 1 cs rugs, 165 bga peaa, 87 bga pollard, 6,292 bga flour, 500 bga wheat, IS pkga apparel and effects, 7 C8 wine, 1 coso woodwork, OOpkgs merchandise, 8 cs biscuits,'3 cs provisions, 10 cs cakes, 60 cs butter, 12 bgs bran, 81 his hay, 78 bia chaff, 46 ogs barley, and 32 bxa treasure (valuo £181,227). Golden Fleece, for Cork.-10 018 bgs wheat. Aruoor, for Falmouth.-U,978 bga wheat. Loch Shiel, for London.-141 bloika autlmonv rcgulus, 21 bga antimony ore, 1,952 bia wool, 11,037 bgB wheat. FED 3. Aristide», for London.-6,689 bia wool, 241 bia skins, 4,000 bga flour, 60 ea colonial wlno, 28 pkga brandy, 247 blks antimony, 4,600 bga whoat, 10 ula basils, 71 bis scrolls, 6 pkga morchandlao, &o.; Johannes Rod, for Guam.-5,440 bgs wheat. Veritas, for London -6 954 bgs » heat, 220 bia wool, 1,000 liga flour, 165 pkgs tallow, 0 tonB shank bones, 831 eke oil, 78 bl« leather, 19 his skins, 35 bia bair, 1 bia woolplcccs, 47 bia raga, 2 pkga whisky. Fan. 4. Oeorgo Thompson, for Antworp -1,601 bli wool, 127 pkgs tallow, 0,400 bgs whoat. I Carollno Spoonor, for Guam via Goolong.-700 bga wheat. Sobraon, for London via CapeTown. — 3,000 cs pre- served meats, 1 CB fur goods, 099 cake tallow, 110 bia leathor, 1,260 bgs flour, 1.017 bales wool, 120 bgs oats, 22 bgs canary seed, 9,073 bga wheat, 00 bia paper shavings. Shannon, for London-3,170 bia wool, 81 pkgs wine, 151 Bka peaa, 150 bia leathor, 092 pkgs tallow, a auantity of Bhank-bonca, 1,824 bgs wheat, 1,820 Ilga our, 78 pkgs morchandlao |i FED. 0. Svca, (or Guam.-7,721 bgs whoat. Fun. 8. Loch Tay, for London-20,000 horns, 16 tons bones, 4,221 bis wool, 078 pkte- tallow, 28 bia basils, 174 bia Blilns, 217 Ingots crudo antimony, 723 Ingots spelter, 10 ckB antimony, 4 pkgs merchandise. FEU. 10. Sltebfj (or Apia,-10 cs jams, 25 cs soap, 10 cks meat. Ugglan, for Guam.-10,274 bga wheat. Sotapls, for Madras -m bgs oats, 2,000 buihels bran, 136 bga grain, so tone chai!, 10 tons hay, 40 bga linseed, 202 horses. PORT OF GEELONG. FBB. 1. Holone, for Guam.-8,762 bgs whoat. William Hales, for Guam.-9,867 bga whoat. Ablel Abbott, for Ouam.-0,306 bga wheat. FRO. 4. Alexander, for Cork.-8.018 bga whoat. Lindsay, for Guam -0,040 bga wheat. PASSENGERS BY AND SINCE THE DE- PARTURE OF THE LAST MAIL. Fun. 1. Khedive, R.M.S S , forj Gallo, &c.; Passengers. Cabin :-For Polut do Gallo-Mr. J. Murdoch. For Bombni-Mrs. PoarBon, Messrs. A. N. Toar eon and notlvo servant, John Gregg, aud E Bray. For Calcutta-Mr. li. Carruthers. For Suez-Mr. and Mrs. Jones. For Brlndlsl-Mr. and Mrs. H. Brooks, end maid sorvant. For Vcnico-Uov. anil Mr?. Adam, Lletitonaiit-Colonol Poarco, aladamo Antoluotto Link, Messrs. Spring and Thompson. For London-Mrs. and Miss Kinnlmont, Mr. nnd Mrs. O J. Rowo, Mrs. Fitrserald, Messrs. G. W. Porter, S. Watson, R. Potty, and W. Borbagc. Loch Shiel, for London. Passongcra-saloon : Mr. Alex. Ooodvvin and Mr. O. B. Robertson. FEB. 4. Sobraon, for London, via Cape Town. Passen- gers — saloon: Tdr. and Mrs. Arthur Will», Mr. and Mrs. Sliolloy, Mr and Mrs. David Buckan, Mr. and Mrs. 8. It. Richardson and Mastor Richard- son, Mr. «ud MrB. Slovens, Mr. and Mrs. North- cott, Mrs. Jano Forstor, Mrs. Mason, Mrs. F. R. Miora, Mra. Stillwell, Miss Mary Fleetwood, Mlaa Clara Footer, MlBoMunroo, Miss Beech, MIBS SmitborB, Messrs W. J. Homan, D. G Webb, F. Robertson, J. D. Maclean, O. Pcarco, Eaton Cummins, J. G. Bar- tholomew, R. Welch, F. Rothwell, Alex. Law, W. H. Douglas, D. M'Kay, MItcboll, W. A. Stepbonaon, Ash. Neely, Tebb, Sturt, H. 8. Smith, Galloway, W. Kirrest, Armitage, M. RbodOB, Doull, Skinnor, Martin, Picken, Grcsaol, Rov. Mr. Burton, Rov. J. G. Evans, Dr. Allnutt ; and 25 ia tbo second class. Shannon, for London. Passengers-saloon : Rev. 'Arthur and Mrs. Cass, MrB. and Miss Thorne -ville. Urs. Jane Jackson, Miso Munn, and Mlaa Howard, Dr. Jackson, Mesara O. L. Holt, A. L. Coulson, S. E. Quick, G. Cartor, J. Iiokup, P. 8. Hanycr, OhillcQt, and Howard. , FBB 8. Loch Tay, for London. Paeaongors-cobla : Messrs. A. U'lvar and A. Tonnent. 