LARRIKINISM. No. 1. So rampant is larrikinism at present, that it takes rank as a question of most serious import to the whole colony. It has been a growing evil for many years, a poisonous weed in our social garden that ought to have been rooted out long ago, but which has clung to the soil with a tenacity that has defied all the means hitherto employed for its eradication. And now it has its ramifications in every part of the city and suburbs, and in several of the up-country towns it lifts its ugly hydra- head. It may be safely said that not a day passes but ladies are insulted in the streets by the loud language of foul-mouthed ruffians, and that scarcely a night passes without an outbreak of rowdyism or the per- petration of some blackguardly outrage. Not content to stop at vile language and disorderly conduct amongst themselves, the scoundrels in question glory in openly insulting the citizens, assaulting and robbing men whom they can overpower by the sheer weight of numbers, outraging defenceless women, and in committing mur- derous assaults on the guardians of the peace. The generality of them are always ready to use their fists and their feet, most are de- lighted when they have an opportunity of taking part with a mob in stoning the police, and the more dangerous characters arm themselves with " sling-shot " - a piece of road metal tied in a handkerchief for a hand-to-hand fight, and also make free use of the knife. The testimony borne to these facts by the records of the police courts is only too voluminous. The ruffianism we have in the community is indeed a disgrace to the colony, and for that reason, as well as for the protection of innocent and respect- able persons, it ought to be stamped out at once with an iron hand. But the ques- tion, has also another aspect. Larrikinism is having a fearfully demoralising effect on the rising generation. Those who are entitled to speak with certainty on the subject state that it is tainting and leavening the children of nearly every grade of society. One mem- ber of, the police force who has made the question almost his life's study esti- mates that the youths in Melbourne and suburbs who may be fairly classed as larrikins number over 5,000 ! And judging from the numbers seen in the streets of a night he cannot be far out in his calculation. It is therefore obvious that the question is of vast importance to the country, not only in relation to our credit as a law-abiding people, but also in connexion with the social well- being of the community. No doubt many difficulties and prejudices will have to be overcome before we can cope with the evil, but the matter is now urgent, and it is the bounden duty of the authorities and of Parliament to set their minds at once to the task, for the public cannot afford to have it trifled with any longer. It is there- fore satisfactory to see that the magistrates and justices have at last stirred in the matter, and are about to make an effort to grapple with the difficulty. In order to properly understand the ques- tion, it will be necessary in the first place to inquire what larrikinism is, and to glance at its history. As to how the term "larrikin" originated, many explanations are offered. One authority affirms that it is a corruption of the word " leprauchaun" - the name of an Irish fairy of a very slippery character - and states that it was first applied here by a con- stable to a young scamp, a lad who had escaped from the Nelson when she was used as a training-ship, and who was committing a breach of the peace in Bourke-street. The onlookers, chiefly cabmen on a neighbouring rank, it is said, were highly amused at the term, and at once adopted it for rowdies, but in the corrupted form of "lerichann." Others testify that the word was originated by Sergeant Dalton in the Melbourne Police Court. When asked what certain offenders at the bar had been doing, he replied, " Shure, your worships, they were just larriking in the street," meaning that they had been " larking " or " frolick- ing " in some objectionable manner. There are still others, however, who maintain that it was in use long before Dalton became re- markable for his quaint sayings in the witness-box, and that " larrikin " is simply a corruption of the well- known slang term " leary kid." In support of this theory there is the fact that amongst our criminal population it is not, and never was, pronounced " larrikin," but always " learykin." This much, how- ever, is certain, that it is purely a colonial and a Victorian term, and has been for a long time in common use for describing youths who in San Francisco are called " Hoodlums," and in Sydney "Forties ;" and as its meaning is well understood, its origin is of little consequence. Larrikinism may be described in general terms as a band- ing together of idle and disorderly youths for the purpose of effecting mischief, a sort of street brigandage, a high-handed defiance of the law, a wild and misdirected exuberance of animal spirits, a revelling in pure devil- ment - a stepping-stone on the threshold of crime. It may be " rowdyism," or " bully ism," or "ruffianism,"* or "vandalism,'' and it may be all these "isms" combined. Originally it was only the small badly conducted boys, who were called larrikins, but the term has gradually ex- tended to all youths who were guilty of acts of rowdyism, and of injuring persons or property, so that now the fraternity includes boys and young men of all ages. There is a disorderly and lawless element in every community, and whether it is kept in check or allowed scope to develop depends upon a variety of circumstances. In this colony the circumstances have been, un- fortunately, entirely favourable to its rise and progress, and hence it is that larrikinism is so peculiar a phenomenon to Victorian life. What these circumstances have been and are will call for some remarks anon, so it will be sufficient to observe here that in this country larrikinism has had congenial soil in which to unfold itself. It is about 15 years ago since it first came into prominence in Melbourne. The evil had, of course, made its appearance before then, and indeed might be traced back to the early days when colo- nists were rolling in wealth, and when children, being rare, were too much indulged, and became precocious in bad habits almost before they reached their teens. But it was not until the time alluded to that rowdyism in Melbourne assumed serious proportions. The young men being in comparatively easy circumstances - being in large numbers in- dulged and neglected by their parents, having in consequence taken advantage of the un- wise leniency thus shown to free themselves of parental control, and being able in this land of plenty to earn as much in a day or two as kept them a week, fell into habits of idleness, and spent a great part of their time lounging about street-corners, and in even more objectionable places. From idleness to mischief is but one step, and the natural results were collisions with the police. They then soon recognised the truth of the adage that "Union is strength," and so the next thing they did was to organise. Bands of young blackguards and ruffians were formed in various quarters of the city, each having its appointed leader and treasurer. There were the Little Lons- dale-street mob, the King-street mob, the Little Bourke- street mob, and so forth. They preyed on the citizens and had always a standing feud with the police. They frequently fell into the hands of justice, but then as now they were but lightly dealt with, and as fines were generally imposed, their punishment was nil, for their treasurer had invariably a sufficient amount of sub- scriptions collected from the fraternity to pay the penalties inflicted. Then as now there was a great deal of bravado and blustering amongst the street roughs. Most of them were the sons of respectable and hardworking parents, and ought to have become valuable citizens, but they preferred idleness and lar- rikinism to industry and sober living, and lived but for the spurious fame which acts of devilment brought them amongst the youths of their own kidney. And what has been their career and the goal they have reached ? Here are some particulars as to what became of two of their ringleaders : T— M— was, at the time under notice, one of the most notorious of Melbourne larrikins. He was for years the terror of the police, and it was a point of honour with him not to go to the watchhouse with less than three con- stables as an escort, and even then he was only taken after a desperate fight. Well, he ran his career of rowdyism and dissipation until his naturally strong constitution gave way, and when last seen in Melbourne some four or five years ago, he was but the ghost of his former self-old before his time, bald-headed, scarred and marred, a creature of the lowest order, and a terrible example to others of his class. R— C—, another very troublesome larrikin of those times, rapidly ripened into one of the most dangerous crimi- nals in the city. His first esca- pade was assaulting, in company with others, an unoffending citizen in Smith street, Collingwood, and when the police appeared on the scene, he led his gang on to assault them with stones. He suc- ceeded so well in this assault that two of the constables were maimed, and he evaded cap- ture for several days. When arrested he was taken before Mr. John Pascoe Fawkner, J.P., at the Collingwood Police Court, but only got three months imprisonment. So far from this sentence having any good effect, he he came out of gaol a more confirmed rowdy than before, and was soon the leader of the worst gang that in- fested the city itself. To work was now beneath his dignity, so when he required money or food he took to stealing, and was convicted several times of larceny and assault. Plunging then into the vortex of crime, he, with two mates, garrotted and robbed a bushman in Bourke-street. A de- tective who chanced to be in the neighbour- hood captured R. C. and one of his com- panions. Both prisoners were committed for trial, and there was every prospect of them getting a lengthy term of imprisonment, but before the day of the trial their victim dis- appeared, and, although they were remanded for a month, they were eventually discharged. B. C's next effort put the finishing touch to his career as a criminal. When out one night in 1869 with two companions, he fell in with a Government official, who knew them all well, and treated them freely to drink. When paying for the drinks the official referred to exhibited a consider- able sum of money, and a gold watch and chain. They then decoyed him up a right-of way and robbed him, but were arrested, con- victed, and sentenced to eight years' impri- sonment each, with hard labour. During the time C. was in gaol, he misconducted him- self so frequently that he received sundry additions to his sentence in the shape of solitary confinement and additional imprisonment, and eventually came out of gaol old in appearance, broken in health and spirits, but determined to gain an honest living in the future. One of his mates died in gaol ; the other regained his freedom in due course, but was never any good, and has been sent back to gaol as a vagrant. These may be accepted as specimen cases, for the histories of all larrikins are very much alike. None of the larrikins of those days now trouble the police much. Numbers of them have come to premature ends. Many have developed into habitual criminals, and are at present in Pentridge Stockade. A few are certainly working honestly for their living, but with impaired strength, and in a very humble way, and the remainder have settled down to a quiet kind of thieving in out-of-the-way places, where they are compara- tively unknown. But although the original notorious rowdies gradually disappeared and came to ignominious ends the cancer of larri- kinism continued to spread. The ranks of the fraternity increased in numbers every year, and fresh desperadoes were developed annually. Month after month shoals of youths were punished by fine or imprison- ment for insulting behaviour or assaults, were contaminated by contact with criminals in the gaol, and steadily graduated in ill doing until they became criminals themselves, until now we have an army of larrikins so large in its numbers as to occasion the deepest anxiety to every well-wisher of the country, and it includes a class of youths who are more debased and vicious than any of their predecessors. For the sake of comparison and illustration let us inquire into the characters of a few of the leading larrikins of the present day. There is one named - -, 23 years of age, and known to the police for eight years. His father is a hard-working man residing in one of the northern suburbs, and he has several sisters who are respectable and industrious girls. He is the leader of a gang of larrikins whose headquarters are near his father's re- sidence, and he has led more young fellows astray than any other criminal known. A few years ago he was frequently in gaol, but he has since become cautious, and monkey- like uses others as catspaws to pull the chestnuts out of the fire. Many live on the shame of fallen women and girls, and maltreat these wretched beings if they refuse to give them money. Specimens of roughs of this utterly debased sort could be men- tioned by the score. Numbers of them are frequently before the court for assault, lar- ceny, and vagrancy, but they never get more than 12 months' imprisonment - a sentence that is totally inadequate, for such con- temptible hounds. In addition to this shockingly low type of larrikin there is at present a large number of desperadoes who have no respect for law or human life. There is a gang in the west of Carlton of which - - was for some time the recognised leader. This youth was a most dangerous rough, and was perpetually assaulting even the police, nntil about five years ago, when he and his gang set upon two policemen at a fete in the Friendly Society's Gardens, and he received such a mauling from a detective that ever afterwards he was afraid to lift his hand to a guardian of the peace. A year later, however, he and others brutally as saulted a saveloy man in Little Lonadales street until the unfortunate old man died in the gutter. He was convicted of this assault, but only got four years' im- prisonment instead of the fifteen years which the law allowed, and which he richly deserved. He is at large again, and a war- rant is out for his arrest on a charge of having assaulted and robbed a countryman on the 2nd inst. A chum of the offender last referred to is notorious in Richmond, and also got four years for the manslaughter of the saveloy man. Having also regained his freedom he fell into his old style of living, and was sentenced by the City Bench a few days ago to 12 months' imprisonment for vagrancy, L— D— is a city larrikin, and lives in Little Bourke-street. He has had numerous convictions for insulting behaviour, larceny, and assault, but seems incorrigible, and is now looked upon as a confirmed criminal. H— B— is one of the most dangerous of the West Melbourne larrikins. His parents are respectable, but have long lost their control over him. His favourite amusement is to get a mob of his companions together and to then invade some hotel in a quiet, out-of-the-way place, and by blustering, black- guardly conduct to frighten the landlord or landlady into supplying the crowd with liquor free. He has been frequently convicted and imprisoned for larceny and assault, but that punishment has had no reforming influence on hia character. S— K— was one of those who some two years ago was convicted of a violent assault on the King-street police, in which one of the constables was dangerously wounded, and for that offence he was only sent to gaol for 12 months. Had he got a sentence of 10 years instead, he would not now be wanted for a store robbery, j Instances could be multiplied without number to show how larrikism in its worst forms is more vicious and corrupt than ever, but it is not a nice subject to dwell upon, and the cases quoted will suffice. All that re- mains to be said on this part of the subject is that the great body of our wild but neglected youths are graduating in villany in the same way that those specifically referred to have done. They are disgracing our streets, victimising the citizens, and rapidly filling our gaols, and if this state of things is allowed to continue, we shall soon arrive at a state of society which will be far from pleasant to contemplate. 