SINGULAR TAXES. Two singular tales have just reached us from " Holy Russia." For a month past, crowds have assembled in the square in front of the Cathedral of Razan, at tracted by the report that the ghost of the late Czar had been seen to ent§r and to leive the Cathedral, with an aide-de-. camp, disappearing in the crypt of the sacred building. The news of the marvel having been sent to Gatschina, where the Russian Court la residing, the Czar gave orders that the two spectres should be arrested. This being done, it wis found that the supposed ghosts were two men skilfully dress, d up to represent the per sonages they wished to pass themselves off as being. The strangest part of the story, however, is the probability that the pretended ghosts were part of a new plot against the life of the Czar. Relying on the superstition in the character of the prrsent Czar, the conspirators reskoned on his imitating Hamlet, and resolving to question his father's ghost. While he conversed with the supposed spirit, the bolt of a trap-door was to be drawn, when the Emperor would fall into the vaults, where his assassins awaited him. The local journals have been instructed to say nothing of these discoveries. j Strauge as is this story, the other one, alluded to above, is even stranger. A short time ago the Czar granted a special audience to a merchant from Tomsk, in Siberia, who gave his name as Chromkoff, and said that he had taken the long journey from Siberia solely for the pur pose of informing the Czar of an event of the very first importance to himself and the Imperial family. Chramkoff stated to the Czar that in January, 1864, an old man died in his house in Tomsk, where he had lived for many years as a lodger. Shortly before his death, the old man', who was very pious, called him to his bedside, and said:—" I must now tell you who I am. I am the Emperor Alexander I." The dying man then poured forth a confession into the ears of his astounded landlord, telling him that the stings of conscience caused by his participation in the deihroning of the Czar Paul, drove him at last to seek rest and peace in obscuritv. He made a secret vow to resign his throne volun tarily, and to pass the rest of his life in ; penitential stillness. H$ believed, the Almichty would reveal to him. some plan j by which his purpose might be effected, and this occurred, for the first time, in 1825\. ' He h^ard that there was, in the hospital at Laganrog, a sick soldier who bore a most wonderful resemMapce to himself. The Czar hurried thither, and then and there exchanged personality with the corpse! The soldier was solemnly buried as Czar Alexander I., while the Czar himself pretended to be the soldier, providentially raised up from his sick bed and hurried off into his voluntary exile, made a long pilgrimage, and finally settled down in the quiet house at Tomsk, where he spent the rest of his life, and where he died.- The merchant gave a portrait of his deceased tenant to the Czar, who was astonished at its likeness to Czar Alex- ; ander I. Of the truth of this strange story there seems to be no means of < judging, nor does the merchant Chram- j koff, appear to have assigned any reason 1 for having kept the affair tp himself for | seventeen years. t j 