THE AUTOPHONOSTENOGRAPH. For some time past one of the Victorian Supreme Court judges has beon devoting much of his leisure to perfecting an instru- ment called the autophonostenograph, which is designed for automatic verbatim reporting by the aid of electricity. It is stated that success has crowned his persevering efforts, and that the invention will be made public as soon as the necessary preliminary steps have been taken to secure to the inventor both the honor and profit of his discovery by patent- ing it throughout the known world. When their honors the judges were called upon a few days ago to finally decide as to the na- ture of the accommodation to be provided in the various courts of the new Law Courts now fast approaching completion, the inven- tor confided his secret to his brothers of the bench. It has been decided to adopt it in its entirety for all the new courts of justice. The autophonostenograph in outward appear- ance somewhat resembles a small harmonium, though the keys are comparatively few in number, there being one only for each per- son who may have occasion to speak, and the pressing of these connects the speakers with the instruments and causes their various ut- terances to be received by the instrument— only, however, to be sent forth again in plain type printing on long strips of paper tape. Thus, in a court of justice there would be a key each for the judge or judges, for the wit- ness box, for the jury box, for the counsel, &c.;, each key communicating with one or more receiving instruments disposed in front of the bench, witness box, jury box, &c.; If the judge is speaking, the person in charge of the instrument presses down the "judge" key, and whatever the judge says is duly re- corded on the judge paper tape. If anyone also interrupt the speaker, what he says can be also recorded by the operator putting his key down also, as each key has his own record, and the paper tapes are of different colors, so that no mistake can be made as to whose ut- terances are recorded thereon. By one of the most ingenious contrivances in the in- strument the operator in charge can print on the under side of the respective tape any re- marks he may wish to make, whilst a care- fully adjusted chronographic apparatus prints along the edge of each strip the actual time at which each word is uttered ; by this means the strips can afterwards be arranged in parallel lines and transcribed or even made up into "copy" with the aid only of paste and scissors. In the ordinary instruments the whole of the apparatus is contained within the case, but the instrument is so de- signed that the record portion can, if neces- sary, be disposed at a distance, say at the newspaper office for example, and be electri- cally connected only with the receiving por- tion ; this, however, would necessitate a num- ber of special wires, which, under ordinary circumstances, would be too expensive. This invention is a combination of Ader's modifi- cation of Professor Hughes' microphone transmitter, of the well known phonograph, whilst the general arrangement is borrowed to a great extent from Professor Hughes' "type-printing" machine. There has, how- over been a most important link sup- plied in that portion of the machine which translates the phonographic indentations into distinct movements, capable of actuating the various literal combinations which represents the different sounds of our language ; but as the patent for this colony has not yet been applied for, we are compelled to reserve the explanation of this portion of the machine to another time. It should be mentioned that the spelling of the recording portion of the machine is phonetic.—Age. A strange phenomenon was recently ob- served ot Emerson, noar Lake Winnopeg, A dark cloud formed of myriads of winged black ants passed over the place from oast to west. When it descended the ground of a largo area was covered an inch deep with insects. In tho collection plate of one of the Bel fast churches recently was found a half sovereign coined in tho reign of King: George Fifty head of horses have died at the banks of Cobham Lake. The cattlo must perish by thousands unloss rain falls spoedily. An eloctrio railway company is about to ask Parliament for powers to construct un electric railway in London. The Electrician believes the iramodiato attontion of the com pany will bo directed towards connecting Charing Cross with Waterloo station, and so bringing the South-wodtern Railway to the left bank of the Thames ? T Ajjj ks .{sjfcsflo l t.x . — . 1' on d v'ltoil fijr^sptjcial loji'sos* of -lho wbrlcs -juffrjied h'oro- 'U'jidor;fconstrtiotad:.'by .,_t)iO Go^Wji.().'ent, 1 for [{^'p^j^servatipn pf^'watljjf^nil/^XJ'g^ply to Snivelling stookjjupoiiir tlie iinjloynentionod rpiwlsS$i;5 : —Orij the road froniVWifcjinnia to 'li^^eSord— %.oJ 1. ' Pori; Sim'd' Hill ; J(No r2 , Gj®l-nroee; fNoJS,. .Warrnmurtio; j;No'. -I, gfuothhonla'ra. %0'n'ithoroaiLjffnom Bourko',-i\\- ftiarregcfc Fordj?|B|idg-v- *€®{the roivd'-from 0«l)a r tfflB o u rk«, Cr m'd'ji wVr irpjt . On tiio road fram^Tmtlara. t^I.v-mjvoo^.'Box Tree Tank. Aiva&u-of; 200VurosVaid vout . arouml ouch I t;ink,-!\vTU'-bo comprised inutile , lease.- The torm'ofv loase will .bo ;f-lr .one year., ^Tenders stating the rent'offrtred will.be recoivVd ' until noon of Monday, .£he!20th 'March, V 1882, at tho Officeof Occupation of. Lnnds, Depart ment^'' Mines. A European War Imminent. — Much comment has been excited by a remarkable speech delivered by General Skobeloff (the hero of Plevna), who has recently beon granted prolonged leave of absence from his command in Poland. General Skobeloff took occasion to deliver an harangue to soveral Servian students who aro pursuing | their studios here, and in doing so he spoke iu terms of markod hostility to the German nation, declaring it to be his firm conviction thnt. war botween Russia and Germany at an early dato had become inevitable ? Tho diatribo delivered by General Skobeloff' against Germany in his address to tho Servian students is attracting great attention tliroughont Europe. In Berlin and Vienna oapecially a groat sensation has been caused by the language employed oil the occasion. The press in both cities publish articles expressing the greatest indignation at the attitude assumed by General Skobeloff towards tho German Government and people. Tins Channel Tunnkl. — Tho controversy that has taken placo in England as to whether the construction of a tunnel under tho Channel from Dover to Calais is likely to endanger the safety of England has attracted a good deal of notice iu France. The French press ridicules tho alarm ox pressed by Sir Garnet Wolseley and other military authorities, and considers that any fears on this ground are perfectly needless. Sporting item: Wasn't Adam the first man to sell the l-ace. The Bourke gaol is at the present moment terribly overcrowded . There are now in it thirty-six pi-isoners who are either committed for trial or are undergoing sen tences. The Wesleyan Conference has resolved to procure a dozen addi tional ministers from England for service in JNew boutli Wales. Price of Land in Wilcannia.— We believe the highest price ever given for land in Wilcannia has been paid by Mr Walterus Brown to Mr H. C. Armstrong, namely £100 per foot. The ground in question is that on which the Wil- cannia Times office is situated.— Times. A club has been established in St. Petersburg the members of which bind themselves, under penalty ot heavy fines, to wear only clothes made of Russian cloth, to employ only Russian workmen, to dine at Russian restaurants, and to abstain from everything coming from foreign sources . On Saturday lastfive black swans were seen flying over Yass towards the Murrumbidgee, and this is at tributed to the drying up of lakes and waterlioles in the interior. Several old residents say the visit of the birds is a sure sign of more dry weather. A Singular instance of equine sagacity was (says the Forbes Times ) observed in a yard next to this office the other day. A horse, allowed to run about, went to a large iron water-tank, turned the tap with his mouth, aud then held its head sideways under the stream and took a good drink. His owner informs us that he opens the latch of his stable-door regularly when he wants to come in tor feed. A country girl, coming for a morning walk, was told she looked | as fresh as a daisy kissed by the dew. To which she innocently re plied : ' You've got my right name — Daisy; but his isn't Dew.' An old main who had been badly hurt in a railway collision, being ad vised to sue- 'the company for damages, said, ' Wal, no, not for damages — Pve had enough of them; but Pll just sue 'em .for repairs.' We (Ballarat Star) were recently shown a letter received by a well known citizen from his son, who is employed on a station on the Lower Darling. The epistle contains one or two important items regarding the weather in the district named, audit appears that droughtwas being experienced to an alarming extent. The country was completely parched and both man and beast were suffer ing greatly from the extreme heat of the atmosphere. For weeks past the thermometer has daily regis tered 118deg. in the shade. Hot weather is not the only grievance sheep and cattle , breeders have to contend against, as there is growing on the banks of the river a kind of plant, known as the Darling pea, which is most injurious to horses and other animals. It seems that, the pea has an intoxicating effect, : for it is no uncommon thin^ to ; see i horses that are in the hiiibit/ -jf de-'; devouri.u^i'^friskiivsj about in the 1 busli in«ahV? indescribable manner, and in many instances they have been observed ' ; endeavouring to climb up'.; trees. After a horse has taken one ' or two feeds of this peculiar plant he is, the writer of the letter states, not. ever again much good for har'd. work. The pea-, does not afFect sheep and cattle tojsuch an injurious extent as the horses,: though it does not agree with' them. To show what large tracts of country are held by squat ters in the darling district, we may mention that the station from which the letter referred to was dated is half a million of acres in extent, and has 40 miles of river frontage. There are two homesteads on the station, but they are 60 miles apart, and with a pair of horses and light buggy it takes nine hours to travel from one house to the other. There is never any grass on this extensive run, the only herbage being salt bush, upon which the sheep fatten amazingly. On the arrival of the Scotch ex press at Darlington at half-past two on the morning of the 5th .1 una, two boys named John and William Hamilton, aged respectively 10 and 14, were found hanging on a brake beneath one of the carriages. They had travelled in that manner from Edinburgh, a distance of some 160 miles, and stated that it had been their intention to go to London. It was the Cat. — A woman last Monday was charged at the Redfern Police Conrt with cruelty to an animal — to wit, a cat— by breaking its back with a prop. It appears there had been some quarrel be tween defendant and one of her neighbours, and in a fit of spite or passion the former took up a prop and 'went' for the unlucky cat whose back was broken and \yhich lingered for 39 hours ere it gave up the ghost. The matter came to the ears of Mr Inspector Webber, of the Prevention of: Cruelty to Animals Society and he appeared to prosecute. The case was con sidered a very hard one. Defen dant was ordered to pay 60s and costs, or go to prison for . three months with hard abour. — Evening- News. : A well-known model, on the continent, ' Father Joshua,' whose magnificent white beard, long and snowy hair, have kept him in great demand for pictures of magi, pro phets, and even of the Eternal, by which he averages an income o'f some 15 frances per day, recently brought a suit against a younger rival model, who, jealous of Father Joshua's superior good fortune, due to his superior locks and beard, after knocking him down, and plant ing a knee on his breast, drew] a pair of scissors from his pocket, and ruthlessly cut off his 'snowy mane and beard, thereby depriving him of his superiority and his bread. Father Joshua declared that it had taken him 20 years to grow his beard, and claimed as damages 20 years' income at 15fr. a day, or 110,000fr. The Court, amidst great laughter of all present, re duced the punishment of the pitiless destroyer to a fortnight's imprison ment and a fine of 200fs., with which sum the Judge advised the unlucky model to buy himself a supply of some of the vaunted hair cosmetics which profess to bring out a crop of hirsute glories on a billiard-ball. 