wrfmTSI THEODORA VAIL, ? 9 A STORY IN SIX OHAPTEBS. ; 'By Janet Carroll, (Concluded. ) CHAPTER IV. : ! LODGINGS. ? CaeeotjlIiT counting the cost of every stop, and weighing and- balancing tho, expenditure and probable gain or loss of every, venture, mere new experiences to ,1'heodora Tail, but ? Bhe shrank frem \ nothing,, when proparing for her self imposed battle with tho world; indeed Bhe Bpemed to t court sordidneas, and devoted many a spare ten minutes to mean and She had come from Mainhurst to Mel bourne, , and taken up her residence in quiet suburban lodgings— a little cottage crammed in tightly between two pompouB looking red hrick structures^ and wearing on its every post and pafing, door and ?window, the garnish and vivid oheap ?oolouting that city homes delight in ; but tho, geraniums arranged bo neatly in the fcmr-yord- aquare front garden in which two nude and attenuated poplars kept Gentry, erect and martial-looking, in either corner, the musk-scented clean window ourtuins and. pretty creeper of pale passion flower interlacing the frame of wood-work at the sunny end of the verandah, where a cage full of tiny twittering canaries ewuhg in its green shade, all made Theodora .declare in its favour ; then too, it had only ,. one other boarder, bo the advertisement said — and that was a recoin ? mendation to her.- . . . The air of homelinesB that marked the ?-?'? outside o£ the house pervaded, its whole interior, arid Theodora felt glad to rest her f journey-tired limbs on the little white draped bed in, the centre of her room. Everything was unpretending and inex ? jjensive, withal so noat and luxurious that ?V .she felt ; quite pleased with her selection :?;..: of ahome- - , ? ?? ? : In the parlour was a sweetly-tuned Bord piano, at which she found herself seated ' and playing in the evening after her rPBt. She had never played sinco the beginning . nf Viflr imnlo'a illness ah . frnrrn,.- tinA ? it augured woll that- sho could do. this now on the firBt day o£ her arrival in her new home. But one piece touched her. and revived the ? old . feeling-— it had always stirred her in the old days, had always given birth to the restlessness which had been her greatest trouble. . 'I should not have played that,' she jaaid with a tearful smile. She would not let the weakness come, Tmt hurriedly broke into a lively: valso. Before mauy bars weio plajeu a heavy 'Shadow before I be window, made tho grey evevsiaf! shades in tha iioom grow aud aenly'deoBBr, and Theodora turned her. head ?with the leelin/j that someone was standing 4he«e. . .' . ?.;?.-? 'I bog your pardon, but will sou play that delightlnl morceaM over agnin ?.'' \- Shedid not leal afraidor apprised. She t did not ask harself who it was, but, feeling the subtle seourity of the friendship and Unship of a nature So sympathetic that it required to her that, her favourite over again flhe played. A sweet dreamy opening sug gestive to the liatenor of a balmy evening between the lights, when tho birds are silent And .only the soft breeze TiusSlins among tho llowora with the tiokie anu bubble of n distant streamlet -to be heard at times be tween the tuodom twittoia of a sleepy nest ling— Baiter and fsweoler it grew till the deliriously restfal feeling creeping over the 1 seneeB iu auddonly pained and alarmed by the mournful oadenoes and dirRe-iike sad ness that succeeded. A weirdneas of eound, as though it' were the subdued breathing of n , ?doomed eoal, Beamed to fill the little shaded loom, sod the bleak-robed girl with the faint light from the window falling on her white ?laoe and illumined eyas, wove with delt fingers every imaginary detail of the respeo tive pioluron— oului, happy eroping, and blaok, gloomy night. It was xealiatia sound jainting. ,: ? ? . ?? . There was silence of a few momenta alter tho lait note, and Theodora, hor tired hands fallen to her Up, was only remsmbering that tbwo was someone in tbe room who had asked her to. play, when the man, advancing Irom the shadow, struok amatoh aud ftppliod it' to. the gaealier. ? Standing under, its brightness they looked »t enoh othor— ''She is.a lady, an artiste, with the faoe of a aeropU, «nd the touch of a Mozart,' ho thought. And Bhe, loosing at mo tan, spare form and refined old iaoo, said to herself : 'What » Dioo, clever old gentleman! A foreigner, and fond . o( muaio. Mta, Kandal' s other fcoirdor, lepppoBo.'.; . . .' ...??.,-v. By what' epeoiea of mental arithmetic {tople can thus earn eaob/otherup iB as sot unknown to the eduoatsd world— it iB not laaon or logio, it is simply intuition. The -.avuintanooBbip began under snoh peonliai ''' -aatangeBOl time andoopwios bflOKW oho of the' neoeoeuiry nooompat)imonta of Theodora's after-life. Mr. Bogtln w»b, ho would himself, any, a oitizon of the world; he had lived every where, but had no iiartioular nationality, liavicg boon born of Bnglloh father and Polish mother in Prnuoo. With him, if he bad any loaning, Franoo was la palric. Clever, oduaated and a thorough B -humian in taste and habits, he had been all ovor tho beaten tracks in the old world, nnd Bpent many years both in the' United States and South , America. While youth and wealth lasted, it was very enjoyable, be told her one u»y — ?? uat dow in my oia age nero am i( poor and friendless, living in tbis way, and employed liho every oixtBen-year-old j»ok anupes in oonnting up fignron. What maUor (or mo, I have seen all, I am old! But yon, dear Miss Vail, with your attain ments, and that swoot'singing bird in your throat, and— shall I moke you vain P tbat faoo liko an aDgel's ; you must make no mistake wilh your life. Tell mo why you are here.'. ' Bocauso I am poor and friendlesa,' she answered. 'Not friendless now. I too havo no friends, not one in the world ; then let ub bo friends to each other, wo will help each other. You have the gift of song, I have the appreciation of it, and tho knowledge of its patrons, and purchasers, and I also havo tbe ventnreeomencss to bring your music to their countors.' 'Mr. Kostin you are going to be the protector and friend I want 1 I had mado up my mind to do as you say, to turn my voice to account, but I did not know how to begin— what to do. Snrely it was fate that Bent me here.' ' Tou say you came bore because it looked home-like and pretty — ah, my dear child, it had not thoso recommendations when I came, it had no attractions to oHor me; but its cheapness and quiet. A few geraniumB and plants, tbe canaries, and a little advico to Mrs. Bandal anent the window draperies etc, did the rest ; bo I was tho fate that brought you here young lady.' Theodora looked round tho little parlour with its bright fir(-, tiny glittering tea table, and cosily drawn blinds, then at the refined old face, with its thin groy hair, and bright dark eyes, and smiled. ' Tinnllv Mr 'RrtntiM it ia no Vftn*. Ima ni the beautiful eviuocd in those arrangements attracted me, but wo are balanced ior my playing, brought yon to mo.' ' Tout playing, yes, but I baS noS bearu you; sing, Miss Dark EyeB. Tou have a fortune in your voice 1' His faoa lighted up and his ntteranoo grow rapid in bis en thUBioom, sb be ooDthmoil: 'Let me tell you bow yon oan make it. Madnmo Iiornn!y; takes pnpiis, only snob as you, that want but her mngio touch to make them stars in tho musio world on their lirat appearanoo. I have filill a few acqnaintanoes in the higher circles, I will court their favonr, and, at tho uropor time, through their iuiltiouco, you will be introdoced to ths great million-mouthed Argus-eyed puhlio. It is like an insatiable monitor ever crying out for new food whish it seldom oats — only tastes nnd throws away for & newer morsel ; it is fasitidious — murderously so — but you could not pall on the taeto even of saoh a dragon as tbe oity public' A uvuuutRi o muju iidid vruii unuu^iuu jjiutr* ' I am eharpenisgmy weapons,' BheuBed to sr.y to herself as Bbe Bung in Madame IiOtoeiy's rooms or uooompnniecl horaelf on the little piano in Mrs. Randal's parlour. She would sib or walk about in her room for hours, too, with a deep wrinkle across ker white forehead, tbe dark, eager eyes search ing intently the pagoH of composition of some of the great maetor ruinds of the age — for she pouFessed the (. iftof elocution in a marked degree, and this, too, she meant to bo a eource of brcd-winnimr. Iu tho evening she would Binjr, play, or read to hor friend and Mr. Rostin, liis sensitive ear quiok to note the rapid tendency to almost perfection of sound and utterance in the girl'B Bingiup and decla mation, and wbb delighted with her pro gress. ' ' I will'not read, twill reoite it with the proper accompaniments of gesture,' she ^wouldeny; 'a book is de trop,I am not half satisfied with myself when I read.' '? Tho nnim. inanired face, with its deDth less eyes, and the graceful life-like action that almost told the poet'H tale without tho worda, aud -thesor gfaorT with, thrilling pathos in a richly modulated and musical, voice. It was a sigbt that men aud women having onoo seen would pioturo and dream of fcr years after, so Mr. Bostin told' himBelf. 'Misa Vail, your singing is heavenly, but your declamatory powers will, I think, avail you more in. the eyes pf the world. But you are too earnest, too real. See, single self represent thousands j for how ever different in degree of feeling, all take common ground in responding to poetry — and living poetry like that.' Her eyes dilated with pleasure. ' Are you sure you are not over-estimating ? roe ? Mind, the test is near ; I am to appear on tho 18th, aud I am almost penniless. Madame Lorni'ly and Mrs. Kaudal between them ho,vo taken all my money with the exception of tho cost of those drosses that you said I muet buy. Ah, Mr. Boatin, if I should fail !' 'I do not fear for you.' On tbe night of the 13th a now canta trice wan advertised to appear, and Melbourne theatre- goera Hooked eagerly to hear her. No one knew her but by repute. It was said she had a lovely face to match hsr voice, so they expeotod an eye and ear treat combined. When she came before them they -pere not disappointed — aslcnder girl, dark.eyed, and spiritudle, but nervous. Hor appearanoe juBli$ad all thufc had been said or her, but this noryousufws will tell against her, they decide. vQuiet;y and patiently they waited for the first note. With a dead-white face and terror-Btrained eyes sho looked once round the house, jthen made an almost, superhuman effort, but tho singing bird in her throat was dumb j cue over teusiuu uu u«i mchuub, o«ubiukb suture had killod it, and without one Boundrs-for she would not sing discordantly —she boned her head gravely and left the stage. . ?»'.'? ' . ^ ? No uso for the manage^ ,to rail and scold, nousefor poor chagrined Mr; goatin to coax and urge. They might Bend her Jjack before those expectant, mereilesB hundreds of faces, but oho could not sing, oho Baid. She .could not. She never sang again, for tho notes .o/! tho upper register never can^e book to her, , Theodora Vail lay for many weeks in ner littlo room at Mrs! Sana's, ill of brain fever. Thus had culminated all .her anxiety, all hor ambitious dreams, and all J^r toils. iJ.HAETBE V. A 1,'ORDBH »# JODIt. Afieb the burniug fever had left her and the- days, of returning convalescence auo aeoded, Theodora would lie and think it alt over— hor ohildhood with her youug mother, her father's grave, .Willie's going away.Bas Surra days when life in her buuh home had betm bo be&utiial; ; that drive with her unole vfheu he had asked her opinion and advlou, what sho had said and bow be oame home ailing and bopuloBB, and bow Bho bad Boon him die. They had all died, her mother, father, Willie, and nnolo ; find she acked hurBelt bitterly why she was left. Tbon the piolurtt ol that night at Bho stood beforo the sen of faces in tho iheatro with bar destiny slipping through hor trombling fingors and tbe voice mate in her throat ; it would reonr again and agnin wilh vivid distinctness, and it had a peculiarly stimulating effoot upon her. 'If I only oonld have sung, bow they would hnve obeerod and dapped, and gona home raving of me. They will do it yet,' she would flay, with the old flash of resolve in h«r oyes, ' I will got strong quickly, and Mr. Bostin must hot help mo this time, I want to fight my baltlo by rayaoU aa I oaid at Qurra I would, I must never bo weak again or let myBelf fail.' And as each day brought hor back physical strength, it did not lessen tho resolution in hor. One day, when tho sun warmod tho cottage with his eoft rays, and tho little canaries twittered merrily in their corner, Theodora closed tho littlo gate on them, aud with subdued anticipation in her eyoa,, nnd a Buspiciouo fold round hor mouth whioh meant resolution, she went by hor self to Beck what she wanted. Old Mr. EoBtin was away in his office, aud no ono elso in tho world knew or carea to Know or her errand. Tea, there was Bessie, she remembered compunctiouBly. ' If I am unsuccessful, I will advertise lor her — no I will not, sho is 80 warm hearted, poor child, ic would only grieve her. No I will be utterly friendlesa and penniless if this mission bo unsuccessful put. oh, I trust I will be spared another humiliation, I could not survive it,' Bh« whispered to herself, as she went hurriedly on her way through the crowde'd streetB, loticiog no ouo and nothing. Though beauty and grace could be found on every side, many a wondering look followed tho toll slender girl, for Theodora Vail if a living poem of beauty in hor bush loneli ness and bush surroundings lost none of it in the city; sho had a distingud air, and tho poetic beauty of her oyes and face had become, if anything more marked and refined of late. Iu the evening she walked back through the same streets and in tha same tnought rapt manner, but this time there was a happy, satisfied look in her eyos, and the 4»£id noiu luiauaaM uuu lUOiK oioa uam acb iing and were folded into thoir natural sweet but eorious oiuviug. She bad boon puooss ful iu her negotiations with tbe theatre mucagcr, and was to give her first reading in tbe oouieo of a month — ' perhaps aoonor,' ho Baid. ' I will »ry and arrange ior you ;o (?old!) on as Boon as this pieco is off the boards. Could you be ready in two woeks 7 Now she oonld tell her old friend, and how he would rejoioa with her in her hopes of fame and independence. ' For of course I will be a success,' ehe said. Mr. Bostin endorsed her words in his half foreign sanguine way. 11 Of oourse you will be a suooobs, yon would not disappoint the ogre again, why, it would tear you to pieces. Beaitations and readings are d Vordre dujottt— everybody will go to hear you, and few will recognise the little bird tbat could eing, but wouldn't sing for them. This time yon will appear under your own name yon say, I am glad it is so, and I am. all eagerness to witneeB yonr will ana independent spirit.' Bessie came one morning when Theodora was rebearuiDg. nnd waited in tho little oottsge parlour. Waited I running to tho gato to lock cmt, talking to the oanaries, iryiiig the pinna, Bach a whirl of restless expeotation sho was. ' Ob, my own Pansy, to think of yonr living in a poky htile place like this after Gurru, and jour having been ill, and, worse than all, shere is your name all over the newspapers, end Btuok up on bills; that's how we found you ont, Papa, Dave, and I. It was Buoh work ! I never could have done it, only for Dave, and he wanted tn wait and Bee you so much, but I wouldn't let him.' Seeing Theodora's blankness. ' Oh, I forgot ! I am to be married, you know, next month, or sooner, if I like, and it will be sooner now that I've found you, . Pansy. Dave has taken a house in St. Kilda, and we will all live together — it will bo glorious ! Ob, Pansy, don't smile in that way, as though you tbmk I am talking nonsense ; it looks as if you humour me in that grand, superior way you've got.' : And Theodora bad to kiss the fair, pouting face, and explain that sho under stood that it was all thorough earnestness — but wasn't Davo to be consulted ? 'Of course, I consulted him long ago, and we agreed that we would wait till we £rtiitirl -unn . fnr T lrYipw vnn would Vflpn T7onr promise, and I wouldn't be married unless you wero with me, Pansy.' 'Davo' was David Campion, a -young lawyer whom legal business with lawyer Bruce had sent on a trip from Melbourne to Mainburst. He at once succumbed to Bessie's charms, and an immediate engage ment waj entered into. Her Quixotio notions regarding her lost friend alter nately annoyed and unused Mr. Campion, but ho warmly appreciated tho sweot kind ness of her nature that, gave birth to them. Tho night came again for Theodora Vail to stand under the gaslight before the eager-eyed multitude. She bore herself with graceful courage, and her calm, en thusiastio face added so much reality to her translation that she carried every sense and 'feeling with her, evory single nerve in the hundreds of bodies before her thrilled and responded to the magnetism of her voice and power. Utter silence followed her exit, then one involuntary and simultaneous ' Bravo !' broke from every throat. She must come before them again. They thundered for her reap joatauco. one camo, noi Bmurag ana ldvuing hor hand as one of the profession alwayB responds to a recall, in the falla cious belief that thus only can she testify her appreciation of the honour ; but calmly '-'d steadily,' wjtii the same look of impassioned vehemence pt'ill ~on her faoe and shadowing her oyes, she came, all un smiling, and bent her head in stately response. Thi* was unexpected, and quiet of a moment followed; then thoy understood and pronounced it capital ! Splsndid ! Sho hud never lost her identity, smiling, benSiug, and hand-kisBiug, would havo un linfced bor fromjjor o»Bt. In her strangely pft'.hotio way sho baa thrilled and awakened their deepest feeling by ber rendering of one ol the wildcat end most trsgio pooms in onrhngtiage, and suoli a ohsnge of expres sion nnd demeanour would hnve mode the fo»lings of even the least susoeptible roooil anu xOXl DR0& su fueir uuiuuuo. ^ Naturally wn incline to.the pleasant, and ii is often a wondroua wife* to bos a gloomy tragedy queen who has Iab6nred through tha terrors and trialu of three long oqls, reappear with dimpling faoe and beaming eyas. We are glad to find that she has put all her woea somewhoro behind the saenes, at the same time, it takes the gr-mdc finale off her work, and aids a broad daph of furce, spoiling the imost realistic tragedy. She had fought her b&ttlo;, sb she had B&id; at Garra nb,e would, and oouqutjed ; -and with every new evidence of her lame, with every ireeh ovation, iho felt hcrEolf conceive newer and higher am bitions; an unsatisfied craving for fnllc-r soopo and nowor fields, took. possession of her. It was inborn in her, this hnngor for something, Bhe oonld give it no name ; she oared nothing that her name was on every tongue snd always mentioned with respect and admiration, though she felt pleased that ehe had seoured independence of livulihood'by hor talents. She had felt tbis dissatisfaction wilh herself at Gnira ; hor unolo had always amounted for it by over-stady and incongruous reading, she had heraoll thought it arose irom want oi pur pose from inaction and that ooonpation would be its ouro; yet, here it waa again. One day while -reading carelessly, these wotdn oaught her attention: 'While fame elands by ub ajl alone Bbe is an ongol bl«d in light and Blrength, but when love touohes her Bhe drops her sword and fades away gboBt-like end ashamed.' 'I wonder if it will be so with me,' Bbe said. BoBflio was married a few weeks after, tbat day of finding hor friend in Mrs. Baridal'e ooitage, and Theodora yielding to their p«r Bistetit urgingB took up her abode with Mr, and Mrs. David Otmpion in their new homo. Besaie waa bo proud of ber friend's auo oosuos and delijihtod in her new matronly honours beoause she could be of Borne sorvioe to her »s cftoporonc. Tbe young people always went wita hor when she gave a reading, and with theso vigilant guardians, and old Mr. Bostin who never failed to be at the door waiting hor arrival, few or none oonld a'pproaoh. They said of her tbat eho was proud, reserved, and hold herself too much aloof, such uncociability would be a clog on her new reputation, she woald never become a favourite. Theodora did not Iciow — sho had had few associates in her lifo at home, and now she desired fewer j though Bhe was kindly and gracious to those who had the good fortuno to come within the circle o£ her ;UH1U UL JtUUUUl! UUU I11UK.U UtH UUI^UUIUIT* anoe. ? ' . ' ... : ' Pansy likes people, or sho doesn't like them,' MrB. Campion said in her'delioi busly explicit way to her husband, when ho was receiving Mb instructions, ' bo juet introduce a few of the sort that she will like, and let Mr. Bostin pick them, he knows better than you.' One night near the end of her engage ment, Bessie could'not come as usual, for a telogram'had come from Hugh Campion, Dave's brother, who owned a small stock station in Queensland, saying he was coming to Melbourne, he would arrive that night with a friend, and as he was anxious to see his new sister-in-law, he would go straight to St. Kilda. Bessie decided tbat A-*U-WJ 1UUOU VUliUl b JLUCUUUlUj UUU OUU IVVII1U hiay at homo for this abrupt eelf-inrited' brother-in-law, who had the reputation of being the most recklees horeo-breaker, and wildest bush-rider for1 miles around his interior Queensland home. ' ' If your brother doesn't look a Goth,' and cotnee early, I'll take him and his' friend to hear Theodora, so secure our old: Beats if you can, Dave.' CHAPTEE VI. Tub house was crammed, and Thoodora looked at the packed rows of faces before her, a quiet, steady look over the houBe, up to Bessie's place. Bessie' always expected that look, and w: ittd for it j she told the gentlemen eo, and they, too, watched and waited. Dave's brother was much like him in appearance, only sunburnt and more strongly built. Mr. Ebstin was thera, and Dave sitting beside BesBiej but Theodora's glance swept over and past them, resting steadily on Hugh's Queensland friend who, at that instant was standing Btraight and tall behind Bessie. She did not mean to look at him more than at the others; it waa UoUUit HJS. 1XVL tiU juua luoirj uiu jjcooioj uuu) knowini? tbe visitors' were with hor, she naturally looked for them, too ; but, look ing, 'she saw only ono face. A dark, proud faoo'with long, drooping moustoohe; eyes largo, dark, and haughtily inquisitive met that flash from hers. Byes are not conventional, they wait for no introduction, but flash out recognitions broadcast, and acknowledge kinships with beings whose names may never be known. So,it ie said of them. ' With her usual earnestness and en thusiasm, Theodora gave her reading.. Everything was just the aame-^Bessie was before her, beaming and ' smiling ;. Mr. Bostin, with kind encouragement and fatherly interest, watched as was his wont ; all the hundreds of hungry-eyed, expectant faces were as usual; but Bbe cared nothing for them. ? That one face that looked down at her over Bessie's fair head stirred her, and she wanted to look up again. Qbedient to this unusual prompting, she did so. Once, in a quiot, thrilling pause, when a pulseleBB Bilence was through and all over the haiiBe, she swept tin upward glanoe to the dark face that watched her ike the others— still and expectant, but 'with aroused energy and interest in those proudly- drooped eyes. During the interval he listened. He knew Mrs. Campion would talk, and that Hugh would askher questions. XtiO, IIHC 1UUL UtblUU 1O J.UCUUVIU T IVl*. Theodora is too stiff and heathenish a name for me, bo I call her Pansy. Hor undo always called her bo, on account of her eyeB.' He smiled approvingly under hia long mpustaphe aB he rBmernbor.6,d the yelyety SottueBS and dark purple colouring whioh that upward glance showed, and decided that they wore the. most wonaertul eyea that he had ever seen, Pale, save for a faint tinge that oicito ment had worked into her oheoks, aud standing beside Besaie as shrinkiugly and and women had just hung breathlessly on every word, as it loft h«r lips, Maurice Sutherland met her on tho ataira in the glare of the gaslight. Dave Campion introduced them : ' My brother, a wild Queensland settlor, Pansy, come here for a taato of civilisation, and fchip is Hugh's friend, Mr, Sutherland, also from Queensland, find qu business in Melbourne.' 'They did not say muoh to oaoh, othor. ? eyes had said enough,' and Theodora knew by the indefinable sensation that took possession ' of her, mind and body, that this was the man she was to love. Bessie, always amiable and kind, made the'Tipit so agrntablo that HurIi and his frienff Btayed longer than they at first intended. Mmirioo Sutherland stayed . because ho was learning to love tins gifted, dark-eyed girl, who could. talk with him so earnestly and deeply j and, as he said to his friend, ' It'B a new thing to find a girl that can talK ; or, a ne askett for music, could play his sonaea into transport. ? ^y-'JierlmgaBaioned voice and solemn proseuooBho' could 'ho]-J' thousands BpoU bouud, yot noio, merry joke or Besaie's ever fell through for want of help f rom.Thoodora ; she' was ever ready to, enter into every amnBonient however trifling, and lend hor smiling aid in entertninirjg. Her happy TaugB'at' SripWB'rapy bu»h stbrieo'waB a tieat to PeBBie, Hngb'a ww Bdoh atorios I Hundreds of them and given with ludiorons mitatious aud npioo-DhslungB ot oomio&l; 'lang expreBBlonB. Ha was the pot ol the iiauae, and could extend his brawny loneth [-n tbo best oouobeg, and bury his sun liurned (aoo among Biibb'io's prize cushion? ? ;von wna at times found with heela on thu xwdow-Bill, Bmokiog his long pipe in th drawing-room, where Dave's daintie oinarotios had been forbidden. Mr. Bosti''t spent many evouinga with them ; when hn oame he always look poeaossloti of Theodorao Bho should poor hia tea out for him, too, The old man liked to see the slender hands, fixing the onpe and waiting on him, it reminded him of the days at Mrs. Baadal' where ebe learned bis tea peouliaritiea. Everything waa ao different with Theo dora tbat she often wondered if abo could really be the same girl of the Gtura days and tbe anxioUB student of tbat advent forerunning tha night ot woeful failure. She always .thought of.it when Mr. Eoatin came, bat he would never let ber Bpoak of it.. The last night of her appearance oame, and for this night Maurice Sutherland waited. ? - Bessie told Theodora all. Bhe. oonld glean from Dave and Hogh of him and hia life, n the orivabv of her room. Theodora, brush ing her long gold-brown hair, listened to Bessie, who aewed busily us eho talked, tongue and needle keepiag a dead beat. ' Hugh has known him four years, all the time they've been together in Queens land. Hugh thinks him. a fine fallow. He mis jiltud by a cousin at homo : ho waa to hove been murriod to tbe girl when ho was twauty-o:ie, but she married aomuone oleo, and Hugh nays ho has novor spoken a dozen times to any ono woman sinou, aud that's fifseen ye«rs ago— of oourae, I mean till now, Pansy. I gueasad there was something {like tbat in hia life ; ho wouldn't be bo olovar'aud oy.-iioal, if he hadn't hated women anil taken to studying. Don't get bo red, doar, you npedn't care about tbe oousin, that was euoh a long time ago.' . 'I'm not thinking about the cousin, Bessie, I'm thinking how lonely it will be for me, for all of us, when they go away, and that will be to-morrow.' kju, .rangy, you re not sninaiug oi pour Hugh at all, nor ot onr lonolinosB, that's all Brjum, you are thinking only of that dark Batnruine-looking king of yonrs, isn't it bo?' . .-?-,. The blushes deepened, and she brushed '? her hair the oth»r way to bidb jhom, aa she weakly answered, ' Yds.' ' 'Pansy, dear, I don't think you quite : understand the sort of man he is. Yatir ambitions would have to give way altogether to hiu dreadful prido and be .holds such fUreugo- notiona aud prejudiooa, why, dear, he ie full of faulta— ?' 'Basaie, don't. He haa none to me. The king can do no wrong 1' &s; he folded the white woollen wrBp round ber head and ahonldera as they Btood lor the laat t$me under tho gaslight 61 the etage Btaiiwsy, Mnurioe Sutherland looked down ut her sweet young face and dark upraised eyea and felt that ho could not go without telling her. -Ha stooped, his long moustaohe brnBhing the bright hair on her forehead, and whispered : ' Theadora. nnnltl von leave thin for meJ' ' I?or vou, Mnurioe, yes.' ' And, think well, darling, would you ever regret it?' The glowing face in its fleecy cowl was laid softly against hia coat- aleeve. ' No, beoauaa I love you, Maurioo.' Nestled ia hor lover's arms.aod liatoning to hia low voice and avowals of love she felt all ber reatleea longings and eager ambitions vauish into Ambient &-r, and the words Bbe had read came before bev mind in the midst ot her happy tbonghtg, fvroing themselves, aa it were, on her recognition. 'Listeri, Mannoo, 1 rontt these words weeka ngo and wonrlered i! thoy oonld be trne, now I know they are, ' While fame stands by ua all alone aha iB an angel olad in light and strength, but when love tonohea ber she drops ber aword arid fgdeB away ghost-like and ashamed. ' ' 