POLITICAL FROTB. BY AN ABSTAINER. MONDAY is again with us, and, away go the wheels of the political mill, weaving bills to worry us, measures to protect us, and nice little political sugar-plums to sweeten us withal, i With sprightly step I enter the Parlia mentary buildings, but it is with a depressed spirit that I tackle the corkscrew staircase. What fiend in human form designed that instrument of torture, that treadmill for un- offending pressmen, which an inhuman Speaker allows to exist? What reck the comfortably accommodated Ministers, Speaker, and officers of the Assembly and Council if poor devils have to toil wearily day after day and night after night up and down the stony soil? Thinking of this on Saturday last, I was tempted to ask Joseph Cook whether, after death, the ghosts of naughty newspaper men and members of Parliament would not be condemned to trotting up and down the corkscrew stairs, but, consulting the spirit of Swedenborg her told me that newspaper men were always made first rank harpists, and that in em- bers of Parliament invariably became near side powers in! cedar-getters' bullock teams. This however, is not business. Not that business is particularly livery orHnviting, but to it we must come in the ordinary course of Frothy events. His Excellency had sent down the Warrego Land Grant Railway Bill, and the Premier, looking as unconcerned as a young father at the christening of his first-born, was just moving that the matter be considered on the morrow as he discerned my august presence in the gallery. < I blandly smiled him i encouragement, and he managed to carry the formal motion without any particular ebullition of sentiment. How serious and quiet hon. members looked; they knew that there was a bombshell thrown among them the bursting of which was only a question of time. Death and destruction would be caused by that harmless looking little message from His Excellency either to one party or the other; but none seemed as though on the eve of a great struggle for existence - political existence perhaps; but still a life to which hon. members cling with all the tenacity of a-a-well, (Minister hanging on to his pay. The imperturbable gravity of Macfarlane was not disturbed; Macrossan and Pope Cooper were each his accustomed look, and the volatile Foote even displayed no particular uneasiness. What an exhibition of human fortitude ; surely the men I had begun to look upon as being a trifle excitable must have had working in them some of that old leaven which Gordon speaks of in some of his stirring lines I remember the laugh that all the while On his quiet features played ; So he rode to death, with that careless smile. In the van of the Light Brigade Surely when ordinary man draw chances for the drugged cup both must feel some tremor of excitement ; but our legislators did not show any if they felt it. This w as rather disappointing to many, but I consoled myself with the reflection He who must be slain or slay, Soon strikes with vengeful force. This little matter dealt with and some formal and slow business put through, we were brought on to the Port Dues Revision Bill in committee. And a dry time it was not even a ripple of anger, merriment, or wit to mark the progress of the various clauses. I felt much inclined to re-echo the sentiment which came from the ladies' gallery a few evenings before, when a particularly heavy lot of good solid work had been put through-" What is the use of the Assembly if the members only go on doing a dry lot of business ? What do we care about clauses, sub-clauses, and amendments?" It does seem hard that one cannot find anything to skim from an afternoon's business in the House ; it is a sign of progress somewhere. Hon. members shall have the benefit of the doubt. The Divisional Boards Bill was a trifle better ; a ray of sunshine may be found even in the reflection that the men who usually are not prominent in debate will have something to say. The only thing which was at all to be regretted was that each man couldn't have a little bill specially provided to meet his particular views. I am sure it was wanted, and Macrossan, who objected to too much of a good thing, was looked upon as a very decided edition of Killjoy by those whose aspirations were crushed. There was a warm debate on the question whether the representative of an absentee should not be allowed to be a member of a board. My many readers will understand the principle involved when I tell them it closely resembled making love by proxy-a practice which has been found in all ages to be fraught with considerable danger. Then there was an attempt made to remove the disabilities of publicans, and allow them to be members of boards. Hon. gentlemen did a little ( quiet electioneering, particularly the Premier, who has made his seat for Bundaberg perfectly safe in the event of an appeal to the country. M'Lean and Macfarlane had a little to Bay teetotaller, and the House narrowly escaped stultifying itself on a division. Ferguson also wanted badly to improve the bill, and did so ; looked happy and stood by to give the benefit of practical experience. There was a good deal said on the question of voting, Bailey in forming the House that in an election two men who were candidates sent in similar ballot papers; those of one were rejected as informal, but of the other, accepted merely because the mystic letters J.P. were attached to the candidate's name. Oh, Bailey ! Bailey I Bailey ! Oh, Vale ! Vale ! Vale ! What a condition of happy blissful innocence must overspread the respected Opposition whip. It is really too good a joke altogether; a member of Parliament, and I wot are a J.P. himself, not to know that the letters are a talisman which guide one wheresoe'er he will. What on earth would be the use of being a J.P. if there were no privileges attached to the title ? Why, it is the greatest honour on the globe after being a K.C.M.G., which George Thorn Boys is the highest-to be a justice of the peace. Apropos of the distinction and its privileges there was a man in Cooktown not long ago who got too much "Comet"" on board over- night; tried, and sentenced himself at the police court next morning to pay a fine of 5s. And yet Bailey doesn't know all the privileges of J.P ship. However, it was drawing near 11 o'clock when the statement was made and certain allowances must be made. The House rose shortly afterwards, and the hooting of the night out of the snoring of a somnolent Government member warn me that it grows late. Away from the busy scene, and may soft Cynthia, the comet, and all the small Cynthlaa keep kindly watch over the legislators until I am at them again. " Have at you all " is the refrain which flows molllfluoualy sweet from my quite as I sit down to tell of Tuesday's froth. How Uko yo the motto ? Well, I am assured for Joseph Cook's onslaughts infidels and heretics has suggested it. Of course the day is for a part devoted to the colonial lords. As soon as four o'clock has gone the President, groaning under the weight of responsibility the extra £200 a-year has imposed upon him, glides gracefully to the chair. I think the word glide is very appropriate. We never hear of a young and interesting lady, or indeed any of the sex for the matter of that running, waltzing, frisking, jumping, hopping, or even walking into a room. They invariably glide. The term suggests a graceful movement, such as that interesting production which people studiously ponder over when they wish to enter " society," " The Ballroom Guide," terms the "poetry of motion. I am sure Sir Arthur Palmer is a most graceful man at least I have heard that he is, and therefore I presume he glides. At first sight this dissertation may appear in- congruous ; but I can assure everyone who reads it that it is IbnAßde-froth. Well, we have the President in the chair anyhow, and now we may introduce Thynne, who introduces a Pharmacy Bill from the other House This is a measure destined for the relief of those elderly females of the Sairey Camp persuasion, who are supposed to invariably warble some Miltonion lines which, as my memory serves me, run, Oh, cramp and spasm, we often has 'em ; Neuralgy too and tie, And rheumatic in style, but we runs in life, And a hoop-n-dcUdo-dic. Morehead claims credit for the composition of this poetry ; but he hasn't lived at Breakfast Creek long enough to be a hard, soil shall attach them to the next greatest man, a person named Milton, who some years ago was a sort of writing fellow. The worthy M.L.O. referred to introduced the bill to relieve the poor squatters, and made a speech of a most touch- ing character. He even went so far as to say that "abuses petty malice, spite, and the desire to injure one's neighbour," existed in Christian' communities. Joseph Cook says this sort of thing is only in infidel communities, and I am sure one of the two must be in error. However, as a lamb who doubtless has been fleeced, the palm for veracity must be accorded our N.G. Gregory made a very singular statement. He said that the appraisement system of valuing runs was not only valuable to the lessee, but also to the revenue of the country. This appears somewhat contradictory. The appraisement plan must make the rentals higher or lower on the general run of stations than at present ; if lower the State suffers; if higher the lessee The sitting Occupied thirty five minutes, and considering the heavy labour imposed during it, the P.M.G. said that on the following day he would move for a six days' adjournment. The Assembly business on Tuesday was principally in committee on Divisional Boards. The clauses providing for imposing rates on improvements were very much criticised. According to Foote the Ministerial chant in reference to the poor selector was Wo levy awful rates upon his chimney-stack and veranda, His stable gig-house, cowshed, barn, the stock- yard fence and entered. There are 107 lines more, but I shall hold them over for another occasion. After this flow of sentiment the House thought it was time to do something, and so they plodded along, wading through the intricacies of the various clauses. The debate was heavy and dreary on the whole, and was only enlivened by the occasional flashes of silence on the parts of Foote and Isambert. O'Sullivan had a notice on the business paper wanting to know whether the comet, Joseph Cook, or any of the great luminaries had anything to do with the Gurdon Palace fire. He didn't put it, however, and explained, as his reason, that he would reserve all the fire of his eloquence until Monday next. On Wednesday Brookes had a good stamp round. He pranced before the Premier and Perkins like an Angora goat "scotching" a snake, and in a state of great excitement said he was going to speak the truth, " impugn it whoso Hats." No one listed; in fact I think Price is about the only man in the House who is ever troubled with a list, or troubles anyone else with one I always like to see Brookes go for the Premier and Perkins. He glares from one to the other during his speech, and the dead silence which follows his sublime perorations gives him an opportunity of striking a kind of heroic attitude which suggests a sort of " Don't you forget it" admonition. He is grand in his rage ; sublimely grand in fact, I don't think I have over been anything so truly imposing j it is heaps better than a Punch and Judy show, and very little inferior to the Chinese gods in a joss house. On Thursday private members again looked happy, and at the usual hour were ready, eager for the fray." Griffith complained that the Government mere electioneering too much on Herberton, and wanted to know whether the wonderful tinfield was in the Cook or Townsville electorate, or whether it was like Mahomet's coffin, " hovering' twist the two." Macrossan gave him but little consolation, and Perkins, with his usual delicacy, said he had no doubt Samuel's informant was a "Boody person." Fred. Cooper seemed shocked at the idea of Herberton being removed from his beloved district of Cook. How rudely the air castles he has been building up were dispelled, and with what horror he learned that his famous speeches concerning the tip-top field were likely to bring forth no fruit. After the subject was pretty well dragged to pieces, Weld-Blundell motion for the reduction of duty on colonial wine was, introduced. The principal argument in favour of allowing Southern wine to come in was that it took a good deal of the beverage to put an ordinary Queenslander under the table The orthodox Bananaman when he goes in for liquoring, however, does not care for the quantity he absorbs. Quick and effective is the kind he looks for, and nothing from kerosine to pain-killer goes amiss with him. Let Germans go for their gallons of lager beer, and Frenchmen for their gallons of wine ; but give a Queenslander some Mackay fighting rum, and he can thoroughly satisfy himself on a bottle of it. One of the great features in the debate was a speech from Iaarahort, which, so far as could be observed, was) to get admittance for a trade doing pamphlet he had written, in the columns of "Hansard." O'Sullivan quoted poetry at him, and did other dreadful things, which were fully deserved. The festive Iaarahort is becoming a perfect nuisance in the House. He lacks the modesty -which should characterise a young member, and never allowed an opportunity of airing his eloquence to go past. That New Farm Debating Class has a great deal to answer for. I think he and Foote are the fussicstandlongcst-windedmonintheAssombly. What a pity Arabi Boy doesn't send for them. Well, we can't all be men of genius, and I, of course, pity them. A still small voice within me warns me that it is time to got home ; I have promised to sit up all night with some friends and see the comet, and as there are one or two members of Parliament among them, I fear that my kindly eye is required to keep watch over the hop beer and buns. Till Monday, then, ye scenes of dazzling light and dis- course bright, I bid a fond adieu ! THEOLOGICAL ItspiKOTiON'.-"Yes. ash," said Brudder Johnslng. "Kf do descendants of do rooster that crowed at Peter was to make a noise every time a He is told, der would-be such a noise in do world dot you couldn't boah do hens cackle. 