A PRACTICAL JOKE AND ITS RESULTS. A most remarkable case of insanity, re sulting from a practical joke, has just come to light in the city of Youngstown, Ohio. Living about two miles from the town is a family by the name of Waters. They are well-to-do, plain country people, who enjoy the respect of all their neighbors, and have a large circle of friends and relatives, The family consists of Mr and Mrs Waters, now well advanced in years; two fine- appearing and sensible daughters. both grown; and one named Henry, who is a handsome, manly young fellow of 23, whose pleasant face has made him many friends. Henry had been brought up on the farm, and his experience beyond the limits of his home and the neighboring towns has been re stricted to a single visit to Cleveland at the time of the Garfield obsequies. He was much given to reading light literature of the blood-and-tbunder kindl, and his associates say he was very superstitious, and had at various times expressed himself as believing in spirits and their visioned terrors. In fact, these strange fantasies had so worked upon his simple nature that he always slept with a large old-fashioned Colt's revolver at the head of his bed, where he could place his hand upon it in an instant. Knowing his weakness, some of the neighborhood boys planned, in the best of huonour, a scheme to frighten him with a make-believe ghost at midnight's evil hour. A night was set for the perpetration of the joke, and during that afternoon one of the young- men carefully drew all the bullets from Henry's pistol, leaving the powder in each cartridge undis, turbid, and placed the weapon back in its accustomed place. Henry retired as usual at half"past eight. and about midnight, just as the moon was throwing a dim ray of light across the floor, one of the boys, clad in ghostly attire, stealthily entered the room, and stood with outstretched arms, slowly muttering unintelligible sentences. With an awakening tremor, Henry convulsively grasped his revolver and sat upright in bed, dumab through fear. The ghost advanced a step, the mutterings continued, till Henry, wrought up to almost a frenzy, drew to an aim the weapon he supposed was charged with death, and stammered. I" It you are a man, I shall kill you; if you are a ghost this won't hurt you"; and with that the loud report of his pistol startled the night's stillness. There was a quick motion of the shrouded arm, the bullet was thrown back, striking the headboard at Henry's side. This sent a cold chill through his frame, but a second time he took deliberate aim at the ý figure and fired. Again a motion as if catching the bullet, and it was thrown back upon the bed. Almost paralysed with faar. Henry fired a third, a 'fourt'::, nd a fith shot, only to have the buliota hurled back with noiseless motion from the ghlstly figure, Then, for a brief moment, he ieit as if trans figured, gazing with mute bewilderment, when, with a wild shriek of terror, he fired the last blank cartridge and hurled the pistol at the ghost. With a marry laugh the ghostly visitor threw off his fiowing garments and through the djor came those who had gathered without to join in theL sport, when, to their horror, they saw de picted on the face of Henry an expression which told the sad s'ory that th.ir joke had, alas! been too well played. i-i mind cold. not steand the strain. I, was a raving maniac. The sadde&t; part cf the story is that, although several wec:ks have elapsed since young Walters was frightened, he has not showed the least signs of returning 1sanity; and, while not violor.t, is coustantly shrieking out and pointing to imnaginary ghosts. It is a sad story, and a frightful warning to practical jokers. 