|A MODEIi FATHER ' Bv David Christie Hurray. CHAPTER IV. ?..«. ' Jack Cameron, arrived at his own rooms, sat !;: 4own with a book before Mm, and made a dogged i- . pretence of reading. His chum lit a pipe and re is garded Mm -with troubled, friendly eyes. Jack's };' ' book was of small value to him, as yon may fancy, ;'* except as a shield for his emotion ; bnt he read ;K on steadily, line after line, and page after page, .???; understanding nothing. He had already shown ;., . more than he cared to show, and was resolute to :v' keep a guard upon himself for the tuture, out »' ? his. heart was full of rage and wounded love and V pride; and, these passions rushing through him V every now and again like a very tempest, he had . ' much, ado to keep his limbs still. ?!??' To be in love means much to a clean-hearted youngster. You have jogged along with the * crowd, content to be no better than your neigh bours, satisfied with an every-day morality and ;?? . commonplace ambitions after money and worldly .-.'. ease, and all on a sudden some beautiful new ' presence dawns upon your life, and beckons you ; to a level you had. done no more than dream of. And this sweet presence, which bears actual airs of Heaven with it, grows more and more lovely and beneficent, and beckons you higher and fiigher, and smiles kindlier and kindlier until in ' some unguessed-of moment it turns with a face : .? ? of hideous derision and mocks your folly. This is to be jilted for inoney. Your soiil rises in des : pair and self-disdain, and the goddesa of your ??'',?' worship tells you that the love of woman is a ,; cheat, and a heart of cankered brass a poor lad's '? ?. . only safeguard. All this was true to Jack.Cameron, because he :?? believed it to be true. -:; He would not have been the honest lad he was if many doubts had not reached his heart. \- Loyalty finds it hard to believe in disloyalty. ?'.' ? Cassidy watched his friend ? almost with terror, his quiet seemed so unnatural, and in a while tis fears assumed a shape so threatening that he stole from the sitting-room and locked up his friend's razors. - 'This kind of thing,' he said to himself, ? gloomily, ' has ended that way before now.' After an hour or- two spent in trying quiet, ; Jack rose and filled his pipe, and at this sign Cassidy began to bustle about the room and to : set glasses and a bottle on the table. 'To their father with the lot of them,' said i Cassidy suddenly. 'What do we want to go ?getting married for ? 'We've got each other, that's been chums now for a dozen years and ? more, arid we'll just try to be content at that, Jack, me boy, and let the baggages slide.' ' Bill/ said Cameron, breaking silence for the first time since his entrance, 'make me one promise/ . ' ' Anything in. nature, answered Cassidy. ' ' Never speak about this any more. Never hint at it.' ' I won't, then/ said the Irishman, tenderly. .. ? ' Have a glass of whisky. Jack.' * No. I won't drink now. Good night.' ' Good night.' The heartbroken lover went to his own room and walked gloomily up and down all night. His companion sat in the chamber beneath and listened to his footsteps. 'They're all alike/ said Cassidy to himself. € When was I ever unhappy except when I was danglin' afther a petticoat? But I'll have to marry now if I spend the honeymoon in the work ' 'louse, and that looks likely. Faith, I'd rather stop and be a companion to the poor boy there. I know what it is, Jack, me lad, for I've been through it myself, as often maybe as most men, and I can feel for you.' The watcher in the lower room dozed, and woke i^k to see the first grey gleam of dawn break through ^^Hhe crevices of the window shutters.- The step ^^^ftas still going to and fro, to and fro overhead. ^^Bassidy began to think his friend took the matter ^^Bx) much to heart, bnt the thought of going to ^^^B'3. and mn.Ung 'himself comfortable whilst his ^^?imtmnion suffered 'in solitude never occurred to Him'; a fact from which it may be argued that ^Hmpndship jras a senfiment more solid and endur ^Kng than love in ids case. Se threw open the HF shutters noiselessly and let the summer morning W^~ light into the room., and filling his pipe sat down v ' to*ead with the monotonous footsteps still going . to and fro, to and fro overhead. Howland-street, as everybody knows, is at the same time in the middle of Prague and near the middle of London. It is not an early street, and ©nlythe roll of a cab or a mail cart m the great thoroughfare near at hand broke on the silence ? ' until long after broad daylight had settled down upon it. But when Cassidy had dozed again and afeain over his book the first of the morning cries sounded on his ear, and after no great interval the postman's knock came down the silent street. The watcher having thrown np the window quietly to observe the progress of the postman, marked the cessation of the footsteps overheard, and, listening, heard the creaking of the window as it rose in the room above him, 'The poor lad can't believe she's fooled him : yet/ said Cassidy sadly. .' ? The postman's knock sounded at the front door, and Cameron ran rapidly and lightly down stairs. He came back with the false letter the tragedian had written the night beforehand Cassidy inter ; cepted him on the landing. He had read it ??'* ' already, and he slipped it into the Irishman's ':. . lands without a word, and passed upstairs again. , - The footsteps were going to and fro once more as ^ Cassidy read the wicked lines. ; ' ' She's disturbed, is -she, poor thing ?' he said \- 'bittterly. 'That's a pity.' He threw the ? ' epistle on the' table, and went wandering dis ., consolately about the room, but, hearing the landlady astir, he fled like a guilty ghost to his own chamber. By-and-by Cameron appeared be fore him half dressed. 'Have you seen my razors, Cassidy ?' he asked. ;.'? 'I — I borrowed them/ said Cassidy, blushing ??.' and stammering, Jack stood by whilst he un locked the drawer in which he had hidden them. 'You old fool/ he said, with that friendly ?brutality young men use when they want to hide ^themselves. *? I was not so certain of that same/ blundered dassidy; but Cameron returning no answer, marched off- with his recovered property. He 'x .looked rather stern ..than miserable, Cassidy thought, and indeed the young man's heart had. T-een oftaner filled with rage than with any other ^ jtassion during that dreadful night, and by this ' time he had hardened' into an intense, bitter con ? tempt for the girl he had loved so dearly. Win -, jfirst cry under the blow had been repeating itself 'f 4n his mind all night, : ' If eyer believe in honour } -f-r honesty, any more !' He told himself how g ' salutary the lesson was, and the first fruits of ' JSx. Montgomery Bassetfs plot declared them « selves in the growth of a trustful, affectionate I ^youngster into a cynic. He met his chum at ? '* breakfast as usual, cut without the usual greet jr ing, and having forced himself to eat some little i food he went down-stairs to the studio and began i to work. Only yesterday he would have lightened )i ' -^abour by the* singing and whilstling of many teheery staves — he had a whistle like a thrush's ; jiote-^and Cassidy, as he worked on his own side i of the studio, missed the customary sounds of £f mierrunent. * , ' Hang it all !' said the perturbed Irishman, '* ~ fegarfling frig work with disfavour, 'the shadows f * fire painted in mud and the lights in chalk. How |* * fxe yon doing, Jack P* (g ' Well enough/ said Jack shortly, and silence f,. tell again. g- * Art/ said Cassidy, 'is nothing apart from, the if 4-rdayaL The last picture I painted — ?twas |.- finished last week, and Isaacs has it— has a fine Hf original notion in it. Two girls sitting on a*ros m, 'tic T-ench with a poodle dog between them. Now Wv |his is a loftier conception even than that. Two l& jgirla sitting on an esplanade, with a poodle dog ||v jpieee. -There's liberality for you J* ' W% ' Jack would have obliged his chum with a §§f* i&ugh; in the old times, and now the Irishman ijpiniBsed that friendly contribution to the gaiety of iPthed^y. II-?, r '(To be Continued.) 