[?] Cetewayo is to go tome on September let. Tarns are 105 telephonic connections with the Exchange now. Csxewiyo has been the guest of the Queen. That beats ParSes. Railwat should be opened Ci miles beyond Dubbo by the 23rd proximo. 30,000 kangaroos hare been killed on one Lachlan station in this present year. The public were terribly ' Stung' on the Hawkcsbury race course on Saturday. Tub running of Sting at the Hawkcsbury is described by Ix all probability a large trained elephant for the Zoo frill be landed in Sydney about Christmas. lax second head of the Darling Harbour hydra killed by the Supreme Court. There will be no new trials. Caterpillabb appearing in vast numbers in some of the northern areas of South Australia. Settlers rolling them. down. An attempt to introduce a measure for the suppression of juvenile smoking was ridiculed in the Mew Zealand Parliament; Me. T. Sum? bt intends moving for increased salaries to the Judges. Chief, £3500 ; and Puisne Judges, £3000 per annum each. Adionistbation granted in Victoria to the estate of an infant who died aged 13 weeks. The paternal grandmother was the applicant. According to our Temora correspondent, the Queensland Government is bidding for New South Wales' single flock of ostriches. The compulsory clause is said to be rigidly enforced now. If ? so, there arc a good many 15-year-old dwarfs knocking about the Sydney streets. 'Boccaccio,' at the Opera-house, Melbourne, is to have the advantage of the electric light. Will 'Boccaccio' bear that iull illumination ? Famb indeed. Clarence River people are proposing a statue to Mr, J. Inglis on some conspicuous headland. It is for frost resisting sugarcane, not Indian tea. Fobtt-thbbb miles of the railway extension from Dubbo to Nyngan are completed, and by the 23rd of October the rails will be laid to Warren-road station, a distance of 61 miles. Hobs Queensland rum. Joseph Thompson, proprietor of Queen's Hotel, at llockhampton, entered a store and bought a revolver, which he loaded, placed in his mouth, and fired, killing himself instantly, Thb Discharged Prisoners' Aid Society relieved 101 cases last Tear aB against 151 in the previous year. The committee acknow ledge a donation of £200 from Mr. Thomas Walker. What com mittee has not made that acknowledgment? Thb project known as the Darling Navigation Company, limited, is in moribund condition. Under £600 was all that was raised. The project was never seriously entertained except by visionaries, .It was floated in Wilcannia some few months ago. See JTohjt : ' The audacity of putting forward projects of that kind in my car !' His ear ! Has the hon. member acquired a now distinctive feature during the recess ? Is he just now in a eort of ' Midsummer Night's Dream P' His gentle roaring is suggestive. t' He (Sir John) gave the land to the family straight away, whether to do so was law or not law.' That is the man to be trusted with the administration of the public estate ! That is the man to have a private fortune at hie disposal ! That is the man to 'work a Eystem of conditions ! Accobmng to Major Atkinson, Colonial Treasurer of New Zealand, the bachelor who spends an inordinate amount of money in tobacco and spirits is not a fit subject for the commiseration of Parliament; he is a fit subject for taxation if he spends his money on personal luxuries instead of saving it. Us. G. H. Reid is to. move next week for the particulars of \- aU properties resumed for public purposes, and the payments made therefor. Humour has it that the payments for certain land resumed in. connection with the Nepean waterworks were very thankfully accepted by the parties concerned. Ik the Supreme Court, on Monday, the hearing of the ecclesias tical appeal in the will of James Cherry was continued. The Court dismissed the appeal with costs. The hearing of the equity appeal, Wolseley v. Day, was not concluded when the Court rose. Bis Honor Mr. Justice Windeyer sat in divorce, and disposed of several undefended suits. It is reported that Mr. William Forster has retired from hie position as a prominent member of the Opposition. Rumour has it that the hon. gentleman is not particularly satisfied with his colleagues on the Speaker's left hand. There is no ground what ever for the statement that Mr. Forster has accepted the vacant portfolio in the Ministry. Jones to Brown : ' Sir John was very hot the other night. What did it all mean ?' Brown to Jones : ' Reid between the lines, my boy ; Reid between the lines. Men do not use all their strength to break flies upon the wheel, unless they feel the point of their stings. Sir John is sore from the crown of the head to the sole of the foot, and he shudders at the buzz of a mos quito.' Thb Maryborough Standard of the 24th August has a leading article on a ' tin of jam,' the first two sentences of which are as follows :—' We have been shown the contents of a tin of 'cheap jam,' purchased in this town, and find about half of it to consist of boiled sago. The transparent globules of the sago are plainly discernible in the tin, and when the jam is spread on bread they appear thickly.' Spobtemes will do well to bear in mind that an Act was passed by Parliament last session to encourage the importation and breed ing of certain birds not indigenous to the colony of New South Wales, and also to prevent the destruction of certain native birds during the breeding season, and that under this Act the ' close season' commences on the 1st September and ends on the 28th February of each year. Laitdholdbbs in the Albury district (says the Banner) who complain of the inroads of marsupials have very little idea ol the extent to which this nuisance sometimes attains. From a letter received a few days since by a gentleman in this town from a friend in the Lachlan district, we learn that on one station alone in that neighbourhood no less than 30,000 kangaroos have been killed since the middle of last December. Wi observe with pleasure from our Melbourne telegrams that Eome of our leading Sydney ^poultry fanciers have been able to hold their own egoinst competitors from Tasmania and Victoria at the show now being held at the Town Hall, Melbourne. Mr. Bradley secures first with Malays and red game ; Mr. Marklove first, and sweepstake for best gamecock, any age or colour ; and Mr. Beattie secures several prizes for pigeons. Ox Tuesday morning an accident happened on the Glebe tram line, near the stopping place, opposite Mr. Stimson's grocery etore. As the tram was coming to a stand at the crossing, a horse, drivenTby a youth named Parkes, and attached to a wood cart, backed into the tram car, the horse having been frightened. The guard of the tram bad his leg injured, and one of the doors of the car was wrenched off. The horse and cart were over turned, but with the driver fortunately escaped without injury. In the Supreme Court on the 25th ultimo a rule nisi for a new trial was refused in the District Court appeal, Devir v. Curley. In. the mining appeal, Bourke v. Lucas and others, the Court held that the decision of the Judge of the Appeal Court was wrong. In ex parte Empson the Court granted a prohibition, holding that a publican's license did not, on the insolvency of the holder, pass to his official assignee. ^w^S1^ p*m' ^n,Mon^aJ'» * 'woman, whose description is sub S55a^B?Ms*sat ?sst&s; «to»l,btakMn«b.t, okHhE.E.boiita.Mj^ruiSj,*'' tender age should think-that the labour* I have 8«C have been of sufficient importance to your native co&^you say, to induce you to present this address, whichlnSeritM »Si2fS7rtBM- ' «»*Ste«t»Ml ?? 'Out of the mouths of babes and sucklings,' &c.; But was it spontaneous ? The annual Blue Book for the year 1881 has just been issued from the Government Printing Office. It consists of lMpa^ of printed matter, in addition to an index of over 70pam», arrive, mformabon respecting Governors, Parliaments.^nistriesf the Members of the Executive Council, Legislative Council, Leris! tafave Assembly, the different civil andreligious establishment ?eaucauon, pensions, consols, retuming-officers, agreement vali afae^Wi cens'.e:uard5ans °* ignore, and in short every branch of Ths prosecution of John Sheedy.the driver of the motor No SO, which, on Friday, the 11th, ran foul of a tramcar at the jun- tion of Ijverpool-stoeet and Eueabeth-street, and was charged at the Central Police Court by the superintendent of rolling stock With negligence, was concluded on the 25th ultimo, andresulted in the dismissal of the information. His Worship (Mr. Crane 8.M.) said that, having reference to the evidence of those perl sons who were eye-witnesses of the occurrence, he could not sec that defendant had been guilty of any neglect. Thj Citizens' {Committee in connection with the Kenny Hill Sigh ?Pressure Gravitation Scheme presented their final report to a meeting, held at the Town Halt, on the 25th ultimo. The report, which, was of very great length, detailed the principal points in the controversy in reference to the rival Prospect and for1a^BhZn»CbaUeneea£laally i'*016 « they think proper WaST's bSJJ^W *»****»*»* rt the Premier's speech at UieT/itV^CnVj ^M be alreadj' fore°tte» that whatae calls unon L^ W^TH?' wJ^Xl *? construction that was put ?SerieVp l?h? t™ 'u fc*™*1''* entertainer, Lord Kim » r j. i- 7. ' tO0' alto&ether; oblivious of the fact that this of^hPJwhSw?KP?chJ^tuepre8s--not m««ly of Sydney but ToStori^tSL ^Vfr1?1 COlonies ? to eonmnii with Lord S^weawe^aU^oS»e8meantVrhathe6ai(L '^w appears In* Department of Public Instruction is actively engaged Sfti^P&Jr; ***«**?«? oi the colony the compulsory clause n^LWC«?1Strnctlo.nJictbyProsccutillKParents who refuse M, ^S«af£?' 1^eated wam&gs; to seM their children to fiSfL .? Si***' iade£ 8 P^Hf to taitiate Prosecutions in any town or district, and when the District Attendance and Payments Officer is properly acquainted with the mode of procedure, to leave further prosecntions to him in accordance with instructions forwarded from the head office in Sydney ; and by this plan the compulsory clause will very soon be in full force throughout the colony. Up to the present time the operation of the clause has had a very beneficial effect. Tire Fiji Titties reports the commission of a most savage and brutal murder at Nairai. On Friday, 11th August, the body of 'a woman was found upon the beach bearing fearful evidence of the crime, as it is feid that no less than 40 gashes had been inflicted upon her, apparently with a knife. The unfortunate victim was a married woman and the mother of two children, but her recent relations with her husband have not been of a satisfactory character. Jealousy is supposed to have been the cause of the crime, but whether the woman has met her fate at the hands of her husband or her repnted lover is not yet known. Both have been arrested and are now in custody awaiting the preliminary examination. Thb system*of boarding out State children has proved so successful in this colony that steps are being taken to extend its beneficial results. Hitherto most of the children that have been brought under this system have been taken from either the Bene volent Asylum or the Children's Home at Ashfieid. Arrange ments have now been made between the Minister for Public Instruction and the Boarding-out Committee, by which children may be taken from the Protestant and the Roman Catholic Orphan Schools at Parramatta, and boarded out with suitable persons. Already there had been 20 children taken from the Protestant, and 18 from the Roman Catholic Orphan schools, and there were in hand a large number of applications from persons in different parts of .the country who were desirous of having children to board. Tub following ie the address of Arthur Sieber to the Judge in the Melbourne Criminal Court, on being found guilty of-shooting at Miss Maher with intent to murder her, Jat the Oxford Hotel, Ru* sell-street, Melbourne, on the 23rd April hut (reported in the Ar$us) : — «? Your Honor, — My poor relatives; I cannot go home any more to them. Do not linger out my punishment. I cannot expect any better punishment than death. Whatever punishment ? your Honor will give me, I hope it will be death. It would be better. I cannot go home to see my father ; I cannot bear imprisonment. I have lost mv father; I have lost my country ; I have lost my friends ; my home, my bride. I have lost everything. I do .not watit to live, your Honor. I hope you will give me death. That is the greatest favour you can do me. I cannot stand imprisonment. It is too much.' ? We have before us the report of the Board of Land and Works on thc Victorian Railway System, from which we learn that the total debenture capital raised is £17,672,460; thc total yearly interest payable is £918,218. The total mileage open for traffic is 1247 miles; the gross revenue earned last year was £1,665,209; the working expenditure was £913,572 ; the profit on the working was £751,637. The different systems gave the following results on their capital cost, including rolling stock :— Northern Bystem, 3-66 per cent. ; Western system, 3*45 per cent. ; North-eastern system, 8-47 per cent. ; Eastern system, 3-25 per cent. ; Hobson's Bay lines, 1-39 per cent. The only line which pays is the North eastern, that runs to Wodonga, and is fed by the traffic of New South Wales ; it pays 8£ per cent. The Hobson's Bay line, which ought to be the best paying, from thc density of traffic, returned less than IJ per cent. Thb annual general meeting of the members of the Great Synagogue was held on Sunday, at the Synagogue-chambers, Elizabeth-street; Mr. D. Marks, president, in the chair. The annual report and treasurer's' balance-sheet were adopted. Thc folio-wing gentlemen were elected office-bearers for the ensuing Jewish year :— President, Mr. George J. Cohen; vice president, Mr. Henry £. Cohen ; treasurer, Mr. J. L. Isaacs. Members of committee : Hon. S. A. Joseph, Mr. Henry Solomon, Mr. David Marks, Mr. S. Ackman, Mr. D. L. Levy, Mr. C. Cantor, Mr. D. Mitchell, Mr. A. L. Nelson. Auditors : Messrs. M. S. Levy and Alexander Myers. Leave of absence was granted to thc Rev. A. B. Davis for 12 months, on full stipend, in recog nition of his valued services to the community during the past 20 years. Votes of thanks were recorded to the retiring president, vice-president, treasurer, and board of management. Ok Saturday morning at 6.30 the Gunga (s.) passed through the Heads, having arrived from Fiji, and Dr. Beattie, the assistant health officer, who resides at Watson's Bay, at once boarded her. From a marked cutaneous eruption which was visible over the body of a sick passenger, thc doctor concluded that there were symtoms of variola, for taking them collectively the case had all the characteristic signs of that loathsome disease. Dr. Beattie at once placed himself in communication with Dr. Mackellar, health officer, who visited the vessel, and finding good reasons for precaution, he ordered the Gunga andevery one onboard to be quarantined. His Excellency Sir Arthur Gordon was on board. A special train was in readiness at the railway station on Saturday to convey Sir A. Gordon and party to Melbourne, whence they would have sailed by thc Rome for England, but in consequence of the existing condition of things the special was of course not needed. Ah example worthy of imitation has (says the Argus) been set by the pupils attending the Central State School at WiUiamstown. These children have, under the leadership of their head teacher, Mr. J. A. Russell, collected a sum of money sufficient to plant and fence in a number of trees in the grounds attached to the school buildings. The Education department is not prepared, it appears, to devote any money to such purposes, so that local effort had to be solely depended upon. Thc exertions of the pupils were imme diately and gladly responded to by the residents. The reason of this cheerful co-operation may be readily understood. Those whose contributions have enabled the work to be carried out recognise the advantage of having pleasant plantations in. their midst, instead of dreary wastes and barren spaces, while parents are anxious that their children during play time should have some protection from the burning sun. With similar determina tion and organisation amongst the children and teachers of other State schools we may hope to see like results accomplished else where. We are informed by. the Health. Officer that the whole of the passengers and crew of the steamer Gunga, from Levuka,have been 6ent on shore, where they have been supplied with all the necessary comforts and conveniences, and that everything has been done for them that possibly could be done. The Fijian native, whose illness was the occasion of the vessel being put into quarantine, has been removed to Little Bay, where he has been placed under the care of Dr. Bailey, the medical officer in charge of that institution. The case is an undoubted one of smallpox, modified by successful vaccination, but at the date of the hist advices yesterday evening the patient was progressing very favourably. In the meantime the crew and passengers of the Gunga, including Sir Arthur Gordon, are all very well. The Gttnga has been thoroughly cleaned and disinfected, and notice having been given to the A. S. N. Co., a fresh crew was yesterday afternoon sent on board, and the steamer was brought up to Sydney, there being no danger whatever so far as the vessel is concerned. A somewhat novel charge was held at the Bedfera Police Court, and the result should act as a caution to other persons whose inclinations, or hick of common sense, might lead them to commit similar misdeeds. Mr. Addison, S.M., presided over the Court. The defendant was a young man named John Murphy. He appeared in answer to a summons issued against him at the instance of Mr. James Roberts, superintendent of cramways, for that he did, at Redfern, on the 30th July last, wilfully apply the brake on a tram-car whilst thc same was in motion. The defend ant pleaded guilty, and stated that he was a little the worse for hqnor at the time. Mr. Saber, one of the witnesses, said that in consequence of the defendant's action the tram stopped, and was unable to proceed any further for a time, the engine-driver oeu)g compelled to reverse the engines and recede several yards «5n ?*i.c-!nld Proceed on the journey. Defendant was fined 4.10, with 7s. Court costs; levy and distress, or two months' imprisonment. The presiding magistrate said herwas Bony that Sto^aftoTto^o^^ Sd SrlfJ^^*68 ^ PecttU' style of oratory : » After all that Piiliii out remonstrance, and submitted calmly mJ ^attSa?^ would surrender their rights and jrivileg ™ and ^ would be Z longer the representatives of the people; and the sooner they were sent about their business the better, for one act of infringe ment would be followed by another, and he felt quite certain that if his hon. friend's amendment were not carried, this would not be the last occasion in this session when the Government would infringe the independence of that House.' Mb. Geobge Wright, of Double Bay, on Monday, brought to tbis office the dead body of a very Urge- sized carpet snake, killed by his two sons on Saturday afternoon last. The young men were ont on an excursion in the bush nt Double Bay, and when near BeUevoe-hiU a little dog with them commenced to bark furiously. On going to see what was the cause of thc dog's excitement, the? tound a carpet snake showing fight. On their approach to it the reptile glided into its hole. The young men then lit a fire at the mouth of the hole and forced the snake to come out, when they killed it. On measuring the body it was found to be about 8 feet long. This snake wis found in the same locality as cne of a similar species killed by Mr. George Wright, some time ago, and which measured 10 feet 4 inches, an unusually large (?pccinien. About thc same locality, within the past 12 months, four or five carpet snakes have been killed. Thc snake killed on Saturday was of the species morelia tariegata, and was quite ionocuoiis. This species is found in every part of Australia except southern Victoria and a limited district of the New South Wales coast. Ly the Eeelesiastial Jurisdiction of the Supreme Court on Monday the will case of Browne and others v. M'Elhone and others was concluded. His Honor Sir George Innes finished his summing up at five minutes past 3 o'clock. The jury immediately ictired, and after an absence of one hour and fifty-fire minutes, found that the will in question was the hut made by the late John Bro-ffue, and that thc testator was of sound and disposing mind at the time he made it. They also handed in a document expressing in a strong manner their hope that the heirs would take into consideration the position of their sister, Mrs. Rigney, and her blind husband, and make some provision for her out of the wealth they had inherited. His Honor stated that the docu ment should be forwarded to the Primary Judge, and said he thought he might promise to cordially endorse the hope expressed by the jury. Mr. F. L. S. Smyth, one of the counsel for the plaintiffs, also remarked that he had been instructed ti say that although no compromise could be made at the present stage, thc claims of Mrs. Rigney and her husband would be fully considered by his clients. Wb take the following from the Fiji Times of August 12 :— 'The accounts visitors give of the state of affairs at Wallis Island won.d seem to indicate that the sacerdotal rule there obtaining is by no means over indulgent in character, or peculiarly satisfactory to the native mind in its working. Everything is represented as being - saturated with sectarianism.' Trie priests rule the roast, and rule it with rod of iron. The Queen is said to be a mere poppet in the hands of the mission. All laws and edicts ernenate from that body, and every effort in the way of government has the aggrandisement of the Church for its object. For every social offence, or moral peccadillo, the culprit has to make copra for the mission ; the taxes, paid in kind, go the same way ; the men are forbidden to leave the island, and officers are placed on board vessels visiting it, to prevent them stowing away. An intense feeling of dissatisfaction is said to be spreading and the natives are so anxious to get away that they are constantly escaping in canoes which make Fortuna or somewhere else, or pie never again heard of. If this description, given by a late visitor, is anywhere near the truth, Wallis Island can scarcely be considered a South Sea Paradise.' On Tuesday afternoon a sad accident happened at the railway crossing near the Petersham Station, to a little boy named William Charles Smart, whose parents reside on the Panamatta-road. Leichhardt. The boy, who is aged but five years, was returning from school to his home, and as thc 5 minutes past 4 o'clock train from Sydney to Burwood came along the line endeavoured to cross. He was knocked down, it is supposed, by the guard iron, a wound in the forehead being inflicted, and falling in the ' four foot '—that portion of the road lying between the rails— the tram passed over his body. His left foot was close to the rail, and in thc passage of the train the wheels severed two of the toes. The driver saw the accident, and at once took tbe propec measures to stop the engine, succeeding in doing so as the last car passed over the pcor little fellow. At the station Father Coletti and another reverend gentleman saw the boy lifted on thc platform, and they tcok him into Sydney to -the hospital, Father Coletti nursing the little sufferer in his arms. At the hospital it was found that the boy had a very extensive fracture of the skull ; indeed, to quote the doctor's words, ' the whole of the cranium was detached.' There was also a wound on the right side of the head leading to the fracture, and two toes of the left foot] were cutoff. On Monday a well-attended meeting of the members of the Highland Society of New South Wales took place at thc society's roomSj Waterloo- chambers, George-street, for the purpose of receiving the report of the council for the past year, and electing officers for the ensuing year. Mr. A. Kethel occupied the chair. Mr. J. M'Donald read the report, which was adopted and ordered to be printed and circulated amongst the members at the annual commemoration to take place on Monday, September 11, at the Protestant Hall. The balance-sheet was also read, and showed a balance of £365 5s. to thc credit of the society. The following gentlemen were then elected as office- bearers for the ensuing year :— President : The Hon. Sir John Hay, K.C.M.G. Vice presidents : Hon. A. Campbell, M.L.C. ; Hon. Professor Smith, C.M.G.; Hon. John Sutherland,M.L.A.; Hon. A. Stuart, M.L. A.; Pr. H. N. M'Laurin, Messrs. George A. Murray, John Rea, John Harris (Mayor of Sydney), A. Cameron, M.L.A., and George Munio. Councillors : Messrs. Francis M'Nab, Alexander Kethel, John Taylor, Alexander Macqueen, Robert Grant, and R. S. Brodie. Hon. treasurer : Mr. W. Fraser Martin, M.L.A. Hon. secretaries : Messrs. John M'Donald and George Christie. Votes of thanks were accorded to the retiring officers and to the chairman. The Eyneton Guardian records some of the incidents of a revival mission of the Rev. John M'Ncill, B.A. In his message last evening Mr. M'Neill said that he was sometimes asked whe ther it was sinful to attend quadrille assemblies or dancing classes. He was not going to say whether it was wrong or not, but his text told him that they should be ' scaled with the Holy Spirit of promise,' and have ' the earnest of their inheritance' within. He would give a cheque for £50 if they could produce any one who was filled with the Holy Ghost and yet attended dancing assemblies. If a man had the earnest of thc inheritance with him, and was full up of the Holy Ghost, it would take a very strong rope and a powerful locomotive to drag him into a dancing-room, where people went spinning round and round like so many idiots, and it would be hell to him until he could get out again. The preaeher also indulged in parable. He repre sented the Lord as having lost some of his flock, and as saying to the angel Gabriel, ' Gabriel, just go down to the world and see if you can hunt them up.' Gabriel started on his mission, and reported, ' Lord, I hear the shuffling of feet in here,' when the Lord replied, ?' Oh ! none of my flock could be found there ; that iB a ballroom.' Mr, M'Neill concluded this iUustrfttioa by expressing the hope that the Lord would never send Gabriel to look for him in a ballroom. Ah ordinary meeting of the Sydney Municipal Council was held at the Town Hall on Tuesday, when the Mayor occupied the chair* and there was a huge attendance of aldermen. After thc minutes of the previous meeting had been confirmed and some petitions had been presented, Alderman M'Elhone commenced the principal business by moving that in future no tender from Messrs. D. and R. Bradford for corporation work be received. It will be re membered that this firm were stated to have made a present of iron railings to Alderman Davies, and to have offered some garden chairs to the Mayor and the Town Clerk. A sub-committee appointed to inquire into the truth of the statement reported that Alderman Davies produced a receipt showing payment for the railings, while that gentleman himself handed in his own affidavit and those of Bradford Brothers to the effect that the railing had been sold and duly paid for. The com mittee were not satisfied with the entries in the firm's books of the sale and payment, and did not express any opinion with regard to the garden chairs. Some discussionensnedon Alderman M'Elhone's motion. Alderman Chapman moved an amendment that the firm should be prohibited from tendering for corpora tion work for two years, and this was agreed to by 12 votes to 7. The construction of sewerage works, the erection of new lamps and the extension of water mains in various parts of the city were approved of, and the meeting then terminated. The usual weekly meeting of the sub-committee appointed to consider amendments proposed in the present patent laws ot the colony was held on Tuesday in the couneil-room of the New South Wales Institute of Surveyors. Mr. O.Blacket was voted to the chair. Clauses 20 to 26, both inclusive, of the New Zealand bill wereconadered, and compared with the Acts in force in South Australia and America. Several objectionable features were ex punged, and phraseology inserted making tbe clauses more con genial to the requirements of New South Wales. At the request of Mr. R. Kunstman, delegate for the Architects' Association? the ion. secretary (Mr. Edward Knapp) read several lengthy papers rom Engineering, from the pen of that industrious and able writer Mr. J. Calvert, lucidly setting forth the advantages of fencing in ventorE with every protection, and of making thc fees so reason able as to give inventive talent every encouragement. Mr. T. G. Johnson, secretary Australian Institute of Marine Engineers, ad vocated the election of a board, to be empowered by Parliament to have and to use a seal to be attached to letters patent, and deprecated the vesting of the power to issue patents in a single individual. The point most strongly discussed had reference to irovisional registration ; this was carefully considered in all its bearings. From the progress made it is evident the subcom mittee will very soon have a draft bill ready for presentation to Parliament. Great care has been exercised to make the proposed new Act as simple and as comprehensive as possible. Yestbkdat, (writes our Brisbane correspondent under date of August 25), to the astonishment of everybody, an announcement was made that the Cabinet Council had concluded a provisional agreement wiih a number of gentlemen known as 'The Australian Syndicate ' for the construction of a railway from a point about 30 miles on the Brisbane side of Charleville to the border of New South Wales. The names of the gentlemen composing the syndi cate are said to Messrs. John Blyth, of Melbourne ; W. B. Shaw Rawbelle, Queensland; Alfred Shaw, Brisbane; David Spenee Mel bourne; Win. B. M'Gavin, London; and John Garget, Toowoomba The line is to proceed via Charleville to Cunnumulla, then along the course of the Warrego River to the terminus at the southern boundary of the colony. The total length will be 250 miles. The syndicate undertakes to have the railway ready for traffic in three years. The proposal is not strictly in accordance with the Rail way Companies Preliminary Act. This Act declares that no block of land granted to any company as a compensation for the cost «f «»Btrfrnptine a railway shall exceed five miles frontage to the &e; ^Scate «kl for blocks of 10 jnUes frontage with a havtag^IO years' currency, Md maturing in London. I Thb Lvttelton Times has received from Messrs. Burton I n fwTnf nnnedin ^ a photograph of a peculiar nature. It is I th^Hhe skuU of a maVn3^eber, who died in the Christ- I «w2h wnenita ^ in 1880 Weber was an unlucky man. 1 m ^was Sob? * 1821 in Denmark, and fought against I v ,Jin ,-n 1S4-» receiving as his share of the Campaign 1 S^^nuJS, iTthc^d ind a sabre wound on the skull. I BUD he recovered, Jt emigrated to New Zealand. In 1875 the I fbictaess^f hisVranium was still further tested by a circular I sawS OxfordTwhicb chipped a bit off his right temple, and five I v^Tra laS he died of phthisis in thc hospital here. When he I cnteredthat institution in 1878, Weber was in an advanced state t Smpto, and did not seem likely to Irtmore than three I or four months at the outside. A wardsmanmade a bargain with ? him to supplv him with tobacco during life, on condition of ? rwivtog bis skull after death, and a formal agreement to that ? effect was drawn up. It was two years before the legacy could ? Declaimed The skull, which is beautifully _ photographed, pre- ? senteTremarkable appearance. The two bullet holes are plainly ? seen just above the forehead, and close together, both of them « betas clean perforations. A comparatively speaking enormous |H lumpofboneis gone on the right side, andanother piece is partly B separated from the cranium. How the man could possibly have §1 survived any one of the wounds is a perfect mystery. The bullets it were found in his head after death, having been there for over 1 3°W^Stract thc following from tbe rail Mall Gazette .--'Tho | Gvardian is a good deal alarmed at the formation of a new society within the Church of England, calling itself ' The Catholic League,' the doctrines of which are as much « in advance' of ; those ot the English Church Union as the Union is itself of the j average opinion 6f the clergy. The chief objects of the League, « it appears, are to restore the use of incense, masses for the dead, and Mariolatry, and to found a « Brotherhood of the Common » Life,1 or association of vagrant preachers who are to « propagate | the Gospel of Christ in tbe highways and byways, free from the | constraint of custom and stiffness of recogDisedformulas.' That ; | the Guardian should be alarmed at the appearance of this tro- i| pical plant in the once trim and homely garden of the Established M Church, and should be startled into a comparison of Ritualism to fe the Revolution, which, like Saturn, devoured itsown children, is [ not surprising. The matter for remark rather is that the world | at large has become so indifferent to ? Catholic Leagues.' A | quarter of a century ago the formation of a new 'Romanising' j society would have thrown not only sincere Churchmen, but the ( general public, into a perfect fever of excitement. Since then the ft Church, and especially its most ' advanced' members, have deve- If loped an unprecedented zeal and achieved in a certain 6ense great If triumphs. But, on the other hand, Gallio has become more indif - If f erent than ever. The gulf between the Church and the world is if widening very rapidly. It could not well be otherwise, for they It are both moving fast, and in precisely opposite directions.' Ik The usual weekly meeting of the Juvenile Exhibition com- Ijl mittee was held at the offices, Garden Palace, on Monday after- W* noon. There were present— Mr. John Davies, C.M.G., in thc ? chair, Messrs. Hutchinson, Franki, Down, Falser, Poolman, R. Walker, Selfe, and Captain Broomfield. The minutes of the 1^ previous meeting were read and confirmed. Correspondence was Is read from the Municipal Council of Uhnarra, enclosing a draft 19 for £8 6s. in aid of the funds of the exhibition; from \m Mr. Cooke, of Melbourne, offering to send some high-class li oleos and chromos for exhibition. A considerable amount \m of other correspondence from intending exhibitors was also W read. Mr. Hutchinson reported that his visit to Adelaide I* was most successful. Mr. J. Fairfax Conigravc, secretary IS of thc Chamber of Manufactures, had taken the matter up Ir earnestly, and would act as correspondent for Adelaide ; also Mr. ||« J. A. Hartly, B.A.jtnspector- Generalof Schools and President of It the Public School Floral and Industrial Exhibition, expressed a If deep interest, promising that the exhibits deemed worthy would K be sent on to Sydney at the close ot their exhibition, which is to p be held in Adelaide on the 3rd and 4th November, if the com- » mittee would receive them. This offer was at once acceded to -f with thanks. The report of the Musical Committee, recommend- ., ing that thc premium of five guineas for the best composition for ? ? the opening ode be awarded to ' Airmount, Waverley,' and a ' second prize of two guineas to 'Salis Superfine,' was unanimously adopted. It was resolved to offer two guineas and a medal to have the two odes set to music. : ~ A meeting of the members of thc Civil Service Building | Society was held, on Tuesday, at the offices of the society, 181, $ Pitt-street, for the purpose of electing a president of the board of I directors in the room ot Sir Alfred Stephen, as also five directors. 1 Mr. A. C. Fraser was voted to the chair, and after the secretary I had read thc notice of thc meeting, Mr. Goodchap remarked that I he had pleasure in proposing a successor to Sir Alfred Stephen, & but before doing so he read Sir Alfred's letter of resignation, If. wherein good reasons were advanced for the step adopted. The Ik writer, after expressing regret at being compelled to take this K step, went on to say that he felt at thc age of 80 years that it was n wise in him, if not a duty, to leave public affairs to younger men. W; Mr. Goodchap added that, as a director of this board since its B formation, thc directors generally acknowledged the very great ?' assistance which had been afforded them by Sir Alfred Stephen B as president of the society. He had attended on a number of K occasions at great personal inconvenience, and had aided the directors in coming to just conclusions in reference to questions brought before the society. It had largely benefited by his great experience in the law, and his general knowledge of the measures which best conduced to thc welfare of thc people. He prop jsed as a successor to Sir A. Stephen the Hon. Sir John Robertson, K.C.M.G., who was well known to all present and the colony generally. This was seconded by Mr. Barnet and carried unani mously. Scrutineers were appointed to conduct the balloting for directors, and the election resulted in thc following gentlemen being elected :— Messrs. C. A. Goodchap, A. C. Fraser, J. Barnet, John Young, and Joseph P. Abbot, M.L.A. Mb. William Tavlob, who recently retired from the Paddin'- ton Council after having been connected with it for 21 years, was entertained at a complimentary banquet, which was held at the Council-chambers, Paddington, last evening. There were upwards of 60 gentlemen present, and Mr. James P. Smith occupied the chair. Amongst others who were present were Messrs. J. F. Burns, W. J. Trickett, and W. Hezlett, Ms.L.A., and Robert Butcher (Mayor of Woollahra). Thc toasts of the ' Queen ' the ' Governor,' and the ' Parliament of New South Wales ' having been honoured, Mr. Trickett stated that an apology had been re ceived for the absence of the Hon. John Sutherland, who was to have taken part in the proceedings, and directed attention to an illuminated flddieBB, a life-glze portrait in oilB of Mr. Taylor, and an electroplated tea and coffee service, with tray. In the address it was stated that thc presentation was made as some acknowledg ment of themany and valuable services Mr. Taylor had, during the five years that he had held office as Mayor, and^the 16 years that ' he had acted as alderman, rendered to the residents of Paddington and the surrounding district. Mr. Taylor spoke of the difficulty he experienced in finding words that would sufficiently express his thankfulness, and stated that although he had been for a long time in the Paddington Council he had never expected to receive the honour Of bEteg an invited guest at such a nice little banquet. He assured the company of kit eenge of the honour done to him, and of the very great thankfulness lie experienced at being pre sented with the testimonial. He expressed his conviction that that was one of the best boroughs near the city, and referred to the fact that when he joined the council the rates did not exceed £600 per year, whereas they now amounted to about £7000. The portrait was painted by Mr. Charles Merckhart, and the banquet was provided by the Compagnoni Catering Company in their usual good style. A MEEintG was held in the Temperance Hall, Kiama, on Mon day evening, to consider what should be done to show the public approval of Mr. D. L. Dymock's action in connection with the establishment of the South Coast and WestCamden Co-operative Company. Mr. Samuel Marks presided. Inclement weather prevented many from attending; but the meeting was very enthusiastic, every speaker bearing testimony to the perseverance, energy, and ability displayed by Mr. Dymock, but for whom the company would never have been formed. Alderman Fredericks moved, and Mr. W. Stewart seconded, « That in the opinion of this meeting the services of Mr. D. L. Dymock, in connection with the establishment of the South Coast and West Camden Co-operative Company, deserves public recognition.' which was carried unanimously. From the drift of the speeches it is probable that early next year, before Mr. Dymock sails for Europe, he will - be presented with a substantial token of the wide esteem in which he is held, not only on account of being the originator of the central butter market scheme, which culminated in the Coooer ative Company, but for the great service rendered by him to the community in general. Theobject will not be a pecuniary reward Mr. Dymock's independent principles and position placing him far above that, but to enable him while in thc old world and the new to seek and obtain information respecting farm and dairy managemetrt ; which will be beneficial to the Soutfi Coast districtand colony, and to introduce American labour-saving appliances. The following gentlemen were appointed a committee to carry out the rvi^T0!*1!? toeetme- 'amely ^-Messrs. Marks, W. fcraham, Craig, John Somervule, Brown, N.Hindmarsh, Rohte, H.Fred SSSJ W 6tevenf?» Cole, M'Clintock, riajor Walmsley, J. Graham, W. Grey, and John Colley. Simultaneous action in the same direction is being taken at Albion Park, BunawangT GenJn§°lgl ^efttoa. Creek, and other localities that have beeH reached by the advantages conferred by the Co-operative 