CHAPTER 'XX. " Baldovino," said the Count, in Italian, to his old servant next morning; " did not I yes terday see thee working in the garden?" " Of a truth, Eccellcnza," answered the old man, " I did therein labor. a little-only a little!" " That was not well, my friend," said his master. " Thou growest old and feeble, and such work is not for thee. I will-engage a man to attend to the garden. See to it, figliamia!" "I will advertise to-morrow," replied Paola. " Baldovino shall in future take his ease with his cigarette, while he superintends operations," she added, with a laugh. " The signorina is pleased to be merry;" said the old fellow, with a low how, " but the idleness it likes not Baldovino, and with the signorina's permission he will still do so much as is possible to him." "Well, well-as thou pleasest," said the Count; "but take care of thyself, for thou hast been a faithful and hard-working ser vant ! National prejudice,' he went on, in English, when Baldovino had hobbled out of the room, " callatheltalian lazy; but I fear me that what passes for laziness is too often the wantvof something to do. The traveller sees the lazzaroni lying about in the sun all day. 'What an indolent people!' he says; for getting that work must be had before it can be 'done, and. shutting his eyes to the fact that those Italians who have .{it-do ifc with might and main. The history of Italy would prove-ah! by-the-way, that reminds me, Kaymond-you want us to go and hear 'Lucrezia Borgia' to-night. Did you think Italian opera in Melbourne would be worth listening to ?" I don't expect much," I answered, " and so I cannot be much disappointed." "Well, you will find this company sur prisingly good. The pieces, of course, cannot be placed on the stage with the splendour of London or Paris; .still, they' are fairly, mounted, and the singing is not to be des pised. Indeed the basso-the Duke Alfonso of to-night- is at present under engagement to London, and in my opinion he ?will do no discredit to the boards of Her.Majesty's. But you will be able to judge for yourself this evening. I see by the papers, too, that a new tenor undertakes Gennaro, but I do not expect much from him-the tenor is always the weak point of second and third-rate companies." ?Donizetti's "Lucrezia" is everywhere , a favourite, and when we reached the Opera house in the evening it was filled from floor to ceiling. The overture was played-the curtain raised-the opening chorus sung and the new Gennaro made his appearance, j Though evidently not young,- he was slight and undersized, and certainly looked more of, a.stripling than the robust, young woman who played Maffeo Orsini ; but his voice was good, and had something in its- tones which j awoke a vague recollection withinme. His, face, "too--despite the tinted ' cheek, the blackened eyebrow, and the pointed beard struck me as one that I had seen beforehand for some tjme I vainly tried to remember where ; but no sooner had the singer approached the footlights and commenced the beautiful "Di pescator' ignobile" than th6-truth came to me like a flash. - The voice was Dumarlay's ! I looked round at the Count and saw by his face that he had made, by the eye, that disT coveiy which had come to me through the ear. , - ? '.???. ' . Yes!-scarcely less sweet and powerful for, the passage of over twenty years, these were the tones which had made such an indelible impression upon , my memory on that long past night at Monkton-Edgett., My mind travelled back to that time, and, absorbed in a painful reverie, I heard as in a dream the: , increasing applause which greeted each suc7 cessive effort of the new singer. Would he recognise the Count or myself, I wondered; but no-his eyes, as they roved over -the house, rested upon our party several times, and no look or motion betokened that he knew either of us.. But after a time something occurred which did make him start. Towards the end. of the second act there flounced into the stalls* a party of flaunting, overdressed women, and no sooner did Gennaro's; glance alight on them than he gasped, faltered in his music-, and then went on again with an evident effort. Directing my glass upon the group whioh had -caused this emotion, I was startled in my turn to recognise another link between ine and my unfortunate past. Amongst the impftdent paintedfaces-altered by years and dissipation, by rouge and violet powder, but unmistakeable through all-was the face of Glika Nasilo vitch! , . That she had-wholly, or partially-recog-'. nised Dumarlay was evident \ from the fixed gaze with which she regarded-him. Singing or silent, moving about or standing still, she never took her eyes off -him, and so uncom fortable did he grow^ under this scrutiny that his performance deteriorated until people be gan to think if he was ill. At last, however, the Russian relieved him of her presence by leaving the house, and the last act was sung as well as the first had been. The opera came to an end; Gennaro, having duly died in great agony, was called before the curtain to receive, with his' suppo si-ti-tious* mother, a final tributeuof-appiauoey and then for lJUe nrst time l thought of looking at the play-bill. " Gennaro-Signor Claudio Dimarelli." . " Claude Dumarlay; Italianised," I/said to the Count; as we left the theatre.. That re moves all doubt 1" , * "Yes," hevreplied; "but I knew him the moment I set eyes on'him." "He is not the only ghost of the past that, has risen before me to-night," I said, and was proceeding to speak of the Bussian woman,' when the all-seeing Count interrupted. me. He had recognised her as soon as.'I had. " Put these wretches out of your mind, my. dear Baymond," he said. " They were not in it when you went to .the theatre, and a little effort will drive them out again.", But even as.he, spoke, and as.we crossed the street which skirted the rear of the Opera house, we saw a dense crowd collected round the stage-door, and soon gathered from the scraps of conversation around us that Signor Dimarelli had been accosted, upon leaving the theatre, by a low woman, who had not only claimed him as an old friend but had assaulted him upon his repudiating the acquaintance. ' "The traps is taken 'er off to chokey!" shouted one delighted gamin to another, and in a few minutes two constables made their way through the throng, dragging between them-struggling,.yelling and blaspheming Glika Nasilovitch. " I thought as. much," said the Count, as, having seen, them disappear into the neigh bouring police-office, we pursued our, way to, the railway-station, whither Walter and Paola had preceded us. (To be continued.) 