THE POPE AT QUEBEC. . The New York Timet eaya:-r»" The, desire to .escape from an alleged imprisonment in the Vatican, and to coj^y tho freedom of Quebec, would naturally tempt .Leo to accept the invito*. tiun of the pious Canadians; but henrght find' that in sodoing Ho had exchanged the .Roman fryingpah for the'Quebeofirel Evidently; ho has no,idea what a residence in Quebec involves.' He would hare'to virit ith'e citadel azidlisten to tHe historical'yeminiscehces of a sergeant ef Canadian volunteers ; he would have to inspect Montca'm'e skull at tbo TTrsulino convent, and to visit the spot where Arnold lost thatfamoos legjtojwhich, it is understood, Mr. Cyrus W. Field I will soon rrect a monument. ' Furthermore, he I would have to drive to the Falls of Mont-'| morency and to tho Indian village, and wonld' be obliged to buy quantities of ubele«s articles from all* ged Indian women. Worst of all would: j be the purchases of sealskin coats and caps, and of genuine Havannah cigars, which must bo made by everyone who goes to Qaebec, whether he be Popo or plumber. Would not the Pupo find this sort of thing more maddening and unendurable than a self -imposed imprisonment' in the Vatican ? In that vast palace bo can at least find peace, and can take his afternoon siesta without being waked up by a cardinal with the' exasperating words, * Gomel it's time for us to drive out to the Fallp, and to buy a fow more mociesinB.' Six months of Quebec would be more than any ordinary man;could bear, and the Pope ought to remember that he is far from strong, and that in goiug to Quebec ho , would, risk both lifo and reason. A still graver objeo-. tion to removing tho Pupaoy to Quebeo is the climate. -It i8 well established that the Romaii O&thdlio; roligion requireB a . uiffth;, .wiuter temperature of 45 degrees Fahrenheit, in order to really flourish; that ft freezes at a tempera* turo of 29 degroes, aud if suoh temperature con* tinuea for more than a few hours the result is nearly always fatal.. It is true that the prolonged existence of Roman Qatholioiem in. Quebec furnishes.an excbpUon—in faot, the only excep tion—to this rule, but no ouo who has seen the bareness of the Canadian churches and the ppverlyoftboirmost important functionaries ean regard Roman Catholicism ia Canada as any thing more than a stunted and feeble speoimen of tho splendid and vigorous religion,of South ern Europo. It will bo evidontat a glance that tho Pope cannot do himself or his church credit with the thermometer at 20 degrees, as it frequently is at Quebec. Can he say. mass on Christmas in a thick ulster and with furlioed boots ?^or|oau he administer the blessing, 4Urbi et orbi,' when buttoned up to tbe chin in a seal-, skiii coat/and with hands encased in enormous' sealskin gloves P He cannot ride out in winter, not merely because there is no precedent for suoh an aatoniBhiug ppeotacle as that of a Pope, in a sleigh, but because it would create scandal every time hie attendant chamberlain should i publicly rnb the freezing papal nose with show, I after the kind but familiar Canadian custom. Tho College of Cardinal* would freeze unless they, wero to wrap themselves up in the ord wary Canadiau manner, in which case * their 5 pic* turesqueness and at ieaBt one-half of the venor a tiou in which they are held would vanish; and tho Swis* Guards would be- forced to put-on heavy trousers; and woollen .overcoats,!and would he no more imposing.'and' magnificent thau a division of policemen" %> . A. coNOUBQiTios is often sold by'tbe choir... '' WxAYiya is nofc the only bosinesa that Joozb*. np. " „vv;., r .7v:'^':j\i {..CjEttB wis' jdat embitter "as.the Gaul ha 'con-1 que'red.t', , ,, - ;■ WHBH ia alamp inbadtemper ?.v:When it's' put-out, of course..; S T am on the lookout for somebody—somebody; don't'know-anybody of that haine.V- -l» —' , How,to makeJam tart—Leave out the sugar-, whon yoa put intho, plums.,'. ' ' :o Thb lilies-of.'the^field V.toil.not, .neither do they spin," but they-.have their blowi.out'just. the.Eame. -f c_ , ■ Aw Aberdeen!pundit has'found-out-'what' makes the Tower of Pisa iean.. -'He 'eiys it "la' the want of good food in Pisa.-' Is a late brcaoh.ofpromise case, the lover was convicted of writing,' Mi hart beets only for the, Mi darling' hunoy.' A noted actress declares that she cannot live on 20,000 dollars a year. Lots of people are in the same predicament, but it is because they cannot get the 20,000 dollars. " Mb. Smith," said a lady at a fair, " won't yon please buy this bonnet to preient to the lady you love ?" " 'Twouldn't be right," Baid Mr. Smith; " I'm a.matricd man.": Flos talk, bo an En'gliih scientist says,: but as interviewers' they don't come, hp -to' bees,' and fora'Btinging articlo they-are far-behind the intelligent but biting American1 mosquito. Op a certain brand of whisky,' on being told that a barrel of it would hot produce a head ache, Aitemus Ward; said : Ah,' 'my. mistake must have been that I did not drink quito,-"a barrel' ' ' " ' ' Fvsaz trade has its speoial disease,' (ays a writer on health ; andthenha adds': 'Printers usually have the hardest type,; probably] on account of the amount of " dead mattor" lying, arouud.'. ' '' r i \- ' Hat* you " Watts on the Mind?1'solemnly afikod a clerical looking old gent of.fcherogiiiBh damsel behind the counter/' 1 No, sir,' 'she answered, *. but I have nino on 'one hand and two on the other. Are you a wart doctor ?'. A sUtmseH Scotch parishioner' was admon ished bythe parson. 1 I ain'go into the vil lage/ concluded the: latter/-1 and; come home again without getting drank '. ' Ah/meehister, bat I'm eqq popular !'was the faddledScotch man's apologetic reply/ / V1'^ V"GG:: , :" : " :'Tub Japanesa"Premier,* Prince Kung, lad-, dressed General .Grant ih ^Engli'jh' so-called. Trying to coropiimo'n^ ,him' by assuring him that he (the. General) was boru to 'comthaiid, f said;1 Sire!' Bravo Genorate"! 'Youyos made to order.' ' ! : A man getting into his train, in < great haste complained of haying a bad stitch in his side How did yon get it ?' asked a fello w, patBSnger ' I.ralhur.think,' was the reply, '. that I got it by being hemmed in by a crowd a ,little way down the street.'.! ... Womit,' 'said an anciont -writer,'•' oiin never become an orator.' But he had probably never seen a housewife looking out of the second-story window, at 6 a.in y arguing with the milkman about that quart ho overcharged hor for in last month's bill. . .?! • / r. :: *• >•; -;A* old Scotchman 'attributes the disappear ance of ghosts from the Scottish moors to the custom <>f tea drinking at social meetings.* It rfquires Scotch whitky'on the top of old nlo to' enable a man to see a ghost really worth talk-, ingabout. » Sir. *•»•( V- . Am Iriebman (twin brother to thb one who. Bworo/ By.-'tho,powersl; he'd never go into! the' waiter till:ho coald Bwim!) once putting; on* a new pair of boots, remarked/' fiiiro arid aartin, I'll sever be ablo to git on these fnfarnal boots till I've .worn 'em' ut laist a wake.' *' . Two Irishmen who often m&di; a night of it. over the. whisky bottle were lute one even ing at .their mual occupation. At length says one, seeing the supply finished: 1 Are yo goin* to bed to-night, or may yo bo goin* to lit up .till to:morrow mornin' us yo did luBt nightP" ..-Giobos Selwi'n once sifirmod that no woman ever wrote a letter without a post soript. My next letter shull refute you, said Lady G. He soon after reoeived a long letter from berladysbipj on which, after she hud exhausted her subject, Bhe added,1 P.8.—Who is right now, you or If I ' ' \ j "i."„Va ^ .,.5 i A J .!. A TTOTOO qlergyman Beems tehavebonipressed the whole body.of . his sermon on 'Deceit' ia the follpwing:.'Oh, ray brethren, the snowiest ' shirt-front maybonceal ail • aching bosom, and the stiffest'of all 'collars: onoirole a throat that has many a vary bitter pill to swallow.' Two boardibg-honso keepers are 'comparing notes. ' It 'pears to me, Mrs. Higgles, that your chicken salad ia never found out—loaat. way, I never heard none of the borderaoompl&in.;' ' You see,' explained Mrs. Higgles,.' I allot chop up a few feathers .with tho veil;' Don't weep, my.friend,' aaid the'jpastor to tho sorrowing widower, as'he stood; beside hit wife's boffin. 'Don't weep, she has, gone to heaven.' ' Yes, I ,kuow ehe. has gope' there,' rcpliod the afflicted, man, 'and. thafl'iB what makes it ea hard to bear. X know I'll'never tee her again.' . " ; 'Doctob,' said a gentleman'.to,,an, aged clergy man, ' why does a, little fault ia:;a good man attraot more notice than a great . fault in a bad man?' 'Yor the. same' reason, perhaps,' answered the reverend doctor, 'that;.a"; alight stain on a white , garment is , more! readily noticed than a larger stain on a coloured one' A hissionauy, many years ago, delivered so powerful an appeal for tho cause: in which he was engaged 'that a poor.: woman .in the .; congregation was moved to flinginto.tha pulpit her pocket containing all,tho.money;she had withher, exclaiming,' There, there; take pooket j and all.' ■_ . • Pork was dining • with Frederic,' Prinoe of Wale's, and paid him so1 mauy' compliments, I that the Prince said to Kim I -wonder that I yon ahonld be bo complaisant to nio,'when you ;are so severe upon kings.' The poet replied: • It is because 1 like the lion before'-hisr claws [ are grown'.' . :: a ' That's a>tupid, brute of 'yours, John,'said aSaotohminister to his parishionorptha peat dealer, who drove his merchandise ffqaf'door to ! door in a Bmalt cart drawn by a donkey; • I mevor:see yon but tho creature; is braying.' :4Ah,: sir,' returned 'the peat dealer, 'ye ken . hearts warm whenfrien's meet !'.' ThbUb was a'great parade of, soldiers, and little Mary, aged. eight ye'iira, went to the door with t'er pbt dog Gyp, to see the prbceiHon move by. ,'Lika all little doge, Gyp wae eeucy and began to hark. Mary ran upstairs to her mother exclaiming, 1 Oh, mamma, come down stairs ; I'm afraid Gyp will bite the army." ' • Wohas is aver ready to sacrifice herself to savo man,' says . a Boston journal;'and the wufovi'Philadelphia Chronicle exolaims, .'..True, too true! Often she will do if with a keroiiue can in hastening bis breakfast.'. And what 'does man, the , ungrateful wrctqh, do ? He growls about the expense. . ; , ; ' I must say that I very muoh dislike this ostentatious furnishing? remarked: the* elderly Miss Pricgleas sho looked about heririthe new home.of the Spankiogtoncy Nowrlook at thit great elaborately framed mirror. ;I declare I can see notbiog beautiful iu it?< You Bboutdn't expect impossibilities. Hiss. Pringle/ remarked Fogg, the villain. • . - • : 7 Awold lady from a country town in theHigb lands being tak-nto Edinburgh, and'hearing modern singing in oburcb forfchejirafciime, wsj asked'by the lady who' took her tHore' what she thought of the music. It's verra boiinj— verra bonny; but, ob, my leddy/itVan kwful like way of spendiug the Sabbath?1 ' 'r— . . 'Oanit be true, Celeatine, that you are about to re-marry—you whom we all thought incon solable?' * Well, yes, my desr ; youseeheiia very eligible party, and, besides bo is decorated.' .'Batldon't see what that has to,do with Itf* ' Why, don't you know that my poor dead first . husband was crazy about the Legion of Honour, so I want to bring it into the family A wicxed boy got into a fightkwith his unole, and biting off his nose; swallowed it. He was . brought before tbe . police court, bis uncle appearing again&t; him. ? This.lit your nephew, is, hoP' asked the magistrate* 'I am sorry to say he is.' f t .think. Idetect some rcaemblanco,' said tbe judge... »Yei,' replied the uncle, mournfully, 4 he' has my noae.' . .:•? Whbn I was once in- danger from a liger/ said an old Eustlndiau veteran,.4 ! tridd; sitting down a How ( Perfectly ;. the tiger t me/i ' Strange ; very strange I; oHow/do you acoount for it ?' * Woll, sometinies I've thought it was because I sat down on.a highbranch of a very, tali tree;'. .. .y-- ■ Dxsi&l; Wbbstbb; wsib1 onoe dining'with a ■uobbiaU Bostonian, who had the'ill manners to boast of ; the quality,' age, and coatof his wine. ' He even-went' into -a' computation of the interest on tho cost, that had aocrued einco the purchase of the7 wiao.Webster' listened courtoDuely, and. when tho computation was ; ended be bold out* ;his glass - to -bis » host, and quietly remarked: '.Lot us stop thatiaccumula tiou of interest.' , . .,-7- .-ilv ' Am hotel keeper at one of our seaside resorts knowing thut a list of -his guests was " to be 'printed, said to an elderly lady amongstlhera : -^.Yourharao is to bo iu the paper, Sunday! Mrs. W.''Why,'she iqqa/red broafchleeslyy^what have I dona ?' . i Cau't' •' you • imagino f'-i he in quired, not unwilling to tease hor n little; 'Im sure I can't/ she returned very soberly', 'unless .it is for taking that orange off :tho table the other day?. . '\ A common type of persons aWth'osVwho will never;consent to* be 'ouldouo/on anyj ,stioj«ot._ One" of'; these marvel-mongers,' rolatds''a^ con temporary, talking to a friond at' a railway station tho other dny, when a very " Bipall- 01,11 Really f- his; companion carelessly 'rejoined. .Really ?. Tos, roally and truly- too.'-Ho you meau to say ihafcyou bavo over seen ssmiHer r said the triend; and; ho_ soon had<his?-answer. *:My dear lellow, I know a man so (small that if he has a pain he can't tell whether he; has a sore throat or a stomaohaohe.' 