MRS. BAEYERTZ IN CLARE. This evangelist commenced a fortnight's mission in Clare on Sunday, 19th February. The Town Hall was crowded, and the audience listened most attentively to the exposition of the New Birth. Arrangements had been made for holding the week-night meetings (with the exception of the men's meeting) in the Wesleyan Church, and the Saturday and Sunday services in the Hall. All the meetings have been well attended, and it is no exaggeration to say that never before has Clare been so thoroughly stirred on religious topics. The common talk on the streets has embraced such subjects as " The Sin against the Holy Ghost," " The Second Coming of Christ," and others, upon which the evangelist has discoursed; while many have been deeply agitated on the question, " Ought women to preach ?'•' It has been the old story over again of some doing the work and others qaerulously asking—" Why wasn't it done some other way?'' Deeper down, however, than any of these things, there was genuine work being done all the time. Not a meeting but had the seal of the Lord's approval. At first the work seemed to drag, and in the midday meetings there was solemn heartsearching to find the reason. At last, one day, the whole of the midday hour was spent on our knees. Sometimes there was silence, and again one and another would lead us to the throne. From that point the tide turned, and the blessing came more freely. We cannot refer to all the meetings in detail, but must speak of the first men's meeting. Mrs. Baeyertz speaks of this as the most wonderful meeting of the kind she has held. There must have been fully 400 men and lads present— men in shirtsleeves, and men in broadcloth, laborers, artizans, navvies, lawyers, doctor, clerks, publicans and sinners. The subject of discourse was " The rich man and Lazarus," and the awful testimony of the scriptures as to hell was most faithfully borne. We have not yet done reaping the results of that service. Men have been terribly shaken by it. Church members of long standing have come to confess that they are not saved, and many have fled from the wrath to come. At the final Sunday service the Town Hall was packed as it has never been before, and the discourse was on " The parable of the Ten Virgins." Many came to this service who had not attended any of the former meetings, and some found Christ. The visible results of all the meetings are about 120 conversions. We are sure however, that others have trusted Jesus who have given no sign, and that others will yet come. We are glad, indeed, of a lull in the firing, that we may go and gather up the wounded. Nor do the conversions represent all the good done. A lady, a member of the Wesleyan Church, drew Mrs. Baeyertz's attention to a knot of young men who were standing Bibles in hand, in one of the meetings, and said, " lit you had done nothing else in Clare than get these young men to study their Bibles it would have been worth your while coming." And increased love for, and understanding of the Word, is one of the most blessed results of the evangelist's work. Another result is that many now know how to deal with anxious souls who were before ignorant on the point. It has been most comforting and yet humbling to feel all through that the Lord was the worker, while all others were but instruments in Hi6 hand. At the testimony meeting on Tuesday, 7th March, over 50 testified to having found Christ during the mission. These, however, were only about half of the number of converts present. It was most melting to hear the treble of the little children alternating with the bass of full- grown men. The confessions came from business men and women, young men and women, and children. One woman confessed to having led a wicked life, but she was now changed. She had been a Catholic. A girl rose, and said, "I believe in Jesus with all my heart." One of the best-known of our business men testified that he believed in JeBus, and was saved. This friend —lest any should be in ignorance as to who the speaker was—coupled the confession with the mention of his name. In her farewell address Mrs. Baeyertz referred to anonymous letters which had come to hand, and replied to one which bore on woman's right to preach. We bless God that He sent our sister to Clare. We are now looking to Him to carry on the work still which he has began. And we magnify the grace which can give such power to His creatures as that, like Israel of old, they may have power with God and man, and may prevail. The Lord increase His goodness to His handmaid at her next sphere of labor 50 —Kapundaj, 9 