MARK TWAIN'S NEW VERSION di OF HAMLET. Access hasbeen had to the advanced sheets te f Mark Twain's new play, which' will be g irought out in New York some time during or he coming winter. It is not exactly a new nm day, but rather a version of Hamlet Ac- S ording to Twain's idea, Hamlet as it came in rom the pen of Shakspeare'was incomplete. de Cwain assumes that a manof Hamlet's melan* ti holy and eccentric temperament must of ne- d easty have had a younger brother in the p' amily of a more sprightly and sunny dspo. ition. Twain austains his theory in the fol. owing ingenious argument: We find in the History of England and Paris djewet, pages 4,11, 44 rvolome, the following tter from the King of Denmark to Tom Sayers, n old friend of his: Dear Tot.-These hair-stuffed boxing gloves .d foil came by ye Mark Lain Exprewe Mark .ae who ran the express company was a ditant mele of the authur--o.T.] ti good order, G.O.D. iamlet, my eldest eon, being of a taciturn and nelancholy disposition, takes very little stoe In a gloves, as a blow on ye nose only serres to creawe his melancholy. Thus I hate given ve 'loves to hilly, my second-born, who Is as livey] a a ricket on his piss and a torial lad withal, rho takes kindly to ye manly sport ofboxing. esterday be thumped his teacher most soundly u ye bugle, for wh:ch I -cearded him by giving m a ilver-mounted wusall-bowl filled to the Ippermost rim with good brown ale. If you usae your match with Crahbi let me know, and end a couple of tickets for seats pretty close to he ropes. If you want backing, the whole ex he?qer of Denmar and the sub-easury thruown Yours truly, CLr.AUoIs, Eo gorDfentas. From this historical scrap Mr. Clemens roceedl to reconstruct the pay, holdingwith to little show of reason that Shakepeare had to license, politial or otherwise, to give lamlet a prominence not accorded to his oanger brother. Twain continues: Other letters from the king to Sayera, now In my possraon, being kindly loaned bythe British tuseom, go to show that Shakupeaee had a udg, asralnt Billy, the yonuger brother, b1. aune wbhn 'Shakspeate sidled the palace of laudlue, Billy put an old casdle-nuffer~,li hakspeare's boot, afrilesome proceedtln which o Inensed the bard that he never forgave the Wung rascal. Persons who have hbd rcdle auffers plaeod in their boots can readily ap eelate.the' motives which governed the poet t naking no reference to BUlly In the play except there he appears tohim ' Like a mildewed ear 31sting his wholesome brother. The events at ieinore happened as I hare critten them. Shakspeare transposed' and !started the facts; and I cannot conetiousdly 11ow these gross historical- mistakes to pass un crrected In his revised version Twantakes liberties with the original text, which strongly remind me of lbouctanlt adapting a French drama or the American stage. In the first act, where Bernardo and Fran. daco indulge in m a colloquy on the platform along with Marcellus and Horatio, Williamn me min and sets up refreshments for the guards of a little black bottle, but refuse the tE two latter to have a second pull at the flask o after they begin to talk of the apparition, a on the grounds that he does not care to n. e1 courage so pronounced a case of delirum Ire. The guards then leave William to himself, and after they have disappeared he bursts I into an immoderate fit of laughter. lie then alips away, and in a side scene is represented dressing himself up in his father's armor and covering himself with some mosquito netting, i making up as a ghost. As soon as his ar. rangement. are complete he stalks in and frightens the wite out of Ikrnardo and Hora- t tio, making several tours out in the side scenes, where he goes to hide his merriment at the sunecess of his trick. t When Horatio is telling Hamlet of the ap- a parition William listens with his mouth wide open, apparently transfixed with fear, but t after they are gone, he turns to Hamlet with, t Hamlet. do you swallow all this? Don't you know all those fellows ate as crazy as htd bugs! I Do you s'poe the old man woall walk aroundl this?eastle with his armor on? What in theedruer does a ghost want of armorr? 11ides. a ghost ain't capable of packin' arnor around. Whv, tie lat few vears before dad died, he wasn't lisrdly able to waddle about in that one hundred and ten pound suit Don't you know, when he conme in frim that last drese parade, he said he'd be switched if he'd ever put the old brase topgs on again. Pshaw, old boy, have some seser. Tille GC.IIOsrT WALKING FCiCL In the fourth scene William gets himself up in line shape and rehearses the ghost walking scene' until lie is entirely satlstied with himself, while he indulges in the fol lowing soliloquy : Perbaps thii won't catch him. Oh, no' He'll think it the true business and no mi,sake. If I can get him about half crazy I can corral the girl. Blamed if he'd have far to go. In this scene Twain has followed the origi. I nal text pretty closely. The following ex tracts will give a general idea of his treat- . mnet of it : Itam- My fate cries out And makes carh p.ttv arery" in this bloty As barldy as the Nemean liont ' ntrOe- [Ghost itekons. Mtill I am eallkd. Unhand me, genlrmen. [IBreaklln from them. By heaven, Ill make a ghst of him that lets me; . I say away! - o on;I follow thee. W?-nlam-Oh; be's coming:? I'ove got him cranked already. The harrowing tale which William;, as the Ghost, unfolds,: runs in, this practical fashion: I am thy father's spirit. Doomed to an ever lasting smog aromnidthe circle, I could a table unfold that would lift your hat to the ceiling. .If there ever was a slickold fraud, yourunceleh I that man. The newspaper reports about my death were all wrong, althoughas near,right as all newspapermrepgrtsp Mountain. frevr got away wthl me. The miiadwho s' now'in my Political shoes damped an ounce of prusic acid n my ear and that did the business. I can tell a,` ?uamlet, that for a good, quick, reliable poison, ' cousider prusic add as unequalled.., I am wiling to furnish ttetimonials for t trade. The ghost then proceeds at considerable length to tell Hamlet what to do and how to get even with his uncle, interspersing his story with some sie sid epliting "asides," which are in' Twain's bet vein. Through the en tireplay the pranks of William are in-de ecrihably ludicrous, as he appears in the double role of ghost and adviser to lHamlet in the aash. When not masquerading with his materializing seances, he is going abonut with his brother trying to dianade him from doing anything rash, and telling hima what an in-unal_ fool hr~r'for taking any stock inI the aupernatural,- occasionally withdrawing to a quiet place to hold his aides and laugh, when his hilarity threatens to escape from his control His prime idea is to get even on his uncle and stepfather, for whom he has the most profound contempt; but when events thicken as the direct result of his pranks, he studies to undo his work, and on one occasion confesses the fraud and tries to get Hamlet to look at the armor and mosquito netting, but Hamlet only looks upon it as a dodge to dissuade him from his purpose and will listen to nothing. In the latter part of the play he sobers down and calmly allows events to to take their course. In the closingsoene he gazes upon the work of death and coolly orders "a bolt of black crape," while he an* nounces that his mourning will be wholesale. Some of the pasages are intensely funny, and in others the humor is forced, with a ten dency to slang ; but as a whale the innova. tion as very laughable, and the thing will no doubt attract large audiences wherever the piece is played.-Detroit Free Preis. 