[?] THEODORA VAIL. A STOBY, IN SIX OHAPTEBS. By JAKET CaiihOLL.: ? ; . (Concluded.) ' ?' -'? ? ? CHAPTER IV. . . ; IiODQINQB. . ' I f' pABBSTJiiliT counting the cost of every step, and weighing and balancing ; the expenditure and probable gain or loss of ' every venture, were new. experiences to Theodora u'Vaily but ehe shrank from nothing; when preparing for her self imnosed battle with the world: indeed she seemed . to court sordidness, and devoted ? many a spare ten minuteB to mean and minute calculations. She. had come from Mainhurat to Mel Tjourne, and taken- up her .residence in -quiet suburban lodgings— a: little cottage crammed in lightly between twopompous-. looking red brick struoturesj .and swearing on, its every post and paling) door and window, the garnish and vivid, cheap colouring that city, homes delight in ; but the geraniums arranged., eo neatly in the four-yard-square front garden in whioh two nude and attenuated poplars kept gentry, ereot and martial-looking, in either corner, the musk-scented clean window curtains and pretty, creeper of pale pasBion ' flower interlacing the frame of wood-work nt, tho Bunnv end of. the verandah, where a cage, full of tiny twittering canaries ' ? swung in its green shade* all made \- Theodora declare in its favour ; then too, it had only one other boarder, bo the advertisement said— and that was a recom mendation to her.; The air of homeliness that marked the outside of thei house pervaded its whole \- interior; and Theodora felt glad to rest her .journey-tired limbs on the little white draped bed inthe centre of her room. .Everything waB : unpretending, and inex pensive, withal so neat .and luxurious that -she felt quite' pleased with her selection: ?of a home. In the parlour was a sweetly-tuned Bord ' ipiano, at which 'she found herself : seated and playing in the. evening after her rest; She hod'never. played since the beginning, ?of her,- uncle's illness at Gurra, and it augured well .that she could do this now onthefirst'day of her' arrival in her new home. Bnt one' piece touched her. and revived the old feeling — it had ? always stirred her in the old 'days,;. had always' given birth to the restlessness whioh had been her greatest trouble, a 'I Bhould not'-have., played that,' she odd with a tearful smile. She would not' let' the weakness come, Irat hurriedly, broke into, a. lively valge Belore maaybars were played a heavy shadow before the window made the grey evening shades, in the room' grow sud denly deheer, ahd'Theodora turned her head with the feelUts that someone was standimt there. 'I beg yonr' pardon, but will you play, (hat delightful morceau over again ?'* She did not'leel afraid or sujpriBed. She did not oekheraelf who it was, but, feeling the«abtle seonrityof the ; friendship and kinship ol' a nature'' so sympathetic .that' it ! required to herthat,-her lavouriteoveragaio «he played. A sweet . dreamy opening sog .gestive to' the listener of a balmy evening between the lights;- when the birds hre silent *nd only the soft breeze rustling among the \- sflowera with the tinkle : and bubble of ' a distant streamlet to be heard; at times 'be 't'weenthe raudontftwitters'of * sleepy nest ling— softer and'sweO'er; it grew till the 'deUeloasly restiol feeling oreepingover the 'lenses is suddenly pained and, alarmed by (the mournful cadenoesand dirge-like f sad «ess that Buoowded. , A weirdness ot Bonnd, ' *? though it 'werrtha subdued breathing of a \- doomed soul, sedmedto fill the little Shaded' aoom, and theblaok-robedghfi with tbe taint light from the window falling on her white iaes and ; illumined eyes; wove with -deft fingers every imaginary detail of the respec tive pictures— ealm, happy evening, and felaek, gloomy night. It was realiBtic sound fainting. ? . ? Therewas silence of a few moments after thelaat note,, and Theodora, her .tired hands; fallen to her ;lip, was only remembering that fthera mis someone In the room who had «cked hot to play, whenllie man, advancing from, the shadow, strnok amatoh and applied it to the gasalier. . Standing , under its brightness th'ey looked.at eachotber— ' She is a lady,, an artiste, with the faoeol a seraph, and the touch ot»Moz»rl,'he thought. ... And she/ looking at, the* tall,- , spare1 form *nd refined old'lacej'said'to herself : 'What anioe, clever 'old gentleman I A foreigner? andlond : oi musia. ', Mrs, Sandal's other fcoarder, I suppose.' ' ; ,7 ; ? . V . By what ' ap'eelea.ol mental arithmetic . people eah thas saa^'eaoh other up - is as y et \- unknown to tbe educated 'world— It is hot1 \- season or loglo, it is simply intuition. The aoquaintanoeshlp began under such peoullar «UouiaBtanee»ol time' ttAdoseMion became one of the nooessary acoompanimenta of Theodora's after-life. Mr. 'Bostin wbb, he would h'imBelf say, a citizen ol the world; be had lived every where,, but had no particular nationality, having been born of EnRlish father and Polish mother in F/ancu. 'With- him, it he bad any leaning, Franco was la patric. Clever, ednoated and a tt.orough Bohemian in taste and habits, he had been all over the beaten traoks in the old world, and spent , many years both in the United States and South. Amerlaa, While youth and wealth lasted, it was very enjoyable, he told her one day— 'but now in my old age here am I, poor and triondleas, living in this way, and employed like every sixteen-year-old jaok 1 anop'os in counting tip figures. What matter ?for' me,. I have seen, all, I am oldl But you, dear Mies Vail, with your attain ments'. and that sweet ainainu bird in vonr throat, and— shall I make you vain P that laee like an angel's ; yon muat make .no mistake with your life. Tell me why yon are here.' 'Because I am poor and friendless,-' she answered. 'Not friendless, now. I too have no friends, not one in the world; then let ub , be friends to each other, wo will help each ; other. You lmvethe gift of song, I have tho appreciation of it, and the knowledge of its patrons, and purchasers, and I' also, have the ventureeomeness to bring your musio to their counters.' 'Mr. Eostin you are going to be the protector and friend I- want 1 I had made up my mind to do aa you say, to turn my voice to account, but I did not know how to begin— what to do. Surely it was fate that sent me here.' 'Ton say you same here because it looked home-like and pretty — ah, my dear child, it had not these recommendations when I came, it had no attractions to' offer me, but its cheapness and quiet. A few igeraniums and plants, the oonarieB, and a little advice to Mrs. Sandal anent the window draperies eto„ did the rest; so . I was the fate that brought you here young lady.' . Theodora looked round the little parlour .'with its bright firp, tiny glittering tea table, and cosily' drawn blinds, then at the refined old face, with its thin grey hair, aud bright dark eyes, and smiled, i ' Beally Mr. Bostin it is so. Your love of the beautiful evinced in those arrangements | attracted me, but we are balanced for my playing brought you to me.' ' Your playing, yea, but I had not heard i yon sing, MisB Dark Eyes. You have a fortune' in vour voice 1' His face lighted up and his utteranoe grew rapid in his en thusiasm, as he continued: 'Let me tell you how you obu make it. Madame Lornely takes pnpils, only suoh aB yen, that want but her. magic touch to make them stars in the music world on their first appeeranoe. I have still a tew,aoqnaintanoes in the higher circles, I will court their favour, and, at the proper time, through their influence, you will be introduced to the great million-mouthed Argus-eyed publio. ' It is like an insatiable monster ever crying out for new food whioh it seldom eats— only tastes and throws nway for a newer morsel ; it is fastidious — murderously so— but you could not pall on the taste even ol suoh a dragon as tbe olty publio.': : Theodora's days were well occupied now. . ' I am sharpening my weapons,' Bbe used to say to herselt aB. she sang in Madame Iioinely's rooms or accompanied herself on the little piano in Mrs. Randal's parlour. She would Bit or walk about in her room for hours, too, with a deep wrinkle across her white forehead, tbe dark, eager ey eB search ing intently the pages of composition of s ome of the great master minds of the age— for she possessed the ^ift of elocution in a marked degree, and this, too, she meant to be a source of bred-winnimr. . In the evening she would sing, play, or read to her friend and Mr.. Bostin, hia .sensitive ear quick to note the rapid tendenoy to almost perfection of sound and utterance in the girl's singing and decla mation, and was delighted with her pro gress. ' I will'not read, I will recite it with the proper accompaniments of gesture,' she' would say j a book is ds .trop, I am not half satisfied with myself when I read.' The calm, inspired face, -with its depth ioDo «-„»a anrl t.Vifi uracsfnl life-like action that almost told the poet's tale without the words, and these, given with thrilling pathos in a richly-modulated-and musical voice. It was a Bight that men and women having once seeh would pioture and dream of for years after, bo Mr., Eostin told himself. . , ; ' Miss 'Vail, your singing is heavenly, but your declamatory powerB will, I think, avail you more in the eyes of the world. But you are too eameBt, too real. See, there are tears in my eyes, and I in my single self represent tnousanas; ior now. ever different in degree of feeling, all take common ground in responding to poetry— and living poetry like that.' Her eyes dilated with pleasure. ' Are you sure you are not over-estimating meP Mind, the test is near j I am to appear on the 13th, and I am almoat penniless. Madame Lornely and Mrs. Eandal between them have taken all my money with the exception of the cost of those drtBses that you said I must b»y. Ah, Mr. Eostin, if I should fail !' ' I do not fear for you.' On the night of the 13th a new cantf trice was advertised to appear, and Melbourne theatre-goers flooked eagerly to hear- her. No one knew her but by repute. It]was said she had a lovely face to match 1 uJ- „nina an thav Axneotod an gvg and ear triat combined. When she came before them they were notdisappointed— a slender girl, dark-eyed, and spirituelle, bat nervous. Her appearsnoe j uBtified all. that had been 'said of her. but this nervousness ?pill tell against : lier» thoy dooid©. , Quietly patiently they waited -for the first note, with a dead-white face and terror-strained ey es jshe looked once round the house, then made ayx almost superhuman effort, but the singing bird . in her throat was. dumb j the over tension on her nervous, sensitive nature had killed it, and yitliout ? one sound— for she would not sing discordantly — she howed her head gravely and left the gtftgo* ' : No use for the manager to rail and scold, | no use for poor chagrined Mr. Eostin to coax and urge. They might send her back before those expectant, merciless hundreds of faces, but she-could not sing, she said. She could not/ She never sang again; for the notes of the upper register never came baisk to her. , . ' Theodora Vail lay for many weelfS in her little room at Mrs. Eandal' s, ill of brajp. fever. Thus had culminated all her anxiety, alj her ambitious dreamB, and all her toils. ' ' ' CHAPTER .V. , A Ii'OBDBE DO JODB. Afteb tbe burniDg fever had left her and the days ot retnrnln'g ' convalescence .suc ceeded; Theodora would, lie and think it all over— her childhood' with her young mother, he* father's grave, Willie's going away, East Gtiira days when life in her bush home had been so beautilul ; that drive with her unole wheB be had asked hex opinion Mid tdvioe; what she had said and bow be came home ailing and hopeless, and how she had seen him die. They had all died, her mother, father, Willie, and uncle ; and she asked herself bitterly why she was leit. Then the pioture ol that night ai she stood before the sea of (aces in the theatre with her destiny slipping through her trembling fingers aud tbe voice mute in her throat ; it would recur again and again with vivid diatinotneis, and it had a peculiarly stimulating effect upon ber. ' If I only oould have sung, bow they would have cheered and clapped, and gone home raving of me. They will do it yet,' she would say, with tbe old flash of resolve in her eyes, ' I will get strong quickly, and Mr. Bostin muBt not help me this time, I want to fight my battle by myself aa I said at Qurra I would. I must never be weak again or let myself fail.' And as eaoh day brought her back physical strength, it did not lessen the resolution in her. One day, when the sun warmed the. cottage with his soft rayB, and the little canaries twittered merrily in their corner, Theodora olosed the little gate on them; and with subdued anticipation in her eyes., and a suspicious fold round her mouth which meant resolution, she went by her self to seek what she wanted. ? Old' Mr. EoBtin was away in Mb office, and no one else in the world knew or corea to know of her errand. Yea, there was Bessie, she remembered compunctiouslyl ' If I am unsuccessful, I will advertise lor her — no I will not, Bhe ia bo warm hearted, poor ohild, it would only grieve her. No I will be utterly friendless and penniless if this mission be unsuccessful dub on, l trust x win do spared onotner humiliation, I could not survive it,' she whispered to herself, as she went hurriedly on her way through the crowded streets, noticing no one and nothing. Though beauty and grace could be found on every side, many a wondering look folkwed tbo tall slender girl; for Theodora Vail if a living poem of beauty in her bush loneli ness and bush surroundingB lost none of it in the city j she had a distinguS air, and. the poetic beauty of her eyes and face had become, if anything more marked and refined of late. In the evening she walked back through the Borne streets and in the same tnought rapt manner, but this time there was a happy, satisfied look in her eyes, and the tips were releaBed;from their erst hard 'set ting and were folded into their natural sweet but serious ourving. She had been euceas lul in ber negotiations with the theatre manager, and was to give her first reading in the oontse of a month—' perhaps sooner,' ho said. ' I will try and arrange for you 10 come on bb soon as tbis pieca is ofi the boards. Could you be ready in two weeka ? New she could tell her old friend, and how he would rejoioe with her inher hopes of fame and independence. 'For oi course I will be a suocess,' she said. Mr. Boslin endorsed her words in his half foreign sanguine way. « Of oonrse you will bs a auooeea, you would not disappoint the ogre again, wby, it would tear you to pieoes. Becitations and readings are Vordre dujour — everybody will go to hear you, and .lew will reougniee tbe little bird that oould sing, but wouldn't sing for them. ThiB time you will appear under yonr own name you. say, I am glad it iB bo, and I am all eagerness to Witness your triumph, my little Ser^eyed girl ol strong will and independent Bpitit.' Bessie came one morning when Theodora was rehearsing, and waited in the little cottage parlour. Waited 1 running to the gate to look out, talking to the oanariea, trying .the piano, suoh a whirl oi restleBB expectation she was. Oh, my, own Pansy, to think ol your living in a poky little plaoe like this after Gurra; and your having been ill, and, worse than all, there is your name all over tbe newspapers, and stuck np on bills; that's how we found you out, Papa, Dave, and I.. It was suoh work 1 I never oould have done it, only for Dave; and be wanted to wait and see you so muab, but I wouldn't let him.' SeeinR Theodora's blankneBS. 'Oh, I forgot I I am to be married, you know, next month, or sooner, if I like, and it will be sooner now that I've found you, Pansy. Dave has taken ' a house in St. TTiUo . and wfi will all live together — it will oe glorious ! Oh, Pansy, don't smile in ihat way, as though you tbiuk I am talking aonBenBe j it looks as if you humour me in that grand, superior way you've got.' _ , And Theodora bad to kiss the fair, pouting faoe,.and explain that Bhe under stood that it was all thorough earnestncsB —but wasn't Dave.to be consulted t '0£ course, ! consulted him long ago, and we agreed- that we would wait till we found you, for I knew you would keep your promise, and I wouldn't be married unless you were with me, Pansy.' . 'Dave' was David Campion, a young lawyer whom legal business with Lawyer Bruce had sent on a trip from Melbourne to Mainhurst. He at once succumbed to Bessie's charms, and an immediate engager ment was enterea into, ner veuisuuo notionB regarding her lost friend alter nately annoyed and amused Mr. Campion, but he warmly appreciated the sweet kind ness of her nature that gave birth to them. The night came again for Theodora Vail fo stand under the gaslight before tbe eager-eyed multitude. She bore herself with graceful courage, and her calm, en thusiagtio face added bo much reality to her translation tjiafc she carried every sense and feeling -ittf her, every, single nAruo in the hundreds of bodies'before her thrilled ond responded to the magnetism of her voice and power. Utter silence followed her exit, then one involuntary and simultaneous ' Bravo I' broke from every throat. She must come before them again. . They thundered for her reap pearance. She oamo, not smiling and kiesing h.e? hand as one of the profession always responds tp a recall, in the falla cious belief that thus only can ehe testify her appreciation of the honOhr j b;;t calmly and steadily, with the same look of impassioned vehemence still on her face | and shadowing her eyeB, she came, all un smilingf ana cent ner neaa m uuiteiy response. Thia was unexpected, and fillet of a moment followed ; then they understood and pronounced it' capital I Splendid ! She had never lost her identity, smiling, bending, and band- kissing, would have nn. linked her from her o»Bt. In her Btrangely pathetiri way she had thrilled and awakened their deepeBt feeling by her rendering of one ol tbe wildost and most tiagio poems in our language, and suoh a ohsnge of expret- 1 giou end demeanour woqld have made the feulinge of even the least susoeptible recoil and fall baok to their tonftei, Naturally we incline to the pleaaant, and it is often a wondroua relief to see a gloomy tragedy queen who has laboured through the terrors and trials ot three long acts, reappear with dippling face and beaming eyeB. We are glad to find tfcat phe has put ell her woes somewhere behind the eoenes, at the same time, it takes the ffrandc /inafc off her work, ?nd adds abroad dash ol larce, spoiling the most realisllo tragedy, ghe had lought her battle, as ehe bad aaid at Qurr» sbp wonld, and oonquered ; and with every new evidence | oi ber lame, with every fresh ovation, «be r ? felt herself conceive newer and higher am bitions ; an unsatisfied oraviog for fuller, scope and newer fields, took pohaeation of her. It was inborn in ber, this hunger for something, she conld give it no name ; ehe oared nothing that her name was on every tongue and always mentioned with respect and admiration, though Bbe felt pleased that she had seoured independence ol livelihood by her talents. Bhe. had felt this dissatisfaction with herself at Gurra ', her nnole had always accounted for it by over-Btndy and incongruous reading, she had herself thought it arose from want of pur pose from inaotioh and that occupation would be its cure; yet, here it was again. . One day while reading oarelessly, these words caught her attention : ' While fame etanda by us all alone she is au angel ol»d in light and strength^ but when' love tonobes her Bhe dropB her 'sword ond lades away ghost-like Bnd ashamed.' ' I wonder if it ; will be so with me,' Bhe said. Bessie-was married a few weeks alter that day ol finding her' friend in Mrs. Bandal's oottage, and Tboodora yielding to their .per sistent nrgings took up her abode with' Mr. and Mrs. David Campion in their new home. BeBsie was so proud ol her lriend's suo eeSBea and delighted in her new matronly honours beoauae Bbe could be ot Bome servioe to her as cha/perone. The young people always went Witn her when she gave a reading, and with these vigilant guardians, and old Mr. Eostin who never tailed to be at tbe door waiting her arrival, few or none could approach. They said of her that ehe was proud, reserved, and held herself too much aloof, euch unsociability would ha a clop on her new refutation. she wo old never become a favourite, Thoedora did not kiow — Bhe had had few associates inher life at home, and now she desired f^wer; though Bhe was kindly and gracious to those who had the good fortune to come within the oirole of her guard of honour, and make her acquaint ance. ' Pansy likes people, or she doesn't like them,' Mtb'. Campion said in her delioi oualy explioit way to her husband, when he was receiving his instructions, 'so jnst introduce a few of the sort that Bbe will like, and let Mr. Eostin piok them, he knows better than you.' One night near the end of her engage ment, Bessie could not coine asusual, for a telegram had come from Hugh' Campion, Dave's brother, whe owned a email' stock station in Queensland, . saying he waB coming to Melbourne, he would arrive that night with a friend, and as be was anxious to see his new sieter- in-law, he ' would go straight to St. Kilda. BesBie decided that Dave must cBcort Theodora, and Bhe would Btay at home for this abrupt eelf-invited brother-in-law, who had the reputation of being the moBt reokless horse- breaker, and wildest bush-rider . for miles around his interior Queensland home. ' If your brother doesn't look a.Goth, and comeB early, I'll take him arid his friend to hear Theodora, bo secure our old seats i£ you can, Dave.' OHAPTEE VI. The houae was crammed, and Theodora looked at the packed rows , of faces he'fore her, a quiet, steady look over the house, np to BesBie'a place. Bessie alwajB expected that look, and w' ited for it j ehe told the gentlemen' eo, and they, too, watched and waited. Dave's brother was much like him in appearance, only sunburnt and more strongly built. _ Mr. Eoatin was thero, and Dave sitting beside Bessie; but Theodora's glanoe swept over and past them, resting steadily on Hugh's Queensland friend who, at that instant was standing 'straight and tall behind Bessie. She did not mean to look at him more than at the others; it was usual for her to look there at Bessie, and, knowing the visitors were with her, she naturally loosea ior mem, nuu, um, i™» ing,'8he saw only one face. A dark, proud face' with long, drooping moustache ; eyes large, dark, and haughtily inquisitive met that flash from hers. Eyes are not conventional, they wait for no introduotionj but flash out recognitions broadcast, and acknowledge kinships with beings whose names may never be known. So it iB said of them. With her usual earnestness and en thusiasm, ' Theodora gave her reading. Everything was just the samo— Bessie was before her, beaming and smiling ; Mr Eoatin, with kind encouragement and fatherly interest, watched as was his wont; all the hundreds of hungry-eyed, expectant facea were as usual, but she cared nothing for them. That ene face that looked down at her over BeBsie'sfair head stirred her, and she wanted to look up again. rthniKnnt- to this unusual prompting, she did bo. Once, in a quiet, thrilling pause, when a pulseless silence was through' and all over the houBe, Bhe Bwept an upward glonce'to the dark face that watohed her like the others— still and oxpeotant, but with aroused energy and interest in those proudly-drooped eyes. _ , Daring tho interval he listened. He knew Mrs. Campion would talk, and that Hugh would ask her questions. 'Yes, her real name is i'neoaora van. , Theodora is too stiff and heathenish a . name for me, so I call , her Pansy. Her unclc alwaya called her bo, on aocount of her eyes.' . . .. ... He smiled approvingly under his long mouBtaobe as he remembered, the velvety, softnesB ond dark purple colouring whioh' that upward glanoe showed, and deoided that they 'ivere the moat wonderful eyes that he bad ever seen, ' Pale, save for a faint tinge that excite ment had worked, into her cheeks,, and standing beBide Bessie aa Bhrinkiugly and shyly modest aB though no crowd of men and women had just hung breathlessly on, every word, as it left her-lips, Maurice. Sutherland met her on the stairs' in the j glare of the gaslight. . Dave Campion introduced them : ' My brother, a wild Queensiana settler, . Pansy, come here for a taste of civilisation, and this is Hugh's friend, Mr. Sutherland, also from Queensland,' and on buBiness'in Melbourne.' , . They did not say much to eaoh other ? gyea . bad enqugh, a^d Theodora knew by' the indefinable pensatipn that took possesBiqn of her, mjnd . ajyl' body, that this waB 'the'man she was to love. Bessie, alwayB amiable and kind, made the visit so agreeable that Hugh and bis friend stayed longer than they at first intended. Maurice Sutherland Btayed because he was learning to 'love tlis gifted, dark-eyed girl, who could talk witii him bo earnestly a^d .deeply'; and^'ks he said to his friend, '^t's a' new thing to'flnd a girl that can talk j' or, if' he asked tor music, could play his senses into transport. By her impassioned voice and solemn presence she could hold thousands spell bound. yet not a merry joke of Beaaie'g ever fell through for want o(f help frgm Tijecidoraj she; was evef ready to enter into ' every amusement however trifling, and lehd her smiling aid in entertaining. Bar, happy laugh at - JJugh't! racy 'bush stories was » treat to Beiiie« Qngb's were nob stories l ' 1 Hundreds of them and given with ludicrous imitations and Bpioe-shikiDgs ol oomical ilang expressions. He was tbe pet ol the house, and could extend hia brawny length on the beat couches, and bury biB sun burned faoe among Bessie's prize ouahions— even was at times found with heels on the ffindow-sill, smoking his long pipe in th drawing-room, where Dave's daintlo^ cigarettes had been forbidden. Mr. Boeti t spent many evenings with them ; when hn oame be always took possession ol Theodorao she shonld poor bis tea out for bim, too, The old.man liked to see the slender hands, fixing tbe cups and waiting on bim,. it reminded bim ol tbe days at MrB. Randal' where she learned bis tea peculiarities. Everything was so different with Theo. dora that ehe often 'wondered if she could really be the same girl of the Gurra days and the anxious student ol ? that advont forerunning the night ol woelul failure. one always tnougm oi it wnen air. nosiin oame, bnt he would never let her speak ol it. The last night ol her' appearsnoe came, and lor this night Mauriae' Sutherland waited. Bessie told Theodora all Bbe; could glean from Dave and Hugh oi him and his life. In the privaoy of her room, Theodora, brush ing ber long gold-brown ' bair, listened to Bessie, who' sewed busily aa ehe talked, tongue and needle keeping a dead heat. : ' Hugh baa known him four years, all the time they've been together in Queens land. Hugh thinks bim a fine folloiv. He was jilted by a cousin at home : be was to have been married to the girl when he was twenty-one, but Bhe married someone else, and Hugh Bays he has never Bpobeh a dozen times to any one woman ainoe, and that's fifteen years ago — ol course, I mean till now, Pansy. I naeBsed there was something llike tbat In his life ; he wouldn't be soolever and oyoioal, if he hadn't hated women aud taken to studying. Don't get so red, dear, you needn't pare about tbe cousin, tbat was snob a long time ago.' ; 'I'm not thinking about the couBin', Bessie, I'm thinking how lonely it will be for me, ior all of us, when they go away, and that will be to-morrow.' ; 'Oh, Pansy, you're not thinking; of poor Hugh at all, nor ot our loneliness, that's alt sham, yon are thinking only ol that dark satnrnine-loohing king ol yours, isn't it 80?' The blushes deepened, and she brushed ber heir the other way to bide them, as she weakly answered, ' Yes.' ' Pansy, dear, I don't think yon quite understand the sort ol man he is. Your ambitions would have to give way altogether to biB dreadlul pride ond he holds Buoh ntrange notion b and prejudieeBj wby, dear, lie is fall ol laulte — ' ' isasBio, aon t. ne nas none to me. The king oan do no wrong 1' As ho folded the white woollen wrap round' her bead and shoulders bb they stood for the last time under tbe gaslight of the stage stairway, Manrice Sutherland looked down at her sweet young lace and dark npraieed eyes and felt that he oould not go without telling her. He stooped, his long moustaohe brushing the' bright bair on her forehead, and whispered : ' Theadora, could you leave this tor me ?' ' For you, Manrioe, yes.' ' And, think well, darling, would yon ever regret it?' The glowing faoe in its'fieeoy cowl was laid eoitly againBt his ooat- eleoye._ ' No, beoauae I love you, Mauriae.' i Nestled in her lover's arms and listening to biB low voice and ovowals of love tbe felt all her restless lonRinftB and eager ambitions. vanish iuto ambient air, t-nd tbe words she had read came before her mind in the midst of her happy thoughts, loroing themselves, as it wero, on her recognition. ' Listen, Maurioe, ' I read these words weeks ago and ? wondered if they oould be trrie, now I know they are, ? While lame stands by ns all alone she is an angel clad in light and strength, but when love touohes her she drops ber sword and fades away ghoBt-like and' ashamed.' ' 