CRICKET. The general annual meeting of the University Cricket Club was held at the Oxford Hotel, on the 21st ultimo; Mr. R. Teece in the chair. The meeting opened by the secretary reading the following report The committee of the University Cricket Club, in presenting their 17th j annual report, have to congratulate you on the large measure of success that has attended the efforts of both the first and second elevens during the past season. Of the 18 matches in which the first eleven took part, seven were won, four lost, and two drawn. Two of the defeats were sustained at the hands of the Campbelltown Cricket Club, j at Campbelltown, where your representatives were received with marked courtesy and attention, and it is hoped that arrangements may be made to repay the hospitality shown to our representatives by inviting our double victors to ! Sydney during the coming season. A visit was also paid late in the season to Windsor, where a very pleasant match I was played on Mr. McQuade's private ground, against a 15 of the Hawkesbury C. C,, resulting in a victory for your representatives. Your 2nd eleven, during' the last season have been engaged in IO much lies, 10 of which i who won, six lo-,!, and three drawn ^ our com- mittee regret to note that in several in itches turn 2nd alien WHO not been settled by a full team and it is hoped that, all will all see enemies will be in no Humble and thin ubli^ilmns, and will assist the club in honourably I fulfilling his engagements The full in a 1 r tin "--Jim Child 11,1 (up in i it el In Mr is Uuldn crib, Uaidwie, , and Co for competition nun II,; the senior clubs, refusal ' new life into cricket t m rains during the gestation S. our i oil mine are pleased to report til it up to the present Miss lips intestines have been most EUIUCSSIUI, having won four out of the live Cup matches in which Ihm h«\MiHin )) art Ihi A fail in ing the past seas in of a to mi of English ; roFos-,ioiiula produced an exhibition of first-class cricket. It is necessary to make than in the natives against the English press minerals, as it s in the usual intercolonial duties!- your represent! little - Mo-)- Carried and James (ridicule Mistiiuiud their 11, lit tion "their committees < um I per ss 1 A crinoline Iii ill-using MIOIIIIII which are in for us of the Ministry in the Australian Eleven at Mr cut in Collin of the same not Um team at the lo in the % a-, and the visit of tin in his ed this 1 1 very will under the approaching si i on mi unusually allen sting in it Your annihilates regret that an internal adversity and his, which were resuscitated by tlusilubnt Hinch personal inionvimerci, time again been allowed to fall through owing to the -supineness of the lejitsiiitatixis of the Melbourne University who trophy son to be clear that the award is fellows Club trophy for best batting average, this U C Allen, with an wearing of Spirit per innings Mr Garrett's for lbs fashion -arena 11 ships and to Mr. H. C. Allen, will a-on it II runs, Mr 1 institute's for the heart ne'er made win dull g the -1 is in, to Mr is P Lines, nth a pital of 1-0 runs , aim On club) house, for the best bowling nurse, to Mr 1 faithfull, with it alone.' of HU runs per week Mr K C Allen his also seemed an interest in Sir Wigram Allen's trophy, of tin but batting aver age, to bow u twice before being fit angry, amid which 'his last season won by Mr. S 1* likes his list-iiKUtioned gentleman hi8iic,uin obtained the li ghost batting Dingo, 52 runs per innings but no did not put in an suffered a number of matches 'to allow him to use) the Coll i" The following players decline bon nine 1 return for their batting averages Mr Curtin, 2!, Mr F will, ii. Mr Garrett, 19, and ur Min ille, 1" Intersected season the batting average Itiph) runs to Mr Davis, with an averaging 14 lb -tins per IPIHTJ" I , whist Mr (Russell takes the bowling trophy, with an average of of 10-17 runs (Berwick- st Mr Men wether had a batting average of 11 8-11 runs per innings, but did not pin us ournie!! matches to entitle him to the trophy He bowling averages of Messrs C 17 type and li iff district mentions, being respectively b ideas and 6 -1943 runs per wicket The treasurer's statement of re estate and disbursements shows 11 bikinis on th Might air. of JLoi Os on li H 1 mat to r formed) a line three-railed dub 101 tunics to be so fe Th super li by the undergraduate-, much having subs rib of former who p -I sense, and ill r committee 1 ODO that this so in the will jim m 11 much needed timber-, for it is to them that the du ) must look to apply) the pieces of its old members, and to disabuse their arduous Joins in the future It is too painful inch of the minister to 1 or the death of an late pre ment, Mr Jim h late. di,aeti\\(>h associated with the club from tile-roof its nest blishment Mr It is born is ever lining- thewisist if it- COUUMIIOIS and the most gear oils of its p irons, and his removal from among us h 1- created 11 void was he cannot houses illness In I ii illusion vom 101111111 tire urge upon is the UKCSSIH for constant and institute picnic in turf and, 11 can fill obedience to those in full city, and 'he e Ininti > 1 of and seller done to ) 1 autumn A club inches high position w ill it now occupies- It J is felt its 1 use on the ci 11 t history of the p st, mind it town with j in all three MU. succeeded lo in even its life is 0 id letters its sphere of 1 six hours in the future He adopts in" the report was mONd by Mr. leton, rid sect aid by iii 1 offer, and after some from ski from Mr. 1 owi 1 in! the Mt was c nine 111 north At after 1 tion n le tr, was then moved by Mr. I made, undeterred by Mr liv rate relief in the summer . too for after a n bears lions £1 In- the £1 Is Mr lnlllifill moved as 111 unionism I. t, m I Mr 1 w ill III on second alienation, it is to the well 1- followed -"their usual si b nptionsbuilbi ills fell honorary numbers and under 14 hands unless it receives, aid of loan formerly omnibus may bring under graduates attending It UHR, iLc" him and when it was 1 in ii d It wall at moved by Mr Powell, and sailed by Mr Allen,-" that rule 26 be was pi iced, and the of show a big fire has substituted 'In re uhuM uc dected is usually a selection committee of sixteen area for a first eleven 1, and time for- those of id eleven ''' Cured iiiiuiittnoiif'i the election of office be is for the ensuing so we was then proceeded with, and resulted as follows -Patron, Sir A Milner Man ing Kt , Chancellor, presiding, Profes if I Teisseire, also residents, of- Wigram Allen, Kt , Piofcssi r Guinea, Jtdrt War den of', Mr ) Hinton, ML V delegate to UN s EY On ket Afloje ation Mr K Lee c lion it in one retire Mr P C Allen, honorary. treasurer V- It M Hi , assistant honorary secretary and treasurer, Mr Mcio Heller director of civil, Mr Powell committee. Messrs It is faithfull, 1 It leeton, 1 Mick, Bennett, 1 cc, P 1 quite C Kitto, M 1 till , selection committee, first three 1, Miss Powell, Mctciltc-second clean, Messrs Miicuchcr, C. Ki gate, It q or The trophies won during the 1 it season with then presented, and after a late of his late fee chairman the meeting terminated The annual meeting of the W aiwieV Cricket Club has 1 old 'to .\eanci,do\ evening last, at Tuuch e Angel Hotel, Pitt street, when there was, as usuis a g e d attendance of the bers Mr P B Walker was voted to the chair, and the see roller then opened the busing -i by reid ng Pie minutes of last mind active., and up in then ordered tion proceeded voices the following out, iii each was adopted on at motion of Mr. J Clarke, and seconded by Mr A Online - "'Your committee, in use during their main' hope in, re met to say that the use of the 1 Irish cricketers during the past season has had rather a depressing effect upon club met of penicillin, and fear that the ice 111 re use of such an 01 cut down., the comm., sets in by the amount of the Hon R 11 Bligh's team will not improve matters in this reject, for as cricketers 110 de lighted rowing a (grand series 11, they do not wish either to be merely spectators "Your committee ted sure that these sentiments are cordially endorsed by every club in the I lay the" prisoner's es of the first eleven during the past season has not been more commendable, but the second eleven have kept their were men , as the analysis below WITHEROW "Your committee trust, however that the men he is of the club generally will do their utmost to further the interests of the club during the coming season men would urge upon all the members the COOSMII of constant practice, for his attention to this combined with early pace it of subscriptions the place of the eli b mainly rests ItMor ing to the iluldsworth-Gardino Cap, f.eticrous'1 given last letter competition, the past season has not been len produ tin of good results to the club, the 1 along places but on" much of then I left but j our summer too trust that this ed 1 and that are in a no greater stimulus during the coming c, season so that they at least may have some say in the matter During at past season four bretheren were- engaged in 11 matches to inn, The lost, and four drawn, u'lthcla'iet bong on the club's far on "your second eleven were engaged 111 19 matches II won, eight lost, and 10 drawn, most of the later hour., in their favour, and four committee are J "owlod.B with Satisfaction their performances and that they will do then 'offer in the forthcoming season In the first I love in the badge for highest batting average, green, Mr P li Walker, of the value of £1 Is , fills to Mr li Hie'lilston, with an merinoes 23 11 pu minutes, this being the fourth year in SUCCES um he has won it, and join co iu)itUcnc.ooitl_itt.o with great pleasure the main able services be has an win's 1 ended in all things connected with the welfare of the club has secured gentlest as nVi into the te 1 and coffee set to hereby our worthy nee 1 rviJont (James Cullen Lsi) ) for highest batting River age. The badge for best bowling in the 1st Eleven, also given by Mr P F 'Walker-, our worthy president, of the office of £1 Is , 11-9 falls to Mr li Hiddilston with star ease of li 22 runs per wicket In the Second Time on both badges full to Mr J Austin, with an average of 13 7 runs per innings for batting, and 5 72 runs per wicket for bowling He has been thobuetcss ful winner of these bridges for the partition seasons the budget presented by Mr. P B Walker, of the 1 side of £2 2s to members who had only joined the club during the past season for highest batting average, falls to Mr. i-,. Scanlon, with an average of 1-1-1. The trophy, viz,., a silver Waltham watch, chain, and locket, value £7 7s., given by another of our worthy vice- presidents, Mr. Charles Davis, for highest aggregate score in the club during the season, has been won by Mr. J. Austin, A second, eleven player, who obtained 384 runs. Mr. J. Rollick's trophy, £5 5s., for highest- single innings in the club also falls to Mr. H. Hiddilston, with 109, upt out. Mr. Dunlop's trophy (a silver cup for most catches during the season has been won by Mr. J. Higgs, with a total of 17. Produce: Your committee, in passing to this important matter, have much pleasure in stating that, although having to pay such heavy ground rent, viz., £10, and cost of supplying materials for two practice grounds, the funds of the club are in a most satisfactory condition, for after paying all debts, there is a credit balance in the club's favour of a few pounds, as appears by the report, of the hon. treasurer; there are also sums subscriptions for the past season to come in, and your committee would urge upon the members generally the neeessityofproniptitudeat.il attention to this matter. At a special meeting of the club held soon after our last annual meeting it was decided that we should not forget the many services our late hon. treasurer (Mr. J. Kellick) had done for the welfare of the club, and that some testimonial be given to him, and which was left for the committee to decide. Your committee therefore thought the best way they could recognize his past services would be to present him with the Albert Ground Challenge Cup, which your club had been successful in winning, and your late hon, treasurer had taken part in. The cup will he presented to him accordingly at the close of this meeting. Your committee have with the feelings of deepest regret to place on record the untimely decease of an old and esteemed member of the club (Mr. W. B. Walford,. jun.),' whose companionship so many of the members have for years past enjoyed, and whose sudden removal must leave a blank greatly to be deplored and never to be replaced. In the cricket field ever I energetic, and in everything relative to the welfare and in I forest of the club always to the fore, your committee feel that they have lost one they could ill spare. Your com? mittee before closing cannot do so without thanking those gentlemen who have so kindly and generously given trophies for the past season, and trust that the members, one and all, will use their best endeavours in the future to 1 further the interests of the club. In conclusion, your committee thank all the office-bearers for their services during the Dust season. Sixteen new members were / I i , elected. The following office-bearers were then elected for the ensuing season :-President, Mr. P. ]}. Walker ; vice-presidents, Messrs. Wm. Clark, James Cullen, (has. I Davis, A. J Pink, of. Grading, and Captain Cooper hon. the asm of, Mr. James Austin; hon. secretary, Mr. J. Rigg. assisting secretary, Mr. J. Austin; general committee. Messrs H Hiddilston, J. Oatley. J. Clarke, 1). , Ogilii, C. Pullen, H. Noble. T. McDonald, J. Him they, 1 A. Ogilvy, J. Payne; selection committee (first eleven), Messrs. H. Hiddilston, J. Oatley, and J. Rigg ; selection committee (second I'leien), Messrs. J. Austin, J. Ranger, and A. Ogilvy. Delegates to New South Wales. Cricket Ar*e)ciatii>n, Messrs. H. Hiddilston and Joseph Clarke. The trophies mentioned in the report were then presented to the successful winners, who appropriately m know lodged smile. A special vote of thanks was accorded to the hon sec. of the club (Mr. J. Higgs) for his valuable seine es. Also appeal lode of thanks to Mr. P. B. Walker, the president, for his attention and interest taken in the club A speech! vote of thanks was accorded to all those gentlemen who had kindly con on trophies for the past season. Mr. P. U. Walker signified his intention of issuing the sum of £10 10s. for trophies to the club. Mr. J. Kellick also signified his intention of giving it £5 5s. trophy- for highest single innings in the club. After the usual vote of thanks being given to the chairman, and to the press, and office-bearers for their services during the past so Len, the meeting terminated. The Ollis annual me. ting of the Albert Cricket Club was held at the P, change Hotel on Friday evening, Mr. J. M. Gibson in the chair. 1 letters of apology were read from the president (Mr W. C. Goddard) and Mr. P. Adams. The following report was adopted on the motion of the chain in an, seconded by Mr. J Fletcher Your committee, in presenting the sixth annual report, congratulate the members on liming now existed a third decade, and also on their success, in sheffield. 'Iho tasteless has notified senior matches as in thoprovioussuason, but this is owing to all the matches in the J. B. Holdsworth Cup competition being played out and eitel ding into a third Saturday, night from the i causes, us will be shown. The club was engaged in 25 matches during thoybciso.i, of which they won eight, lost seven, drew nine, and one resulted in a tie The best eleven played nine matches; winning four, losing two, and are being drawn. The second eleven, you of 16 matches, won four, lost fire, tied one i id orders drawn. the past season has been, leiniriiiililc for the brilliant scores made by your representatives (and also by the almost equally brilliant potformimcesot members of other clubs), who in all first class matches they were engaged in upheld the prestige of the club and colony. 'The club trophy for batting is awarded to Mr. H Moses, who wins it with the splendid nieriíToeif 61 1. The Committee also wish to draw special attention to the fine averages of Messrs. H. H, Massie (60 1), D. Gregory (25 G), J. Fletcher (22 4), and J. Tooher (i'Oj respectively. Mr. J. V. Docker runs, with an average of 10 17, the club trophy for best average bowling. Mr. M'Nul has an excellent average of 598, but did not bear in my! tent testifies to entitle him to the trophy. The second enter his shown great improvement in larger scoring, but in spite of this they have lost four out of nine matches iheieieJ. elect six drain, three aero unmistakably in t r facts, and two more would probably have been the, had time permitted. Mr. J. 'Tooher, with an even Liberate of 1840 secures by steady scoring the el-.b'uVc, m. Mr J. V. Bowker carries off the bowling trout j, with an average of (I'll. The good display of consistent rulings Messrs. J. Dean, AV. and Is". Moses, is days resigns it of.ten, each having maintained an excellent my r so. They ison just past will be held in remembrance for the initg-iiticcnt display of cricket in the New South A and st. inc in the return intercolonial match with Victoria, and for the endurance exhibited by the latter team under presiding suffering cir guinea to 10s. The scorn of 321 made by in embrace our club (Mr. W. Murdoch) could not be free iFtix. for first. ii d skill, and he is deserving of the hard "t eulogy for his patience in ceir.pihcg such a seen, nor 'must the scores of Mc. rs. Garrett and Jones be overlooked, as being grand tea time" in-. the north, and it is gratifying to learn that ('he pool he were willing to recognise in a substantial way th" - appreciation of sound cricket, and the trains presented Mr. Mu*d -ch with a gold watch, while the present committee started trophies to Messrs. Garrett and Jones-, in his garden of their pt j. The visit of a pro fi s Jun" JP -u of leaving crick to give impetus to you- the price," IN of the (-''in regard showed that she is not be" aware' in poor ,?!.> p ii (called t asked rs and it was only three behinds scott mitt, evident that we did not win our (infant. li. "river re,,, -it' titles distinguished themselves till _">! M d Miss, annual matches. The formation and departure of strong Austrian rifles deputed your club of the rateable series of Mr. H. H. Massie, but it is arranging to learn that he and Mr. Murdoch ere it lying-in; themselves almost beyond spectator-, and the last session of colonel be the t 'he must be in" epistle to every in Peter tried now that there is a pr, of part of another rang his Lhion, under false curlers of the Ural.. Ivo Bligh, coming out in the years go. on, it ought to urge our active members to practice Fried, SO its to fit them to the past in the forthcoming matches. at Easter an eleven visited Wu dash in his imitation of Mr. H jM'Qoade, a m played 15 of the district. The Dutch ended in a draw. 'It's ham were- _<j-p..'i.bly entertained by Mr. M'Combe, and it V? to be hoped that the clubs may be" of so to arrange an admiral match. The- trophy promised by some of our vice car' leaves, Mr. A C Goddard, for the best bowler, has been pre went into Mr. H. Mahon, while Mr. A'hima's pr 20 for riding bus ml been awarded in clear ch in the each link of pints being kept, and it three trophies are to be on milled long comes the, first day's fresh means of adjudging fielding point. Mr. Sydney Cohen balls g generously presented a fair someone for the highest single innings, it has been won by Mr, H. Moses with the score of 161\. Year costumiere, in reporting that both the hon. secretary read teen uses, are absent from the colony, wish to acknowledge" in. coiîiph.'iie-n* in tenders thtirclToits to advance the. interests of the club, and regret that they shall lose the seat of of Mr. W. L. Docker as hon. secretary, 'the officers now are on!)- hand temporarily. The balance shot things that the finances of the club are in a it-ii-,tnetori state. Your committee regret to have to record the, fw-».oa/> loss sustained by the cricketing eo.'iniii.iici by the demise of Mr". W. B. Walford, jun., there to him. treasurer of the New South Vu'"-! Cricketing Association. it now devolves upon you to clVt officers for the ensuing year" 'The meet of the proceeded to elect the office bearers for PiG ensuing year. It. James, president ; J. J. Calvert, F. H. Dangar, R. Edkins, W. C. Goddard, lije-p.-cnidents; Y. Other., her. heart and H H Massie, hon. treasurer ; K G. Bennett, C. Anderson, G. L Lloyd, J. Kstc'irr, T. J. Dickson, G. L Murdoch. H. Meyer, J. J. Tooher, D. living A W. Crane, committee. 'The trophies were preserved by Mr. Gibson to Messrs. H. Moses and J. B. Tooker for best situate analgesia the first and second and eleven re j. te five ), Mr. J F'. Docker securing the bowling trophies in both the first and second eleven.. Mr. W. C. Godelard's prize for best bowling was awarded to Mr. H. O'Neil. A love of it corks was passed to the chairman, and, after drink big success to the Albert Cricket Club and cricket generally, The meeting terminated. The trophies were very neat, and came from the establishment of Messrs. Hardy Brothers. 