DEAD MEtf'S SHOES. CHAPXEE XLVL—(Continued.) BY THE AUTHOR OF ".LADY ACDLEY'S BEOBET. "IThey can't always stand it, you know," argues CqlonerStorinont, speaking of the murderous profession generally. " They lose their heads and bolt after the thing is done. I suppose it looks so milch worse to them when it is done' than it did from the other side. They are a pluckless set lor the most part, I think." . " It was not in that girl to commit a murier," says Dr. Mitsand, with conviction. "The circumstantial evidence is strong against her, I admit—hor disappearance— the poison taken from her uncle's 6urgery her expectation of Mr. Trenchard's fortune. But if she had poisoned him in order to get possession of his money, it. stands to reason she would have stayed to receive her "inheritance. She would have known that to fly was almost to admit her guilt." " She may have been seized with a panic when the thing was done." " She would have stayed, colonel," persists the doctor. " She might have been stricken with fear, but she would have held her ground. She is too clever to commit such a blunder as flight if she had been guilty-" " How do you account for her absence, then ?" Easily enough. Her uncle was forcing her into a hateful marriage, and she had not moral courage enough to oppose her will to his, so she let matters go on to the very last, and then ran away. A foolish thing to do, no doubt, but human." " But why should she have taken that prussic acid from her uncle's surgery, as it is pretty evident she did take it, though the fact hasn't come out yet 1" " She may have armed herself with that as the means of suicide—a last resource if all other modes of escaped failed her. We have no evidence that the prussic acid which killed Stephen Trenehard was the poison token from Dr. Faunthorpe's surgery." " You have the evidence of the empty bottle." " She may have thrown the stuff away, fearing to keep anything so dangerous in her possession, if she were guilty, she would hardly have left that bottle in her workbasket." " Humph," mutters the colonel. " You take an indulgent view of the case." " I admit that at the first I was staggered by the facts, and inclined to suspect Miss Faunthorpo; but reflection has led me to form another opinion." " Gad, sir, and I should be glad if I could believe her innocent," says the colonel, energetically. " She has eaten my bread and salt; I have liked and admired her; and even"—with ineffable condescension— " thought of her as a wife for my eldest son. I believe that poor boy adores her. It would be horrid to think her guilty. But these proceedings ought to bo looked straight in the face, Dr. Mitsand, if we don't want the whole fabric of society shaken. "We mustn't be prussic-acid-ed into our graves in a quiet little town like this, and. the prisoner go scot free. No, sir; I wish the good old law for the punishment of prisoners was still in force. Wo want our Chambre Ardentej sir, for those scoundrels." They are at the gates of Lancaster Lodge by this time. • The mourning coaches drive up to the hall door, where stands Podmore, quite sober on this occasion, and fully awake to the dignity of his position. He ushers the mourners to the drawing- room, where the sunlight is subdued by half-closed Venetian shutters, through which shines the sunny vista.of lawn and flower-beds. The crimson satin couches and ottomans are ranged in solemn order. A silver tray of decanters and glasses is placed unobtrusively on a side table. There is a small writingtable in front of an open window, with a chair set beside it, evidently prepared fur the family lawyer, thinks Colonel Stormont, as he takea a glass of old Madeira irom the obsequious Podmore. • • No family lawyer appears^ however. The four gentlemen refresh themselves gravely at the side table, assisted by Pod- ™>e., Very bitter is the taste of the Amontillado to Dr. Faunthorpo, but, his parched lips need to bo moistened in some wise. The moment is at hand when the dealings of the dead to the. living will be known. Will justice have been done to all his nieces, or will favors be heaped upon that one,of them whom in secret he, Bobert Eaunthorpe,.has loved.the best? r: Joel Mgrim takes a second glass of shenyi blears his throat, and-goes to the little table by the window. " I believe gentlemen," he begins, and " the three •mourners turn towards him, full of eager curiosity, "that in cases where there is a will to be read this is about the time at which the ceremonial is gone through. Now, my good friends, Stephen Trenehard has left no will." There is a look of amazement in the countenances of .his three hearers. Dr. Faunthorpe feels the room going round bewilderingly, and tries feebly to remember how the law of inheritance stands in the case of nieces whose uncle dies intestate. " Do you mean to say that Mr. Trenehard, a man of business, has died intestate !" exclaims Colonel Stormont, with indignant incredulity. " He has died intestate for the best of all reasons," answers Joel, coolly, as he unlocks a drawer in the writing- table. " He had nothing to bequeath!" " Come, sir, you are laughing at us," cries the colonel. " He was too sincere to indulge in the mockery of a will, and, in that self-restraint, was a model to mankind in general, who seem to take delight in disposing of imaginary effects," replies Joel, in an easy conversational tone. " He made no will, but during his late illness ho entrusted me with a little paper which it was his wish that I should read to any of his friends or relatives who should be present on this sad occasion. With your permission, gentlemen, I shall proceed to do so." " Make haste about it, sir," cries the coloncl. "I can see that we have been outrageously humbugged." " You are not the first, colonel, who has taken the appearance for the reality," replies Joel, politely. He unfolds a sheet of letter-paper covered with Stephen Trenchard's neat penmanship, and reads thus :— "Having reason to believe that I may die insolvent, I refrain from the empty formula of a last will and testament. I have nothing to bequeathexcept those accommodation bills drawn upon Providence, which good men call blessings. " The business which I conducted for thirty years in India was on the verge of insolvency when I retired fron it, though the house of Trenehard and Co. stood high in the opinion of the commercial world, and its paper was as easily negotiated as tbatof the Bank of England. 1 bad sunk my capital in the business, and I corsider that I was guilty of no fraud in withdrawing from it about a third of the amount of that original capital, although I kuew that in so doing I must precipitite the ultimate failure, 1 transferred my speculative tra ie to a man adroit enough to navigate the leaky vessel for a few more voyages upon the commercial sea, and 1 was enabled to make my retreat from India with ten thousand poundB and high repute ; for, although I was known to have been engaged in some doubtful adventures, and to have been somewhat unscrupulous in my traffic, I was believed to be enormously rich. " I was sixty-six years of age when I made up my mind to retire from tbe excitements and agitations of a hazardous trade, and to enjoy the lotus-eater's calm repose for the rest of my dayc. I calcu'ated that the ten thousand pounds that 1 was able to draw would,. with a judicious use of my credit, last out my life, and enable me to glide in comfort to tbe grave. It pleased me to return to that native toivn which I had left as a pennileBs lad, aud which, when I was honest and industrious, refused me daily bread. With a few thousands at my banker's, and thereputation of unlimited resources, I was able to command all that tbe town could give. Redcastle laid its riches at my feet. I had but to pay tbe rent of my house, the wages of my servauts, and give a cheque on account now and then to my tradespeople. Every year left me a little deeper in their debt. " I fear that I may have excited false hope in the mind of my very dear niece, Sibyl Faunthorpe. I regret the possibility of tbis, but I cannot be blamed for any baseless ideas which she may have entertained on the subject of my supposed fortune. I have never made any statement calculated to mislead her. I have neither directly or indirectly fostered expectations of an inheritance from me. My dear Sibyl has been the companion and solace of my retirement, aud she has enjoyed all those luxuries and comforts with which I have smoothed lhe pathway of my declining years. Should there be any balance, or residue of the money now in my banker's hands, at the time of my death, after the payment of my just debts, I hereby give lhe same to my friend aud successor in commerce, Joel Pilgrim ; but as I apprehend that my moneys in hand will hardly suffice to pay my outstanding accounts, I have not taken the trouble to put lhe bequest in the form of a will " STEPHEN TnENCHinD. "May 20th, 187—." CHAPTER XLYIL "rr IS NOT NOW AS IT HAS BEEN OF YORE." Alexis goes to Dorley Mill a few days after bis. interview with Mr. Scrodgers the lawyer, and tolls Linda Challice all that the man of law has said in relation to Trot, and the advisability of that young gentleman's being domiciled at the Grange. " You see I want to establish the fact of s being my son," says Alexis. " People will hardly believe in my paternity while the little fellow is here. He ought to live with me—he ought to bo seen in my com- pany. A few years her.ca it won't so much matter where he may live. His name and position will be settled." " I understand," says Linda, sadly. " Yesterday you gave me a promise which made me very happy; to-day you take it back again." " Linda, forgive me," cries Alexis, deeply distressed. "If you knew how it grieveB me to rob you of your darling ! But it is for his good. Why cannot we three be jy as we have been together? The sweetest days of my life were those I spent under this dear roof—with him—with you. Why cannot these happy days come again, Linda! My love, my darling, what is the world worth that it should part us?" His arm is round her, he draws her to his breast, looking down into those beseeching agonized eyes, which meet his in silent reproach that pierces deeper than words. For one passionate moment he has forgotten thefettersthat hold him to another, forgotten everything except that this girl has grown inexpressibly dear to him. She releases herself from his arm, and he stands before her with shame-bowed head, conscience-stricken. "Forgive me, Linda," he pleads. "I was thinking of what might have been. No, I will not be such a wretch as to rob you of Trot—not yet awhile, at any rate. What can I give him to replace his adopted mother's fond care 1 You shall keep him, Linda." " Not if it is for his interest to be with you," Linda answers gravely. " But you need not be in a hurry to take him from me. A few days—a week even—can make little difference. Give me time to get accustomed to the idea of parting with him." " So be it. And you will let me come here very often and see him, 60 that he may grow fonder of me, and come to look upon me as his father ?" " No," she answers, with downcast eyes. " Let me have him quite to myself for this time. He loves you already, you have no need to win his affection. Let me have him all to myself, and when the day comes claim him from me, and I will give him to you without a tear." Alexis understands the motive of this denial, and feels that he has merited to be thus denied. " You have only to command me, Miss Challice," ho says, " and remember that this boy will be no son of mine if his affection for you, or his remembrance of your goodness, is ever lessened." " He is so young," replies Linda, with a sigh. "He will have so much time in which to forget." And then they part with a friendly shake hands, aud a little commonplace talk about old Mr. Benfield and tlio mill, aud both try to forget, or seem to forget, that fatal betrayal of feeling on the part of Alexis ; and when he has gone Linda creeps up to her room,—the pretty girlish chamber, and its white draperies and water-colour sketches, Linda's own work, on the panelled walls— and kneels beside the little white bed, and sobs as if her heart were broken. Happily, her life of simple duty affords little leisure for the indulgence of grief, and she is obliged to bathe her swollen eyelids presently, and to go downstairs to see about Trot's custard pudding, which delicacy, made with a new laid egg, aud baked in a saucer, no other hands can be permitted to prepare. Trot's sharp eyes discover the traces of tears in those heavy eyelids. " What for you cry, mammie ?" he demands. " You not been naughty, has you?" Tears and naughtiness go together in Trot's mind. " I hope not, love." " Aud you not tumbled down'tairs." "No, darling." "Den oo got nosing to cry for," says Trot, decisively. It is with the deepest shame that Alexis remembers that unhappy outbreak of his. This is how ho has pleaded his friend's cause. This is his allegiance to Dick Plowden. He can hardly look that faithful friend in the face without blushing, when he gets back to the Grange. " Did you see her J" asks Dick. " Oh yes, I saw hor." " And was she looking well ?" " A little pale and worried, I thought. She doesn't like parting with Trot you see." " No, of course not." Alexis goes to London that afternoon and procures a copy of the entry of his marriage in the register of the little Gothic church in the Pimlico district, so memorable to Sibyl and to him : the church they entered so hopefully that bleak March morning, four years ago, careless of the future, confident of happiness, and knowing little more of life's actualities than if they had heen the prince and princess of a fairy tale. In that stony labyrinth of Pimlico Alexis is within an easy walk of Dixons-treet, Chelsea. Ho goes by ways that are painfully familiar to him in the days of his poverty. He seems to know every shopfront in this water-side street, every stone, every housetop, and chimney-stack, and street corner. He leaves the prim dwelling- places of middle-class respectability, and enters poverty's Bohemia. There flows the river beyond its muddy margin, rosy in the evening sun. How the scene brings back the bygone time, the heart-sinking and despair, the dread of to-morrow, the vain hope, the crushing disappointment ! There is little use, perhaps, in this visit to his old quarters. His will is made, his son's heritage is Tendered as secure as the law of the land can make it; there is little fear, one would suppose, of the boy's parentage being called into question in the time to come : but Alexis has a fancy for seeing the house which sheltered his poverty and care, which was home in the days when he thought himself secure of his wife's love. Here is the dingy old street, more dingy and dismal in the warm summer twilight than in wintry obscurity. How sorely all the doors and window-sashes want painting ! what wisps of dirty straw and ragged scraps of paper have drifted to this quiet haven from the busier ways outside. Odd curtains drape the parlour windows, grimy blinds droop hopelessly on their slackened lines, like sails in a dead calm. Here and there a few flower-pots testify to the love of the beautiful in some struggling denizen; in one area there is a family of rabbits, in another a collection of poultry ; in a third a cobbler has built his wooden workshop. If it were possible for anything already so debased to sink a little lower, Alexis would think that Dixon-street had gone down since he last beheld it. But the effect lies doubtless rather in his own eye, which is a stranger to the place. Mrs. Bonny has been endowed with an orderly mind, and it has been her constant struggle to raise her dwelling-place above the Dixon-street level. She has eschewed rabbits and poultry. Her parlour windows are shaded by clean though laded chiotz, and display the healthiest geraniums in the street. Her door-steps are hearthstoned daily, and it grieveth her to the heart when the ruthless feet of her lodgers or their following sully tbe purity of the stone. It must bo confessed that this aspiration after the beautiful, this struggle to maintain cleanliness in a neighbourhood where blacks fall as the rain from heaven, has exercised a deteriorating influence upon Mrs. Bonny's temper. The native sweetness of that overworked woman's disposition has betn turned to sour by the perpetual falling of smuts, the frequent passage of muddy soles across newly-hearthstoned steps, the nckless disregard of scrapers and door-mats, which is idiosyncratic of the lodger family. When she opens her door to a stranger, Mrs. Bonny looks not at his face, bnt directs a furtive and angry glance at his boots, and follows their progress into her house with a smothered murmur of dissatisfaction. Her life is an endless warfare, which her constancy of spirit would render absolutely noble, were the enemy wherewith she striveth a trifle more exalted; but to fret and fume about the soiling of a doorstep, to be miserable because a dirty boot sullieth one's stair carpet, hath in it something of pettishness and folly ; and these small and sordid cares have impressed themselves upon Mrs. Bonny's visage— they have drawn down the angles of her mouth, and written a network of wrinkles upon her brow. She opens the door to Alexis this evening. The rosy light on the river is deepening to a crimson glow; the sky grows faint and opal-tinted ; a young moon, which has been showing pale all the afternoon, begins to brighten in the eastern gray. Alexis had been prepared to observe some surprise in his landlady's countenance at this sudden reappearance of his, after a lapse of three years and a half, but to his astonishment she receives him with perfect tranquillity of countenance, save for an anxious downward glance at his boots, a look which he remembers of old. " I thought as much," she mutters. " You can walk upstairs, Mr. Stanmore." Stanmore was tho adopted name of his poverty. "I have called for a little chat with you, Mrs. Bonny, if you can spare time," he begins politely, remembering that his old landlady, like the Fates, was the goddess who needed a good deal of propitiation! " I ain't got time now," replies Mrs. Bonny, snappishly, " for I was cooking my parlors supper when you rang, and I dare say it'll have stuck to the bottom of the frying-pan when I get back. Ton can walk upstairs, can't you ? Tou know your way, I should think." "To the front room!" inquires Alexis. " Yes, of course. It happened to he empty when the young woman called about it— not as I'm ever long empty, thank Providence. It ain't much reward to get for slaving from morning till night, gracious knows. Wipe your boots, if you please, Mr. Stanmore. There's a mat at the foot of the stairs." The master of Cheswold Grange does not quite understand the drift of these remarks, but he obeys as meekly as the penniless waiter upon fortune was went to do in days gone by. Mrs. Bonny hurries back to her frying- pan, and Alexis goes up the wellremembered staircase, with its papered wall representing a bewildering multiplication of Gothic archways of a dingy brown hue, its narrow window with a gaudy painted blind of ecclesiastical design, its heavy balusters, the remains of better days, when Dixon-street was the abode of polite society, and fine gentlemen and ladies may have roj stored and gambled in these old rooms after an evening at Ilanelagh. Twilight has thickened, and Mrs. Bonny's staircase is wrapped in shadow when Alexis opens the door of that one room which was once his home—a single chamber which would then have been deemed all-sufficient as a home could he but have found the wherewithal to pay the rent thereof. How well he remembers that miserable homecoming, when, like Byron, he found his hearth deserted and his household goods shattered. The memory saddens him. He forgets his newly-found son—forgets the business that has brought him to Dixonstreet. The picture of that bitter day comes back, and shuts out every other image. The room looks as if not one article of its furniture had been removed or altered since he saw it last. There stands the scarlet tea-tray on the table against the wall—there the tea-caddy—there theleatherbound family Bible. There are the old chintz- covered arm-chairs, the tent bedstead, the trumpery crockery images—awkward caricatures of old Chelsea ware—on the high narrow mantlepiece; and yonder, seated on the well-remeinbered sofa, in a despondent attitude, with hands clasped listlessly and drooping bead, appears a figure at sight of which Alexis Secretan recoils as if he had seen a ghost. He may well be startled, for this figure is the image of his own wife as he has seen her on many an evening, at his homecoming, when she has grown weaiy of waiting for his return, and has sank in despondency. For a moment his blood freezes, and he feels as if a spirit were there; but in the next instant a cry of surprise breaks from his lips, " Sibyl, can it be you ?" She starts up from the sofa, looks at him in bewilderment, and then throws herself upon his breast. " Alexis my best, my dearest, my only protector and comfort," she cries, "how did you know—who told you that I was here?" He puts her away from liim gently but firmly. The thought of her falsehood about his son's death comes between him and his wife; and it may be that love for her, as he has often told himself, has died out of his heart murdered by her unkindness. There is something else too perhaps, in this moment, that comes hetweenjhim and the pale face lying on his breast. The image of a sweeter and less selfish woman, whose eyes looked up at him full of grief and pain a few hours ago. "Alex,how unkind you are, and how coldly you look at me ! But you came here in search of me, did you not? You are not living here?" " No, Sibyl, I am not living hare, and I did not come here to look for you. How was I to suppose that I should find you here when I left yon at Kedcastle in the house of Stephen Trcnchard? I did not think you would come to such a place as this of your own election." " It was the only place I could think of as a refuge, Alex. I knew that I should be sate with Mrs. Bonny, and I knew of no other lodgings in London. Perhaps, too, I had a fancy for coming back here. It was like returning to the past—to the days when you loved me." , She says this shyly, standing before her husband with downcast eyes, like a child who lias offended and anticipates reproof There is all the old innocence of manner, the -almost childlike sweetness which charmed Alexis when he first saw Sibyl Faunthorpe in Mrs. Hazleton's drawingroom, but there is a chilled and deadened feeling at his heart, as of love that has fallen asleep and can wake no more, or love that has been stricken dumb, and can find its old familiar speech never again. "Say rather the days in which I thought yon worthy to be loved," he replies, gravely. " You made your election when you lefl this room. You cannot undo it by returning here, whatever may be the caprice that moves you. When you chose to be your uncle Trenchard's toady instead of my wife, you cancelled the bond between you and me. I gave you the option of renewing that old bond, but, having your sordid aim in view, and fancying yourself on the threshold of success, you refused my offer. That made an end of our union for ever. There is no legal process, no decree of the Divorce Court, which could separate us more utterly than we are parted now." Alex,"shecries piteously, "you did once love me. How can you be so unforgiving ?" " I'll tell you how and why. When we last met and parted I asked you a question, a question that involved the happiness of my manhood and the hope of my age. You answered with a deliberate lie." " I don't remember," falters Sibyl, deeply humiliated. She had thought it so easy a matter to reclaim this faithful heart. In her darkest hour she had always counted upon her husband's love as a certainty, a treasure inalienable, despite her sins against him, thinking of him somewhat after the manner in which man is apt to think of God's mercy and forgiveness, as auinexliaus tible fund, upon which lie can draw as largely as he likes, with no fear of having his bills returned. " You don't remember that when I asked for my son you told me he was dead,— " me calmly in the face, and told me a black and bitter lie. He had only survived his birth by a few days, you said. All the hopes I had built upon his existence were baseless and delusive. You made me believe this, Sibyl." She looks at hiin intently in the twilight, with a look that is half terror, half wonder. " Why should you imagiuo that I was deceiving you when I told you of your son's death ?" she asks. " For the best possible reason. I have found my son." What! you have been to Dorley Mill!" I have been to the place where you lelt your child, left him, glad to be released from a tie which most women hold sacred; left him to play your part at the feet of Stephen Trenchard, to pass for a spinster, and captivate country gentlemen, and angle for a fortune. You have won your game I hope after making such sacrifices,—if it can be called a sacrifice to have abandoned husband and child. Stephen Trenchard is dead, I suppose, and you have inherited his fortune, or you would hardly have deserted your post, even for the sentimental pleasure of revisiting the scone of your married life." " My uncle Stephen is not dead. I have inherited nothing. I stand before you a pauper, Alex, bankrupt in everything; even in hope, since you have ceased to love me." . "Your uncle not deadl You have voluntarily abandoned your chauce of beino his heiress ? You must have changed greatly since that night when you and I talked together in Mr. Trenchard's house!" " I was surrounded with difficulties, Alexis. I should have held my ground to the very last;—yes, call me mercenary, despise me if you will, I will not shrinkfrom the truth; —I would have stopped with my uncle til! the day of his death if he had not made that impossible by his tyranny." She tells Alexis the story of the last few months, how she has been urged to marry Joel Pilgrim, and how when matters grew desperate she had taken flight, (To be continued.) 