BRITISH ANV FOREIGN ITEMS. ' ? ' ' The number of persons killed during the j recent tornadoos in the Western States of j America is estimated at 130. and the value of I the property destroyed at 3,500,000dols. Much agitation prevails in Norway, where a movement is proceeding for effecting a severance from Sweden and establishing a republic. A serious outbreak of small-pox has taken place in Capo Town. The infection is said to havo been brought from the spot whore pas- sengers from England wore recently quarantined owing to there being small-pox on board. Confirmation has been recoived from Buenos Ayres of the report of the assassination, by Tola Indians, of Dr. Crevaux, the French savant, and l8 of his companions. They were 'en- gaged in exploring tho Cran Chaco. The manufacturo of cotton is said to bo rapidly developing in Italy. For tho first five months of 1882 there remained in tli9 conntry 206,000cwt. of grey foreign cotton, with an in- crease of 53,000owt,, over the corresponding period of 1881 For tho same period foreign fabrics decreased by 8,000owt. Baron Hirsch, the manager and virtual owner of the Turkish railways, is sending 5,000 Russian Jews at his own cost to the United States. It is a generous deod, and he can afford it. He admits having made fivo millions sterling during tho last five years by Turkish railways. During the present session no fowor than 209 bills have been printed and circulated amongst tho members of the House of Commons-not ono twontieth part of whioh havo or will, this session, find their way upon tho statuto-boolc. Hurlingham is at longth attacked boldly in front. Mr. Anderson, who against much oppo- sition carried a measure prohibiting betting ad- vertisements, and who suppressed the miserable racing meetings which made it dangerous to live in certain suburbs, has at longth attacked pigeon shooting, and got tho first reading of a measure which makes tho shooting of pigeons let loose from a trap a penal offence. An attempt waa made a few days ago to wreck a train on the St. Gothard Railway, by placing an obstruction on tho permanent way. A quan- tity of dynamite has boon stolen from a maga- zine at Giornico, and It is foared that it may be used for n similar purpose ; or at least to damage Bomo of tho bridges or tunnels. Strict orders have consequently boen given by the Counoil of State of Canton Tessin that a close watch shall bo kept on the line both day and night. Advices from St. Petersburg report that naphtha springs and rioh mineral deposits havo been discovered in the Tekke oasis, and that the land is being rapidly purchased by mining speculators. The construction of about 30 gunboats at St. Petersburg and Cronstadt has beon decided upon by the Ministry of Marine. The cost ia estimated at about 7,000,000 roubles. Mr. Gladstone is now Bpokon of by hia fol lowora as " the grand old man," and Sir Stafford Northcote as " the grand old woman." Never- theless, there is neithor a man nor an old woman on the Conservativo benches who could lead the party more ably than Sir Stafford. The Earl of Shrewsbury and Talbot and Mrs. Munday wore married a fow days since. They at once left for Ingestro Hall, and were mot at Milford station by a largo number of tenantry, hy whom thoy wero escorted to the hall. The route from the station was decorated with flags and arohos, and the nowly-woddod pair wero loudly cheered. On reaohing the hall his lordship thanked those assembled for their reception. Lord Kimborley ia getting the whole of tho nativo races of tho ompiro on his hands. Tho Indian chief has been seen in full costume, Cetowayo is oomins» with his blanket, and now the Maori chiofs from Vow Zealand have arrived. They say that Now Zealand colonists want to oat up all their lands, and they bring with them presents.(for the Qnoen, and petitions that sho will direct the poople of her race to lot the native New Zoalandor rost upon the soil which is his by original right. Herr Krupp has just had granted to him a Gorman patent for a now species of floating battory for coast defence. The batterios are ciroularin form, and among their other advan- tages thoy are said to combine the groatest stability with tho h'ghost degree of buoyanoy, tho latter quality beiug attained by means of air chambers. Thoy are also easily moved from place to place, and their motion is steadied by ballast. Each battery carries a very heavy gun, but neither steam-engine nor sails. When required to move from one spot to another thoy are drawn by steam-tugs. Under the alien clause of the new Coercion Bill power is given for the expulsion of aliens from every part of the United Kingdom. The Isle of Man, however, is not included in the olausD, though from its position, half way between Dublin and Liverpool, it would serve famously for the Fenian headquarters. Perhacs the Home Secretary forgot for the moment that tho island is part of the United Kingdom. An official clerical oiroular directed to the S nests and Bigued by all the archbishops and ishopB in Ireland has been prepared and cir- culated. It consists of resolutions intended to regulate the conduct of the clergy in respect to any future development of the land movement. Priests are directed to give no countenance to the. Ladle*' Lud League, and are abo forbidden i i i i i ' ' .1 i i i.1., , ;, to attond a public mooting without tho consent of their vicar, and to abstain, as far as possible, from all political excitement. Lord Spencer, replying to an address recently presented to him by the Irish Presbyterian body, said that hopeful signs of returning con- fidence were showing themselves among thoso connected with the material interests of Iroland, and he expressed his conviction that in tho struggle which was being waged the cause of law and order would prevail. An interesting tolophonio experiment was tried at Malta, during tho bombardment of tho fortB at Alexandria. A telophono was attachod at Malta to the Alexandria cable, and connection was made with the other ond of the cabio on board the Chiltern, off Alexandria. It was found that, owing either to the distance, or to the vibration caused by the firing, it was im- practicable to send a verbal message, but tho firing at Alexandria was distinctly heard, through tho telephone, at Malta-a distance of more than n thousand milos. Many women wero employed by the United States Government in tho groat work of com- piling the consus of 1880. Mr. Drummond, British Secretary of Legation at Washington, certifies to tho fact that thty wero found " to perform their duties with fidelity and capacity." Tho census, which embraces numerous enquiries not generally included in such returns, ia de- scribed as " one of the most complete ever attempted." A census of the marriageable princes of Europe appears to have been taken. Tho age for matriago of a prince is, it seems, from 24 to 40 ; for a princess, from l8 to 28. There are at present 31 marriagoablo princes, and only 24 marriageable princesses. Germany furnishes I the chief supply. There are no fewer than 20 i German princes now in the marriage market, including King Ludwig, of Bavaria, tho most oligible bachelor in Europe. Not many days ago, while the Pope was taking his usual drive in tho Vatican Gardens, a shot was heard close at hand. The coachman, no doubt still under tho impression of tho late Garibaldian demonstrations, took fright. Ho whipped up his horseB, criod out " Help ! As Bassins I" and drove full speed into the court- yard of the Papal Palace, causing groat con- sternation among the guards, who ran for their arms and barred the gatos. After some moments of panic and indecision, the guards went in quest of tho supposed assassin all over the Vatican Gardens, and, finding nothing, proceeded to search on the other side of the wall at a place where the coachman doclared ho had hoard tho shot. Thoy soon roturnod to tho palaco with a dead cat. The keopor of a neighbouring vine- yard, whoso paatimo it was to rear rabbits, had just succoeded in shooting a large cat which had often robbed him of the young ones. The Times' correspondent at St. Petersburg telegraphs that a most important discovery of another conspirators' lodging hns been made on tho Vosili Island, in St. Petersburg. Nine Nihilists woro captured almost without a struggle, and a largo quantity of dynamite, correspondence (concealed under the flooring), and plans of the Kremlin of Moscow aro said to have fallen into tho hands of tho police. A number of other persons have since been arrested in connection with the seizure. As many as forty altogether are said to have been taken, and among them a few military men and persons of position. Patrick Cahill, a man who has been for some time past in charge of a Boycotted farm, has been foully murdered at Ashill. Ho had several wounds, tho majority being in the breast, and from all tho surroundinga it is evident he was attacked by a porty of mon. Cahill had excited the ill-will of the people of tho locality by con- tinuing to work on -the farm despite warnings, and he knew he was a marked man. Some time previously five shots woro fired nt him by a mon named Brosnan, but on that occasion he escaped without injury. Deceased intensified the feel- ing against himself'by given information in re- gard to Brosnan, who had decamped, as the author of the outrage. There have been'no arrests. Another confidential communication has just been published in Dublin, on this occasion addressed by the Lord Lieutenant to the resident magistrates. This circular explains the ma- chinery by which tho Prevention of Crime Bill will bo worked. Tho country, except Ulator, is mapped out in districts, with head- quarters respectively at Mullingar, Westport, Galway, Limerick, Cork, and Maryborough. No pro- vision is made in the circular for a few of the counties around Dublin, but those may bo under the supervision of the Dublin authorities. Those districts will bo placed under the charge of resident magistrates, who will have control of the military, and will despatch their district reports to the Castle. The English publio has (says a homo paper) much reason to bo indebted to the Eastern Telegraph Co. for the admirable manner in which, under circumstances of tho great diffi- culty, the tolegraphio service between Alexan- dria has beon maintained. It deserves to be mentioned that tho tologram which wo published in our second odition yesterday morning, an- nouncing the commencement of tho bombard- ment, was despatched from Her Majesty's ship Invincible at 40 minutos past 7 a.m., and was received in London at 5 minutes past G a.m., (tho difforenco in the time betwoon Alexandria and Londou being as nearly as may bo two hours), so that the mossago reached this office within about 35 minutes from the timo it was despatched from Alexandria. The verbal accuracy, too, with which the messages are transmitted deserves tho highest praise. RoportB about tho harvest continue to bo very good from tho United States. In thoir last circular Messrs. Melville, Evans, and Co. say that there is now ovety chanco of an abundant yield of all ceroals, excepting Indian corn. Theso prospects have produced a 'more hopeful feeling throughout tho agricultural sections, the effect of which is apparent in the Eastern States. The reserves of old grain held in the west aro coming out so freely as to materially nugmont the supply for export ; and these supplies, to bo soon followed by now grain, aro likely to make a very visible improsaion on railroad trafilo and on the shipping trade. At homo, tho wet weather ainco the commoncomont of July has done much to joopnrdiso the safety of tho hay crop, which, in many places, will not bo worth getting in. The wheat crop looks well, but wo must have moro sunshine if the heavy landa aro to yield well. There his been a good show of all kinds of fruit, but the wet weather has done considerable damage, and has also delayed the gathering. Tho progress of tho Alexandria bombardment was signalised by some conspicuous instances of personal courago. Whon the fire from tho Marabout battorios was becoming troublosomo, Lord Charles Beresford went clo'o up to thom in the small gunboat Condor, and, engaging them with his assault, enabled the little gun- boats to strike in. Tho bold oxpodiont was entirely successful, and the Marabout fire was stopped. Tho guns whioh Arabi had imme- diately pointed at Admiral Seymour's ship wore destroyed by an equally bold device. Of several volunteers who carno forward, 12 woro chosen, Lieutenant Bradford being in command, and Major Tulloch and Lieutenant Lambton accompanying him. When they wero within a short distance of tho slioro they were, in order to effect a landing, obliged to jump out and swim through tho surf. As soon as they arrived they blow up the guns with gun-cotton, and their mission accomplished, returned with- out loss or injury to the Inflexible. The net re- sult of the day's work was that all the forti- fication» at Alexandria threatening tho English fleet were annihilated or disabled ; and that the casualties on the English ships of war amounted to five killed and 28 wounded. Some idea of the extent of our commercial in- terests in Egypt may be gathered from the fol- lowing faots. From a recent return it seems that last year tho tonnage of ships that passed through the Suez Canal was five and three quarter millions. This represented 2,727 vossols of which 2,007 wore traders puro and simple. Of the total tonnago, four and three-quarter millions, or 83 por cent., was British. This, of course, does not oxaotly represent tho tonnage that goss through the channel, for manifestly the samo ship will be reckoned twice if it makes two trips in the samo year. The tolls paid last yoar at the rate of 10s. a ton nxceeded two millions sterling, of whioh upwards of £1,600,000 were paid by British ships These figures demon- strate the existence of at least one substantial British interest in Egypt. But it ia not the only interest ne have in that country, The ' < i i foreign trado of Egypt with Europe is worth about 20,000,000 sterling a year. Of that more than GO per cent, is in our hands. Then, in cortain of our factories, nothing but Egyptian cotton is spun. If the supply is stopped, it is ostimated that work people earning ¿3,000,000 a-year of wagos would be thrown out of employ- ment in Lancashire. The now legislation for Ireland is making satisfactory progross, and its completion may be speodily looked for now that the Irish party no longer adopt in committee that fatuous and disordorly kind of obstruction which was such a marked foaturo of their tacticB over the Land Bill. This change is undoubtedly due to the moderating influence exorcised by Mr. Parnell, and which seems to show, as we suggested in our last, that ho still possesses con- siderable authority over the party of which he is tho loader. A time of anarchy is certainly a timo for moderate coun- sels, and if Mr. Parnell's new-born faith in the need for ropresaivo measures, whore crime cannotboputdownby any otherinfluences, should bo cordially shared in by his followers, the chances of contemplating a contented and happy Ireland aro not so remote as they appeared to be a month ago. Certainly tho moral victory gained by the Government over the turbulent views of the leaders of Irish opinion is not the least of their triumphs, and for the sake of Ireland every one must hope that their conver- sion is not a trick of politics, paving tho way for greater excesses 'f speech in the future, but real and genuine, and tho outcomo of an honest conviction that Ireland has had enough of in- flammatory and seditious oratory. Tho Govern- ment is meeting this conciliatory policy in a kindred spirit, and where concessions can be made, either in the Prevontion of Crime Bill or in the Arrears Bill, without undermining their principles and objects, courteous attention is given to the suggestions of the Irish party, who, though they exercise their right of opposition and criticism firmly and uncompromisingly, now do so with a dignity and discretion worthy of the Assembly in which they Bit, Another great picture hud been sold at Christie'satagroat price. ItisMeissonier'sfamous picturo of Napoleon I. in the campaign of Paris. It is a littlo thing as to size, beiug only about ten inohes by eight ; but it ia a big thing as to ort, almost the biggest thing if not absolutely tho biggeat that Moissonier ever painted. It shows us Napoleon seated on a white horse in the crisis of his fato, and bearing tho grimly re- solute look of a master among men. The valuo of tho picture ia enhanced by tho enthuiastio praiso of Mr. Ruskin. Ho thought the picture so fine that he gave £1,000 for it, and was himself half afraid that he had been more zealous than discreet. When ho was Slade Professor at Oxford he offered it to his class as a supreme example of the finest sort of painting. Wishing ?for more money to endow his museum at Shef- field, he sont it to the auction room for sale. All the big dealers were there and many con- noisseurs. No sooner, however, did the contest begin than it was seen that it lay between two bidders, the ono representing an English, the other an Amorican buyer. As the sum mounted up among the thousands the paoked rooms grew breathltss. Five thousand guineas was at once improved upon, and still the bids grew, and at last the picture was knocked down at 5,800 guineas-about £70 per square inch, and the tramo thrown in. The nominal purchaser is Mr. Wallis, of the French Gallery, who is seldom without somo fine Meissonier iii his bi- annual exhibitions ; but of course ho has not bought it for himsolf. He, it is_ understood, represents tho American buyer ; said to bo nono other than Mr. Vanderbilt, who was ready, if necessary, to pay no less a sum than 10,000 guineas for it, if ho could not get it for a leaser sum. _^__ 