"IS WINE-DRINKING A SIN?" [To the Editor of the BcmHn<> Adi'frtiWr \ I Sir,—Allow me to make a few remarks on an article in your last Saturday's paper, the subject being "Is wine-drinking a'sin?" I say it is not; and scripture gives liberty to any man to eat and drink \yhat God created. It will not matter whether a man does drink wine or not, for our atonement is not abstaining nor drinking, but the blood of Jesus cleansed us from sin. And further, it is not the food in the stomach, but the spirit of God in our heart, which purifies our hearts. The apostle himself teaches us that tho Kingdom of God does not consist of eating and drinking, but of righteousness, peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost. Will the writer of the article institute a new doctrine? | am huvc his light, must be darkness, foy that is not the foundation on which we build eternal life. If a man will bo ai( abstainer let him be. But he has not the slightest advantage in the bible. Tho man who drinks wine and keeps God's commandments, and believes in Christ (who drank wine himself) is just as near to tho kingdom, and is a far superior christian than any abstainer who thinks himself above the scriptures. Christ is the way, the truth, and life, and if tho abstainer goes above Ghribt he makes a great mistake— -Yours, etc., A.B. Sandhurst, 13th boptember. The Coolness of the weather at present is only equalled by the following proposition reported by thp Arijn ■ i—The Minister of Rail waya has received an application from residents of l'ootscray and Yarrow ville for tho issuo of building tickets to persons building in those neighborhood. They suggest that each person erecting a house valued at £100 shall receive a free ticket for a specified period. Mr. Bent has promised io consider the application. Utilisation of Electricity.—A rather novel feature in connection with the utilisation of drainage was (the Artjua remarks) brought under the notice of the Gollingwood City Council at its meeting on Wednesday night, when Mr. Sanmol Milligan applied for permission to use the waste waters flowing down the Reilly-street drain for the generation of electricity. He stated that if he were allowed to do so sufficient electric power could be produced to drive the machinery of a number of the factories in that municipality during the day, and to illuminate the streets of the city in the night. After a brief discussion, it was decided that the application could not be entertained until plans of the proposed work ings and additional 'particulars respecting the matter had; been submitted ft? the council for fa ooneideratipp, 