THE SOLDIER OF FORTUNE A TALE OF THE CRIMEAN WAR BY THE AUTHOR OF " STANFIELD HALL, SMINNIE GREY," ETO., ETO CHAPTER LII. 0, treacherous night! Thou lend'st thy ready veil to each treason, And teeming mischiefs thrive beneath thy shade. S"AARON HILL. THE city of Cheritz Khan--in Russia they give very magnificent names to places which in more civilised coun tries would scarcely be honoured by a notice on the maps-is little more than a long straggling village, with the Greek or national Church at one end, and the residence of the governor at: the other; public buildings, pro perly speaking, it can scarcely be said to possess ; unless, indeed, the prison and a low wooden edifice, in which the traders in fur are occasionally lodged, be worthy of the appellation. As for the guard of the Cossacks, about eighty in number, stationed at the place, they either quarter them selves without ceremony on the in habitants, or lodge in the upper part of the town, flanking the only two en trances to the place, which is sur rounded by walls of wood and stone, cemented together by the mud and slime collected in summer by the exiles on the banks of the Obi. The chief entrance to the town, named after the Czar, Nicolai Thor, faced the north, and commanded a vast view over the desolate snow steppe, whose undulating surface resembled a sea suddenly changed to marble, the edges caused by the drift ing of the sand being as regular as though the plough had traced them. About fifty yards from the gates stood a clump of solitary pine-trees, the lower branches bent even to the earth by the weight of snow accumu lated upon them. The moon was shining with that intense brightness seen only in northern latitudes; so powerful was the light she gave' that not a sable could have crossed the ground within shot without being perceived as dis tinctly as by daylight, when four men, clothed in sheepskin dresses, and wearing the usual mask as a protection to the face, approached the spot we have attempted to describes a fifth drove off with the sledge from which they had alighted, but speedily re joined his companions after having concealed the vehicle in a hut at a short distance; he led a hound by a string cord. The party consisted of our hero, Henri de la Tour, the Pole, and Alexis Troubetskoi. All four were armed with their rifles-a precaution rendered necessary on account of the wolves. ' Here we are, at Cheritz Khan at last,' observed the young Frenchmn ; 'and, if the question be not indis creet, may I ask why are we hero ?' This was addressed to Julian. ' The hour of vengeance has arrived,' was the reply. ' The innocent blood which has so long cried to Heaven for justice has been heard at last. Ishmael is within the walls.' The brother of the murdered Oscar examined the priming of his weapon with an air of determination which announced that he for one was re-. solved that this time the Jew shouldI not escape the penalty due to his crimes. 'Patience,' continued the speaker. 'Patience,' repeated the young man ; 'every moment the murderer walks the earth is a reproach to me, each breath he draws a delay of justice. In the still hour of the night I see the eyes of his victim turned towards me, as if to ask for vengeance on his cowardly assassin. I cannot rest till it is ful filled.' "' Fear not,' observed the Pole, calmly, .' the debt shall .be paid in full. It is hard, I know; to preach patience when the heairt is 'on fire, and the brain maddcned' by the ;sense of in jury.i but precipitation would defeat our purpose. Jshmael has contrived to secure the protection of the Governor of Cheritz Khan.' ' By bribery, of course,' said Charles Vavasseur; ' that man would sell his very soul for a handful of rubles.' ' And make no bargain either,' ex claimed Henri ; ' considering the damaged condition of the article. How did you obtain the information ?' ' By the same means as the assassin his protection,' answered Julian; ' for if the governor is mercenary, his sub ordinates are even more corrupt. I possess the clue of the intentions of Ishmael, and, at the very moment of his triumph, 'will defeat them.' 'But how are we to obtain entrance to the town,' demanded Charles Va vasseur,' ' without our presence being known. The gates are shit.' ' That, too, is arranged. The officer is bribed.' By this time Jack Curling had joined them with the hound. It was settled amongst the (speakers that the faithful fellow should remain outside the gate, in order to be ready with the sledge in case of their being discovered, and an immediate flight rendered necessary. The difficulty was to pro vide a place of concealment for him, where he might remain for several hours without the risk of finding him on their return frozen to death. After some search a fissure was found in the wall of the town close to the gates, sufficiently large for Jack to -squeeze himself into. It had been caused by the intense frosts acting upon the mud, which served to bind the unhewn stones and timbers to gether, and was so near the gate and the solitary clump of trees we have described as to enable him to see every thing that passed. ' Be careful,' said our hero, who in sisted upon Jack taking his own sheep skin cloak to assist in keeping him warm,' and on no account remove your mask.' ' Never fear, Master Charley,' re plied the honest lad, ' I have no wish to return to Harleyford without a nose. At the: name of Harleytord his master sighed. ' If you feel your limbs cramped or numbness spreaaing over them-or inclined to sleep,' he added, ' quit your hiding-place, and run as fast as your legs will carry you to the sledge; remember,' he added, ' that half the pleasure of my return to England-if ever I escape -would be destroyed un less you accompanied me.' 'Do'nt ee, Mbaster.Charley, do'nt co speak-so,' replied Jack, at the same time raising his hand, which, in its sheepskin glove, resembled the paw of a hugh bear, to his eyes to brush aside a tear, ' this be a bad country to' cry in. They do say at home that salt water won't freeze; let 'em come to Rooshia and try it.' Having seen the speaker as comfor table as under the circumstances it was possible to make him, the four friends marched boldly towards the gate of the town; on reaching which Julian uttered a shrill whistle-the signal agreed upon between himself and the officer he had bribed. 'the small wicket at the side was opened, and Jack saw them disappear, with a secret foreboding that many dangers would have to be encountered before they met again. 'Well,' he exclaimed, for since Charles Vavasseur had reduced him unless on very particular occasions, like the present-to act the part of a mute, he had contracted the habit of talking to himself when alone; ' this be the strangest thing of all ! What would they say at home could they see me sconced like a rat in a hole, built up in a Rooshian wall. By the time I get back Nat won't have much the better of me. He may know the tricks of Lunnon better than I ao, but not more of the world.' It was enough that his master had told him they should return. How or when never troubled him. He placed implicit confidence in his word. The promise was the only thing which sustained him in the midst of the pri vations which he daily endured. The poor fellow had been about half an hour in his not very comfortable posi tion,when he heard a kindofscratching noise just over his head, while he in stinctively drew into his hiding place, wondering what it could possiblymean. Presently a rope was let down, and a few minutes afterwards a man de scended. The unknown passed so near him that he could have touched him. ' It be not ghost atanyrate,' thought Jack, at the same time holding his breath ; ' they don't require ropes to !cimb by.' As the mysterious personage reached the ground, he muttered something, which he thought sounded very much like an oath. In all probability he was not mistaken. The man looked carefully round him as if to ascertain whether he was ob served or not I and satisfied to all appearance with the scrutiny that such was not the case, walked leisurely toward the clump of trees. Jack, who had ample time to ob. serve his features, recognised the assassin Ishmael, and bitterly regretted that he was unarmed, or that the hound had not been left with him. As the Israelite had a brace of pistols in his belt, the lad thought it most pru dent to remain where he was, but if discovered he resolved to sell his life dearly. With some difliculty he con trived to draw the long clasp- knife from his pocket-the only weapon he pos sessed. Once or twice he felt strongly tempted to cut the cord which dangled in front of his place of concealment. Ishmael meanwhile began to dig at the root of the third pine- tree; and having, with much iabdur, for the ground was as, hard as stone, sueo coeded in making a hole of a consider able depth, he drew from his belt a loeathern bag, which he dropped into it, and immediately began replacing the earth and snow, and terminated his labour by drawing his wolf-skin cap several times as lightly as possible over the latter, so as to prevent the appearance of its having been dis turbed. ' That be a cunning trick,' muttered Jack; 'but I know one as cute. It beant always those who hide that find again.' After the observation which suffi ciently indicated his purpose, he care fully drew his head as far as possible into the hole and held his breath, lest the murderer, whom he doubted not would return by the way he came, should have been watched. Jack decidedly had far more presence of mind than when Sir Edward Uhal loner sent him to London to find out his young master. Not even his cousin Nat could have acted more prudently. With this terrier-like patience for which he was distinguished, the lad remained for more than an hour after the Jew had returned and drawn the rope up after him, in his place of con cealment, scarcely daring to breathe. At last he descended and proceeded at once to ascertain what it was that the Jew had interred so carefully. By means of his clasp-knife, he quickly removed the earth, and drew forth the bag. It was filled with silver roubles; there must have been a thousand, at the very least. Doubtless they were Ishmael's share in the profits of the illicit trade which, with the assistance of the Bights, he had so long carried on. 'No bad night's work,' thought Jack, as he coolly placed his treasure in his girdle. ' I dare say the rascal stole them. May be they'll help Master Charley and I back to England again.' The idea that there was anything wrong in appropriating them never entered his imagination. He con sidered everything legitimate spoil spoil which was taken from a Rooshian. It had been settled between him and his master that he should wait till daybreak for the return of the party, and in the event of their non-appear ance, to return with the sledge to the Cossack station in the wood alone. Anxiously did the faithful fellow watch the break of morning. At every rustling of the wind 'he fancied that he heard the footsteps of his master. In his anxiety for his safety, he de layed obeying the orders which had been given him; nor was it till the gates were opened by the guard that, with a heavy heart, he retraced his steps to the hut where he had con coealed thevohicle. For the first time since his sojourn in Biberia, he felt how utterly dependent he was upon the intelligence of others to direct him. Whilst he is driving over the frozen snow the eight or ten versts between Oheritz Khan and the station, we will follow the friends in their search after Ishmael. No sooner had they entered the town than Julian, after paying the officer his stipulated bribe, took the lead, and was followed by his companions in silence ; even the hound appeared to compre hend that the adventure they were en gaged in was a dangerous one, for he never once gave tongue, or attempted to stray from their side. The sagacity of the animal was only equalled by his docility and fidelity. After marching through the prin cipal street, they turned to the small square in which the building appro priated to the use of traders, who at stated periods visited the district, was situated. As we before stated, it was a low, irregular edifice, intersected by long corridors and partitions, which divided it on either side into separate chambers. These partitions, which were of wood, did not extend quite to the roof; on the contrary, there was sufficient space to enable anyone, provided he were sufficiently curious and active eiough to climb them, to observe everything that passed in the adjoin ing apartment. In order to enable our readers per fectly to comprehend the scene we are about to describe, it is necessary they 'should Understand the locality. On entering the building, they found a rough- looking Tartar, evidently, from the keys at his girdle, one of the officials of the place, waiting toreceive them. At the sight of the Pole, his flat, unmeaning countenance relaxed into a smile, and his little dark eyes twinkled with avarice and cunning. Charles andHenri secretly wondered that their companion should place any reliance on the fidelity of such a being. Every feature in his hideous face bore the i'mpress of deceit, and the savage but practised the lessons taught him daily by his more civilized masters. The Pole 'counted into his hand ten silver roubles. Poor fellow, the profits of his success in hunting the sable and the wolf were nearly exhausted by the bribes he had been compelled to pay; for in Russia it i3 the only key to suc cess; few difficulties that it will not solve. The Tartar appeared dissatisfied, and muttered something about his having promised him twenty. ' When you have fulfilled your part of the agreement,' answered the young man, 'they shall be paid to the last copeck.' ' Do you doubt me ?' said the man. 'Julian's only reply was to shrug his shoulders. His guide perfectly comprehended him, and taking up the lamp, which he had placed on the floor of the passage whilst receiving the money, once more continued his march. He stopped at the end of the cor ridor which led to the most remote part of the building, and unlocked the door of a chamber which was in utter darkness, and pointed to the party to. enter. ' Not a word,' whispered the Pole, to his companions; ' the murderer is in the next room. Not a breath,' he added,' till I give the signal.' Oharles and Henri intimated by a pressure of the hand that they under stood him; while Alexis, to guard against accidents, seized the hound by the collar with his right hand, and placed the left over his mouth to pre vent his barking. -With footsteps as noiseless as the approach of murder, they crept towards the partition which divided the two rooms, and placed itheir eyes to the interstices of the- woodwork, which wore sufficiently large to enable them to see what passed The room was lit by an iron cresset which hung by a chain of the same metal from the ceiling. Directly under it stood a table, on which were abook, a long piece of faded brocade, and a cup of platina. Ishmael, with an air of impatience, was pacing up and down the floor with rapid strides, either to keep himself warm, or to while away the hour. At times he would pause and listen, mutter something to him self in a tone of disappointment, then resume his walk again. Poor Alexis could scarcely control his fury when he beheld the cowardly assassia of his only brother. Nothing but the promise he had made his friend, who seemed to have taken the direction of the affair entirely in his own hands, restrained him from burst ing through the panels, which were low, and at once satisfying his thirst of vengeance. Julian, on the con trary, appeared calmn as the pause which precedes the outbreak of the tempest. There was a terrible reso-. lution in his deep-set, thoughtful eye, as he fixed it on the murderer, from whom, till the moment of action arrived, he never once removed it, ' At last,' murmured Ishmnael, as a sound of approaching footsteps was heard in the corridor, ' the moment of my triumph is at hand.' With a smile of satisfaction, he unbarred the door of the chamber, in which everything, by the connivance of the governor, had been arranged for his marriage, and where for the last three days he had remained con. coaled. Reubon Bight, followed by his two sons, who led Sara between them, and the rabbi, entered the room. The expectant bridegroom carefully drew the heavy wooden bar after them. (To bIe Conthmnued.) ' 