THE ENGINEER'S STORY. MA.YHAJ>, stranger, you hev run over the Pennsylvany Central Railroad. As you may say, I was born nnd brought up on that line, first as fireman, then engineer nigb on to twenty years. It's allers excitin' to run a machine, and wen I was a fireman I used to think it was better to be top of one of them splendid engines than to be President of the United States. The day they first put me on the footboard and I took the lever in my hand and knew it was my engine, I reckon I was the proudest man between Pittsburg and Altoojia. I kinder thought that everybody was goin' to be out, thet day, to see how the train made her run, and you kin bet all your' specie that she went smack up to the minit, the whole 117 miles. But this kind of spirit wore off, after a while, 'n I settled down into a sober steady goin* man; 'n they did say thas I wor as safe 'n reliable a man as they hed in the business. I hev to say it, stranger, as there's nobody else to do it j else wise you wouldn't know it. I was turned 23 wen me and Mary was married. Twenty-eight years ago I You hev a wife, ptranger ? Hevn't got no wife I Well! mayhans it's juat as well! I hed Mary some eight years, but it don't seem like no time, now. I left her there in the Aid K e J fi t° ne State, her an' tbe boy Sometimes I think I'd like to go back agin, and see the place where they both lie, but I suppose I never shall. Don't seem as if I had the heart to do it. It wasn't in my church-yard, you know ; but a little way up the mountain, there was a green quiet spot among the trees, and they are there— not more 'n 100 feet, say, above the track —and I often wonder & Charley doesn't still dream, when the New York ezpreps thunders by, that his old father is holding the throttle. I put up a sn»g cabin by the side of the road where I had a small clearing and between whiles I used to plant my potatoes and things, enough to keep us going, and Mary had her garden. Mary allers took to flowers, as I used to tell tier, jokin* like, 'cos she was one of the family. Then we had a cow, and Mary raised chickens, and I never see no person could do as much with chickens as Mary could. Jest seemed like those hens were allers strainin' of theirselvea laying eggs. You never see nothin' pay stricter attention to business than what they did. Never standin' about" and fool in' around, but allers at it. And then they'd set an hatch incredible. Mostly two broods a year, and brought 'em all up. Mary raised the cow. One of the neighboars gave it to her when it was & calf, and she m»de much of it. I used to tie it to a stake near the cabin when it was a little thing, for it to eat grass. Mary didn't know much about things then, Bhe was young like, and one day she thought she'd pat the calf in the stable. I told her she'd better not try it—she juet a slight girl. Now a calf, yoa know, is the most deoeivin' animal in the world. It don't look as if it had any strength, and yet it'll upset a fuli-grown man. So Mary unties the rope and starts for the shed, and the oalf fcioked op its heels aad away it went. Mary held on the rope and away she went—thrown down rolled over—nnd there was a confufiiou of oalf and calico all over the place. There wasn't no bones broken, bat Mary was the most amuzed girl yoa ever saw. That oalf grew up to be a knowin' oow. She used to ran oat on the track just on purpose to frighten people. She'd stay on till the train was' dose up, but never got hit. The mm soon all got to know her and didn't mind her. But whenever a new engineer came along and saw her he'd whistle brakes and raise a rumpus, often bringing the train to a dead stop. But she'd walk off; net at the right time, and seemed to understand the joke. Oar little cabin was in among the moan tains, a good ways from any other house, and I used to sometimes think that Mary must be lonely, with me away so mncu of tbe time. Yoa see, I was allers out three nights in the week. I went up in the daytime, passing my hoaee at noon, and down again that night, passing at midnight. Bnt I was home two or three days in the week and alters Sanday. The place where we lived was a wild region of eonntry, and the storms we used to have ap there, so high in tbe air, was fearfal. I didn't* tell you any thing about the boy ? No ! Well, do you know I took to fcim the very first moment. And that's a very curious t'ning about babies. Now I never fancied 'em much, but I tell you, stranger, it makes all the difference in the world whether it's your baby, or whether it belongs te somebody else. I've seen a great many of 'em in my time, and accordin' to their parents they was the most uncommon babies; but I could never see much of it. I used to laugh a good deal when people made such fools of themselves over their children, but I know exactly how it is now, for I suppose I was the greatest fool over my Charley as ever lived. Mary named him Charley. That was after me. Seems to me that boy took to a locomotive from the time he was six months old. His mother would sit out in front of the house, with him in her lap, when I wan op at noon, and she'd ki^a her hand and wave the baby at me. By the time he wae 3 yeaia old he'd got so that 1 used to take him up to ride with me. There was a water tank near the houee. and when I stopped to water he was allers there, and I'd ketch him up 'n ca*ry 'im off ten or twenty miles, till I met another train, and some of the boya 'd carry him back home. 'Twasu't long afore there was scarce a man on the road as didn't know Charley Latham's baby. They'd pick 'im up wherever they could find him, and sometimes he'd be gone nearly all day, but somebody 'd set him down afore night, 'n he'd come toddlin' home. Sometimes I think it's queer how the men used to take to that baby. There was fellers just as rough as bears—brakesmen ; they'd get drunk and crazy with liquor, and cut or shoot a man quicker 'n lightnin'; 'n' section men—up in them mountains them section men were mighty hard cases. What for fightin' and quarrel- lin' they'd beat Sam Hill. An' yit there wasn't one o' them chapa as would sp^ak a cross word to my baby. They was all fond of 'im, and if anybody took to imposin' on im, why, there'd bo a mua quicker'n the drop of yer hat. There waa Bill Walker. You didn't know Bill Walker, did you? No! Of course you didn't. Dead now. Let a switch open on 'im and ho run off. Never spoke after they picked 'im up. Bill, he was a crusty old bachelor—one of them fellers what never s«s nothin' if ho can help hieself. He didn't have no relations, aud he was so sot agin everybody the hoys used to say they didn't believe he ever had a father or mother like other folks. He'd hard lines in his life, for a fact, and it made him what they call a misen—. Yes! that's it—a miienthorp. He seemed to hev a particular grudge for everybody be had seen, and a sorter general disgust 'for everybody he iiadn't. Bill pick«d up the baby for a ride one d&y;, and when he stopped at the next station he was goin' 'round oilin' his engine and the little tyke taggin' after, holdin' on to his coat tail and getting hisself all covered with oil and grease, jest like a reg'lar engineer; and there was one of the station men as didn't like Bill, nohow, and he sea, ses he: " Hullo, Bill 1 is that a left-hander of your'n ?" They say Bill just turned ashy. He sets down his can and reached for that feller— jest one, square in the juggler, and he didn't git out o' bed for sen days. Oue day there came down from New York a rockinghorse, and Mary found it at the water-tank with a piece of paper tied to the bridle, n it said like this; " If Bill Walker <;ould ever wish for abtbypf hi? own it would be little Charley P" That rocking-horse cost Bill a whole month's wages. One of the first things Charley learnt to say wen he waa beginnin' to talk, was this : You see the men on the rpad used to call one another " Pard''-^-short for " pardner." Charley he caught it, and he always called me " Pard." I don't think he ever called ae father or papa, like other children do; but it was alius "Pard," " You and me 2s pards, isn't we t" he used to say. An' that's what we alius called one another, tnd he went by the name of Charley Latham's pard" all over the road. I'd be goin' by the house on the noon train, an* leanin' out o' the cab watehin' for 'im, 'n he'd be out in front, with a white rag or lometbing to wave at me, and I'd see by the motion of his lips—I couldn't hear for the noise of the care— that he was sayin' " You and me is pards, isn't we?" As I wat tellin', Sundays I laid off; 'n in the morning after breakfast, Mary would fill up a basket with some bread 'n butter 'n meat 'n things, and we three would go off into the mountains and stay all day. used do this every Sunday* and 00 Charley got to callin* it his pard's day. You see, he got a notion that it was the best day in t>'e week, 'as I was alias home with him. I didn't never?go to church —it waa a long ways; and then I thought Charley would get as much religion by going around in the woods and among the mountains, where the trees and leaves were so beautiful and the rocks eo grand as any other way. If they don't tell us that the Creator who made 'em all powerful and good, too, there ain't no preacher can do it. You went up to the top of Pike's Peak the other day. I've been there too, 'n I'd like to know if a chap caa go up there among those awful precipices and gorges and look over the country for 100 miles and see the mountains around, and the plains 'way off in front that don't seem to have no end, and then look at hieself and say whether he does really amount to a row of pins. You see, I never was any Christian, and never give Charley no such training and sometimes I think maybe I didn't do quite right by him. But, Lord love you stranger, wen he went among the angels, I'm jest certain there wasn't none of 'em had any cleaner soul 'an what he had. There was a place about three-quarters of a mile from our place, where we used to go a good deal Sundays, and Mary would read the Bible to us and sing. She was a good singer, Mary was. We used to call the place " Devil's Run." It was a sort of a creek, but didn't have no water in it 'cept after a' hard rain. It came down between two high mountains, where it wae as steep as could be. Wen a storm came up; I've known it in half an hour to have six fe«t of water in it. An' then it would bring down big trunks of trees and great stones, roaring that way you could hear it for mile*. It's got it's name because it was such an infernal place. Often I've been woke up at night by a heavy shower, and I'd hear Devii's Run howling as though it would tear everything to pieces. There couldn't be no worse place fixed for the road, if they had hunted the whole country through than right there. There was a shirp curve, and on tbe outside of it was a straight-up-and-down precipice for hundreds of feet, so that if a train went off it would be smashed into kindlin' wood and tenpenny nails. Devil's Run went underneath the track, near the point of the curve, through a barrel culvert, and once there came on a hard storm, 'n the trees 'n the stones, and so on, choked up the culvert, which wasn't large enough, 'n the water dammed up and rose, till by'-nbye the whole embankment gave way, and twenty feet of the road went ripplin' down thfc mountain. They found out tbe break before any accident happened, and the culvert wae rebuilt, a good deal larger than before. But that place the whole road was afeared of. As I was a tellin', if it hadn't been such a wicked place Devil's run was the prettiest one on the whole mountain. The bed of the stream was deep down, 'n full of ferns and grasses that Mary was altera gather in', and we could set there in the hottest day 'n the sun could never find its way through the trees overhead. As I waB tellin', Charley was born to be an engineer. By the time he had got to be six years old he knew the name of nigh all the parts of a machine. He'd learned all the signals that waa used on the road. H'.- ki,ew that a red flag or red light meant danger. That a lantern, at night, swung backward 'n forward slowly across the track, would bring a train up, all sfandin'. All that sort o' thing he jest picked up hiseelf. He knew the sound of every whistle and bell on the road, 'n could tell what ingine they belonged to, and I believe he knew the tread of No. 29J whenever she went by, night or day. No. 29, that was my ingine, run her about three years, and there wasn't nothin' in God's world I couldn't git out of her wen 8he waa in a good humour. Wo sort o' understood one another, and she hardly ever went back on me. Once in a while she did, and then she waa a perfect cuss. Yes I he was seven that winter. Jaat seven years old a few days before Christmas. After Charley got a yuar or two old I allers made muoh cf Christmas. Mostly I contrived to lay off '<bat day so ae to be home with my little pard. Some of tbe boys was allers ready 'n willin' to take my ran that day— them as didn't hev no wives or children. Tbe.v'd come and say: "Now, Latham, there's your little pard, he'll be a wan tin' of you to-morrow, whiah is Christmas. So I'll joat take your ran down. An' this 'ere basket, why, the boys, you know, they see, we ain't got no chick nor child, and we'll send this along to Latham's little Charley." The first time they did that I was took back that way I stood and gaped, a lockin' around like a natural, and couldn't say a word. And the things they need to send Charley was astonisbin'; toys and so on. Why, one Christmas they sent'im a real silver mag. Oh! stranger, them days was each times as I've never hed since. There wasn't no other children aroand for Charley to play with, bat me 'n his mother was ail be seemed to care for, 'n we'd uarry on together all day jant as if none of as was more'n seven years old. Charley bed a little room by hitself, where he slept, which had a window that looked down the track. I gave him a railroad lantern, which he trimmed and filled hisoclf after I Bhowed him bow, 'n weu it was my night down he'd light his lantern *ii put it in the window at the head of his bed. I could see it a loug way before I got to the hoase, 'n yon don't know, stronger, what comfort it was wen I was a comin' down to see that light and know that my little bay wts lyin* there fast asleap and dreamin' that the roar of the train was the footsteps of his old pard fly in' at forty mile an hour. It was my ran down Thanksgiving eve. I was goin' to stop off in the mornin', and Bill Walker was to take my train goin' back. We started from Altoona late in the evening and a good deal behind. It had been a bad day. Tbe weather had been warm for some time back, and it began to rain in the mornin', and had rained all day. By night the wind chopped around to the north 'n began to tarn cold, so that wen we started it was rainin' and Bleetin', with an outlook for a heavy storm. A darker night I never saw, 'n wen tbe conductor palled the bell I ses to my fireman, " Crazy, this is goin' to he an ugly ran." My firemanwas a craiay, harumscarum sort of a boy, and so they had nicknamed him " Cra?y Jake.'' But they soon dropped the Jake 'n left him Cragy, and that's the name he allers went by, So he ses to me, "Boss! I guess you're right there." Crazy was one 0' them boys thet's often in desperate tight plaoes, bat I've never known'm was afeard o' nothin'. I've never seen'm to show the white feather. I don't believe man or devil ooald scare 'in but this night he seemed to be uneasy like. Sometimes there's something makes you think beforehand that something is goin' to happen—a kind of—pf—presentiment t Yes 1 that's it. Presentimen'. fya can't tell exaotly how it is, bat if there is speerite in aooidents or disasters, seems like they was tryin' some way to let folks know in time, and oouldn't quite do it. Everything seemed to go wrong vith ns thai night. The passengers was all a-growlin' 'COB we hurried'em ap ftt eajpjper j and when I foiled oqt, my machine had the very old boy in her. No. 29, an I was tellin' ye, was one of the cures: eng?ii5B i.n the roa^, but when she did git into her didoe she was more obstreperous 'a a government male, lngiues is like tbesi eewiu' machines or planners, and them things. They git out o' kilter without no reaeon, and yer can't tell w'at't the matter with 'em, only they jest won't and that's all there is about it. Sh< wouldn't steam, she fretted and snorted and foamed, and wouldn't do her work no ways at all. Me and Crazy fussed with her, and worked with her, and coaxed and cuesed her, but it wasn't no use. We kept runnin' behind all the time instead of makin' up 'n the conductor swore like a pirate. He was a engineer hiespIf, and ho came out into the cab and for five or ten mile he fussed and worked and coaxed and cussed I believe that ingine knew juet as well that Satan was out loose thai; night as if ehe'd been a real human. Ingines is like women—they can't tell you why a thing is EO, and can't give no reason for it, but they jest know it is so. Mebbe we'd made thirty mile or sich matter. The rain and sleet and hail and snow was comin' down fearful. The water wa* pourin' down the mountain and fillin the ditches and runnin' much as you saw last night. The wind was blowin' a tornado, and come tearin' through the passes — gulches they call 'em in this country—in gust-H that Mould strike the locomotive like a big wave striking a ship, and almost throw her over. It was so dark, too, that I couldn't hev seen Crazy on the other side of the cab but for the lantern, and wen he opened the furnace door. But I had to get along all 1 could. It wouldn't do to slow up, as I was runnin' for a meetin' point. Just before you get to the curve Devil's Run there's a short stretch straight track. Soon as I struck that began to look for tbe light in Charley window, which was the other side of the run. Strainin' my eyes through the dark just at the point of the curve I saw a light swinging backward and forward slowly across the track. You know I wasa-telliu you as everything went crooked that night Soon as I saw that light 1 knew what it all wae ia a minit. It came on me witn a rush like. My hair stood on end. I blew brakes f screams to the fireman, " Cr««zy { Davii'i Ran culvert's gone, by the livin' God 1" He jumped 'n sot the tender brakes, and slid the wheels in a flash. The brakesmen behind didn't answer. They was dozin' in the care I reckon. I blew brakes agin with a blast to wake the dead, and threw her over. The drivers ground and groaned under me, but the rails were sleety and slippery, ana I was forcing ahead to a gulf 500 feet square down and ISO human lives behind me. I wae tellin' ye as No. 29 that night was dead square ag'in goin' ahead; bu* when I threw her book seeme like she knew her biz and how muoh laid on her doin' of it well. Women, agin, is engines. Crabbed, crooked, cantankerous cusses wen they don't want to, but where its works of goodness or mercy call on 'em and they're right there. No 29 took hold on that reverse with a grit I never seen on no engine afore. She put all there whs in her into every turn, and the whole affair took less time than I'm a tellin' of it till the danger was by. Wnen we stopped within twenty feet of the light, which was swingin 9 still, backward and forward, slowly across the traok, I ecz to Crazy, " Who's got that lantern ?" Knew it couMn't be the truckman, for we'u jusi met him three mihib hi-low, and 'cept bim there was nobody nearer'n ten miles at that lime of night. So I gits down from the machine and runs up the road. As I c ,mes up I sees a little figure in white. It was still a swingin' of ihe light backwards and forwards, elowly across tha track. He w*w in his nightgown, juet as he got out of bed, hadn't no hat, and was barefoot. Tha sleet had froze in his hair and his nightgown was stiff with ice. I comas up to 'im—well, I waa took that way I couldn't ep3sk. An* he kep' swingin' the iight backwards and forwards, slowly across the traok, and ho sea to me, he says. " You and me's pards, isn't we?" I looks at 'im a minit. His eyes was open and looked queer. He was dead fast aeleep. Crtzy ketches me or I'd gone over, which it were my legs Beemed weak like. Then I sets down on the rail, and Crazy picks ap the child, 'n' hoggin' of 'im up busted right out a crjio\ he did. The conductor aud some of the men got out of the curs and come where we wa*. It was eleetin' still, 'n' growin' bitter cold! The boys carried the baby into the haggage car, where there was a stove and took off his night clothes and wrapped 'im up in blankets and great coats. There waa a doctor on the train, and he ses if we kin git 'im back to bed without wakin' of 'im up p'raps it wouldn't hurt 'im ; but if he waB to wake, what with the wet, 'n' the cold, 'n' the fright, like as not it; might kill 'im. So the boys takes 'im up to carry **im to the house, and I follered along, but I could't hev carried a kitten. The doc-tor he tells 'em to be keerful and not wake 'im, for it was as much as his life was worth! So Crazy takes 'im and two of 'em holds a a blanket over 'm to keep the sleet off, 'n' one goes ahead with a lantern, and two or three more about with lanterns, so's to light the way. W'en we got to the break it was just as I expected, track, road, culvert, everything gone, clean as if cut out with a knife. The water waa pitchin' round the run six feet deep, carryin' big rocks and boulders, that bounced and bumped from side to side, and up into the air, out of the water. It wag awful to look at. How the child got over the gap, which was at least twenty feet wide, I don't know. A tree hed come down and lodged cross ways, and I suppose he muat hev gone over on that. Wen we come to it we was? most afraid to try it, for if you slipped off the log it was all day with v 0u I didn't like to trust the boys, aad I eea t 0 ' Jake, "Crazy, you won't dyop the baby will you ?" He points down into the break ^nd ses, " Latham we'd all be down there every mother's son of us, but for your little pard. I'd drop my soul first," Well 1 we got 'im home safe at last, Mary was asleep when we got to the house, and was seared as bad as me when she beard what was up. We put 'im back in his bed and sure enough he never waked up. Next morain' they threw a trestle over the break and trains was runnin' agin. But the doctor stayed with UB. Just out of his own head you know, bnt he seemed anxioas. Seemed as though he took to the child. Don't wonder at that, neither. Most everybody did. I watohed by 'im all that night, and toward day I got oat all his old Christmas things and set 'em on to a table near the bed, wbere he ooald see 'em the first thing Bat a fever came on 'im, 'n' wen he woke up he was out of his head. I speaks to 'im and ses, " How goes it, ?ard?" Bat be didn't know me- That was Thanksgiving Day, yoa know, 'n' I sat there by him, hopin' every minit as he might come round, so I give 'im his things and we ooald hev our holiday jest as we used to do, Bat he kep' gfcttin' worse from hour to hoar. He was siok jest a week and wanderin' and wild from first to last. I stayed with 'im all the time, for I hadn't wits enough left to handle a machine, and the boys sent word not to bother myself about business 'n' they'd 060 me through, So, between 'em they did my duty and No. -29 went up and down in W reg'Jar runa j^st as if I was at the lever. Yoa know I was tellin 1 about the water-tank near the house. It didn't we to be ased much, bat that wec-k it seemed as thoagh there wasn't ft train either way that didn't get oat o' watex just there, and some of 'em would some over to see about the boy. And their wives kept eendin' nice things—and they were poor people, too. Yoa eee, somehow it travelled about as fast &B; what little Pard had done, etoppin' the train that night, 'n' he eioh a mite of a child. An' it got into the newspapers, and the President of the road eame up to see 'im and all that. Bat he jast went on from day to day, for death stgaok'imfrom '.'is first moment as he stood there in the winter rain. From his talking while be was delirious we found oat pretty much all how it was. I reckon he heard the storm in his sleep and trie roarin' of the ran and that set him to direamin*. Of coarse he knew it was my night, 'n' I had often told im what a bad place it was, and what to do if anything happened—never thinking that he'd go to <7oin' of it hisself. Bat be gits up in his steep, taksn bis lantern and goes oat to meet me. I'd be a siitin' there watcbin' of 'im by his bed, 'n' he'd begin first, jest kind o' uiutterin', and I'd hear him say, softly like, ag 6f he was talkin' to hisself: " Pard's dae at the run in twenty minitB. I kiu get there in time." 'Pears like it was all goin' through his mind agin and he was doin' over jest what he <iid that night. We ooald tell wen he got to th« place where tbe road broke, for he ses, " Kin I git over on that log ? Ef I don't my p&rd; '11 be killed.'* Then eeemed as thoagh he was .goin' down to the carve where we foaud him. An' he'd "hivcr like as ef the oold rain was strikin* 'im. Yoa see we ooald mostly foller 'im by watehin' 'im and ketahia' what he said. Onct or twiot he shook right bard, and hie teeth chattered. We thought it was the cold he was feelin' agin as he felt out there in the night with nothin' on 'im. Then he keeps still awhile like he was a waitin' and lieienin* for the train, and you'd soe 'im hold his breath fearin' he couldn't ketch the sound. Pretty goon he speaks agin, gently lik<3, and eee: " Kin he see the light in time ?" 'N he waits a bit. Next he jumps right up in bed on his knees and screams out at the top of his voice : " Stop her, Pard! Stop 291" Stranger, I've seen frightful things in my time, but I never see anything so awful aa that was. Pale and wild, with the fever on 'in., that; mere baby was tryin' to make me hear, and the wind howlin' and the train roarin* the way it was. An' we'd try to keep 'im still,'n'his mother would coax him, and I'd try to quiet him 'n' he'd scream agin: " Culvert's gone 1 Stop her, Pard!" An' I'd take 'im in my arms 'n' he'd be all of a quiver. Then it seemed like he heered me whistle, for he see: "All right! he's blowin' brakes." An' I puts 'im back in hpd and he lays still a minit like he was listening and see: "He's a reversin' of 29, he ia! My pard—pard's safe." Then he'd shut his eyes and drop off, and smile in his sleep, like he was satisfied. By-and-bye he'd begin and go all over it agin, aud so, day after day, allers the same. He seemed to hev it in his mind all the time. The doctor, you know him I was a tellin' about, well, he stopped off that night and stayed witn us the whole week and nursed baby like he was hia own. 'N wen it waa ail over I thought it waa right, V I ses to 'tin, " Doctor! caa 1 pay you ?" " No !'* ses he, "Latham, you can't. Hia life saved mine. 'N besides that, Latham, 'n» he filled up like, « besides that, Latham, I've got one jest his age. There ain't nothm' you kin give me but that little cm I there on his forehead." So Mary takes tbe scissors and cuts it off. He kissed it, 'n put it in his pocket 'n went away. On the night of the break at Devil's Run, wen I got off the machinc to see what ' was the matter, I pulls out my watch and it was twelve o'clock and three minits It waa exactly a week after that I took out my watch and it was twelve o'clock and threo minits. Some of the n. ighb^urs had come from around in the mouu'ains, 'n a minister had come from a village about fifteen miles off. I didn't give no attention to nothin', for I was stuuned like and didn't know how it all was. I was settin* in front of the house on a large stone where Charley used to sit and wait for me wen I was comin' by, and I heerd a whistle. An' I see a train. It st-ipped near where was. The locomotive was No. 29. The boys had her dreased in mouruin'. Bill Walker was runnin' her and Crazy was fiiin'. There wer<i three coachea, filled with the boys and their wives and children. They was in their best clothes, 'n when they came by whure I was sittin'—thev all knew it was little Charley's place-^the men took off their hats aad the women had their handkerohers to their faces. I alluB knowd they was very fond of him, but it seemed as though they had lost an only child. There were six little boys, all the same size, and they took 'im u >, and we all follered up the side of the mountain. It was a mild day, and the sun uhinin' bright. We crossed Devil's Run and came to a place of level ground where there was some large pine trees. It was just over t he cliff, a little ways frota the road, say 100 feet, and iu plain sight of where he stood wavin' his lantern backward and forward slowly across the trank when he said, " You and me's pards, isn't we?" After all. it was harder on Mary than on me. In three months' time I took her there, too. I stayed on the line a little while after that, but I couldn't never go back to my house agin, and whenever I was goin' by and saw those two heaps of fresh earth it worked on me eo I couldn't stand it. As I was tellin', I sometimes think I'd like to back there, and see the place once more, but seema as if I was afeerd. I don't believe iu ghosts but on a dark night, I'd see my little Charley waving hie light as he did that night when it cost him his lite.—D etroit Free Press. LOCK.—The gifts that lack is sappoeed to shower, sensibly remarks an exohange, are always to be foand in possession of people who have strong arms, olear heads, or busy fingers, and he who can combine all of these desirable qualities is among the luckiest of men. The man or woman who is always unlucky is the one who always is blundering, either stupidly or lazily. The best " look " that oan fall npon any impeounious young man is a determination to go to work, even if his only ohance is to handle a shovel on a railroad track, and the young woman who is sighing for a rioh husband will strike luck when she makes up her mind to nse exercise and fresh air as cosmetics, try anewoookine reoipe every day, and read something sen- Bible in some of her spare moments. Luck, as usually worshipped, is the god of the jaay and bat little, if any, mcreVe^otS th»n Mercury, the god oi thieve?. 