THE ANGEL OF THE DOVES. ThE angels stood in the court of the King, And into the midst, through the open door, Weeping came one whose broken wing -piteously trailed on the golden floor. Angel was she, and woman, and dove ; Dove and angel all womanly, blend With the virginal charm that is worshipped of love On the hither side of the Armament. Where a rainbow hide the holiest place, Thither she moved and there she kneeled ; And fain with her wings would have veiled her gre the' bow should be lifted, and God revealed. Tis the angels' wept; and afresh she wept, As with maimed opinion she strove in vain, And tremor on tremor convulsively swept O'er her plumes iii a shuddering has of pain. And the angels who dwell tVpm sorrow remote Gazed on her woe as a marvellous thing ; For they wish but of pain from its echoes that float In the strange new songs that the ransomed sing. " Sister," at length said a shining one, "To whom earth's doves for a cure were given, "What hast thou done, or left undone, That grief through thee should be known in heaven ? " When together for joy the angels sang, Calling the new-made world to rejoice, Sweeter than all hosannas that rang Was the trembling rapture that thrilled thy voice. "I ""»- thine was the grace to minister there ''Sa, favoured child of the heavenly host ! To the sacred and lovely lives that wear The mystic shape of the Holy Ghost. " And we marked thy flight as the flight of a dove, ' Till the luminous vapours around thee curled, And we said She is glad in her errand of love, To the happy glades of the new-born world.' " And now thou returnest woe- stricken as one That hath fallen from grace and is unfor- given. last thou done, or left undone, That grief through thee should be known in heaven !" Faint was her voice as an echo heard From the past by the soul in tearful mood; Sweet and sad as the plaint of a bird Mourning forlorn in solitude. I tended my doves," she said through her tears, " By day and by night, in storm and calm. Happily flew the uncounted years In bowel's of myrtle and groves of palm. "Many, alas, were the beautiful dead, But the life of the race was always new, For, ever ere one generation fled, Out of its love another grew. " And many a love for man's sake died, Noted in heaven with none offence, Save when the heart of the cruel took pride In slaying the witness of innocence. " When countless seasons had come and gone, Come and gone as a happy dream, One noon of summer I lingered upon the eastward marge of a sacred stream. " And lo, 'amid a crowd on the further side, That stood in the stream or knelt on the sod, I saw though a veil of flesh did hide The splendour of Godhead-the Son of God. " And ev'n as I gazed, the azure above Burst into glory that dimmed the sun ; And the Spirit of God in the form of a dove I saw descend on the Holy One. "I deemed that my task was over then ; "Tis the dawn,' I said of the reign of love j Henceforth my doves will be safe with men, Since God hath hallowed the form of the dove.' "Then I soared aloft, but again returned ; For I said in my heart, I will not cease From my wife, till man from His lips hath learned That the birds have a share in the Gospel of Peace. "And it chanced on a day in the soft spring- tide, When birds were joyous and love was sweet, I saw the Lord on a mountain side, And with him were twelve, who sat at His feet. " And I heard him say, ' Not a sparrow doth fall To the ground but your Father taketh note.' Then all the air grew musical, And sons awoke in each warbling throat. "For into bird-music the message passed, And from choir to choir in melody ran ; And I said My mission is over at last. Farewell, my doves. Ye are safe with man.' " Weeping, yet gladsome, I soared aloft, Being fond of the glories of other spheres, Whose beckoning lustre had lured me oft In starry midnight of bygone years. " And on seas of ether and isles of light Through ages of joy I floated or trod, Till I chanced on an angel in upward flight, Bearing an infant home to God. "And a was of earth from the flowers that lay On the young dead breast came sweet and faint ; And again, dream echoed from far away, I heard in the woodlands the turtle's plaint. "For memory woke at the flowers' sweet breath, And my spirit yearned to the earth again, And I cried, 'Canst thou tell, oh angel of death, How fare my doves at the hands of men V " ' Sail is their lot,' the angel sighed ; For the pleasure of man they suffer pain ; And the heart of the cruel taketh pride To slay thy doves and to number the slain.' "I knew no more till the vapours of earth s Clung to my wings, and a pealing sound smote on mine ear, and voices of mirth ; And beneath me a dove fell dead to the ground. Leave me with God ; for ye cannot know How death takes shape in the human hand, nor the subtle devices that work for wood But the Lord will hear and will understand. And if, as I love my unseen way Beau son my doves and the deadly rain, it was given unto me to become as they, To share their wounds and to know their pain "Surely the rather will God give ear , Rosalie who knoweth what He hath known ; wildly the rather will Jesus hear, « he suffered, as I, for love of His own, " Can it be that the great Lord doth not know i;'"»"y.Christ is needed on earth again? in?' badgering certain that I may show I ne vi rounds of my doves, and may pray for them." slowly the rainbow rose, parting in twain ; And, lo, in the midst of the throne of love Wore stood a Lamb as it had been slain ; Aim over the throne there brooded a dove. -IJY J. Biawrox STEPHENS, in the -RMS IT all depends on how you look at it, or in the way in which it's put. A good many of us remember a great fuss made by a bench of Ti trates in Victoria some years ago when a 'an named Wrixon wrote an apparently harm The letter to them ; a40-h.p. poet immortalised "w occasion as follows: Hen Wrixon to the magistrates his famous uMtcr wrote, a' critic indignation the bench jumped Th"î?"vr" his throat. in Yes "thing in the letter but what we may call fun, u 11,) 55" 86 It is"? depends on the way in which its done. a "'id the same sort of thing in Queensland nationally. On Tuesday last a learned Q.C., til n Life WE intelligent quartette of jurymen, TOM how an M.L.A. in a business matter did , ' "site with sufficient of the Chesterfield lenient in his composition to three political e, Mercantile magnates. He gave them in an noV,lottei'tUeir fell titles, Horn M.L.A. to 3 Hon. M.L.C. to another, and Sir Oc«' &C; t the other' This the learned all : though was adding a deeper insult, and say. I make the juryroom at it in the same <-"; xlix 9 fail to see where the insult came in. that after" M-k'A- was not indulging in If'' questionable exercise termed "chaffing." lions Miss uii,ti»£l,»shcd and wear distinctive of Zi they must also bear the responsibilities coming treated with more deference than the Chinaman herd,~E.\BïMios. 