nr&£is«) sketchhs. » ? 'TWO ON A TOWER. BY THOMAS HARDY. Autuoh or 'Vas. Fhom tueMabwno Cjiowd.' ciupteu vir. : A fog deformed all tho trees oi the park that morning : and tho white atmosphere udhoroil to tho ground like a fungoid growth from it, and ; made the turfed undulations look slimy and raw; but Lady Constantino settled down in her chair to await tho coming of tho lato curate's son with a serenity which tho vast blanks outside could neither destroy nor baffle. At two minutes to twelve the door-boll rang, and a look overspread tho lady's faco that was neither maternal, sis terly, nor amorous, but iinrtook in an indescri bable manner of all throe. Tho door was ilung open and tho young man was ushered in, tho fog still clinging to his hair, in which she could still discern a littlo notch where aho had nipped off the curl. A specchlessncss that socially was a defect in him was to her view a piquant attribute just now. Ilo looked rather alarmed. 'Lady Constantino; havo I done anything — ':' ho began breathlessly, as ho gazed in her face with;parted lips. 'Oh, no, of courso not. I have docided to do 'something ;inothingmoro,'-'sho 'said, holding up her hand, which. -ho' rather .gingerly touched. 'JJon't look bo concomod. Who makes cquato ?ruilfl?' This romark was like the drawing of a woir . hatch, .and sho was speedily inundated with all ' she wished to kn6w on that head. 'When ho had imparted tho .particulars ho waitcd.mrtlilfcstly wishing to know whither thcso'inqtfirics tended. 'I am not going to bily you'Ono,'sho said, gontly. ' llolookodas if he would faint. '' Certainly ' not. I ; did not wish it. I— I could 'Hot ' linvo ? uceoptod it,' said tho young 'man. '-But'I'iamigolng- to 'buy oucfor-uiysolf. ? I 'lack odiooby,' and ;L. shall ohoosu astronomy. I mhall iixltlio oiiuatorml on tho column. Switbin brightened up. 'And I shall Jot you. havo the uso of it when ever you .choose. .In brief Swilhin St.' Cle6vo: shall- beiady Constanline'B A-!tronOnior-Tloynl, ' anil she ? ?' ' ShaH'bo'liis'QacOti.' il The words caino'not mticli'lho woTEofor boing 'nttoreu 'in' tho' tone'of lono'only ansibusto conjji pleto'aiardyBenhjnce. ? ,-, '* Well, tbat's'what X have decided to iIo,'Te-, . 'Publish sd by specUrftlrflngienients \rft Ir th(t;au'thor. 1 ri«lits reserved. sumod Lady Constantino. 'I will writo~to~ these opticians at once.' Thoro soemed to bo no raoro for him to do than to thank her for tho privilogo whonover it should bo available, which ho promptly did ; then made as if to go. Uut Lady Constantino detained him with, 'Have you over seen my library ?' ' No, never.' ' Vou don't say you would like to soo it.' ' But I should.' ' It is tho third door on tho right. You can ?find your way in and you can stay thore as Ion' asyou like.' ° -SH-ithin-then loft tho '.moming.rooin for tho :npartment designated, and umuscd himsclfin that ' soul of the houso, '..as Cicoro dorincd it, tin uo heard tho'lunchboll-sonnflingfrom the turret whou hecamo down from the library steps and ithought.it was timoto-go homo. But at that momenta servant entered lo inqniro whether .ho would, prefer to .havo his lunch brought into him there, .and upouJiis .replying in the affirm ative, a hrgo tray arrived on the stomach of a footman, and Swithin.was greatly surprise;! toaoo n whnlo nhnitinni. nlopn/1 of Iiio ,)!n»*^i 'Ilaving breakfasted at eight that morning, and having boon much in the opon air afterwards, the Adonis-astronomer's appotite assumed grand 'pro- portions. 'How much of that pheasant he micht consistently cat without hurting his dear pa 'troness Lady Constantine's feolings, whon^he could rciii:iyoatitnll,,was. apiohlein in which -tho reasonableness of n larger and largoc.-qimtitity argued itself inversely as a smaller and smaller quantity romainod. When ho at length had finally decided on a terminal point in the body .the door was gently opened. ' Oh— you havo not finished J' came to him over his shoulder .in a considerate voice. ' Oh yes, thank yon, Lady Constantino,' ho said jumping up. imij uiu.you prcier to luncn m tins awkward dnsty placet' 'I thought it would be hotter,' saM Snithia 'siniply. ? 'Thore is fniitin tho-othor raom, . if you like Ho.conie. But perhapB youwould rathor not ?' ' Oh yos, I'should much like to, '.said Swilhin, walking over.his nai)kinand' following her as sho led tho way to the adjoining apartment. -Here, while she askei him what ho had boon roacling,ho modestly ventured on an apple, in whose flavor ho recognised tho! familiar tasto of old friends rohbel from her husband's orchards in'lii3Childliood, long before La'dy 'Constantino's 'advent on the scene. She supposed -he had con fined' his' search to his own .-sublime subject, \--'astronomy. 'Swithiu suddenly hecamo. older.toithe eyo as ?histhoughtB'.reverted to the -topic-thu.s reintro iduced. '! Yos, 'ho informed her. 'I soldom iread aliy.other subject. In. thoso daysthe secret ? of productive study is to avoid well.' .'.Did-you find.any.good treatises?' ' None. Tho theories in your books am almost as obsolete as tho 'Ptolemaic system. Only fancy, that magnificent Cyclopaedia, Icather-hotmd, and stamped and gilt, ami wide margined, and bearing tho blazon ofyour house in magnificent colors, says thai/the twinkliiig'of the stars is pro bably caused by heavenly bodies passing in front of them in their revolutions.' 'And is it not so? That 'was what I learnt when I was a girl.' The modern Endoxus notvioso above the im harassing horizon of lady Constantino's great house, magnificent furniture, and inspiring foot men. Ho became quite natural; all his selfcon sciousness flcdand his oyes spoke into hers, no less than his lips to her ears, as ho said, ' Iloirsueh a theory can over have lingered on to this day beats conjecture ! Francois Arago, as long a3 fifty or sixty years ago, conclusively established the fact that scintillation is the siinplcstthing in ?wont speak of this to you now. Tho comparative nbsenco of scintillation in warm -countries 'was naticcd by Humbohlt. Then again tha scintilla tions-vary. No star llaps his wings like Sirius when iie lies low ! He Hashes out emeralds and rubies, amethystine flames of sapnliirino colors, in a manner marvellous to behold. And this is only onostar.' So too do Arcturos and Capolla an d lesser luminaries. . . . But I lire you with this subject.' ' On tho contrary you speak so bcniitifully'that I could listen all day.' The aslronbmerthrew a searching glance' upon her for a moment ; but thoro was no satire in tho warm soft oyes ? which mot his own with a luxurious contemplative interest. 'Say somo more of it to mo,' she continuoJ in a toico not far romovod from coaxing. After some habitation tho subject rstarned again to his lips, and ho said somo more, indcod much more, Lady Constantino ofte:i throwing in an appreciative remark or question, oftonor me ditatively regarding him in pursuanca oE ido:i3 not oxacuy uaso.i on ins woras, ana letting him go on as ho would. Boforo ho left tho house- the now astronojiiicil project was set in train. Tho top of tho column was to bo roofed in to form a proper observatory ; and, on tho ground'that ho'know batter than any one elso how thi3 was to bo carried out, she re quested him to givo prcciso directions oil' tho 'point, and to superintend'tho -whole. A woo.lon 'cabin was to'bo erected at tho foot oE the tower 'to'nroVido'biilteraccommodationfor casual visi 'tdra'to'Hio observatory than 'the spiral stairciso 'andload- Hiit/nu'oraod. 'As this cabin would ho ?completely buried in the donao pine- foliage which (OnTolopod.tho lower part of tho column and its ipedestal,1 it would be no disfiguromentto tho ge neral appearanoo. Finally, a path was to'be'mado across tho surrounding fallow by ivhich -' sho might easily approach the sceno of ??her'-iicw tstudy. ^Vhcii ho was goneaho WTOto to'tho- flrm of opticians' conccmingilio equatorial, for whose re cop tibu lill this' wnactesignod. Tho'Undorta'hing'wasnowin progress, and by 'aegroesit'Iit'cdmotho Jalk-of- tho hamlots icund that-LiidyGoUatantinO'lmd given up.molancholy ?for'astronomy; to.the,great-advantagoof all .who 'camdjn contact with bor, Ono morning, when Tabitha.Lark.had como.,as usual to read, lady Constantino -chanted to ho in a quarter of the 'honsorto which bIio seldom wandered, 'anil whilo ro she -heard* her maid talking confidentially 4 to Tabito.ih tlio .adjoining room on tho curious '% and sudden intorca^whioh Lady Constantino lmd | acquired in the moon and stars. 'Th6y do eay all sorts of. trumpery,1-'- observod fJ tho handmaid.. ' They- says,' though .'tisrlittlo | bettor than mischief to bo suroj ,thiit-it isn't, the ! moon, and it isn't the stars, andit isn't tho.plan I nards that my. lady caros for, but-for,tbo!prptty, ' ladwho, draw. 'euii down fronx.tho,,Bky,, to. plqaso hor-;- aiid.,boing a mavriod ? exuinplo, and:,,what, witbsinand,shamoinpckiuga);py,cry.ppor.,niaid1s. i dooriaforo you. caii-Bay ' Hands off, my dear,' to tho.civiHcst young mau, slio.ought Io sot a hotter Lady Constantino's face (lamed up. vividly.. 'If Sir Blount wero to como back -all- of a sudden— 0, my !' ' ( Lady Cdifttantiuc grow cold as ice. ? i ' There's nothing iii it,' said' Tabithascormi i fully; ' I ennprovo it any day.' ' ' Vfolly I wisli I'hail half !hor chimce,' .Hi«hod,. » the lady's maid. Andinomoroi.wnssai.dion.tlio. subject then.. Tabitha's. remark showoil that. tho. suspicion . was quito in embryo, as yet. Never,tbcless,,saying nothing.to, reveal what. she had overheard, im-, i mediately, after, the. reading, Lady Constantino (low likoa bird to,whcre.sho .knew that.Swithin ' j might-bofonnd. 110 was. in .tno.pLanuiuuir, bhubiih; »ii »'''« ? sticks to mark where the wooden cabin- was, to ?? ] stand. She called him to a remote. place -under: 1 the funereal trees. i ' I have altered mymindj' she- said ;. ' I can: ! have nothing to do witlnthismatter.' j '? Indeed I' said Switihin surprised*-,-., j ' Astronomy is notjny hobby aw1- longer: And * you are not tny. Astronomer Iloyal.' ( '0,' Lady Constantiue !'-' cried .the , youth, aghast. ' Why, tho work is beguu,; I thoughti the equatorial was ordered V' She dropped her voico, .though there was no- I v body.to hear even a Jericho, shont. 'Of course ' astronomy is my hobby.privatoly, and you arc to t bo my Astronomer Royal, and I stilbfurnish tho observatory.. But.not to tho. ontor. world. , There ' is areason ugainstmy indulgoncO:in-BUch, scion-, tific fancies openly, and the piojootimust bo arranged in this wise : Tho. whole. ontorpriao:is: yours ; you rent the tower of me, you build'tho cabin,- you get tho equatorial. ? I simply give permission, since you desiro it.. The path that was to bo made from the hill to the park is not to bo thought of. There is to bo no communica tion botween tho IIouso and Column. - The :c-iua-. r toriaWillarrivoaddressod.to-you, andnts C03t I. will pay through you.- My. namo , musti not , appear, and I vanish entirely - from the-- under-' taking. .... Thisblindi is necessary,', she i added sighing.. ' Good-bye;' ' ' But you (/o'takoas.much'interest'as- boforo— ? and it will. ho yours just' the ,'samo!': ho 'Baid;1 walking.after hor. ;. Ho'.BCarcely'1comnrehondod', tho!8ubterfuge,inud: was, absolutely' ;blin(V as' to its reason.-.-.: .?'?..;?, ';'?'?: -. ;v - ? ' Oan-you'.doubtl it?. ' Bui ,1 ;darc,,iiot do.,it , openly.' -' ??' - ..'-i;,.- ? .-. : ? : ; - ; With-this- Blip1 wentnaway:; -and- in ;duo:.tiuie, there circulated tlirough'lho parishi'nn; assertion! that it was a mistake, to suppose 'Lady'Constan. tine had anything to dd'with S^ithin St.1. Cloovo ? or his star-gazing' schemes. ''' Sho had, merely-, allowed him to renttho tower of her for uso im his observatory, and' to put sonic temporary fix tures on it for that purpose. ;;!.:1. '.' ?' Aftor this Lady Constantino lapsed into her former life of loneliness/ mid ; by thoso prompt measures the ghost of rumor, *' which had barely started into exiBtencc.'wns/apeedilylaid :to ; rest. It had probably originated in lierovm- house, and . had'gono but littlo further.- Yet; despite her, self ?control, a certain north window of tho Groat House, that: commanded iau ;uniuterruptod yiow of the uppor. 10 f cot of the column, revealed her as somewhat , froquontly saz'nS rfrom. it at a rotundity which had begun to appear oh the summit. To tho3e with whom sho camo in con | tact she sometimes addressed such remarks as, f ' Ib young Mr. St, Cleovo gotting on with his ob l servatory?' ' I hopo ho will fixhis instruments i without damaging tho-column, whioh- is so in-' tcresting to us as being in- momory of my dear husband's groat ? grandfather— a truly .' bravo, man.' . On ono occasion her .building steward- vcntjirou' to suggest to hor that Sir Blount. having.deputod to her tho power to grant, short, lcasos in his absence, sho should havo a distinctivo agreement with Swithin, as between landlord and tenant, with astringent clause.. against bis driving nails into tho Btonowork of such a 'historical memorial. Sho replied that'sliodidnotwish to boBovero on the last repi-osentatiyo of such old and respected1 pariahionora as his mother's family had been, and of such a well descended family aa hi3 father's ; so that it would be only necessary for. the stoward to koop an oyo on llr.-St. Clecve's doings,' Furthor, when a letter,. arrived -at- the Groat IIouso from Hilton and. PymnB,, tho ;opticiane,j with information that- tho: oquatorial'wasj ready and packed, and that a man would bo sent with it to fix it, sho ropliod'to that firm to tho effect that thoir letter should have been addressed to Mr. St. Cloovo, tho astronomer, on whoso behalf, sho had mado tho inquiries, ,that she had nothing moro to do with the inatter,-that ho. would, roceivo tho instrument and pay.tho.bill— hor-guarAntco-; being given for tho lattpr porformanco.. i Oll.U'TEIV VIII. ( Lady Constantino thon had tho pleasure of -bo'' holding a waggon laden with packing-caees in tlio act of crossing. tho fiold ' towards .the' pillar ; and not many days later, , Svvithin, . who had novor como to, tlio Great Housp, einco.tlio luncheon, mot her in a path which' ho .know to bo one of horpromanades.i ' Tho oquatorhil ia fixod - and. tho mwi;gono,' ho said, half in i doubt as- to hislispeoch,' for;hoM commands to him.nottorocognisoher agoncy or patronago still puzzled hini. r' 'I'respeotfully wish— you could como and see it, Lady Constan tino.' ? i ' '' ' . ; . ' ' ' ' ' I would lather not— I'cannot.',' ' Saturnia loybly,;,Jupitar is .simply^ublihio.i I can. soo ,doul)loBtarsr'in.tli6..ii(in aiul.jn.tbo,. Virgin ,wbcro, I had onlyjS,eqn1a.singIo ouq J-ofpro.- H is all I retiuiro to set moigpim;!''1;, ? ..- : 'Isr. it. so Wllt.como.v (Butrr- youfneodisay. nothingabout my vieitJii.I'cnnnot'oomoito-nighty. but I will somo timo this week. Yot onlythis: onco-rtotrytho instrument; afterwards.you must' bo .epptpnt .to li.nrsuo your^tudies alonp.' Swithin scorned but' little affected, at/this an nounepmont. ; ' Hilton and Pymn's.nian: handed ? ino tho bill,;', he continued. 'How. much is it?' ' Ile.told. her. , 'And tho, man who has built the hut and dome and done the other fittings has . sent in. his,' , He tiiamod, this amount nlso. I ' Very woll. . Theyaliall be sottlod with. My debts must bo paid with' my money, which you ? .shall have at oncp in cash, sincp achoquo would hardly doji Come to. tho hpuso for it this evening. But no, no ! you must not como oponly— such is tliO'World.i Como to the window— tbo window that is exactly in a lino, with the long nnow-drop bod.in the north front,: at eighf to-night, and I wilLgivo you^whatJB nooossarj'.''. 'Certainly^ Lady Constantino,' said' the young njan rospeotfnlly; i At eightthat-ovoinug.accovdingly Swithin en , tcrod,.lik'e a ghost- upon,. tho .torraco to.sooktfut the.epot slio had designated. : The, equatorial lad. . so ontirely absorbed his thoughts that ho did:not trouble himsolf to seriously conjecture tho why anil wherefore of hor secrecy. If he. earnestly ,thonghtiof it, hosot.it down in a gonoral way. to, an .intcnBoljr gonerous : wish .on her part not to Ipasnn his induenco amoni tho sparse inhabitants by making him appear tho object of patronage. While ; Jio stood by tho long, snowdrop bed which lookcclfupon him liko a nether milky way, theFronch c!-.somenti of tho window opposite softly opened,- and-.a hand bordorcd by a glimmer of laco was stretched forth, from which ho re ceived a crisp i little pared — hank notos appa rently; Hoi -know the. hand, and hold it long enough.-' to ' press- it to his lips— tho only form which lmd.ovor occurred to him of oxprossing his gratitudo. to hor without ..tho. oncumbranco of clumsy words— »a vehicle at tho best of times but rudely suited for' such delicate merchandise. The.hand vyas hastily withdrawn, as if tho treat luunti had been unexpected.. Then, seemingly movcil bysooondlhonghts,. sho.bent forward and said, i' Is thciiiighfcgoodjfor.observations ?' 'Perfect.' xneu i.ii comu tu-uigui, ii iuuh.es uu uiuui :encotome, nftorall... Wait just ono moment.' lle;waiteil, and sho presently emerged mulllod ?up'Hko'.a nun, wherouponi thoy] left tho terrace 'and struck across tho path together. Very little wassaid by oithcr till they were crossing tho fal low, whon ho asked hor. if his arm would help hor.. Sholdid not ;tako. tho offered support just then,' but 'when i thoy wore - ascending undor tho: heavy gloom of tho^'fir trees- sho seized it, as if rather influenced by the oppressive solitudo than by, fatigue. Thus thoy reached: tho foot of tho column, ton thousand spiriteiimprison seeming to. grasp, their griefs froni-thb -funeral bdughs- ovorhead, and a few twigs scratching. tho1 pillar' -with the drag of ',impii3h,clawsas.ten(icious as thoso figuring, in Stl Anthony/s temptation. ,, j .''How intensely dark .it is just hero!''sho whisiiored^' 'I wonder yon can keep- in the (path. Many; .ancient Britons lie buried' .hero; ? doubtless;' Ho' led 'hor. round to tho other Bide,' whsre, feeling his waywith' his handsj ho suddenly lost1' ?her, appearing half a moment after with a light.; 'What place is, this ?' Bho.exclauneii; 'This, is tho cabin,' said-he, and sho,could just disccnvthoioutlino oE'.i littlo bouso- not tin-'- like a bathing machine without whoels.1 'I have kept. lights : ready, here,, as I thought, you might como any .evening,, and possibly ibring comT panyi'1 ? ' ? ' ' Don't (inarrol with me- for coming alone !' sho exclaimed with a sensitive promptness. ' There aro reasons ;for what I do of which you know, nothing.': 'Perhaps it is much to my discredit tha-t I don't know;' ' Not at till, you are all the better for it. God forbid that I should enlighten you. Woll; I see this is the hut.1 But X am more curious to go to the top andiinako discoveries.'/ 'Hd brought a littlo lantern from thocabini and lighted her up, the winding staircase to the tomplo of.that ;sublimo mystery oa- whoso, thres hold he'stoodas priest. ; Tho top of, thc-column . was quito changed. ' Thoi tub-shapod spaco with in tho parapet, .formerly open to the air and sun^ was now arched over byalight dome of lath-work , cpverod with 'felt.- But this domo was not fixod. ; At tho line whero its base dostonded to the para pet there wore half-a-dozon iron balls, precisely Hko cannon shots, standing- loosely in ii groove, and on thoso tho. domo rested its whole, weight. In thoisidoof tho domo, was aslit.-through which, the wind blow and : tho' North Star boaraod,and (Awards it tho ond of the great ? told3Cope was. directed. This latter magnificent object, with its circles,. axes and handles completo was scem- inoly, fixed in tho middlo of tho floor. ' But you- can. only see1 ono -part of the sky through that.slit,' said she. Tho astronomer stretched out his armband the wholo domo . turned' horizontally round, .running on tboi balls with -a irumble liko that of near thunilor. Instead of tho star Polaris, which had been pcepin; in upon them through tho slit; ,thero now. appeared -tho, faco3 of Castor and Pollux.. S within, thon, manipulated tho equatorial, and' put' it through its' Capabilities in liko' manner. ' She was enchanted, and; being: rather 'excit ab. ', sho.oven-olappod her handsjust once. Sho. turnt. him,- f Now aro you happy?' : 'But it is nil yours, Lady Constantino.-!' ' At this momenti But that's a dofectwhich .- can soon berompdiod. Whon is your .birthday?'' ; ' Next month— tho seventh.' . ' Then.it shall bo yours— a birthday present.!! : The young man protested-; it ' was too much. ', ; ' No,- you Tnusb'acoopt itall^oquatorial, domo, stand,, hut and ovorytliing that has boon put horo. for this astronomical piirpoao. Tho poascssionxif tbia i apparatus: would1 only compromiso -mo. Ai ready! thpy aroiroputedrto bo'yoursj dnd'they-l m^st ? bo'lnado , yoiirs. . There, is no; help , for 'Jt. ' Ifdyor,' how 'hpr'volcii Jostsomo. firmness, ',', if ever you '-go.jaw.ay from mot— fronn' tbis'.place I mean— and tnarry,, and settle In a now homoolao'' ylicrb'fpri!gobd;|i|youMmuBt' take thoso ? things, equ«torialajidall,):and nevqrtoll lioir.th'cy came to,b6yo)ira,'V'; ; .?.. .. '.,...'?, ' . '. , V ; , ?' i ! 'I wishircgulilidp something mor-a for yon}'': exehimod thodmuohiTOOTodlastronomo'r.1 r If you I would, biUsh'a'ro iny fame^-s'upposirig'I got 'any; which I may dio boforo doing— it would be a littlo compensation as to iny. going away, and marrying;, I certainly, shall not. I majvgo.awayj. but. I shall novel' marry.' ' Why not ?' ' A beloved scionco is enough wife' for ino, combined, perhaps, with a little warm, friendship, with ono of kindred pursuits.' ' Who is tho friend?' ' Yourself I should liko it to bo.' ' Youwould havo to become a woman boforo I could bo that, publicly, or I a man,' sho.ror-. plied, with dry melancholy. ! ' Why a woman,' dear Lady Constantino ?'' ' I cannot explain. No ; yon must keep your fame and your science i all to yoursolf ; and I must koop my — troubles.'' Swithin, to divert her from i melancholy, -not- knowing -that in tho expression of hor melancholy, thus and, now aho. found much pleasure; changed the. subject by .asking, .if they should take some observations, i ' Yes ; the scon'ory is well Hung to-night,'; she said, looking out upon the heavens/ Then thoy proceeded to scan the sky, roving from planotto star, from single stars to double stars, from doublo to colorod stars in. tho cursory, manner of the merely curious. They plunged down to that (at othor. times) invisible stellar multitudo in the back rows of. the celostial theatre, rcraoto layers of constellations,. -whoso shapes wero now. and, singular— protty twinklors which for infinite ages had spent their boama without calling forth from a single, poot. a sin»lo lino, or being able to bestow a ray of comfort: on ji single bonightud traveller; ' And to think,' said Lady Constantino-,' ' that tho whole raco of shepherds sinco tlio bo ? ginning of: tho world^-evon those immortal shop. licrds whowatchod noar Bethlehem— should have gone into thoir graves without knowing that for ono star that lighted them in their labors, there' wore ton as goo.l behind ti'ying to do so ! , . . I havo. a fooling for this instrument- not unliko thoawol should feel in tha presence :of a great-; magician in whom- 1 really bolioved. Its --.powers ' are so enormous, and woird, andfantastical that l should have a - personal torn- in being, with it alone. ' Music drew an angol down,' said the . poet; but what.'-is that ,to -drawing, down' worlds. I often experience a kind of fear of the ? sky aftor sitting in the observing chair a long time. And: when I walk homo afterwards I fear it, for what I know is thero but cannot see, as one naturally fears the presence' of a vast something ? that only roveals a vdry littlo of itsolf. That's partly what I meant by saying that magnitude' which up to a cortain point has grandeur has beyond, it the quality. of ghastlincss.' ; TbU3'thointorest.of their sidereal observation!' led them on, till1 tho knowledge that scsiccany other human vision was travplling within a hundred1- million - miles of: thoir own gavethem. such a. senso of tho isolation of that faculty: as. almoat'to bo a- sense of-isoliition as rcgardod'1 thoirwholo personality, causing ashuddor.at'it3 absoluteness. At. night,-, when human discords and harmoniesarohushed, in agenoral sonso, for tho . greater part of twolvo -hours, thoro is nothing to- moderate the'blowwith which theinfmitelygreat^ tho stollar univorsor-strikes down upon the infi .nitoly littlo— tho' mind of the^ beholder.; and this was tlio case now... Havinggot closer to immen-- sity than their follow creatures,' they saw at once its beauty and its frightfulness. Thoy more and ' '.moie'.felt ..'the- contrast' between their own tiny iraagnitudes and those, among .which thoy had.ro cently plunge.l, till thoyiworo-oppreased with- the:, presence ofa vastness ? thoy could not cope with,: even as an idoa, and which hung about them like a nightmare. ? ] . : Ho stood by her while- sho 'observed ; bIio by; him whon' they -changed- 'places. Onco that 3within's emancipation from a trammolling body liad been effected by the , telescope, and he was woll awayin,:spaco, ,:s)ie felt her.influence^over him diminishing-, to nothing/: Ho was quite un-, conscious o£ his terrestial neighboriugs,.and of herself as one of them. ? It still further reduced her towards simplicity. i The silence was broken only. by- the tickiug of, the clockwork, which gavo diurnaKmotiou to the, instrument. 'To expect that ho was over voluh-^ tnrily going toend the'' pause by speech was ap parently futilo. She laid her hand upon his own. He started, withdrew his, oyo from tho telescope, and brought 'himself back- to tliO'Oarth.by a visi ble efforti. i 'Docomeoutof it !' sho'coaxod, with a soit^' iwss in liers voice- which': any man but Swithiu. wouldhavo felt.tobooxquisite. 'I fooMhatl. have boon so foolish as. to put in your hands an instrument'to effect my.own annihilation; Ndt a word .hi\vo you . spoken for. tho , last ten minutos.' : ''I have ibesn. mentally cottintr- on- withniy groat thoory. I hopo soonto boabl.j to pnblish: it to the world.' What-^aro you going ? I will walk, with, you, Lady, Constantino. When will you coraougain!'.' ' When your, greatitbeary is publiBhedlo the ?? world.' 