SPORTING NOTES. Pell Mell and The Ghost have been scratched for all A.K..C. engagements. Suwarrow has been scratched for the Birth day Gap. Sing Charles has been scratched forj/the Hying Handicap. The Czar has become a firmer favorite in Melbourne for the Adelaide Cup, his closing price on Tuesday being 5 to 1 (taken). There was very little .betting at Tatteraalls on Tuesday night, but there was some discus sion amongst members in reference to the action of the committee in refusing to accept the subscriptions of certain bookmakers who will therefore be unable to ply their calling on the racecourse at the forthcoming meet ings. There was little or no betting at the rooms on Wednesday night, only a few doubles being booked, and these among the metal licians. Thursday next, the Adelaide Cup Day, will be proclaimed a bank and Government half holiday. Excursion fares on the Government rail ways are to be granted to those who wish to visit the S.A. J.C. races, dating from the 5th to the 15th inst. His Excellency the Governor has signified his intention of being present at the S. A. J.C. races, and will present the Adelaide and Coriiithian Cups to their respective winners. The S.A. J.C. have conceded a tardy but well-merited recognition of the services of Mr. C. J. Coates, their late secretary, by electing him a life-member of the club. That accomplished horseman, Tom Hales, has arrived in Adelaide, and will probably ride either Commotion o? the Czar in the Cup. Sam Cracknell and other leading jocks are also over from. Victoria. Shamrock, the winner of last year's Clare Cup and Hurdles, has changed hands and is now the property of Mr. M. Carter of the Gums, Crystal Brook, by whom he is used as » schoolmaster for his colts. The following horses have declared forfeit for the S. A. Stakes ?— Lady Elizabeth, King Charles, The Hebrew, Uproarious, Glory, Stella, Cetewayo. St. Iieger Stakes: — Genevieve, The Claimant, Escape, The Israelite, Daylight. On the evening of the second day of the Clare races the stewards held a meeting to consider a protest entered against James Kilduff, the rider of Honesty in the Consolation Stakes, for foul riding. After a (long and careful hearing the stewards dis missed the case on the grounds of the wantof evidence, though they cautioned Kilduff to avoid running the risk of censure in the future. Mr. B. Coleman, 'turf commissioner,' has opened a new sporting club-room in con nection with another business that he has just established in Hindley-street, adjoining the Theatre KoyaL The club-room which was formally and festively opened on Saturday evening is furnished and decorated in a very handsome .'manner, and will no doubt become a favorite resort of a number of turfites, who intend we understand to enrol themselves into a sporting club something like Tattersall's. On the Old Course the proceedings were of a . somewhat tame character, although there was a large number of horses' out, and the tan was in better order than on the previous day. Trainers, however, were evidently easing off for faster work on the course proper to-day. Beid's, Fry's, Perry's, and Filgate's teams worked, but the Melbourne horses took a spell, except If o Fault, who tumbled while being schooled over the hurdles and rolled upon his rider, who was taken to town for medical aid. We are informed by Mr. Coleman that he has obtained the consent of all the nominators in the Adelaide Cup, except two, for the re instatement of his horse Crystal, for whom he forgot to accept until quarter of an hour after the specified time. The two gentlemen re ferred to object ' on principle ' to the horse being admitted, and as there are not a few instances in which a horse thus let into a stake has proved the winner, it is to be pre smmpil flint, tihev ant lrnon the. nrinninle thaf. *' aelf preservation is the first law of nature.',' The Kapunda Racing Club have issued a programme for their meeting on June 1, which includes the Light Stakes— £30 ; handi cap; one and a quarter miles. Handicap Hurdles — £40; two miles. Kapunda Handi cap — £100; one and three-quarter miles. Handicap Steeplechase — £75; three miles. Town Plate-^£40 ; weight for age ; one and a *»plf miles. Selling Itace — £30; one and a quarter miles. Nomination for handicaps to be sent to the secretary, Mr. J. C. Miller, on or before Thursday, May 11; weights de clared May IS ; acceptances, with balance of entrance. May 23. A special general meeting of the members of the South Australian Jockey Club will be held at the offices of the club, on Thursday, May 18, at 3 o'clock, for the purpose of con sidering certain proposed alterations of the rules of the club, adopting certain by-laws, and repealing all the present rules of racing, and adopting in lieu thereof the rules of racing agreed to by the committee of the V.R.C. and delegates from the committees of the A. J.C. and S.A. J.C, and recommended by them for adoption in the three colonies of Uew South Wales, Victoria, and South Australia. It will also be proposed at the meeting that the committee be empowered to make arrange ments with the South Australian Jockey Club Company (Limited) for a more perma nent tenure of the course at Morphettville than is as present held by the club. Mr. Steiner has made to the order of the S.A.J.C. the Adelaide Gold Cup for the coming Autumn Meeting, and has turned out a very choice specimen of the goldsmith's art. The cup is of Greek design, claret-shaped, and almost without ornamentation, present ing a substantial and chaste appearance as it stands on its pedestal, some sixteen inches high, and enclosed with a glass case. The Gorinthian Cup, to be presented at the same meeting, is also from the atelier of Mr. Steiner, and is in the form of a very hand some epergne made in Adelaide for the Melbourne Exhibition. It is of sterling silver, standing about twenty-six inches high, and represents two Arabs and a camel seek ing shelter from the rays of the sun beneath the foliage of a spreading palm. It is a very creditable work of art and is also a valuable one in a monetary sense. The bookmakers whose subscriptions have been refused by the committee of Tattersalls are getting requisitions signed that their cases may be reconsidered. Whatever the individual merits of their claims to considera tion may be, it is certain that the action of the committee is both sudden and severe, and net a little arbitrary, to eject these men on the eve of two big meetings upon which they have incurred liabilities which they will be debarred an opportunity of defraying if they cannot make wagers on the course. In some instancesthebookmakersreferredtoareknown to have been reliable men, against whom only personal objections might be raised, and from a business point of view those who have had transactions with them over the coming meetings consider*that the committee who were responsible for their admission to Tattersalls in the first place should not nullify then* chance of meeting their engagements without a note of warning to their clients. If it be necessary to purify the atmosphere of Tattersalls the process should not be of an autocratic character, but fair play should be meted out to the small fry as well as the big books. A wager having been made between Mr. Henry Mortimer, liverystablekeeper, of Gawler, and Mr. Oolley, of Messrs. Colley and Co., Adelaide, for £50, that the former had not a pair of horses that he could drive one hundred miles in twelve hours, the matter was decided on Saturday last, April 29. Precisely at 6 o'clock a.m. a start was made from Mr. Mortimer's stables. The line of travel was to be from Gawler to Kapunda and back to Gawler, and from thence to Adelaide and back, the post-office time being the time kept. Kapunda was reached at 8.45, and after a brief stoppage a start was made, Gawler being reached at 1L25, the first fifty miles being thus accom plished in thirty-five minutes under the six put to and started for Adelaide, which place they reached. Here, however, they were done, and it was found they were unfit for the return journey. A telegram was forwarded to that effect, and that the return 6 o'clock a large crowd assembled at Mr. Mortimer's, yard to greet his return, and opinions were divided as to the chances of success. The horses were evidently in too low a condition for such a journey, as they bad been working regularly and had no special training for the event, the wager being concluded in a hurry. A good deal -of discussion was occasioned in sporting circles on Friday night, owing to the rumor that the S.A.J.C bad imposed a penalty of 3 lbs. on Rainbow for the Adelaide Cup for winning the A. J»C. Corinthian Bace, and 7 lbs. on Fictitious in the Goodwood In Rainbow's case his owner, Mr. Abrahams, contends that he only won £99, having to deduct his entrance, 1 soy. from the stake, and in the case of Fictitious, Mr. Aldridge states that he only received £94 after de ducting his entrance and acceptance fees. The S.A J.C. rule (63) as to the estimating of the value of a prize, says — ' In estimating the value of any prize no deduction shall be made, except of the winner's own stake, and of any sum or sums required by the conditions to be paid to other horses in the race out of the stake.' The English rule saya— ' In estima ting the value of a race, there shall be de ducted the amount of the winner's own stake and entrance, and any money payable to other horse3 or out of the stakes by the con ditions of the race, or by the general condi tions of the meeting, except discount, clerks' fees, stakeholding, and weighing fees.' As there was no sweepstake in question, it appears as though the committee had arrived at an erroneous decision in this matter, ah the Eng lish rule is specific enough to mean that there shall be a ceduction of the winner's stake and entrance. The new totalizator machine, invented by Mr. Robert Woolford, of Kent Town, for the use of the S.A J.C. was on view at the secre tary's office on Monday, and appears to be a very ingenious and effective piece of me chanism. The figures are shown on the dial in three rows, hundreds, tens, and units, and the machine provides for any horse being backed up to 999 in single pounds or in fives, The figures revolve on discs, worked by handles that emboss a number on each ticket, and whenever the tenth number is reached the upper disc shows the figure plainly in the front, so that the machine can be worked with great rapidity from a unit to the tenth hundred, and apparently without the least fear of going wrong unless one of the cogs — which are made of gun metal — should break. As a security against any tampering with the figures on the part of the operator, the mechanism of the machine is enclosed in a glass frame with a spring lock, so that should anything go wrong the manager, who holds the key, is the only one who can rectify it. The only objectionable feature of the machine is the -number of noughts that are presented to the eye, but to overcome this a good deal of complicated machinery would be needed. The new totalizator is certainly an ingenious machine that should afford the one great desideratum of giving security to the public for the funds invested, and as it will cost some £700 is a proof that the S.A. J.C. will not spare expense in providing a machine that shall be above suspicion in the mode of its operation. The Australasian of April 29 in comment ing on the coming race meetings remarks : — We find seven days' racing in one month at the capital city in South Australia, the popula tion of which is not a third of that of Sydney, or a fourth that of the capital of Victoria. How do they do it ? is the question that na turally arises to the lips of any one at all acquainted with racing in this colony and in New South Wales. The people of Adelaide must not only be of a very horsy turn of mind, but exceedingly rich and well-to-do to be enabled to support two such racing institu tions. Is it owing to the totalizator having been legalised in South Australia, or what is it ? To outsiders the question naturally arises — Can tins competition between the two rival institutions at Adelaide tend to the permanent advancement of racing in South Australia? Melbourne, with a population of somewhat over a quarter of a million, supports one leading turf institution, the Victoria Racing Club. Sydney has one similar leading turf institution the Australian Jockey Club, and although Melbourne is exceptionally situated with its world-famed ' Cup,' that brings so many people to its course and so much grist to the mill, it is found that there is not room for more than one leading club. To neither the Sydney Cup nor the Melbourne Cup is more than 500 sovs. given as added money, and yet Adelaide can afford in one month to give double that amount twice over. It is not for us to complain of this seeming great liberality, and if a Victorian owner of horses can land one of these rich prizes, so much the better. Let us make faaywhile the sun shines, should be our motto. We cannot, however, but think that in the long run this, we might term it, insane competition must lead to a reaction and do barm to racing as a sport. Would it not be better to smother all differences and all unite in supporting one club that should rank with our V.R.C. or the A. J.C. of New South Wales ? To a great extent the money to enable the two clubs to exist at all must be drawn from the pockets of the people of Adelaide, just as the V.JJ.C. and A. J.C. de pend chiefly on the public of Melbourne and Sydney. Is it not, then, overdoing things a little having seven days' racing with two cups at a thousand sots, each ? And is it not draw ing too much on popular support to expect the people to roll up in sufficient numbers to make so much, racing pay? However, we might be told it is no business of ours, and if Adelaide chooses to come out so strong in the racing world why should we say nay? Surely we are not jealous of her and her 1,000 guinea cups? Certainly; not we wish both clubs a busy prosperous meeting, and hope the sport at each one will be commensurate with the expectations formed and the liberality displayed by the respective pro moters, although, for reasons easily under stood, one meeting during the month would be preferable to the two, and probably to those persons from this side who purpose to visit South Australia next month. A man named Snllivan, who has recently won a prizefight for the championship of America, has issued a challenge to all Eng land to the effect that he will match himself to knock any man in England out of time in four rounds in a 24 ft. ring, under the Mar quis of Queensberry's rules. TBAiNiKG Notes. On the Old Course Rainbow has been doing good work in charge of B. CoJley, the jockey from the sister colony. On Saturday and Monday mornings he was sent good gallops, and appears to be much more fit for the deciding question than the majority of those whom he will meet. He is not much to look at, but has a very neat action, and the 'kangaroo,' as he called by his familiars, will take a lot of rubbing: out before the race is over. Euclid has been treated to the same hard work, of which he stands in need, as he is still big and soft, though we have not yet seen what a horse of his powers can do. He wants the opportunity of galloping on good solid ground; and time will help him if he is required to go a distance. Commotion and his stable com panion have been out early at Morphettville, and it appears that Commotion is a bit sore, and the Czar is hardly so fit as his best friends would wish, but a day or two maymake a great improvement in both. First Water is doing very little real work, and his owner has talked about scratching him, but he may be a starter on the day. Savanaka is progressing very favorably at Lockleys, and will no doubt be brought to the post with, a good deal of that polish for which the stable is famous. The Vagabond is big yet, and with slightly inflamed heels, but not such as should interfere with his preparation for the Birthday Cup. Bella arum is more lusty than we have previously seen him here, and will be benefited by the work that he will get prior to the Birthday meeting. Royal Maid, though not perhaps at her best, is well enough to be a trouble some customer to shake off at the finish. Pollio only arrived by steamer on Monday, and has not yet been seen in public. Trevallyn is doing so well that he has the confidence of his owner and friends. Totalizator is ripping along every morning at top speed, and should strip one of the best conditioned horses in the race. Whatever beats him at the finish will be very near winning. Hereford Bay, a tall stylish-looking colt, is well and in good buckle, but to look at he is a bit leggy, and hardly carries the appearance of a two-milcrjin the company he will meet. Topaz is going well and strongly with Brigand, and Baron von Mueller is doing regular work on Sir Thomas Elder's private track, but he is regarded by the stable as an un reliable customer in public over a distance, although he gives some most flattering trials. Turretlield is variously reputed to be under a cloud, and yet to be amongst the dangerous division, but it is probable the former rumor is the more correct. The Count is said to be liearty and doing good work. ggLavinia is not up to her MariByrnong form, and has the suspicion of being lame. Storm Queen is doing regular and good work and daily im proving. Platinum, Solitaire, Lancaster, and Souvenir, are 'progressing satisfactorily.' The weather on Wednesday was wet in the early morning, and retarded training opera tions on both couises, but as it improved during the day a large number of horses were put through moderate work. The only gallops worthy of special mention were those done by Bainbow and Euclid on the Old Course, who?-with heavy riders up, went twice round the tan track, doing the second mile in 2'H. Later on Hereford Bay, with a companion, both ridden by boys, did a mile spin in _2-7. Reid had a big string out, and Filgate's, Ferry's, Sheppard's, Wilson's, and Bowe's teamswere doing good exercise, Chrysalis and SirT?eter went satisfactory gallops. At Morphettville Trevallyn and Hyacinth did a fast spin to gether, and the Czar and Commotion went in company. Pollio was out and went twice round, but seemed rather dotty at the finish. Hill's, TothilFs, and other strings were at exercise during the day. On Wednesday morning the first to appear on the Morphettville track was J.Morrison, with his string of Melbourne celebrities, and shortly after' daybreak Commotion, Result, Hyacinth, and the Czar were sent for long slow work) the Cup favorite in clothing. The Czar appears to be in excellent fettle, and should be very fit on the day. Commo tion is not so bright-looking as his companion, and may possibly run- a greater horse at the Biithday than the Adelaide Cup meeting*. than orders permitted. She will take a lot of beating in the Handicap if she continue as well as she appears to be at present. Pollio and Charcoal did a good working gallop together, going more than. twice round at a smart pace and doing the last round' on the tan at 2.56. Pollio is a very free mover and seemed to enjoy the spin, and showed no signs whatever of any weakness or want of preparation. On the contrary, he will be found a tough customer to rub out next Thursday, and it is quite on the cards that be may repeat his Sydney triumph. Hill's trio — First Water, Spectre, and Totali zator—were on the ground. The latter looks as though his trainer would have some trouble in keeping him right for the day as ne is very hearty, but his legs show symptoms of feeling the work to which he is subjected, and he left the course in bandages. First Water's condition indicates that he has travelled from home and not improved with the questions that have been asked of him while he has been absent. He will get back to his old form by-and-by, but he does not look like a winner next week. Spectre seems well enough, and will require watching in the Handicap. Pegler's team were treated to smart work, and Bishop had Mr. Hart's representatives at exercise, Monte - Carlo while being schooled over hurdles taking a fit to bolt, and not being pulled up until he had nearly run against the stone waU. Mr. Hart's Punter, brought over by Robert Howie, is a fine looking animal, in capital condition, and should liave a big say in the hurdles. A number of other horses were out during the day doing moderate exercise. The course proper will be thrown open to-day. 