DAf EBB'B ULSX BESOBI. V There is no more pie.' ' Heaven help us, then,' said Daphne M'Guire, looking up to her mother witn a weary { wistful, why-don't-somebody-buy-me- . a-sealpkin-sacque expression on her oval face. Mrs. M'Guire did not reply. Leaning her bangless head on a thin, white hand — the hand that Vivian 0'Bourke had called 'a dimple treasure that one might risk his soul to win,' that night so nymy years ago that she had rejected his proffered love and caused him to wander away in wild despair and marry Girofle Quirk — and thought of how, had she plighted her troth to him, life would now nave been a garden in which pretty flowers waved their bright faces, instead of a wind- swept waste, barren alike of flowers and verdure. She remembered how, for the first few years after their marriage, everything went well with Pericles M'Guire, and how, when Daphne was a prattling infant, he had come home full one evening and told her in proud tones that he had reachcd the summit of his ambition, he was a policeman. All these memories of the past — the bitter and the sweet — came surging through her mind as 6he looked out through her tears ana saw Blue Island avenue cars going by like ghosts in the twilight. . ' Why do you weep, mamma,' said Daphne, placing her soft white West Side arms about the neck of the mother she loved 60 dearly — the only mother she had. . 41 1 fear me, Bridget,' said Mrs. M'Guire, using the pet name by which Daphne was known at home, ' that our future must, indeed, be a cheerless one ; that the coming days will hold for us only sorry and misery.' ' Donotbe disheartened, mamma,' replied the girl, kicking the dog ofi the front steps and kissing her mother with a warm, ? lingering, I havecometostayaUwinterandpartofthespring kiss. ' Things may not be so bad as they seem. We have still . one hope, you know, one resource in ease all el6e fails.' 41 What is it, child ? ' asked the mother in hoarse, anxious tones. 44 'What is this hope you speak of ? ' ' Doughnuts,' replied Daphne, speaking the word softly and with infinite tenderness. ' We have a jar of them down stair, you know.' . 'Then let ns tackle them at once,' said the grief-stricken ' parent, starting for the pantry. 