No Fiction. The editor is in possession of the name of the author of the following singular narrative, and of the place at which it happened, and has every reason to be satisfied of the entire bona fides of the writer, a clergyman of the Church of England, Early in January, 1879, clerical duty called me into the north-west of England. In the midst of a heavy fall of snow, my family and I took possession of the official | residence provided for us. I It was an old stone house of one story ; roofed in part with ancient stone slabs, in part with modern slates ; and standing in a garden hare of trees. A wide passage ran back from the entrance towards the kitchen, where there I were two doors ; the one leading into the yard, the other into the larder, which was, in fact, a roomy cellar at the foot of a flight of very old stone steps. The five bedrooms all opened on a square landing. I ' .How about the roof ?' I asked of the man in charge. 44 All right, sir ; everything has been carefully seen to ; and, when the thaw comes, I'll warrant you'll not be | troubled, anything to matter.' I In a few days we had sheken down ; and the verdict on our new home was, 41 Not grand, but decidedly coEy.' I A tall, solid, fleshy, rosy young woman had undertaken to be our one servant. Sparing of words was she, but not spar- j ing of work. I 44 The incarnation oi stupidity and stolidity,' said my son Primus. 44 The very thing for us,' said his mother. The girl's name bring Stillwell soon became corrupted info Stillwater ; or, for short, Still. I It was splendid skating weather. The low-lying meadows were flooded to the depth of a loot or more, and one glided j along over acres of smooth, green, transparent ice. Every 1 day we sallied forth, my three boys, their sister and I, to take our fill of enjoyment in this i cv paradise, coming back I to bask all the evening before the bright golden sunshine and the silvery ashes of a north-country coal fire. I My wife has the weak habit of going to 'tuck up' her boys after they are in bed. One night their voices sounded so angry that she ran up in ha6te to see what was wrong. I Oh entering their room, she found the two elder boys sitting I up in bed, hurling injurious and derisive epithets at some I person or persons unknown. I 44 Let me just find out who you are, and you'll get such a jolly good licking as you'll remember,' announced Primus, [ gazing wrathfullv at the ceiling. 44 Oh, you bloomiDg idiot ! I wish I'd your boots. I'd throw them at your head. Be off ! I'm taking a sight at you,' shouted Secundus, nose ana fingers upturned in the seme direction. I 'Are you both mad?' inquired the stern maternal ; voice. i 44 It's that fellow, mother, that I told you about. He's I on the roof again. Just listen to the row he makes.'_ I 44 Nonsense,' said his mother; but she stood listening for I sometime. I 44 Oh, you coward ! ' I 44 Ah. you funk ! ' proceeded from the two beds. Not a I sound above. 44 1 have heard no row on the roof. remarked mother, J with dignified emphasis ; and, having performed the usual I ceremony, she departed ; and came and told me of the whole I affair, concluding with, 44 1 wonder if it can he rats.' I 44 Not a doubt of it.' I Next morning the boys were full of their nocturnal visitor and declared that no sooner had the drawing-room door I shut than the scrambling and trampling began again. 44 History tells of a certain cat who wore top boots ; but I I never heard of rats adopting the fashion,' I remarked. 44 Rats, father ! Why we know the sound of them well enough. And they run between the ceiling and the roof. I But this is unmistakable boots, with plenty of hobnails in them too, on the outside of the roof. We expected every moment to see the fellow's legs come through plaster and I all. I think I may be permitted to speak with authority on I the subject of boots ana roofs in conjunction.' I He certainly might, for he had perambulated the roofs of I all the outhouses at S — — , to the great detriment of tiles I and slates. I 44 Well then,' continued Primus, with the air of anadept, j 44 1 -am so sure it was a boy of my size in hobnailed boots I that I feel as if 1 had seen them. I could swear to them.' I 44 Come out and have a look' was my reply. I There lay the white mantle, smooth and glistening in the I sunshine, and untrodden by so much as the foot of a tom I est. I The boys looked at each other in amazement. 44 1 don't I care,' sard Secundus defiantly, 44 1 shall always believe it I was a boy.' I ' It's ihe rummcst thing I ever knew,' slowly remarked I Primus. I 44 If Boots comes again, the only thing you have to do is to wish him a good night, and to cover up your ears,' was I my recommendation. j That evening, just as we were about to begin prayers, we I were all startled by some tremendous blows on the cellar I door. My wife, thinking there must be some one at the j back door, told Stillwater to go and see who could be knock I inn in that outrageous way. I The girl did not stir. After a moment, she said, 44 It's I the cellar door.' I 44 Impossible ! ' said her mistress ; 44 go quickly and see I what it is.' I We heard the unlocking and relockingof the yard door. I When the girl came back, she said there was no one there. Presently, while I was reading, there came more loud blows, as if struck by a heavy fist, and unmistakably against the I cellar door. I When prayers were ended, wc went to make acquaintance with our mysterious captive. On opening the door, there I was nothing to be seen but the flight of steps. I My wife and I exchanged glances which said very plainly, 44 A sweetheart.' So, as the youth appeared shy, I gave him an encouraging invitation to come forth and show him self. No reply. 44 1 am determined to know who you are,' said I, nobly plunging into the abyss, the boys at my heels. Nothing whatever to be seen, and not a corner in which anything bigger than a mouse could hide. The window ? It was tightly closed up for the winter, and was, besides, blocked with snow. I was certainly mystified ; but I sent the young ones off to bed with an assurance that wind, in an old house, was capable of making the most extraordinary noises ; and, in illustration, we all in turn shook the door ; not, however, producing anything like the previous effect. 44 It m«2Tiave been at the back door,' said my wife, with , a searching look at Stillwater. 44 No, it's the cellar door that does it,' quietly replied the girl. 44 How can it make that noise of itself r' 44 1 don't know.' 44 Did you ever hear it before ? ' 44 Yes; this evening, when Miss was at the piano.' We decided that we must watch Stillwater. In the course ot the night, we were awoke by the agree able sound of 44 drip, drip, drip,' in one corner of the room. My wife put a basin beneath, with a towel in it, to deaden the sound. Presently 44 drip, drip,' again, just outside the door, which we always kept open. ' There's a sudden thaw, and we're in for it,' said I. 44 Let's go to sleep. It won't hurt the floorcloth.' But there wae no going to sleep ; for the drip came faster than ever, until it increased to a little stream. There were no matches in the room ; but I managed to find my bath, and to set it, with a blanket inside it, under the spot whence the sound came. When, at breakfast, I announced the sad news of the sudden thaw, there was a chorus of exclamations, ' Why .' everything is as hard as iron,' &c.;, &c.; The mother, meanwhile, was directing her handmaiden to dry-up the water which had come in during the night. The girl stared. When she came into the room again, her mistress asked her what she had done with the wet blanket. She stared more expressively, and was mute. 44 Don't you understand ? ' 'Yes, ma'am. But there is no wet blanket, and no water to wine nn.' Upstairs went mistress and servant ; and, in two minutes, back came my wife, looking quite bewildered. 44 There's not a trace of water anywhere,' said she ; 44 and vet, after you were asleep, I heard it drip fust upon the counterpane, just at my feet.' Our delighted offspring settled it that mother had been dreaming ; and Primus irreverently hinted that I hod gene rously lent my bath in order to escape my morning's shudder. When Tertius was being tucked up that night, he asked, 44 Who was that — person who came and looked at me after I was in bed ?' 44 Stillwater, I suppose.' ' Oh ! no. It was an old woman, and she had a funny cap on.' ?? xou areamea ner, dear.' 44 But I hadn't been to sleep. And I turned my head to the wall, and when I looked for her again she had gone away.' 44 You must have been balf-asleep. Now go to sleep quite, and finish the dream.' The next night Primus began : 44 Mother, I wish you would tell that old party not to come into my room without knocking. I had just got into bed, happened to glance across to the drawers, and there she stcod , coolly looking at mo. 1 was disgusted, and turned my back upon her. Presently, I looked out of the tail of my eye, to epc what she was doing, but she'd cut.' 44 You don't know who it was ?' 44 No. She looked tike one of the charwomen— Boots's mother, I dare say. These people are cool enough for anything.' My wife called to Stillwater, to ask if Mrs. Brown or Mrs. Jones had been in that evening. She was answered that no one had been. 44 Then you mu6t have been half asleep, although you did not know it, and have dreamed.' 44 Yes. I suppose so. But it seemed very real. At any rate, I'm half asleep now,' murmured Primus. Night after night we were roused by the voice of this or that child. 1 hc-ir mother always went to them, and always found thorn Bleeping peacefully; though, a minute before, there had been sobbing and moan ing. It was bitterly cold, and I persuaded her not to go at the first call. Then there was whimpering on the stairs. One night, wc had both been lying awake for some time, listening to what seemed like cautious steps, first on the landing, and (hen in our room itself* VVe had tried to per suade ourselves that it might be mice. But no ; there were distinct steps, as ot a person walking. Yet, though wc followed the sound with our eyes, wc saw nothing. Sud denly, there was a howl of anguish, like the cry of a large animal in pain. It thrilled us with horror, for it came from our daughters' room, though it was not possible for it to be their voices. When we reached their bedside they were calmly sleeping ; and were not even roused by our entrance with the tight. I made quiet observations next day, both inside and outside of the house. ?4 If yon please, Ma'am, may I have my sister to sleep with me ?' said Stillwater to her mistress. ' 44 Are you afraid to Bleep alone ?' 44 No, I'm not afraid.' 44 Then why do you wish it ?' No answer ; only a very earnest look. 44 Why ! Stillwell, you look as if you had seat a ghost,' said her mistress, laughingly. ?4 Yes, Ma'am,' I have, she replied, very quietly. 44 And what did it look like ? ' 44 Like Mrs. X ? , just as she was of afterno ins.' 44 Come, come ! she ought to have been all in white, know.' 44 No, ehe was not in white. She had on tbe same sort o& cap she always wore, and the same dress and white apron.** *4 1 hope yon asked her what she wanted.' 44 No, Ma'am ; I lav still and looked at her ; and then I sat up andlooked at Iter hard; and presently I could not see her.' ' It was no doubt a dream, and you will probably never have such another.' 44 No, I am sure it was not a dream. Besides, I have seen her twice before, when I was walking about.' 44 Out of doors ? ' 44 No, Ma'am; in the house. One afternoon, towards tusk, she came and looked at me through tbe window. I v ordered how ribe could be there, and I looked at her for a i ood little tune.' 44 And thai?' 41 And then she was not there. And I went to the window end looked ont, but she was gone.' 44 'What was the UBe of going to the^ window, when you knew she was dead ? ' 44 1 don't know. She looked just as if Bhe was alive. The other time, I was kneeling down on tho rug, making your fire burn np. She passed straight before me.' 44 Oh ! nonsense. She would have set fire to her clothes.' Still looked injured; but quietly persisted — 44 She did, Ma'am. She passed straight between me and the fire.' 4 4 How could she do that? Really. Still, for a sensible young woman, you are very full of fancies.' 44 It was not a fancy ; either of the times, Ma'am. I did Eee her, I did indeed. I hope you will believe me.' 44 YeB ; I quite believe that yoa thinlc you saw Mrs. X ? . You may have your 6ister to sleep with you.' Now it is not a pleasant thing for any man, still less for one of my profession, to confess that he has felt 44 creepy ' on account of certain inexplicable sounds. But, as this is a perfectly true account, 1 am compelled to acknowledge that it happened to me again and again, during the time of my dwelling in tbe Old Lodge. And I also declare that my wife and I were perfectly well in health ; and that we had never before been the victims of similar terrors. Further more, though we spoke of the noises, we, at first, abstained from mentioning our sensations to each other. After an hour's sleep, I would be aroused, as if at the command of some person, unseen, indeed, but certainly in the room. Then a small something, say a marble, would be gently dropped, more than once, on the carpet, close at my bedside ; sometimes on the floorcloth, just outside the open door. Then the marble would be gently rolled en the boards of the room, and up against the skirting board. It was an immense relief when, one night, we eneountero'; each other's eyes as we lay listening, and both made a clear; breast of our terrors. Yes, nothing short of that word wit do. 'We agreed that the first sufferer should wake the other - But my wife found it not always possible to carry out this determination. 44 What did you hear?' I asked her once. 44 The chest of drawers was dragged over the floor,' shr replied. 44 1 am thankfui you spoke to me, for I have for some time been trying to wake you, but was not allowed. In fact, I have been kept perfectiy motionless.' I have heard precisely the same sound, vet the drawers did dot appear to be actually moved. The sounds were so distinct that we always connected them with some special article. Nowrit was a chair, or the towelhorse, that was moved. Now, it was the loud snapping of a thick stick in the hall. Now, it was a violent blow on the hall table, struck as if with my own walking-stick, which I remembered to have left there, and which I found there in the morning. Once, the heaviest book on my writing-table appeared to be dropped, as if from the height of a man, on the floorcloth in the hall. Then a smaller one. I always myself shut the doors of the rooms leading into the hall. Of course I tried in every way to account for the mysterw hut, after a time, I could only resign myself to lie awahe and wonder. The nights were bitterly cold. On one occasion, when there had been a persistent dropping of nnts in a corner of the room, I jumped up, in desperation, and. held the light close to the spot. In a second, tire sound was behind me. I whisked round, but — tapping to right of me, lapping to left of me, tapping in every direction, without a tecond's intermission. No sooner did I look towards one ; pot than tbe dropping of nuts was at the other end of the oom. It was as if some mischievous elf were enjoying himself at my expense. Our boys had gone to spend a day or two with seme friends ; and their mother, not liking the look of the empty room, had closed the door in passing ; giving it a push, to make sure that it was fast. T hat night, we heard the door shut with a tremendous bang. Even had it been left open, there was no wind to move it. Another night, when we had been awoke in the usual way, there was an agreeable variety in the entertainment. A delicate, flute- like sound proceeded from the closed dining-room. Again and again, a distinct and longsus tained musical note, as of some smaU pipe. Then the fifth of that note, then the octave, out over and over again. We were greatly puzzled. The piano was not in that room. And the sound certainly suggested a wind instrument of sweet tone. I went down early next morning, and found to my sur prise, a concertina lying on a table. I lifted the handle, and there came forth a long- drawn note, the very note I had heard in the night. My wife called out to me from ud stairs, 44 That's it ! That's it ! What is it ? ' Wiihout attempting to disentangle her speech, I held up the concertina. 44 Oh ! that is Phil's. He must have left it bohind. But it was the very note ; there is no doubt of it.' Wc locked the thing up in its box, and put it Inside a bookcase ; and next night we were treated to a repetition of the musical notes, only muifled. It was not only during the night that the noiseB were heard. For instance : I was reading bv the fading afternoon tight, when a chair on the other side of the room seemed to be moved from its place ; so that I instinctively turned my head to Eee who had entered the room. Again, I was about to go down the cellar steps, in the afternoon, when I heard a heavy pickling pan dragged along the stone floor below. 1 quite thought some one was down there ; but, as usual, there were no one to be seen, and the pan was in its place. At 11 o'clock, a.m., my wife and Still were on the land ing. The girl was telling her mistress that she had heard Mrs. X ? 'e voice the evening before. Her mistress told her she was giving way to fancies. 44 But Mary Jones heard it too. She had just brought in the eggs, and stood listenining to the singing in the drawing-room. Then I heard Mrs. X ? 's angry voice again, on the stairs, and Mary said, 4 Who's shouting?' I said I didn't know, and she said, 4 It must be the missis. Lor ! how angry she is to holler like that. Doesn't she like 'cm to sing?' ' 44 In an old house like this,' began my wife, 44 there may be many noises caused by ? ' Suddenly, a noise, as if a shower of small pieces of the ceiling came down sharply on the floor- cloth, caused mistress and maid to start back in affright, and'involuntarily to look up. 1 here was not a crack to be seen. Then the two pairs ol eyes searched the floor in every direction ; their owners cautiously standing within the shelter of two doorways. Not a morsel of any kind cou'd they discover. 44 'What was that, Ma'amhj' inquired Stillwater, fixing her sleepy gaze on her mistress. 44 1 cannot tell,' was the only reply that occurred to that intelligent lady. One morning, the post brought me orders to 44 move one.' Instead of grumbling, I hailed them delight. Forwe6eldom got a decent night'6 rest, and my wife's nerves were begin ning to be weakened by the constant strain upon them. The Old Lodge had been for years in the charge of Mrs. X ? , who had borne the character of a highly respec table old lady, with the drawbacks of being somewhat mis anthropical and very avaricious. I am perfectly aware of the ridicule with which stories of this nature are generally received. I can only repeat that I have related an absolutely true experience, for which I am utterly unable to account. I have no theory on the subject. I have always felt a strong distaste for so-called spiritualism. I perceive the inconsequence and even child ishness of my story ; and yet it will always remain, to tho storyteller, a serious Fact.— J. G. P., in Maemillan for October. 