MODERN WORSHIP IN ROME— .. . THE VIRGIN MARY. I The policy of the Roman Catholic Church to disguise some at feast, of her practices from those even of her own communion, whom they might revolt; and only to disclose them to those whose minds are JulJy prepared tor their recep tion. Hence, we sometimes find her educated laity not only ignorant of, >5 but ready .toi deriy (perhaps indignifie'd) the imputation; of such; practices to their Church. We have no desire to call into question the sincerity of this plea, or to blame the feelingivvith which it sometimes, not unnatural lyy accompanied. But, we think, ;we think it right to remind such persons, that their denial can only ex onerate/themselves, but not their Church; That Church; must be judged of on these points, not; by d he private and unauthori zed assertiousof individuals, but by the . act .of her public functionaries.' And where can the proceedings of - these latter be f more accurately ascertained; than'' in Rome; ; itself ?; / ; There the Sovereign Pontiff is supreme. ! ;The religious observ ances; then, which;were there not merely permitted, but-promoted before 'the reign of the King of Italy, may, without' mis take,: be regarded 'as ; essentially- hers, 'and as such ought to be 'exposech— friotbmore to con firm those who disown 'her, thanto undeceive her too ' confiding'1' followers elsewhere. - " w - .v/i-, u-> ! .On this account, i\ve . have! described some of ; the superstitious' observances publicly solemnized iuv Rome. -And- we would. now call nttention-to the1 character of the : private ' worship, sanctioned and daily ofteted- there to the Virgin' Mary;;"' <<For this purpose; we shall 'make' user of two. manuals oi devotion published, under authority? in»Rorae -itself. ' \- One.of these isientitled. 'A' daily tri bute of affectionate prayers :and praises; lifcliV!';'! urndii: ,'> mv/ hi v-y/ Ac., to the most Holy Mary, Immaculate Mother of God, the Mother of Mercy, and Refuge of Sinners, Ac., extracted from the works of the seraphic Doctor St. Bonaventura," Ac. The other is Btyled, " Daily Prayers to the Mother of God, to obtain a happy death ; taken from the Psalter of Saint Bonaventura. New translation. Rome, 1834." The language of this translation is more select than that of the former, and the Latin of the saint is given throughout on the opposite page. These circumstances show that it is intended for a higher class of readers. It also is arranged according to the days of the week, so as to be used throughout the year. Both these little books are published under the highest sanctions that the Roman Church supplies— 1st, that of the " Master of the Holy Apostolical Palace," who is at once a leading, member of the Inquisition, and of the Congregation of the Index ; 2ndj that of the " Vicegerent of the, Cardinal Vicar," who, in these matters, is the Pope's representative. These " Imprimaturs " united, may, therefore, be, regarded as equivalent to that of thei;Pope himself. Some eminent Roman Catholic authors have disapproved of the Psalter of Bona ventura, and have endeavoured to exoner ate him of ; its authorship,; and their Church of. its adoption ; but the Church of Rome; has, at ; his canonization, fully sanctioned it.-, We may also observe that the public ations; themselves supply ' two practical proofs, that. .the. Pope's - decision in; this controversy is in favour of the Psalter. ; . (From these manuals we shall, give a few extracts ; . which will; satisfy the candid render, that the private, homage offered to the Virgin in ; Rome, and offered, as we haye. proved, with the approbation of the Pope ; and his two great councils (the Congregations of, the, Index, and the In quisition), ofthe same character as that offered to, God himself. ... We shall commence with the Saint's Parody of the ." Te Deum in which he appropriates" to the Virgin," the honour, and praise, and worship, .which the .Church, in that;:;sublime canticle had. for so many year8|pfferednp to God alone. . 'J PARQDYiON THElTE DEUM LAUDAMUS. w/i j vil';' , Cantici.e. , j/, /n ..We, .praise Tlice/ O/' Mother of jGod, we acknowledge Thee Mary, Virgin. ' All/the' Earth, doth worship Thee, spouse of tlio Eternal Father. ' ' l?To Thee/Angels and Archangels ; to Thee Thrones and! Principalities humbly bow down. . To Thee all the ' Powers, and the Supernal Virtues, of Heaven, , and all the Dominations yield, obedience.!, , ; r ; . , . ... , . All/the Choirs; qfClierubin and Seraphin rejoicing \yait upon Thee. ...... 'j To'Thee all angelic ;beings ,with ceaseless voic'e .of praise do cryi ; 1 Holy, Holy, Holy Mary, Mother of God ; both Virgin and Mother. ! Heaveniand Earth are full : of , the- glorious Majesty of tliejfruit of thy womb. \- The-. glorious company of the Apostles praise Thee, the Mother, of their Creator. Tlio holy assembly, /of Martyrs celebrate Thee, the Mother of Christ. -The glorious army of Confessors proclaim thee; the temple1 of the Sacred Trinity. ' 'The lovely band of holy virgins exulting, eulogise Thee the model !of humility and virgin , purity. ... . . ; /All the Court of Heaven honours Thee as Queen. , , _ , The Chur'cli throughout all the world sings hymns to Thee, and invokes Thee ; Mother of the Divine Majesty. Thee adorable, holy, loving, and pious, who hast truly brought forth the/King, oft Heaven; fThouiart the Mistress/of the Angels ; Thou art the. Gate of Paradise. fi Thou art the ladder; to; the/ kingdom and glory of Heaven. Thou art the, nuptial bed, the Ark of mercy and grace. . . - r/ Thou art the source and channel of mercy ; Thou theispouse and Mother of - theiKing of the Everlasting Ages. Thou art'the temple and 'sacred 'abode of the Holy Spirit, i and the noble resting-place? of the most Holy Trinity.;;, , i;;"! V(j Thou art (the , Mediatrix, between, God. and men, the1 lover oJE u8 mortals,; and the light, of Heaven. Thou art-, strength to the struggling, /the advocate of tlie sinner : Thou the compassion ate1 refuge- of the 'miserable.' /. ' ' Thou art the dispenser1 of 'celestial 1 gifts, the exterminator of demons and of the proud. Thou art the' Mistress of tlio world, the Queen of Heaven, and next to God our only hdpo.ir,-.' f- :> : -r :/-' i/',--, fif.''/?" \- -Thou :nrt,8afety to him that invokes thee, a harbour ,to the .shipwrecked, tlie solace; of the wretched, .and the refuge of the perishing. ' j Thou art the Mother , of alllthe, Blessed, and next to Go'dj their'fulness'lbf joy, the , joy of all'tho d wellers 'in, Heaven. ' : ' r #!" 'J'otiug' beutissin m 1 Trihitdtis ' notile ' Trio- liiiium " /The aaint seems - hero to! hiivo indulged in a holy'play-on -words. Tlie ltalian is uot open to ;this/gravo objection, as Triclinio " is.genorally taken .Jo mean, ; not a couch, .but. a, supping or dining room. Wo have felt it,' however, more reverential to' translate it'as in the text;"'' ' ' ' 'Jei.iiii'.'iv. .aaoiwi .v-uro n-t.n 't!i n in Thou ad vancest the righteous and recovcrest them that are out of the way ; Thou, the long promised to the Patriarchs. Thou, the light of truth to the Prophets, the eulogized of the Apostles, and also their wisdom : Thou the instructress of the Evan gelists. Thou art strength to the Martyrs, an ex ample to the Confessors, the boast, glory; and rejoicing of the chaste. ; When Thou woiildst deliver man from the exile of death, thou didBt welcome into thy womb the boloved Son of God. When Thou hadst subdued our ancient enemy Thou didBt re-open the Kingdom of Heaven to all believers. Thou, together with thy Son/ are seated at the right hand of the Father. ?m- 0 Virgin Mary, pray for us to him of whom we believe, that he shall, yet,- be, pur judge. , We,, therefore, pray Thee .that thou wonldst come, |to,„the , help of. thy . servants; who, have been redeemed' with' tile precious blood of tily diearSon. /'!/ 'V '''1 0 Pious/Virgin Mary, 'oil ; 'cause' that 'we, together with thy saints, be rewarded 'with eternal-' glory. v '-.In .uiO. Let - thy ; people, G Lady, ; be saved jbyithoci, that we may be ,inade partakersofjjthe.jinr lieritnnoe of-thy dear Sqn. ' " Be thoujpur guide Ke thou our support and defence thVodghout'eternity.'' 1- JfA)/-- /U Day by day, O'-MaryJ our; Lady, we rever ence thee. And we-desiro with mind and Voice, to sing, thy praises. :forfever.and ever; . Deign, .sweetest . Mary, now and eyerto.pre- serve us. from sin. " : ' ' 'ji ,ljHavel"mercy'' upon us, 0' Pious'Virgih), have''niercy upon us. " Bo merciful /'to 'thy children;' 'because in Tlieo; 0. Virgin ' 'Mary, hayo we placed all our'trust.'., i-In ' Thee, sweetest I Mnryj. all ,we do liopo;: defend us throughout. Eternity. ; .To,-' -Theo he , praise, , to Thee dominion, f to Thee.pp.werndglbry, -yitliout end/ - Amen.' , ;We might safely , leave, tlio above extra ordinary production without comment', to the consideration of the candid, .reasoner. The Scripture-reading Protestant .cannot fail to be , grieved, as : well , as shocked, /at finding.any.body- of professing Christians offering to a mere mortal th6 homage that is, due to . the Triune God alone. Even the pious Roman Catholic must feel, tliat in. the above overflowing effusion , of adoration and praise, something more is conveyed and intended, than what he lias been ,, accustomed to call Hyper, idulial And it/ he, would compare it, clause, by clause, with :.the : Scriptures of truth, he would, we are convinced, abandon its defence-: ; This process, , however,, we, , can only.,, suggest; to, him as /a - private, and personal duty. We cannot, at present; .dq more than , point out a ; few obvious instances, the , consideration . of which/ may , , perhaps, induce him to .complete . t he inquiry himself. Take for /example, the second verse ofthe above. Bonaventura' s Latin is— " Te roterni Patris Sponsam Omnis, terra veneratur", . ., , The Latin of the " Te Deum" itself is— "Tero tern u m Patrem, Omnis terra veneratur." Thus the very same words omnis terra venei alur are 'used in the " Te 'Deum" a,nd in its parody ; and, therefore, the very same worship that in the one is ascribed to God, is in the other ascribed to Mary;'" 1 Further, the English of this verse of the " Te Deuat," 'according to the trans lation sanctioned 1 by 'Cardinal Wiseman and his twelve suffragan bishopsf is— " Eternal' F at her, 6// all earth- adored. ' ' J- Now, " adore" is the word used in ' the Douay Bible (Ex; xx. 5.) to express the worship which; is there forbidden to be offered to any- being but God ; and which the:/ Roman' Catholic Doctors' calls " Latria.": Hence, the Cardinal's author ized/translation proves that these words of the " Te 'Deum" express the highest worship' that can ' be rendered to Deity; And 'the ' above canticle (both in the Latin' and Italian) shows, that the appro priation of this worship to 'the Virgin is sanctioned by the Pope. ' 'If, -therefore; the will of his Holiness could "be made binding through all the earth, we Bhould see " all men honour the" Mother; " even as tliey honour the Father"— that is, the Virgin \yould,; in point 'of; .worship, be placed completely on a level with the Father and the. Son for , our , -Lord ihath declared;, that, the Father " hath" -given all judgment to the. Son, .that < all men may honour .the: "Son, even .-as- they honour the Father.— Douay, Bible, i John v. 22, 23. In verse 22 .of the above , canticle, we find, .the Virgin , addressed, .as", the i media- trix, between God and man . (?',Tu'Mediar trixDei;et Honiinum"). ;i But .the, testi- mony.of the A postle is, "There ,, is-; one God, and one Mediator of God and man, ,f ".Tho Missal for the uso of, tho,,Laily," &!., "with, the approbation of the Cardinal, Archbishop, a'tici all the Bishops of England." London : 'Dol- niaii,;1853. Part i II;,1 p.' '185. '- i ; j: iTIie, cardinal's truuslation ia supported bv Fnccioliiti— Veuoror to.. adore, revere, honour, Worship, respect, .venerate, The quota) ions : also'show' that thiB word, is constantly adopted by i Cicero' to express the worship duo to the gods. ' vi;r -n-'t <) -i ; n : the man Christ JesuB," — Douav Bible 1 Tim. ii. 5. Immediately after, she is represented as the dispenser oj celestial gifts. These, however, by tbe inspired writers, are ascribed to the Holy Ghost. " The fruit of the Spirit is charity, joy, peace, patience, benignity, goodness, longani- ; mity, , mildness, faith, madesty, conti nence, chastity." — Douay Bible, Gal. v 22,23. Further on, she is described as the " light of truth to the Prophets, the glory and instructress of the Apostles," and/the Mistress of the Evangelists.- / ('.VPrsBcon- ium et doctrix, Appstolorum, magistra Evangelistarum.") But Peter has assured us, that " prophecy came not by the will of man at any time, but that holy men of God spake, inspired; by the Holy Ghost." — Douay Bible, 2.. Pet. i. 21. ...And as to the Apostles and Evangelists, our Lord left not them to the teaching of a woman ; but plainly declared to them, " The- Para clete, the/Holy Ghost, whom 'the Father will send in my name, he will teach you all things, and bring all; things to your mind, whatsover I. shall-have said to you." Douay Bible, John xiv. 2(5 ".But when He, the Spirit of Truth ;tY come, he will teach. you all truth."" ' For he shall . not speak' o f him sel f :/v but what thi ngs soever he shall hear,' he . sliall//spealr and' the things tha,t are' to /come' ' he "shfall 'show you.'"-Trlbid.vXyi.Jt13.; , : -xsr _ The" effect :.of all tlie/prece'ding glorifica tions to .the Yirgin.is, to set 'her" up as /a th reefold .usurper— a usurper of /the wor- ship whieff is due tor God only, of the Mediatorial! Office nvhich'/.is.. essential ito Ghrisfyand of' the celestial - graces, divine teaching, /and- prophetic, inspiration, which proceed from the/Holy /Ghost." 'And thus the 'Pope /ancLhis advisers are chargeable with the guilt of sahctioiiing'/.in'. Rome a daily devotion,, -which . isins, . .againstc each person'of the Sacred Trinity.' f : ; ... ; ' The i ignorant'' and misguided ; /devotee who has thus' been instructed i to 'ascribe worship/and medialorship, and sanctifv- ing grace to ithe Virgi n;fi-is /easily- led to look.to the same-being, as all-powerful to protect; to pardon, 'and' To' savo;-1 'Heiice/ ' he /is next taught . thus to address herYi"'.Make us to- be .rewarded with ijthy ' saints in glory everlasting." " Save thy people, : that ; they may , be par takers of the inheritance of thy dear Son." "Be thou our guide, and support, and defence throughout eternity." ; " Deign both now and ever to preserve ub free from sin." " Have mercy upon us; have inercy upon us." ""Take pity ;on thy children, since we have placed all our trust in thee." . " All/of us' hbpeiin'vthee; defend us throughout eternity."' To thee be praise, and dominion; and ! power, and glory, world without encl ! L!" / Could more be ascribed to the Lord of all ? could more be sought from Christ himself?, /Will the enlighteucd Roman /Catholic of Great 'Britain join in this worship ? and, if not, can he bo safe in . adhering to a Church whose ruler, - one from whose decision there is no appeal,' has already sanctioned it, . and. ..who will, if in his power, render it universal ? ' ' 1 ' Parsoiiopliobia.—Thisisa. disease strangely omitted ffoiii'-tlie medical books, but iiot at nil unknown; and' sometimes accom panied' by a very severe: attack of1 delirium; The; Editor of the Bulletin lias caught it very sadly.'- Nothing .that a parson- /does can possibly, be excusable. . The /.parsons,; poor fellows, profess, to be,. not j bettor or/ worse than 'other. folk ; and having try itig duties to/do, arid a . certain appearance to keep up/on means wliiclx'flb'' not. 'average - more than'- those of a young ledger keeper in a bank; they generally leave'thelriwives and families penniless when tbey die. Surely ifdiere ariddliere; one'should leave 'something .by; .insurance or otlierwise to feed; his widow and /children, that something must/have; been', the . produce of some; other ni/eatis than Vvli'at. /the ' scohty . church stipend afforded. Instead of/ rejoicing over , sucli exceptiohal oases; t\ia f'Bidletid'' makes an accusation'- of mercenary;' 'indtivoR. r rIt'j stirs up all his spleen to learn ) that' one clergyman had- absolutely left £7000 and -another £3000 f,ofi tlioirl widows -and darge-iifairiilies. , .These sums of course include, life, insurances wjiipl) argue;/large.,self-denial :., and .tlio .remninder inay perhaps hayo V.beeh largely tlio" result of property brought by/t he wives', nowAyidoiyed, ahdhursbd by Uieir diusbarills'for. tlieif benefit. The' Bulletin thinks tliat tlio clerical husbands ought to -have dissipated this'. .money; -or any other: that might 'bayocome /iritotheir hands, andsto have left) their families .to: ;the mercy of /a, public subscription. ,- The Lord had, not where to lay His' head /so /argues our. spribe, tiierefofe/fhe widows of clergyineh /slioiild lie'in the'konnel. or beg in tlie streets. ; Yet; if it was" not the Lord, it was : H is Apostle who said ' If any man provide not for Iiib ' own, and especially for those of- his own I household, ho hath denied the faith and i® I worse tlian an inlidel." . , ; : I , , .Emergency Men. in .County I Arinag'll.— A party of eight emergency I men left Armagh for Cobra, about a m«e I and ;a-ha'lf from tlie /town, for the piii'p00 I of:i mowing meadows on a- farm, on' the : property of Archdeacon Darby, 1 from; which a .tenant named: Wm, Watt had been evic ted some time ago. Heavy showersof rain fell during the day, but it did not prevent the men from working. The police did not anticipate any disturbance, and the only force present was two men, who walked out to the meadows during the day to see how things were getting on. The men employed were some of those who saved Mr. Paruelfs hay crop about a week ago. Some/ time ago a Land League lint was erected in view of this farm. Everything passed off quietly. Buclianaii on M'EHioiic.-r Mr. Buchanan said it was with feelings .of£in- dignation and anger that, he looked on at this savage pursuit of the lion, member for South Sydney,' Mr. Dayies, with charge after charge of the most frightful character, every "one, of them aimhig a deathhlowiat. his lipnour, and then withdrawn — when tliey turned out to bo sheer; falsehoods--with ; a: flippancy and thoughtlessness absolutely criminal. He said ho felt disgusted with, and loathed; all this infainous slander of an honourable and up right man," assailed, as he - had. been of late, confessedly with a tissuo. of- falsehoods. No character was so hateful as-the common slan derer. Hon; members would, ho. dare say, havo found' it in the course of .llieir experi ence 'that; there were in existence certain savage animals which fed -upon corruption, whose richest repasts were'derived from the offal of graveyards, who scented the putrid carcase from afar, and hastened to appease their loathsome appetites with the festering filth of the cha'rnel, house.", Savage and re volting as those animals. were,' there was a twojlcggeilhuman auimal, oftlie isarae: spe cies, .equally savage (and;, equally 'loatlisome,? whose. %eatli, was poison, 'and'iwho, lived only to7 sully imd pollule everything lie tonched. Tlie grpw.tli. .and . offspri ng: of the , cesspoo ; > he was. -.reared! AT just.; every .physical and moral contamination ; continually battening on the rottenness. .of. obscenity; 'slander and foul- mouthed calumny were to him the breath of life ; within, Ills ignominious skin no, generous: pulse ever beat, hut his venomous heart, leaped with joy, and; gloated over the prospect of .stabbing, with, ;iiis foul: and: pestilent tongue the weak and ; defenceless.! .The four-legged ; brute was surely baleful enough, butthe two- legged, monster in human shnpe called for a deeper and a more , inveterate detestation;; (Hear, hear/) " i: Sir' Henry". f-Parkes— 1 The: ; Pre mier's removal to the quiet and fresh breezes; of bis mountain residence have been of great service to: his health,. which jis, steadily im£ proving." Wo believe' a' long iudulgeneeTiri; such rest and refreshment, together with the' advantage of living at home, will be found far mqi oefficacious than ;any possible change I to' England or elsewhere. While- he was- away lie worked too much, and rested "too little. ' r . Tlie SociallSyil. — Wo have received a paiiiphlgtiby tlngRev. J.,Kirhy on tho abovo. delicate subject. Tlie terrible evils ntteiidant' on and consequent to, the sins here exposed are acknowledgedjby all,; and;it: must bu con fessed : that;: no remedy has ;yet been found. Mr. Kirby proves the failure; of government regulation and license, by statistics from those countries, oapecially Franco, wlierb they hnvo been largely 'tried, and; lie ; offers 'valuable suggestions .which would tend to diminish the evil. : It is not a subject: on which we can very minutely touch in ;a;family paper such as ours, but we wish Mr Kirby good success. We .may remark the injustice with which sueh efforts aro al ways treated by worldly men. In a late issue of the Herald one of its own correspondents from beyond N.S.W. wrote a spiteful bit of untruth about the movers in this matter representing them as'fanatics who laid it down that " overy wo man wns pcrfectly virluous until led astray by betraying iiian, &c;"'; We need not say that no such optimism is indulged by the persona alluded to, who are quite wise, practical, and given to use, common sense. - Yotiugwith : tlie . CliiefS— Mr. Cooke in Parliament ncknowledged that. being himself - uuiiifornied on a subject,' he voted with the Government, relying ointlio Wisdom of tlie chicifs. \Ve,ci oust -.say we canhot blame him. No one can bo excepted tdknowieyery- tliing and on a legal point it would be quite natural that a la'innh should think hiinself safestlin voting jwith the Attorney-G-eneral, if hedind confidence in that gentleman. JThe same rule would apply to many, other matters debated in Parliament. _ S ; Etteiratuire— iriieiliteraturb' of 5the J 'SvemiJg jVeios is a fiiiej exainple-jpf .the kind called "'slip, slip. In a diatribe on Josepli Cook, on Wednesday, for- his disapproval jof t'10, stage, it, has, ." Caflyle said theBiitish nation consisted" 'o'f :25 iriillions ' of people, chiefly fools. Mr. Cook's pecuniary successes in this i.countrj', .prove that Caflyle ought to have included Australia' in his "sweeping sahro."; Now Cnrlyle inever mentioned the British nation, and ; he did includ'eAustralia, for itwas the World tlnit lie iiienton'ed as pos- sessiqg sii.mnny inilli6ns, &c.i; But what waste of words I The News, saying, this proves no thing., against Mr. ;Cd«k'8 disparagement of the stage. He might, just'ds well say it of the hoastrd thoiisnnds: who are alleged to be tfa at-8 ' 'i0- 7 News.: Si range to say, he News its'ell, in the same ,art icle; states, as strongly, as ;Mr. L'ooke, all --the latter would say, -thus, "it is; an undoubted fact that io theatre has caused: the ruin or numbers of ®en and women." ; Certainly one could scarcely say inore for it; thnn tliis. :: tIie Eensits Pa ri,, u -t'ar that among other valuable papurs, those containing the religious returns irijo1'-06"8-.8' tof»ell,or'- with those of prisons crime, and charitable institutions, have, perished in'the burning of the Garden Palace. We have been impatiently waiting for those returns, which wo have : been informod con tained some very startling revelations of 'the true nature andirespdctability of that Ciiltico- popish population which gives the Catholic vote, i' ' ! ; ' ' : ' ' ' ' ; : ' Daniel O'C. — It -is. a-igreati-pfydMr;' O'Connor,, M.P., on nearly every occasion when he is correctly reported and itvdoes not read to the satisfaction of his' head or his pocketj he comes out on the next chance to correct, improve, or contradict it. This he did on Wednesday riiglit, after being fairly reported in Wednesday's paper as having said some thing about Mr. Davies, M.P., and Government contractors. We all know how he turned aboiit; te Parkes in his in his Domain speech. Prince Alfred Hospital.— On Monday ' this long-expected hospital was opened by H. E. Lord Loftus, who referred emphatically, as did also the address read to H. El by i Sir Alfred Stephen, to the atrocious attempt on the life of Prince Alfred by the Rev. Father O'Farrell, deacon in holy orders of the Papal Church, and the Bhock sustained by the people of N.S.W. on that occasion. The cost has amounted to £110,000, of which £40,000 are from private subscriptions. Some £70,000 will be further required for the re maining two pavilions. Mr. J. Dal ton, J.P., and tlie Land League. — We are glad to see that the scandalous conduct of the magistrates lending themselves to the promotion of a meeting in favour of a body formerly pro claimed to bel unlawful, lias not been allowed to pass unchallenged. Mr. Cooke, in Parlia ment, called the attention of the Minister of Justice to the fact that Mr. J. Diilton, J.P:, presided at a meeting of the Land League in the Orange School of Arts. Mr. Foster said that further enquiry was being made. Priest Backlius and liis Plum. — The accumulation by this Vic torian Priest of over £100,000 in a period of thirty years lias been, we think, very unfairly canvassed. Even our respected contemporary, the Victorian Banner , lias a letter which : calls the very fact a sin, and says that a Protestant clergyman having £100;000 at his death would be contemned, and- called a " money rgfubbcr." Now, the accumulation of £100,000, ima life of thirty years, and ; leaving the' - sum to tho chiirch, would ' bo a proof of self-denial and ' of devotion to the church, but a disproof of money-grubbing. : Of ; course -Mr/: Backhus could not have accumulated: such'.' a 'sum by savings from the income of a Priest;-.; He bought'Vland/'in r places '''where.1 no one" 'elso antici pitted ' value, and 'getting it for : a : more trifle; lie was laughed- at for 'his folly . ' The land became 'valuable,' and instead -of living, as a rich man on the1 gains, he denied1 hitiisel f, and left it to be used by the church after -his death. ; We see nothing but.what is admirable here, and5- if a protostant "clergy man 1 does the Slimes we shall not call him a " money grubber." Wedielibveitho 'late'Protestant 'Bishop of New castle enriched his diocese by Joaving a large siim accumulated iduring Miis lifetime by suc- cesst'uliinvestments in : sheep -stations, - arid' he' he wakigreatly' extolledf.anrl 'deserved' praisb. Even1 apart i'froiri the ' eudowrrierit i:of :MtheJ church, we can see no more reason against' a clergyman tlian 'against a Iayinarl's wealth. .Wealth ".is good of ill'according as it'.ib used.- ' ! f Pllilf i>< ! or I Pllillip.Wb : al ways hitherto supposed that- the church over which the > Rev; John Langley so- worthily 'presides, was cal led by the name ipf ' that Apostle, or ' itlmtiDeacbn named first' in; the Jibadirig, St;1 Philip. It appoars we were mistaken. Four times,: ini daily advertisements, respecting tlie sclioolsJof (that parish,1 this week is the second, 'name 'substituted.' It is too often repcatedto be a mere . compositor's: error;1 'Like Pliillip- street :and Phillip: Ward, then the church mii'st1 bo dedicated'! to Governor ' Phillip— not to Saint',1 Philip or .'"perhaps- his 1 Excellency has'.heen cftnonized— the :Popo does such strange ithings now-a-'day's. After making a- learned D.D. of Dean Sheridan, nothing is past'him. u 1 i : " 'V Riddle by Bp; Wilberforce.— ! (Man1 cannot live witliout iny first ' V; By day>nnd night 'tis used, ' My second is by all accursed,' i: By every one abused. . My i whole is- never seen by day, 1 .ITis never used' bj nights ; 'Tis dear to friends \yhen far away, But'liateful wlieii 'insight.'-' Speakiug lies in liypocrisy. — -'1'liu' i'acully - of false denials us: very! much- cultivated;, in: theifRoman Catholic; Church. \Yoikno'w.;liow theys(a/its' of >the papacy was claimed; on tlie- grouiid . of forged1 ;decretals,' and now, continues its: claims notwithstanding tho nd mission of , the;; forgery; : Even bo con- troversionalistsjike priest Bermingliarn when they think i it .safe' in country .'parts,', do not scruple, to deny the forgeries and i assert tho original. idecretals, donations and ' all.7 " Wo have. more than once alluded to 'Archbishop Polding's , denial'! on oath 'of the patent fact that, indulgences, had ever been sold at all; Lately one road and heard repeated denials of any, inurders, or:mutilations .under the land league agitation,: in . Ireland.:-': They were' all said to be base inventions of the English press, or government. The latest J.1 denial-"' brought to our. notice refers to .( the recent case of tho priest who. was reported in the Evening News to have been unable to stand still; to find the place in .his book, or even toiputon his 'head covering.at his attempted service at. the grave of one. of his flock. , The husbaucl of this woman, wlio is well known, reported tlie cir cumstances to, the Church uutliofities, who replied that an. investigation:: had been held, and. that; the priest was punished. Yet we find in the Port Adelaide Netos a favouring allusion to the letter of a Mr. P. Slattery to another paper, asserting that.: lie Mr. Pat rick Slattery had made enquiries in Sydney regard ing the statement copied from a - Sydney paper, 'that a Roman Catholic priest i was guilty of appearing at a funeral ceremony !in a drunken condition, and finds that it is entirely false." Herb is an impudent denial down at< Adelaide of a perfectly attested fact. Mr. Slattery clearly never made any inquiry at all of persons who ought to be able to give him information — namely, of Mr. Jones who com plained to the Vicar-General, of tho Vicar- Gcneral who punished the priest, of those who stood by tho grave, of the person who picked up the priest's hat. Denial .is a fine tiling at a distance. Outrage by a R. C. Priest.— At the Liverpool Asszes, betore Mr. J ustice North, the Rev. Patrick Pacificus Wade, a Roman Catholic Priest, of Darlington, ! was indicted for having criminally assaulted: Charlotte Henderson, a little girl; of five years of age, in Prince's Park, Liverpool, on tho : afternoon of the 20th July. From the case for the prosecution it appeared that the prisoner accosted the little girl as she. was ' playing with Borne young companions in the park, and after asking her to sit on! the grass ; under his umbrella, he committed the offence,: having previously sent her little brother! on an errand for him. Tlie girl was found after-: wards to be terribly injured., . From the information given by the children, the prisoner; was arrested noxt day while walking in the park. He was then dressed somewhat differ ently, having on a pair . of black trousers, whereas on the previous day he was wearing a- light .pair, but. lie was tideritified iby iitho childrenj and a young woman inamed Wilson also. identified him as the man iwliosHad passed the; night! with her; in a house/of. ill-fame on the . date of ,ther al leged 'outrage. For : the defence the identity of the prisoner was not; denied, butiit was strongly ; contended by Mr. Porter, Q.C.," with iwhom iwas Dr. Commins, M.P., that the .more: serious offence! had not. been committed, land that the case was one of indecent assault oiily.. The prisoner . was acquitted, on .the charge of rape, and' pleaded guilty, to indecent assault. t He was sentenced to two years' imprisonment with hard labour. 