A LOCAL fiUDUBT. It ia annooDced that the Y* &T.; Mn'aal Improiemeat Society wilt to-morrow eveniog, ezbibit their power to please with music, song, reading and debate. The subject choset (or the interlude is imposing in ils magnitude, Bud as Wire&l; as the phantom of the Boocken, the mirage in the desert or Pepper's ghost.. The tenure of land must be regulated by the nBe that can be made of it, our experience in Victoria IB that this question is unsuited for debate on the Btump, the platform, jorfn the forum. On Friday etjaiint;, there will be" another < gathering, the relation of the Government to the governed will be considered frith the light-ol recent experience of what may happen to J-P's from defects in the law,"or arbitary administration. Tha qdes'ion concerns all classes of society, for as in the days ot Solon the laws are like cobwebs where the small and simple flies are . only caught, whilst the bois erous gr<!at ones break their way Through with the help of the lawyer. The case in illustrnticn seems to be ot a complex character in wh.cti dojtors of the law differ in opinion, eo that it will require calm deliberation and <>arn>-i!T ac'io i to unravel the. tangled web, and mak» hat plain which is now crooked and dangerous. If judges have reud the law as the legislature ictended (begs little can be said, for even in Sparta the King, when asked who was master, replied the laws, and next to them the magistrates. It the judges have failed to read aright the legislature, the people who elect ihe law makers must eee that a remedy is provided. On the 28th instant the Shire Council pro. pose to confirm an order to adopt certain sections of the thirteenth schedule of the Local Government Ac, described by eome writers as Draco's second edition, with additions of pains and penalties to those included in the statues now in force. Ii it is deairal>le to add to our obligations, there is great objection to the selection made, and greater, publicity should be given, for the reason tlat moves iher Shire" Con'ncil to action now ou the eve of. a radical cjDsolida-ion of the statutes that may render their work useless, And the expense -incurred a dead loss. ' The' provision of the 239 section of the Local Government Act, provides that .every byelaw shall be published st length in the Government Gazette, a costly affair for a doubtful benefit and though' the :23S section of the act con'ains a saving j roviaion, it is of limited proportions, and does not protect the chairman or councillor-* - of a municipality who shall affix the common seal'of tbe municipality to any bye-law' not in compliance with the section "named. 