The Novelist, Fighting Her Own Battles. A STOET OF TO-DAY. BY MBS. M. V. VICTOB. CHAPTER XIII.-How REGINA MADE AN END , ' OP IT. The excitement in Newport was as inn to say the least, as it was in Saratoga once a certain railroad king betook unto hims second wife, when the story of the illegal riago crept about, as it began to the day fe ing its discovery. Harold had not thought, in his angui mind, at the first interview, to buy the siler his informer, and it was no part of Charles : wick's plan that it should remain unknown. Consequently,when Harold saw him the se time, and attempted to induce him to be si it was too late. The delightful story once 01 was impossible to cageifc; it flew wildly lip to lip, from hotel to hotel 5 it reached York, and came out in the daily papers, heirs wore everywhere congratulated on rece ing their lost estates. ^ - It was a tremendous effort required of Ha to conceal his distress when people believed he ought to bp overjoyed. He longed to get a .to the grand solitudes of nature, far from sickening scandal. Some had a hint of his having been dupe« the beautiful adventuress; but as there was . thing positive known about this, and as yo Van Schiller was a man not to be trifled with, idea travelled about mysteriously, disowned welcome wherever it found its way. No 1 dared to speak of it openly. Miss Arlington was one of those who hean She believed it. There was to her internal dence of its truth. This then, was the woi who had been her successful rival. The r time she met Harold she passed him with a SL scornful bow. That day she announced her '???,? tention of deserting Newport for a week or two pay a flying vi vit to the Isle of Shools ; and next morning took her departure. Mrs. Hamilton had written to their lawyei come up to Newport and advise them what st to take. Harold told her of "Mrs. Chuinley resignation, and that there would be no troub bnfc the li'tie lady had a matter of importance her mind which she did not confide to her b ther. He only waited the lawyer's arrival fore starting on his western tour, for it was ñ about the first of September, and the hot w< ther was moderating. Meantime, in the Van Schiller cottage, an 1 happy family were preparing for removal. Th< was not much to do, only to pack their wardrob for there was not so much asa silver spoon 1 longing to them. .She knew by their curious glances and chang deportment, that tho servants had heard t v gossip which she knew was circulating. Yes, s felt that she was regarded as a monster, that . {. she ventured into the street she would be f< lowed and hooted at by boys, if not mobbed. Y her wonderful power (the magnetism of her w as well as her beauty) had never been put to severer test than now, when tried upon her hous hold. Not a servant cared to insult her by r ferring to her downfall, or refusing to obey a order; they all, indeed, treated her with ii creased kindness, while their stolen looks showe only compassion. Where she was to go, what d with her mother and sisters, she had not décidée She only felt that she must getaway where sh waB not known. She thought of taking up he fabode in some inland village, where living wa cheap, and opening a school. In the afternoom of the third day some on rung the door-bell. Could it be Harold ? Sh sank into a chair, pale and trembling ; but no it was only a boy who had brought a note to hei As the waiter handed it to her she saw that i was in Harold's writing. The moment the bo; left the room she tore it open ; not a word, onl; a .cheque on a New York Bank for 10 JO dollars Charity ! from him ! tb was signed by his name, and she kissed i tenderly bafore tearing up the cheque. I ?Harold could have secretly witnessed that act he, would at least have seen that this nionstei lovel him. ,As it drew toward sunset, Keginafelt a yearn ing to look once more on the ocean. There wat ?:' v a path leading from a little gate at the back of the garden, and winding down the cliffs ; for th< ?<\,; cottage stood not more than 200 yards from th< %W~ water. Always with her window open at night, yff ' she could hear its deep, never-ending moan, sc 1 : like the voice of her own soul. She put on a black scarf and veiled hat, and took her way tc a favourite resort of hers-a small platform ol " " rook, shut in on two sides by higher rocks.entered " with some difficulty at tho third side, and facing the sea on tho fourth. It not only faced the ? .. ocean, but it hung directly over the bay, whose waters here had almost tho power of the sea ?iv itself. It was a sheltered nook, whore ono might dream for hours undisturbed, if no other wanderer, similarly inclined, chanced upon the plaoe. When Regina roached it the'sun wa3 setting, as she could tell by the fiery clouds floating over the far, dark water. Thero was a shadow over every " . thing, for tho north-west was black with an im ~ pending Etirir; tie 00 ai wai dull and nielar. .* -, choly, but very quiet just then, as if waiting in ' v. * silent îexpectancy tho wild winds which would \- soon lash it into a cry of anger. The edges of tho scattering clouds which had broken from the main body burne.i with a lurid red, and the light . ' which streamed under them had a peculiar yellow tinge. This w ts such rtn hour and ueonc as Regina loved. To-day it fitted her mood io perfection. Sho flung her sha%vl on tho rook and sat down' leaning her head in her hand, and gazing off at » tho groy expanso with thoso sad, divino eyes lier ears vaguely lis toiling to the profound under tone that came up from below. With her hat her lap, and her beautiful pale face turned the sea, she sat motionless, great tears at int< vals rolling out of her eyes, and falling on h cheeks, for she was unconscious of them ai made no attempt to yipe them away. A stroi wind blew out of the hurrying rack, undoii her long, glittering hair, and showering it do\ on her shoulders, held it out behind her 1 ke glimmering banner. Its cold, rude touch was precious to her j seemed as if the air of Heaven thought her wc thy of its caress. White foam began to gather on the crest of tl inrushing waves, and the sigh of tho wate against the rock to change to a roar. The dai shadow doepened-a spirit of rae e and tumni of defiance, of wild power and freedom, w abroad. It suited her mood. Like Byron, si would be a "part of the tempest." She con weep with the clouds, she could rage with tl wave3. " Oh, God ! how desolate I am !" she moane She had been there some time, until the gla: of sunset was almost gone, and an unearthly tw light prevailed, in which her face looked lil that of a ghost, or of a pallid spirit-when, su< denly, she became aware that some one was nei her. She arose to her feet, turned, and ni< Harold face to face. "Harold!" she cried, in a sharp, entreatin voice, holding out *aer arms toward him, whil the wind blew back her hair and black garment until she looked still more like some flying spiri " Do not go until I have told you one thinj Harold, stop ! you shall not go until you hea me!" He obeyed, returning her gaze with one < haughty gloom. . " Whatever may have been my faults, at leas I did love you. We were made for each othei Oh, Harold, you know that our thoughts answe each other, that our hearts beat together, tha our hands Beek one another's, that we bolong t each other-that God meant us for mates ! II ai old, I have been a poor, tried, overburdened gir] trying to do right but net always knowing how I do not wish to marry you now-I do not hop to, certainly. All that I ask in _ my poverty, ii my disgrace, in my desolation, is-that you wil not believe the lies of that cowardly enemy o mine, Charles Bostwick." " Do you mean to say that he has slandero( you ? that you were not a wife before you marriet my father ?" asked Harold, taking a step towart her, his face lighting up. " If so, why did yoi write mo that note which meant confession ?" " 1 had been married in England, but-but," her quivering lips refused to go on, seeing th< gesture of contempt which he made. "That is enough," he said, sternly. "Tor have been a wife, and yet you knew that I lovec you, believing that you had never been touchée by another. You, a wife, would have palmee yourself off on me as a girl. That ono deception destroys all faith in your word." " But, Harold, hear me for justice s iko ! 1 had no opportunity-you must seo that I had nc opportunity. I sent for you that last evening, tc tell you." Tho rain, which had boen threatening, now began to fall. Neither of them heeded it. He j answered her : " Yes, to tell me, when you found confession unavoidable. In all the weeks of our acquaint anco, when I sat :with you alone evening af tei evening, you did not tell me." " I was afraid-oh, I was afraid that you would turn-" "From the woman who married one man while bound to another, and then sought to pass herself off as an innocent girl on tho third infatuated fool. I understand itali now. Your confession did not come until you were forced to it. You would have kept silence with a vengeance if that man had not betrayed you." He looked at her with what she took for piti less Ecorn. Sho saw not one softening line in all his hard, set face. The rain was deluging both of them, the darkness increasing, and the wind howling as if it were a spirit of revenge. She threw herself before him, she leaned her forehead against his knee, and sobbed out : " Do pity me, do pity me ! I have always had such troubles ! Oh, I dreamed of being happy at last with you !" " Of being rich, you mean," he answered, coldly. The waves beat against the cliff until it seemed to tremble. The wind raged, the storm thick ened, until only the blinding lightning showed him tho figure on its knees before him ; the ghastly face, - uplifted with aw ul eloquence to plead her cause. Regina hoard the'cruel taunt, and tho blood ran like fire through her veins; she forgot her mo ther, her little sisters, all that she had suffered for them, and resolved still to suffer. Her life, ever since she was li, passed through her mind -a weary, dreary, soul-sickening panorama. How had she ever toiled along that thorny road, bearing such ^burdens ? She wondered at it ; it seemed to her that she could never take another atop on. that path. " Harold, listen to mo ! I did not know that that man-Colonel Chumley, whom I married, was alive when I married again." " You did not take the trouble to ascertain, I dare say." " Oh, how bitter you are-how harsh ! It doé3 not seem as if it were my Harold." " Como," he said, raising her to her feet, ''this is no placo for you or mo. You are drenched through. Go home." "Home?'' sha repeated, wearily. "I have none. How eau I live in this world withouta spot of it to call my own-slandered, abhorred, thrust out ! Why, it will be only by changing my .name, ;by denying my o.vn identity, that I shall bo given tho privilege of earning my own brad'' " You aro used to those little ruses,'" ho said, "I did not think you could bo so hard with me." Oh, bow softly sho said it, how lovingly, not bitterly. Perhaps it would have touched his heart to oheny her s'orne mercy, but tshe great noise of the storm half drowned her words. Seeing that she _ would not move, he turned to leave her. She gave one strange look at the black sky, the rainy earth, the tumult of beating waters, and another after him. Catching at his hand, she kissed it, saying :^ i " Farewell, my only love, forever ! I am going where God, perhaps, will no longer deny me a home and rest/' Whether he heard what she said, or whether some feeling drew him to cast a look after her, certain it is ho half turned, and there, on the very edge of the cliff, he saw the slender form, the fluttering garments, (the streaming hair of Regina dimly defined through the rain and dark ness. Even as ho looked it disappeared. She had cast he self from tho cliff into that wild whirl of wal ors, which beat directly against the pitiless rock beneath. A. loud burst of thun der, a heavier flurry of wind and rain. For a moment it was all he could do to keep his feet. When ho staggered forward, at peril to himself, to the edge of the cliff, what hope was there that in tho darkness, now that of night, in tho storm without a boat, a rope; he could save the hapless girl ? None îwhatever. It was be yond possibility. 