CONTINENTAL GOSSIP. ^"aointcottiirbPOsm-Ni""»''"-''*1 PARIS, March 4. ""u of Paris may be' said to be The total fines of 'art exhibition,. Tboreareopoaat tin 3 on d fo 9 till admiration and others yvilldo»bUe89 0e 2 am-The , E S? T I M tin of its Arts Library of the Society of the war , Landscapes?, of French Ilu0y0lr"o£'rw ny AquarclliBb, of the Russian. o WteW,f¡íTT[ to the dependents. All The of additions have some good pictures, of ?e8Bwih ty of which the less said the gether with many of S W, winds Dometrioir. balances, Bogolong, "o nil Linhnrt, whose (former name is almost 1'oklutoDon, am 3, pm the SMmlln". ,b0OBly; Well but MUnthe, Gogorfoldt, Langberg, E", T lÎoïr Salmson, Hagbovg, and the line saw" an Irish Virgin," by a Swedish lady of painting, in ghosts whose prison for art but throne, State. you. is of rank fashion, ^O^tTdîA«« to the case, and the of is, the p result of her ideal this lady Ima even amid grave. her ancestral bore, the chateau of 'M,{l-Av o o of cr forefathers.. a marshal, 300 stated by one of a never been out for 79 'of the largest estates in Sweden, with it. they Titanic villages of labourers employed on "chateau it, hav of 2 s 2 150ft oV Jame, fire. wood., and agricultural pro- "ICra in the management, of which employs five sign is an army of workpeople. McHale I'S" d carool such a property to be Jacobi Penrith her devotion to painting, and turned it |U'f¡ è of her nephews it a nominal price to be a inveterate Paris and prosecute the art to which s d dev ed so many yell and in which she had c v acquired a brilliant reputation, before he death widowed mother brought this important pro- -get,- into her possession. of ,- "The IndnpondenU, the correctness of a recent item becomes apparent on first beholding the exhi v n question. ''They appear to have taken a gun, S S P.M. and fired at off at a sheet of naval." ? . A portion of the people of Paris, having dethroned (four former idolE, one after the . other, and finding it impossible to got on without something to take their place, have decided to raise Victor Hugo to the rank of 6(l.m¡-god. it is difficult to say whether the enormous KINGs the adultery addressed to the old poet of the perfect unanimity with which he token it furnishes the most curious spectacle. After all the ovations of every kind and on every seals which have been got up in his honour of late yours, the occurrence of his 89th arms factory has just been made the occasion of a new role Station in his honour. The friends of the poet got 'cp rufous complimentary episodes for the day; but its crowning glory was the revival of his drama of "Eeraaui " at the Francais, the play having their first performed on the same day some half- a-century ago, The idea of this compliment to the old port was due to the Minister for Fine Arts, who also determined that the performance should be gratuitous, feeling that nothing could be more agreeable to him. Eight hundred more persons than the state could hold implied for costs. The Theatre A(Li- ais contains 1500 places ; but, on Saturday evening last, 2300 people were squeezed in, placing themselves in they best could. The play was magnificently acted, Mil was one long triumph, the artists being called before the curtain twice after each act. At the moment when the fifth act was about to commence, Victor Hugo slipped quietly into a box on the sound tier, where he did not long remain hidden from the eyes that were looking out for him. The moment he appeared there was a tremendous burst of applause, which was not brought to a close until the signal for raising the curtain had Ihn loudly given. After the fifth act the curtain rose, and showed the players grouped round the bust of Victor Hugo (which has already figured at the 50th anniversary of the first performance of "Hernani"), mine- Mount Sally, the most accomplished reciter J: The day, stepping forward, read a very beautiful poem, called The Anniversary," in honour of the hero of the evening, from the elegant pen t,f M. Francois Coppee. J he verses begin, "An oak is old," "'Jy. curio is old," " The sun is very old," each verse -atta -tg forth the fact that the object cited is none the case for being old. The fourth verse begins, " He too, is very old ! The pet well-beloved," and quotes speaking of his, .' I was born with this century, and continued my march with it !" The two last verses go on to say that nature, when such a poet is born, gives him the gift of perennial youth, so that while all around him grow old he lives on superb, no more growing old than does the oak, the eagle, and the sun; the last verse imploring the noble old man to remain long among those who bow before him, and to let them long behold, on the return of his anniversary, "shilling amid the green laurels with which thy head is decked, The dream of thy ever-loving grey hair !" An enormous crowd had gathered outside the theatre, to await the poets exit. It was long before a cab could b brought to the door for him, and it had to drive was. at a final ., i ace to avoid injuring the people who crowded about it A thundering shout of "Fire Victor Illino " saluted the poet as he drove away. the wild enthusiasm of the greeting thus accorded to the idol of the day, recalls the viz ment opposition he met with when he first came before the public, brial ing with the stultified das reality that had hitherto reigned supreme on the French stage, and inaugurating the romantic school which he lost his genius to the task of founding and insohdutins in a glorification of the port, Hitit'cd Victor Hugo, recounted by a Witness of his life the author says in reference connect the earliest Renalson the plays that had excited such violent opposition on their first appearance, "As I was leaving thothiatio two of the spectators were discussing the pet snow dese ended the staircase after the fall of the curtain - It is no wonder there w nourishing gg claimed one of them, ' he has changed all the screen ? You are mistaken,' ached his friend, 'it is not the ph. that he has changed, but the public.' ' A remark that was perfectly true, for the influence 5fvictor Hugos genius have undoubtedly changed the greatest dramatic composition in 1 unce But it n are (due 1 is curious to see a living poet the object of 0 ations in the have never before fallen to the lot not dealings and also to see how comfortably Jack usually the 'oil rate sun " takes all this for reasons contemporary matter, as being comply and natural calls his den J H h nth renting to note, in connection with, the green old age of Victor Hugo, that he was one of the vilest of the and is only kept alive, until well in mine ears by the unfailing care and judicious liittnigornrnt of a devoted mother, With the mill offices order which regulates everything in his his Vic tor Hugo rules his existence -hum Imbu main, events sleep with unvarying per Jar by showing nothing to interfere with the na- time he 1rs piooUiliid for himself. eats heartily, but never" an excuse, never takes more than a slight mistake of men in the style he deals, goes to bed Hloeloil und nfis ii b, all the year-round takes her aunt 1111011111 of outdoor an daily, on foot if the, man omnit us for lining never (lines out, but usually I'M I fear this is to during!, his two grandchildren (who '90 with him at do their mother and her second his land) being so many of the out of into the Mikado of Japan is 1 denouncing the acre had authority hitherto wielded by the London the list p and is appointing 1 Chamber of 1 opticS, 1 Chain 135 of 1 once and preparing to inaugurate a Constitutional 'is eminent in Japan with the sale of '30 Hobbs who are to be sent to England America and France, for ME pits to study the mt of-ovornnient as practised in 11100 countries, 1 young Chinese vitamin, attired j 'in national costume has just qualified as a barrister, 'before the Paris Court of Appeal He has pursued his trains throughout in this city, is said to po_0b3con intolerable ability, and r, now a regular member of the 1 ms Ihr Hw J ansian evils are making merry over the terrors ^».loii^vontihted in ],n0ljnd anent the proposal d , branch tunnel the idea of son mow a p., age 36 "was long being used to send in arm into England Strikes tllLI" as it lightfully ridiculous, and three journals are assuring 1 England that J race will never he able to sit up I similar made at to any danger of 1 'alien invasion of France by her I The sale of the famous Mabillo Carden has taken pits, and most renowned scene of gaiety and dissipation saw a ring of the East At to some of the " Dmutr ?*tiês"~of'"ân~nili_uttÊdlj''"improper" place the "lighting " apparatus fetched £100 ; the vases in the gardens, 2160 j -hotels and shrubs, about the same amount; the oloaliroomD, kiosks, .' sybil's pavilion," shooting gal Lady, de, £638 the ironwork of the fountains, £240 ; the celebrated piece of artificial rockwork, forming a . grotto and waterfall, fetched only the small sum of £20. It is not every town garden that can utilize or j oven lodge so imposing a piece of showery rusticity. In ; the course of a month no vestige of the renowned garden will exist, as the building operations, which will cover the rate with handsome houses, are to be commenced forthwith. The lovely iíodileriaacan town of Mentone is jubilant. The Queen of Saxony has just passed through Paris on her way to it and Queen Victoria is about to do likewise Mentone is perhaps the quietest of all the exquisite localities that tempt foreigners to the shores of " the tideless sea," Nico is too lively ; Cannes is dull ; Mentone is peaceful. The whole of the region, however, is becoming more and more the habitual resort of foreigners who can afford to run away from the cold and fogs of northern winters, paying the high prices that now rule from St. Raphael to Vcntinuglio, and that are rising higher and. higher every year. 