THE DISCUSSION ON CHRISTIAN BAPTISM. The discussion *oo Christian baptism was continued last night; between tbe Rev. B. Butchers and Mr Peter Brown, in the Dana street lecture-ball. Then was a large attendance, and Mr R. T. Vale presided. The subject debated was "That baptism by authority of JeSus Christ is for remission of sins." Mr Brown, who took -the affirmative side of the question, said be had much pleasure in standing before the audience to affirm a proposition that baptism by authority of Jesus Christ was for the remission of sin. He explained that by baptism he meant the immersion under water of a penitent believer. By "authority of Jesos Christ," he meant the commission given by Christ after bis resurrection. By •'for" he meat in order to, or, as it gives it in the revised version, i into the remission of sins, and by " remission .of sins" he meant the blotting out or forgiveness of past sins. He went on say were saved by faith, grace,: 3 and the blood of Jesus—oo these three conditions, not one alone. Supposing a law, he said, be made containing certain conditions, T it would be necessary to cany oat those conditions before it was abided bj, so with regard to salvation. He would give an illustration, because it sometimes occurred that an ® individual would say one of those conditions alone was quite sufficient to carry- oat 6 For instance, a Land Act ' Una passed and a person possessed 320 acres of land. He b must, according to tbe Act; keep a certain area under cultivation, must dwell on it, bear tbe yearly rental, aud then obtain tbe registration of his title nnder which he holds tbe land. If be did not carry out the conditions mentioned, he . would not, as a matter of course, be able to obtain Ihe registration of his title when be. applied for it, as it would be foand, on examination of his papers, that he was in arrears with his rent and had not done what was required of him by tbe law, and so it was with regard to baptism. We must believe in the Lord Jesus Christ and repent. We must confess onr sins, in order to obtain salvation, and then we are told that.baptism will wash away . our BIDS. There was no law in the universe authorising Anyone to perform baptism except under the Saviours commission. Mr Brown then proceeded, to argue that man's return to God must be sought by successive steps—hearing, obedience, confession, baptism, remission. That Christ can reconcile men to God, having shed his blood for that purpose, and recaivca power from on high, ana that baptism is necessary fur admission to the kingdom. He expressly confined the discussion to the commission given by the Saviour after His resurrection to the Apostles. Mr Brown then went on to quote several passages from tbe Scriptures and John Wesley, in order to strengthen his remarks. Mr Botchers then came forward, and after referring to the definition given by Mr iirown in opening the debate, asked if it were to be perfectly understood that baptism by immersion «n one. of the essential conditions of salvation. He went on to eay bis opponent admitted that salvation waa obtained by grace, faith, "and through the blood of Jesus Christ. He affirmed equally that repentance, faith, and baptism were conditions of sal ration, so that if a man exercised repentance and faith, tut did not receive the ordinance of baptism by immenioh, be did not comply with ul tbe- conditions of sal ration, and consequently his sins were not remitted. Mr Butchers signed strongly on the point, is order to upaet bis opponent's remarks that the 3000 upon whom the Holy Ghost fell upon Jthe day of Pentecost did not receive Christian baptism, Inasmuch as it was not then instituted, and -be' wished to know "how their sins were remitted! Sapposing -baptism by immersion wu psawitial lor . the remission of sins, then tbe many thousand* of- Christians who did not receive it were not aaved. The only ones that 6onld hsve been saved were the Christian Disciple*. . He (Mr Butohers) would Dot think of such an argument. Thin, again, if baptism were for tbe remission of sins, the many thousand* wbo went from all Jerusalem and all Jodea had their sins remitted by bang baptised; and yet-how many oi'tbemVfaIlowed 'C%rigt to death exclaiming "CrtKafy Him! - Gr&cify; Hunt" He contended that bsjptiitai was not essential for "th« remission of>Rtts,-for tiie command of onrSavioartc his disciples was to baptise those wbo they knei^dia aiot believe in Him. ' ISie^iscosfion waftcoatinued for three horns' without intermission. Both speakers received a good bearing, - but the audience 'appeared to take more kindly to Mr Butchers remarks than to his opponent's. They were' frequently applauded during the debate, .and great in tenet was manifested in the proceeding*, lie BeV. J.Copeprpoonnoed thelienedicticn,-attd tbe proceedings terminated. the subject for to-night u "That baptism ia Scriptarsl. . whether administered by sprinkling or immersion.'' 