THE LIVING AND THE DEAD. {To the 'Editor of 'the Freeman's Journal.) Sib,— I read in your journal of Saturday last a letter in -which, to my inexpressible pain and indignation, the following paragraph appeared : — | 'And, secondly, should I even go to the length of palliating the ' Kiama Q-host-raising,' as you phrase it, I had thought I might at least claim an advocate for bucIi a step, Sir, in you. When the late lamented Edward Butler joined Sir Henry, Parkes after the latter had raised that liibluiiu vxiiusu, auu. uy uu juimug mm rescoretl him to political power, your journal, thon under the same proprietory and editorship us at present, was the ardent ally of Mr. Butler in procuring and continuing to Sir Henry Parkes' Ministry the support pf the Catholic party. It is only since tbe Chief Justiceship was bestowed by Bit Henry Parkes upon ... Sir James Martin, and his promise of it.to Mr. Edward Butler broken, that - you have spoken severely of Sir Henry's earlier , spiritualistic proceedings. You laid Sir Henry Paikes' G-host during the whole term of his union with Mr. Butler. Is not.ypur resurrecting it now against me a ludicrous slip of memory ?' | It is- neither my duty nor is it my -desire to enter upon any vindication of the conduct of your journal, or any inquiry as to whether in tho cliseharge of ypiifr. functions you have at any time permitted your family connections, your friendships, or your sympathies to influence your judgment.'' But ;I '[ cannot forbear from the bxpression of my, surprise and sorrow that the grave of Edward Butler should be dishonoured by such a reference as this, and, that a young Anglo- (not I feel grateful to (&od.an; Irish-) Catholic should have been the author ; of jbhei disrespect. Young as the writer may;be, ho is certainly old enough to know that the. lamented gentleman's association with Sir Henry Parkes iwas_ not of Mr. Butler's seeking, but , was mainly, brought about by those who yainly conceived that the union would have put an end to ' the war of creeds,' which the writer . of i this letter, affects , to ! deplore, and restore to the country 'the inestimable advantage of having 'its public life Jguardcd by true politics.' For,. .(to1 adopt this' writer's language in another para-.'; graph) ' this object 'the distinguished lawyer'' Buoriflned his personal 'wishes, hi« profesaiocaj1 'f : -v I* ':-'..', O:l jh'.''iv,' '.?';.:?. ;-.' -..-?. ; uv.. I i;;sK interests, his little leisure, and perhaps in the end his precious life. He oxpoBed himielf to the' ? '?' misconception of dear friends, to the misrepresent station of bitter enemies, not of himself personally —for he had none— bub of his faith, and to the : suspicion' of those who were neither, that he might do some good. It was not from want of ? labour on his part thathis sacrifice was unavailing. In the. incident to which allusion is made it r was notorious to the whole world that Edward r Butler's religion was his single disqualification. . He was a Catholic, and was dishonoured publicly for being so. His status as a barrister was, apart from his professional leadership of the Bar, the \- very highest. But his Church and his people were insulted in his person. To him the office to which he was entitled and from the bcbupation of which he was excluded was of no earthly con 8eq«en«e. It eeuld only have been accepted at an immense material sacrifice; and. could havjo added nothing to the universal reverence, enter-. \- tained for the greatness of his- attainments;1 the wrenifey of his nature, the benevolence 'of hia! 11 heart, and the probity of his character. f.f'Ther'e' , was, Sir, one Catholic as widely known as any' nan in these Australian colonies who, at the time.. -?-,, of his friend's alliance with' Sir, Henryj.Parkes,' '? warned the former of hisperil and almost literally foretold the issue. But on the day when all that ' was mortal of Edward Butler was i lowered, into his grave that Catholic, in asking the Legislative Council to adjourn its sittings in. honour ofth|e: stainless memory of his lost friend, thus spoke. of Ed ward Butler '.— ''?' - ; Mr. Dalley said :— ' I cannot allow .this resoiu- ; tion of respect and sympathy to pass without uniting my own personal expression of grief with the universal sentiment of sorrow which pervades : this. community at the loss .which we have ;ajl sus tained. ' He who has passed away from1 amongst ! us was, in my view,' a colonist1 whose career .' in ; '? this country is eminently ' deserving of the atten tion of those who desire to fashion the generous \- youth 'of our times upon noble arid -affect;-, ing and unobtrusive examples; By ? ? the \- mere ??? foree of pure oharaot'ery a ; clear! v-aadi powerful intelligence, and air indomit able Bpirit he reaohed a high, if riot the highest), . „ plaee-.in.; a , profession,1 in which a, signal) success . * ean. only be achieved by patience, by; .labour; by . .courage, and by: intellectual -power,; and-! he. did n this ; not only without inspiring envy, of ? hisi good fortune among his. .less .successful ... competitors, ; but with the- full enjpymentJ:of ..thehvsympathy , with his advancement, their admiration, of his growing power, and their eorivictiorf'that his' good '. fortune ehnobled their profession/ .In the; miblst ' of that good fortune he was uncharigedr-thesaine' sjinpleV'earnegfc, homely, eompa8sidKate|man, who * entered upon an arduous career with . meekness ! and wjthjbope, and who was neither oast down ky disappointment nor lifted'up'byanunlbokodj 1 for success. He will be missed 'in his pWfe'ssibri ' whenever the occasion arises for a great; argument to-be sustained by much' legal TeaVriing, to;'be ordered by the culture and' experience of a^labprir bias ' life; and to be enforced; by ..the impassioned eloquence of a sincere nature arid of a' ' vigorous ' iritelleot. And in this chamber 'we, shall always deplore his absence when subjects of ?'discussion .are before us which arb above ^the^ mere vulgari fcies and idle purposes of party politics, and involve iihe eonsiderationiof matters in the determination ? of whieh the whole ieountryi is; profoundly' ' tin terested.' ??;?..?.?-?; ?-. ; ..: ?..; .'.y.-.r.h -??') ; .! v;rm- i Tnis'wais a man who, when brave hearts have sur vived /great : sorrows, would have disdained to 'pome ;?; in the rearward of a eonquer'd woe ;' and whojhad ?only words of loving admiration for the memory of the man with whom at a critical period of his political history he had f, differed on the very juatter.; whieh Mr.; L., ;F. Hey don,, with equal ..iiseretion aad generosity, only makes jthe-subT ;.; jeeb of his melancholy sarcasm loag years, after its object has found peaee. ' ? '?'??? ! ??'? ; ,k .ro i JOHN FORREST, I).X-. fl;j,' ) , Balmain, May 22nd, 1882. , -.-?-,,., ' ;i ? \\*7~ . . .' .?-...- '.; ? ! ~~ ~^~- ' : ? '?? ? -? ? - .; 'S.TSVQ Otee. — A number of letters arid coin aaunieatioHS which came ! to hand rather late, seme of which are very long, have been unavoid ably held over this week. '''..'., '?'.'.'. .'.;?' Me. Percy Jones, the talented amateur, singer^ will sing the offertorium, ' Veni Sanofce Spiritus,' at St. Benedict's Chureh on Sunday next. ,. ; , A motemeht is onfoot among'the natives^ of Wairoa district, Hawke's Bay,' 2T.Z., to erect I a Maori Catholic Church. Nothing definite, i ho w? ever, has yet been arrived at. , . An interesting ceremony took plaee at Oainaru; N.Z., on Sunday, May 7. Bishop Movan laid the corner- stone of a Dominican Convent School. There were upwards of 2000 porsons present tak ;ing part in the ceremony, and witriesing the same. Offerings amounting to close upon £600 were laid upon the stone. Sidney Catholic Literary Association. — Tho usual weekly meeting of the Sydney Catholic Jjitarary Association was held in Darlinghurst Hall on the 19fch instant. The President (Alder man R. Butcher) in the chair. The debate on question' That Trad 68 unionism has done more harm than good' was opened by Mr; Gtandon, wno mado a lengthy speeoh, maintaining the affirmative view. Mr. Goghlan spoke in opposi tion to the view taken by Mr. Gandon. Mr. . Egan delivered an eloquent speech in defence of . the working .classes. ..-_, The .debate was then ad-' journed till tho next night of meeting. 