Twice Round the Clock; OE, SYDNEY LIFE BY DAY AND NIGHT. BY 'LotOTGEE.' NO. 7. TEN O'CLOCK IN THE MORNING. A Theateical Eeheiesal — Teohbi.es of a ' Local Atjthob' — Monday Moening at the Wateb- Police Coxtut (tjoans Typical Cases) — The Public Library — Deputations to ATrnr istees — A Haed Rule — The Boeotjgh of Mttdd le slush. ' Monday, 10 o'clock sharp, for the new pieoe, ' The Hopeless Passion, or the Maniac's Doom.' Everybody perfect — orchestra.' Such was the notice stuckup in the prompt entrance of the 'Boyal Tinsel Theatre ' on Saturday, after the performance, and accdrdingly, a few minutes after 10 o'clock on Monday the company beg-in to arrive, tho only per son, however, who is perfectly punctual being the stage manager. Ho is already busy behind the scenes giving instructions to the carpenter, painter, and mechanist, &c;, wlio Iiave been at work upon the new piece for some time past. It is one of those productions which are always being1 ' got up on a scale of uurjaralled magnificence,' and at a cost, the like of which has ' never before been wit nessed in these colonies.' There is no doubt about its being1 as the bills put it, placed on the stag-e ' utterly regardless of exoense ' — this new drama will cost half=a-crown for red and bine fire if it costs a penny ; and probably eight and sixpence won't pay the 'damage' in the timber line; while 'paint' is being thrown on with a lavish hand to turn the old scenes into new. It is therefore expected that on the opening night of the ' Maniac's Doom,' — which is by a local author by tho way — the tout ensemble will be a perfect ' blaze of delight.' But at this present moment the whole place bears a wretched, dark, and cheerless appearance ; and anyone coining into tho theatre from the bright atmosphere without will hardly be able to see his hand before his face till after the lapse of a few minutes. The painter is holding a lively argument with tho stage manager in reference to a moon which he proposes to ' cut ' in j one of the scenes, so that, with a light behind, it may I be thoroughly effective ; but the stage manager has a decided objection. ' No, Mr. Danba, you don't spoil that cloth ! — paint a moon on ; that's quite g-ood enough.' 'But.' argues Daubs, ' he says the piece can't be played without it — that the whole interest turns on tke moon in this scene — in fact the ' Maniac's Doom' depends upon it.' ' Well, then, put a couple of coats on — for I'm d ? d if I'm going to have that cloth cut for any local author living.' If the author had happened to be a foreigner — say a Fijian — it would have been right enough, but the very name 'local' author stinks as a rule in managerial nostrils. As thoy were i thus talking together, the author arrives, looking red j and puffy, and having about half a hundred weight of MS. u«(icT his arni. This is liis ' xslay.' He im mediately joins in the discussion and tears his hair ?when Daubs tells him, in the words of Longfellow — ' That to-night no moon iliere'll he.' However, FLit, the manager, is decided, and there's an end of the matter. The company now begin to arrive, among the first being the ''young ladies of the ballot' (wJio have not the remotest idea of dancing, however, but simply if go on' as l'emale supers), and several male supers, whose chief characteristics at night time appsar to be an extraordinary thin ness of leg, with an awkwardness of limb and uncertainty of purpose in tae way of locomotion generally. Now the heavy man stalks in with a deep rooted sort of despair over his face, and the low comedian follows, looking as though he hadn't re covered from his last night's whisky, which as a matter of fact lie hasn't. Three or four young ladies follow, including a ' walking lady,' an ' old woman,' and a ' soubrette.' Several of the orches tra also arrive andtaketheir places, for this is thelast rehearsal, the new drama, being ' up ' for to-night ; the ' old man' sort of shuflk-s in with his hands in his pockets and a black pipe iu his mouth — for they are not so strict in this respect at tho ' Soyal Tinsel' as at some theatres. He is followed by several others, among them being the ' leading man,' that is to say the leading man for' the Maniacs Doom,' for one of the undoubted features of ' the Tinsel ' (as it is f'amiiaii-jy called) is that it has three or four leading men according to the play — and the condition of the treasury. And the treasury of late has been any thing ljut overflowing ; indeed, if the truth must be told ' tke Ghost ' has been chiefly conspicuous for' weeks past by its absence. The result is a dissatis- J faction on the part of the company with things in oencral, and the management iu particular. ' Xovr, then.' cries tae stage manager, ' where's Miss 1'itzmangle. She iaows perfectly well she I begins the piece, but she always keeps everybody waiting. It's very strange people can't be punctual.' At which iliss Fitzinaiii'le, the ' leading lady,' who, of course, like all leading ladies, givos herself airs, stalks majestically from the wings, aud sarcas tically remarks, '' It's very strange thestago manager can't be a little loss impertinent, and stick to the truth a little more. Well, is the orchestra jroing to play that music to bring: me on or not ; or sv.!i 1 to I cos so on like a Billingsgate fisliwonian, for I'm not | goine to do it, and so I tell you.' i ' Now then, clear the stag-e everybody!' cr:e« Lfr. Flat, who takes his seat at a litt:e table on the pr: -:;: : -t j jside, with a pile of MS. befora him, and the author ' behind him holding the first volums — \ra m«an act — ! of tho nevr tcajedj in. his lvand, ready to 'a.«siiV ? the actors — for which he'll get no thanks, but quits the reverse. The company move off right and left, and stand in the winsfa till they're wanted, while the music strikes up a doleful strain, and Miss Fitz niangle enter* from the o.p. side, reading her part, and apparently not taking the slightest interest; in it. The words are something about an absent lover, a fond parent, and an erring che-ild ; but they are so gabbled over that the author is in despair. ' Oh, Sir. Flat, this i» really too bad ; everybody was to have been letter perfect without parts this morning, and here's Seraphina. uiy lieroiue, doesn't seem to know a line about it. . The success of the whole play depends njion thi-s scene.' 'Oh, I thought it was the moon.' retorted Flat sarcastically. 'Miss Fitzniangle. you really oughurt to read your part ; tins is the fourth rehearsal, and ' the last!' Upon which Miss Fitzmangle, with that generosity which is so common a trait under the cir cumstances, declares she's ready to give up the part altogether, adding that ' it's the ' sickest ' thing she ever attempted — without a single good line in it, or a bit of fat of any kind. Why, Sei-aphina's only a miserable walking- lady !' she exclaims, as she flings the part on the stage, to the consternation of the unfortunate author, who lias to coax and natter her before she'll consent to go on with the rehearsal, to which, &n; it promises to be a long and stormy one, we bid good-bye, and return to the open air again, sincerely pitying in our heart the poor author, who has been dreaming of the success of this ' great effort ' for months past. Ail ! well, we'll look in to-night and see iiow it goes, for after all you can't judge much of a piece (that is to say the uiiiuitiated can't) even from a last rehearsal. At the Water Police Court there is a very long list of the ordinary Monday morning type. On the Bench sits a magistrate looking as solemn as an owl (and with eyes very like one by the way) ; the chief clerk conducts the business as if the court belonged to him ; the sergeant in charge sits perched aloft facing tlie clerk ; a couple of reporters are talking to gether at tae desk below ; at the solicitors table there is quite an array of talent, including a tall cadaverous gentleman in black, a ' hearsy ' looking man, -with a flannel bag1 round his neck as though he had a cold, who we afterwards learn has the ' gift of the gab tremenjous ' (so said the sergeant), a perky-looking lawyer with a grey moustache and a rosy face, and an eminent Irish counsel, who is better known at the Central, but who this morning has a conple of cases here of vital interest to the world of Sydney — one being an assault with, a pint-pot in a public house, and the other a charge of 'batin' the police. All round the court are ranged blue coated gentry, -wita white pewter button decorations, while in the body of tha court, at the back, is a crowd of dirty, fluffy, smellj, and generally speaking1 demoralised looking humanity. These on a Monday morning always expect an especially attrac tive programme. The dock is crowded with prisoners and the charges on the sheet aro of an exceedingly varied character. To attempt to refer to a tithe of them would require a whole sketch. 'Drunks,' ob scene language, assaulting the police, riotous con duct, inciting prisoners to resist- constables in the execution of their duty, vagrancy, pitch and toss, petty . larceny, wounding with intent to do grievous bodily harm, &c;, are a few of the offences marked down The proportion of women is about one to three; in ajja thoy range from 16 to 67, and the charges against them are chiefly drunkenness, bad language, vagrancy, ' having no lawful visible means of support,' and assault — there beinjr, in addition, three or four of ^robbery. No wonder tho bar looks joyful, for quite a large percentage of the prisoners are to be defended to-day. But phew! what a horrid smell ! We don't think wa can stand much of this, and turn to one of the ' gentlemen of the press ' to make some inquiry as to the kind of breakfast he thinks the magistrate has had that morning, when ' Silence in court,' cries the clerk. '* Si-lence' repeats the orderlj, and ' Silence,' bawls a tall policeman, who, not having had any at all, feels uncommonly ferocious, and thrusts into a corner thrbo men who have just entered, as though they were so many sheep — the majesty of the law must be respected. ' Two months,' says the magis trate. 'Take her away,' says tho clerk, and the prisoner is bundled out. ' Call tbe next case I' 'Michael Dooney,' says the aergoant. 'Patrick Rooney,' cries one 'constable in the boSy of tho c-iurt : and' 'TlicJvarrt Spooney,1* snouts another at the door, throwing his voice into ihe: street, all of which is quite unnecessary, for the pri soner stands in the dock. 'Guilty or not gnilijr,' asks the clerk. 'Faix then, yer Honor, what am I charg-ed wid?' 'Being drunk and disorderly.' ' Thin I was drunk, but, faix, never the other thing. I met Barney O'Toole from Limerick, and we cer tainly did Have one drink, yer Honor ; but we were not disorderly; we were only foightin' in the way of friendship-like.' ' Ah ! bad case, 20s and coats, or seven days. Next case.' ' Timothy Widdor. Oh ! There you are.' A wretched looking- object stands forward with his face bound up. and one of his eyes a care | fully prepared jet black. These are the marks of Mike's friendship. ' Timothy Widder, you are j charged with being drunk and disorderly and fighting f in the public streets. What have you. to say for yourself?' 'Divil a word. Me and Eooneydid have a few glasses. I know nothing about the foight ; but if there was one, bedad I must havo beon about?' 'Ah, well, as you seem to have suffered more than, your friend, you are only fined 10s — and mind you don't come here again.' 'Paix, and I won't, till the constable brings me ' — a very good saving clause. The next case is that of a younvj woman dressed in tawdry, dirty finery. ' What is the charge?' 'Using obscene language in the public street, your Worship.' Language proved, and the prisoner, who oifers no defence, fined 40s, or a month. She is one of the worst girls in Sydney. She is constantly up for some offence or other, usually drunkenness ; and yet she is not 20. Take her away, j)oliceman, and let her sham penitence for another month in Mr.Beid's retreat at Darlinghurst, for this is one of her popular amusements while in the jug. John Smith, chawed with stealing a watch, value £7, the -property of William Green. He is defended by tho advocate with a flannel round his neck. The case is clearly proved, but the advocate thinks differently — or rather pretends to. He cross examines the witnesses, with a view of show ing they are all perjured villains, and that the only ill-used man is ' my unfor tunate client in the dock.' Then he makes a touching appeal to the bench, saying 'a stigma has been cast upon my unhappy client which will cling to him to his dying day. He is a most respectablo young man, who earns his bread by the sweat of his brow, and has a wife and seven small children to keep It is hard — very hard ? ' here the learned counsel passes the back of his hand across his eyes to think that his client should for even a single moment be suspected of stealing, uponlthe evidence of such a drunken sot as that (pointing to tho prosecutor, a most respectable-looking young man) ' and the pawn- [ broker, who must have either mistaken the pri soner in the darkness of. his shop, or com mitted wilful and corrupt perjury.' This remark hurts us deeply, for in the pawnbroker we recognise our friend Moses. However, the Bench don't altogether believe the hear6y man, and Smith is sent for trial. ' Bridget Molliean .' Bridget Molli gan ! Bridget Molligan ! ' Bridget ia out on bail, and duly appears wearing a most beautiful black eye and a rosy face that is indicative of a recent visit to a I pub. She is charged with having committed an assault upon, and threatening, moreover, to have the heart, liver, aud lights of a respectable neighbour named Kate O'Shannesy, of Kent-street. It is evident from the statement of Catherine that there's six of one and half a dozen of the oth'.er, and so tho magistrate evidently thinks, for he dismisses the case ; and as they quit the court, muttering to themselves, they are like a couple of Kilkenny cats, eager to begin afresh. Four little children are now brought in, the eldest not more than 10 years ci a?e. They are 'charged' with beine neglected ehiMren. Theirs is indeed a hard case. Their father was for years a pledged teetotaller, during which tim.e he never tasted a drop of strong drink. He was a work ing carpenter, and had a young and pretty wife. They had a cheerful home, but one day not very long ago the tempter came, and the man broke through his years of resolution. Once this was done he went rapidly to the bad. Ho was like a tiger who for years had thirsted for blood, aud had now got the first taste. Nothing could stop him. He neglected his work and gave himself up wholly and solely io drinking ; became, in fact, a soddened drunkard. His home was broken up ; his children uncared for ; his wife fell sick, was neglected, and died ; and he became thoroughly irreclaimable, and is now more often in than out of gaol, so far as dura tion of time goes. His children, who have been liv ing on the charity of neighbours and t. distant rela tion who is herself next door to the grave, are now handed over to the police ; and the facts of the case having been stated to the magistrate, they are sent to one of the benevolent institutions of the country for a term of years, or until the father is again in a condi i tion to take care of them. Will that time ever come ? I Alas ! we fear not, for he is unable to take care of j himself, and is fast hastening along that downward road that leads to pauperism, madness, and the grave ; but we have had enough of this, and as ths children are removed from tlie court, we seek the air, and are pleased enough to get a sniff from the bay, after being almost stifisdiu the court behind us. The public library ia already well filled with visi tors, many of whom have taken up their station for the day. It's a free institution, has a choice collection of books, and is indeed a pleasant place of rest and recreation for a man fond of reading, who has no work, and who is I glad, perhaps, to get away for a time from the cares of liia home and family. Day after day you , may see the same faces here, and although all don't ? actually come eo much for the purpose of improving their minds as to rest themselvua and pas; away the tinie, they are for the most part at least respectable deceit people, whose conduct in the library ctn give offence to none -, for tae rul«s enjoin silence s,nd un covered heads, and with these are associated respect and docorum. Tha admirable way in which the books are arranged, and the rules which are laid down make it easy to nnd any particular wort, it there is any difficulty in the matter the attendants will willingly find it for you. Just at the present time there is a run on the diiily papers ; a few more of which, by the way, would be a great boon. When times afford it, too, some lij,rht literature in addition to that which is. for tiio most part, to be found here, would be an advantage ; for be it known, if it is not known already, that uetion is eschewed, though there are some exception*, such as Dickens, and a few — but a very few— other novelists. We sit down for about live minutes, and take up a book lying handy on the table, which happens to be one of the ' Vagabond' papers. And, then, when we think of the modesty of that-.great historian, and of his strict veracity, we could fc-Uxaost shed tears, for such traits of character iu a newspaper man are affecting. After reading- a few pages -rf this Gulliver's personal his tory, we sigh with, regret, lay down the book, hoping the author may be forgiven, drink a glass of water as we toast him, and once more seek the open. Ah ! a good idea i We happen to know that a de putation waits this morning on the Hon. the Minister for Public Works— somewhat out of the regular course of things, it is trne ; for, as a rule, Ministers only '.receive11 on Friday mornings. It wants 30 minutes to II. and we ma-f be able to smuggle our selves in in propria persona with the rest of the crowd ; if not, our invisible cloak will help us. To the Go vernment buildings is not veiy far, and we briskly step round the corner to tho Phillip-street entrance. Up one flight, two flights of svairs, of this massive building, till we stand in the lobby outside Mr. Lackey's door. Yes, it's all right ; here is the deputation, sure enough. Aad it's an influential one, too, for it consists of no less than three mem bers of Parliament, and about a dozen plebeians. They are in two or three knots discussing what we imagine to be matters on the carrying out of which the very fate of the empire depends. Two of them carry large rolls of papers, which we learn are plans, probably of some important fortifications. They are getting impatient, and evidently think -that unless a decisive blow is struck Britannia's power will be for ever gone. They appeal to th& members, the members appeal to Collins, the minister's messenger (and one of the best and moat obliging fellows in the world), the messenger smiles ana says ' ho'll see,' and a minute or two later appears from No. 31, with the intimation that ' the Minister is ready, and will they walk in.' We are glad we are not the Minister. But a difficulty at once presents itself. Mr. Lackey has a rulo which Collins religi ously canies into effect — that a deputation mustn't consist of more than six ; a rule that was broug-ht into force in consequence of deputations assuming the proportions of public meetings, and sixties and seven ties bombarding the Minister till he was almost driven out of his life, ' Oh, but really, my dear «ir, it's all nonsense ; we are members of Parliament,' says one of the M's.H.A., in a, tone of voice that ia in tended to be perfectly convincing, but isn't. 'I really can't help that/' returns Collins, who looks,, by the way, as though if he could he certainly would. ' If, however, you three gentlemen' (pointing to the mem bers) ' don't belong1 to the deputation. But only -wish to introduce them, then lean lot you in In addition to tfce other sir, but not without.' More remon strance takes place, but it is useless, and ulti mately eix of the most important looking of of the crowd, headed br the members, file into the , room, leaving fully half a- dozen outside (into whose j faces the messenger politely shuts the door, after; having counted off the .regulation nnmber), in ill- I concealed disgust, and threatening to bring the whole matter before Parliamei&t;, 'see if they don't.' While they are kicking their heels in the lobby and nursing their wrath, every now and then, ona of them listening at the door (as he would no doubt listen at the keyhol* if no one wore looking), w-? will step inside and see how these sort of things are conducted. Mr. Lackey rises as the party enter. The members enjoy the high honour and privilege of shaking hands with a real live' Minister, while' jfche chawbacons, as they might somewhat irreverently be called, shuffle about a bit uncomfortably, until requested by the Minister, with the nearest approach to a smile he can assume, to sit down — which they all 'do, and foel Fomfiwhat better. And then eco of tho momDors rises again, and lays the object of the deputation before the Government. As member for Muddleslush, it was the least he could do, and the other two, as members for an adjacent district, it was the least they could do. He then explained in very unsatisfactory grammar for a member of Parliament, that Muddleslush was one of the most important boroughs in 2few South Wales. It had burgesses to close upon the number of 200, while the entire district represented by him i and the other members, must have a population of — I aye ! of nearly a thousand people. Muddleslush j was only situated about 60 miles from the . main line. It was trna an excellent stream ran through the district, but wJiat i the Muddleslushtonians wanted was a branch line to people the country, and give them themselves an opportunity of occasionally visiting: Sydney at a j chean rate. The line of route would only be inter- . f ered with by a few rivers and one or two Australian , Alps ; still the deputation thought the work might be done for less than half a million of money, though the I speaker was not very sanguine of that himself. He had however no hesitation in saying that such a line would be highly appreciated by the i settlers of the district — that it would 'open up ' (a great word_ with deputationists), j one of the finest districts in the world, and that tho work ought to bo commenced without delay. Tha two other members agreed with the first member in every respect, and the Mayor and Town Clerk of Muddleslush opened two plans and commenced to confuse themselves and the Minister, 'when tho latter said it was quite unnecessary, as he knew the pro posed route by heart, and would bring tho matter before the Government immediately,, if not sooner, and ' had no doubt that something would be done.' He then rose to intimate that his time was valuable, They would not take the hint, however, for every Muddleslushtonian insisted on repeating what his predecessor had said — which in the main was that the finest town in the world (for a country town) was Muddleslush, the finest people the Muddleslush tonians ; and that further, if the Government did not do the work, &c;, required they'd hear further of it, and probably get kicked out of office before they knew where they were. The latter was merely mildly suggestive, and had the effect of causing the Minister to yawn and again promise to consult with his colleagues. Ajid he arose once more, and fairly bowed them out tins time, shaking hands affection ately with, the members, and taking possession of tae maps and plans thrust upon him. as though it would afford him much satisfaction to pitch them out of the window — which, as a matter of fact, it undoubtedly I would have done. We slipped into the lobby at the i same time, having been mistaken for a Muddleslush tonian deputationist. At which we felt extremely proud, and congratulated ourselves accordingly. 