SOUTH AUSTRALIA. ADELAIDE.— At a public meeting of all classes and denominations, held at the Town Hall, on Thursday afternoon, 5th January, His Excellency the Governor in the chair, the following address to Bishop Short on his departure for England, was read by the Chief Justice of South Australia :— ? ' To the Right Rev. Augustus Short, D.D., Bishop of Adelaide.. ' Your Lordship — We have assembled here to-day in the spirit of sincere regard and affection to bid you farewell. You have already received many public tokens of the honour in which you are held by those to whom your high calling more immediately attaches you, and of the sorrow which your departure causes them ; but we who are met here in this, the public hall of the city, greet you rather as a distinguished fellow-citizen and & member in common with ourselves of this young and prosperous State. We wish to express to you our sense of the admirable manner in which you have so long laboured for the well-being of our social life, of the charity towards others, with which you have administered the external relations of your church ; of your keen and wise insight into the public affairs of this city and country, and of your thorough identification with the healthy growth of our community from its early days. We claim you as a colonist who haB regarded the land with the love of a true son ; and we heartily appreciate the example of triumph over difficulties, of energy sustained to the^last, and of a long and honourable life, which have distinguished your career in this province. We con gratulate you on having lived to see many works begun by yourself long years ago brought to a successful issue, and to witness the rapid progress'of the moral arid material fabric of our society, to the rear ing of which you have contributed with such high aims and so much self-application. To these sentiments we will add our hearty good wishes for your future happiness and our unfeigned regret that we shall no longer have your well-remembered face and presence amongst us. We heartily wish yourself and family a safe and pleasant voyage to the old country. Signed on behalf of the people of South Australia, ' 'W. F. Dummond Jervois.' On the evening of New Year's Day Bishop Short preached his fare well sermon in St. Peter's Cathedral to a very large congregation. After a discourse fi'om Canon Dendy, the Bishop took his place in the pulpit and spoke these last words : — ' Our Heavenly Father has, in His goodness, suffered me to recover my strength a little before I leave you. I desire, therefore, by way of remembrance, to stir you up to follow after godliness, and to ' lay hold' of eternal life. Take heed then, brethren, to St. Paul's words, who lays down the law of . theinner Christian life and the rule of Christian conduct in these words (Romans xiv. 7 and 8) — ' No one of us liveth to himself, and no one dieth unto himself; for whether we live, we live unto the Lord, and whether we die, we die unto the Lord ; whether, therefore, we live or die we are the Lord's.' So far as we realise and act upon this truth are we Christians indeed. Consider then, brethren, who you are, 'for' ye are not your own. Of all His creatures man alone God created in His own image, and when by disobedience man defaced that image, God, in His boundless love, took this fallen manhood into God ; God the Word became flesh as the second Adam, to restore in us that image which had been marred in the first. The God of man, Christ Jesus, suffered death as the wages of sin (not His own, but ours). Rising from the dead He raised us in Himself to newness of life, both in the flesh and in the spirit. We are not our own, then, for we have been bought with a price, even the blood of the Lamb, ordained before the foundation of the world. Thus by creation and by redemption God claims our service. Nay, more, look how He has provided for sanctifying His redeemed. God the Holy Ghost came, according to the promise of the Father, to abide with the Church for ever. What more could God have done for man's recovery from sin and death ? Receive, then, dear brethren, with meekness the engrafted word, which is able to save your souls. Realise in your daily life and intercourse with the world that 'ye are not your own.' Amid trials, sorrows, and discords, they who are led by the Spirit of Go.l are guided from above. They receive not the spirit of bondage and fear, but of love, and power, and a sound mind. St. Paul has illustrated this, showing how, even in things indifferent, they who are Christ's neither judge nor despise one another, for Christ liveth in them. They are not their own, and they glorify God in their body and their spirit, which are His. Thus the gospel, by the power of the cross, reverses and repairs the curse of the fall. Only strive to remember at all times that, whether living or dying, you are the Lord's. Then will His Word come to you with the power of His Spirit. You will know whom you have believed, that you are Christ's, and Christ is God's. Amen.' 