? THEODORA VAIL. A STOitY IN SIX GliAPTEliS. (IJoiiciuthd, ) CH Ai'TEk IV. l.GJJUlNOS. LIV JIT.IIS CAUHOLL. C'Ai'.fii'Ui.i.v counting ike cost of every sl< jj> and weighing and balancing the expendi'tne a lid probable gain or loss of every vcului o, v^ere new experiences to Theodora Vail, but the shrank from aothing, wben preparing Jor her aelfimpuStd battle With the world; indeed che eeeiued to court fcoididness, and devoted many a tpaie ten rumut'-s to mean and minute calculations. Slie had come from Mainhurfat to Melbourne, and taken up her residence in quiet suburban lodgings—a little cottage crammed in Jightfy 'between two pooipousldokiug r<<i brick structures, and wearing on its every poet uud pa.nng, door ana windov/> tbe ^aini^b aiid vivid eljej-p eolouiiug tnat eu,y keuies deligUt in; but th» geiuiianjjK ,-u raided to ne«.uy in llie foni'-yiiicl-equaie Irom. garden in which two nude iiud attunuated poplars kept eentry, eject atid lijartiai-looking, in either corntr, the iuuak^eented clean windoweurtaius and pretty crei-per of pale passion ilowei iute-ili.ci/ig tin; frauie ct wood-woik at the fcutiiiy end of Lb« verandah, whei«j a CiJge full of liny twittering inuaius ev/ung i" its green shade, all made Theodora declare in its favour; then too, it had only one other boarder, go the adveruseiiient fcaid—and that was a recommendation to her. The uir or houieiiness that marked ihe outside of the bourse pervaded its whole interior, uhd Theodora felt glad to iest iier journej-tired iimLc: on the little whitedrapi-d bed in the e:.ntre of h<r loom. Eveiythijjg wa;i unpretending anil ini-xpeucive, v/itijul so neat and luxurious that i ei b felt (juile pleased with h«-r selection of a home. In the parlour waa aaweelly-tuned Bord piano, ut whicli jsh« found herself seated and playing in the evening after her r<*st". Salii*. had i.ew«-,r played sinee the beginning of bur uneh-.'o iliin-,£K at <Jiirra, and it augiiic.d -vt-,il t.i^a 1 atUi could do this now on the first day of lj< r ariival in her new home, lint on« piece touched her. and revived !l»e old feeling—it had always stirred li< r in the old days, had always given bii ;h to thu ie^llosdaefis which had been li<-r yreateat uoubie. " I ,-Jiotild u-it i.-avc played that," ahe gai<l vvitk a tearful t-mile. Wh' would tmi kt the weakm-ts come, but hui riodiy broLe into a lively vaise. Belon; uia-y iiitrd Vfofo piaved a Lit^ttvy Blluiluw l/>lo.»e ihe wi&tlow; Ul^dfi 't jj«-, grey tVm BUBi?«»a ili jije tun ill grow oUddeniy iintiSior. an<t Ttinoiiora 'ur^^ri iier hesd witii tiat, ft-.;iiijg tiiat Hoiijeuiic wmi eiaudiii^ there. *• i in a your portion, bat will you pi*y that (it iiij' tliii iHorcc.iLti ovof Hjiiiu ?'» iSiiedsdiio ia„: auijjjiehd. B'ife did pi,', U2fc ii ...oir wi i i; ijo»s feeling ihe But^iu cci)Uii<y of tiifc fiieniiiiliip and faiueliiji of aaiaiifo uo eytJit'aiiietia that it x^quhrd to h«i ihiti, hui fnvouritu over a^aie filio p!t»>«i<i. Ati'rotijuy ; p, iiin^ eug. gectlVo SO tin. ..} it ( Uifjiy ev-'ftifig bauir.au Ui6 ii.uiila, t> ti.- bi.,1p. are eileni ana onl / in-;, uvti iHiu Za ruc iuiK am-JiiK the lloweru \vltli tiio link a una hu'ibic ot dii-laiii Btr'rantiot to be h ^.-; a; times haiwtiuti llw ranJiyin twilterd of a eiaepy nest- IiBj/—a.iii.r aiid cwtGUr it gr^w tili the delioioua'y f.-aiiti' feuiiug otritipiug ovbr the Bf.naes »<: eu<i<tr uly pa.-n^ti un<l aiftrnic-d by the mournlul eaa^ncefs and dirt/edike aatliioriB ihiit ••iieeec.J; d. A weirdueea ot eound, au though i\ were ih« liuLntuad breathing of a doomed coal, kerned to liii the little ebaded room, aod the butuk-robed girl with the faint li(/ht from vandow failing on her white Ittoa Ko.j iiiumiuod t-yea, wove with deft fiugcru «iv, j-j, nonifjnury (le'.aii of the reepue tive piainreg—oiilnt, bappy evening, and blaok, gloomy nigin. Ii Waa reaiistie eound painting. Tnttc was eilenoe of a few momenta after the last iiote, and Theodora, her tirM bauds fallen to her lap, was only remembering that there ciutneotte in ihe room who had atked luir to play, wlien the man, advancing from the fU-idow, oi<i(ioi< & maieb and applied ii to the f/ieali r. Htauding uttder itu ljriglit£i»-ue tiioy ioi.kud at 6aeh other— u She is a lady, an artiste, with the faae of a aeraph and the loiiult of a Moztr* " be thought. And iookin}> at the tail, spare form and relineo old tafitJ, eaid to hereelf: What m nice, oiever old geniif-m&n; I A foreigner and fond of mutrio. Mre. iiandal's other boarder, 1 tsuppotie." By what epdoiee of mental arithmetic people can thne cum each other op is yet unknown to the educated world—it is not yeaeon or logic, it iti dimply intuition. The acquainunoubhip began Qnder aaoh pooaliar ciioocaetanotifc of time audoooMion beoame t M ono ot ihe uroettoary accompaniments of Theodora'^ after-lile. Mr. Boetin wae, he would iiimeelf say, & oilizen ot the world; be had lived everywhere, but had no particular nationality, having been born of Eogluli father and Poiieb mother in F/anee With him, if he bad any leaning, Fr&sa;& was la patrie. Oiever, educated and a thorough Bohemian in taete and babito, he bad been all over the beaten tracks in ihe old world, and spent many yean both in the United States and Sjtuh Aaueriea. While youth and wealth lasted, it was very enjoyable, be told ber one day—" but now ia my old age here am I, poor and friendless, living in this way, and employed like every sixteen-year-old jaokanapes in counting up figures. What matter for me, I have seen all, I am old 1 Bat yoo, dear Miee Vail, with your attainments, and thai sweet singing bird In your throat, and—shall I make yon vain? that face like an angel'e; yoo mast make no miutuke with your life. Tell me why you are here." " Because 1 am poor and friendleea," she answered. " Not friendless now. I too have no friends, not one in the world; then let us be friends to each other, we will help each other. You have the gift of song, I have the appreciation of it, and the knowledge of its patrons, and purchasers, and I aiso have the ventureaomeneag to bring your music to their counters." Mr. liostin you are going to be the protector and friend I want! I had made up my mind to do as you say, to turn my voice to account, but I did not know how to begin—what to do. Surely it was fate that sent me here." " You say you came here because it looked home-like and pretty—ah, my dear child, it had not these recommendations when I came, it had no attractions to offer me, but its cheapness and quiet. A few geraniums and plants, the canaries, and a little advice to Mm, Eandal anent the window draperies ete., did the rest; eo I was the fate that brought you here young lady.*' Theodora looked round the little parlour with its bright fire, tiny glittering teatable, fcnd cosily drawn bliuds, then at the refined old face, with its thin grey hair, and bright dark eyes, and smiled. " lieally Mr. ltoetin it is so. Your love of the beautiful evinced in those arrangements attraoted me, bat we are balanced for my pl&yiug; brought you to me." " Your playing, yes, but I bad not beard you sing, Mies Dark Eyes. You have a fortune iu your voice 1" His faee lighted up and his utterance prew rapid in his eniihusitttm, as he eontinued: "Let me tell you how yon ean make it. Madame Lornrdy takes pnpiia, only eueh aa y< u, that want but her ma^io touch to make them stars in ihe music world on their fir»t appearanee. I have Atiii a lew aeqnaintanoee in the higher circles, I will e^uri their favour, and, at the proper time, through their infiueuee, you will be introduced to the great million-mouthed Argus-eyed public. It ia like an insatiable monster ever crying out for new food which it seldom eats—only tastes and throws away for a newer morsel; it ia fastidious— murderously so—but you could not pall on the taste even of eueh a dragon as the eity public." Theodora's days were well occupied now. " I am sharpening my weapons, 4 ' she used to say to herself as she sang in Madame Lomdy'n rooms or fooompucied herself on the littie piano in Mrs. Randal's parlour. She would sit or walk about in her room for hours, too, with a de^p wrinkle across her white forehead, the dark, eager eyes searching intently the paged ot composition of some of the great master minds of the u#e—for she posiested ihe j. iftof elocution ia a marked degree, and this, too, she meant to be a tource of br<d-winning, in the evening she would sing, play, or read to hei friend and Mr. liostiu, Lis sensitive ear quick to note the rapid tendency to almost perfection of sound and utterance in the girl's singiug and declamation, and was delighted with her progress. " i will not read, I will recite it with the proper accompaniments of gesture/' she would say ; a book is de trop, I am not half sitisfi<-d with myself when I read." The calm, inspired face, with ita depth- •ss eyes, and the graceful life-like action hat almost told the poet's tale without the words', aud these, given with thrilling pathos in a richly modulated and .musical voice. It was a sigLt that men aud women having once seen would picture and dream of for years after, ao Mr. Eostin told himself. " Miss Vail, your singing is heavenly, but .your declamatory powers will, I think, avail you more iu the eyes of the world, but you are too earnest, too real. See, there are tears in my eyes, and I in -my single self represent thousands; for however different in degree of feeling, all take common ground in responding to poetry— and living poetry like that." Her ey« s dilated with pleasure. " Are you sure you are not over-estimating me? Mind, the test is near j I am to appear on the 13th, and I am almost penniless. Madame Lorn ly and Mrs. llandal between tbeui hxve fak'-ij all my money with the xception of the cvst of those dw-sses that you said I mu< t buy. Ah, Mr. liostin, if I should fail J" "I do not fear for you." On the night of the 13th a new cantatrice was advertised to appear, and theatre-goers flocked eagerly to h<=ar her. No one knew her but by repute. It was said she had a lovely face to match her voice, so they expected an eye and ear tii at combined. When she eame before tiiem they were notdisaxjpointed—a slender girl, dark-eyed, and spiritwlla, but nervous. Her appearance; justified all that nad been said of her, but rhis nervousness will tell against her, they decide. Quietly and patiently they waited for the first note. With a dead-white face and terror-strained eyes she looked once round the house, then y made an almost superhuman eff >i t, but the singing bird in her throat wan dumb ; the over t.-nsiou on her nervous, sensitive nature had killed it, and without one sound—for she would not eing discordantly —ahe bowed her head gravely and left the stage. Ho use for the manager to rail and scold, no nse for po.<r chagrined Mr. Bos) in to coax aud urge. They might send her back before those expectant, merciless hundreds of faces, but she could not eing, she said. She could not. She never sang again, for the notes of the upper register never came baek to her. Theodora Vail lay for many weeks in her little room at Mrs. liandil's, ill of brain fever. Thus had culminated all her anxiety, all he? ambitious dreams, and all her toDg. CHAPTER V. K L'OBDUE LIU JODB. ALTEB the burning fever had left ber and the days of returning convalescence sue deeded, Theodora would lie and think it all over—her childhood with her yoang mother, ber father's grave, Willie's going away, East Gurra days when life in ber bash borne had been eo beautiful; that drive with her ancle when he had asked kef opinion and adviec what she baa tuid and how be eame borne ailing sad bopeli i"-, end bow she bad seen him die. They had ail died, ber mother, iatiur, Willie, and ancle ; and ebe acked bereelf bitterly why she was left. Then the picture of that night ac she stood before the sea ot faces ip the theatre with her destiny slipping through her trembling fingers and the voice mate in ber threat; it would recur again and again with vivid dietinotneee, and i* had a peculiarly stimulating effect npon her. " If I only eoald have sang, bow they woald have oheered and clapped, and gone home raving of me. They w111 do it yet," she woald say, with the old flash of resolve in her eyee, " I wilt get etrong quickly, and Mr. Bostin must not help me this time, I want to fight my battle by myself as I said at Gurra I woald. L timet never be weak again or let myself fail." And as each day brought her back physical strength, it did not lessen the resolution in her. Ono day, when the sun warmed the cottage with hie soft rays, and the little canaries twittered merrily in their corner, Theodora closed the little gate on them, and with subdued anticipation in her eyes,, and a suspicious fold round her mouthwhich meant resolution, she went by her self to seek what she wanted. Old Mr. lioatin was away in his office, and no one else in the world knew or carea to know of her errand. Yea, there was Bessie, she remembered compunctiously. " if 1 am unsuccessful, I will advertise tor her—no I will not, she is eo warmhearted, poor child, it would only grieve ber. No 1 will be utterly friendless and penniless if this mission be unauccessful but oh, I trust I will be spared another humiliation, I could not survive it," she whispered to herself, as she went hurriedly on her way through the crowded streets, noticing no one and nothing. Though beauty and grace could be found on every side, many a wondeiing look followed the tall siender girl, for Theodora Vail if a living poem of beauty in her bush loneliness and buah surroundings lost none of it in the city; she had a distingui air, and the poetic beauty of her eyes and face had become, if anything more marked and refined of late. In tii6 evening she walked baek through the eame streets and in the same tiiongbttapi manner, but this time there was a happy, satisfied look in her eyes, and the lips were released from their erst hard setting and were folded into their natural sweet but serious curving. She bad been euoesalut in ber negotiations with the theatre manager, and was io give ber first reading in 'Me course of a month—•• perhaps sooner," n<, eaia. I will iry and arrange for you ,o come on as soon as this pi«ce ia oU the hoards. Gould you be ready in two weeks ? Now she could tell her old friend, and how he would rejoice with her in her hopes of fame and independence. " For of coarse I will be a success," she said. Mr. liostin endorsed her words in his halfforeign sanguine way. "Ot course you will be a success, you would not disappoint the ogre again, why, it would tear you to pieces, limitations and readings arevi Cor ire du jour—everybody will go to hear you, and few will reoogniee tbe little bird that eould sing, but wouldn't sing for them. This time yea will appear under your own name you say, 1 am gl»d it ia so, and I am all eagbruegs to witness your triumph, my little dark-eyed girl of strong will and independent spirit." Bessie came one morning wben Theodora was rebeartsiug, and waned in tbe little cottage parlour. Waited I running to the gate to ict.k out, talking to the canaries, trying the such & whirl ot restless expectation she «aa. •• Oh, my own Pansy, to think of your l'vinj/ in a p>,ky little place like this after Gurra, and your having been ill, aud, worae than ail, Ui>-:e is your name ail over the newspapers, and stuck up on bills; that's bow we found you out, Papa, Dave, and I. It was tmch work ! I never could have done it, only for Dave, and he wanted to wait aud see you so much, but I wouldn't let him." SeeingThewdora's blankneas. "Oh, I forgot! I am to be married, you know, neit month, or sooner, if I like, and it will be sooner now that I've found you, Pansy. Dave has taken a house in St. Kilda, and we will all live together—it will be glorious ! Oh, Pansy, don't smile in that way, as though you think I am talking nonsense; it looks as if you humour me in that grand, superior way you've got." And Theodora had to kiss the fair, pouting face, and explain that she understood that it was all thorough earnestness but wasn't Dave to be consulted ? " Of course, 1 consulted him long ago, and we agreed that we would wait till we found you, for I knew you would keep your promise, and I wouldn't be married unless you were with me, Pansy." Dave" was David Campion, a young lawyer whom legal business with Lawyer Bruce bad sent on a trip from Melbourne to Mainfeurst. He at once succumbed to Bessie's charms, and an immediate engagement wad entered into. Her Quixotic notions regarding her lost friend alternately annoyed and amused Mr. Campion, but he warmly appreciated the sweet kindness of her nature that gave birth to th«m. The night eame again for Theodora Vail to stand under the gaslight before the eager-eyed multitude. Sbe bore herself with graceful courage, and her calm, enthusiastic face added so much reality to her translation that she carried every sense and feeling with hor, every single nerve in the hundreds of bodies before her thrilled and responded to the magnetism of her voice and power. Utter silence followed her exit, then one involuntary aud simultaneous " Bravo !" broke from every throat. She must come before them again. They thundered for her reappearance. She came, not smiling and kissing ber hand as one of the profession always responds to a recall, in the fallacious belief that thus only cau she testify her appreciation of the honour; but calmly and steadily, with the same look of impassioned vehemence still on her face and shadowing her eyes, eh© came, all unsmiling, and bent her head in stately response. This was unexpected, and quiet of a moment followed; then they understood and pronounced it capital t Splendid ! She had nev£r lost ber identity, smiling, bonding, and hand-kissing, would have un linked her from her oast. In her strangely pa-hetic way she had thrilled and awakened their deepest feeling by her rendering of one of the wildest and moat tragic poems in our itiuguage, and such a change of exprtB ai'jti and demranour would have made tbe fe- fiugs of eveu the least susceptible reooil and fall back to their sources. Naturally we incline to the pleasant, and it is often a wondrous relief to see a gloomy tragedy queen who has laboured through the terrors and trials of three long aots, reappear with dimpling race and beaming eyes. We are glad to find that she has put all her woes somewhere behind the scenes, at tbe same time, it takes the grande finale cfl her work, and adds a broad dash of farce, spoiling the most realistic tragedy. She had fought ber battle, as she had said at Gurra she would and conquered; and with every new evidence of her fame, with every freeb ovation, the ieU ben-elf conceive newer and higher em bitians; an ucsatiafied craving for taller scope and newer field*, took possession of her. It was inborn in her, this banger tor some thing, she could give it no name; she oared nothing th|$ ber name was on every tptigae and always mentioned with respeot and admiration, though she felt pleased that she had secured independence of livelihood by her talents. She had felt this dissatisfaction with herself at Gurra; her uncle bad always accounted for it by over-study and inoongraoas reading, she had herself thought it arose from want of parpose trom inaction and that occapation woald be its eare; yet, here it was again. One day while reading carelessly, these words oaught her attention: " While fame stands by as ail alone she is an angel oisd in light and strength, but wben love touchea her she drops her sword and fades away ghost-like snd ashamed. 11 " I wonder if it wiil be so with me," she said. Bessie was married a few weeks after that day of finding her friend in Mrs. Bandsi's cottage, and Theodora yielding to their persistent argings took np ber abode with Mr. and Mrs. David Onmpion in their new home. Bessie was so proud of her friend's successes aud delighted in her new matronly honours beoaase sbe oould be of some service to her as chaperone. The yoang people always went with ber when Bhe gave a reading, and with these vigilant guardians, and old Mr. Bostin who never failed to be at the door waiting ber arrival, few or none could approach. They said of her that she was proud, reserved, and held herself too much aloof, such unsociability would be a elog on her new reputation, ahe would never become a favourite. Thoedora did not k«ow—sbe had had few associates in her life at home, and now sbe desired fewer; though she was kindly and gracious to those who had the good fortune to come within the circle of her guard of honour, and make her acquaintance. " Pansy likes people, or ahe doesn't like them," Mrs. Campion said in her delici ously explicit way to her huaband, when he was receiving hie instructions, " so juet introduce a few of the sort that she will like, and let Mr. RoBtin pick them, he knows better than you." One night near the end of her engagement, Bessie eould not come as usual, for a telegram had come from Hugh Campion, Dave's brother, whe owned a small stock station iu Queensland, saying he was coming to Melbourne, he would arrive that night with a friend, and as he was anxious to see bis new sister-in-law, he would go straight to St. Kilda. BeBsie decided that Dave must escort Theodora, and she would stay at home for this abrupt aelf-invited brother-in-law, who had the reputation of being the most reckless horse-breaker, and wildest bush-rider for miles around his interior Queensland home. 44 If your brother doesn't look a Goth, and comes early, I'll take him and hia friend to hear Theodora, so secure our old Beats if you can, Dave." CHAPTER VI. THE house was crammed, and Theodora looked at the packed rows of faces before her, a quiet, steady look over the house, up to Bessie's place. Bessie always expected that look, and w it< d for it; she told the gentlemen so, and they, too, watched aud waited. Daves brother waa much like him in appearance, only sunburnt and more strongly built. Mr. Rostin was there, and Dave sitting beside Bessie j but Theodora's glance swept over and past them, resting steadily on Hugh's Queensland friend who, at that instant was standing straight and tall behind Bessie. She did not mean to look at him more than at the others; it was usual for her to look there at Bessie, and, knowing the visitors were with her, she naturally looked for them, too; but, looking, she saw only one face. A. dark, proud face with long, drooping moustache; eyes large, dark, and haughtily inquisitive met that flash from hers. i Eyes are not conventional, they wait for no introduction, but flash out recognitions broadcast, and acknowledge kinships with beings whose names may never be known. So it is said of them. With her usual earnestness and enthusiasm, Theodorn gave her reading. Everything waa just the same—Bessie was before her, beaming and smiling; Mr. liostin, with kind encouragement and fatherly interest, watched as was his wont; all the hundreds of hungry-eyed, expectant faces were as usual, but she cared nothing for them. That feneface that looked down at her over Beasie's fair head stirred her, and she wanted to look up again. Obedient to this unusual prompting, she did so. Once, in a <(uiet, thrilling pause, when a pulseless silence waa through and all over the house, die swept an upward glance to the dark faee that watched her like the others—stit and expectant, but with arouaed energy snd interest in those proudly-drooped eyeB. During the interval he listened. He knew Mrs. Campion would talk, and that Hugh would ask her questions. Yes, her real nane ia Theodora Vail. Theodora is too stif and heathenish a name for me, uo I cill her Pansy. Her uncle always called her ao, on account of o her eyes." c He smiled approvingly under his long moustache as he rem an bored the velvety softness and dark purple colouring which that upward glance saowed, and decided that they were the nost wonderful eyea that he had ever seen. Pale, save for a fairt tinge that excitement had worked into her cheeks, and standing beside Bessi< as ehri^kingiy and shyly modest aa though no crowd of men and women had juat hang breathlessly on every word, as it le!t her lips, Maurice Sutherland met her <n the stairs in the glare qt the gas'ight. Dave Campion introduced them : " My brother, a wilt Queensland settler, Pansy, come here for a taste of civilisation, and this is Hugh's frtnd, Mr. Sutherland, also from Queensland! and on business in Melbourne." They did not say nuch to eaoh other —eyea had said entugh, and Theodora knew by the intefinable sensation that took possession of her, mind and body, that this waa Ihe man she waa to love. Bessie, always amiable and kind, made the visit so agreeable ±at Hugh and hia friend stayed longer than they at first intended. Maurice Sutherland stayed because he was learning to love this gifted, dark-eyed girl, vho could talk with him eo earnestly and deeply; and, aa he said to his friend, " It'ai new thing to find a girl that can talkcr, if be asked for music, could play hia senaes into transport. By her impassioned voice and solemn presence ahe could hole thousands spelU bound, yet not a merry joke of Jessie's ever fell throughfor want of hdpfromTheodora; she was ever ready to enter into every amusement however trifling, and lend her smiling aid in entertaining. Her happy laagh at Hugh's raoy b*eh stories was a treat to Beirfe. Hugh's trere saoh stories 1 tlnudrrdti of them and given with ludicrous imitations and spioe-eiukings of comioal jlatig expressions. He was the pet of tbe louse, and could extend his brawny length on the beet couches, and bniy his sunburned face among Bessie's prize cushions— even was at times found with heels on th window-sill, smoking his long pipe in th drawing-room, where Dave's daintie oigarettes bad been forbidden. Mr. Rueti t epent many evenings with them; when hu came he always took possession of Theodora* she should pour hie tea oat for him, too, The old man liked to see the slender hands, fixing ihe oops and waiting on him, it' reminded him of tbe days at Mrs. Randal* where she learned his tea peculiarities. Everything was so different with Theodora that she often wondered if she conid really be the seme girl of the Gurra days and the anxious student of that advent forerunning tbe night of woeful failure. She always thought of it when Mr. Rostin came, but he would never let her speak of it. Tbe last night of her appearance eame, and for this night Maurice Sutherland waited. Bessie told Theodora all she ooald glean from Dave and Hugh of him and his life. In tbe privacy of her room, Theodora, brushing her long . gold-brown heir, listened to Bessie, who sewed busily as she talked, tongue and needle keeping a dead heat. " Hugh has known him four years, all the tim« they've been together in Queens land. Hagh thinks him a fine fellow. He was jilted by a cousin at home: he was to have been married to tbe girl wben be was twenty-one, but she married someone elae, and Hugh says he has never spoken a dozen times to any one woman since, and that's fifteen years ago—of course, I mean till now. Pansy. I guessed there was something jlike that in his life; be wouldn't be eo oiever and cynical, if he hadn't hated women and taken to studying. Don't get so red, dear, yoa needn't care about tbe cousin, that was such ft long time ago." " I'm not thinking about the cousin, Bessie, I'm thinking bow lonely it will be for me, for all of as, when they go away, and that wiil be to-morrow." " Oh, Pansy, you're not thinking of poor Hugh at all, nor of oar loneliness, that's all sham, you are thinking only of that dark saturnine-looking king of yoars, isn't it so?" The blushes deepened, and she brushed ber-hair the oth«r way to hide them, as she weakly answered, " Yes." " Pansy, dear, I don't think you quite understand tbe sort of man he is. Yonr ambitions would have to give way altogether to his dreadful pride and be holds such ctrange notions and prtjadioes, why, dear, he is full of faults—" " Bessie, don't. He has none to m6. The king can do no wrong 1" As he folded the white woollen wrap round her head and ehoalders as they stood for the last time under tbe gaslight of the stage stairway, Maurice Sutherland looked down at her sweet young face and dark upraised eyes and felt that he could not go without telling her. He stooped, his long moustache brushing tbe bright hair on her forehead, and whispered: " Theadora, oould yoa leave this for me ?" " l ? or you, Maurice, yes." " And, think well, darling, would you ever regret it?" The glowing fsee in its flcecy cowl was laid softly against bis coat- sleeve. " No, because 1 love you, Maurice." Nestled in ber lover's arms and listening to hia low voioe and avowals of iove t-he felt ail ber leatleaa longing and eager ansbHione vanish into umbieni a r, and the words ebe bad read came before her mind in tbe midst of her happy thoughts, forcing themselves, as it were, on her recognition. ' Listen, Maurice, I rend these words weeks ago and wondered if they could be true, now I know they are, ' Whilo fame etauds by ua all alone she ia an angel clad in light and strength, but when love touches ber she drops her sword and fades away ghost-like and ashamed.'" 