A HEAL -GHOST. ] Ma. A, J. Dcffield, of Belle Vue House, ITcwlyw, Penzauee, writes to the Spectator as follows : — ' If I were io tell you that I have seen and analysed the waters of a river which runs two degrees north of the Equator, and found in these walci-w 1 1 per cent, of sulphuric acid and 1J per cent, of hydrochloric, I might cause some sur prise, hut little or no incredulity, even if I were to add the little known fact tliat iu that region of the world there is thrown away in twenty-four hours more of those two acids than is artificially produced in Europe in a year. But if I tell you that I once saw, outside my fancy, a woman who was 2000 miles off at the time, I shall not only be generally disbelieved, but laughed at as well. I have often told the story in private life, but not till now have I told it in print. Twenty-three years ago as I was looking out of my window of General Torico's raucho at Ghorillos. 10 miles south of Lima, Pevu, there passed by several ladies and gentlemen on horseback. A lady whom 1 will call Mrs. Morena (the Spanish render ing of a common English name), was one of the gay cavalcade. She was so beautiful that 1 have remembered her face with the ease with which 1 am able to recall the Victoria llegiun, or the yellow convolvulus, or the blue orchid, as when 1 first, saw those beauti ful flowers in their native lands. I hud never spoken with Mrs. Morena, or her husband, who accompanied her, anr] who was then on his way to Juja, from the United States, to get healed of consumption. Three yoars ago, as one morning I lay musing in my bunk in a Gunard steamer crossing the Atlantic iu full daylight, and having my eyes wide open, Sirs. Morena came into my cabin, and, to my sorrow, went out of it as quickly as she came in. There upon T rose, bathed, dressed, and went up to breakfast. It was late ; the saloon was nearly deserted, and I found only two fellow-passengers talking together and eating ham and eggs. I had never seen either. The common name of Morena was mentioned between the two, and J, being full of my vision, remarked, at a venture to him who sat next to me, ' Mrs. Morena is more plump than she was twenty years ago. My neighbour turned on me a quiet look of inquiring surprise. Putting his hand into the breast-pocket of his coat, he drew out one of those excellent photo graphs for which some American photo graphers are so celebrated. ' Is that the lady you mean V he gently damauded, and I answered : 'Certainly, and you seo she is rather stouter.' ' When did you see her last?' was the next question ; and I answered : 'This morning.' The gentleman with the photograph was Mr. Morena, the hus band of my beautiful lady. We became friends, we had many social yarns together; he told me of Uis residence in Juja, of the complete, cure of bis lungs, the number of his children and many more dear, delightful, household things, in which I had no interest. He invited me to his house. On our arrival at New York, Morena telegraphed to his wife, who replied, whilst he waited in the telegraph office, that they were all quite -well at home. Nothing happened. I had not, to my recollection, thought of the Morenas for years before. Is it very difficult to understand, when two or three are met together under certain given circumstances, that a real presence may be vouchsafed to each V, We know a man so eross-eyed that he put his hand into another man's pocket, and nbducted therefonn a watch. He wanted to learn the time. The judge told him it would be three years. A little boy who was to pass the afternoon with a neighbour's little daughter was given two pieces of candy. When he returned, his mother inquired if he gave the larger piece to the little girl. ' No, mother. I didn't. You told me always to give the biggest piece to company, and I was company over there.' In speaking of a learned serjeant, who gave a confused, elaborate, and tedious explanation of some point of law, a celebrated legal wit observed that whenever that grave counsellor en deavoured to unfold a principle of law lie put him iu mind of a simpleton whom he ouce saw struggling a whole day to open an oj'sf.cr with a rolling pin. A Cumberi,anp farmer bought a horse of a neighbour. After the purchase had been completed, the buyer offered the vendor a glass of something warm if he would tell him what were the faults of the animal. ' He has only two,' replied the vendor, with a smile of amusement. ' First, if turned out into a field, he is hard to catch ; secondly, when caught, he is of 110 use.' A man at a Washington hotel in a loud tone o£ voice called his friend Lack just as he was leaving the dining room, and then whispered to him, ' How far would you have got if I hadn't called you back!' The other, straightening himself up, replied in a tone loud enough for all to hear, ' No, Sir, I won't lent you £5. I haven't got it ; and If I had I wouldn't let you have it until ycu paid me what you borrowed two months ago.' His friend will never call him back again iu a public dining-room. An electrician of the Palais de 1'In dustrie, Paris, thus explains the friendly relations that often exist between cats and dogs. Generally, the dog who makes friends with a cat is an old dog, who has lived a good deal, and who suffers more or less from rheunia tlfiui. Well, every time lie licks the cat, or passes his paw affectionately along her back, lie is simply doctoring his rheumatism by the aid of the elec tricity iu the cat's skin and hair. The dog does not regard the cat so much as a friend as a magneto-electrical machine. 