BORNEO. Borneo like Japan, noticed in the last issue, is a country of great interest in many respects not least in a Missionary point of view. The subjoined is from a letter of the Bishop of Singapore to the S. P. G. : Sarawak. Kuehing. — I reached Sarawak in the afternoon of Tuesday, January 17th, and was de lighted to find that Mr. Perham was here, as well as Mr. Mesnev. 1 was able to make arrangements with him before he left for the ordination.of Mr. Bywater and Mr. Plowell. They are to come up for exam ination on the 24th of this month, and if it is as satisfactory as I expect, I intend, God willing, to ordain them on Sunday, March 5th. I most ear nestly desire the prayers of all friends of S.P.G. on behalf of these two young missionaries. Mr. How ell is placed especially in a position (at IJndup) of much isolation and difficulty for so young a man. I was glad to find that the senior Missionaries re port well of them both. I have confirmed here seventeen young people who have been brought up in the school, and eight adult Chinese. The Chinese deacon, Mr. TJgyen Khoou, has retired from the Mission and returned to China. The catechist Ah Yang, who has succeeded him, appears to be a solid good man, but he will be more useful when he has learnt to speak Malay better. The most important department of the work here is the school. It con tains at present forty-five boarders — at least fifteen more than the building will 'fairly accommodate ; and there is no room to receive boys who are not boarders. Just now, there are signs that education is beginning to be appreciated, and a large number of children would be put under our care if we could take them in. There is a sum of money standing to the credit of the Mission, arising chiefly out of a gift to my predecessor, and augmented by Mr. Mes- ney's careful husbandry of his school funds, which will be nearly, if not quite, sufficient to erect a new and sufficiently capacious building on the Mission ary premises. "We propose to have this put in hand at once, and this will leave the present building free to be used as a girls' school, which is much wanted. " Sarawak. Quop. — I visited this Land Dyak station in company with Mr. Mesney between the 2nd and 6th of February. Quop is a Christian vil lage. I believe that all the inhabitants, some 150 m number, have been baptized, and the fruits of Mr. Chalmers' and Mr. Ahi's work are to be seen in set tled Christian habits. We were received with much firing of guns of welcome, and at about half a mile from the Mission House we were met by a party of villagers, who formed into a procession behind us, under the leadership of the Rev. C. Ah Luk, the Chinese deacon, the church choir singing very sweet ly a Dyak hymn. " The whole population came to church a little later in the afternoon, where, after Evensong (in which they joined most heartily), I spoke to them at some length, and I afterwards visited them all in their own houses. The next day we walked through the jungle to Bato, another village somewhat smaller than Quop, which is almost entirely Christianised, and again gathered all the people together to an evening service. At both places I was urgent with the people, and especially with the Orang Kaya, or chief, that they should send the children to school regularly ; and obtained a promise from them that all between six to twelve should attend for two hours a day. This was considered by the people who know Dyak better than I do to be something gained. Mr. Eowler is to be put in charge of Quop and the surrounding villages, of which there are many with in a radius of twelve to fifteen miles. It will be necessary eventually to establish a seminary, distinct from the school ai Kuehing, for native catechists and clergymen; and as it is impoitant that such an institution should be in some piace where the practical work of evangelising may be taught, and also that it should not be among the temptations of such towns as Kuehing and Singapore, I consider Quop, which is near enough to be effectually super vised from here, would be a very good position. My plans are not sufficiently matured, however, for me to bring them in any definite form before the So ciety at present. " Sarawak. Banting and Seribas. — I shall not be able to visit the Sea Dyak Mission just yet, but I hear from Mr. Perham that he considers they are, under God's blessing, prospering favourably. "While more than sufficiently occupied, with the help of Mr. Bywater in the Mission stations, on the two great rivers Batang Lupar and Seribas, and most anxious to push forwards to the Sekawan River, Mr. Perham never forgets bis old station on the Krian, which has had no resident Missionary, and has only been occasionally visited since he left it to take charge of Banting in 1876. Pie desires that Mr. Bywater should be sent there as soon as he has re ceived Priest's Orders, probably twelve months hence. But then it will be absolutely necessary for some one else to be sent to the assistance of Mr. Perham at Banting. A student at St. Augnstine's, whose course there will be completed at Christmas this year, has volunteered to come ; and he is so well recommended, that I should be glad to have him for this service, if only the Society can provide the means for supporting an additional man. Among other qualifications for the work here, he has a good practical knowledge of printing, and an expert is greatly wanted to put that department in order. Our press might, if it were well organized, do a great deal more work than it has done lately for us. Our staff is wofully too small for the country we have to occupy, and the Roman Catholics are stepping into the posts that we cannot take up. " Sarawak. Lundu. — I have not had the oppor tunity of conferring with Mr. Zehnder yet I ex pect him here at the beginning of March, and short ly after that I hope to visit his station, and I will then report on its condition. "In conclusion, I consider, from what I have seen and heard, the future of Mission work in the d:o- cese is full of promise. In some places, especially Singapore, and some of the Dyak stations, the num ber of converts is increasing somewhat rapidly, and the lives of the native Christians are exemplary. There is no strong opposition anywhere. Most of my fellow-workers are all I could wish them to be, and our fellow-countrymen are interested in what we are doing, and support us. My first impressions of Dyaks do not lead me to think that the prospect of a native ministry in Borneo is very near. Pos sibly some of the present generation of school-boys may be fitted for the purpose, if our Divine Master call them by His Holy Spirit to a work of much self- denial. But in the meantime the country born Chinese will probably be a valuable intermediate agency. Ah Luk at Quop is altogether satisfactory, and there is another tried catechist who may ere long be admitted to Deacon's Orders." — Miss. Meld. the communion oe saints and the world unseen It is most important to keep this thought clear. Should God at aay time call away from you one whom you love ; — if only, from the moment when you watch that spirit passing away, you fall back upon your Bible, and cherish, by prayer in the Holt Spirit, the thought that the spirit is still with you, while you are looking at the body left there, — that you are still ' one,' in the fellowship of the Saints, — then, that thought will become part of you. You will not always be conscious of it, any more than you always realise that Jesus Christ is near you, although you know it ; but it will become as much a part of your being, as the knowledge that the Lord Jesus Christ Himself is with you. And as you cherish that thought, — ' My brother, my sister, is with me still, near to me,' — the Holt- Spirit takes the thought, and expands it. You are led to think : ' If my brother, — or father, or wife, or child, — is with me, others must be there also, who are members of the same Body, branches of the same Vine,' And so the great world unseen ex pands before you ; and you rise by degrees into something of the spirit of the Te JDeum, Erom the one to whom you have been specially bound, your heart goes out to those whom you have perhaps known in. bygone years, and almost forgotten, it may be, till the kingdom of heaven was thus opened to you afresh. And then you rise up to see, beyond these, ' the glorious Company of the Prophets,' and ' the noble Army of Martyrs,' and the Holy Church that has been silently passing out of sight for 1800 years : and you say, Thou, 0 Christ, hast indeed opened the Kingdom of Heaven to all Believers ! ' the higher liee. And yet it is a fact, — this ' higher life.' "Weak and tempted and struggling though we are, still, those of us to whom God has revealed the possi bility of something higher, cannot rest contented with the lower. ¥e who do believe that the life which God has drawn out for us in the New Testa ment can be lived, by the power of the Holt Ghost "Who dwelleth in us ; — we who believe that the Holt Ghost caw manifest in us 'love, joy, peace, long-suffering, gentleness, goodness,' &c.;, — that He can deliver us from hard thoughts, and false judge ments, and evil surmising, and party- spirit, and bitterness, and narrowness, and all the works of the flesh, — we who have been taught this by Almighty God, cannot rest satisfied with the mere natural life, however it may be, and however noble we may reverence those to whom no higher life has been revealed .- — Church Bells. 