' CONTINENTAL GOSSIP (FROM OUR OOnOESrONDBNT " STELLA.") PARIS, Dec. 9. The usual exasperation of brilliant temptation, in of the approach of the two great winter holidays, I -"becoming rapidly visible in the shop windows of the «EuropeanCaravanserai." Never, at any period of its ¡vistenco-not even during the palmiest days of the second Empire, was costliness of outlay so general and extravaganzas now. in every department of daily Bowelling, equipages, trees, etc lavish expense ("and is the rule and the question, " How do they use it?" is even more unanswerable to the minds oTinquiring onlookers, than it has been at any period CfT,Vehavohadtho usual passage of grandees on the wine for warmer climates, and making the usual round Troure-haecs from the unrivalled stores of charming to ings contained and executed by the skilful hands of Parisian artisans. Half-a-dozen official dinners, and as many stylish weddings, have given some little anima- tion to the social currents, but the lull which precedes the storm of " life " and dissipation incident to the close of the old year and the beginning of the new one, is already apparent, People are beginning to rest on their oars preparing for the regular and inevitable business of the festivities of Christmas and New Year's Day. It is tolerably certain that these will demand an amount of outlay this year more considerable than heretofore. In no department of outlay is increased expenditure more observable than in that of flowers. The shops which trade in these exquisite triumphs of Dame Nature's handiwork become more brilliantly attractive Every year, the new specimens of plants of variegated leaves becoming constantly more numerous and more brilliant, till they now almost rival the flowers in variety and splendour. But the flower shops of Paris, numerous and magnificently supplied as they are, re- present but a small part of the flower trade of this city. Flower markets are now to be found all over Paris. Seventy years ago, under the First Napoleon, (he first flower market in Paris was authorised by an Imperial decree. Previous to that event, the only sale of plants, flowers, and young trees was held on the pavement of the Quay de la Mégisserie (leather market) The limited space thus allowed by the city fathers of the day soon proved insufficient, and the dealers had to be permitted to sell their floral and Sylvan wares on the pavement of the quays, as far as the money-changers' Bridge. Things remained in this condition until 1831, when the flower markets of the Madeleine, the Boulevard, St. Martin, and the Place St. Sulpice, were successively created. The love of flowers, and consequent demand for the same, being constantly on the increase, new flower markets are being necessarily added to those previously in existence, and many stalls are devoted to the tale of flowers in all the other markets of the capital. The rarest and costliest floral novelties, however, must still be sought in the shops of the leading dealers. Attention has lately been, called by the medical men of Paris to the danger of keeping highly scented growers in sitting-rooms, and especially in bedrooms, such adjuncts to the ornamentation of " interiors " being extremely injurious, and often fatal, Dr. Better, in the Austrian Fachtextschrift, brings together a number of alarming examples of the danger of sleeping in a room with fruits and flowers, if these are present in considerable quantity. The orange and hyacinth blossoms he regards as especially hurtful. A number of cases containing hyacinths in full flower produced headache and sleeplessness, not only in a nervous, excitable woman, but in a thoroughly healthy man. He records a case which came under his notice where a young fellow, " with a playful simplicity worthy of an Arcadian shepherd," surrounded the bed of a friend with branches of oleander in full bloom, and was horrified at finding, next morning, that his friend had fallen asleep under this Arcadian bowers, never to wake again, a. grocer and his son, at a busy time, slept in a room which was crowded with chests of oranges, and both were killed, as Dr. R6itter says, by the "oranges duty." A young merchant made use of a bag of BtuTron for a pillow, and paid the penalty of his ignorance by dying in his sleep. Dr. Iieittor, after the production of other examples of the deleterious effect, in a sleeping-room, of all vegetable products with a strong odour, advises his readers to banish them during the night. Scentless plants he regards as less hurtful, but considers the wisest course not to suffer any plants to remain in living rooms after dinner. A very pretty experiment has recently been described by the Belgian physicist, M. Plateau. The hands fine iron wire so as to present the outline of a flower of six petals. The central ring, to which the petals are attached, is supported on a forking stem, which is stuck on a piece of wood. After oxidising the wire slightly with weak nitric acid, the flower is dipped in glycerine liquid, so as to receive Alms in the petals and the control part. It is then turned up, placed on a table near a window, and covered with a bell- jar. At first, the films remains colourless, but a striking play of colours soon commences. In the experiment described by M. Plateau, the flower continued showing modifications of colours for ten hours, when dusk stopped observation. Next morning several of the film-petals had burst. The liquid used was of very poor quality. M. Plateau ad vised the following preparation of the liquid for those who may wish to repeat this curious and charming experiment for themselves Dissolve a fresh piece of Marseilles soap, cut up into small pieces, in 10 parts by weight of hot distilled water. Filter after cool- ing and mix thoroughly three volumes of the station with two of Price's glycerine. The solution should be left at rest until all the air bubbles are gone DUt Of it Somuohforeciontilicsoap-bubblofloralamusement. in the way of real flowers, the most rcmui-ltnblejnovolties always to be seen scattered, each alone, like a picture or Statue in solitary splendour, in the grand reception tion-rooms of the head of the house of Rothschild, in his magnificent mansion of the Rue St. Florentin. The Baroness, extremely fond of flowers, always has the fewest floral woniora in her drawing-rooms, brought in from the splendid hothouses of their grand chateau of Ferneres; wonderful creatures of strange build and glorious colouring, but only such as exhale no odour. One Such floral gem, thus conspicuously displayed, is far more effective as an ornament than the pert masses of mixed flowers usually employed as drawing-room ornaments. According to recent statistics the highest amount of income-tax paid in Prussia is the assessment on the Rothschild of Frankfort-on-tho-Main, who pays 1200 marbles an annual income of some £125,000. His kinsmen in Paris would have to pay a much higher sum, their incomes being much more considerable, ino imposition of an income-tax being one of the favourite project of M. Gambetta, it is possible that Mare French statistics may throw on the annual revenues of the French branch of the money kings n, degree of light more welcome to the curiosity of an envious public than to the money kings themselves. The " little difficulty " which was at once anticipated on the announcement of the new batch of Ministers on whom M. Gambetta has be 'wed portfolios, has begun to show itself. already one of the new Ministers' wives has discovered that her health requires her transplantation to "wawn crime through the coming winter. She has "Ardingly purchased, and will inhabit a lovely villa, f, its extensive grounds, on the shores of the beautiful sale of St Jean and some of the other Ministerial Z ffl n > Probably do likewise. The anticipated authority ' will thus disappear ; but the gay world of üw ? have fewer Ministerial receptions to ,3M "" The fact is, that only a few of the firm" in. question are held to be "visitable" by people who usually flock to the receptions, 2\. J- i other entertainments of the official has? cV and even of the few who are thoroughly Si.? and of good rePute- not one is likely to ' "signs t5,loaP,,t<H a says as influential and agreeable . AekTm v " Egeria of the Third Republic Madame S.J. 288 drawing-rooms are a sort of "Madame iffllSi 2. With the distance, that the notabilities fingers more living I)0ODl° instead of was: ish KL. MaadorB' Parians, artists, poets, journal city T\rj\m,ln of Qll cases and countries, people of vic, nock to her receptions, so that the latter are a of this ^.t'Dg-grouad for all the notabilities enter a' wltlloPon doors, by which "everybody" ttZ;.^!8.'« shakes hands 8 the case may be t¡oabir.^mo'\nddoPart8afcPleaB"e' Converse % bill 4 ins of the P»"''8ai* Receptions are now seen. and the two numerous the ounces of, celebrities of both sexes, the most delighted is the mistress of the house. Formerly heredity contorted in directing conversation, guiding its course, stopping it when necessary, bringing out her guests, and crime biting their wit. She selected her society, did not open her doors indiscriminately to all the doubtful wayfarers now to be met with in society. At present the task of receiving is much simplified ; the mistress of the house merely says a few friendly words to each guest, without mingling her guests one with the other, and without ceasing to be amiable., The former Juliette Lambert excels in receiving, according to the present fashion, as she would probably have excelled in receiving in the old way, as she is emphatically " a charmer." No one is more successful than she is in flattering vanity, in winning affection, and in fathoming the heart. She is a consummate politician, and her only fault is that of believing in politics, that is to say, in supposing that the evils of the world can be remedied by a Governmental policy. She treats her friends as though she were a sovereign ; but is always ready to use her great influence on their behalf. Ex- empt from narrow prejudices, she takes pleasure in unmasking hypocrisy and giving her opinion courageously before men of false principles and her constant graciousness and charming welcome to all comers probably conceal no little contempt for some of the creatures who bow before her. On her reception days she goes smiling from room to room, passing between the groups of men, who, great as they may be, respectfully make way for her, and parading amidst the crowd of black coats the most beautiful arms and shoulders imaginable. The first saloon usually contains the most distinguished guests, and the conversation is generally serious, and earnest discussions are sometimes carried on. From time to time one of the " stars," leaving the great drawing-room by one door to return by another, glides rapidly across this room, a point of attraction for all eyes. Strings of decorations are to be seen on many breasts, accompanying the solemn dulness of high functionaries. And the march-past of celebrities continues throughout the evening; they come and they go the thin, the fat, the bearded, the smooth-faced, the dull and the brilliant, the men out- numbering the women; people who come to see or to be seen and people who go everywhere because they have obtained a footing in the visiting world, and possess a decent coat or a pretty gown. This lady has had for some years a fine estate on the lovely Gulf of St. Jean, and as she is hand and glove with all the leading Republicans, her choice of the beautiful region for the scene of her villcggiatwa will probably determine the scene of the retreat of more than one of the wives of the new Ministers. Does any distant reader care to know that the foolish people of the little Val d'Audorre Republic, after doing their best to fight and baffle the French Government and the Bishop of large (their joint rulers), have finished by laying down their arms, taking back the license they persisted in giving to the company formed for setting up ft gaming establishment, and returning to the allegiance they so rashly attempted to throw off The French troops blockaded the valleys, and the prospect of starvation brought them to reason. DEC. 16. From the East, we are informed that the cholera continues its threatening march westward ; from Switzerland we are promised the speedy arrival of the snow, now descending heavily on the country of William Tell. From Vienna, every day brings harrowing details of the horrible Are at the Ring Theatre, showing how little people profit by the lessons received by others, this fearful catastrophe having occurred through the neglect of all concerned to benefit by the teachings of last spring's sad calamity at Nice The people of Vienna are highly indignant at the strange apathy, stupidity, and blundering of the police and the local authorities, who persisted in declaring that there was nobody in the theatre, and refusing lanterns, ladders, and other needed appliances, in face of the frenzied demands for the same, addressed to them by the few who had succeeded in getting out of the building, and who vainly implored these astonishing functionaries to do something towards saving the hundreds of agonized victims who were trampling each other to death in the darkness of the passages, or falling a prey to the flames in the body of the burning house. The Emperor is said to be painfully affected by the proofs of the inefficiency of the police and fire brigades of his capital, and is fully determined to have the responsibility of the horrible catastrophe brought home to the right shoulders. The only relief to the horror of the calamity is the promptness and spontaneity with which expressions of sympathy and offerings of money in aid of the survivors and of the families of the victims have been pouring into Vienna from every part of the civilized globe. It appears that the Viennese, though more inveterate theatre-goers even than the Parisians, have but too theatres; and that these buildings, which are always crowded to suffocation, are worse constructed, more deficient in appliances for pro venting or extinguishing fire, and more difficult of egress, than any others. The Viennese, in the indignation and terror excited by the hideous holocaust in question, are declaring that they will not enter a theatre until an entire reformation of these buildings shall have been accomplished and as the latter are so defective that they really seem to have been contrived for the express purpose of rendering fire probable and escape impossible, so that enormous outlay must be incurred if they are to be made tolerably secure, the prospects of the coming season are anything than brilliant for the theatrical managers of the Austrian capital. Two singular tales have just reached us from " Holy Russia," For a month past, crowds have assembled in the square in front of the Cathedral of Kazan, attracted by the report that the ghost of the late Czar had been seen to enter and to leave the Cathedral, with an aide-de-camp, disappearing in the crypt of the sacred building. The news of the marvel having been sent to Gatschina, where the Russian Court is residing, the Czar gave Orders that the two spectres should be arrested. This being done, it was found that the supposed ghosts were two men skilfully dressed up to represent the personages they wished to pass themselves off as being. The strangest part of the story, however, is the probability that the pretended ghosts were part of a new plot against the life of the Czar. Relying on the superstition in the character of the present Czar, the conspirators reckoned on his imitating Hamlet, and resolving to question his father's ghost. "While he conversed with the supposed spirit, The bolt of a trap-door was to be drawn, when the Emperor would fall into the vaults, where his assassins awaited him. The local journals have been instructed to say nothing of those discoveries. Strange as is this story, the other one, alluded to above, is even stranger. A short time ago, the Czar granted a special audience to a merchant from Tomsk, in Siberia, who gave his name as Chriimkoff, and said that he had taken the lower journey from Siberia solely for the purpose of informing the Czar of an event of the very first importance to himself and the Imperial family. Chaulker" stated to the Czar that in January, 1867, an old man died in his house in Tomsk, where he had lived for many years as a lodger. Shortly before his death, this old man, who was very pious, called him to his bedside, and said-" I must now tell you who I am. I am the Emperor Alexander I." The dying man then poured forth a confession into the ears of his astounded landlord, telling him that the stings of conscience caused by his participation in the dethroning of the Czar Paul, drove him at last to seek rest and peace in obscurity. He made a secret vow to resign his throne voluntarily, and to pass the rest of his life in penitential stillness. He believed that the Almighty would reveal to him some plan by which his purpose might be effected, and this occurred, for the first time, in 1825. He heard that there was, in the hospital at Taganrog, a sick soldier who bore a most wonderful resemblance to himself, The Czar hurried thither and then and there exchanged personality with the home! The soldier was solemnly buried as Czar Alexander I., while the Czar himself pretended to be the soldier, providentially raised up from his sick bed and hurried off into his voluntary exile, made a long pilgrimage and finally settled down in the quiet house at Tomsk, where he spent the rest of his life, and where he died. The merchant gave a portrait of his deceased tenant to the Czar, who was astonished at its likeness to Czar Alexander I. Of the truth of this strange story there seems to be no means of judging, nor does the merchant, Chramkoff, appear to have assigned any reason for having kept the affair to himself for seventeen years. A wonderful sale is now going on in this city, being that of the personal effects of the late Madame Blanc, widow, and continuation of the world-renowned founder.. and proprietor of the great gaming establishment of Monaco. The dresses, cashmeres, laces, tapestries, art objects, etc., of this lady (who began life as a servant in the house of her future husband) have already been disposed of, in order that their money _ value may be divided among her heirs, according to the regulations of French law. It is the wonderful collection of her jewels that is now being brought to the hammer in the well-known s'Mc of the Hotel des Fetes of the Rue Drouot merely to read the catalogue of these splendid gems is dazzling, giving one something of the feeling excited in the youthful mind by the perusal of the fate of Aladdin's lamp, or of a few pages of the Zend Avesta, which seem almost to dazzle by their constant aspiration after 'Light ! " Among the most marvellous of these treasures are a necklace of OGG pearls, of the most exquisite beauty, rivalling the famous necklace of the first Queen of Greece, said to be the finest in the world ; a river of diamonds which has just been bought by Baroness Alphonse de Rothschild for the neat little sum of £20,000 ; a ring set with pink diamonds, declared to rival the brilliant rays of a sunrise, and a blue diamond rivalling the glow of a sunset j a bracelet of emeralds, with the most wonderful and unparalleled causes, set round with magnificent diamonds in the centre; rubies, sapphires, pink coral, opals, in marvellous profusion, and all of the most exquisite colour and perfection. All the great ladies of the Faubourg St. Germain and the world of finance, all the great Parisian jewellers, and many of their brethren from other capitals, and all the leading actresses and queens of the tZcmt provide are spending their days in the saleroom in which these splendid objects have been on view, and are now being sold at auction. I 