Father Fassaglia. THE FAMOUS THEOLOGIAN RETURNS TO THE GHLUOII. (7hr Catlmlir JI'trrov.) H is with great satisfa/'iion tnat wo arc en able'! to announce the return to the Church of Father Passaglia, one of the most celebrated theologians of the day, formerly a .Jesuit and Professor of Theology at Hie Homan College, who spvera! years ago. in eonsotjuence <>[ doubts and difficulties in regard to the question of the temporal power of the f’ope. left the fold of Christ. Famous throughout Furope and America for his profound learning, known to every student of Divinity by Ins theological works, which were the text-books in every semi nary, reverenced everywhere for his pieyv. his going astray from the Faith ex'-ited at the time a. great sensation, and afforded to Pro!esiants and unbelievers, always on the. look-oat for a scandal of such a character, an unwonted triumph. The return, however, of Father Passaglia to the obedience of Faiih, it is to be feared, will lie passed over by tie' hereditan enemies of the Church in oonvetiieiir silence. To Catholics in England the return of Father Passaglia to the fold is ('specially interesting, for if was under the direction of (he celebrated Roman theologian that tin' Cardinal Archbishop of Westminster, on his conversion, studied Catholic, theology. It was from the same pro found teacher that Cardinal Xewmau, too. after leaving Oxford, was led to drink from the well springs of Catholic truth. That these well springs. from which he had drunk so deeply and dispensed with such profusion, were abandoned l>y himself, was a source of profound sorrow to every Catholic, .and more ('specially to his numerous ecclesiastical pupils in Italy. France. Oermanv, and England. J1 is return to the faith has been for long years the object of many pravers with the noblest and purest hearts in Christendom. Amongst those who have prayed and laboured for his conversion was the Archbishop of Turin, where, since his fall. Father I‘assn glia has passed his melancholy days. The immediate merits of effecting his reconciliation with the Church is due to a former pupil of his at the Collegia Romano, Canon Valerian Royvcki. Passaglia. who, since his secession, has lived a retired life as professor of philosophy in the University of Turin, in a hitter dated the 21th of last: month, announced to the Archbishop of Turin his complete and unreserved submission to Papal authority, and his readiness to do every thing in his power to repair the grave scandal his conduct had caused. Tin1 Archbishop re joiced exceedingly at this long-desired conver sion, and sent, on the same day. Professor Pas sage's letter, which was delivered to him by Canon Rozycki, together with his own report, to Rome to the Holy Father. When the daily expected decision of his Holiness shall have arrived, Father Passaglia will make a public re cantation of his errors. In the meantime, as an outward sign of his return to the Church, he has put on again his ecclesiastical dress. From this happy conversion we may draw one lesson—never to despair, trusting in the grace of Cod of the return of those who have gone astray from the faith, and to persevere to the end in prayer for their conversion. There are still a few who have fallen from the faith, who, if only on account of the services which in happier days they rendered to the Church, si and in need of our prayers. Foremost among these is Dr. Dollinger, who did good service as a Church his torian to the Popes, whose conduct in history he, before his fall, so nobly defended against nations as well as against ignorant maligners. Dr. Dollinger, in his 83rd year, has not much time left to him on earth ; therefore the prayers of the Catholic world, encouraged and stimulated by tlie conversion of Father Passaglia, ought to be doubled—nay. increased sevenfold, for the return of Dr. Dollinger, on the verge of eternity, to the obedience and unity of faith. Most of those who went astray, in conse quence of the promulgation of the Vatican De crees, returned after a temporary lapse, like Father Gratry, the famous Oratorian, Montalem bert’s friend, the pupil of Lacordaire, to the obe dience of Home. One, however, remains in France—M. Loyson, who, as Pere Hyacintlie, the Carmelite, had for a time, to the edification of many, filled the pulpit of Notre Dame ; and one in England, once known and reverenced for his piety and zeal and spotless conduct as Father Suilield, the Dominican, who still stands in need of the redoubled prayers of the Catholic world. In spite of the external obstacles which, since their fall, they have unhappily raised by their own hands, and placed as stumbling-blocks in the path of their return to their true home, we need not despair. Carmelites and Dominicans especially are called upon, by persevering prayers and penances, to obtain from the Throne of Grace the return of the stray sheep that have wandered, for a time only let us hope, from their folds. Faithful Ireland alone has not to deplore the loss of theologian, or monk, or eminent preacher, shaken or wrecked in faith by the action of the Church, inspired in its dogmatic decisions by the infallible guidance of the Holy Ghost. Ca tholic Ireland in this, as in so much else, stands forth again an exemplar to the nations. In connection with Father Passaglia’s recan tation, we are reminded that the late Pope, on reading a kind of retractation which that ecclesi astic had sent to his Holiness by the hands of an English priest, one of his old pupils, used these words : “I believe that poor Passaglia will re pent and return to the Church. 1 have always had confidence that the Madonna would obtain for him this grace." Pins IX. doubtless referred to the fact that the Bull defining the doctrine of the Immaculate Conception was composed by P. L’assaglia ; the first word, by the by, which gives it its title, “ Incffabilis," was suggested by Cardinal Wiseman. 