[ksetcber. A SPEOULATIVE SPIRIT. Now, to understand the solemnity of this story you must believe that Hopkins was a man entirely without imagination- Frank Blair and I decided that when we first made his acquaintanoo, years ago; and have never changed our opinion. We were then two young geniuses who hoped to soar to fame on the wings of art, the most imaginative art of all, figure painting : and we know and were glad to hail imagination wherever we saw it. Besides, as Blair truly remarked, Hopkins was a man whose vocation it was to make money, somehow, on the Stock Ex change; so one might as well look for imagin. ation in a model engaged at a shilling an hour. Then again, the man's face was sufli cient to assure you that he was not blessed with any. suclh? quality. -It-is.?largefacet rather flabby and sprinkled with fneklieajt;lie nose is short and thick, and lip, chin, and checks, quite destitute of hair. Hopkin's body, too, is almost inclined to corpulence; he dresses in a commonlalace manner, his fingers are short and thick; so I think we may safely settle, to start with, that Hopkins is a very ordinary man, and has no imagin ation. I scarcely remember how we first fore gathered with Hopkins. He was hardly the man we should have chosen for an intimate friend; yet, at one time, we saw a good deal of him. In those jolly old days Frank ho d I lodged in modest rooms together and shared a studio. I think Hr. Levi Solomon, the picture-dealer, to whom, when hardly pressed, we would sell a picture or two, brought him to us as a gentleman who desired a personal interview. It was, of course, against Solomon's secret wishes that the introduction tookplace, as the worthy Israelite did not approve of di rect transactions between artist and collector; but Hopkins was doubtless a good customer and stood firm, so one day Solomon con ducted him to our studio. We must have been in funds at thatmoment,for I remember we treated poor Solomon rather cavalierly; and as for Hopkins, we looked upon him as a being from a lower sphere; a Philistine; a cesaturo whose presencein the world could only be tolerated from the stern necessity that an artist must sell his pictures so someone, in order to live. Our ideas of the grandeur and importance of the true mission of art were very lofty in those days, especially if we happened to have a fewpoundsinourpockets. Hopkins, to us, was one of a class ofmenwho buy young artists' pictures, solely with a view of realising hundreds per cent. on the invest-? ments when fame comes to the painter. However, whether from mercenary inclina tions, or for the many good qualities that 'adorned us, Hopkins took a great fancy to us and sought our society from that day. Of course. he had the usual commercial faults, and not a few defects of education; but he had a great and proper reverence for genius, and delighted to do it homage-at least so we understood the meaning of those little dinners he gave us, at his own chambers and various other places. As artists, after all, are but mortal, and, when young and strug gling, not too highly fed, we accepted Hop kins's attentions in theospirit we fancied they were meant, and, after a bit, tolerated him; indeed, even began to think he was a desir able acquaintanci-- oo, moved li a feeling of gratitude for his civilities, only doubled the market-price of the pictures'we could at times induce him to buy. We enjoyed the dinners he gave us very much, but I am sure Hopkins enjoyed himself more when we were kind enough to conde scend to invite him to spend an evening at our lodgings. He gave us Lafitte and choice cigars; we onlyplaced pipes and whisky upon the table; but then, as he said, our rooms, if humble, were the abode of art, which he honored. Altogether Hopkins was not a bad sort, and those were merry old times. If Hopkinesdid not himself take a leading part in the conversation during these evening entertainments, he was at least, a capital listener; and, somehow, when Frank Blair and I, as was our wont, got into lively discus sions on things in general, and artinparticn lar, we had contracted the habit of addressing our remarks' to our guest, much in the same way that honorable members address their words to the Speaker. Hopkins would sit in the crazy armchair and listen with a sort of stolid impartiality, but rarely ventured to make a remark on his own account. Occa sionally I fancied his face during our talk would wear an expression of content, but shouldnot like to be rash enough to assert even that much. He would sit smoking his pipe or cigar, but the nearest approach he made to entering into the discussion was by giving an occasional grunt, which might be either of approbation or condemnation, as those who heard chose to construe it. Some timces, for want of better amusement, Frank and I .would join our forces together, and chaff our friend unmercifully. He bore our sallies of wit very well, and seemed to like us none the worse that we made fun at his ex pense. Yet there was little fun in it, pfter all; and we decided that, except to keep our hands in, it was scarcely worth while to waste our fine passes on a man who was so unre sisting, and knew so littleof fence. But one unlucky evening he brought upon himself a regular onslaught. We had been dilating upon the charms of an artist's life, and asserting its moral super iority to that of any trade, when our friend sighed deeply and said : " Sometimes, do you know, I think had I learnt to draw when a boy, I mighthave done something in your line. But now I am afraid it is too late." The idea was so presumptuous that we felt it demanded instant and severe punishment, so Frank said gently: " My dear fellow, you draw some things very nicely now, even without an artist's edu cation-cheques for instance." I followed more severely: "Mr. Hopkins, allow me to warn you against falling into the error of that general public which you so well represent, in think ing that the execution alone makes the artist. An artist, as I understand the word, must have many qualities besides manual dexterity. HIImust have, in addition, many of the gifts of the poet, and amongst them, that greatest gift of all, imagination. Now, you, my dear asir, I am afraid are not very great at that." Poor Hopkins said nothing, evidently con vinced, by Frank's sarcasm, and my ponder ous arguments, that his case was a hopeless "Do you ever dream?" asked Frank. "Not very often," replied Hopkins, " only after curried lobster or crab, or something of that sort. I am a very sound sleoeper." "Then you see, if you can't dream with. out the assistance of indigestible food, you can't imagine, and I, with every wish to on courage inoipient talent, should advise you not to adopt the professon of an artist." "VWell, well," said Hopkins, "Let us say no more about it," and he sighed again. But we were not inulined to let him off so easily, and went on in the same vein, till we were weary, and tossed him and his aspirat ions about between nus like a ball. We treat ed him very badly, and he must have boon thi best tempered, or the thickest skinned of men, to have stood it without showing anger. Tired at last of baiting our imperturbable friend we turned to other topics. S"Seen Jones's new picture?" asked Frank. " Yes. Don't care much for it," I rephlied "men shouldn't try to pdint old subjeetd unless they can treat them in anew manner." "Well, it must be hard to strike out a new line with Hamlet and the ghost. Imonever tried to paint a ghost, so I don't know what I should make of it." "I shall wait till I see one, and then offer' it handsome terms for a fow sittings. I think there is something to be done with ghosts, but they must be of an original kind-not conventional, like Jones's," "Hang it; no. They are always the same -thinly painted, with something placed con. veniently behind them, to show their. trans parency. I wouldn't care to paint a ghost of that sort; people only laugh at them: but I should like to put that creepy sensation on canvas-that feeling that something uncanny is about." " Well, when someone does see a ghost, we may got the correct thing; not till then." , "Ghosts ain't vis'ble," said Hopkins, solemnly; "but, for all that, there arc ghosts." A remark like this from Hopkins was an event not likely to be passed by, so we cried in a breath: "'What do you know about ghosts? Ever troubled with them?" He took his pipe from his lips, and said qluietly : - "If you young fellows won't laugh too much, I don t mind telling you." We promised the gravity of Solon, and Frank winked at me in so barefaced a man ner, that anybody but our unobservant friend would have seen it, and at once declined speakinig. However, no mischief was done, for in deep accents he began: "You remember-" - way;tli.ietsttiry e0?e ities going to? b,'h som? .thing i.iful. 'Let us fill the glasses first." We did so. "Now fire away, old fellow, and don't, please, embellish your truthful, tale with too many flowers of fancy." Hopkins paused a little. ' Look here," he said, "you won't mention this to anybody, as I should not like the peo-. ple on the Stock Exchange to' hear of it. They chaff so." We vowed that wild horses should not rend the terrible revelation from our bosoms. Hopkins began again : " You remember my late partner, poor old Bobbett?" "Never even heard of him," interrupted Blair. " Ah, to be sure. Before your time. Well, our firm was-indeed, is now-Bobbett, Hop. kins and Company." " What business?" I asked with an air of a cross- examining counsel. "Stock-jobbers. Ofilce, Capel Court," said Hopkins, with a return to his usual broe. vity. "Excuse my interrupting your interest ing tale," said Frank, "but what is a stopk jobber ? Something eminently respectable, honest, and lucrative, I have no doubt. But what is it?" Hopkins summed up his profession briefly, thus; "You want to sell stock--another ,man wants to buy stock-you go to a broker-lho goes to a broker-both brokers go to a jobber, or dealer, which sounds nicer-your broker sells him the stock, his broker buys it of him. That's a stock-jobber's business in a nut shell." "But as I am ignorant of all transactions in stock, I fail to see the pull of it." I " Well; your broker sells it to me for, say, one hundred and twenty; the other man's broker buys it for me for, say, one hundred and twenty-one; and that's the way we make our living." "That is a nice business," said Blair, in tones of admiration; "so easy, just the thing to suit you, I should think." "Don't listen to him," I cried ; "go on with your tale." Hopkins, not the least discomposed by the interruptions, proceeded : " Old Bobbett was my partner, and a capital partner he was-sharp as a needle, and bold as a lion, and always fair in his. dealings be tween partner and partner. The only fault I had to find with him was that he was a little too fond of speculating on his own account. I like best to let people speculate through me. It pays best in the long run, and you sleep much sounder when a rising or falling market don't make a difference of a thousand or so to you. But Bobbett couldn't keep out of it. The excitement was everything to him, and I must say he was very clever; seldom making a bad mistake. He gave all his time to it and had the most marvellous way of picking up information before other people. I never knew where he got his tips, but when lihe strolled into the office of a morning and said, "Better sell or buy North British, Brighton As,' or what else it might be, I know he had heard something, and there would be a move one way or another in the stocks he named. I tell you I used to getvery frightened at first, especially when we did make losses; but at each year's end I found the balance the right side, so, at last, I came to trust Bobbett implicitly-let him do just as he liked; and if he had told me consols were going to drop to eighty, I think I should have believed him. Poor old Bobbett I" Hopkins paused here. It might have been from the emotion caused by the recollection of tender commercial passages between him self and the lamented Bobbett, bpt, if so, his face said nothing. Frank drew the back of his hand across his eyes, and murmured: "This is all very interesting-very pathetic, but where's the promised ghost?" Our stolid friend took no notice, but went on like one commencing a fresh chapter of a novel. "One day my partner told me he was going to the north of England on some private business. There was very little doing on the Exchange at that time, or, I am sure, no private business would have called him away. 'Better not operate until my return,' le said, 'unless you hear from me. If I think any. thing worths doing, or pick up any news, I will wire.' 'All right,' I said; 'pleasant journey to you.' And so he wont out of the office, never to return. Poor old Bobbett 1' Hopkins seemed almost in tears, and we, who had never given him credit for such tender feelings, tempered our surprise with sympathy. . "The next day but one came a telegram from John Bobbett, Crossleigh-road Station. It contained these simple words, ' Sell thirty thousand Martha.' I was thunderstruck as I read it." ".Wait a minute," said Blair; " you are going beyond us again. What did he mean ? Were you slave.jobbers as well as stock. jobbers?" "We call stocks by nicknames. Caledo. nlan Deferred are 'Claras,' Brighton Deferred are 'Berthas.' Northern As' 'Norns,' so that Manchester and Dundees are ' Marthas.'" "I see," said Blair; "what ingenuity I " "I was thunderstruck, I say; and as I read the telegram my first thought was, it must be a forgery; but a secret word known to us alone, put its authenticity beyond a doubt. And yet, in spite of my high opinion o1 Bobbett's cleverness, I hesitated for some minutes. I could see no possible reason to expect a fall in the stock named. The tratio return wasgood,andalargo dividendwasnatur. ally expected. All rails were high, and all the knowing people said must go higher. There was lots of publio money for investment, and the outside public dearly loves to buy on a rising market, and yet, with all these Ifacts before me, I am proud to say I trusted my old partner, although it was with a heavy heart I followed his instructions. I sold at the best price I could get, and, just as I had placed the last live thousand, became aware of great excitement'in the market. You will scarcely credit it, but telegrams came in, running so-' Terrible accident on Manchester and Dundeo line. Two trains completely wrecked. Fifty persons killed and wvonded.' You must remenmber the collision. It was in awfsl smash np, and nearly swvampedt the dividend on tih deferred shares for that Isalf. year. "As soon as the first excitement subsided, . I began to think of Bobbott. ; I knev hl was osomowhere up that way, and, for the moment, . felt anxious about him, and then I laughed at my fears as I remembered the telegram I had v received a short time before. He, at least, d must be all right, or ho could not have sent I me that line; but what an artful old rascal fellow, I mean-to manage to forestall every r one in the intelligence I He must have sped to k theneaoresttation,despatched hismessage, and I, perhaps bribed the telegraphist to keep back t the ofloieal newd'until I lhad time to complete thetransaction. However he had managed, o it was very clever, and ought to be a lot of " money in our pockets, and thankful I was I \- had trusted him. . ...... .... I "I daresay you two, in your hearts, think I this very wrong, but it is diamond out dia a mend on the London Stock Exchange, I can tell you."' Forank and I made polite: disclaimers, and o as we were growing rather interested in this iniquitous exploit of Bobbott's, pressed Hop kins to go on without fear of wounding our susceptibilities. " Of course I was very sorry for the poor 1 people killed, but I could not help feeling as I went back to my office that I had done a very e good day's work. 'I won't' close,' I said ' until Bobbott returns. I should think, with this transaction opern, he is sure to get back to-morrow.' Even as I made this resolution, a clerk put a telegram in my hand. It came from some railway oilloial, and informed me that John Bobbett had been killed in the 'smash, iMy surprise at the first messago was nothing to what I felt now. It was ut. i torly incomprehensible - it was im ossible. How could I3obbett be dead when his telegram lay before me? When lee sent that he must have been alivea .,ald?wl vsv.bh?mly possiblb h could hakl7got; any onre.else to send oilff the message, and died I after from injuries. I was greatly puzzled and alarmed, so decided that the best thing I could do to elucidate the mystery, was to go myself to the scene of the accident, and as certain the truth. I started by the night mail, travelled all .night, and early in the morning, reached Crossleigh road, a little station of no importance. Ties accident hlad t happened some miles further down the line, r and when I reached the place, I was conduct ed to a large barn, which stood near the side of the railway ;and there laid out on the I deal boards, I saw, side by side with many a ghastly object, the corpse of eoor old Bobbett, mangled and battered ahnost beyond recog nition. After the emotion I felt at seeing my old partner in this state had subsided, a feeling of intense fear replaced it. I saw at one glance, that,.by no possibility, could he have moved a foot after the accident, and as I stood wondering, a doctor who was near me, said: "' He was more fortunate than many, his ieath was instantaneous.' "I obtained further particulars. from. the people about, and learnt that his body had been extricated from the wrck'dof the car ringes, where it lay with about a ton of wood and iron on top of it . "And yet I had his telegram, sent from Crossleigh Road, a station, as I told you be fore, at least five miles from the scene of the collision, and I received that telegram nearly an hour before any news came of the acci. dent." Hopkins knocked the ashes out of his pipe, and was silent. The man'd tale had been told so simply, so circumstantially, the time and places stated so distinctly, and .apparently truthfully, that Frank and I for the moment were unable to suggest any explanation. Hopkins replenished his pipe with tihe air of one who has nothing further to say. At last I asked: "But did you not enquire at the telegraph office?" - " Oh yes. But I hardly like to tell you the result of my enquiries, it seems so stranger I interviewed the man who worked the machthie; I did not want to get a marvellous tale spread about, so was very cautious in my questions, enquiring what messages he had sent off the day before. At first I could get nothing out of him, but I noticed, when I asked him whether he could remember any strange 4cir. rence just before the accident, he- samcd troubled, and hesitated a little; so I prbssed him further, and at last got this statement from him. Some time, about an hour Ihe thinks, before he heard of the accident down thi line, he was standing in the office with his back to the fire, engaged in cracking nuts, eating apples, or some other device that clerks with plenty of leisure employ to while away the time, when he felt a breath of cold air as if someone had entered and left the outer door ajar. He turned round to renionstrate with the careless intruder, and, to his sur prise, saw the door was shut. As he glanced round the room he heard the familiar click, click, click, and lie- was quite prepared to swear he saw the handle of the instrument working rapidly on its own account, and evidently sending off a message somewhere. He was so taken aback, and, indeed, frightened,. that for some moments he could not move, and when at last he re covered himself sufficiently to 'spring for ward, the movement of thle handle had ceased, and the message, whatever it was, speeding to its destination. lie . was sure; from the short time it took in sending, the message was one of very few words, and I need not say that, as telegraph clerks are unaccustomed to seeing their instruments worked by invisible agency, he was very much puzzled, but decided not to report the occur rence for fear his superiors should think lhe had been drinking. l.gave him a couple of sovereigns, and begged him to say nothing about it. Afterwards I enquired at the other end, and found the message had been for warded in an ordinary way. So that in spite of my disbelief in anything supernatural, I could only come'to one conclusion." "It is very strange," said Frank. "So you think -" "I think that poor old Bobbet's ghost flow at once to the telegraph-ollice, and managed to send off that important message to his old partner and friend. Bobbett was a very clever cman,and no doubt his ghost was cloverer thau other people's ghosts." " So that in the general confusion, it man. aged to evade pursuit for a few moments?" Hopkins made no reply. " But," I asked, "have you any reason for thinking that ghosts in general, or Bobbett's ghost in particular, are endued with a know. ledge of the Morse alphabet?" "I have told you before," said Hopkins, with crushing solemnity, "that Bobbett was a clover man, and linew most thingp." "Vell, what about the wlat-d' lo-call.ems -the young womna, the Marthas?" asked Frank. "I waited some days before. I closed the account, hoping that Bobbott might send me instructions about them somehow, but, as I heard nothing from him, I bonght them back. at ten per cent. less." "That, I suppose, means a satisfactory con. clusion, and you.netted something ?" "Thrceo thousandpounds. It ought to hlave been more, ihad I dared to wait; for they foell fifteen before they stopped. l'Perhlapse added Hopkins, thoughltfully and regretfully, "had I waited till then, Bobbett' would have sent me a message to close." He said this in such serious good faith, that we stared at one another. When we re. covered from our astonishment, I asked: "That profit, of course, went into the part nership account ?" "Of course it did, sir," replied Hopkins, almost angrily. "After deducting my travel. ling expenses, I passed his share to his credit.' "And I hope," said Frank, with a solemn face, "you paid tie company thle shilling for thle telegraphic message, which Mr. Bhebbelt sent without their permission." Hopkins rose with a manner almost digni fled. "Mr. Blair," hle said, "this is the one sub ject I never jest upon. I have told you, in the simplest language, a strange, but a true tale, and will now wish you goold-nighlt." So saying, hie went. Frank, rather huffed at his last words, only shook hands with our departing guest, but I conducted him downstairs, and saw him out, s As I closed the door, I heard a tremendous , grunt; indeed, so loud was it, I thought it t niust he a summons for re-admittance. I I opened tihe door again, and, to my surprise, saw Hopkins leaning against the railings, with t every muscle of his bread back in motion. I was quite alarmed, and said hastily: "Amr you ill, old fellow ?" SThe quivering motion ceased, and Hopkins 1 turned round and looked up.at me, and his I great face,-under the lamplight, was empty of 3 expression as ever. "No; only the recollection of those things, fI told you, always upsets me. Good night. | Poor old Bobbett 1" - " Strange tale, Frank," I said, when, having c closed the door on Hopkins's departing sigh, we settled down once more. S" Very. Had anyone also but Hopkins told it, I shouldn't have believed a word of it; but I e could no more invent it than'he could I paint my Alexander and Tlhais." " How do you account for it?" "Can't dccount for it. The only explana. tion I can see is, that Bobbett, who must have been no end of a rascal, laid some plan for wrecking the trains, and arranged to have the telegram sent oft previously. But then he was in the train,'and was smashed up him. self, so that won't do." "I have seen it asserted," I said, "in a book on spiritual influences, that a person dying, and thinking of someone at a distance, Shas been able to make a sort of resemblance of himself appear to that someone. Bob Sbett's thoughts, directly the smash 'came, may have turned to this one passion-spec ulating, and acted somewhat in the same way." S Noisense ol" said Frank; that.won't hold w?ater.. I can't account for it." . , , S ,nverid. Hopins declined to Stalk any, more upon the subject, which, he said; was a painful one to him, so we soon ceased to think about it. | And yet there is one thing that puzzles ms. Some years afterwards, I spoke about HIop kins and his peculiarities, or, rather, lack of , laculiarities, to a mutual friend, when, sud I denly remembering his tale, I said: S 'By-th-bye, did you know his late partner, I}Bobbett ?" *" Oh yes; very well-sharp man lie was too 1" " Killed in a railway accident, I believe ?" " No; he died in his bed like other people, and left a lot of money behind him.' . Now,- thiss piece of information, coupled with-the recollection of Hopkins, as I saw him, leaning against the railings outside the .front door, quiveriug with strange emotion, caused a feeling of uneasiness in my mind, and sometimes now, in spite of his unmean ing features and commonplacs demeanour, I ask myself, in confidence: "Were we wrong after all, and did Hopkins possess imagina tion ?" -(From All the Year loend.) 