SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. VICTORIA AMATEUR TURF CLUB RACES. [BY TELE.GRAPH. ("FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) MELBOURNE, Sunday. The meeting held at Caulfield, on saturday, under the auspices of the Victorian Amateur Turf Club was the most successful since the inauguration of the club The weather was splendid, and the fields were fairly large The racing was of a most interesting character There was a large attendance, including the Governor and suite The following are the results - SU I t\0 STAtES Dniiiim 1 King of the lure t 2 Honora 3 Betting 8 to 1 iie-aiEstDueniii, Bro. e Ironclad 10 to 1 Honora, from 12 to 1 others Hide urn li enters the held went away in i,(riii,L,linsrordi! line min Club was first in front, maintained her lead thto\iP.hout and warm com fortiiBlv Honora got badly away, but even fist at the finish and took third place Ciolil replied Miss Glorious were left at pot 1 uno, 10 seconds HANDICAP HURDLE RACE Ellerslie 1 Uliuiiiiiirile 2 The other sailors were Reid River, I am of Uvdo, Tamworth, Mary Mimi Ihob time visit to I on Bin us, to 1 Dhurringile into 1 Red Rover Merry Maid immediate lv rushed to the front and went several lengths ahead, Red Rover, Intuvvorth, and Lord of hotels I alluvials. Dhurringile and the favourite bringing up the rear At the far turn Merry Maid run on and 19! all the others, except Rhesus and Dhurringile lifter bet the others on (In-covering their mistake pulled up but Mt m Maid continued the race She w use night in Rhesus a few yards from the winning post Time, 4 minutes II secondly Nin person, who rode Merry Maid, was dnu-u'filled for twelve months for continuing a race after missing n hurdle AUSTRALIAN AMATEUR CHALLENGE CUP Gll-Wlighl 1 Chimney Sweep ! Highflyer 8 The betting was 0 to 4 against Ulowltght, 2 to 1 Marquis 4 to 1 others There were four other starters, three of whom, with Highflyer, fill at different parts of the course ' Glowhght obtained the load, but on entering the straight Edith challenged, and a grand race ensue j the former reaching the post three lengths ahead Edith was disqualified, on the ground that she ran inside the post Time, 4 minutes 42 seconds SELLING RACE. Ghost . 1 Respite . a Semple 3 Three others started Ghost, who was the favourite, won easily CAULFIELD GRAND NATIONAL STKïr_RCUASB. Left Honor 1 Chrysalis 2 Jack Scandal " 1 The other starters were Abdallah Leslie, Young Deceiver, saying, Breechloader, Niretitld, Mameluke, and, Napoleon, Baronet, and Hands Down The betting was 6 to 4 on Left Bower, 1 to 1 Chrysalis, and 2 to 1 Jack "annual An excellent start was effected, and all the jumps were safely negotiated until passing the stand the second time when Baronet every ed and fell over the picket fence on to the lawn, without, however, injuring himself or his rider Brecchlo clear and Minnie silver also fell Stag run all of the last fence Left Bower made a rush and took the lead from Jack Scan dal, and came in an easy winner Napoleon fell at the last fence 1 uno, 5 minutes 45 seconds AMATEUR HANDICAP THAT RACE Don Quixote a ~ 1 Betting 5 to 4 numbers, 5 to 2 Don Quixote, 6 to 1 other starters. Won in a cantor 