HOW THE CUP SHOULD BE RIDDEN. , 'Yod will observe,' said a past grandmaster in jockeyship, wlio had some spare minutes on his hand before the engrossing event took place, 'yon will observe that the Cup course iB like one of those musical signs, a loop with a tail. Tbe tail leads down to the Cup start. You have a straight gallop of half a mile to the stand. Then you round the corner to tbe left, and gallop nearly three- quarters 'of a mile straight. There is a tarn by the I abattoirs, and a curve leads you right round to the straight for the run in. Well, I usually know six weeks or so before what is to be my mount for the Cup. A jockey, in practice, has besides a tolerable all-round knowledge of tbe horses that are running. With such a stake as tbe Cup, the owner, if he intends to win, takes care that I am well acquainted with my horse, over the tan or cinder. - ' I can't Bay that the winning of a big affair like the Melbourne Cup affords particular scope for artistic horsemanship. The grand jockeyahip in the Cup race has too often been among the losers. One of the best and 'moat BucceB-ful bits of showy riding was by Cutts, when be rode Archer the second time to victory, in 1862. He waited on them 'lag last,' and then picked off hia horses beautifully one by one, flinging them behind him. The day of such tactics ib past, even with an Archer. The St. Albana stable has generally shown a peculiar etyle of riding, the inspiration of the genius and experience of Mr. J. Wilson. He trained his two sons, who were formidable light weights, one after the other. As the second grew out of the six stone register, he was replaced by St. Albana, who haa proved himself pretty well Dp to tbe mark of the Wilson blood. If yon have watched these three riders, you .will perceive that they have all been great on the finish— the rush on the post—1 the St. Albana rush' is tbe word. This involves a careful nursing of your horse until the critical momenta. In old times in England, that is to Bay over 60 years ago, Sam Chifney's rush was proverbial. In the next generation 'Aldcroft's rush' waa invariably looked for. This is a feature, too, in Archer's riding, and every jockey baa his own recipe. . ' In Hales we have a clever, if not a great artist;. His brightest performances were on Grand Flaneur, with whoBe name he ib identified, in the glorious season of 1880, when the great Sydney horae was invincible, and beat our Progress. every time they met without taking any trouble over it. Grand Flaneur's Cap race was momentous. Hales knew that the envious eyes of his brethren were specially directed to him. He got away, a little wide, eo as to avoid a squeeze. Then he manipulated the field aa nicely as possible. His management of tbe race was some* thing like th.it of Catts on Archer,, referred to above, bat Hales took a more forward place amongst tbe crowd. He knew the quality of the magnificent animal palpitating under him. Hales speaks of these as the happiest moments of his life. He knew that his horae was the purest steel, and deapiaed the field. At the same time there waa the golden opportunity of a clear stage, against which the chances .had been so great. Hales felt he was winning as he liked all the way up past the lawn. He could come and go on the horse. What a pity there was nothing better than Progress — an admirable racer notwithstanding — to draw oat this Eclipse of our day. He Bailed in with a fnll eheet, the worthiest of Cup win'ners. Another horse which lives in the fond memories of jockeys is The Barb. His heart was as big. as a pumpkin. When called upon he would shake his head, as much as to eay ' I tell you I'm doing my best.' An equally game look had Navigator last Saturday when he came oat for tbe Derby canter, and I felt I had put my money on the right horse when I saw him. lifting up his head to get a sight for himself of the courBe and the crowd beyond the rails and across the flat. Some horaeB come out to do what they're bidden, and others to work out their own salvation. A great horae knows when he's got a big race on hand long before the flag drops. ' I recollect once Merino's saddle turning right round as be wob finishing at Flemington, but be came in first with tbe saddle dangling, while the jockey rode on the bare ridge of the horse's backbone. Tbia waa a fair win. A jockey is liable to be fined for losing bis cap, but will not be disqualified if he weighs in all right... Archer, Fordbam, and other crack jockeys at home have started a fashion of occasionally riding youngsters without whip , or spur, in the belief that thoBe incentives are but seldom abso lutely required. ??-: ' Did you notice the quiet, easy-going look round Hales took on Navigator )a9t Saturday near the finish ? He had his wits jast as fully about him as when he took tbe trial gallop, and the race was nothing more. ,. Many a flamed jockey has been beaten on the post through jost glancing over his shoulder. They say tbat in the race for tbe Caul field Cup the jockey on Verdure was looking back over the wrong shoulder when Little Jack stole up between him and tbe rails, where he ought to have kept a closed road. Such a movement by Day on Nimblefoot wonld have made Lapdog first in 1870 for the Cup, and such a look, again, would infallibly have caused Pigott on Chester to be beaten by Savanaka, whose race it would have been in two yards more TheBe were both Wilson rnBhes, like .that on Romnla, ; which failed to overhaul Pearl, in 1871. . 11 HaleB stands at the head of tbe flat-racing jockeys, as Corrigan leads the jumpers, bat, intrinsically, I look on Corrigan ib the best horseman in the country. I find his name only in jne Melbourne Cup list, and not placed. He has every requisite —splendid dash aa well as judgment. In fact, he iB the Scobeleff 3r General Sheridan of tbe cross-coantry saddle. Donbtleaa he would be far and away the premier of the flat if he could come to ;he acale lighter. Yeomana ia a moat reliable man. I would ike to Bee the winning brackets brought out as in England. Dracknell iB the one for making the pace a ' cracker.' to borrow ;he sporting jargon, and yet scoring wins. Hie performance on Darriwell, winning the Cap, was almost superb. Pigott ia a boroughly good jockey, too. He can always be entrusted with i first-class horBe. ' Among our retired jockeys on the Victorian side, Morrison deserves special praiae, not only for horsemanship, bat also for bis example. He was, and'is, a beautiful rider, the btan ideal for handling a young blue-blooded Gasworks or Charon. Hia temper never failed. I recollect him patting spirits again into Glencoe, and restoring him to the ranks of the winners, when other jockeys said tbe horse had sulked away to nothing. On the New South WaleB side, Joseph Kenn and Stanley ought not to be overlooked in your gallery. None more brilliant than Kean at his beat, or more dogged than Stanley. I remember two jockeys fighting in a race at Randwick. I waa going to give you their naraea, but refrain, as I happen to flee that one of th.e names appears in this Melbourne Cup race. Yea, the two jock a flogged, not their horBea, bat each other 1 Of coarse, they were had op before the stewards, and smartly dealt with. This pnta me in mind of a case in the hunting field, in Leicestershire where two huntsmen flogged at each other with their long whips over a distance of three mileB, taking the jumps almost together and resuming the fan between whiles. There mast have been -a lady in tbat case. .:.?''? ' Bat what you want to know is how we ride Cap races. Well tbe day comes; We saddle op, and weigh oat. We are not hasty in getting through the crates, because there is an idea that the first horBe out is unlucky. Many jockeys have a regular fancy for coming out late. Now, I give my horae his preliminary canter or gallop. There are some horaea you muBt get away for a gallop before the Btart, or they are pretty Bore to be left on the post. Othera will bound right off at any moment, a great ad vantage. Some good ones ure sure to be stiff, and must have their j linta oiled by a downright rattle for a quarter of a mile. My instructions are either (1) to wait on them and come towards tbe finish ; (2) to make the running on my own account; (3) to make the 'ruuntng for another borse ; (4) to block something With a really first-class horse the instructions will be to wait and come. One of inferior stamp, with daah of foot, and a weight that is a great deal too light — aay a Nimblefoot a Haricot, a Darriwell, or a Zulu — must usually be forced to the f rout, and kept there. Then there ia tbe borne on which I am only put to wind and tire out favourites. This animal sbootB a marvellouu bolt, and makes good onea run away, so that they get pumped and flustered, cannot come at the right moment when our second string, whatever it is, the ' horse meaut * ?lips up. ' r' It is no uae blinking the fact that some horaes, started alto gether on the off chance, are very useful at jamming tbe favourite upon the rails, and keeping in front of something. You have got tbe inside on a scrubber, and are deaf to all the cries of the man behind, with a borse full of running, to let him come up, The new fence round the course is a help to these tactics, and a fearfully dangerous thing besides. You see the Cup field ia such a mob that it obscured a good deal of bcientifia riding. There ia I a ruck jumbled together Jike tbe worms in a pot when you go fishing. The ruck will hug the rails, but if yon gallop wide you have ever so much farther to go. Just figure out tho course on a sheet of paper, and circulate. ? ' We draw for places before going to the start. One haB to get off well, and yet in bund. We uiu-t shave as near a a we can to beinu fined. As I paea tbe stand I have some idea whether it ia my home's day out. No one can afford to be the last along that oblique stretch. Your horse way die away at the abattoirs, and you will not really ride him another yard. Suppose you feel him palling double there, then he haa a splendid chance. You let him comfortably pass one after another, and rounding the turn he is among the first half dozen, who have shaken off the field. Now you can ride freely, aa if there .was no score of horses behind. 'For tbe finish, you must ait down on your saddle. If flogging, a man has to be careful not to strike another horse on tbe nose, which may throw him out of hia stride, and bring in a foul. The arm is revolved, and you skim your horse's flank. It is a nice point to decide whether you shall ran it out or not. A bad second or third will ruin your horse in future handicaps, and ensure you a blowing up for not easing him off. Owners don't care much for places. A jockey who keeps hia head cool knowa when he ia flogging a dead horse. It you feel the go in him, why, let him run it, out if there ia a ghost of a chance. Still, take for your maxim, 'First or nowhere.'' ^OTES IN OUB BIOBOOK ( ^OTES IN OUB BIOBOOK ( f 0K os cup DAY- f 0K os cup DAY- 