MISCELLANY. GBOWING EVILS.-Weeds. SUBJBOTB OF EXAMINATION.-Witnesses. HK was asked if he knew the difference between "starboard" and " port,"and with a knowing leer replied " H'm, well, rather, and I prater port." "YODXTG gentlemen candidates for matri monial honours should take notice that a gran widow is anything but green," says an nnfortaoate exchange. BALDHKADED wigs are only seen on the stage, where care is taken to hold the mirror up to nature. Nature Is outraged In a barber's shop. TALK abont " nnkissed kisses" and "nntbnnk thoughts." It is the unvoted votes that make half the mischief in politics.-American Paper. CIBCUS STATISTICS.-The average life of a circus actor is 40 years. The average age of a circus joke Is SCO years. The latter is " worked almost to death" every year, too. A NEVADA editor, in response to a sab* sctiber who grumbles that his morning paper was intolerably damp, says "that is because there Is so much due on It." TH> OBDXB or DKVUAFMKRT.-Darwin says man sang before he talked. Of oourse, they were forced to invent language then. They had to express the disgust which angers always entertain for each other's vocal efforts. THI PRIMEVAL HEN. - The Denver "Republican'" remarks: "It is singular, but It is one oi the facts proved by our market reports, that a down ranch eggs are now worth more than the original hen." Well, the original hen ought to be pietty tough by this time. Cmo CRITICISM.-Omaha has one or two places that are comparatively free from mud. One is the top ot the high-school done, and the other-well, one can get along pretty well on the roof of the Mail lard with top boots and his pants tucked In, The City Council do not live and labour altogether In vain. How HsLOST HIS CASK.-'"Gentlemenof the Jury," said a blundering counsel in a suit about a lotof hogs, "there were lost SO In the drove. Please remember the tact-80 hogs; Just three times as many as In that jury- box, gentlemen." Theoounsel didn t gain his case. SINGDLAB FACT.-We read a great deal about the pat aversions of great men; about one man fainting at the smell ot a rose and another trembling at|the sight of a oat, but we have yet to hear ot a great Democrat, or even a small one, tainting at the smell of a bottle.-Cincinnati Advertiser. THOUGHTFUL NIOOXB. - " What do yon ?MM by disturbing me atthia hour of the night?'' said a doctor, angrily, to a negro who woke him at 8 o'clock in the morning. " I Jess allowed, bow, dat yer was so busy yer diant hab time ttr *tond to poor folks In der day time, eo I Towed Tddrap in after supper." UHEIASOITABLB.-'The man who keeps a noisy rooster in an otherwise quiet neighbourhood it the flrit to complain If his next door neighbour beoomes the possessor at a squalling baby; yet the baby may grow on to be President ot the United Stafte, while the roosteroaa never be anything but a diih to make boarders swear. 0N> of the stingiest men In Austin fell from a street-cur uad broke bis leg in two places. .* Are you hurt!" asked one of the parties who oame to his assistance. "Hot a particle," replied the sufferer, grinding bis teeth la pain; "I pay my doctor so much a year." TOOK HSB MIASUBI EXACTLY.-" Now," said a teacher uaprtaaqr eUas to one ot his papBs. to whom he WM toying to impart a knowledge of division, butwi^aj^^Mis^u won hade pie, andj l would ask wit taraquarteroflt, and yeu should gfos mewfcu twaatsd, Iwrguh wotfld you ha^lskr "I woaMn* bale any left rqticMy reeftoaded the little gM. i ? ; , ? TT A WANTED Isvwftrronr. - " I wonder," groaned the fat old gentian**, as he waspollb* oe bis left boot. " I wonderwhyoaearth Ed-l-son or - somebody d-o-n'c bring out- an Intention-<>h, {ad | ob, lud!-Vhkt would be <& realssrviaetomaiiklnd a b-o- o-t-J-ac-k- that could Jack a boot on '?wellaa tacldtoffl-whew t 'tis on at last-gimme a chair, llarrlar." ? 1 PHILOSOPHY. - V Sometimes," remarked , Fogg, removing bis cigar slowly, " I wigh that I had never been bora, or that I bad died in childhood." He puffed away for a moment or twoaod then added, ; With something like bis customary cheerfulness; - r Well, well, I nave not altogether lived invain. I bave made a fairly goodhusbaod for Mre. T.t a woman who never could bave got any body else to marry her." CDBIOBITT SATISFIED. - M. I. N., 8an Afitonio: " Please answer through your correspon. dents' column and tell me bow long men lived In the early ages of the world." We do not know exactly, but suppose that long men lived In the early ages with their parents, until they grew up. Then pro bably they started a ranch of their own, or married some girl with money who wanted a husband that ihe could look up to.-Texas Sittings. UNVABNISHED TBUTH.-" The truth is," said Mr. Haberdasher, as he leaned back in his easy chair and put his feet up on tbe desk. " the slrls are lacy, and u we give them stools to sit on they would sbiik their work anil loll around half tbe time, I never encourage habits of idleness. . By industry we thrive,' you know. Jack, here; hand me the paper and then run over to Madura's and ret me naif & dozen of his best Uavanasand then he leaned: back so the cushion would fit well in tbe small of his back, and proceeded to look over the " Political Outlook, wbile tbe head clerk said, "Certainly, sir," and went back to his desk.-Wit and Wisdom. SOUND ADVICE.-A traveller tella a story about his stopping at an hotel in New York one night, and being kept awake by a man pacing the floor in tbe room above. Occasionally be would bear a moan of anguish; and at last he went up, like a good Samaritan, to see it he could not relieve the sufferer. "My friend," said the traveller, gazing sympatheti cally at the haggard face of the Btranger, "what can I do for you? Are you HIT" " No." " What ails you, then?" "I have a note for ten thousand dollars coming due to morrow, and haven't a nickel to pay it with." "Ob, psbawl" said the traveller. "Oo to bed, and let the other fellow do the walking." THE FOLLY OP ABCTIC EXPLORATION.-1" For my part," said Mrs. Gooding ton, who had been listen ing to an account of tbe Jeanuette disaster, " I can't see what they want to be roaming around up in the archaic regions for. An open poplar sea} Fiddle stickB ! What is it good for after they've found it t I say, and I always have said, that if people would only stay at home and mind their own business, and not go prying into the miseries of nature, it would be a good deal better for them and vastly more sensitive, too !" The good old lady got so warm over the subject that she dropped three stitches before she hi! " done" one needle of her knitting. A REASONABLE WOMAN.-A motherly-look ing woman yesterday carefully handed the stamp clerk at the Post-office a letter marked " in haste," and inquired i! there was any extra charge for writing that on. " Oh none at alL" " How soon will the letter go out f " la about 40 minutes." " No sooner than that f " Well, we might hire a special train and get it off In about 20 minutes." " Would it be too much I trouble ?" " Oh none at all." She thought for a moment, turned the letter over three or four times, and finally Baid : " I guess I won't ask you to hire a special train, but if you will be kind enough to telegraph my sister that I bave written her a letter to - tell her that I can't come till Monday, and to be at the depot to meet me, and that mother didn't go to Toledo after all, I shall be ever so much obliged." -Sanderaky School Gazette. BABY PHILOSOPHY.-Mr. Blankit Bat look- - ing at the baby, trying to think of the usual idiotic, un- '' meaning and unmeant things that people siy about new babies, and at last, in a spasm of originality, remarked that "the baby had it's father's oom- . plexion." Then they all sat and looked at the rich cam el lan hues that made the wrinkled countenance of the unconscious infant glow like a mountain sun set, and nobody said anything until a feeble voice . from the adjoining room said: "It was a good thin? that baby bad it naturally, then, as it had required about fifteen years' steady practice and the coopera tion of three scientific clubs and five political campaigns to acquire it." Then a sad quiet stole over the room again, only broken by the hard breathing of the baby's father, looking at the thermometer to see what time It was, while Mr. Blankit, feeling that he ' could add nothing more to what had already been said, stole down stairs, softly whispering to himself about some fool, but tbe company couldn't catch the name, and didn't know who he meant.-Burlington Hawkeye. SOME THINGS EVERYONE OUGHT TO KNOW. -The following interesting items have been gathered by a private tutor in a general examination of the knowledge acquired by his pupils during the past year:-Newton shot the apple off his son's head. Achilles was killtd by Hannibal, for which the eyes of tbe latter were put out by Queen Ophthalmia. An hypothesis is an instrument for drawing up water, or it is a thing which happens to people after death. The letters of tbe alphabet are of three kind*, viz. Positive, comparative, and superlative. A polygamic is a sort of Roman Catholic-this in answer to a ques tion on Greek history, B.C. 700. The Roman law of tbe twelve tablet, forbade all works of supererogation. Translation - Vetcres Germani - German veterinary surgeons. Question-What Is the first person sin gular? Answer-I don't know; I suppose Adam. Question-What is the difference between singular and plural? Answer-One is masculine, the other feminine. Tutor reads:-" Holland is cut up into a network of canals, into which numerous windmills are continually pumping water." Pupil-"But what is the use of pumping water into network f* Tutor "Five per cent, is the rate of interest given tor each hundred-as five oranges for the use of one hundred oranges." Pupil-" But I didn't know that they put oranges In tbe bank t" HE KNEW ALL ABOUT IT.-" IS the editor In ?" asked a hungry-looking and somewhat seedy in dividual, as he spread himself over the oorner of the desk where that functionary was endeavouring to do three hours' writing in about thirty mlnqtes. " Tee, what do you want r' said the editor, without looking up, or other visible encouragement. " IVe got a new invention which I wish to bring to tbe. notice of the public. It's a patent bed lounge " " Ob, yes I know," growled tbe devoted one at the desk, " big. gest thin? in the land, isnt itf meets a long-felt want-sells at sight-warranted not to rip, tear, ravel, nor cut tn the eye-has a hundred and fifty springs-stuffed with hair throughout-no ridge down the middle-serves as a lounge, bed, crib, cradle, and baby carriage, and can be used as a sideboard. And yon want me to say that Mr. Blank, the gentlemanly and accomplished, Ac, That's what you want, isn't 11 ,;8lr." said tbe seedy one, "I oouidnt have de scribed it more graphically myself, and It the ' Ga zette' will express the merits of my Invention to . £?. ~11118 y°u will earn my everlasting gratitude.1* "Tb^s aU right," snarled the editor. "It'll be twenty-six shillings-twenty-six lines, at a shilling a line, payable in advanoe." Without a wurd, with a Irak ot intense reproach, the seedy man tamed sad did out of tbe door, while the editor calmly eon. tinned his aooountot the banquet that was to place tbe next day.-American Paper. THE OLD MAN'S GHOST.-Several days ago a celebrated spiritualist came to Little Bock, and s^rttfcatbtfore giving a public en^ta&t;^ would give a Beanos, where any member of a noil invited circle would call up the spirits of their antoonveras with them.- By mistake a man (ran ^e river was admitted, a man whose reputation tpr, deedsi ot violent* would not place hisspiritahof* peeln the soul market After listening awhile to bonUowinr, and game-veil miliirlsllsis 0,4 merir'asked the « /i14 **. governor, up* «What's bis name?" "TomBea up." " I dont think we an In oomtan ife ?*'**» matter, wuv m I. ®M *entJ^man is off aaa«Mk*.:ttfi here, just shut up your A the_ thingehen't.run?' "Wait; ttlsesSl said tbe sfrirfavwT "IfhemMtbree wuH^N? osptee umimESr I i want toy ^iiaintK. Whv «i ? EriB 