RICHARD BUTLER'S REVENGE, A 8TOBY OP IRISH JUSTICE. 4 Not guilty.' 4 The prisoner is discharged,' said the judge curtly, and accordingly the man whose fate had been hanging in the balance was released and quitted the dock, casting as he aid so a look of malicious triumph at Richard Holier, for the murder of whose brother be had just been tried and aoquitted.- A cheer rang through the courthouse, and was taken up by the mob outside, as James Reynolds (better known amongst his associates f®. Ned Jem) came forth tb be escorted in triumph to his house True the evidence against him had been clear enough to have convicted him almost anywhere else; true that not a man on the jury believed him innocent ; true that the cheering mob rejoiced, not so much at hiB acquittal as because he was in their belief most certainly guilty. -Had they thought him innocent, they would not have cared very much whether he were acquitted or not. As it was, the jury dared net convict him, and the mob exulted in bis release beoause he had shot his landlord. What did they care that Reynolds was idle, ignorant, and drunken ; that he had again and again broken the conditions nnd»r which le held his farm ; that he had -paid no rent :or three years ; and that the land was fast becoming worthless? HiB landlord had evicted him, and that in their eyes was sufficient to justify the murder. 1 Richard Butler returned the murderer's glance with a look of such relentless hate and stern determination that the ruffian quailed before it, and did npt feel quite at ease until he found himself surrounded by his abnnting friends ; nor did he think it advisable to remain much longer in the neighbourhood. There was, of course, no chance of his being reinstated in the farm he had held on the Butlers' estate ; no other landlord in the vicinity cared to take him as a tenant ; and for a time he vanished, regretted, it must be acknowledged, by few. Bichard Butler reigned in bis brother's stead, and, undeterred by the warning con veyed by his predecessor's fate, reigned as his brother had done — justly and liberally, although neither ustioe nor liberality gained for him popularity. An excellent practical farmer — -having learnt the business in Scotland — he laid down rules — and, moreover, insisted on their observance — the undoubted benefits of which an ignorant and prejudiced tenantry, were unable to appreciate. Almost every improvement which he caused to be carried out, even though paid for by himself, was looked upon as a vexatious interference with the customs of the people, who, before the Butlers eame into possession of the property, had lived under the rule of one of the good old-fashioned squires, who rained himself and half his property by allowing everybody to do exactly as they pleased so long asthey paid a certain amount of rent ; and h&MKndeed; was thought the oase of the— unfortunate tenant who was expected to pay additional rent because his landlord chose to build him a decent house to live in, in lieu of a tumble down cabin hardly fit to shelter the cow which stood in the corner. Shore the ould cabin was good enough for my father and grandfather before me, and it would have lasted one my time.' However, the landlord went nn bia vav caringrather too little, perhaps, for the ere. ju dices of his tenants, feeling confident that in the long ran they would discover the benefits arising from the ohanges which they disliked so much; and, had no outside influence been at work, it is very possible that his hopes might, before long, have been fulfilled. He was, however, an active and energetic magistrate, in which capacity he had, naturally enongh, made himself exceed ingly obnoxionB to the members of those secret societies which, at that time (for I am writing of a period many years ago), did, and, nnfortunately, in the present day still con tinue to do, so much mischief in Ireland. He was, in aconsequenoe, a marked man; the greatest pains were taken to infuse discontent amongst his tenantry, and only a favourable opportunity was awaited to deal out to him his brother's doom. About three years after Reynolds's acquittal, that worthy reappeared in the village. He had no apparent means of livelihood, nor did he seek any, bat was, nevertheless, well dressed, lived quietly and comfortably at the inn, and was always fairly well supplied With money ; in fact, he was there as the emissary of a Riband society, his mission being to obtain recruits from amongst Butler's tenants, and to put that gentleman ont of the way on the first convenient occasion. Of course he did not parade his errand about tbe place, for, though brutal and ignorant, he did not want for shrewdness. He knew most of the people on the estate, for there had not been many changes during his absence, yet he had been hanging about for nearly a month, carefully keeping out of Mr. Butler's way, before anyone knew what his business them was. His first recruit wad a man named Tom Horan, one of those semi-savage beings who are to be found in all communities, almost devoid of moral sense, ready to oariy out with absolute fidelity tbe orders he might receive from anyone who would provide him with a living without requiring him to work for it, yet sufficiently cunning to hold his tongue, even when drunk, as to anything which might, tend to got either himself or his employers into danger. One or two others, more or less of the same stamp, were enlisted, but Reynolds wanted to get hold of some of the better class, as bis superiors showed dissatis faction with the stamp of his recrnits, and fortune at last gave him thb chanrey A fine smart young fellow Edward Connor applied to Mr. Batter fay permission to hold as sub- tenant put of a fa held by a widow and her two sons, giving as areason that one of the sons was about to emgr|ttfll and that he, Ned Connor, wanted to marry the widow's only daughter, a pretty bright- eyed girl of eighteen. But khe landlord steadily refused. In the first place Dan j O'Donnell had fixed no definite time for his departure, and in the second bia reason for leaving was that he did not think the farm sufficiently large to keep the four of them j comfortably. Connor wastold feat he should have fee first vacant holding, and feat neither he noj Alice would be any the worse "y— — — for waiting a little longer ; but when is a man in love aceesslble to reason ? He pressed his s suit until Mr. Butler grew impatient and closed tbe discussion somewhat abraptly, so Ned 'tamed and went away in a rage,' not very well knowing what to do with himself, as he had, rashly enough, given up a good situation on a neighbouring estate before making sure of his new position. In this mood, unluckily . enough, he met Reynolds, who was not long in finding out his grievance, and artfully fanned his irrita tion until the young fellow felt rather as if he had been turned out of a good farm than refused permission to take part of an indifferent holding, and as if it must certainly be Mr. Butler'a fault that he had lost his employment. The conspirator played his part well, plied his victim with whisky, and having succeeded in getting him to an out of- the-wayhlaoksmith's shop where the Riband- men held their meetings, swore him in as a member of the society, almost before Connor, who was more than half intoxicated, compre hended what he was about. The new recruit seemed at first likely to be rather troublesome ; the morning bronght reflection, and Connor would willingly have undone fee work of the previous night and renounced his connection with the Riband- men, but Reynolds knew better than to give him a chance, working in turns upon his fears by assuring him of the terrible vengeanoe which would certainly overtake him should he attempt to draw back ; upon his sense of honour, by dwelling forcibly upon his duty to those who, by admitting him to their fellowship, had placed themselves in his power ; and upon his religious feelings, by | pointing ont the solemn and awfnl nature of 1 the oath he had taken. By these means Red I Jem kept his prey still in the toils, secretly t resolving that Ned should at the very first j opportunity be engaged in some enterprise j which should involve him so deeply that extrication wonld be impossible. Affairs were in this position when two strangers took up their abode in the village inn where Reynolds lodged. They had the appearance of decent small farmers, and spent their time in walking about the country and apparently examining the farms. Two days 1 later the head constable in . charge of the j nearest station called upon Mr. Butler and ( was closeted with him for some time, and the j same night a strong force of police surrounded the blacksmith's shop, searched it horn floor to roof, carried off the smith with another man whom they found them, and lodged them in gaol on a charge of Ribandism. - .Next day the two strangers, who gave their names as Doyle and O'Neill, had a long con ference with Reynolds, the result of which was that a close watch was set upon Richard Butler's movements. A week, however, passed uneventfully, notwithstanding which most of the people felt that 4 something' was about to happen ; nor were they in the wrong. Ned Connor sauntering one forenoon through the village street, met Reynolds walking hastily iix the opposite direction. As they passed each other, the latter slightly slackened his pace, spying, as he did so : 4 Meet me at The Gangers' Copse at four o'clock,' turning into the village inn, which was close at hand, before Connor had time to reply. The place named by Reynolds (which derived its name from the fact of an unfor tunate exciseman having been murdered there, whose ghost was said to haunt the place) was a lonely spot between three and four miles from the village, and was situated near the edge of a stretch of bog, across which ran a path, practicable for a pedestrian, but absolutely impassable by horse or carriage. This path formed a short cut to the town of C , to which place Butler had that morn ing driven by the road which ran round the bog, and did not pass within a mile or more of the haunted coppice ; but a Riband spy had come across the bog with the news that Bntler had met with an accident to his trap in the town, and, as it would take some time to repair, had been heard to say that he should probably walk home across the bog, for he was a first-rate pedestrian and fond of the exercise. A quarter of a mile from the copse, Connor overtook Horan, who was slowly walking in fee same direction. 4 And what brings ye here, Tom Horan ?' 4 Red Jem Reynolds tould me to be here at four. It's meself that doesn't like the plaee, bat 'tis no nse complaining ; we've got to obey our orders.' 4 And what is it he wants us to do?' Shore you must ask that question of him self, Ned, for I know no more than yourself.' A short distance farther on, they encoun tered Reynolds, who beckoned to them to follow him, and the three -men entered the little wood, Connor and Horan following their leader until they arrived at that angle of the, copse nearest to the bog, from which it was separated by a rough cart-track. A deep, wide drain divided fee track from fee bog, crossed, nearly opposite the spot where the men stood, by a plank bridge. The cart- track turned down by the side of the copse, and was frcun thence the nearest road to the village. Without saying a word, Reynolds drew from benekth some bushes a long bnndle carefully enveloped in waterproof, which, when opened, proved to contain two guns. Still in silence, he loaded and capped the weapons, gave one to Horan, the other to Connor, placed the former in ambaeh close to. the corner where the road turned round by the side of the wood, and the latter some three or four yards lower down, hoth how ever being so placed that, whilst well con cealed themselves, they had a good view of fee bridge. Taking a dead branch from the ground, he laid it on fee track some eight or ten yards from Horan's post, and then for the first time hroke silence. 4 Him we arc waiting for will oome over fee bog and aorosB the bridge. When his foot passes that branch, yon, Tom Horan, will fire. You, Connor, will wait, and not fire unless Horan misses.' Opening his coat, he produced a brace of pistols, which he carefully charged, replaced them in his belt, and, re-buttoning bis coat over them, continued : 'After 'tis over, you, Horan, will walk across the bog to p , but don't get feere until after dark ; if any one asks, joq which way you came, say b£ fee oad, ang wait at Donovan's till you hear from me. Ned, you will go back to fee village, but not by the way you came; I shall By , WQ werj none too soon 1 Be ready, boys ; here he comes !' In a very short time Connor, whose pnlses were throbbing as if the veins wonld burst, and who would have given anything and everything he possessed to have been any where else, saw the tall active figure of Richard Butler coming across the bog towards fee fetal spot. Some two hours later Doyle and O'Neill were strolling together along the road just, outside tbe village ; for a while they paced up and down without speaking, at last Doyle, knocking the ashes out of his pipe, re marked : 4 T(p about time we had some news.' 4 He's maybe a bit late.' 4 Sure he can't be much later, for he would never cross the bog after dark.' -aere'? an hour's daylight yet, and more,' said O'Neill. 4 Still, the report waB that he would leave C at 3. 'Tis but a short hour s walk across the bog, and now it's past 6\. Suppose we walk along the road a bit ? There's nobody will think anything of it, for none of them went this way. Doyle nodded assent, and the two Bibandmen (for such they were) started, slowly at first, but, as if by mutual agree ment, no sooner was the last house out of eighty than their pace materially quickened, ad in considerably less than an hoar they reached the copse and stood close to the drain, gazing across the dreary expanse of bog. Not a living thing was to be seen, the hoarse croak of a raven sailing slowly over head was the only sound which met their ears, except the sighing of the breeze amongst the trees. Stealthily they peered into the deep black drain as if expecting to find some tidings there, then in a low voice O'Neill said, nodding towards the copse as he spoke : 4 They can't be waiting there still.' 4 Divil a bit,' replied Doyle, 4 Jem would have seen us pass and given the signal.' 4 1 can't make it out at all at all,' rejoined the other ; 4 we had better get back. I am 'afraid things have gone wrong somehow. Jem or Connor must he back by this time.' And, breaking in their eagerness and anxiety into a trot, the two worthies soon regained the village, but to receive no tidings. Neither Reynolds nor Connor had mad8 his appearance ; on the other hand, nothing had been heard of Richard Butler, whose wife sent down into the village, from which their house was half a mile distant, to ask if he had been seen there. To O'Neill and Doyle the mystery was in explicable. That Butler had left C as he had arranged, they learned from the driver of the mail-cart, which in its rather roundabout course reached the village at eight o'clock that evening. The man had wished him good-afternoon and seen him turn off the high road towards the bog, yet he seemed to have utterly disappeared; moreover, a messenger despatched daring the night to G returned with the news that Horan had not made his appearance there, so that not only Butler but Reynolds and both of his comrades remained unaccounted for.- -AU the Year Bound . " (t« be okd.tjdhb rs otte sext.) 