CATHOLIC YOUNG MEN'S SOCIETY' ? '? — ♦ ? A meeting of the above society was held in the schoolroom of S.S. Peter and Paul, on Wednesday, November 15, when the following paper was read by the Very Rev. Prior Kelly (President of the Society). There was a very good atten dance : — Gentlemen, — I think the most suitable subject. which I could have selected for my address to you this evening is the 'Aim of the Catholic Church.' The aim of this church has always presented itself to my mind as particularly suited to an opening address for any Christian combination or ociety, for as a matter of history this church 'saw the commencement of all the governments and of all the ecclesiastical establishments that now exist in the world,' and who is here who does not feel a strong assurance that she will also see the end of them all ? Before I state what I conceive the end of the Catholic Church to be I wish to say my object is not to examine the divine origin of the church — its wonder- : ful propagation— its perfect one-ness, its notes or characters of unity, holiness, catholicity and apostolicity, nor even directly to set forth proofs of its dogmatic teaching, nor again the wonderful succession of its rulers, vicars of Christ, from Peter to Leo, nor even to be the apologist for scandals, which no Catholic in fairness can deny have been committed by many of her wicked children, who have forgotten themselves and their God, and who, like a Judas among the apostles, or a Nicholas among the deacons, have brought reproach and shame to their mother, and stained her fair name with instances of cruelty and oppression, wanton ness and profligacy, hypocrisy and unfaith fulness; nor is it my intention either to show that^if 'the Catholic Church ' as a Frotes tant writer confesses — 'had done nothing more than to preserve for us by painful solicitude and unrewarded toil, the precepts and intellectual treasures of Greece and Home, she would have been entitled to our everlasting gratitude.' Gentlemen, my object this evening is to examine the aim of the church, as a great agent and mighty power of civilization, no mere subjective, but an objective reality, which no reason able man can ignore, how strong soever be the right of private judgment, which he claims for himself. The aim of this church is the salvation of each individual soul, She looks at the souls for which Christ died, and who are made over to her, and her one object, for which everything is sacrificed, appearances, reputation, wordly triumph, is to acquit herse f well of this most awful responsibility. To give the words of a great writer, whom a recent critic has described as a 'man in the working of whose indi vidual mind the intelligent portfop of the Eng'ish public is more interested than in that of any other living person.' ''Actions,' he says, 'in her sighttare not mere outward deeds and words committed by hand or tongue, bnt they are the thoughts, the desires, the purposes of the solitary re sponsible spirit; good and evil to her are are not mere lights and shades passing over the face of society, they are living powers springing from the depths of the human heart. She knows no evil but sin, amd sin is something personal, conscious, voluntary. She knows no good but grape, an4 grape again is something personal, private, lodged iD the soul of the individual. She has one aim, and one aim only, to purify the heart, she recollects who it is who has turned our thoughts from the external crime to tne inward imagination, who said, that unless our*ju3tice abounded more than that of the Seribes and Pharisees we should not enter into the kingdom of heaven, and that out of the heart proceed evil thoughts, murders, adulteries, fornica tion^, thefts, false testimonies, blasphemies These are the things 'that defile a man.' The one great idea pf the phnrch is to combat sin, sin that is the enemy of the soul, and it is the teaching of the' church that sin consists not in overt acts ; but in thoughts of the heart. What means does the church use in order to attain her end? the sanctification of each individual §oul j She aims at three special virtues as recon ciling and uniting the soul to its maker ; faith, purity, and charity, for two of which the world cares little or nothing. The world on the one hand puts in the foremost place in some states of society, certain heroic qualities, in others, certain virtues of a polities! or mercantile character. The aim of the worid and the' 'aim of the church are totally different. The world regards that alone as evil -whatever opposes it ; whatever obscures its majesty ; what ever disturbs its peace. Its summuni bonum, its supreme good is tranquility, popular con tentment, plenty, . prosperity, advance in science and arts, literature, refinement, ?PJ?ad°F» It regards the men who compose it, not as beings pomnlete in themselves, possessing individuality, but' pnlyag pnits which compose it and are parts of it. Beings who have no perfection jn themselves and whose end alone is the glorification of the world. It knows nothing of conscience — its laws are penal— nothing of hell, in which it disbelieves, nothing of the devil, whose existence it denies. Gentlemen, the church moves in quite an opposite direction ; it con templates not the whole but the parts ; not a nation, bnt $he njen who form it ; not the society ih the first place, but in the second place-; it pontejnplates in the first place in dividuals ; it looks beyond the 'outward act TT-on apd 'into the thought, the motive, the intention, and the will. The mighty world wide pburch, like h-r Efivine founder, re gards ^consults for| l^bprjs io'r the individual soul. It is patent that the ?jyoflcl and the world's end cannot save man. It never claimed such honor — such is not its aim. The church alone— the Catholic Church — can save society. I say the Catholic Church advisedly. For what logical alternative is there between that church and scepticism ? Turn away from it and where will you go ? Unlearn Catholicism, and you become Pro testant, Unitarian, Deist, Pantheist, Sceptic, in a dreadful but infallible succession— only not infallible by some accident of your posi tion—if you dismiss the subject of religion from your mind, deny yourself of your reason, devote your thoughts to other pursuits, and dissipate them in the en- gagements of the world. Let these who are not Catholics be charitable and kind, enjoy themselves, and, if they can, be happy, but let them eschew religious en quiry, if they will not have faith, nor iope they can have faith to join the church. The impotency and impossibility of the teachings of the world to save mankind is plain to the most casual observer. If we analyse society and consider it from an in: tellectual point of view, or from a 'moral standpoint, or even politically, we will be forced to confess that society cannot save itself. Human reason having torn away from faith in God's Revelation. The source of all our supernatural knowledge that revealed truth, which can never be at variance with scientific knowledge — a truth known by human reason — has, I say, run recklessly to its own doom. Oh, strange results of free- thought! In this enlightened age one of set of philosophers believing in Spiritualism, and making ghosts the pith and substance of their philosophy. Another set denying altogether the existence of spirit and immaterial substance, and endowing with omnipotence matter. Morally what has society done for mankind ; noth ing for his supernatural end — much to render hard and intolerable his mere natural exist ence; it has produced an amount of social evil, of which I am ashamed to speak, it has undermined the very foundations of domestic peace and happiness; it has ren dered legal divorce. The church has always held that the tie of matrimony is indis soluble. It has allowed separations it is trne, for grave reasons, but it holds that no earthly power can dissolve the marriage con summated between man and wife. But now when a woman marries what proof has she that] the man will remain her hus band ? may not calumny blight her character, and some base unfounded accusations blast her hopes. How easily is a pure woman's good name tainted and destroyed by slander! Viewing society politically, what do we see? We see revolt from the teaching of St. Paul that 'all power from God;' we see injustice and oppression in rulers — we see a spirit of rebellion against just governments — we see venality, demoraliza tion in all departments of the state — we see no power recognised which appeals with equal force to him who sits upon the throne, or to them who obey his rule, no power wielded not only over the subject but also over the monarch. An ungrateful age is this in which We live, an age forgetful of all it owes to the Catholic Church, forgetful that it was by its ' influence potent, as its truth is strong ' that were established those civil and municipal rights which have formed the basis of our modern civilization. I am sure all 'reasonable men; who seriously examine these few points which I have set before you will freely confess that society seperate from the Church has destroyed itself. If the Church is to save society it must heal it in its source, it must heal it by imparting a Christian and a Catholic educa tion to the youth, we must go to the fountain head — to the spring — if we will heal the water of a flowing stream, so that t.liprp^naTr hf- nn mnro -3»nf.ti anrl hi+.fprnpss in them, and if we will produce a lasting and sacred union in: matrimony, we -must make the young respect and esteem the purity and sanctity of the matrimonial contract. No 'civilization has the key to the human ? heart ; there is no power on the face of the earth, which can touch the inward life of man, and therefore the reason and the will, but only the knowledge of God and of our Lord Jesus Christ. Legislation cannot do -this ; science cannot j no, nor literature, nor civilization. As men know God they |are lifted up ,and elevated. It was Chris tianity which brought civilization into the ?world — not civilization, wbich brought Christianity. In the Catholic Church we Jiave means perfectly adapted for itB ends. In truth, did the crowd testify of our Lord f' He did all things well.' and well did es tablish his church We must admit the action of the church upon society, however fashionable it be now-a- days to emancipate oneself from priestly jnflqence and the salutary discipline of the gospel j in faot, to break from every control of religion, saying in the heart, if we cannot with the reason, 'There is no God.' And. this with quiet, benumbed, perhaps with, tranquilized conscience, we can for'a'time ? pursue our misdeeds with hearts not So ill at ease without feeling that sting which the world's greatest dramatist painted in the hear-t V6f his sin-stained heroine— painted as a disease by which she is ' troubled with ttiick-coming fancies that keep her from rest, whipfe leaves in the memory a rooted sorrow, ' written troubles in thp brain, and charging the bosom with V perilous stufiE,11 weigh upon the heart. But the voice of conscience and the dictates ot nature-are strong. \ 'Waturam d expellas fared 'iameh usque creurrit,' and in our thoughtful moments, when excite ment cools down, when passion is expended, when reason regains her lofty throne, then we seek the comfort of i;he church, the' sweetness, of religion crying out in our hearts for the '' touch of a vanished hand and the sound of a voice that is still.' But perhaps the voice of the conscience is stilled, aud we look upon these promptings of grace 'ha false creations proceeding from the heat* oppressed brain ' and as in the physical world we often see a calm follow the storm, so a calm comes over ug, and we set our minds at rest by doing some charitable deed, endowing gome institution lor the good of our kind; and thus persuade ourselves that we have done as much as is required, and so we go on througn life, and at length pass away ut conirva sabur, not with much regret for the world we leave, but with grave cmiiety anaaismai loreooaings with, regard to 'the- life ^- £o-ne.' # Gentlemen;' why* pursue further this moralizing trajn qf thought? . Do we not all feel that we cannot get on without the church ; that society without her cannot fce sayed. And if . tliis, be true; .„ as -,it is, I am' sure you will; not blame, fpr putting jbef ore you at so early a meeting of bur society the aim of the Catholic church, or its influence upon society. *The lecture was heartily appreciated by all present. At the conclusion a hearty vote of thanks was passed tp. thp leqt\ir§r:. Wm&oyrjkx;'B Ointment asp 'Eats..— 'A JoifSflbeceisesi Pilee.FiBtnlas, ftnilSores Tasnuy wtiBfactpry cures resulting from the ws» of tnU': wvataftble Ointment in ^A^fMfc^TB/jw|ijBntfl h&Vfi; , been, suffering ^HMrtheM«oinpUint«, have iuduced many 4^cd practitioners to ibtrdduce tihem into tk«fc«spit»foaAdVj&e;^ft^a^ practice; ana' ukmuny ibstance* -.tiiiipe.-i&e; tafia*i;_TW uequalled for &e; Jure of scafotifla and dis *-tesef the skin. In iticutail&& affections aetdeBtftl $P children, from the simple red |ttm -to th« bompiicated scorbutic .diseases Holl«ir»y'«Ointment exercises .a remarkably beneficial influence, coeling inflamation, re lieving irritation* awl giving ease to the patient little ratero.. ^|CAEP.^TTOtJHi WHO ABK BUFFERING ntok tbm errors and indiscretions of youtn nery&w; weakness, esrly decay, loss of manl haiiiti'Ac./ I will tend a recipe that tril cunyon.FRES OF CHARGE. This great remedy iras -discovered by a missionary in South America. . Send a self-addressed envelope and sixpence to prepay portage to the'BSr.' Joseph T. Ikmaw, Station D, New York City, U.S.A. -, Wkston's Wxzabp Oil. — In this wonder ful Medicine, the discoverer believes he had combined in harmony . more, of Nature'ss sovereign curative properties -which God has instilled into the vegetable kingdom for heal ing .the Sick than, are to be found in any other, remedy. It cores all diseases of the throat, . lnnea, LIVER and BLOOD; renovates ana invigorates the whole system. Its' medical properties are alterative, tonic, solvent (and diuretic. FRANK WESTON. 8«U PBOntlETOB. KIEKER, GREEK & CO. 'S Distilleries. BELFAST AND GLASGOW. Whiskies— Famous Shamrock, and Loch Dhu. Agent for Horthern Districts — John Mitchell & Co. Gawlee. , crAWMBim 1 onthly larket Barker % Chambers Will hold a MONTHLY SALE OF FAT AND STORE STOCK, HORSES, &c;, « A w'l. K « , COMMENCING TUESDAY, AUGUST 15. ,'* And thereafter every Third Thursday IK THE MONTfi Entries -will be received at the Office in Munay-fltreet, Gawler, or Sturt Baeaar, Adelaide. Early particulars are requested for Advertising. _ ? - - Liberal terms and immediate settlements. M. J. STAPLETON, PRACTICAL BOOTMAKER, Murray Street, Gawler, BEGS to inform his Customers and the Publicthat he is now selling all sorts of English, French, German, and Colonial Boots and Shoes at extremely low prices, Not to be Beaten. Men's E.S., colonial made - - - 8s. 9d Men's Oxford Shoes, colonial made 8s. 6d. Men's Bluchers, colonial made - - 7s. 9d. Boys' E.S., colonial made - - -8s. 9d. 'Women's E.S., colonial made - - 8s. 6d. Children's Lace, Copper toes, Col onial made, from - - - - - 2s. 6d. Children's E.S., Copper toes, Col onial made, from - - - - - 3s. 6d. All sorts of Ladies' and Gents' Boots and Shoes made to order at Reduced Prices. A good fit, workmanship, and material guaranteed. sf9' Note the address — M. J. STAPLETONj Murray-Street, Gawler. . Gawler Arms, GAWLER. H.IW.8UCKER FIELD PROPRIETORS. ACCOMMODATION UNEQUALLED. LOFTY AND AIRY BEDROOMS. COMMERICAL & PRIVATE SITTING BOOMS. Excellent Stabling and Stockyards. Only Best Brands of Liquors kept on Hand. FRASER'S Marble Works, FRANKLIN STREET Fibst Corner West of Post-Owice). MAGNIFICENT ASSORTMENT OF MARBLE MANTLEPIECES, Italian made. MARBLE MANTLEPIECES Colonial made ENAMELLED MANTLEPIECES, English. ENAMELLEDMANTLEPIECES American HARLESTON PATENT REGISTER STOVES POLISHED FRONT REGISTER STOVES BERLIN BLACK REGISTER STOVES. COMMON REGISTER STOVES. LEAMINGTON KITCHENER'S OVEN * AND BOILER. LEAMINGTON KITCHENER'S DOUBLE OVEN. Upwards of One Hundred Mantlepieces, fixed in position, to select from. The RICHEST DISPLAY of MONU MENTS and MEMORIAL TABLETS in *»y of the Colonies always in Stock, Country orders promptly attended to. Agent for Gawler — Mk. F. FOWLER, Undertaker, Next Bunyip Office, Gawler. i Wheat Sought at market \ PSlCK, Bags Lent. Flour, Bran, ind Poelabd Always ok Hand. ?'_ ? R. EDWARDS, WaaleyA. HOP SITTERS » 0 OTOP BITTERS. #5© Reward. CfOP BITTERS. Will be paid for the MIL detection and convic HOP BITTERS. *?*» oi anv V?**°* Belling or dealing in ?-? ap ?RTTTTOn«J My bogus, counter || OP BITTERS. feifc ofimitaXioa oi CJOP SITTERS, pecially Bitters or '^'u- ...J.^ll.tl... preparations with the HOP BITTERS. woi5 Hop or Honm their name, or connect Hrva tjt»iwpt? dq *'* th«ewilh, that is In OP BITTERS, tended to mislead and cbeat the public, or fur HoPBriTERs. 5SL5SSWSS be the same as HOP Ijopbittees. gpBjw-jsare « ™«, GKEKN HOeS, notice HOP BITTERS, this, printed on the white label, and are the Ttxop bitters. 5EE£S&553ESf XI for Kidney, Liver, and V^nn nrivrDVQ Nervous Diseases. Be CI OP BITTERS. ware of aU others and S-JL of all pretended forma HnP 'HFPTITPS las --r redpes of HOP Ur !SllliS.JtS. BITTKRs published in papers or for sale, as JJOP BITTERS. ?gj^g5Srigj HOPBITTFRS. |»lIBlii°tI HOP BITTERS. ?SgBSStflBg- IX NO DISKASK or ILL HOP BITTERS. 3£S£T'?a-r HOP BITTERS HOP BITTERS. -g^gg-^ Sons, HOP BITTEBS. lf y°u h»Te »«'»-ea, va* .* J'''~ irantof appetite, flatu ? __^,^.^ lency. dizzineBa, and, HOP BITTERS. feverish8TmptoiM,vou, are suffering from costi HOP BITTERS. SSb^S'JE Core. HOP BITTERS. lATSjSUfi a doll pain in the ri ht HOP UTTTERS 8iae« exteuding1 to the ur i-i± xis.i&o.; 8houlder blade and pH of the stock, a tender HOP BITTESS- ness over the region of theliver.auduometimes H^^ ...'..,....-. an enlargement of this OP BITTEBS. organ.a sense of tight nets and uneasiness in Had ?nTTTinm theneiehborhoodof the Ur JJJ.ll.BJiQ. stomach, and liver yellowishnesB of the eye HnP TtrmCRS bowels irregular, gener UJf JJli- 1 JiitO. jjjy ^ieposld to TooBe ness, a backing: or dry |JOP BITTERS. aS«| HOP BITTERS. ^uecoated^rtiUe?* disagreeable taste ihth* Hnp nrrrnrps »outh, low spirits, OP UllfJiilio. blotches on the face and neck, palpitation of Hnn ht»PT1PT3-5 *b.P heart, disturbed OP BlTltilib. 8l^Pib.eartbuni,di6in dination to exertion, it yon have any of TTOP BITTERS. ^^T670^ JOL xlver C«mplatn* And HOP BITTEES will cure yon. CUBAHSE, P0MJJT, AND ENBICH THE BiOOD WITH Hop Bitters And you will have no sickneBsor suffering or doctors' bills to pay. To be obtaitied of aU Chemists and Jhvggids. None genuine except cases Marked — ' Rochester, N.Y.jfor *' Anvers Belg. MONTEEIOBE METCALFE, & CO., 66, PITr-STEEET, SYDNEY, N.S.W General Agents for Australasia and New Zealand. TO INVALIDS WHO HAVE GIVEN UP ALL HOPE. FRENCH DISCOVERY. NEW INVENTION. The Greatest Discovery of Modern Science Magnetic Appliances. For the Cure of Disease npHESE appliances are made ; waar JL outside th» under garment next the skin are light, can be worn without 'detec- tion cause no discomfort whatever. Re qxuca no trouble, and retain their power months. They generate a mild continuous current of magnetism which is diffused every where right throughout the system. The beneficial effects produced on the general health is truly astonishing by having a direct stimulating action on the nervous system. Digestion is improved. The bowels become more regular ; the liver is roused from its torpid condition; the blood as a natural consequence becomes purified, the mind more cheerful, in fact, the whole system is restored to a strong and healthy condition. To the intelligent it is well known that Magnetism is an element in Life, and life cannot be sus tained without it. When we are deficient of magnetism we are sick. When the magnetic forces entirely leave the body we die. These magnetic appliances may be said to be almost infallible cure for nervous debility, nervous exhaas riob, indigestion, liver complaints, sleepless ness, lowness of spirits, weakness of the body, loss of power, rheumatism and paralysis Price 63s. (liberal allowance to Chemists). Can be forwarded, neatly packed to all parts of the Colonies in perfect safety. F. M ON FORD, (Sole Agent for the Colonies), Magnetic Establishment, 85, Clarendon Street, Emerald Hill, Meltourne. In sending orders, enclose Post-office Order and state the case. GBA.TEFUL— COMFORTitf e. Ml? JPS'S COCOA. (Breakfast) ' By a thorough knowledge of the natural laws which govern the operations of di gestion and nutrition, and by a careful application of the fine properties oj well selected cocoa, Mr. Epps has provided our breakfast tables with a delicately flavored beverage which may save us many heavy doctors' bills. It is by the judicious use of such articles of diet, that a con stitution may be gradually built up until strong enough to resist every tendency to disease. Hundreds of subtle maladies are floating around us, ready to attack wherever there is a weak point. We may escape many a fatal shaft by keeping ourselves well fortified with pure blood and a properly nourished frame' : — The Civil Service Gazette. Made simply with Boiling Water or Milk, Sold only in packets or tins labelled JAMES EPPS & CO., HOM-EOPATHIC CHEMISTS. LONDON. Also Epp's Chocolate Essence for After noon Use. rpHE PURE JUICE OF THE GRAPE. FORT SHERRY HOCK CLARET South Australian United Vineyards Association. Impjebial Cellars — KING WILLIAM-STREET, Adelaide. C. LOWE and W1LDINC, Sent in an Envelope for 6d. Stamps to defray postage. Social Science, A Treatise on all Nervous Disorders which cause impediments to Marriage, and all Chronic Diseases ; also, How to Choose a Partner for Life, ao^ as to live happy and produce healthy children, and how to regain and preserve your health, &c;, &c; Address — R. T. SELB5T, Medical Herbalist, Devonshire Street, Surrey Hills, Sydney. DRESSMAKING. DRESSMAKING C. H. E^OELBRECHT BEGS to INTIMATE to her FRIENDS an* the PUBLIC IN GENERAL that Having secured, the services of a Competent Dressmaker She is Prepared to execute all ORDERS entrusted to her with Promptitude. ? O— CHARGES MODERATE 0\. H, ENGELBRECH T, Dress and Mantle Maker, Draper, Mm ray-street, Gawler. larGhant's Portrait Gallery. p. jr. jh a » cTh a ar t , (LATE OF ADELAIDE) HAS PLEASURE in announcing to the INHABITANTS of GAWLER and Sur rounding Neighborhood that he has COMMENCED BUSINESS as PHOTOGRAPHER 13 MURRAY-STREET, near Bank of Adelaide. ? ' o ? Having erected a FIRST-CLASS STUDIO, and p ssessing all the LATEST APPLIANCES, combined with MANY YEARSPRACTICE, con6dently Solicit jour Patronage. SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN TO BABY PORTRAITURE, PRICES from 10a. per DOZEN. ? - o jut- door Groups, Carriasr.es, Animals, &c.;, &c;, photographed by the INSTANTANEOUS PROCESS, by appointment, on the grounds at my Private Residence, MARS HILL. ? o Portraits Copied, and Enlargements made up to LIFE SIZE. MANUFACTURER of the Adelaide Instantaneous Dry Plates. ftiitt VINEYARD WINES ^H) S. SMITH AID SOI HAVE appointed Mr. J. J. CALLAGHAN of GAWLEB, their AGEN1 for the Sale of their Celebrated PEIZE WINES amongst which will be found the Choice CONSTANTIA PRIZE WINtS i OLD PORT AND SHERRY FRONTIGNAC | VERDEILLHO, &c;, &c.; y£e4&B;|fE9ML*fip§f^L These Wines have taken medals at Paris, Sydney, Mel ^/pB3gi|||££^ bourne, Adelaide, and GOLD MEDAL at BORDEAUX C. J ^SffijarSgB^jl They can be had by Case, Gallon, or Bottle, ^^,j-«iffiuffiBS«§|j§r Harvest Wines Cheap and Good. J. 3. CAJLX-AOHAHf. Gawlei Hardy's Adelaide Wines, i, i ? -O' To My Retail Customers. A LL my WELL-KNOWN ADELAIDE WINES, and those of MESSBS O. SALTER & SON, of ANGASTON, may be procured at my Usual Prices from Messrs. J. ft J. WILCOX, Murray- Street, ftawler Whom I hare appointed my SOLE AG05NTS for GAWLER and SUBURBS. THOMAS HARDY, Adelaide Wine Cellars, Currie-street, Adelaide. m- AMERICAN J^ WALTHAM WATCHES. WATCHMAKER, GAWLER. HAVING justreoeived direct from th& Manufactory a parcel of the above named Celebrated Watches would call the attention of those requiring a Good Time keeper not to miss this opportunity c£ obtaining one. The Watches are guaranteed for Three Years, and for correct time and quality not to be surpassed. O. L. would also call attention to hi* superior stock of Gold and Silver Jewellery' of every description, it being the largest and best assortment to choose from out of Adelaide. Orders by post or otherwise promptly attended to. ^&~ Note the Address — OPPOSITE GAWLER ARMS* MUKRAY-SfEEEr BREAD *9s||ii|||^ Pastry Cool Bisauit Baker ^- -JkB^= Confectioner IMPORTANT NOTICE* James Gullan BEGS to inform his Friends and th« Put 'lie generally, that he will shortly commence business as a Bread and Biscuii Baker PasiT Cook and Confectioner, ii the New Prei nises now *n course of erec fcion in Murr. iy-street, directly opposite the Exchange Hotel, and hopes bj civility, strict attention to business ant moderate charg es» *» merit a share oj their patronage. WEDDING CAKEfc *, TEA BREAD, ! HOT ROJjLiA every Morning SCOTC EL PIES, for Lunch DAILY DV'LIYERI» ? KI.UBIL.INifi!— For the Teeth and Beatb.-A. j lew drops of the liquid 'Floriline' sprinkled on a wet tooth-brush produces a pleasant lather, will thoroughly cleaniet the teeth from all parssites or impurities, hardens the tftuav, prevents tartar, stop* decay, gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly- whiteness and s delightful fragrauce to the.breatb. It remorea aU unpleasant odour arising from decayed teeth or tobacco smoke. 'The Fragrant Florilinc,' being composed in part ot Honey and sweet herbs. Is deli-, eious to tbe taste, and the greatest discoTery of the age. Friee 2«. 6d. of aU Chemists and JPertumerBt Wholesale Depot removed to 33. Karringdon Boad London ? : ? aCaahMd aid *lte 'Vlgrour ?rY*«fc, Jft«stored In four Weeks, DR. BIUOKO6' KSSifiNC*; ot HFJfi restores Kan hood totho mot t shattered and debilitated con stitution froin.wiiatever cause arising. Failure is im possible 4f taken according the printed directions which are very simple, ana require no restraint o hindrance from business. This invaluable restorer affords reliet and permanently cures all who suffer trom wasting and withering of the Nerrous and Muscular Tissues, Spermatorrhoea, and all Urinary deposits which cause incapacity and degeneracy, total and partial prostration, and every other exhaustive derangement ot the system, regenerating aU the im. portant elements of the human frame, and enaohng man to fulfil his most sacred obligations. In Cases at l2s., or Four Quantities in onefor3«s..; by Coach 2s. «d, extra. A.s;e*t -?' South Australia L. DAVIS & Co., UODGifiK-STttKKX, ADEI.A.IDK (OFVOBITE CESTEA.I. XA&KBT;, May be obtained trom most chemists. Parcels packed securely and free irom observation sent to any part ot South Australia on receipt of a Tost-Office Order or Stamps. , — . ? Ikrmt ▲ffectlosus and JBtoarseaess.— It suffering fiom irritation of the throat and hoareness will be agreeably surprised at the most immediate relief afforded by the use ot ' Brown's Jtroncuia Troches.' These famous ' Lozenges ' are now sold by most respectable chemists in this country at is lgd per box. .People troubled with a ' hacking cough,' a 'slight cold,' or bronchial affections, can- not try them too soon, as similar troubles if allowedto progress, result in serious Pulmonary and Attismatic adectlons. See that the words ?* Brown's Bronchial l'roches ' are on the Government Stamp around each box,— .Prepared by John I. Brown & tionu, Boston, U.S. Kuropean Depot removed to 33, Farringdon Uoad, London. Advice t*- Jftatkers !— Are you broken In your rest by a sick child sunering with the pain of cutting teeth ? Go at once to a chemist and get a bottle oi airs. vViNskow's Soothing Stop. I* will relieve the poor cofferer immediately. It is perfectly harmless and pleasant to taste, it produces natural, quiet sleep, qy relieving the child from pain, and the little cherub wakes * as bright as a button.' It soothes the child softens the gums, allays all pain, relieves wind regulates the bowels, and is the best known remedy for dysentery and Diarrhoea, whether arising fromteet&tng; or other causes. Airs. Winslow's soothing Syrup is to oenad of Medicine dealers everywhere at is. l£d per bottle. ' Lives of great men all remind us* We can maKe our lives sublime ; And, departing, leave behind us Footprints on the sands of time.' Th.fi above is read with great interest by thousands of young men. It inspires them with Hope, lor in the bright lexicon of youth there is no such word asi tail* Ai*8 * aa7 many, this is correct,— is true w th regard to the youth who has never abused his strength— and to the man who has sot beea * 'passions slave.' But to that youth— to that man, who has wasted his vigor, who has yielded himself up to the tempor ary sweet allurements of |Viee, who has given unbridled license to hU passiens, to him the above lines are but as a reproach. What Hqpx can he have? What aspirations 1 What chance of leaving hie footprints n the sands of time ? *'or him alas ! there is nought but .dark despair and self-reproach for a lost life. For a man to leave his footprints on the sands ol time, he must be endowed with a strong brain and nervous power. He must possess a sound, vigorous healthy mind, in a healthy body— the power to con ceive— the energy to execute ! uut look at our Aus traliaa youth! bee the emaciated form, the vacant iook.tbelistless hesitating manner, the nervous dis trust, the senseless, almost idiotic expression. Note his demeanour and conversation and then say, Is this a man to leave his footprints on tlie sands of time Do parents, medical men and educators of youth pay sufficient attention to this subject 1 Do they crer ascertain tbe cause of this decay; and having done so, do they (as a strict sense of duty demanded seek the skilled adviceuf the medical man, who has made this branch ot his profession his particular speciality whose life has been devoted to the treatment of thete cases. Beader, what is your answer I Let each one auswer for himself. .Parents see their progeny fading gradually before their sight, see them become emaciated old young men, broken down in health, en feebled, unfitted tor the battle of life; yet one would might save them, ©ne sound and vigorous healthgiv ing letter from a medical man, habituated to the treat ment and continuous supervision of such castes, would,in|in9st instances, succeed in warding off tbe the impending doom of .a miserable and gloomy fut ure, and by appropriate treatment restore the ener vated system to its natural vigor, and eiiBure a ioyous and happy life. Dr. L. L. SMITH, of Melbourne, has made the disases of youth and those arising therefrom his peculiar study. -His whole prof essioual life has been especially devoted to the treatment ef Nervous Affections and the Diseases incidental to Married Life. His skill is available to all — no matter how many hundreds or thousands of miles distant. His system of correspondence by letter is now so well organised and known, that com ment would be superfluous — (by this means many thousands of patients have been cured, whom he has never seen and never known)s; and it is car ried on with such judicious upervision that though he has been practising this branch of his profession for twenty-six ygarg in these colonies no single instance of accidental discovery has ever yet happened. When Medicines are re» quired, these are forwarded in the same careful manner without a possibility of the contents of the parcels being discovered. Plain and clear directions accompany these latter, and a cure is effected without even the physician knowing who » is his patient. To Men and Women with Brokendown Con stitutions, the Nervous, the Debilitated, and ' all suffering from any Disease whatever, Dr. L. L. SMITH'S plan of treatment commends itself avoiding, as it does, the inconvenience and ez pense of a personal visit. : Address— DR. L. L. SMITH, 182, Collins Street East, MELBOURNE. (Late the Residence of the Governor.) Consultation Fee by Letter, £1 One S«x «T Clarke's B 41 Pills ? IS WABKAJSTED TO CUBE ALL DISCHARGES from the URINARY ORGANS, in either sex, acquired or constitu tional, Gravel, and pains in the Back. Sold in Boxes 48. Gd each by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors. Proprietors- THE LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DftUG COMPANY, LINCOLN ft ENGLAND. Snort Asrents. Burgoyne, Burbidges & Co. Coleman Street London INewbery & Sons, 37 Newgate Street, Londsn Barclay & Sons, 35, Farringdon street, London ganger & Sons, Oxford street, London. And aU the Landou Wholesale Houses. , Adelaide A^cai. A,M BickfordaudSon8, Wholesale Druggists ind importers, Adelaide and Kadina, Sonth Australia Faulding and Co., Wholesale Druggists. Melbourne Afeati Bocke, Tompsitt and Co. Hemmons and Co., Wholesale Druggists Fitch and French «ydney JLsrent*. Elliott BrothersandCo. , Wholesale Druggist Kd. Kow and Go . Brisbaste Affentt Berkley and Taylor, Wholesale Druggists KUioltBro. and Co., Wholesale Druggists \- Wevr Zealand Afesti. tLeempthorne, Presser, and Co., Wholesale ' O uggists, Dunedin. Auckland, and Christchurch Ii 1 ' Valuable Discovery for tbe Hair. , ^If your hair is turning grey or white, or fall - ?? Ing off, use ' The Mexican Hair Benewer,' for 7 it positively restore in every ease Grey or I White to its original color without leaving I the nasty smell ojmost' Restorers.' It makes the aau-charmingly Deautiful, as well as promoting the grownh of the hair in bald »pots, where the glands are not decayed ; atk your Chemist for ' THE MKX1CAN HAIK NJfi WEK,' «old by Chemists and Perfumers where at 3a. 6d. per Bottle. Wholesale Depot removedto 33, Farring- . don Boad, London. * ?OK THE BLOOD IS THE LIFE v WORLD FAMED The Great Blood Purifier and Restorer las the Largest Sale of any Medicine in the World. Overwhelming Testimony ACCOMPANIES EVEBY BOTTLE, Xhns proving this to be CHE GREATEST MEDICINE EVER DISCOVERED. For sieansing and clearing the blood from al impurities, it cannot bs too highly recomended ForSeorfula, Sentry Skin and Blood diseases ind sores .oi all kinds it is a never tailing and permanent cure. It cares old Sores. Cares Ulcerated sores on the Neck. Cures Ulcerated sore lags. Cures Blackheads, or fimpUson the face. Cures Scurvy sores. Cures Cancerous Ulcers. Cores Blood and akin Diseases. Cures Glandular swellings, Clears the Blood irom all impure matte,. From whatever cause arising. as this mixture is pleasant to the taste, and warranted free from anything injurious to the most delicate constitution ot either sex. the proprietors solicit sufferers to give it a trial to test its value. Thousands of Testimonials from all parts. Beau the Following — North-street, Andershatv (near Manchester). January 10, 1881, It affords me great great pleasure to add my testimony to the wonderful effects ot your Blood -flixture, which has cured me of a very bad ulcerated toot «nd ankle. I had four wounds which preuented me following my oc cupation for four year*, during which time I have Deen in live different intirmarien and under fifteen different doctors. 1 was at last iuduced to try your Blood Mixture, and after taking three small bottle* X was able to go to worn and by the tfme I had taken nine or ten bottle, 1 was completely «ured. Make whatever use you like ot this, for the benefit of other sufferer JOHN WILLIAMS. gold in Bottles 2s 6d each, and in cases . con taining six times the quantity. Us. each, sufficient to effect a permanent cure in the great maioi ity oi long- standing cases, by all Chemists and fatent Medicine Vendors throughout the world, or the Proprietors, Ths Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug Company, Lincoln, England. (Trade Mark—' Blood Mixture.') nUIMACLT AND COS. VJT PHARMACEUTICAL CHEMIST Pabis: Rue Vivibkme, 8, Paris. diseaess of the chest. gbimault & co's sybup ov hypothos phite of lime. Persons suffering trom Catarrh, Phthisis, Colds or obstinate Coughs, and generally those afflicted with diseases ot the cheat, bronchia or lungs should use GROf A.ULT & JO.'S SYKUl* OF HYPOPHOSITJfi OF LI41K, which, prescribed for years past by tbe medical meuofall countries, has invariably effected wonderful cures. By tbe use of this Syrup the cough is calmed, nocturnal sweats disappear and the appetite rapidly improves— a tact soon demonstrated by an increase of weight and improved appearance. GBniAULT & CO.'S MATIC0 CAPSULES AND INJECTION. Renowned Physicians prescribe GRIMAULT'S JIATICO as the most active and at the same time the most inoffensive remedy in the treatment of Acute and Chbonic Diseases. It has not, like Copaiba, the inconvenience of giving Nauseas The Injection is UBed in the recent, and th* Capsules in,the more chronic cases. dusart's syrup of lactophosphate of LIKE, This preparation enriches thcblosd, strengthens the bones and improves ail the vital energies. Phosphate ot Lime is the substance most necessary to life, indispensable for the formaiiou and nutriment of the bony a, stem as tor the trans formation of food into muscular fibre. Without it the body wastes away, and it is to supply the lack of the laetupaosphate of lime that Uusart'a Syrup is so useful, and it is of inestimable benefit for Feeble Scbjects, Oonvai,e8cenes, --*.» People, and Uickettt Children, wuo hnd in it the Calcareous Element edtering- into the bones, Well adapted to Ladies in the Fami, y.wat, Wet Mdkses (whose milk it enriches) and to stop Children's Diabrihea.. ASTHMA ! ASTHMA ! GBIMAULT & CO.'S INDIAN CIGABETTES. Aithma, flfervou* CouylM, Chronic M**Tyn#ttta, JEmtneaeas, .Less of Voice JFttcial H*eswalx£i», and jlnsomsUw are rapidly relieved by nsing these Cigarettes. sick headache! neubalgia! gbimault & co.'s guabana. A single powderof this vegetable production is sufficient to cure instantly the most Violent Sick Headache. It is the most valuable reme dy against Diarrhoea, Dysentery, and all disorders proceeding from derangement of the Stomach or Bowels. Adelaide Agents — Messrs. FALK & Co. Messrs. FAULDING & Co, BEATING'S POWDER. KEATINfl'S PUWDEH. KEATINGr'S POWDER. £EA.TITO'S POWDER. KILLS BUGS, FLEAS, MOTHS, BEETLES, THIS POWDER is quite HARM! LESS fo ANIMAL LIFE, but is rivalled in destroying Fleas, Bugs, Cock roaches, Beetles, Moths in furs, and every other species of Insect. Sportsmen will find, this invaluable fqr destroying fleas? in their dogs, as also Ladies for their pet dogs. THIS ARTICLE hm found so Great a SALE that it has tempted others to vend a so-called article in imita tion. The PUBLIC are CAUTIONED that the tins of the genuine Powder bear the autograph of THOMAS KEATING. Sold in Tins Only. KEATING'S WORM TABLETS. KEATING'S 'WORM TABLETS. KEATINGhS WORM TABLETS. KEATING'S WORM TABLETS KEATING'S WORM TABLETS, A PURELY VEGETABLE SWEET MEAT, both in appearance and taste, furnishing a most agreeable method ol administering the only certain remedy fo INTESTINAL or THREAD W0RM& Ir is a perfectly safe and mild preparation, and is especially adapted or Children. Sold v* lisa By all Chemlsts and Druggists. Propmemr—THOMAS KEATING LONDON. BOWIE'S PENNYROYAL and STEEL PILLS FOR FEMALES quickly correct all irregularities, and relieve the distressing symptoms so prevalent with the sex. Boxes Is. l£d., and 2s. 9d., of all Chemists. Sole Proprietors — The Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug Company, Lincoln, England. Agents for Adelaide — Faulding and Co., Wholesale Druggists; A M Bickford & Son, Wholesale Druggists and importers, Adelaide and Kadina, South Australia; P. Falk & Co, Wholesale Druggists ; W. J. Storrie & Cos WholeaaUDraggiate, Impurities of tlie Blood. Until these purify Ing Mils have had a fair trial, let no ono be longer oppressed with the notion Mint liis malady is incum!-le. A few doses will rorn,)Vt- alt disordered actions, rouse ths torpid liver, relievo the o'.issructerl Milneys, cleanse int* puroMnorl, and confer on cverr function health* fal vigour. Ttiry work a thoroueh purification throughout, tho trhnlu protein, without disorder iap the natural action Of any organ. Indigestion, Bilious Com- 0 plaints, and Sick Headache. No organ in tho human body is so liable to din. order as tho liver. Ketncmber when nausea. fls» tulonry, sr acidity on the stomach warns as that digestion is wit, proceeding properly, that Hollo* -. way's Tills give strcupth to evory organ, fpwdily jf rcmovo all c;iu«--.s of indigestion, inspiMstcd bilo-'* __^H and sick headache, and effect a pexmantat con. t^^f. Weakness and Debility. In cases of deUili iy, languor, and norronsnsst. genorntcHl by execs* of any kind, whether mental or physical, ths effects of these Pills are ta th* highest degree bracing, renovating, and restora tive. They drive from, the system the morbid causes of disease, re-establish the digMtios, etrongthen. the nerTOUs system, miss tht pa. tient's spirit.!, and bring back the. Crams ts iM pristine health and Tigonr. The Kidneys— Their Derangt xnent and Cure. If tboge Pills bo used according to thtpriatsi directions, and the Ointment rubbed otst ths region of tho kidneys for at least hnlf an hour at bed-time, as salt is forced into meat, it will pSBfc. trate to the kidneys and correct any derangssMM therein. Coughs and Colds. This purifying and regulating medicine, imeflfe. gfflction with Holloway's Ointment, is tile hast jure for hoarseness, sore throats, diptheria. piss, riey, and asthma ; and an infallibls remedy fsr ^ congestion, bronchitis, and inflammation, indtst fl ob a family mudioino, they are invaluable for smb. doing such aliments of young and oM. of both sexes. KoUotcay's Pills are the best remedy known intkt world for the following disrates .-— Ague i Gout . i Secondary Asthma Hoadacbo Symptoms Bilious foot. Indigestion i Tie-Doiortnx plaints Liver Com. 1 Ulcers Bowel Com. plaints Venereal Aflse. plaints Lumbago lions Debility Tiles Worms of all Dropsy Hhcjumatism kind* Female rrrc^gu. Scrofnla. or Weakneas.frOB Unities King s Evil whatever Fevers all kinds. ?oii Throats I cauBC,£et The rills and Ointment nre poW at ProfeBBW Hiiixom-ay'* FjitabliRhmcht. HA, Oxford .street, London ; also by nearly pvery rr«!i'ct*»il» Vendor of Medicine throi'ghout tho (.?iviliscd World. Full j-r?nt,i-d dlr-utioiiB nre aflixfri to «-nch Bar air. Tot. and ran be hadin any Innpnace. 9ren WIZARD OIL; is a distinguiBhin* name, given by Frank Weston to his Medicine, which, is composed of various Vegetable Oils, Healing Gum*. Bare Balsams, Boots, Barks and Herbs, (found only on the Great Amer ican Continent,) forming the Chemical Compound universally known M 'Weston's Wizard Oil.* ThiB Medicine was first introduced, by Frank Weston, to the Australian Public in 1864, and the wonderful and mysterious influence it exhibited in stopping the most excruciating Paint, Aches and Infirmities, in a few days after its use is well known. Its mirae ulous power in rising the Bed- ridden, CrippledjKheumatic.N'euralgic.diveBt ing the system of all suffering from pain, inflammation and weakness* curing in a few days the sickness a»-l diseases of months and years giving instantaneous Case and Comfort in all ordinary pains and aoh«a,eittvar int»r« nal or external, all oranaps, ?paaxot, congestions, &o;,, is well known. ( *Weston'a WiaardOil has the power to distribute itself over every part of the body internally as well as extern ally, curing the most inveterate cases of tumors, ulcers, scrofula, diseased liver, piles, swellings, wounds, &c.;,«wj. The subtle power of the Wizard Oil has astounded the must eminent ana lyzers, and Mr, Frank Weston,is tbe inventor and Sole Possessor of this most valuable preparation. The aotive properties contained in the present composition have been tested, and ex periments made, by a number of cele brated Hospital Surgeons on patients when all other remedies have failed* 'Bunyip and Gawler Times.9 OCALE of Charges for AdTertii* **^ ments in the Bunvip;— Two Lines— One Shilling. Three Lines— One Shilling and Sixpcaes Four Lines— Two Shillings. Five Lines — Two Shillings and Sixpence, Six Lines— Three Shillings. And every additional line Fourpence. LiberalJDiscount on repeated InaertioKB. TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTIONS:— TbirteeB Shillings per Annum ; Twelve Shillings if paid in advance ; Three and Threepence per Quarter :Three Shillings if in Advance. To ApvHRTiSEEa.;Ail orders should be legikly ^ written on the face or back of Advertise* s ments ; and, where no order is givenadrer* W tisementa will be continued until counter' » mandedoroutofdate. Orders for the dii* oontinuance of Advertisements cannot bs attended to after Thursday mornings. GAWXEF.-Printed and Published by the Pro* prietor, William Baknst, at his Printing Office, Marr»y*sfeeet Gawler, South An» toalia, to whom an onmmnniostiom nd ??AisjijssjsMVJbHiiets;B)es4jrsjsjied ''? 1H7 