SPORTING NOTES. Bx "Newmarket." The veriest pessimist must have acknow ledged that the class of sport provided on Saturday last by the Victoria Amateur Turf Club was of a very high order indeed top meeting being, perhaps, the most enjoyable ever held under the auspices of the now deservedly popular V.A.T.C. The day was beautifully fine, and, eb the public were winners on the results of the different events, the utmost good humour prevailed. The contractor for the new dining-hall is pushing forward with toe work, and the building, when erected, will prove a great boon to race-goers, who, whatever the other differences of opinion they hold, are pretty uninamous as to the necessity of having a comfortable luncheon. Several aristocratic youngsters made their debut in the Sapling Stakes. The winner, like her sire Lecturer, is a grey, and, judging from the manna: she disposed of her twenty- four opponents, she evidently possessess the speedy characteristics of her sire, King of the Forest, by" King Cole from Queen of the Forest, is a useful-looking colt ; albeit I cannot compliment his owner upon the name he has given him. fionora, by Haw- thornden from Keepsake, is a moderate filly, and though she got third, it was only on sufferance, as many others in the race conld have finished in front of her had their riders, who saw pursuit of toe winner was hopeless, chosen to let them. In Miles, by First King from Phoebe, Mr. H. Fisher has a wonderfully well-furnished colt, who, in point of conformation, resembles hie famous sire, having excellent hind- quarters Another that struck me as being a remark, ably nice youngster was tbe bay colt St- L&urence;, by Glorious from Perfection, who looked every inch a racehorse. Ironclad, by Tubal Cain from Psyche, is a neat little fellow, though rather backward in condition. Miss Glorious,, by Glorious from Know- wreath, is another that was much admired, and her trainer is of opinion that if she had got away on anything like fair terms she would have extended the winner at the finish. The Hurdle Race caused some .perplexity to the onlookers, who, through the start taking place at the back of toe course, were at a loss to understand how Merry Maid had attained such a long lead; but the matter ,was put at rest when it became known that she had missed one of toe hurdles. Her rider, Saunder- son, an English boy, was brought before the stewards and disqualified for twelve months, for persevering in toe race after he had gone the wrong conrse. Rhesus ran a great horse, and the rash he made at the finish will not easily be forgotten by those who witnessed it. Tbe Amateur Challenge Cup was a chapter of accidents ; Alhambra was first to come down, and Highflyer followed suit, but Highflyer's fall was entirely due to the bad judgment of his rider, Mr. Gill, whose hunt ing experience ought to have taught him that it is always dangerous to take the same panel as another horse when both are close together. It was rather unfortunate for the gentleman who owns Edith that her rider Bhould have gone inside a post, as Bowe had the mare in excellent condition, and she was full of running at the finish. Master Cox, though only a little boy, steered Glow, light in a masterly manner, and, as his mount was toe favourite, the spectators re joiced when Edith was disqualified, and toe stakes awarded to Glowlight. Marquis was thought to have a show, but he appeared to labour greatly in heavy ground, though, had he have won, the victory would have been a popular one, as he is owned by a genuine sportsman. The experiment of running The Ghost with blinkers proved eminently successful, as he won his race with the greatest ease. One of the best races ever seen in Australia was undoubtedly toe Grand National Steeplechase, though when the real straggle commenced there was practically only one horse in the raoe, and that was the winner, Left Bower. This horse won the Hurdle Raoe and Bteej»leeha« at Warr» Bamta three years ago, sinee which time he has been kept ia obscurity, though he was entered Cor the V.B.C. Grand National Bteejfleahase, lor whioh lie was almost as good a favourite as his , stable companion, Great Weston, to whom the Ballar&t; party pinned their faith, and reserved the son of Lady Kirk for Oaulfield. How well they calculated the result has clearly shown. Chrysalis, as she ever does, ran a game little mare, bat, as I pointed cut when I reviewed the handicap, she was allotted more weight than her previous performances justified, when she was raised I01b Cor running second to Great Western. The glorious uncertainty of horseraeing was exemplified in the Amateur Flat Race, for which Flambeaa was made a' red-hot favourite, but, like the man who fell out of the balloon, he was not in it, as Don Quixote had him in trouble before they had gone one hundred yards, and won easily without really being extended. By the bye, I noticed that Mr. Bond had extended the fenoe round the tnrn into the straight, which is a great improvement, as it minimises the chances of accidents and prevents horses from running off. While on the subject of improvements, I hope the olub will not let another summer pass without de stroying the scrub in the centre of the course, as the outlook from the grand stand just now is a very barren one. The Kensington Park Baees passed off pleasantly on Monday afternoon. There was a moderate attendance, and the racing, with the exception of the Hurdle Baoe, which was a walk-over for Van Tromp, fairly good. Drumstick bad the foot of her opponents in the Galloway Handicap, and won easily, with Gleniftter'e Lenore second, and Van Tromp third. Hardiman's Lenore was made a strong favourite for the Selling Race, and the odds were never in doubt, as she won easily from Surveyor, Beauty being third. Backers were again fortunate in the Steeplechase, as the favourite, Andover, comfortably disposed of The Nut, who was second, with Liberty third. In this race Deceiver fell, mid gave his rider, Hill, a severe shaking. The Handi cap Pony Race fell to Gleniater's Lenore, Teddy and Plutas running second and third respectively. Miss Jane was made a hot favourite for the last event of the day, the Handicap Flat Race, but she bad to be content with third place only, Boatman vvussvt 4aKfiJ op IU9 BIUbU UVUi Skipper. The Victorian Trotting Club hold another meeting at their prettily- situated track at Kisternwick to-day, when, as there is every indication of a fine afternoon, there should be a numerous gathering on the track. The events on the programme to be discussed are the Maiden Trot, for all colonial-bred horses, mile beats, best two in three ; and the Three Minute Class, open to all hones having no better record than three minutes, mile heats, best three in five. Trains will run to Eleternwick, landing passengers close to the track, thus affording every facility to intending visitors. Another nice little bill of fare has emanated from the sanctum of the Victorian Trotting Club, to be run on Saturday, 23rd September. The events are a Maiden Trot, of 40 so vs., mile beats, open to all colonial- bred horses ; and a Three-minute Class, of 60 sovs., for all horses having no better record than three minntee, two-mile beats, best two m three. If time permits, a puree of 10 sovs. will be com peted for by colonial-bred maiden horses ; post entry ; two miles. With the Hawkesbury Meeting the racing eeaeon of 1882 may be said to virtually commence. Already the public have evinced a keen desire to speoulate, and the doings of the various horees .engaged at the meeting are watched with a keen interest. The events which most interest Victorian readers are tbe Guineas and Hawkesbury Handicap. The former event will be decided when this edition is published ; therefore I will confine my remarks to the Handicap, which is likely to attract a large and brilliant field, comprising some of the best horses in Australia over a mile and a half. Sweet William and Cunnamulla are the top weights, with 8st 61b each, bnt, tbe Melbourne Cup in view, I doubt if either will start. Suwarrow has enjoyed such a long spell that he is almost a new horse, and, since his arrival at Band- wick, he has done all that his most sanguine admirer could wish on the training-ground. Sting is a horse who has excellent credentials, but I think Gipsy Cooper, at the same weight, Sst, holds him safe enough. This horse carried 9st and won the Substitute Stakes at Wagga Wagga, covering the mile and a half in Orrtin tkprafnm. with a fltnna 1pm .» — — — p — — — — — — — he should be one of the hardest horses to beat. Stratheam, Harebell, Brian Bora, and Comet all appear to have favonrable chances. Kings worth is another who has shown capital public form, which, after all, is the true test cf ability, and with the light weight of 6st 101b for the race under notice, he is sure to be in the van, but I don't think I can do any better than eeleot GipBy Cooper for the winner, with Brian Born and Kings worth in the places. In excluding Harebell, Masquerade, and Stratheam, I am aware that I am dis placing some speedy ones, but Stratheam has disappointed me so often, and Harebell and Masquerade are only known to me by repute. Owners and trainers wishing to withdraw their horses from the V.A.T.C-. Great Foal Stakes and Caulfield Guineas are reminded that forfeits must be declared before 4 o'clock p.m. on Friday, 1st September, or nominators will be liable for the forfeit — 5 sovs. each. Nightshade, by Kelpie from Flora MTvor, by New Warrior from Io, by Sir Hercules from Flora MTvor, by Emigrant, etc.,. died suddenly from rapture of the heart at the farm of the Auckland Stud Company, New. Zealand. A match has been arranged for £100 a- side, between Mr. P. G. Dixon's Wanderer and Mr. F. Robins's Brown Hawk. The distance is to be four -miles, and tbe event will take place at the meeting of the Victorian Trotting Club, to be held on the 1st No vember, on the Eleternwick trotting-track. Sarsfield, whose near fore leg showed signs of giving way for some time previous, finally broke down on Saturday last, while running for the V.A.T.C. Grand National. Jellett states that he felt the leg go after crossing the first fence, and that Sarsfield ran lame for the rest of the journey, a circumstance to be regretted, aft tbe most humane thing Jellett could have done tinder such dream- stances would have been to pull the horse up. I am sorry to sky that there has been A good deal of dissatisfaction apd grumbling amongst the members of the Victorian Club in consequence of tile almost total absence of telegraphic news from Sydney in the room. As the mdhbers pay three guineas subscrip tion per annum, they consider that they have a right to expect that all matters of import ance, such as training notes, latest betting, scratching of horses, etc., In connection with such important meetings as the Hawkesbury and Metrop. should be posted in the olnb-room. Under the old management, when the subscription was only two guineas per annum, and the late olob was not in the same flourishing condition as the present one, the important matter of telegraphic news was not neglected like it is now. It would he a great pity if the entente cordiale which has hitherto existed between tbe members and the committee should be disturbed. ; Therefore, I trust the cause of the present dissatisfaction will be removed. The persistent endeavours of the V.T.C. to promote trotting as a cI&bs; of sport are worthy of the highest commendation, and no doubt owner of trotters will accord that substantial support the club is in need of. Messrs. W. C. Yuilie and Co. report having sold to Mr. 8. Gardiner the thoroughbred brood mares Lady Pantaloon, by Tom King from Marchioness, and Microscope ; also the stallion Chesterfield ; on account" of Mr. M'Lean, the thoroughbred stallion Philistine; and the thoroughbred stallion Young Bylong, on account o! Mr. Grey. In response to tbe invitation of Mr. M'Pherson, of Laverton, a number of sporting gentlemen assembled at that place on Saturday afternoon, to take part in a fox battue on & portioi of the estate. About forty were present, and after partaking of a tempting luncheon pre pared by the host, the party set out for the covert. Beaters were sent out, and the ground was well beaten for several miles. The result, however, was not so gratifying as might hare been expected, as the foxes bad taken them selves off. Probably the affair had attained too much publicity. The party, after working pretty hard for some hours without success, returned to the house, and after having further received the host's hospitality, left for town, having made the best of the outing. Mr. Gilimore, M.MAM wr<t« MVACAMF rtnrt martn idiC piUVtf W OS ICOvUly UlOUc the place lively daring the afternoon. Following up tbe suggestion of tbe Hon. T. Beiby, the Tasmanian Racing Club invite applications from gentlemen willing to under take the duties of handicapper for the T.R.C. and several country clabs. Applications, stating the amount of remuneration required, must be sent in to the hon, secretary, Mr. A. P. Miller, on or before the 10th September next. Petrel has changed hands, Mr. W. Lang being tbe purchaser at 450 guineas. Tbe racehorse Gloater, by King of tbe Ring — Milksop, died last week from an attack of inflammation. He was engaged in the Melbourne Cup at 7st. The Tasmanian Turf Club held a meeting last week, when the balance-sheet showed a profit of £426 7s. 8d. on the season's racing. Liabilities of £317 8s. 3d. were paid off, which left a balance of £108 19s. od. The advisability of adopting the new roles of the V.R.C. was discussed, and there is a proba- , bility of their being adopted after they have been revised. An influential com mittee was appointed to frame the pro gramme for the T.T.C. Summer Meeting. Mr. Cox has published another neat little programme of six events, to he ton at Ken sington Park on Saturday, 16th September next. The jockey Floyd, who left Melbourne on Sandsy last by the Flinders for Tasmania, received a very heavy fall while riding Jewess in the Campania Steeplechase, and suffered a slight concussion of the brain. Fortonately, however, the injuries are not likely to prove fatal, as. a telegram states that Floyd is fast returning to consciousness. Mr. Migh Solomon's notification to the sporting publie will be found in our advertis ing columns. Mr. Solomon is a very old and respected member of the ring. I paid a visit to Flemington on Thursday last, and had a look through Mr. Selman's stable, but I was unfortunate in arriving at an inopportune time, as nearly all Mr. Selman's lot were out exercieing. However, I saw the Cup horse Wizard, who looks well and healthy, and has a eet of legs that shonld stand any amount of hard work; but I doubt if this son of Hercules and Lady Gulden is of such stuff as Melbourne Cup winners are made of, though, with a light weight, he should be able to win a han dicap over a distance of a mile and a half. The next that met my view was the chesnnt filly Victress, by Proto-Martyr from Gwendo line, the dam of The Diver. She is a well- grown filly, and is said to be the biggest of her sire's get, and, though she is somewhat thick in the jaws, and has a shortish rein, she should be able to get over the ground at a merry pace. The next box opened disclosed Dunstan, the new aspirant for hurdle-race honours, whose swollen hind legs were incased in bandages, having knocked himself about considerably in the Hurdle Race at Geelong. The son of Gondalier seems fresh and well, but it will necessarily be some time before he will make an appearance on a racecourse. Corinne was the only other in stable at the time, andi a harried glance at her terminated my visit, In a pleasant conversation with Mr. Selman I learned that there is a great difficulty in obtaining goofi boys; indeed they are so scarce that many owners are compelled to work themselves. Hearing that the Adelaide contingent were located at the Pastoral hotel, I hied me thither and found the boxes empty, and Mr. Saville, hammer in hand, busily engaged in some amateur carpentering. In an adjoining paddock I observed his horses, clad in equine uniform, doing walking exercise. I soon recognised Savanake, the hero cf a hundred fights, who has lost none of his freshness, while his legs look &a; strong as iron bands. Mr. Saviile informs me that there is not the lightest truth in the rumour that the stable have backed Savanaka for the Cup, and that so far ho has not got a penny on him. From what I could see of Darebin's h&U-brother; Pro metheus, he does not appear to mncbresexnble last year s Derby winner, being cast in quite a different tooidd. The Assyrian khan from Tinfinderris a powerfully-built hoise, and should be well able to carry the weight allotted to him in the Melbourne Cup, andhls full brother, The Hebrew, is a useful-looking colt. The two-year-old colt Laplander, by Eng lishman from Tinfinder, is a strapping obeBnut colt with two white hind feot, but be does not appear to have very straight pasterns, and his hocks look rather weak, though, ll he does stand a preparation, his immense size should enable him to get over the greund at a very high rate of speed. Footstep is a mean-looking chesnnt filly who is out of all condition. The brown filly Delu sion is & smartish-looking youngster who should accomplish five furlongs in fair time. I almost omitted to mention First- water, who appears to have wintered well, as he is in great form. All tbe horses had a splendid passage from Adelaide, and were anded without a scratch. ... Collingwood is the only Victorian horse who has accepted for the Campbelltown Steeplechase, and, should his owner elect to send him across the Straits, he ought to have no difficulty in disposing of his ten op ponents, though if old Greystanes was any thing like himself he should be hard to heat. The racehorses Hopeful and Annie Laurie, in charge of Chifney, left for Sydney on Wednesday. Arinie Laurie is engaged in the A J.C. Hurdle Race and Steeplechase ; and Hopeful in the Welter Handicap, Selling Plate, Grand Stand Plate, and Sydney and Waverley Handicaps. Mr. F. G. Goyder reports having sold the racehorse Narribri, to leave tbe colony ; Glowlight eon of the steeplechaser Glow- light), and Lochinbar, by « Argus ccandal. The continual train of ill-luck which has attended Chrysalis since she has become the property of Mr. Goyder, has induced him to part with the mare, and she is now for private sale at a reasonable price. Such a mare as Chrysalis, who is a splendid fencer, with more than an average tnrn of spaed, should be well able to hold her own with anything she might meet in either Tasmania or New Zealand. Messrs. Campbell, Pratt, and Co. report having sold, on account of Mr. John Whit- tingham, the thoroughbred horse Morning Star, by Fireworks from Starlight, to Mr.D. Guerin, of St. Arnaud, for 200 guineas. 