ME. HEYDON ON THE LEADER O* THE Q-EEAT LIBERAL PARTY. (To Hie Editor, of tie Freeman's Journal.) . Sie,^— In, a sub-leader with the above heading in your issue of the 13th instant, you quote the report of my references to Mr. Graham Berry, and then proceed as follows :—' The great body of Mr. Heydpn'fl fellow-colonists, and particularly his fellow-Catholics, will be pained and astonished at hearing: from him an apology, in any terms, for one of the worst, if not the very worct, politi cal crimes ever committed in the colonies. As an act of political revenge, a whole body of tho Civil Service of Yictoria were ruthlessly evicted from their officeB, including, in two cages of Catholics, the heads (permanently appointed) of the depart ments. The Catholic officials, from the highest to the lowest-— -from Mr. Wnrdell, the designer of our new Cathedral and of our nobloat Catholic edifices, to the obocurest messenger in the several departments — were deliberately marked out ns the victims of Mr. Berry's royenge. And yet ifc ia of this cruel, cold-blooded wrong, by which hundreds of Catholic families have been sunk in hopeless destitution, that; a young Catholic M.P., the newly-elected representative of a Catholic constituency, speaks in mild and mincing and apologetic phraseOo Ag infamous a political act as ever was recordod ia coolly referred to as one which, * perhaps,1 men whose blood was cool, or c perhaps,' cold-blooded men, ' might deem umuise ' — not infamous, ao it really was, but ' perhaps ' unwise ! Perhaps we shall next hear of the Kiama Ghost-raising in similar mincing terms. Wo are sorry that we should have to speak in terms ox censure of any o£ our Catholic representatives. But it would be criminal to keep silence when we have to lifjten to auch Language on. ouch a subject, and while, moreover, Mr. Berry himself io being panegyrized ao a loader ' of the great Liberal party' worthy of the imitation and admiration of the people of this colony. Wo had hoped bettor of Mr. Heydon,' &c;, &o.; In the first place, air, nact you Honoured cne maiden effort of one ' of our Catholic repre sentatives' with a reporter of your own, you might have learned that my disavowal of any sympathy with the special acts of the Liberal party in Victoria to which you refer waa much more unequivocal than the report of another journal relied upon by you would convey to those who did not hear me. And, secondly, should I even go to the length of palliating the 'Eiama Ghost -raising,' as you phraco it, I had thought I might at least claim an advocate for such a step, Sir, in you. When tho late lamented Edward Butler joined Sir Henry Parkos after the latter had raised that historic GHioat, and by so joining him restored him to political power, your journal, thon under the sivme proprietary and editorship an vA present, was tho ardent ally of M'r, Butler in procuring and continuing to Sir Homy Pnvkea' Ministry fcho support of the Catholic party. It is only since the Chief Justice ship v/eo bestowed by Sir Henvy Pcrkeo upon Sir JamoD Moi'uin, and his promise of it to Mr. Edward Butler broken, that you have spoken sovorely oi! fliv Honry'o earlier spiritualistic pro ceedings. You laid. Sir 'Homy Pavkoa' Ghost during the whole term of his union with Mv. Buticr. is not your veouvrocting it now cgiiinofc me c ludicrous slip of memory ? Ac for your aooortion that I -represent a ' Catholic constituency,' my return depended on tho support of tho liberal men of all creeds, v/hilo sevoral of tho moot prominont Catholics in Yass wore ranged against me. The constituency, I am happy to say, is not, and novoi- has beesi, oither Protestant or Catholic. It has alwayo been Liberal. The allusion in your article to an alleged anti Catholic feoling on Mr. Berry's part, and your insinuation that I ought to doom hio act in dio miauing public oervanto woroo because, as you nay, ' two Catholic hoado of departments ' wero among those dirmiiosed, avo out of pluco. The act known as ' Black Y/ednesda}'' who harsh and unfair bocauno it struck non-combutanto ; and I do not agvco with you that it would havo boon loss to bo blamud by mo if ril ito victims had Leon non-Cutholicu. It may well suit your organ, which appealu for oupport to tho feelings of ouo religion, that politics in ouv colony ohould con tinue to bo nothing bub a war of croeds. But wwaaBEBBBaBMWIB^ the best interests of our country demand, and the welfare of those for whom, as your subscribers, you ought to care, requires, that true politics shall again guide our public life, and that the question of a man's religion be again left to its proper sphere — his home and his own con science. Possibly, however much such broadness of view may incur your displeasure, it was the expression of such convictions which gained me so large a share of general support in Yass Plains. Yours, &c;, L. F. HEYDOBT. Chambers, Pitt-street, 17th May, 1882. 