TALES AND SKETCHES. Lovoma. AN ABORIGINAL STORY. Dark is the gloom the evening shadow throws from those high mountains where the bunyan grows, There each deep glen would form a fitting bower >r ghosts or fairies at the midnight hour. With thick and tangled scrub the sides are bound and with the stately pine the tops are crowned, and the tall bunya, rising with the pine, in which the first beams of the morning shine ; id their high branches when the day is done fleets tho last rays of the setting sun. equalled Is tho view that meets the eye hen Sol is rising in a cloudless sky, 6tand upon the highest point nud gaze it o'er the Downs as fogbanlrs slowly raise cir veil-like covering, and give the light tho warm sun to drink tho dews of night, id, ns I silent stand and gnzn to-day or plains and forests stretching far away -1 in Ihe horizon's dim and misty light ey slowly sink and disappear from sight, ok through the shadow of somo thirty years retrospection's vision there appears rammer's morning, calm and clear as now, o bright , sun rising o'er the mountains brow, <1 from the shady boughs of forest trees o birds send forth a thousand melodies, a mountain magpie, the white cockatoo, «i i uc grey wongo pigeon s soxt coo-coo , hile from tho top of some tall trco is heard c loud shrill whistle of the butcher bird, d the dore's plaintive note, when wafted there, > . sms like a whisper floating in the nir ; d with the morning breeze is borne along r mountain chasms snatches of rude song, j£h dusky savages who stately stride un nil directions up the mountain side. Granger looking on would fnil to guess iy was this gathering'; why the eagerness? Hi which cnch savage in the roorniug light -S to lie first upon the mountain's height. 2 reason's simple, this is now the year : bunya ripens ; so from far and near tribes arc gathered from north, south, mid cast dance and hunt, and join the bunya feast. while tho rest arc eager in pursuit Ihe ripe bunya— their wild niountniu fruit— \- form has singled ont from all the rest, lark-skinned maiden clothed in nature's vest, ; form was nude, but from bor waist down hung -irdlc fringed with bark of enrrijuug. r motions hatha dignity nnd grace ; 'ri! was a rustic beauty in tho face, 'eh though dark-skinned hnd many chartfls to please, 1 the wild tressc waved with every breeze, And the red lips when parted showed be neath. Liko banks of snow, tho white and even tcetb. Why is she here thus pensive wandering, Soft-faced Lovonm daughter of a kin ? Why do the bright black eyes so often rest In a long anxious gaze towards the west 1 And ever, as the search has proved in vain, She turns her gaze to turn and gaze again. She awaits her lover, who at early day From her ami from Iris tribe had sped awny, And vowed wheu partlug from her at the dawn He would return, if well, the second morn. Now four long days had passed since first lie went, A special envoy by her father sent To see King Mumli, greetings to exchange, And bid him hasten to the Bunya Range. The fourth day now would very soon depart. Lovonm turned for home with heavy heart, Hut scarcely bad she made the second stride, When a tall wivngc bounded to her side. She started not, she knew him well, for he Had gone to keep her lover company, While on that mission, as Iris power was known. Rut why had be returned like this, alone ? She asked the question, and with bated breath He told the story of her lover's death. He told how, like the Etnu strong and fleet, They had sped on with swift untircd feet, They roused a mob of cattle that had lain Hid in the grassy billows of the plain. The cattle galloped, roaring, wild with fear, When some white horsemen who were passing Along the side of a small woody hill, And thinking they— the blacks— hnd come to kill The squatter's rattle, they at once gave chase Across the plain at a terrific pace. They turned and ran with all their youthful might Towards a scrub tliat stood upon the right. How they hnd almost gained the nearest part When a swiEt bullet pierced her lover's heart. He saw him fall, then to the scrub lie fled Just AS another bullet pushed his head. Once in the scrub without a moment's thought He climbed an oak tree that in falling caught Against a bottle tree, and with this aid He reached the lop ami hid in tho dark shade. The white men searched for him, hut searched' in vain, Backwards nnd forwards, round nnd round again Passed underneath the tree iu which ho -lay. Gave up the search, went out, and rode away. Long did he sit in fear and misery, Nor dared to.lcavc the friendly hiding tree, Until his arms and legs were stiff with cramp. Then he came down and made Iris way to camp. Loromn's eyes, so mild, now flashed with wrath, And, springing to her feet, she bounded forth Towards tho camp, where sat her aged hire, , Warming his shrunken limbs before the fire ; And stooping down beside her father old, Quick in his car the story she retold . Hccnluily listened to his daughter's wow, Said not a word, bnt to his feet arose, And in that look, so haughty once, so proud, There was a frown dark ns a midnight cloud. Hocoo'cd with n strange peculiur sound, When instantly from ail tiio camps around, Where blazing fires illumed the forest trees, unrao uarK-sKinncu warriors uku a swarm of bees. When nil were seated round the conncri fire. From which tho flames seemed ever rising higher, The aged king arose, feeble and slow, His hair nnd beard white as the winter snow: His cheeks were sunk and drawn; his eyes wero blear ; Ami for support he leaned upon a spear. Though now he clutched the spear with jxilsied hand, He once had been the terror of the hnd. In youth he owned a courage none could tntno, Or stand in fight against his giant frame. And as he stood before them, bent with nge, Iiis visage scowling dark with hate aud mge. Some almost trembled, who iu youth had seen " Those flashing eyes, and knew what he had been. . In a dark circle round them was the night, Made darker by the camp fires blazing light ; And as prophetic rolled dark clouds of smoke, The aged monarch raised his hand and spoke. 44 Bravo friends and brothers who in freedom Roamed o'er this land, ere it had been defiled By the dark shadow of the white man's form, Whoso weapons flash like lightning in the storm, , Whose flocks arc countless ns the stars, nnd spread Over vast plains on which the emu fed . From overy council fire some face is missed, And now another's added to the list. Another of our bravest chiefs is dead I Struck down in youth by the vile white man a lead, , .. , And lies, brave noble heart; in one red tide Poured out his life-blood, nnd the green turf I'd give my life for my young strength to dart . ,. This faithful spear in tho wlnto cowards heart, , Who, with the thunder s roar and lightning s breath, . Rent through the air that messenger of death. I mourn for that youug chief, our bravest one ; _ lie should have reigned as king when I was gone; He loved Lovoma who would then have been Amongst oar tribe a good nud failbful queen. Now that is passed my every hone is gone, Aud day by day tho white man's moving on, Slowly aud surely blotting out our tracrf. As we from camp to camp are driven back. Must we submit to this? Wo never shall ; We arc lliu first, the nb-or-ig-in-al I Join with me brothers, let us sweep away. These carrion hawks, these vile white birds of prey." His voice bad slowly risen to ft yell, The spear snapping in two ho reeled nnd fell Across a comrade seated on the ground, When all the chiefs sprang up and danced around The blazing fire, until the king stood up, \nd with ii word and gesture bid them stop. Then one by one they cried with hissing brcnth . , . , ,, 41 It is agreed the white man's doom is death. The council's ended and the chiefs have hied Each to his camp where the war-paint s np- pTied ; Mode the dark feat tires of each forest child Look prim, fantastic, strangely weird and And the long emu plumes upon each bead Nodded like funeral trappings of the dead. The midnight hour lins come, the camps are still, 1 But far away along tho sloping lrill The low burnt flickering camp fires start nnd gleam Like stars of night reflected In a stream. They turn and twist ns if in deadly pain, Shoot forth n moment, then sink down again. And they had died ami every sound had ceased When the first signs of day shone in the cast. And what a change came with tho dawn of day I The camps that up till then so silent lay Slnrt- iniolifc as through the morning damp The warning coo-ce speeds from camptocamp; And then dark warriors springing from the ground, Clutch the rude wenpous that lay scattered round. The boomerang is grasped with looks severe, The nulla nulla nnd the deadly spear ; And then the shield, the ever faithful shield, Tho friendly cause of many a bloodless field, That oft ibe passage of the spear had barred, And proved ou many a field n trust and guard. And thus equipped, with long and stately stride, Through the dim morning mist thoy swiftly glide Towards one camp, where in a deep dark ring, They form a circle round the aged king. Uc looked around, when to his sight appears /v ui.i«a ui uuik Jiumeu nunus ana lowering spears ; He grimly smiled and with a warning bow Waved his long skinny hand, aud bid them go Between two scrubs that formed a narrow pass. Careful and steady went the living mass; But when thoy reached beyond tho ojwn ground, Their tread was l'kc the distant thunder's sound, Until they gathered with a dire intent Like a dark storm cloud ou the settlement. The white men lay asleep without a fear, Without n thought of death or danger near ; But better for them hail they ne'er been born Than live to sleep and wake that fearful To wake from slumber, that calm peaceful rust, Whou cares of cnrlh lie lightly on tho brenst, And hear the deadly wnr notes rise and swell Upon the morning air, like blasts from Hell. And springiog forth, not knowing wbcro to hide, With staring eyes see death on every side. And death from those dark forms before their eyes Were worse than twenty lu some other guise. Short was the conflict, loud the picrciug screams Of startled victims waking from their dreams. The savage laughter, the wild raving moans Of ravished women, nud the dying groans Of some poor victim, hardier than the rest, Who still lived ou with speared and battered breast. But the gritn tomahawk descends again, Breaks through the skull nnd stills nil earthly pain. Then came a 6ccne of plunder, fierce indeed ; Each clutching with a hungry savage greed The things that to their fancy seemed the best, Making the horrid sccuc a theme for jest. Two sccucs arc acted, yet, for veugence sweet, One more thoy need to mnko the net com plete, To givo their enemy a funcrnl pyre, Dead boughs are piled against the huts out side- All is tnndc ready, and tho torch applied. The smoke in volumes rolled, the sparks shot high, Like meteors through the dark nnd midnight sky. Through erery crack tho fiery tongues are thrust And sooti have laid them smouldering heaps of dust. Vcngence is satisfied. Their work is done, And now I ho homeward journey has bcun ; Each warrior, loaded with a heavy pack Of plumlcr'd booty strapped upon bis back, They turn their backs upon tho gloomy vale Where not a soul was left to tell tho talc. I sniil there was not ouc, but there was one - Who in the morning for his horse had gone, And hearing the heart-rending sounds of 6trifc, Stayed bin return, nnd thus preserved his life, Hid in the forest with a ben! ing heart He heard the shouts nnd saw the blacks de part ; Then hastened with the uews in wild dismay To the next station, twenty miles away. It is not long ere on the scene appears A host of trackers and white volunteers, Well armed and mounted, nnd with fierce de sire To pay these demons back with steel nnd fire. With this intention aud with foaming steeds Along the trail the dark troop onward speeds Till in the natives camp with roaring sound The wild troop plunges scattering death around. So sudden was the shock, and so intense The dread of death, none thought of self- defence, But through the scrub in wild disorder fled. Wbilu all around lay wounded, maimed, and dead. Unsatisfied, the >vbitc roan still pursues The flying savages like kangaroos ; And in the distance with a sudden crack The deadly musket sends nn echo back. The limit is ended nnd with steady pace Some horsemen, while returning from the chase, Saw just before them m nil onk tree shade The figure of a dark-skinned native maid. Quick ns a thought each gun is brought to rest, The barrels pointed to tho maiden's breast. "Hollo," cried a tracker, "she will be ray mate." He rinsed Iris hand; tho warning came too hltc. Swift through the nir the deadly bullets tore, And now Lovoma sank to riso no more. And these white horsemen, as thoy passed her by', Gazed on the figure with a stony eye. Scarce had they gone when crawling lo that place Came a dark creature, whose wild haggard face Shows deepest' sorrow, ae beside her child She wailed her lovinglv, though rude nnd wild ; And with a mother's fondness stroked the form. While from her side the blood oozed red and warm, Scratched up the withered leaves upon her breast Just like the wild scrub turkey builds hcrncst ; Then falling weary at her daughter's side, And, none to help her, lingering, starred, and E. Thomah. \ Glenevn, Darling Downs. 