ITEMS OF NEWS. ! As usual on private members' business night, the Assembly wa3 occupied up till half-past nine 'o'clock with matters of no genoral importance. A whole host of new measures wore introduced rind read a first time, and tho Sandhurst Bath Corner formed the subject of a lengthy discus sion, but tho Bill relating to this was Ultimately read a second timo. After clearing oil' tho pri vate business sheet, the Houso went into Com mittee of Ways and Means, when tho Premier stated his determination to withdraw nearly all his proposed remissions of taxation including tho tea, beer, and postage ones. This intimation Was received with jeers from the House, which immediately adjourned. ; Yesterday was the shortest day of tho year, hut the sky being clear and the moon being up the light was better than on many preceding days. : It was intimated that Friday excursion fares by railway wore to bo discontinued after 1st July, but this order having been countermanded they will.be continued till further notice. ; The Tarrangowor Times complains about the dilatoriness that occurs in working the diamond drill, and remarks that the diamonds rocently imported from the Cape are found to be useless for the work. ! Another accident occurred at tho Alliance mine, Maldon, on Monday. A carpenter named Kay, whilst working above fell from a stage arid was severely bruised. This is the seventh abcident Dr Farr has had to attend at the hospi tal within a very short time. | Mr J. Rebson was announced to givo recitals at Maldon to-niorrpw evening for the benefit of the Ladies' Benevolent Association, but he for warded a: telegram from Echuea on Tuesday evening stating that in consequence of severe illness he will not be able to appear. It is to bo hoped that his indisposition will be but of short duration. . ' An entertainment is to be given at the Me chanics' Institute this evening under the auspices of the I.O.R. Roohabites. The first part of it is to consist of. readings by a gentleman from Mel bourne, who is highly praised for his Ability, 'with appropriate music illustrative of them. The second part comprises recitals and vocal and instrumental music, and for the occasion the new piano is to be used. , A commanding officer's parade of the Light Horse Troop was held yesterday afternoon, the largest attendance we have seen at parade on the Camp. The members were put through gun, sword, squadron and troop drill and were 'complimented on their efficiency and attention. We are pleased to notice the good musters of the Castlemaine Troop, and the interest taken Ky. the men in working as horse artillery as well as cavalry. ; ; The following are the returns of traffic on the Victorian Railways for week ending 15th June, 1882 : — Number of passengers, 200,384. Fassongers, parcels, horses, carriages, dogs, and mails, L12,823 18s 9d ; merchandise, minerals, and cattlo, L14, 973 lis Gd ; — total for the week, L27,797 10s 3d ; corresponding week in 1881, L2o,827 9s; 6d. Aggregate to this date from 1st July, LI, 627,466 10s 4d. Weekly average , 60 weeks, L32,649 6s 7d.: ' - i ;; ; J A miner named Dennis, working at. the Forest Creek Wattle Gully claim, met with "a severe tivLlUcIlu ycbtolUUJ') iiU clllU. bUU16 Ol JllS.'HlclLcS were at the bottom of the shaft. When'tlie cage was coming down, by some mearis one of t.ie wheels of the cage broke and catching the guides of . the shaft .. broke a piece . off -that, arid tlio "whole camedown striking Dennis on \- tlie head and right f arm . "cutting "a wound eight wishes long in liis head and. breaking the latter above ; the elbow?'" He j!was! brought with ail speed to the Hospital when his injuries were at tended to and ho remained in the house. Dennis is R married man' with a family. , ; The Heathcoto residents as represented by the Borough Council are not in favour of the proposed Sandhurst and Seymour railway line. Tlioy were -.unanimous at a meeting held on Tijesday in agreeing to a resolution that Mr Gillies bo written to informing him that a bare majority of tlie Mclvor Shire Council had de cided in favour of that route, and that it did not-express the general feeling of the residents of the shire and district, who were still in favour pf the Heathcote and Kilmore line. It was also agreed that a sub-committee should be ap pointed to contradict statements in a circular issued to members of Parliament by the Sand hurst and Seymour Railway League. At tho close of the meetiog a number of members of the Heathcote and District Railway League mot, and decided on calling meetings in various parts of the district in favour of tho Heathcote and Kilmore line. A great many persons called in at the Me chanics' Institute yesterday and inspocted the drawings of tho School of Design that ivero ex hibited at Melbourne. Most of them expressed admiration at the progress made by pupils who have only been a comparatively short time in tlie School, which is the youngest in the colony that forwardod drawings. Tlie dog's head, drawn by Angus Shaw, that won tho prize, was n.irvnvvlv insnpnfcorl. anrl t.iio lifn- lil.-n nnnonp. ancc, the expression and tho shading wero all acknowledged meritorious. Tho geometrical diawings, though not the most attractive, showed that accuracy and nicety in proportions that are essential, but which precision can be passed over by; landscapo observers. The varied meri torious drawings of Mastor Hasler, of Himp- stead Pond, Miss Blanche Thorburn's collec tion ; Mis3 I. M. Sevier, M'ss S. and Miss Dolly Binns and Miss Mclnnes we noticed be- fjre. Bachelder's Christy Minstrels gavo their third and concluding performance at the Theatre Royal last night, and again thoy called forth de monstrations of approval for their talented ren dering of songs, their clover dancing and their jokes. It is not common to find nigger farces appreciable by adults ; but tlio ono performed last night of "He's Dead" was so absurdly amusing that everyone had to join in tho chorus of laughter. Thore was a species of plot in it consisting of a young lady whoso lover was ob jected to by tho father, who lured a servant to .kill him at L5 a week; hut tlio young lady bribed him to kill his rival at L10 a week. This family butcher did not earn his money on ac count of the favoured lover having written ho had committed suicide. It was arranged ho was to become a ghost, and his make-up was extrava gantly absurd. Tho terror lie inspired was laughably comic. An excellent programnio, good in all its parts, was brought to a closo by tho burlesque opera of tho Bohemian Girl, in which several passages of the operatic music occur, witli songs, togothor with numerous innovations. This formed a genuino and good close for the prdgrainmo of this company. A young man named John Kitchen, residing in Ballarat, had three of the fingers of his left hand cut by a circular saw "at Kelly 'arid' Pres- j ton's works yesterday morning. ' Tho Marcus .Clarke Comedy Company will ap pear this evening in the Theatre Royal. The painful circumstances under which Mrs Clarice returns to tho stage havo boon hitherto adverted to by us, and tho public Bhould fool a pleasure in seconding by tlioir patronago her ondoavours. Tho sparkling comedios written by tlio late Mr Marcus Clarke will be performed, of tho " Los- son in Lovo," " Forbidden Fruit" and tlio musi cal comedy of "Tlie Child of the Regiment," dur ing tho story of the company. Mrs Clarke nee Marian Dunn, before she rotirod from her pro fession, on tlio occasion of her marriage was one on tho most popular and fascinating aotressos in light comedy to bo seen on tho Molbourne boards, and she is said to retain all her powers. In making this provincial tour she is supportod by a selected and talented company, amongst whom are sovoral inoiiihors known to play goors. Mr G. Leopold will bo recollected as a good come dian, abounding in humour and fun. . From tho notice in the Advocate which wo roforrod to' in our issuo of yesterday it would bp soon that Mrs Clarke had a warm reception at Daylesford, and tho performances of the company frequently called forth hearty applause from all parts of the houso as a desorvod compliriient for their his trionic efforts. In another column will bo seen tho cast for the two comedies, tho Bilious Attack and the Child of the Rogiment that will bo played to-night. Tho labourer Goo. Fisher, who was nearly killed a few days ago at Broaclford whilst in the act of getting into a train whilst in motion, was brought before tho Kilmore Court yestorday and charged with a breach of tlio Victorian Railway Regulations. The prisoner appeared in court with his face somewhat cut and bruised, and taking into consideration tho suffering ho had gone through, Mr Wyattonly fined'him 2s Gd. A man namod William Gibb, aged 55 years, ropemaker by profession, was found dead in his bedroom, at Hart's boarding-house Ballarat yes terday morning. Ho was found dead in his room fully dressed, apparently as though, ho had just been going to leavo .tho appartmont. Tho deceased was heard groaning through tho night, but tho othor inmates of tho building did not think he required any assistance. Wo (Herald) regret to have to announce tho death of His Honour Judge Billing, whioli took placo yesterday morning at his residence, Caul- field. Mr Billing sustained a paralytic stroke somo time since, from the effects of whioli he never completely recovered. He was about 68 years of ago at the time of his death. Mr Bil ling, Q.C., was a nativo of Dublin, and a mom- ber of the Irish bar, to which ho was admitted about 1835. He arrived in this colony' about 1853, and almost over since has held a foremost place at the commou law bar. He was ap pointed a County Court judge only a couple of months ago. Mr Billing appeared as counsel in nearly all the causes celebre which have been heard in Victoria since' his arrival.. Amongst those causes were tho Provident Institute prose cution, Molesworth v Molesworth, and Clarson v Blair. Tho following comes from Adelaide At a recent meeting of the Salvation Army, one of tho warriors addressed the crowd in this way : — "Friends, look at me; three mouths ago I was a drunken fool without a penny in my pocket. I joined the Army, and now I have, money in my pocket and somo good roast beef for dinner to-morrow. Friends, three months ago I was not married, but now, thanks to the Army, I have a nice little wife and three chil dren. Friends, join the Army." A correspondent writes as follows in the Bris- bano Courier : — Sir,— As typhoid fever is now prevalent, I send you for the information of others copy of a prescriptions which was lately sent to me from Sydney by a lady friend who vouches for it efficacay. She writes: — "Eight drops of rectified spirits of turpentine in a wine glass of water three times a day is a preventive where there is much typhoid fever, and has been usod with success as a cure in cases of typhoid." I have no personal knowledge of the above in connection with tho uses stated. It appears, however, calculated to destroy the germs of diseases of the kind referred to. Typhoid :has proved such a dread foe to many in Brisbane that I do not like to withhold information that many possibly prove of service in combating or warding off that disease." It would appear pretty certain (according to the Ararat Advertiser) that in the event of a general election, tho colony, and more particu larly the young Australian party, is fully deter mined to do its duty to the five signatories to the "hoof of foreign depotism " address. In the Buangor portion of Mr Longmore's consti tuency the feeling is very strong, and a number of that gentleman's whilom supporters aro en deavouring to bring forward a candidate who is not a self-acknowledged foreigner. It is sig nificant, too, that at a meeting of tho Mechanics' Institute at Donald, on the reading of a letter from Mr O'Callaghan, in connection- with which a vote of thanks was proposed, ono member ejaculated, "Oh, what's the use, ho will never get in again," and the sentiment was endorsed. At tho Court of Petty Sessions, at Donald, on Tuesday, James Aitken, of Banyenong Station, proceeded against Frederick Baensch, to recover L9 15s damages for throe ewes and 30 lambs, the former valued at 15s and the latter at 5s each, alleged to have been killed by defendant's dog. Mr Henderson, station manager for Mr Aitken, proved that on tho 24th May ho saw several sheop lying dead in the paddock, and saw a dog worry one of them. He followed the dog to defendant's house, and defendant's wife tied it up. Ho had seoii the same dog worrying sheep before, and pursued it, but did not then know tlie owner. Defendant had admitted tho ownership. Tlie bench entered a verdict for com plainant, with damages to tho amount of L8 15s, and costs LI Gs. Two cases of considerable local interest were heard at the Drouin Police Court on Tuesday. J. M. Gannon, reporter of tlio Gippslnnd In dependent, proceeded against J. H. Foiveett, councillor of Buln Buln Shiro, for unprovoked assault, alleged to have been committed on the mr/lif i'if fcliA 30f1i nlf. Th wnu ofofai-l dant accosted plaintiff on tho railway platform at Drouin, and struck him in the face. Mi- Godfrey, who conducted plaintiff's case, urged that if such assaults wero allowed to bo com mitted with impunity freedom of tho press would bo at end. The Independent had occasion to comment on tho conduct of tho local council re lative to the appointment of secretary. The de fendant took offence at tho remarks, and hence the assault. The bench said the evidence proved that a most unprovoked, assault had been com- imitted, and fined defendant L5, with L3 3s -costs. The acclimatisation of tlio industry of ostrich- farming in Victoria has beon successfully ac complished by Messrs Officer Bros., of tho Murray Downs. About 60 lb. of feathers are at prosont lying at Messrs Dalgoty, Blackwood and Co.'s stores, awaiting shipment by the next Oriont steamer to England, when thoy will bo disposed of in tho London market. Tho feathers (states the Ago) aro tho product of about 100' ostriches, consistiiig of a number of birds which had been leased from tho Acclimatisation Society by tho Messrs Officer some years ago, and their progeny. It is estimated that the entire shipment will realise as much as from L5 to LG per lb., but somo of tlio prime white feathors, the product of the matured male birds are expocted to bring as high a price as L40 per lb. Tho previous ship ments of Victorian feathers have hitherto com manded equally as good a figure in tho London markot as the produce of tlio host Capo farms. In view of tho encouraging results already ob tained, tho socioty intend shortly holding a sale, for tho purposo o£ disseminating tho birds and inducing othor persons to embark in the new in dustry, there being largo tracts of country, in the northern districts of tho colony, tho climate of wliicliis eminently suitable fo'tho sucCessful fariri- ing of tho ostrich. 0)wo of tho reoehtly released Irish suspects havo arrived at Sydney. : ; Mr d. E. johos deslares his intention of op- posin" Mr Borry at Geelorigi at the next elec tion. Wo thought ho had enough of tho Pivot. Mr Jiistico Williams is Baid to ho the best amateur boxer in. the colony. _Ho is also a dis tinguished rower and pedestrian. A burglary was committed on Monday at a dwellinghouso in William-streot, Sydney, and L70 worth of jewellery and othor articlos were stolen. Mr Morris Asher, a nativo of Now South Wales, has taken the highest medical dogrees at tho University of Dublin. Ho returns to Sydney shortly to enter upon tho practice of his profes sion. A woman named Ann Stewart has been com mitted for trial at Sydney on a charge of bigamy, in having married one Thomas Cox while her husband, David Stewart, whom she had married at Glasgow, was still alive. The Day Dawn Company, Charters Towers, have offered a reward of L200 for the conviction bf tho parties concornod in tho robbery of gold from the retort, and L300 additional if the gold is recovered. About fifty more carpenters and joiners have gone out on the Sydney strike, making about 200 in all. Tho reason that the builders will not give them lis a day is because they think they are not worth it. _ , . ! A woman, itamed Ellen Leer, has boen com mitted for trial at Sydney for brutally ill-treat ing lier daughter, 10 years old, by severely beat ing lior. A second child, soma years younger, had also been beaten by the inhuman mother, and had an arm broken, besides other extensive wounds. A telegram from Sydney, oh Tuesday, reports : — "The escort from 'Femora took 3600 oz of gold. The new alluvial rush, near the United Tcmora claim, is turning out well. Fresh claims are bottoming on gold daily. The South Aus tralian Company has struck a fresh run of gold in the Fanny Parnell claim, running oust." ; At Ravenswood, New- South Wales, a silver mining company has been formed to purchase and work King and Berkby's silver mine at North Kennedy's, Queensland, with a capital of L60,000, in 60,000 shares of LI each. Nineteen thousand shares were taken up by tho contributors within the past few days. . ; A return furnished by the Customs officers of Newcastle shows that 6n Tuesday there were in that port 98 vessels, of an aggregate register bf 67,978 tons, waiting for cargoes. The quan tity of coal exported last week was 27,180 tons. The continuance of tho . Boreholo minors' strike is exorcising a deplorable effect on trade, as the shipping is accumulating far beyond the capa bilities of the port. ! Two rrieu, named Coyle and Douglas, workirig on a night Shift in a claim at Major's Creek, Braidwood, have had a most miraculous escape from death. . A blast had been put in a shaft 100 feet deep. After waiting two hours with out its going ofl', the men went down to open the charge. They had hardly, however, begun to work when the charge exploded with tremen dous, force, throwing up several tons of earth. The men escaped unhurt, and were drawn up to the surface. 