BRIEF CHRONICLES. The almond trees are now in bloom, and give the first signs of the approaching spring. It is proposed to form a rifle corps at Ararat. The report of the Tariff Commission on the stock-tax will be handed to Parliament in about a fortnight. Several new post and telegraph offices will shortly be built in different parts of the colony. It is proposed to illuminate the Spencer Street railway station with the electric light. The frozen meat per Lusitania ha,s reached England in good condition. A bill providing for the registration of dentists has been introduced in the As sembly. At Kilmore, on Wednesday, a storekeeper named Wylie was fined £25 for haviug al lowed his employe to sell liquor without a license. The employo was also fined a simi lar amount for selling the liquor. At Prahrau on Thursday a milkman named Richards was fined three guineas, with two guineas costs, for cruelty to his horses. For some time past the most vigorous measures have been taken for the destruc tion of the locust plague in Cyprus. Fully seven-eights of tho whole quantity of locusts with which the island is infested have been destroyed. A " ghost," quite drunk and suffering from delirum tremens, has been captured in New Zealand and placed in the lock-up. A Vermont couple have married aftor a courtship of twelve years, during which j the bride's father has put seven seta of | hinges on the front gate. At Beech worth tho water in the pipes were frozen, and icicles were hanging from the spouts of the verandahs iu the streets during the late oold weather. New taxation to the extent of £23,000 is proposed in South Australia, which will be absorbed in meeting the expenses of the additional means of defence. Farmers want tho power to destroy dogs, whether registered or not, when found upon any private property unaccompanied by their owners or some other person. Specimens of marble of the finest quality have been found near Kapunda. The marble is very heavy, and semi-transparent. The question of wood supply for domestic and general uso is becoming very serious to some thousands of consumers in eastern and southern metropolitan districts. Two buggies have been seized by the Customs officers at Echcoa for having been imported from New South Wales without paying duty. Three large whales visited Portland on Friday. Henry Eastwood, railway porter at Mooroopna, has been arrested for embez zlement. One hundred tons of fish was sent by rail from Portland during last month. On Friday last during the passage of the Southern Cross from Hobart, a female passenger named Mrs Lilly disappeared, and is supposed to have been lost over board. The Licensed Victualler's Association has thanked the Commissioners of Customs for prosecuting publican's who sell adulterated spirits. A quantity of " exhausted" tea has lately peen imported into the colony. It will pro bably be destroyed. The Government has telegraphed to Eng land for a price for the construction of 2-5 locomotives. Mining timber is somewhat scarce at present in the Creswiok and Smeaton districts. A branoh of the Melbourne Telephonic Exchange is to be started at Ballarat. The United Methodist Free Church at Ballarat was broken open on Wednesday last, and the church furniture damaged. Victorian capitalists are investing iu the Palmer reefs. War between Russia and Germany with in the next few years is regarded as inevit able. Tanners declare that ironbark is .useless for tanning purposes. It yields only 10 per cent, of tannic acids, while the black wattle yields 40 per cent. Sir Garnet Wolseley has started for Egypt. In the next week or two we may expect to hear of some decisive movement. Sir Charles McMahon is of opinion that the Railway Bill is a sham, and that not one in 10 of the lines will pay working expenses. The terminus of the line from Hamilton towards Coleraine is the black stump of an old gumtree that has been burned. So Mr Shiels declares, but the Minister of Railways assets that the only house on the route is the terminus. Tho Ballarat Star claims to have doubled its circulation within the last twelve months. It is estimated that the Royal Humane Society, during the 100 years of its existence has saved nearly 40,000 lives. According to Mr Hayter's calculation, the population of the metropolis and suburbs, within a 10 miles radius, amounted to 287,874 at the end of last month, being an increase of about 2,000 since last census.' The Bacchante, the vessel in which the young princes have been cruising, has readied England. At the Princess Theatre on Saturday a portion of tho scenery oaught fire , and although the fiamo was quickly extinguished there was very nearly a panic amongst the audience. The National Gallery is to be re-painted, and the pictures re-hung, under Mr. Folingsby's direction. The Duke of Edinburgh was nearly drowned at Bayonne. in Spain, on the 3Stk June, while with a fishing party. Tiie man Burns charged with the Deep Lead murder, will be tried at the nexc sit tings of the Central Criminal Court ou tho loth inst. Sydney graduates leave for England to continue their medical studies, because there is uo medical school in connexion with the Univerisitv. The Chamber of Commerce want the tele graphic rates in Victoria reduced to six pence, and the intercolonial rates to one shilling. lor the first time since Waterloo, the Household Cavalry, or at least two regi ments of Life Guards, are ordered for foreign service. They will form a part of the Brigade under H.R.H. the Duke of Connaught.and it is said they are sent out at Her Majesty's express wish. Cetewayo, the late King of the Zulus, has arrived in England. The Ballarat Courier remarks — " It will be remembered that at the last Melbourne Cup meeting a jockey named Dodd, the rider of Suwarrow, received such injuries that he died shortly afterwards. A subscrip tion was raised for the widowed mother, who resides at Avoca, and a considerable sum collected, but we now understand that the widow has not received the money sub scribed on her behalf although over eight months have passed. We do not kiiow who is treasurer of the fund, but it is due to those gentlemen who so charitably col lected and subscribed ou the widow's be half that some explanation was given in the matter, or tho money paid at once to its proper quarter." , 