Facts and Fancies. A little nonsense now and then Is relished by the wisest men.—HUDIBRAS. "I NEVER argy agin a success,"said Artemus Ward. "When I see a rattle-snaix's head sticking out ov a hole. I bear off to the left and say to my« aelf,' that hole belongs to that snaix."" Schoolmistress (just beginning a niceitnprov ing lesson upon minerals to the juniors): "Now, what are the principal things we get out of the earth 1" Youthful angler, aged i (confidently): "Worms." Inferential.—" Yes," exclaimed Brown," you always find mo with a pen in my hand. I'm a regular penholder, my boy." "Lot's see," said Fogg, musingly, "a penholder is usually a stick, isn't It?" Synopsized opinion by the court: "These defendants are dismissed. The court finds they stole a large amount—enough to entitle them to respect. Call the next case." A country dominie had 100 boys and no assis tant. " I wonder how you manage them," said a friend, " without help." " Ah," was the answer, "I could manage the 100 boys well enough; it's tho 200 parents that trouble me—there's no manag ing them." Epitaph on an Arbroath Alderman, an EXCELLENT BOWLER. Full forty long years was the Alderman Been, The delight of each Bowler, and King of this green; As long be remembered his art and his name. Whose hand was unerring,—unrivalled his fame. His BIAS was good, and he always was found To go the right way, and tako enough ground. Tho jack to the uttermost verge he would send, For tho Alderman loved a full length at each end. Now mourn ev'ry eyo that has seen him display The arts of the game, and tho wiles of his play. For tho great Bowler, DEATH, at one critical cast. Has ended his length, and close rubbed him at last. A culprit was recently tried in a Gorman court of justice for murder and robbery. The judge, before summing up the evidence for the jury's consideration, asked the prisoner whether he had anything to say for himself. " Only this, your honour, replied tho latter; "it was not a murder, but a suicide." Judge: "How do you make that out?" Prisoner:" In this way, your honour. The deceased, for years before his death, went about everywhere saying that he was determined to put an end to himself; but he never had the courage to do so. At last his irresolution moved mo to pity; so, to save him from disappointment, and, more especially, from being worse than his word, I suicided him." Judge: That is all very well; but what made you take his watch ?" Prisoner: " When he was dead he did not requiro a watch. I did, and so I very naturally put it in my pocket. Besides, he was an old friend of mine, and I wanted something to remembor him by." A sensational drama has recently been por formed in the chief theatre of Moscow, tho crowning situation of the pieco being a combat in a rocky puss between a lion and an Arab chief. Tho lion scrambles up a steep ascent, and is about to spring from its summit upon his foo. when tho man brings him down with a well-aimed shot. The part of tho lion has been sustained most suc cessfully by a trained gymnast named Aloxoivitch until about a fortnight ago, when that artist suddenly fell ill, and tho management was com pelled to entrust his r6le to an aetivo super, who undortook it at a few hours' notice. When tho time arrivod for his debut ho boundod on the Btage with admirable vigour, and scuttled up tho cliff in irreproachable stylo. But when tho Arab chief discharged his musket, tho lion, utterly thrown off his guard by tho report, stood erect on his hinder paws, and, exclaiming "Heaven help us!" hurriedly descended the cliff tail foremost, amid the jubilant shouts of the audience. Two Pulpit Jokes.—"You would hear, I dare say," said M'Lcachlan, " what happened to our brothor from the Sound when he was preaching at Kilmore. You know he is fcry_ fond of preaching extempore, and when he went into the vestry he said to the ciders: ' I really do not know what to prench about.' said he. 'Do you not know,1 says Tuncan MTnvish, one of the ciders, * what to preach about V 'No; Ido not, really.' 'Well, then, says Tuncan, 'shußt preach about live minutes, it'll po quite enough.'" "It's out of his own head." said ltoss. "he got that one, Mr. M'Uo.v. put here is one that is quite true apout himself. When he was preaching at Siashhach, one day he was fory eloquent indeed, and when he was in his raptures ho cried: "And what shall I nay more, my friends? and what snail I Bay more?' ' Say amen,' says a t occnt woman sitting pelow the pulpit." Thk Siamese nation has recently been plunged into mourning by the death of the court and body elephant of tho king. One morning, after a hearty breakfast, he went, mad quite unexpectedly, and trampled five of his attendants to death. To shoot him would have been sacrilege. An attempt to tranquilisc his perturbed spirit by en circling him with a huge ring of holy bamboo, specially blessed hy the High Priest of Ins own par ticular temple, proved worse than ineffectual, for ho broke through the ring, and all lint terminated the High Pricßt'H career upon Ihe spot. Ho wim then with great diftlcully driven into a close court of the palace, where, after sevoral furious en dcav6iul 8 to batter down the walls with his tusks, he suddenly toppled over on liis side, uttered a last cry of rage, and gave m> the ghost. Naturally enough, this heavy calamity was attributed to criminal carelessness on Hie part of one or other of Ilie atteiulnntM entrusted with tin; sacred ele* pliant's feeding. The king, therefore.interrogated the members of the elephant's household in person, nnd, failing lo elirit any individual con fession of delinquency, decreed Unit they bhould all bo punished. 