.MR. J. WHITE'S OPINIONS. , -A short time ago JMr. John Whites was deputed by the Quorn Branoh of the ? Farmers' Association to go into the other- ? colonies for the purpose of spying out _the_ land and. reporting upon ? its -? character and capabilities. Mr. Whito ' has now returned from his travels, and his' impressions are given in .a rreporb ^ which appears elsewhere. The document ?will be read with interest - and not ? without amusement. Mr. Whife's' name . is now familiar as household words. He has very freely ex pressed his opinions upon the land laws . of South Australia, and lie has been vei/ freely handled by some members of th& - South Australian Legislature in return. His doings while he was away were duly chronicled, and the intercolonial telegrams' recorded from time to time the various - stages of his voyage of discovery. Some of his remarks excited a good deal of criticism, and were repudiated by those who were understood to have commis sioned him. An attempt was made by one member of the House of Assembly to- ?? explain them away on the ground that ? farmers as a class are unused to public ? speaking, and their utterances, therefore^ '? are not to be interpreted too literally. This was a very reasonable excuse, and it would be unfair to attach too much im portance to words spoken on the Bpur of the moment, and which might convey to the hearer a very different impression from that which the speaker intended. However that may be, Mr. White succeeded in exciting a good deal j of curiosity about his mission. If he did nothing else he attracted attention to-' himself. As the skilful agent contrives to work up an interest in the professional star whom he is running, so Mr. White ? created among South Australians a longing desire to hear the new and strange things which he would have to report. Mr. White has now told his story, and the non-agricultural as well a3 the agri cultural reader may form hi3 own opinion about it. Dr. Johnson once said of Goldsmith that if he went abroad he would be likely to bring home a wheel barrow as a curiosity and as a sample- of the strange inventions in use in the lands visited by him. The Quorn delegate has done something almost a3 original. He has gone through tracts of country in the early spring, and he found 'the whole country presented quite a cheering and very different aspect to that we are used to— eveiy tliini green instead of dried-up.' The same thing might have been seen in South Australia at the time when Mr. White wa3 making his observations. Nor is this the only fault to be found with the report. 'I have thus given. yon,' he says, 'an account of my trip, and I am bound in all honour and good conscience to assert, whatever the con sequences may be, that in either of ? the other colonies there arc millions of acre3 of the finest land you ever saw, in most parts a good average rainfall and the regulations under which land can be obtained very liberal. But do not allow my statements to In- - fluence you. Go and see for your-. .. . selves. It is not such a costly trip to GJea Janes °r ^ew England '.- 'but that any one almost can manage it and decide for hnnself^-- With- leganT to jlieJ^S©inerice3::l!kely.:io J1qw\ from Mr.'Wiate'8-atoeil5oD8, tfiere is ho reason to suppose they wffllbe ' Very serious. His fcmguagc'temnii?s We of the little Twy ttBo ' resolved 'to' try -what the effect of aogood round oath wouid be. He. therefore, shut ; himself up in his bedroom, arid awaited the issue of his fast experiment in swearing with con sideratle trepidation, out nothing fol lowei 'He Had not succeeded even in producing a sensation.- The ceiling did not &B;,nor did anything unusual occur. Mr. \Vhite;-will probably find that his daring experiment falls- as flat Then it is rather *oo__bad_for_ &_delegate_ who has had exceptional facilities for gaining information, and. , wnp'~teayelled in a representative. capacity,rto say to those who commissioned ? - him, 'Do net let my words influence' you, but go and see for yourselves.'- -To~say nothing of the time that would be consumed,' very few of the farmers,' if their condition J3 so bad. 03 it is represented as. being, could afford the cost of. a trip to New South Wales or Victoria, ' for, Be 'it', remembered, they would' not travsl aa; representatives, but only in their own personal interests. Turning to the details of Mr. White's report, there are twp or three things which muststrike the candid reader. In Victoria, he says, 'they have free selection before survey, no interest, no auction, and theland all one price. It rieeds no. ghost to tell us that or some othefTthings which Sir. White does not mention. ,But even in thai-paradise for farmers- therVia -a draw- - back. ' They'^wiU' hatel to' enlarge the acreage allowed, -for^32Q- acres- to each selector is tto little.'- JProbably the Tic torian -Legiskture 41s ^sqpir, as' itr. learns that ,,%ere is .pos^ipUity-of Mr; White setffiAg in that: colony will 'at once make the necessary alteration which iV has Been ' meditating for^yeara^ &'.Jffie;^immera District good seppndj^and. farnis 'can :be purchased ^sayaifr.- White) at irom.£2 lOs.to £3 10s? jer^Mj^-wMcii^a^es'nbt look as if the. country-; were _worjh. very much ; but he also'. PQipts^ put tljat there are ' over a million of acres ayailitble. for . selection/: ' M the ' northern : districts of Victoiia most of -the beat land- is,.tafcea up, but in Gippsland there are a million and a quaiier of;aere%fptselection.'1ETen' there the clearing, would be very costlyjr and ' the grain crops suffer at times from' caterpillars, but very little from locnsta j : they have touches^ of red rostj: , but not serious; tie— most ot the _ crops would seem 'to be cut for hay.' 'It is, however, towards New South 'Wales that Mr. White seems to be most attracted-. The . Hunter, District.' ha speaks of in glowing terms- but: is he quite sure that there is much land there open for selection, abd what about the price of getting -the- crop to market? In New South Wales, however, there is selec tion befoiefinrvey, aa in. Victoria, but each, selector is allowed 640 acres, and— greatest charm of all — 'one is not compelled to cultivate.'- ' Hence,' according to Mr.' White, ihe New South Wales farmers say ' we will leave . the wheat - growing to you slaves of South Australia^'' It isjnot an easy matter. to Bum up Mr. White's .report,, but it is worth- while making an attempt to do so/ Victoria would be all right, he seems to imply, if each selector weraonly allowed to have more land. ' In 'New Souft Wales this difficulty does, nqt exist ; but the* land is not cultivated, because cultivation is not compulsory, and. other, things pay better. If the New South 'WaW'land were in South Australia it would be'culti vated; but then^and this lia an odd view 'for ? a::';firiner :-td ''-take —.the advantage of 'cultivation not being insisted upon jranld be gone. The omissions from the report are also signifi cant. No mention, ia. made 6£ the heavy charges for local roads and other works to which the Victoriari farmer is sub jected, nor of : the fact that in New South Wales, fresh; land; legislation will certainly be passedbefore long to put a stop to the wholesale dummyism which has been going on, and to encourage the cultivation as well aa the purchase of the agricultural- lands.-- -Finally, it is no secret that Mr. .White is a disappointed man. After having done well at farming in South Australia he has taken up fresh land which has not answered his expectations. In no spirit of illwill it may be asked — Is such a man a safe guide? A visitor to any of the colonies may depend upon receiving much kindness and courtesy, but his ex periences then are not a true index to -what hia experiences would be if he were to settle down there. The South Australia^ farmer has many difficulties, and he ia deserving of every encouragement; but he will do well to pause before breaking np his home for the purpose of settling in one of the adjoining colonies upon the faith of the statements in Mr. White's report. 