THE MARTYRDOM OF MADELINE. A NEW NOVEL. By Robert Buchanan, Author of "A Child of Nature ; or, The Tryse ok Arramiore " Shadow of the Swohb, &c.;, &c.; Chapter XXXV.—The Search. It was the first great shock that Forster had ever felt during a life of quiet activity, marked from time to time by small and fre quently ignoble troubles ; and it struck him like a thunderbolt—to use the familar but terribly expressive simile. When he came to himself he was like a man mentally stupefied and physically decrepit. He read the letter over and over again, wept over it, and the more he read it the less he understood its true meaning. Only one thing was clear— that Madeline had left his house of her own free will, with no intention of returning, and with no hint of any reason for her light. Despite his sister's entreaties, he himself left the house in search of the fugitive. It was now long past midnight, and the rain was still falling heavily; but he buttoned his great coat around him, and rushed off into the street. His first enquiries were of the policemen in the neighborhood, but they could tell him nothing. He hastened then to the nearest cabstand, thinking that possibly Madeline might have hired a vehicle there; but he gained no information. Then he stood help less under the dark sky, in the midst of the great city, uncertain which way to turn. For he had not the slightest clue to guide him in his search. Madeline had no friends in the city to whom she might fly ; none, cer tainly, to his knowledge, and White himself had told him that she was a friendless orphan. The thought of White, however, brought up the recollection of Madame de Berny, who had been keeping house for White when he died, and who was still (thanks to Forster's assistance) in possession of the old quarters, which she let in lodgings. It was just possible that Madeline might have gone there. The thought was enough. He hailed a hansom, and was driven rapidly to St. John's Wood. He was doomed to disappointment. When lie had aroused the sleeping house, and scared Madame Beauvoir out of her wits by the sight of his haggard spectral face, he found that the poor soul knew nothing. He hurried away with scarcely a word of explanation. Ail that night he haunted the streets, seek ing for a trace,a sign, of any kind. Of course, it was in vain. Long afterday break he returned to his lonely house and found his sister awaiting him in deep anxiety. She saw, by one glance at his face that- he had been unsuccessful. He walked into the study and threw himself into a chair; she .followed him, and touched him on the shoulder. He looked up wildly, like a man iwhose wits are going. _ " You have heard nothing?" she asked. He shook his head in despair. " I feared you would not," she continued. " My dear James, you must have courage— you'must look this terrible event in the face. May I speak to you? Do you think you can bear to talk of it, of her ?" " What have you to say ?" .His tone was irritable, almost querulous. . "Only this, James—that you must not torture yourself unnecessarily. Remember, there are others who love you—myself—your darling boy. If Madeline has left you, it is of her own free will. I am not surprised that you have not found her; she doubtless pro vided well against that. She wished to leave you. Don't forget that!" " Why should she wish it?" he groaned: "Why do other wives leave their husbands? They do leave them, every day." There was something in her tone so sig nificant, so ominous, that he could not mis conceive her. He sprang up as if stung and faced her. " What do you mean ?" " I never thought Madeline quite happy in this house. I never thought she loved you as you deserved. If she is unworthy wto bear your name " "She is not unworthy ! I will never believe it. I will not hear one word against her, even from you. Do you hear, not one word! I know you never cared for her, never treated her like a sister, and now you would poison my soul against her. I tell you I will not listen to you—never, never!" Margaret Forster felt not a little indig nant; her brow darkened, and the sympa thetic dimness passed away from her cold grey eyes; but being truly mistress of the situation, she could afford to be, and was, magnanimous. '' You are very unjust to me," she said, " but I shall think it is your trouble that speaks, and not yourself. I have never been unkind to Madeline; on the contrary, I have treated her with the greatest affection and respect. If I have sometimes thought that she was scarcely conscious of the duties of a lady in her position, I have always silenced myself with the reflection that she was your choice. Yes, James, always. No matter what I have feared, what I have seen, I have been silent for your sake!" "In the name of God," said Forster, im patiently, " cease to torture me. If you know anything to relieve my suspense, speak out. If not, leave me, leave me !" As he spoke he sunk again into his chair, hiding his face in liis hands. She watched him for some moments in silence, sighing heavily and occasionally wiping her eyes, for she was genuinely affected; but with the firmness of a skilled surgeon, who sympathises with the patient whom it is impossible to spare, since a cruel operation is imperative, she at length spoke again. "You will hear sad truths sooner or later, James; it is better that you should hear them first from me. I want you to under stand, once for all, that it is useless to waste your strength, to break your heart, over what is irrecoverable." "Do you mean Madeline ? I tell you I will find her. If I search the whole world I will find lier." '' And if you do, what then ?" " I will pray to her on my knees to re turn." " Whether she is worthy or unworthy ?" "Margaret, take care! I can't hear one whisper against her!" Margaret's lips tightened, and her surgical manner increased.' "If you will not listen to me," she said, "at least attend to what the world says, these papers were sent under cover to me this morning. It is my duty, James, to bring them to your attention." So saying she handed to him copies of the Plain Speaker and the Whirligig. They had indeed been , sent to lier by an anonymous correspondent, who had taken the trouble to mark tbe obnoxious paragraphs very care fully in red ink. Forster looked at them, and seemed to read iliem in a dazed, stupefied sort of way, and as he did so shudder after shudder ran through his frame. But he evinced less surprise than his sister had anticipated. "Of course, James, you understand these allusions ? Do they refer in any way to your wife ? In any case can you explain them ?" " Yes," he' answered, looking up into her eyes. " They refer to Madeline ?" " I believe so," he answered, rising, " and now—oh, God!—I begin to see what has driven my darling away. She feared some infamous persecution; she dreaded these in fernal slanders; she read these very words. But I will follow her. I will tell her " " James, dear James, listen to me!" "Well, weU!" " Are these insinuations true? Is there any foundation for the statement that—that when you married Madeline there was something dreadful, of which you knew nothing, in lier past life?" "It is a lie!" cried Forster, with strange energy. " She never deceived me—she is in capable of deceit—she is a martyr! Do you think that I doubt her? If you dream so, you little know either of us. She deceived me in nothing." "But there vjas some scandal, and you heard of it?" " Whatever there was I kneio," answered Forster, firmly ; " hut I will not discuss it— it is sacrilege ?" He made a movement as if to leave the room, hut Margaret, who had not yet applied the knife to her own satisfaction, again re strained him. "Are you sure you knew everything?" she demanded, sadly. "Everything, I mean before jour marriage—and after." He turned eagerly, and looked at her, for he saw bv her tone and by the expression of lier face that her words meant more than met the ear. " After our marriage ?" he repeated. "Yes, James. Did Madeline inform you that recently, on two separate occasions, she had meetings with a French gentleman—with the very man, I believe, referred to in these paragraphs ?" " She had not ? No, it is impossible !" " Then she did not tell you ?" "No." "But it is the truth." " It is not the truth—I will never believe It. "I repeat that it is my duty to make you do so," said Margaret Forster. "Dear James, you must believe it—better how thanlateron. There is no smoke without fire—no slander without some foundation in fact. May I tell you all I heard V' She saw that he was at her mercy, and forthwith, in her zeal to protect him againstany further machinations of an iuiworthy woman, she informed him that she had herself wit nessed the meeting with Gavrolles at the Countess Aurelia's, and had seen enough to shock and terrify her exceedingly. Then with a certain amount of nervousness, but no com punction, she admitted that, in duty to her brother, she had afterwards played the spy, and had watched from a distance, next day, the secret meeting at the Albert Memorial in Hyde Park. Forster heard her out with a strange sick ness of heart; and when she had finished he looked at her with a face so wistful, so sorrowful, that she could no longer restrain her tears. " Oh, James," she cried, "forget her. She was never worthy of your love. Think of those who do love you—and of your child." He answered her in a voice hollow but determined— " My first thought must be of her. What ycu have told me confirms me in my opinion she was sinless. Until I find her and ask her forgiveness, I shall not rest. Oh Madeline! my love! my wife." He rushed weeping from the room. Miss Forster remained spell-bound. " Find her, and ask her forgiveness!" She could scarcely believe the evidence of her ears; the idea was so utterly preposterous. Owinjr to the circumstances of the case, it was impossible to advertise for the fugitive in the public journals, in any such way as would lead to her discovery and discomfiture. She had gone away of her own freewill, and any mystery attached to her disappearance was of her own making. To awaken the hue and cry for her by name would have been to 1 set all the bells of slander pealing, and Forster was determined to spare both him self and the woman he loved so utter a humiliation. Nevertheless, he inserted in the "agony" column of the Times a brief appeal, signed " F.," and headed " Queen's Gate," which the initiated only understood._ Then he went, to the head of a private enquiry office, conducted by a firm of ex-detectives, and secured his co operation. " If she's in London, we'll find her, sir," said the chief, a jaunty, military-looking man, with a bald head and French moustache and imperial. " We'll set to work at once. You I say she'd no friends handy V" ' "bone that I am aware of." " Equally sure, I suppose, that there ain't a gentleman in tbe case ? Excuse, me ! All in the way of business, you know." ' " I am quite certain she is alone" "Very good, sir. I'll let you know the moment we hear anything of importance." Forster was going to leave the office when he suddenly recollected, with a shudder, his sister's insinuations as to the mysterious meetings with the Frenchman. With a deep sense of shame, ujhile strongly expressing his own faith in his wife's purity, he explained to the officer what had taken place. That func tionary immediately pricked up his ears, for he saw a ciuc. Could Forster supply him with the Frenchman's name? Forster could not in the spur of the moment, but that after noon he procured it from his sister {who had it noted carefully down for future use, when at the Countess's), and sent it on to the en quiry office. A few days afterwards he was informed, quasi-officially, that the French gentleman in question, M. Gavrolles, was living quietly at his London lodgings, aud though watched day and night, appeared quite innocent of any knowledge of the fugitive's whereabouts. This, we may remark in parenthesis, was literally true. The news of Madeline's flight, which "had, of course, been bruited abroad despite all Forster's precautions, had taken Gavrolles utterly by surprise. The cosmic creature felt himself circumvented, bewil dered. His victim had escaped him for the time being, that was clear, and until she re appeared upon the scene, he could do nothing whatever in the matter. .. One morning, as the chief of the private enquiry office sat waiting for business, there was shown in a gentleman who, after a brief conversation, proved to have come on the very same business already entrusted to the Arm by Forster. He wished the strictest enquiry to be made concerning the where abouts of the missing lady, until she was traced and discovered, when he was at once to receive intimation. "You'll excuse me, sir," said the chief, looking very mysterious, " but may I ask, are you any relation to the lady ?" "None whatever." " A friend, perhaps?" " Scarcely that. I am interested deeply in her fate, however, and if you find out what has become of lier I will pay you hand somely." The chief seemed to reflect deeply. "I don't think you mean any harm, sir," he said presently, " and I can see you're a real gentleman, but you see we have to be careful. Is Mr. Forster a friend of your's ?" "No; I don't think I ever saw lum in my life." "Then of course you can't owe him any grudge ?" " Certainly not. All the harm I wish him is that he may recover his wife, and that they may be happily reconciled." The chief smiled. " Then I don't mind telling you, sir." he said, " that we're instructed already—by the liusband. You can't serve two masters as the saying is, but if we can oblige you in any way without breaking faith to our first employer, we'll do it." " You can keep me informed of your pro gress, and if you are succesful " "Let you know? Well, I think we can promise that. I'll take down your name, if you please, sir." "Eclgar Sutherland," replied the gentle man, adding the address of his club. " Ah, sir," said the officer, "I'm sorry you're not a friend of the poor gentleman's. He really wants a friend. To sec him coming here day after day, as white as a ghost, and liis eyes all wild with crying, almost turned me over, old hand as I am; and the rummest tiling of all is, he won't hear a word, not as much as a whisper, against the lady—though it looks black about her, it really does. Good morn ing, sir! We'll be sure to let you know." Had Sutherland been asked why he occu pied himself so closely with the fate of a woman almost a stranger to him he could hardly have replied. His first chivalrous in terest had grown into a sentimental fancy, that was all; and being a man of very deter mined prepossessions, especially where his great hobby concerning womanhood was con cerned, he had been led on and on from one phase of feeling to another till his interest in Madeline became very like a strong ideal passion. Like all the world, he had heard of her disappearance, and learning her connec tion with Gavrolles he had a pretty shrewd guess at its cause. So he had yielded to his overmastering interest and curiosity, and de termined to make the matter a subject for private, but thorough enquiry. Before many days had passed he received a summons which caused him no little agita tion. The chief wanted to see him at once. Madeline had been discovered, but under circumstances so dreadful that they scarcely dared to communicate them at all to her dis tracted husband.. 