THE SPECTRE POSTMAN. A Dead-Letter Legend. Chapter Q . The ' Immediate ' letter was duly handed in to the Dead Letter branch, and the Postman heaved a sigh of relief, saying, 'Well, that's done with,' and sauntered homewards at the regulation stride, mapping out his plans for increased slowness on the morrow. Whilst deenlv sunk in reverie a wild-eved sailor, who had snatched the reins out of the hands of the tardy cabman, dashed round the corner. The Postman was knocked down and run over. The police arrested the cabman and the sailor, and Jack Bunting found himself in Her Majesty's Gaol with the double charge of furious driving and man slaughter recorded against him, the Postman having died in the hospital before he had time to more than half complete his dying deposition. He, however, within a few moments of his end, con trived to gasp out a few last instructions to be conveyed to the head office as to carrying on the noble work of slow delivery. His last words were ' Thank God, I have never hurried myself. Tell the Deputy-Cbief-Assistant-Bottle-Washer that I hope for his forgiveness in having several times called for my mail-bag before eleven o'clock, and having on one occasion gone by a shorter route than was desirable. But it is now too late. May my successor profit by my repentance.' Chapter R. And now the Postman has become a spectre. Jack is lying in his lonely cell groaning away the weary hours. In the dead of night a red-coated form stands at his side ; strapped over his shoulders is the ghost of the mail-bag he carried in the days of his flesh ! Jack's hair stands on end ! 'What do you want with me?' he asked, in trembling tones. ' I come,' replied the spectre, ' with sad tidings. In life I was a postman, and followed up my instructions to the best of my ability. But on this side everything is reversed. This is my first round, and I am compelled to attend to urgent messages first. I have only been dead a few hours, and yet here I am at work already. The ghosts of letters which I kept late in my earthly career are the first I have to deliver from here. This night I took a letter to your wife, now, alas! married to another. Five minutes ago I appeared beside her pillow and shewed her your letter dated six months ago. She sat up and shrieked, " Lost ! lost !" and fell back in a swoon. But grieve not, the verdict against you will only be wilful murder ; and as you are a stranger and nobody will bail you out you will soon be hanged, and thus be spared the misery of beholding your wife as the wife of another. You will soon be over here; and, as some recompense for my delay in delivering your letter in time to prevent the marriage, I promise to be near you on the scaffold, and will wait around for you when the rope is over your neck and the bolt is drawn. But beware of long struggles. Die as quickly as you can, for I have now, alas ! no time to spend in loitering 1' With these words he turned over his bag of 'Immediate' letters, and, selecting the next for delivery, vanished on his shadowy round. To be continued.) 