Professor Rice. This gentleman gave the first of his truly marvellous exhibitions of his abilities as a mind-reader, exposer of spiritualism, and physiognomist, to a fair audience in the Mechanics' Institute, on Saturday evening. Many were under the impression that the mind-reading was nothing more than trickery, But before the performance was over they were convinced that it was a power possessed by the Professor, who explained that he could not account for it himself. Several of those present endeavoured to puzzle him by hiding small articles, such as a small can, a watch key, etc., but after placing their hands to his (the Professor's) head, he quickly led them to the spot, and brought out the article thought of. In all these instances the Professor was most successful, and proved to everyone that the power of reading the mind actualy exists. He claims that he has mastered the science, and is enabled to see in mental vision what is passing in the minds of other men. This portion of the entertainment entirely mystified the audience, and the per- former received hearty bursts of applause for his success. The other part of the enter- tainment comprised the water and wine trick, which puzzled the audience for a time, but which, when explained by the professor, appeared remarkably simple. He also gave an illustration of the wonderful feats performed by the Davenport Bros., and known as the rope trick, the gentleman who tied the performer to the chair, as he thought securely, was evidently puzzled, on the door of the cabinet being closed, to hear the ringing of bells, the blowing of horns, etc., and on the doors being again opened, the Professor was observed seated, tied as at first. The " ring and handkerchief, tricks" were received with applause and were all to the other marvellous feats of leg (rdc;ntir). During the evening Mrs. (Rie) and Mr. Charles Florence, the well (........) kept the audience in good (ll hu!n tr I,) thir splendid vocalising, (ficrr schitt.dt tiresidmg) at the piano in a creditable (.anrera). Mr. Florence, who is well-known in the district, met with a genuine reception for his excel- lent rendition of "Let Me Like a Soldier Fall, and " Still I Love True," whilst Mrs. Rice was equally successful in the (baillards) which she rendered. Altogether the enter- tainment was most enjoyable, and were at a loss haw to account for the almost super- nateral power exercised by the Professor At the close of ties performance Professor Rice gave the characters of two gentleman a seated before him very correctly which proved him to be a physiognomist of a high order. Last evening the Professor gave another of his interesting entertainments to a large audience, when he explained the mysteries relating to the several tricks he ex- hibited on Saturday evening. He also per- forsed a large number of other marvellous feats, all of which we e cleverly gone through and utterly astounded the audience. His mind-reading was however the principal feature of the entertainment, in which the professor was highly successful and merited will earned applause. The ghosts were satis- factorily produced, and to the amusement of the audience the Professor was seemingly present in the cabinet while veritable ghosts patrolled about the stage and shook hands with several present. The entertainment was much enlivened by the singing of Mrs. Rice and Mr C. Florence, whose efforts met with the vociferous applause which they justly merited. At the close of the perfor- mance the Professor intimated that should he again visit Horsham he would he happy give half of the proceeds to the Hospital or Mechanics' Institute. We trust that ere long we may have the pleasure of again witnessing his marvellous feats. 