• Clni • '{Bt Tom- Tattler.] " Pins, needles, umbri-lla's and t>e&s;'.'formed the'suhjcct 0f a rather fiery discourse the other night at the Club in conjunction with that everlasting topic, the indestractilrility of matter. If you lend an umbrella you must repigri yourself with the fortitude of a saint, to your fate. For you need never expect your umbrella lack, unless like the ghost in Hamlet it comes in such a questioh&Me; shape as to be unrecognisable "and more "Iiolely than righteous," and b« built on the famous pattern ' of that of " Sairey Gamp," Old Bufflcs, however, is o rather puritanic - in his ideas, and thinks that, however slight t'ie peccadillo, justice must be satisfied and punishment . meted out for the offence. Ha holds t.bat "'lis £ sin to steal a pin, But 'tis a greater to steal a 'tater." It has b»en whispered all the week at the Club that there ar« to he '' great works" at the Shire Council meeting on Saturday. ' The motion to- be br,ought forward .by (Councillor Swift seeking to combine the offices of Shire Engineer and Shire Secretary is an important one. If that motion be carried, Mr,. Fisher, will, like Othello, £nd'his occupation ((one, for. howerer admirable a Sewetary he may be— and it is conceded on all hands that he is peculiarly well qualified for the post —it is plain that he has not the professional status of an Engineer, and therefore cannot become a candidate or the position unless he, whilst reeiving the full pay for both offices, undertakes to fi&d; a locum tenens and hus 1 become responsible for the come£e'nti performance of the work. The eeling.of.the .Club is unanimous in r. Fisher's faTour, and, the members hink thit like, Michael Csssio, in reard to his office, he " fills it up with reat ability." Then, there is that interesting little matter, the "Keen-un" Contract This is. a .2ic§.'„lit£le put to crack, ^nd with.this there is.to be something like a veritable pitched battle, for theEngiaeer. takes final leave of the Council altogether on. the Saturday now ensuing, according; to notice given at the last meeting, and this for a time, at least is sure to make "confusion worse,:confounded." But we shall soon see what we shall see, and that •will in all probability-be the beginning of the end of this stupendous medley. In taking a :stroll up one of the streets'pf this big "city, and solacing "myseJf.witfr-a.cigar the other evening, after pjrpfracted; sitting at "The Club," • I- «as "suddenly brought up , fttanding^'by the sounds of a number T Toicps, excitedly"- exclaiming, Silence!__Chair 1" ete. In the belief that a " Scrapping" mntch was gdingion, and-tieing.'niore curious than ea^er.for the fray; I lost no time -in pushing coy way cb rthe front."' There twai •a.gr^t ..crowtfjiMeniMed, And I sxcitadly asked,. Wiat's upT' But' before-I Had titne'to receive an answer three " cusses* rushed at ine, asking in-a suspicious manner, " Will -you JoinT' -Being a man of peaceful instincts, I replied rather nervously, 4To,' my good men,';T'd6 not wish to join.iu any row.", I . was, in fact a little " skeered, 11 and ^perceiving this, tliey kmdly restored, my equanimity by : assuring^ me ttftt thfey" did not wish'me tojoin in any. row, but only wantod :me to-join the.Cricket Clnb. » W« areiholding;'a meeting. It will rfnrly cost jou fivelioW said they. • I left gteatly relieved,; and forked out the >vs<{uisite ampubti ^lad enough to make But it was: some time>bfefpt'e I -conld',bring myself to Wji'teally wanted"^ forHh^iOricket'Clu.lkV. • siUwi: . . ' . * With a sweet smile,on hu ruby lips, a Mltitir , whichi{t"Up.b!0:tnanIy brow, ttnid'disclolS »?r6w of tiseth-of- pearly .^MtiifW .y^'llialcnlated to-injpress one iwith a'fine seiisp ofthe nobility of the manV he said in his sweetest and mpst f^inattng ton'ft,' " I will join you «gain ini.about jfat mipu.tea.", And he 'Btraightrsvay'depirted, leaving a couple of ladies impatienily awaiting his :return../H^?ha3'* promised to -procure i .boat^', a)id'ih:tme. gondola fashion, to whU& ; awfty 'a pleaaa'nt iiour on the bosom '6f the"wttere Of-''-our beautiful which would tp,ao. imuctuWPre Enhanced by the aweatsocietynof'V.lovtly; Woman.". But as the sequel proved' to," was in . the p^tlSt; ^thViian '-"double . business bound!" pausing where-he should Shfcbeginr"He.i«d'notproceftdi'il,up ihe'street'fariwhen-hevWM'joined by once ..tiaok ifor.i«cwMfcAnd all the •<3iie' 1 "ther lad?Ufhe*ad first, met and jpiy^j^i''. - . isaiftogi'! jootf risen faigh up .ifi the cerulean pky, and the Srst ladies Vhos&,patience wasnow ^luilutjB: their way home./. JT^ey'^"liacli.however, not proneeded Jbree piices, when'the quickest j and uiDBt .TOSceptilile ;'of the damsels Aiiiit'a^H^ ffi^' 1 ?®^®' wide^ and fell into the "arths of •the other;' ' She had^oOuJd she believe heT'fewii eyes-^isspi^d the"gay Iiothario• wikiiig ®bout-;^ab,a.jiOthef ^rl f This iiihuman'natnreibpt tojjo ;.tiia. ehterprisingiOhap^- .jMiice, it' must be' ii^ifcdthat hq^was itij ;,the position of ^p^Mcti^h^n'thfe. song--f: (".Hojr'iiafpy,S)uld,X,lie,inth either, Wefet'other'.dearcharnier away. 1-, Woso Voiing Isd.iss aust Jiiyi reoeived'a toiiribie ftight.the .jotter day," when theiy stepped over a larg^s snake cnthe bankt.tif the river .Goulburn .w^tWot Wjic^;.,th® ifln^ j That -was a smart visitation that Buffles and I witnessed on Sunday afternoon, when great consternation was ftlt by those ladies and gentlemen who were boating on Sunday last on the lsgoon, when a wind storm of roat violence swept over them, and tossed the boats as well as the pleasure seekers into thick piles of rushes There were many collisions with snags but no lives were lost, due (atone time) to the timely appearance of a man in a small canoe who took many of the crew cn Rhore while the vessel was being released from a large rock. If they did not iunite patiently orr sit steadily in the boat, they would have ffone dovme without obtaining help from Imnnty body. In view of the annual elections of the Shire Council the Club's deliberations will assume a shape which is intended to ascertain how. 'it is that nothing is being done towards securing us some good public buildings worthy of the name, like those of Shepparton and other places. We ire not to be "le.ftoutin the cold" entirely, and' as we have now only to ask in time to receive—such is the view at headquarters—it follows that -we: .have merely to state our case to the Government at the proper time in order to obtain a grant for these purposes, 1'Anlc and ye shall receiveis , really all that was necessary, but for some mysterious reason we are above asking. We expect the Government says Buffles) to run after us, and' with tears iu their eyes implore us to receive a grant of money for the ereetion of a noble pile of public of buildings such as would be an ornament to the town and a credit to the district; As Captain Cuttle would 1 say this is a fact which '' when found, make a note of," and at the next elections, parliamentary and local, bear these and one. or two other matters wellin mind. ... 