The Crown Jewels op France AftE shortly to be brought to the liammur. The'collection is of great historical interest, and <contains among&t; other .precious • objects, the" Brotlic dfl ^^fcliquaire,,' com posed of diamonds cut in France at the time when the art was' first practised, and now worth between two and three thous and pounds; a sword valued at ten thous and pounds, and the celebrated diamond known as the " Regent," one of the largest in the world, formerly estimated to be worth four hundred and eighty thousand pounds. It is hardly likely that the stone would now find any bidders at such a price ; and the probability is 'tbat- should-it'be put up to auction, it would be bought in lather than sofd for® 'comparatively trifl ing sum, perhaps to'forni the chief attrac-1 tioninsomeexhibition, Theother diamonds sire estimated at ten or twelve millions of francs— between'five and six hundred thousand pounds—and are -for the most part without historic value or any particu lar artiBtic merit. The " Brodie du Heli quaire " just mentioned, a watch presented by the DaytJf Algiers to Louis XI"V.,and a collection of decorations presented by foreign-sovereigns to the Kings of France, worth in the aggregate not more than eight thousand pounds, are to be retained and placed for exhibition in the gallery of Apollo,1 at the Louvre, while the rest are to be brought to the hammer unless the Commission, on the second visit of inspec tion which it proposes to make, recom mend that.the sale should not take place. ■Few'nations, can boast of a more magnifi cent collection of crown'jewels than France and although, with 'the exception of the " Regen*,," this does not includo 'any very large or celebrated diamonds, it is "especi ally rich in 'these precious stones. The. .present proposed sale of the French Crown Diamonds will not be the first occasion on which they have] come into the market. ] In 1776, two-years after the King's in ventory had been made, 1,471 of the dia monds were sold, producing a sum of 75,000,000f., or £3,000,000 sterling. Subsequent papers state that nearly all this sum was expended in fresh purchases of diamonds and in re-setting the other jewels ; but there is little doubt that the Kingn necessities and other secret-service expenses swallowed up a considerable part of the proceeds of the sale. The inventory o: 1791 consists of three hundred pages. Tho first entry is the " Regent," a superb stone of great brilliancy, weighing over 136 carats, and valued at twelve million francs. The other, entries including dia mentis, Miscellaneous .'jewels, pl&te;, &c.;,' aHiouilttoihcruspectiiblcsuniof 20,890,0 OOf ■francs, or nearly .£1,200,000 sterling.' The money, supposing the sale of .jewels'' to realise the same ^mojnt, would be! worth twice as much nt the present day ; but it must be remembered that, owing to the discoveries which modern enterprise and science have mude posijiiile, there is some doubt as to how long diamonds wiil retain their ficticious value. It is, no doubt, a pity that so va'uable and historic a collection shouid be dispersed, but if the French nation do not care to let so large a sum of money He idle, and millionaires elsewhere can be found to purchase the rich and antique gems, no one has cause to | complain. I The Skyro, which arrived from Ade laide at 7 o'clock on Saturday morning, in cluded amongst her passengers -Captain Berry, of the shipwrecked barque Romeo, his wife, two children, and crew of the barque, numheriog'19 in all, having been taken on board the Skyro on Thursday, at Gabo Island. Captain Berry, who appears to be very much depressed over the loss of his vessel, has ma'de successful voyages- in her for the past three-and a-half.years, the lasfbeing to Lytt6l ton (N.2I.) whence he re turned to Hamburg. 'From an abstract of this voyage he supplies the following par ticulars :—" We left Hamburg for Syd ney on October 2(5; with a crew consisting principally of Germans and Norwegians. It is not o£ much interest now to give an outline of the voyage out. Suffice to say we crossed the Equator on December 5, and the meridian of the Cape on January '5. Unsteady weather was experienced in running down the easting, which was done between the parpllels of 45- and 46- S. Nothing of importance tianspircd until about 2 o'clock on Tuesday morning. At midnight I consulted the chart, as it looked squally on the weather quarter, the second mate being in charge of the watch at the time. When I came up on deck again at 12 o'flouk, I noticed on the port bow, and 1 asked the second mate whether'it -was rising or passing-away, aiid^'n'said it°was passing away. Therefore, las we thought it to bee fog-bank, we kept-on the same course- till- about <12.I'd ; end I'could not convince myself otherwise than that it "was a fog bank from the manner in which "it Altered its position. Then £ came to the conclusion to alter her course from Sr.E,'by E. and keep her up N.E., reckon ing at the time that were 20 miles from band* "'We kept that course until, to my 'ititenee horror and surprise,, We struck at two. o'clock. There was a sfi&lit;'swell on dt'ttie time, and we then noticed ~a white foam'breaking on the land which I took to'bae a fogbank. She commenced thump 'ing very heavily, and we started to get the boats out at once, getting provisions into them, and wo kept •alongside for a little while. Presently, however, -some of the hands expressed fears that -thn masts would fall, and we got away. We tried to fetch up at Gabo Island, having-aband oned the ship at 4.30, and we were in the bo;its from that hour until 5.30 in-the evening, when we lauded at the beach ou Boston Point. We 'left at 8.3o on the ■following morning, auH readied Gabo at 2 o'clock in tile afternoon." Such was th i brief narrative given to our reporter upon the arrival of the Skyro, and his account of the mishap is corroborated by the steward and others. Any further detailed can only be elicited at the Marine Boarn inquiry. The men of the crew were all taken to the Sailors' Home alter break fast were they will be attended to. Comic Opera by Telephone,—The adaptability of the telephone to the- enjoy ments of social lifewas- illustrated'in a very .practical manner the other evening at the Hote1, Bristol, Burlington Gardens. By 'the kind permission oi Mr. A. Henderson a couple of'transmitters were lnid on at the Comedy Theatre, by which a nume rous-company assembled in Burlington 'Gardens were enabled to hear " The Mas cotte "with almost equal gratification to that enjoyed by the denizens of stalls or dress cir:le. In the room at the hotel there were 32 receivers which were capable of being utilised by 64 persons at one time. The affect was little short of startling to a listener unacquainted with .the magical wonder-working power of this latest ad dition to scientific marvelg. fhe trans mission ef tire choruses was -wonderfully •faithful, although a slight allowance had occasionally to be made'for the preponder ance of 'the orchestral accompaniments. Individual utterances were conveyed with startling verisimilitude, thelistner involun (arily turning round to see1 if Mr. Lionel Brough were declaiming at his elbow,, -in-, instead o'f being actually half a mile away f join the scenei The stance was organ ised by the United Telephone Company, which established exchanges between-some ■1400 persons, who express unqualified 'satisfaction at the great practical advan tages which they have derived from the use of the telephone for busines purposes. The G&asgow; 'Industrial School Scandal.—"Proof was laid in the Glasgow Sheriff Court yesterday in the action at the instance of Archibald Park on behalf of his daughter, Mary Jane Park, against Jessie H. Wallace, matron of Lochburn Industrial school, claiming £50 damages for the alleged ill-treatment of the girl during her stay in the school. Janet Bun tine, a girl of fifteen, was the first witness. She deposed that Miss Wallace one day in August last-gave the girl Park thirteen lashes. Miss Wallace mext piffled the Clothes offHbe girl,land aguin'fiojrged her, giving her about tifty 'blows "Altogether-, Her body particularly the left side, Was all red flesh. -Park asked for a drink of water, saying she was dying. Mibs Wal lace, instead of -giving the girl water, dashed it in her face, and ordered'her to get a spray bath. Dr. Johnston deposed that the marks on the girl's person were strong proofs of undue severity. He was not surprised that the flogging produced in the girl a depressed state of mind. To put a girl under a spray bath for ten minutes after a severe flogging was gross inhumanity. The defendant said that of 220 girls in the school Park was the worst behaved. The spray bath was used for sanitary purposes. The girl was not purposely Hogged naked, but in the strug gle her clothing fell off. Judgement was deferred, Outrages tN Iredand.—(From the "Pall Mall 'Gazetts," January 6.)— The search for the process-server Haddy who went into the Joyce country, country Galway, along with his grand son to serve notices on Tuesday, and has not since been heard of, was con ! tinued yesterday, but without success. A telegram from Limerick states that 100 tons of hay, the property of a farmer named Purcell, was set on fire on Wednesday night. Purcell had paid his rent. He will claim £400 compensation. A large rick of hay belonging to a tenant at Killenaule has also been destroyed by fire. The tenant had arranged terms with his landlord. An attempt was made on Wednesday night to upset the 6.30 p.m. mail train from Tralee to Limerick. A large boulder was placed on the rails near jBnniemore, where the line crosses the public road, but no harm ensued beyond a Blight shock to the passengers. Mr. Plunkett, provincial magistrate, was travelling by the train on an offi cial tour of inspection. "No Rent" notices have been posted in the districts •around Loughrea. They are printed •in bold type, and threaten death'to any person payitog rent or entering the land court until the release of the suspects. 'No Bent' placaids were also found posted yesterday at Knockarra and Mullough village,. West Glare, signed by " Captain Moonlight.", Notices signed " Captain Moonlight" were also posted up yesterday at Farranshone, near Limerick, stating that "when England declare! war against Ireland the people should have revenge by pay ing no rents; and those who would not pay would assist in making Ireland free, while those who would pay would have a life of slavery, and were doomed •to death." At Maryborough yesterday five men were committed ior trial • on the charge of murdering a .-young man named Rogers, who was serving writs in the neighbourhood on -December 3. The prisoners were identified by a man who officiates as process-server and a water bailiff, who says he was in hiding and saw the murder committed. A man named Walsh was found guilty at the Cork assizes yesterday, of having taken part in a midnight raid, by which a tenant was compelled to give up pos ■sessibn of his farm. -Sentence was de ferr^L A witness, who, at a former hearing, swore that he identified the prisoner, and now withdrew his state ment,was ordered to bo prosecuted for perjury. Bodies of soldiers-are actively employed in various localities where Land League hunts or raids on game preserves are expected. In county Cork they are engaged in protecting sheriff's officers who are enforcing ■eviction -processes. A large force of (constabulary., numbering between 50 fond 60, together With the detachment of the 9th Hegiment,. made a search fee arms yesterday in the neighbourhood of Killaloe. Musical Fisn.—That some fish make an approach to vocal peif.irmances emit ting tones was . known to Aiistotlp, who specifies six different kinds. The family of the Maijres (Scieenidoc) arc funious for the sounds they make on being drawn from the water, and also when remaining in it. These fish are l emarkabie for the size and complicated structure ef their air-ttladders, which, however, in many iustances seems i to have no external -openings; and great cavernous recesses existing in the crania of many, it has been suggested'that these abuses may afford the true explanation of the phenomena. In some of the genera they are more striking than in others; and one of the most remarkable, the Pegonia (of the Maigre family) liali acquired the popular name of 'drum fish. 'The sounds seem to-rary widely in their character an'd toues, and 'are described in different, not to -say "important, terms, being designed ■soinitimes as dull kummiugs, at other *times sharp whistlings and frequently as the fishes song. It has sometimes been supposed that they are uttered -by the rnsles alone, and the fishermen by imitat ing them ean frequently collect a troop of the'fishes around them. The boatmen, also, by putting their cars to tlie gunwale of their boat can often really perceive the ^sounds, through at the depth of 20 fathoms and thus guided can successfully cast their nets and procure a draught. Lieutenant •White, of the American service, in his Voynge to the China Seas,*' published in 1834, relates -that 'being at'tfae mouth of the Cambodia, his crew aud'himself were .greaily astonished by hearing certain unaccouutable sounds 'from beneath the vessel. These were various, like the bass notesjof an organ, the sound of bells, the croal ing ot frogs, and a pervading 'twang whieh the imagination might have attributed to the vibraotins of some enor mous harp. For a time the mysterious rausio swelled upon them, and finally formed a universal chorus all around, but as the vessel ascended the river the sounds diminished in streugth and soon altogether caused. Humboldt was witness to a sim lar oecurrencc in the South Seas; but With-' out suspecting the cause. Towards raven in the evening the whole crew -were' astounded by an -extraordinary -noise which resembled that of drums 'which Were beating in the air. It -was first attributed to the breakers, speedily it ■■was heard in the vessels, an'd especially towards the poop.. It was like a boiling the noise of the air tfhich escapes from ;fluid in ebullition. The sailors began to fear thpre was some lcakiu the vessel, and finally about 8 o clock, it ceased altogether. The interpreter belonging to 'Lieutenant White's ship stated that the marine music which had so much surprised the crew was produced by fishes of a flattened, oval form, which possessed tho faculty of adher ing to various bodies by their -mouths. This fish might have been the Pogonia.— " Philadelphia Telegraph." Ik Eussia the Pan-Slavic agitation is being steadily maintained, and General Skobeloff's speech has been received with enthusiasm. The Russian press teems with articles inciting tho Slavs to rebellion against Austria. Sir William Harcourt's reply to the London. School Board's inquiry about the steps to be taken by the Home Office with regard to the St. Paul's Industrial Schodl scandal has been pubiished. He says be has received from the Piiblic Prosecutor " a report, stating that the evidence would not support any criminal cliargo," anil that "consequently no criminal proceedings can be instituted." This leaves the matter in a very unsatisfactory state to everyone but the " independent " members of the School Board, whom a good many- people still credit with disinterested zeal for the' public in theii noisy talk about some real and some pretended abuses.. It is so far well, however, tlmt the Home Secretary promises that a Royal Commission shall be appointed to inquire into " the whole system upon which reformatory tind indus trial schools are established and adminis tered.'"' That commission cannot get'to Work too soon, or do its work too carefully. ■ Monsieur has latterly been asserting ■himself at the Parisian bonnet shops, at the hosiery establishments, and -at the boot marts, as well as at the modiste^ This .social resurrection of man afters long period of entombment under the counters of shops where woman used to hold Undisputed sway is producing re markable effects, for man takes bolder flights than woman, and lie evidently troubles himself vety little about the comfort of the fasbirfiis which he starts ro long as they be startling and costly. It is not surprising that after liaVing'loaded ball dresses with beads and bugles;till it t ecame impossible to dance in them, he should have applied the same ornaments with no unsparing hand to silk stockings. The other morning we noticed in oi,e of the wintlows oi tlie .ftue de la Paix three pairs of Stockingsipmk, virgin-gold, and black—vi'hich were cuirassed with -beads up to knee, -starting from the point where the clocks used to be worn. The black ones were advertised rite, Grand dtuil, or deep mourningi His Royal Highness EJirabet Somdetja 'Phra Paraminfhra, the King of Siam, will in a short time be the possessor of one of the finest specimens of decorative art as applied to the manufacture of glass which was ever made in this country. Messrs. Osier, of London and Birmingham, have now on view at 100 Oxford Street a grand plateau, 56 feet long, to extend the whole length of a diiiing-table, made of -looking glass, with, space for a border of cut or growing flowers, and beautifully ornament ed with glass plaques and the arms of the King in the same material. Upon this stand Moorish temples enclosing fountains which j"Jay with-e, pleasant silvery souii'd, receptacles 'fjr iferns and desseft-dfshes, with'elegant candelabra here and there, while the whole being of the finest and purest material it has a very dazzling effect Ihe Orientals are, we know, accustomed to magnificence, but when the' Ctourt of Siam sees this beautiful work, more especially when it .is lit up at night, it will doubtless marvel at the perfection of our ■manufactures and the artistic taste dis played in the decoration of our tables: Horsemanship is scarcely 'the correct term to apply to an -extraordinary perfor mance reported by -our Hungarian con temporary ; deermanship would probably b: the more appropriate word. The other day, while a noble stag of len was-being hotly chased by the Kaposztasuiegyerer hounds—a subscription pack—one Karl Poros, a discharged hussar, managed to bring the terrified animal to a standstill in some close cover through which it was forcing its way, and by an almost super human effort of strength and agility, to vault upon its back. After several des perate but -unsuccessful attempts to dis lod0e its rider from hrs seat, the stag, stimulated anew to flight by the ci-y of the fast-approaching hounds, resumed Its course but it soon broke down under the weight of its unaccustomed burden and gave up the ghost through sheer exhaustion and terror. Poros—at least, so the story goes —was found by the huntsmen sitting on the unwounded carcase of the stag, which he had literally ridden to death and re solutely claimed as the just reward of an achievement unprecedented in the annals ■ ef the chase. | Jn our last we gave an interesting story of an artist's model. Hpre is another :— The model chosen for Henner's " Idylle " was a young girl of eighteen, who had run away from her home in Brittany, and had, weat ied of. the monotony of serving the customers who frequented her father's cabaret, come up to Paris to seek her fortune. She was a. superb-girl, and her striking beauty was remarked by the ■persotis -who -lived at the. hotel n£ar flie station where she had alighted. She was persuaded to sit as a model, and she had more than an ordinary sha:e of success. She filled the studio with gay songs and quaint old Bretcn " Noels," stopping from time to time to take up a chair with her teeth and carry it triumphantly round the room. Some six months after her arrival in the capital Paris had taken hold of her, her fresh' cblou'r had placed, her eyes were drawn round with dark circles, and she had a cough which announced that her chest was affected. She left the studio, and Henner regretted her. Some six mouths afterwards a carriage drove up to •the door of the stuidio, and 'out stepped itbe former -model.magnificently■ dressed. She-told the pa'hter fhat slie lmu married a rich Italian-count, who wanted to. .have the portrait of his wife executed by some 'famous artist, and that ihe had 'thought of him. The order was given and execut ed, too soon, alas, for Henner, who was delighted with the gay conversation of his model. A Iondon telegram of the .22nd Feb ruary, saysOwing to the:recent retire ment of Mr. Sullivan, Mr. Michael Davitt, who was recently released from gaol on account of ill health after a long incarceration, was to-day returned for Meath. without opposition. Valacble Discovehy roE THE Haik.—If your hair in turning groy or ivliito, or tailing off use Tlio Mexican Hair Reuewor,' for it will positi vely restore in evert/ case Grey or White hair to its original colour, without leaving the disagreeable smell of most ' Restorers.' It makes the hair charmingly beautiful as well as promoting the growth of the bail- on bald spots where the gland e are not decayed. Ask your chemist for' The Mexican Hair Renewmi," sold by Chemists and Perfumers everywhere at 3s. fid per Bottle. Whole ■ Bile deport removed to 83 Fiivl'iugdon Road IlOttdOD, 