PASTORAL LETTER. The following letter from His Lordship the Roman Catholic Bishop of Adelaide was read in all the Catholic Churches in the colony on Sunday morning, April 16:— The Pastoral Letter of Christopher Augustine, by the Grace of God and favour of the Holy Apostolic See, Bishop of Adelaide, to the Clergy and Laity of the Diocese. Health and lreuediction in the Lord. Dearly Beloved in Christ— Ever mindful of the trust given by our Blessed Saviour Jesus Christ to the successors of St. Peter, our Holy Pather Leo XHL desires to bring the saving tidings of salvation to the poor benighted tribes of Africa, South America, and Northern and Central Australia. To these portions of our vast colony vve wish to call your attention, and to seek your cbarity iu aid of the new mission about to he established for the poor neglected aborigines. We hare ever felt it as a reproach that nothing had been done in this Diocese for those poor souls " who are in darkness and in the shadow of death." We do not mean to attach blame to those who hare gone before us, for we are well aware that the heart of the Venerable Francis Murphy, first Bishop cf this Diocese, was often moved to establish a special mission for the evangelization of the tribeB of this colony, of the efforts he made in the Tatiara dis trict. and of his endeavours to secure missionaries for the work. The exodus of our people consequent on the opening of the gold- fields of Victoria soon frustrated all his hopes of undertaking the work, but on his death-bed he prayed that the mission would not be forgotten. From time to time some thing was attempted, bnt the demands of the new settlements were so pressing on the limited staff of Sriests that very little was accomplished; but from re success of the late Father Henterocker's little mission near Clare we had every reason to hope that much could be done had we an organized hand of missionaries to continue the good/work. Whilst, however, thiB Diocese had not been fortu nate in the efforts made, the Church in the other Australian Dioceses was signally blessed in the establishment of missions to the natives. That of Moreton Bay, under the Passionist Fajthers, Maurice Lensionl and Joseph Snell, had done much until their efforts were frustrated by the selling of the land adjoining the settlement, when, alas 1 the "white man's habits and selfishness.brought de struction in their wake." The organisation of the Spanish Benedictines in Western Australia, under the auspices of the Mgr. Brady, first Bishop of Perth, has been blessed with the most consoling results. Bishop Budesendo Salvado has brought the native missions of Victoria Plains to such a state' that it warrants us in the hope of the like success where settlements are made for mission purposes far away from the influences of settlers, who too often by their sad example blight the efforts of the most zealous and self-sacrificing missionaries. In March, 1846, Bishop Brady was apDointed Vicar-Apostolic of the settlement at Port Esslngton.: He sent Father Angelo Confalioneri, together with the Catechists, Messrs. James Fagan and Nicholas Hogan, to attend to the spiritual wants of the settlers, and to establish a Native Mission in that country which now forms our Northern Territory. The vessel was unfortunately wrecked off Torres Straits. Father Confalioneri and the captain were the sole survivors of that expedition. For three years this holy missionary laboured single-handed for the poor natives. He has left much valuable information about their capacity for instruction, and the prospect of an organized effort for their civilization. He fell a victim to bis hard labours in 1849, and with him ended the mission of Port Essington. The appointment of a Bishop, it is true, was made for Port Essington in 1854, out the Home Government decided upon the abandonment of that settlement, and the Bishop and party were destined for other fields of labour. We have ever felt, dearly beloved in Christ, a peat interest in the Native Mission of North and Central Australia. The reports of the various noble explorers sent out by this colony since 1859 have impressed us more and more with our responsibility to make some effort for the poor neglected abori gines. In our recent visit to Borne we met the venerable missionary, the Bev. Duncan McNab, whose labours have been so fruitful in the colony of Queensland. His reports of the visits made to the confines of our colony towards the centre of the continent not only endorse all that others have written of the tribes, but give the additional as surance that a mission awaits the Church in that portion of our pastoral care. With the band of priests heretofore at our disposal we could not think of undertaking such a work. After long and prayerful consideration the Vicar of Christ exhorted us to make an effort to secure aid from some of the religiour Orders to help us in this work. He pray ing at the same tiine that " God might bless the undertaking, and reward those who would aid us spiritually and temporally in so holy an under taking for the greater glory of God and the salva tion of souls." We . rejoice, therefore, in making known to you tbat God has graciously blessed the beginning of our efforts. The Fathers of the Society of Jesus have taken up the mission ; nay, more, that the Diocese of Adelaide is singularly favoured in having from its priesthood those who are so willing to sacrifice themselves for an undertaking so full of labour and trials. The Very Bev. Antony Strele, who has laboured so piously in this Diocese for the past fourteen years, is appointed the Superior of the New Mission. The Bev. John E. Niebaur, the zealous pastor, of St. Mark's, Port Plrie, has also been accepted for the work. In the steamship Amalfi we expect the Bev. John Francis O'Brien, a native of our City of Adelaide, together with two young Australians, who have also engaged for the said holy work of our Native Mission. We are not, dearest brothers in Christ, unmindful of the exceptions that some may take to this effort to bring the graces of our holy religion to the poor neglected savage; nor of the cry of the " many calls made for the establishment of our churches, con vents, and Bchoolsnor the unfavourable seasons from which we have been suffering—the recent visi tation of a portion of the North has familiarized us with the severe trials by which a number of our people have been afflicted; nor are we insensible to specious pretexts made use of, to try and justify our neglect of those poor souls to save whom Jesus Christ Our Lord died. Such motives and reason ings, how specious soever we may think them, will not stand at His judgment seat. Let us not, there fore, be deceived by them in neglecting a duty in cumbent upon us as a Christian people. We, therefore, confidently appeal to your charity, and ask your aid to establish this Mission; our con fidence is from God, who has begun the good work, and will bring it to a happy completion. We are confident, because we appeal to you "iu the name of Jesus Christ Our Lord. If you have much, give abundantly ; if hut little, give also a little. The outfit of the missionaries, passages, farming implements, Arc., necessary for a settlement, will bo at once required, as it is desirous to start ere the rainy season sets in. We purpose, for somewhile, at least, to make the neighbourhood of Port Darwin a centre of operation, then towards the Ledwick River, and thence we hope to keep communication with the Mission of Western Queensland, which Slaces are looked upon as good centres of the tribes. :ut this is a mere preliminary plan, that circum stances may cause to he changed as soon as the Missionaries enter on their work. To meet these requirements we direct by these letters Very Bev. ana Bev. brethren of the Clergy to arrange for a collection at each of the Masses in their respective churches and school chapels on the third Sunday after Easter, feast of the patronage of St. Joseph, and ask them also to appoint collectors to receive the names as well as the alms of the faithful, that the names of such benefactors may be kept in the records of the mission for the evange lization of the aborigines. We direct these letters to be read in all the churches on Low Sunday and following Sunday, in those places where it may be necessary, and request the clergy to aid our efforts by explaining the ' M si " " nature of such undertaking, and exhorting their flocks to almsgiving. Our Holy Father, Pope Leo, has sent us a special benediction on the new work. May the Grace of our Lord Jesus be with you, and the charitv of the Holv Ghost. Amen. t CHRISTOPHER AUGUSTINE, Bishop of Adelaide. Octave of the Resurrection of Our Saviour, 1832. 