LADIES' NEWS-LETTER. [From our Lady Correspondent.] London, November 3. Practically and theoretically history is for ever repeating itself. On the occasion of the recent visit of their Royal Highnesses the Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh to Bristol, Uic weather being wet and the pavements muddy, a loyal municipal officer, like another Jlaleigb, gallantly dragged off his overcoat and laid it down as a carpet for her grace to walkover. Transatlantic photographers seem inoapable of printing off sufficient portraits of the English celebrities now starring in America, judging by the fact that the London Stereoscopic Company have supplied for dis tribution in America not fever than 200,000 photographs of BrTml.tmn Patti and Mrs. Langtry, probably the largest order of the kind ever given er executed. The inh^iiifayita of the New World are as enterprising in one way as another, and always to the fore. A company of Americans thrown into the en forced society ol each other improved tha occasion by turning a large luggage ran into a temporary ball-room, in which "*"^-?"e was kept up during the whole of the journey. Music and refreshments were somehow im provised, in picnic fashion, and so the time passed quickly and agreeably away. How different this from the heavy stolidity charac teristic of the ordinary British traveller, who usually endeavors to shorten the wearisome hours of protracted tiavel by sleep, or with proverbial taciturnity wraps himself up in an impenetrable cloak of reserve, and resents the smallest overtures of sociability on the part of fellow-voyagers as an impertinence that cannot be too strongly set down. While the fate of Arabi hangs in the balance interest concerning him is baturally keen, and curiosity rife as to his personal character and domestic tics, no less than as to his former political relations. The mother of the rebel pasha is described as an old woman with white hair, simply dressed in a woollen petticoat and blue cotton jacket. Te an interviewer she is reported to have said, " I am only an old fellah woman:" to another, with true maternal pride, and as if the re lationship ennobled her, she added, " but I am Arabi's mother," touchingly observing they were happier in the old days, when her son was not in power. Afterwards shacoa'd not sleep till he came home, even feelingC* necessary to take the precaution to lock up the water he drank lest it should be poisoned. From Lady Gregory's letter to the Times I extract the following passage, which will be interesting enough to account for its inser tion :—"The sole furniture of the reception room of Arabi's wife consisted of several hard divans, covered with brown linen, and a tiny table with a crochet antimacassar thrown over it On the whitewashed wails the only ornaments were portraits of him in black wooden frames, and one larger photo graph of the 'Sacred Stone of Mecca.' In vie chamber where Arabi himself sat and received there was a similar hard diran, two or three chairs, and an inkstand covered withjstains." The writer of the letter goes on to say—" Arabi's wife has a pleasant, intelligent expression, but having hve chil dren alive out of the fourteen which have been born to her, looks rather overcome by the cares of maternity. She wore a long dress of green silk—' My husband hates long trains,' she said, ' and would like to take a knife and cut it off, bat I any I must have a fashionable dress when I go to visit the Kcdhive's wife and other fashionable ladies.'" The meal provided for the guests consisted of boiled chicken and broth, followed by force meat balls, rice, vegetables, pastry, and several native dishes in abundance. Lady Gregory further remarks that the hostess lamented the short notice that had been given of the visit, and said that if she had known in time she would have have had a cow killed. Two of Arabi's children (girls) waited on the visitors, and brought the water for them to wash their hands in. Ihc curious in such matters have been sorely exercised to know why that charming woman, talcntcdanthorew,andintrepid travel ler. Lady Florence Dixie, never attends that shibboleth of the ?aristocracy. Her Majesty's drawing-rooms. Sinister rumors, prejudicial to this spirited woman, having been circu lated, she takes the trouble to account for her absence from them—a voluntary one as it turns out. Lady Dixie affirms that, in ignor ance of the court rule, which enjoins that no lady shall present herself before the Queen's majesty unless she conforms to certain sump* tuaiy laws, aheattended her firstdra wing-room without the indispensible plumes and lace, and a more glaring misdemeanor still was that she wore her hair short like a boy's. The Lord Chamberlain subsequently fl^HMMiiflh^ this lady in respect of her shortcomings, re questing for the future that she would observe the conditions set down in die code of etiquette. Preferring her own independence to the passing honor of viewing her sovereign's face in an occasional crush at Buckingham Palace, Lady Dixie declined to conform. She continues to wear her locks a few inches in length, eschews lappets and feathers, and feels more at home in her saddle, ridingcross legged over tropical plains or well-nigh im penetrable tracts of territory, than she would 3 tricked out in court dress storming a barri cade of her aristocratic contemporaries, in a futile attempt to reach the guarded precincts of the presence chamber. AmM all the i*nthn^i wn which awaited the return of the hero of the war no welcome could have been so sweet to General Wolseley as that of his wife and little daughter, who stoodon the Dover pier weeping joyous tears over the safety of, and the reunion with, a beloved husband and father. I believe the agents of Madame Tussaud have secured some of the spoil taken at Tel el-Kiber, which is .now on view at her rooms in Baker-street. _ ? Madame Adelina Patti's i r?.vMHTig im pedimeatia is almost equal in bulk to that of M?ifatm? ftm^ii Bernhardt, which caused the Custom- house officials so much trouble when thatlady landed at New York a year or more ago. The famous prima donna's luggage con sisted of forty trunks, and she was accom panied by two maids, one of whom had lived in Adelina Patti's service for more than twenty years. An amusing anecdote anent the Bishop of Sodcr and Man is going the round of society. During a recent journey by rail his lordship requested a porter to look after his luggage. "How many articles?' quoth the official. "Thirty-nine," replied the prelate, with a humorous glance—not daring to say a wink— at his compagnon-de-voyage. "That's too many, I am afraid," said the company's ser vant, in'perfect good faith. " Oh," said the bishop, " I perceive yon are a Dissenter." A society has recently beep formed for the purpose of prosecuting physical research, and one of its first acta ia to invite information concerning what we are accustomed to call spirit manifestations and ghost stories gene rally. It is thought close investigation of the facts or fancies relating to supernatural appearances will result in the abolition of these time-honored visitants. It is consis tently believed that the mysterious sounds generally attributed to immaterial agencies can be reasonably acconnted for. In short, the members of the society desire all persons to assist them in airing the subject as much as possible, anticipating that thorough venti lation will serve to disestablish ghosts, or rather disprove their existence. When the Earl of Airlie died some months back, the story of the fateful "drummer boy" who never fails to herald the death of the head of that noble house was related in nearly every current society journal. Almost every ancient family has its traditional spectre, as firmly believed in as the heir's right to the family estates. The little old lady of Berkley Castle, Gloucestershire, the banshee of the OTieills, these are only examples of prevail ing and king-established belief in the super natural, a belief that hitherto neither ridi cule, education, nor the light of science have been able to root out of the hearts of many persons, alike remarkable for sound common sense and entire freedom from, the nervous sensibility that is apt to work upon the ima gination of its possessors. To those who believe in omens it most have seemed an ill one that the American theatre, in which Mrs. Langtry was to have made her debut, should have been burned to the ground withinavery few hours of her intendedappear* ance, Fortunately Mrs. Langtry's costly thea trical wardrobe had not been sent in advance, otherwise it must have been destroyed like the stage effects and properties of less for tunate actors and actresses who are on the general staff. A contemporary remarks that ever since the exodus, the Hebrews have never ceased to crave for the flesfapots of Egypt. The Roths childs are the virtual owners of a considerable portion of the fertile land in the region of the Kile, their share in Egyptian bonds being popularly estimated at £12,000,000; and by nice calculation some one hasdjscovered that the yearly income of Baron Wilhelm Boths child is abont £28 per hour, or nine shillings per minute. Though vast as the sum thus represented is, in New York there are a few private individuals whose fortunes are far in excess of the almost incredible wealth of the prince of financiers. The art of chiromancy is a revived study that is exciting a good deal of attention just now. It is announced that Alexander Dumas is anxious to become a proficient in this occult science. Two other eminent Frenchmen, Des barallesand Chapelle, were skilled in the art, and it is said of the former that being con sulted by the Empress Eugenic, when she was in the zenith of power as to her probable future, he prophesied with much exactness the evil fortunes which eventually befel the Napoleonic dynasty. Alarmed, the Empress eagerly demanded if she would, like her piedeceasor the unhappy Marie Antoinette, perish on the scaffold, and was much relieved when answered in the negative, it being annonnoed by the Empress to her friends subsequently that sue never ceased to dtvad a similar fate, and that the thought of it taunted her perpetually tike ? terrible nightmare. There is always a fashion in pet* ay fa other things, and it it raarreOou* to reflect on the amount of human affection bestowed— I do not quite like to use the word " wasted" —on domestic favorites, dogs especially. How often do we see a wretched cur pampered and potted into a formidable nuisance, and bj silly injudicious treatmentdivestedcatlrely of the natural characteristics which are the rearon or excuse for its being. In Paris toil ' foolish favoritism is carried to a more absurd extent than even here —and that is saying a good deaL There are, I believe, at this moment, net fewer than 11,869 men and women who, in the French capital, subsist by making personal habiliments and ornament* for pet dogs, and each separate species has its special fashions. Toilet requisites, such as brushes,combs, sponges, soaps.&c.;, are selected according to the animal's supposititious requirements. The '-'Griffon," which is a long- haired dog so much prized by French women, must be closely shaven over the body, leaving only a lion-like mane and tufted tail—an absurd perversion of natural laws that is to be despised. Smooth terriers are frequently decorated with gold i?uigiq? soldered above the left forefoot, and with the owner's monogram engraved thereon: rough terriers, to be dressed in orthodox ftmhipn most have doll metal oollara, with inserted medallions, each containing the portrait of the possessor or some particular friend; pugs and other dogs of similar breeds have ! what is termed the "officer collar," tied beneath with a colored ribbon; for evening wear, a collar with a simulated white tie is substituted, and every well-cared foranimal is daily provided with "cothnrnes," or boots, when he goes walking. These are made of leather, and secured by indiarubber j rings. This, at least, is sensible. The taking I of tuch precaution saves serious trouble and I vexation, and is a protection against the havoc pet dogs often make with dainty dresses and delicate furniture when coming home with wet or dirty feet. Liviog not a hundred miles—hardly so many yards, in fact—from the home of that rising artist, Mr. Alma Tadema, I have been privi leged to see a magnificent piano lately added to the artistic Lares and Penates of the cele brated Anglo-Dutch painter. The body of the instrument is of the form of a " Broadwood grand." The supports are moulded alter nately of ebony and rosewood, the other woodwork being FJng?sh oak. A great deal of fine ivory is used elsewhere than on the keyboard. The sides of the case are pan neUed and carved with devices representing the cock, the owl, and the cuckoo, with thsir characteristic notes in musical rotation. The top of the instrument is inlaid with geometri cal patterns in ebony, tortoiseshell, ivory, mother of pearl, and white woods, inter spersed with darker ones. A handsome silver plaque in high relief of the drowning of Orpheus is being executed for Mr. Tadema in Naples. This will when finished be let into the pannel at the end of the piano. Colored glass windows are a special feature of the artist's residence. Byzantine windows ahnAeA with gold embroidered satin curtains are visible from the exterior of the house, but once inside the great door, over which the monosyllable " Salve" is conspicuous, the visitor seems at once transported cram a com monplace world into a region of enchantment and fairy-like splendor. For the behoof of any equestrian readers I copy an excellent piece of advice— " Yonr head and toot heart keep boldly up. Your hands and heels keep down; Yonr knees keep close to your hone's sides, And your elbows dose to yonr own." You have only to follow these simple direc tions if yon would excel in the art of graceful horsemanship. A contemporary Bays these rules should be pasted inside the hat of every rk?er of both sexes. The strong prejudice that once existed against so-called mode jewellery has been in a measure dispelled by time and custom, and pretty f?^if>TiSjMt* <? rTllMm lfilM l however in expensive, if the design be goad, are quite admirable, always provided vulgar excess is avoided, and n??-+- the ornaments themselves are not pretentious. Above all, it is impera tive that when the least tarnished or dis colored they be immediately put aside or otherwise redipped. I have been told that ladies, by following the simple directions given below, may renovate their own jewellery. I have not tried the plan, so cannot from personal experience guarantee its efficacy. However, here it is:—Take a pint of boiling water, or a little less, put it in a dean ofl flask. To this add one ounce of cyanide of potassium; shake the flask and the cyanide will dissolve. When the liquid is cold put in half a fluid ounce of rectified alcohol £ mix well, and the preparation is ready for use. All kinds of cut jewellery may, it is 'said, be rendered bright by brushing them with the above fluid. Ladies who are fastidious in respect of real ornaments as thsy are styled do not hesitate to wear silver jewellery washed with a solution of real gold. A silver bangle can be so colored, well and perma nently, for about ss. or 7s. Brooches, ear rings, &C.;, can be plated in the same way, and thus the objection to spurious imitation is obviated, pure gold and silver being the sole metals employed, and the innocent de ception of making silver look like the more precious metal is injurious to no one, nor should affect uncomfortably the most self exacting as regards integrity even in trifles. Washed ornaments, when not in use, should be wrapped in cotton wool so as to exclude the air. 