THE PEGHLIAR REASONING OF ANTICHEISTIANS. . Antichristian; lecturers and arguers spmetimes; think it unfair that their argunaents are not seriously dealt .with. : But really they, can scarcely expect serious treatment of , a good deal of , their sayings . and - writings. ! Most of ' their, negations and objections :;are , founded , on mere inventions of. their own,fathered on Christianity. ,e ; were,; once twitted, in Sydney, by one of the " champions ''. with the, alleged "fact " that our religion! was founded on robbery and sacrilege; because Paul, one of our founders, acknowledged that he .was a robber of: churches !. Sure enough St. Paul (2i Cor. xi. B) when reminding ,,tho rich .Clorinthians that he did; not; take from them what he, had a. right to, take- — that is his maintenance, but supported himself partly by hisiown- labour and jpartly. by the offerings of other churches, .says i"; I robbed other churches, takingiwages of them to do you Bervice;V just , as I pne says when offered ; a . costly present, " I shall be robbing you.!', An other, finds a downright contradiction '?! in .the order to. Noah to.take " of clean beasts seven of each kind 'Vbccausojof the previous order to take f two of every sorti'' altliough plainly enough the two of every, kind ..wpre, for, the propagation .of i the species,, and the seven additional of clean beasts, fpr, food and .sacrifice.. Everyone w,e, , suppose , has heard urged , the ; pre-' tended.cpntradictipn between, the accounts of the crea-tion of man and woman: in the first and second chapters of Genesis, al-j though.', there is not the very ghost of a contradiction,;, one relating in general terms the creation of the species/ Man, and, .the .other . detailing ; the , separate creation :bf .the sexes. This, kind oft, thing abounds in. all , the ; literature of the bp- ppnentSjbf, Christiatiity,and indeed makes the great isbulk ;,as, well , as tho :chief ,at-, traction .of ..their;- lectures and magazines. If;wej-hear,n,fgreak and laughter following, any V.'yery .sarcastic or , farcical sa,lly , of one .of their, Mo,muse8, ten to one if hasbeen.caused by.some mere invention where the audience suppose i they are laughing at Scrinture, but are in reality chuckling over some,„rude joke of the speakers for which Scripture is coinpletely irresponsil le , i We have ueen presented recently with quite a'new instance' of 'tliis 'kihd 'Bf 'thing in the"pages oftthe-new periodical' wM that sect usually furnishes' with the loudest cohtributors. <Ht isTn- this'priht''that'M Lacy-'libels' the'/chafacfer|bf'Mr.' Joseph Opok,' bufdoes ' uof 'attempt hn ' the Idas f to ' touch ' one' bf his arguihehte,. ' W hen Mr. ''Lacy "is fargui'ug vvith Mr/"Hbydoh on Freetrade'- and vpfbtection he 'knows his gro und; and fairly ' gra jiples' 'with ! ' every argument' a'dvahced by his oppbhehi;/ ' 'He would'nbyeV,think'\bf ''resisting Mr? Heyl don'sJ-feasbhings by'simply ab"u'sing"Mr; Heydon himself. That is because he, believes his grouud sure. If he knew .he. had a bad case he would avoid the argu ments at least, if he did not try and take up something about the man alleged in foreign papers, by professional enemies, and which are perhapsmalignantlies. This he reserves for Mr. ,Cook. If in the article in question, ostensibly a notice of , Mr. Cook's lectures on Christianity, Mr. George Lacey will find for us one line, which even pretends to answer any one; argument or portion of an argument of Mr. Cook's, .we will apologise. But there; is a writer more open in his guard , who; gives US the specimen we mentioned' pfi the common infidel method. , This .writer,: calls himself " Beta." A scribe; pf;a!m.o.8ti ambitious pomp of logic, as we sliali shpw-i He wants to show that " Christianity is. based on a falsehood," and this isi'his peculiar mode of, deinpustration. .i.jSt. Peter denied His Master;! St.: Peternisji therefore,,;a liar; and St. Peter; is.T.the-, tutelary Saint of Roman Oatholicism.r St. Paul.jljed, and defended himself .by asserting that: if his lie had benefitted the religion of God, then it ; W,aa justifiable St. Paul ;is, therefore, a liar ; and i .Stii Paul is the tutelary Saint of Protestant,-) ism.'., , ; Thus, , ,we find the whole structure; ' of Christianity based upon a falsehood. W,e fear,it(is not Christianity but Re/a that-is; 'here: involved, in falsehood. . St. -Peter, denied His Master. That .was a i lie. If the .Roman Catholic Church , founded;'it-i self : on that . He, there would .be .some, chance for Be's logic-;— but ..Peter hadr ! likewise told the truth— and. , on -this ' Christ said he founded his church. Sup- i pose we say of the Baconian philosophy. "iBacon told a lie. He took, bribes, .thereH fore -the Baconian philosophy was founded: on lying and bribery." That would be Beta's argument about Peter. As .to, vy.hat be says about, 'Paul, jt /is. so mouBr; trously foolish that we iiCau;; scarcely/ believe the writer was quite himself when - he-wrote-it. , " St. Paul lied and defended: himself by asserting that if his lie . had, benefitted the religion of God, then.)it> was' justifiable." Beta it is that draws - oh his imagination. It may safely ibe; said thatithe statement is wholly fabulous, and foolish. ,, , 