THE NEW REPUBLIC, It was dusk in Collingwood. The sun had set, and James Mirams had gone to bed. Here and there, at intervals of a mile or so, there glimmered lights like the corporation " glims," or the occasional flashes of sense in Jack Gardiner's speeches. All was quiet, save for the casual rattle of a cab along the street, which sounded like the last despairing shake-up of the collection-plate after a dull sermon. I was alone, and everything was so dull that I naturally thought of these things. Not quite alone, however. What were those shadows stealing along the side of the street towards the open door of a shoemaker's shop ? They might have been the ghosts of the Berry Ministry looking for their lost portfolios. But they were not. I crept behind the rear members of the procession, and saw that they were honest, horney-handed artizans, who should have been in bed hours before. They halted at the door and went in singly. Some password was given, but I could not hear it. These men were not up at this time of night for nothing, I thought. They were evidently conspirators. I followed the last man to the door. A truculent-looking janitor asked me for the countersign. I looked him in the eye and said " Blood." "Blood it is,"he replied with a horrible scowl, and passed me in. And what a sight was there, my countrymen. Half a score of harmless-eyed mechanics and weak-faced working men were seated on a couple of broken benches propped against the wall. A tallow candle was spluttering on a table hacked with leather-knives, behind which sat three men in coats of rusty black. These were the President, Vice- President and Secretary of the society. And what was the society ? I took up one of the printed prospectuses that were lying on the table before the great officers and read :— THE VICTORIAN NIHILIST SOCIETY. Capital: Two Kegs of Dynamite and, a Box of Tandstickers. The objects of this Society are— 1\. The destruction of purse- proud plutocrats. 2\. The blood of the Conservative Vampires if they will not give the working-man his rights. 3\. Blood anyhow. This was cheerful. I have seen funerals where the proceedings were less spirited. The President addressed the meeting. He informed them that they were the saviours of their country, and that the eyes of a thousand generations of patriots were upon them. Most of these patriots bad been hanged, but what of that? Men must come to an end somehow,and why not a rope's end ? Blood must be spilt and banks be broken before the labouring man laid down his nitroglycerine bombs and took up his shovel. No mercy should be shown to the man who had grown rich by robbing the poor mau. The Secretary then called in the subscriptions. When I saw these sons of toil, with their poor chapped paws, passing over their hardearned money to the greasy harpies behind the table, I ceased to wonder that the working man's platform is such a popular one with aspiring politicians all over the world. After the' subscriptions had been entered in a copybook, bought by the Secretary for the purpose, business commenced. The President explained the outlines of a scheme concocted by one Pat Fagan to blow up the Houses of Parliament. Pat proposed that Milner Stephens should be engaged to do it with red flannel. The proposition was coldly received. Various others were discussed, but none of them appeared to carry any weight with the meeting. At last a www culotte came out of the dark corner where he had been sitting and said : " Gentlemen, you are fools. You are wasting time and candles in talking of plots that were played out long ago. We don't want small massacres. We want death and destruction and ruin, and as much of each as we can get for our money. Listen to me. I propose that we establish a Republic and call it Arcadia. What the country wants is peace. We will make it as peaceful as a graveyard. The poor man shall live in plenty. In order to keep this up we will kill ten rich men every day and divide their riches among the poor men. When all the rich men run out we will go to war with the other colonies and scoop their exchequers. After that we will put up the country at auction and sell it to the highest bidder. I propose Jack Gardiner as President and W. M. K. Vale as Vice-President. This will give our beloved land a fair Btart to ruin. I think these two, with a little assistance and advice from Mr. Berry, should be able to ruin it outright in three months. Death and destruction will come after. <Jentlemen. what do vou think of my plan ?" What did they think ? They drowned him with applause. They called him the saviour of his country. Then the Secretary sent out the beer-jug and began a mght carouse. [At this juncture the wives of the president and Vice-President came in, and taking their bloodthirsty lords by the ears marched them home. Apolieeman hearing the nowe captured three of the others, who were to have been ministers under the new regime, and put them in the lockup. And so ended a apmted attempt to establish a Republic in Colingwood.] 