NORTHERN JOTTINGS. By an Idler. The members of your local Concord are evidently a very patient, plodding, and humble lot of young fellows. I visited (in disguise of course) their rendezvous the other evening, and was sorry to find that they were unable to provide ordinary sitting accommodation for themselves or visiting friends. On entering I saw one form, and while wondering whether it was part of the programme for all hands to stand during concord business I noticed a pile of empty kerosine tins in a corner of the building, and a lanky juvenile member commenced placing them in rows. I thought then that they were not so hard up as I supposed they were. Your humble servant was provided with one, which was politely occupied, but I soon found myself awkwardly placed. Unfortunately I was wanting in posterior rotundity, and got a little too deep in the tin. There were others evidently in the same fix, for they were uncommonly restless. One of the members on rising to a point of order lifted his seat, and he seemed a fit subject for an artist to study. Thus speakest the Christian Weekly:— "Talebearers are justly denounced in Scrip- ture, but notwithstanding they are still to be found in town and country. One of that class, when he ascertained some time ago that a lay- reader in Clare had been horse- racing on the Sabbath morning, and officiat- ing the same day in the church, hastened to the clergyman. The incumbent was very much grieved, but he repressed his feelings, and with withering sarcasm showed that he detested a talebearer. He listened to what the informer had to say, and when he had finished, the rev. gentleman held up both hands and, after a hearty ha! ha! ha! said, 'I suppose that is against the rules of your jockey club.' The retort courteous must have been very harrising to this informer. The inhabitants of the usually quiet township of Armagh have been in a flutter during the past few months. There is a black sheep amongst them, but though it is only a lamb it will not abide peaceably with the flock. The lad is a terror to the winegrower on the hill. He is obliged to keep his cellars securely fastened and his fowls under lock and key from dusk till dawn. The schoolmaster dreads him as he would the ghost of Ned Kelly. Sometimes the dominie sees the scapegrace carrying off his ducks, and though he pretends to give him chase he makes it a point to keep at a safe distance from the thief. This youthful Ned has musical abilities, and during the still hours of the night he finds his way to the village church and practices on the harmonium. Travellers have some- times been very much frightened when passing the church at midnight to the sound of music in the dark building. The police have been communicated with, and they have had the youth twice in their custody, but they cannot keep him—the cells are not strong enough. It is reported that the "Butcher's Wife" is suffering from gout, and therefore has not been able to get away from Mintaro for some months. She has, however, been very studious, and is writing a work on "The Approaching Dissolution of the World." Poor woman, she is a little bit gone on that theme, but when using the "magnifying glass" she sees, or thinks she sees, into the future. Police-trooper Innes has been reading up the Lights on Vehicles Act, and now under- stands all about the fixing of lamps. Marvellous! A young person wants to impress upon my mind that the "man of notes" attended the circus when it was in Clare. I don't believe he did anything so astounding. A man of his mental calibre and profound theological opinions attending a circus! The thought is "too utterly utter" Vale! 