IT will tend greatly to popularise the movement which is now on foot, to place this colony in a thorough;state of defence, if we describe the naval forces to which England may be exposed, in t the event of her being mixed op with any war which may break oat in Europe. When generally approving, the other day :of the decision of the Government to increase - our means of defence,' . we said that the colonists were too apt to regard England as quite " cock of the walk" on the 8088, and, under this impression, to feel, that there was no necessity for them' to do much towards providing themselves with the means of resisting au assailant. England generally accepted as. having plenty of armed ships to defend the colonies as well as herself; and this circumstance, it is held, would render us perfectly safe against attack, without much being done on our own account to realise the same object But this notion happens to be one of those delusions which the Anglo- Saxon race all the world over is apt to nurse, for there is not scintilla of opening for the silly impression; and we shall now proceed to justify this sweeping, although perfectly truthful, statement. Whenever a great European war breaks out the two nations which England, aided, probably by Germany and Austria, will have to fight will be France and Russia. France has very strong designs npoa Egypt, to which England is strongly opposed, and she must for her own interests continue to be strongly opposed to themj. while Russia has designs upon India, to which the opposition of England is equally vigorous and patent If Austria were on the side of England, Italy would he almost sure to join a Basso-French alliance; because, for reasons, which we haWnot space to explain just now, Austria and Italy are bound to continue in state of chronic disagreement Now, supposing such alliances to be formed, how would matters stand upon the ocean with the mother country, or in other words, what would be the naval forces which England would have, so to speak, at its command, and the naval forces which she would have to encounter? The reply to these "questions is supplied by the latest number of the Statesman's Fear Book; and it will be found quite sufficient to show the kind of "fool's para-j di8e n with which we surround ourselves, when nursing the belief that, in the event of a great war, England would protect us against all attacks—against: all serious interference. To begin with, the naval force of England consists of 219 vessels, some of which are transports, drill ships, store ships, and other v®sels of the same useless character for fighting. But in the 249 vessels, 46 ironclads and 114ships, well, qualified for fighting on the seas, are included. . England has also 38,457 officera and seamen. Germany has 85 vessels of war, "22 of which are ironclads; and 3 more of these vessels are now in tbe hands of the builders. She has 11,200 sailors and 1271 officers. Austria has a naval force of 61 14 of which are ironclads, and she Jbas «lso -'6179 officers and' sailors. The total und force of England, Germany, and Austria combined, including even the useless shipe, is, therefore, only 395 ships, and 52,001 officers and sailors to man them. But how is it on the other ndel. Why, very much more formidable, as the following figures will show. France has 498 vessels of wax; of which 59 are ironclads, and a force to -draw upon of from 150,000 to 180,000 seamen. Russia has 223 ahipc of war, of which 40 are iroric&ads; 1»ut *he number of her seamen is not given. Italy has 88 ships of war, of wlnch 18_are ironclads; some" of the latter being move powerful than any other country possesses, has a force of 11,200 sailors, *nd !271 officers. Thus, the French, ; Russian; and Italian combination would be able to fenter opoti the figtit with the following total naval force at their difcposaU^ her of both men «nd vBN^s England,' tSerinany, and briog to the calibre of the gnus, it 1 the with all die nitiom Ineiad^lp^ tbe above description. Noria tpee^dMftieeeee » t tite number ot lieF ipdi 'on die stocks; or any tlaf thett 'Diaf be iiea 'with France, ^^shls adding.to heri»vy as fast as herdockfanfej&ndaaabariance; of men, Ckn build {or the p^irpose. The only advantage which Hs^sml Teally pqeseaseB is in havSsg » lai^e numbed pf gwnW»(a for, coast drfeinpe. But -there is very little in this, aa regards <estu& sting fte number of vessels which nations could send to see, to figh t, becanse in these days pt torpedoes, strong fortg, and other HeVic^ few seagoing vessels ate required at home to reast a bombardmeat .or to lceep off a would-he invader^ Looking at the above authentic figures, then, it will be seen how mDy ia the bdief that England could 4o much, in the ahape of sending vessels of war to protect UB from attack, should a great European war break out. F.ng>and really ; could do little or nothing for us in thiriway; and the fact of her having a number of other colonies on the seaboard also to look after, would only add to the weakness of the aid which she could afford in our directum. Of «oune, it will be axgned that there is a doubt as to whether Russia and France would join against England, Germany, and Austria, and still more whether Italy would stare in sncfa a venture. But a if no .- combination ' r of this he j»u laying' down would still hold good; because.^ took": place between Russia ana £nghuid ^lone, or. between France and Kn gland: alone, /England, as the figures above show, would stilf require all her naval forces nearer home than we are to deal with her opponent That this is so, is shown by a remark made by one of the leading papers of London in January last, when it was announced that the' Wolverine had been given to New South Walea Referring to the quality of the Wolverine, this jwper mid that New South Wales should buy . an iitmclad for Itself, as "it is questionable • if good ships are lilraly to he' given »way by the British. Admiralty, at a time when they are badly in want of the same commodity themselves." This statement shows that the naval establishment of J3ngland .is by no means strong, and: 4hat it is being rapidly outdone, or at les&'overtaken, by-wririe of its neighbors. The ides, then,, that England is entirdy " cock of the walk " o» the seas is a delusive notion to entertain. - It is also quite as delusive to none the idea thaiwe need not spend much money o defend ourselves against a prohahle attack, for the foregoing shows the absolute necessity of our doing this, so that when a European war does hr^alt out we shall not be found uppreparbd to meet any hostile squadron which may come in thb direction. The need of preparing for. our defence is really very great and not to pay heed to it would be stupidity with a vengeancel- TBE Conservatives are in a terrible frame of mind over the intended visit of Mr BERRY to Sydney. No -event indeed,of late has caused in that quarter a greater commotion, not even the polling at Boroondara, which gave them so severe a mental shaking. They are quite at their wits end to account for. Mr BERRY receiving this invitation^ and are dreadfully alarmed lest his visit may lead to something quite portentous to their particular calling. Sydney they have hitherto regarded as the very hotbed of the free- trade theory—as a living illustration oE iheir principles which they could not extol too much or love too tleariy. In that place, their idol has beed enshrined—in that place, their fetish could be worshipped, without the hurly- burly of protection • interfering " -with "then* orisons. There tbe working man could be elbowed off the. footpath by the importer—there the mafitllactsring spirit could be kept in the sickly stajap," oo as ultimately to die out through sheer exhaustion.. A rare place indeed has Sydney been -for the Conservative papers. It has pointed many moral reflections upon the " wrong of protection," although truth has generally been sadly despised and despoiled in the way it has been utilised for the purpose. And hopefnl. have the freetraders been that the time would come when Victoria would-' follow the Sydney example, " striking off -the fetters of protection," and thuraffording the free-traders the opportunity and delight of dancing a fandango over the fiscal emancipation thus effected. In all. verity, Sydney has. been toothsome morsel for the free-trade class here—a very garden in the wilderness of .their itffitctions.whichwe protectionists—wretched men—have wilfully and ao cruelty .created. Yet alas that it should be so. Sad indeed is it to have to relate it 25r: BEBKT, an apostle of 'the creed, "has been invited to that charming spot to deliver an address — upon what t Tell it not in Gath, publish it not in Ascalon. 'Seep it dark everywhere, lest the very ghost of COBDEN should arise, bedewed in tears, over the sad spectacle. Bat it must come oat. Mr BEBBT has been invited to Sydney to deliver tin address upon protection ] The cries of- RACHBL for faer children were nothing to the distress wfaii^i tlus terrible event has' aroused : in ConseF vattve free-trade circles. It ia an awful case of apostacy, Tendered additionally acuta by iU Occurring in the very plaoe of all others where quite tbe opposite was to be expected. How is such a stupendous and cruel disappwntoiaat to tie metS - This was the. question, i lew days ago, and it has now been answered. : , -Blackgnard Mr - BBBKT. Run turn down, abuse Mm, jump upon him figuratively—do- everything:"fS spoil him and the missionnpon Wbich hiB has been invited. Rail aim at thoae who propose to hospitably entertain. hiin- Call them fools, demagogues,' bnuidess idiots; say anything and 1 everything; which may degrade' the entertainers, and weaken the impression which an exmlient Kee|»tiou givento Mr BEBBY would otherwise occasion. Such iath?' way in which this in vitation to Mr dthseprocess. Xto doubt ir*ls bard to the freetraders to 'find-Sydney; "drifdnl; towards ST? SS-jTjt cede their nival in :ihe same bitter way. They ailowed tbem to come pad go, free and untrammelled by any bedisgj^iog of their diaracterB, or by inqrdbue of their cause; and, in the caae ol jHr BXBBT, it would have been much more decent had the free-trade papers followed that excellent and genial example. But decency was never yet associated with free-trade journalism In this part of the world, and therefore we can hardly wonder at the capers which the Conservative journals are cutting over this invitation to Mr BEBRT. It is a cruel blow to them no doubt^ to find Sydney Bfgftivg enlightenment upon protection. But physic, however nauseous, should always be swallowed cheerfully and: kindly. There has been much bad taste shown by the Conservative papers of this colony from first to last: But! the way in which this invitation to Mr BERRY to visit Sydney to deliver an address upon the subject of protection, is being dealt with, beats anything of the same kind, by which it' has been preceded. It is mean in the extreme; and it is also dirty beyond all possibility of excelling. THE Argus is in a muddle. It is not the first time by any means that it has been in this state, and it needs no seer to predict that it will not, for many times more, be the last. The particular, muddle, however, in which it is now involved is about that dreadful Grampian freestone, which cruelly, per; sists in upsetting all the grim prophecies which a few months since tbe -^ryui indulged in so freely. Mr LANG RIDGE selected that stone for the front of Parliament House, and he was supported in sodoing^otoiilybyhisown knowledge o£ such Bubstances, butalso bythe report of a Select Committee and a Royal Commission.. Mr LAKGBIDGE happens, however, to be. a- liberal, and, therefore, the Argus regarded it as iocumbenit upon it in its "wisdom not only to pitch into him, but also to condemn the Grampian material. And conwas nothing too had to gay of the denm both'jt did most heartily. There thai Minister, or the ' stone. The choice was a job, the tramway was a job; indeed everything was rotten that was connected With the selection. But alas that it should be so for this wonderful .prpphet with the. hundred optics. Hie stone turns out to be magnificent Blocks, upon blocks of it have readied MelbonmE^ and they excite the admiration "of all unprejudiced observers. The stone is seen tobe all that Mr LAXGKIDGK said it would prove, and to justify eVery word which the Royal Commission and the Select Committee had to »ay in its favor. It ia seen also to be. just the very material that was wanted for the purpose to which it is to be pat And here is where tbe muddle of tho j4r»7«s comes in. All its predictions are scattered like chaff before the wind, for the stone proves.to be the very opposite of what that wonderful authority on stone said would undoubtedly he found to be the case' whenever any bulk of it found its way into Melbourne. We are sorry for the Argus, although * we told it when it opened its attack that it was hJMng of what it knew nothing about. But then the Argus should not make itself the laughing- stock of all experts, when it discovers the error which it originally committed. It shouid not, for' example^ Tail at the stone, on the score that it was picked, because this only makes the experts laugh the more fifeely, since there was never a quarry opened anywhere in the world yet the stone -in- which had not to be subjected; when required for building purposes,; to tins treatment. . Instead of trying to brazen its own blunder out, the Argus should have held its tongue the moment it fouud out its ffiifitak$, because then, however much people might have regretted the course it originally pursued, it would not now be despised in addition. This Stone case is really a fitting companion to the attitude which the Argus took np on the report of the 'Police Commission.' Both have been Argus muddles of the most pronounced type—although, while the report of the commission has heen to death by.a pliant Government, the stone has happily come off triumphant ' Altogether, Mr LANQ- BIDOE has certainly got the best of : this, dispute; and all the circumstances go to show.that he well deserves his victory. Moasn. Andenoa, Midi, and Lnnt, traffic anager, locomotive superintendent, and engineer for maintenance of the Victorian railways, yesterday made an inspection of the two sites proposed &r; the erection of a temporary engine died in Ballarat, daring the construction of the . new workshops at the Western station, for'the purpose of deciding on" tbe more mi table site uf the two. The vacant allotment of groond near the hay market on which the locomotive paintshop is sibuted, consisted ii one of the proposed aites, whilst the other consisted of an allotment of ground near the Eastern station. Thfe officers above-named, after a careful inspection, concluded that the fonner mentionei site wn the more convenient one for the erection of temporary aheda, and their oonstrustioii at that place will shortly be commenced. The gross imposition which, bom time to time, is made np6n the Hospital by persons who are well able to pay for outside medical treatment, was again referred to at length hy the Hospital committee, at its meeting last night. The anbject tinder discussion at the time .was a motion on notice tabled by Dr Whitoombe, affecting a rala relating to pay-, ingpa&eats;, w"hii^ 5«itah)ed*p*rt sstting down thelimit of tfte'fn - for any <$>eratioa at £5 Ss, and which he thought should lie struck out and the tmng of the fee left in the hands-af the honorary staff. Both Drs Whitcombe and Pinnock pointed out several; cases of. impontioii that bad lately-been sudejopon the ins^tation.hy eompsnSidy we^y-«ecm3e, aiid stated that if the' whvtefuiw.to.'vw antendnd, and the " ofihefeos for dl cnecritlMn leftia of l^e hohonry sta% -ao that a fee treatawnt to all persons whowere in a poeitian ts obtain the laCte^ .-it woold hare the doioed rfect The iiotion * waa, after a laudif diaenseion, tiesolged npon, and it was dmdadto wnpowcr the honnaiy staff to fix tllfrtfesubJeBt to the approval of the committee. It was further oaditd tbat the qautian shonld he1»o(|g^it )t{> at the next anonal ^oweting : r of,-the sOheonben and life gamtnota of t& ijwfitation,-with ameom- S»ndation«ra>a the gcaienl coamrittoe that the rule diooM be altered. : ^Oik of lliii niMt lumstinml bolts that haa yet been.aeen ln jlaBarat inaHiiTed yeaterdiy •feecnoon. A horse attached to a \- •* - -- —--——y of ktf Onrtia, of in a tzn^gh in frost „ street,. (treet rtwt the cab aland a* te as tin CBhoigr briage. At this poini the hoc** turned to the left, and whan it had reacbrt the gate of the Eotern Oval, aaushefl by aotne meant or other one ode of the cart and beat tbe axle, when H.was aeconxL The horae, to everyone's etwyrise, wia not in tke least injured. Narrow escapee were numerew, and atrasge to say, thosgts there were i—ny vdides in Bridge straet at the tune, the rasaway piloted itself throagfc safely, althongh jtwaattrnvdlingrttacehorae ed. Constable Barrett made a daring. >sgh nmracceaafsl attempt to seciire tbe runaway. Mr Cirrtni desire* ni to thank the muneroas persona who so kiod^endeavored to pot an end to tbe animal'i Mr Thomson, comasr, bdd an aterday into the canoe of tbe death if wp Aldersoa, landlotd cf the Black Hone hotel, which' sad event occurred ao suddenly on Tuesday aa ts necessitate the heMmg of a magisterial enquiry Into its cause. The coroner found that Alderoon died from injuries received in ao accidental fall bom a ladder in his hotel. A resume of the evidence will be found in another odiums. The anuoal tournament "of the Ballarat Swimming dab was held yesterday, at the Corporation baths, and proved very successfill. The experiment of admitting ladies waa tried for the first time, but only a few of the fair aex availed themselvea of the ojipoitjmhy. Tbe swimming and diving wen excellent The George Gall Bequest Cop was won by O. Davis, with eight points; H. Tobitt being close up, with seven,points. Tbe racing in the three events for that cap wasljy far the best of the day. O. Davis and H. Tobitt, who are Jjoth BaDarat youths, in two of the events came in almost dead far&ta;, bat the judges decided that Davis first touched the rope in each event. In the other even]* Tobitt came in rather an - easy winner. Tobitt contesttthe luliqgof the judges in awarding the prize toDavn, andsSso certain of his own superiority that as will he seen by an advertisement elsewhere In onr columns, he challenges Davis to" swim tbe three cup diatamnes for a wager ft £5 a-aide. W. Thnrling, with 40 yards start won the TOO yards handicap. An aquatic polo match, with six contestants a-aide, concluded the day's racing. Hie whole of tbe arrangements were well carried oat by the committee and officers, who are to be congratulated on the Successful result of the tournament Thfiminers worlungat the Band and Albion Consols, in onr advertising columns this morning, challenge the Sallant Fire Bggade to a tug- of-war for a trophy of £5 or £10. This <&allenge; springs from a feeling of' dissatisfaction with the reanlt of a similar contest at the Miners' Association sports last Monday. - We learn that Mr Andrew Henderson, journalist, of this city, who was recently, arrested on a charge of hone- stealing, which was proved to be unfounded," has issued a writ against Mr Geoige X. Thomson, of the Heifer fetation,Navarre, for malicious prosecution, and for havibg without any reason-, able or probable cause obtained a Variant for his arrest. The damaeea are laid at £1000. The case will probably be heard in May next. Messrs Hardy and Madden, of Bal : larat, solicitor*, have been retained for the complainant ' - - ' Thomas Mahoney, forty-five, years of age, was'admitted into the Hospital on Tuesday night, suffering from a broken leg, caused through a horse bolting and running over him The fractured limb was, however, reset without much difficulty, and the patient now shows signs of a speedy recovery. During the past few days Ballarat East has been protected by only twelve constables, four of the nsaal complement being oS duty,. owing to ill-health. Immediate additions are intended to he made to the force, and .Constable Battzsy, who Jias arrived from Melbourne, being die first of an expected and desirable reinforcement. Conslablfe Boyle, of the Ballarat East police force, has retired on account of ill-health, after serving twenty-six yean in the colony and twelve yean in Ireland. Constable Boyle will receive a well-earned pension of about £100 per annnm. A man named Brennan was arrested yesterday in Ballarat East, charged with assaulting his mother. He was shortly afterwards bailed oat, and will appear at the court to-day. The Ballarat Conning Club has almost definitely decided to cons tract a plumpton at the head of Calender Swamp." So far as is at present nnderstood, it is to have a running ground 1000 yards long, with a width of 500 yards. The plumpton will not be constructed exactly upon the design of the one at Sunbuiy, which is of an oval forth, bat will be rather of an oblong shapes and, it is 'anticipated, will cost about £300. The committee appointed to consider the matter will meet and decide on Friday, and if it is then determined" to construct the affair, tenders for the work'will be called as soon aa possible. j A juvenile, turned William Almeida, sgad eleven jean, was yesterday ordered by the City bench to be imprisoned for four hourt, andthen to basest to the JJeforaatorc- for four yean. The boy was" charged with the larceny of a nun of money from his mother, who yesterday stated that he frequently committed that crime, and, in addition to His other locftej, stayed out at nights, wouldn't to school, and, in fact, was quite beyond ler control. " A man named lilatthew Helms, a resident ofKerang, met with a painful accident at Springbaak,. Bongaree, yesterday morning. It appealed that fidms, who was working at threshing machine, was in tbe act of fixing a bolt on tbe driving-wheel of the machine, which was then in motion, when his right arm was accidentally drawn between the wheel and belt, the result being that it was fearfully crushed. The unfortunate man was at once brought into the Ballarat Hospital, where it. was deemed ne- cessary to amputate tbe arm. This operation was eaccessfally performed, and last night Helms was progressing as favorably aa could be expected onder the circumstances. What makes tbe accident more painful ia that Helms has a .wife and six children at Kerang, who are wholly dependent upon him for their support. A speculator has offered to purchase from the memben of the third Australian Kleven their share® in the ventnre. So confident is he of the financialsuccess of the scheme that he has offered £750 cash per share. The cricketers, however, have not taken the bait, tempting as it is. A lad named Nicholas Dunn, sixteen yean of age, fell from some scaffolding at the woollen mills yesterday and broke his collarbone. He was conveyed to the Hospital, where his injury waa attended to. We have frequently remarked npon Mr H. Sutton's invention of "storage batteries" for .electricity, and, have quoted from several European jonxnala notices of the invention, all admitting its value and the scientific ability of the inventor. But none of them ke of practical proof of the osefnlneSs "of Snttan's discovery. ItSO, for the month «f January, however, completes the list of comrJiiTimtsTy notaces with a practical proof of the value of the discovery of the ..most ans character. It is pronounced . „ lable," and oh no tats an authority ttanMrJ. W. Svan, of electric lighting fame. Mr Swan, in a lecture he delivered in the hall of the Literary aodPhilosophinal Society, Newcastle, speaking of Mr Sattob'a battery, said,*' Asm experiments which 'he " {Mr Sw»a> bad Btade, he faUy confirm Mr Sutton's statement aa to -the-facility with which a thick crust of peroxide formed on tbe mercurialised laad ia his (Mr Sutton's) cell, giving it a greater capacity for atorage. The discovery of thianiesnaof rapidly totmthick . coating of peroxide was lnyalu- He was glad to say he had obtained the moat excellent xesalts, had found the storage capacity laiga, lie cell working Well in" wry way." Hie hall during . toe lectors-was lighted as from thirty ed^, :<lrisy3h W taoftnuM by Mr Swaa charged ihyjithe prsaaso discovered by Mr Suttoa. Shis tnbate to the inventor is highly satisfactory. w Mr Swan ia tiia highest practical ssilniiily in Great Briteu ia the mattar of the vakae of stog& dae-' tdoty. Mr Sat*«D> thscovieries, and tbe notaecs taken ^Cjkliem by European kaown to the sshntiBo srarid for i pwlncte. Those iiilsaitiaB^o fl«ay. «a*u»M «><W: WUHII* asdths box|iUn :aJb-BarAioa>i bbweiabei^oftd' '' 1 isa^dssermgef; SMsrte gained many victories, as Ifcs lsige trophies won by its' 1 ftimnititi ves, valued in all at about £1SW, bsar hono testimony. ' • Members holding ticketa for sals are reqnested in onr advertia-iDfr ccduirms to attend a meeting to be held «f lottn bold this evening, «nd njorttke progress thylnii arii. ' - AH winners rf department's prizes awarifcd at the Katiooal Sbow at "Ballant should od far their respective chccoes at onee.it No. m Dovetoo street north, Bidlarat^ otherwiae their jprixea anay become forfeited in accordanse with the jabs and regulations of the Balkcst Agrkahursl aod Pastonl Society. Cheaps* for prise money win not be forwarded by poet te winners in lbs Ballarat districts Mrs ^ Saimibay in seat ns aunples of Bcreatss, which rae is nowmsnsfai lining oa her premises, 64 Bridge street. Hie raspberry portion is otirely new to thia district, and is very toothsome in tbis not weather. Tke samples nesived have an M- ngly nice taste with tbes, and the facturer should therefore touimand plenty of purehaaeia. ^ ' Mr David Oooke sold by auction yeatcrday land situate ia JsnctioB street, to Mr Ales. BeU, lor AS. The oommittee ef the XsDaiat Befnge desire* to acknowledge with thanks the receipt from Messrs 4ohn South and Jocaiyn Le Brocq, executors of the late Henry Green, of Biscocka, ofalogaey of £10 bequeathed to the Refuge. We have recaved the latest rnunber of the Australasian Stacker, which contains a number of illustrations, well executed, and of interest to the general pahQc. . ftwrnui and Aahbee sotdby pablicaaction yesterday a cottage in Macarthar street, to Mra Janet Steele, for £160. The attendance of bidden was large. The Curator of the Estates uf. Deceased Persons has obtained rules to administer the foUowisg estates:—Alexr." Shaw, XaBanfc' £lS614s; Peter MOintock, Stawell, £115. Mr Beny (says the World) has decided to address his constituents at Geelong in a fortnight. It is understood that tiie faon- gentleman, "while spesking on the politics of the day, intends attacking .the actions of tbe present Ministry. He will express diaap^ proyal of any attempt to i^nttw Mimsby,' as, in his ornnion, .there are sot sufficient memben in me House in whoan the Liberal party can rely to carry on the business of the country. He will express a hope that these waveren ssught tie removed it the next general election, when he is confidant that the Liberal party will "he returned triumphantly. , .. TheOommisskmerof Customs haa received information," says the Age, " from the excis offioer station ed at gallant that be has found in two large establishments in his district colonial spirits : offered for. sale - in genuine JDKZ bottles. Instructions have been given to proceed against the offenders, and Bn cases will be heard in thsSsprefDB Court," The infonnatioa funiisbed that journal is doob&ess; correct, but aa enquiry made throughout the prinrapal wine and S" 't atablishmeats of th ted in ocr learning that noneof them was implicated. The accused, of course, will be known when the matter comes before the court It would appear at first brought that the_ Government .would hardly take action against such offenders, as in the caae of a merchant orag another penom'a label the owner of the label generally prosecutes. Bat the Government considers that when colonial spirits are sul»tituted for imported ones, it loses revenue; forJhe imported article pays a heavier duty than the local manufacture, and if the colonial goods take the place in the market of the imported, under cover of the label or name of the other, it loses a certain portion of the duty that would have to be paid on the genuine article. It is understood hoe that the disoorieiy made by the excise officer waa brought about by the recent inspection and seizure of some Chinese merchandise. A melancholy accident {say* the M. A. Mail) that terminated fatally occurred on' Tuesday to an old resident of Barter's Creek, Mr Berdhot£ the vigberon, who fell talus dam and got drowned. A reply (says the Evauxg Mail) has been received hy the Crown Law Department from Judge Hackett, in regard to nis delay in commencing duty after his retain frcsn New Zealand. The explanation i* onder the consideration of. the Solicitor-General. The addnss to be delivered is Sydney by the Hon. Graham Berry, M.l'., on protection and its results in Victoria, wQl be deferred (says the Ueroid) until about the middle of April next.. Tbe date haa not been fixed, bat will be at the conclusion of Easter week, probably the 14th or' 15th of April. " .Very like a whale" in more senses .than one,. The Argus aays:—"A curious incident | ' ^^esed during the paaage of the steamer' :atipn from New Zealand. A large fish got "jammed across the bow of die vessel," where it remained for twenty-four hours. Attempts were made to secure it, and the grapnel was actually hooked on, bat owing to its great weight the fish was lost. The weight of die monster is supposed to have lwen about two tpns." The GeOomg Advertiser learns that Mr B. M. Smith, the newly -appointed Agent- General for the colony, is at present seriously indisposed, and that, in consequence ef his illness, the proposed banquet to thegentlemah named has btien postponed.. P&ere; is no intimation of this sort m the Melbourne papers.—KD. B.C.] Remembering how that paper deals with its political opponents, the following from the Argus is rich indeed:—" 3b the wont form of radical journalism we owe the importation into political warfare of a bitterness and nnserupulousneas which result in i;roes and persistent perversion of facts," . [f ever the style of writing adopted bythe Argta waa truthfully expressed, it ia in this A tdegram (aays the Age) was forwarded to the Government on Tuesday from Wodderburn, stating that die water in that district had given oat, and urgently requesting that a further supply might be forwarded to that locality. It appears that a train of aght trucks of water (9600 gallons) is forwarued every day to Korong Vale, but thissupply, it seems, ia already bespoken and would not meet the "demands now made on behalf of Weddetbom. The Government ordered that a special train should be pot an to meet the new want. The NoncoxformixL and imfapwHfcutoI 26th January says:—"The company appointed for tbe revision of the authorised version of tbe Old Testament, finished their seventythird senioo on Friday afternoon, at the Jerusalem Chamber. The second revision of Jeremiah wss continued as for ss chap xlvi A tragedy (says the ^ryiu) "k reported from Myers' Creek, about three miles out of Sxttdhzmt, on the ingle wood road. Early on Monday, morning a farm laborer, aged 40 yean, named George Warren, who bad been drinking heavily lor several days, went to lie doijn in a chaff-honse belonging to Mm Thomas, of the Halfway-home hotel. At nine o'clock in the morning another man entered the ehaff-hoosp and found Warren lying on his hea, in a pool of blood. Be •turned him over.aod found his throft cut. By Use mah*s side were two knives, a pocket and a table knife, both itained with blood. Assent as possible he waa ..brought into the Beadign HoapitaL. The cut across hie throat is 2 iachea is length, bat the doctors cannot say bow deep, beme hopes are entertained of hii recovecy. A distinct shock el an earthquake {aays the Herald) was fejt at Port Dansih Uat Satarday, but ha dunage waa <3ome. Sow that water Is scaroe, and iaany have tease it diacolsied, it maybe weS toknow f»ys the M. A. Hail) that Hcan ke deancd. Sad. made avast and pure ty the ose of a, or doa. A pieoe of tbe thick leaf aa big as a haod, s^ilit "lenethwiseito obtain aa much of das iaoer surface awpomibfe, -pa* into * budect or tub will-in a rfwrt time poe. «ipiWte all earthy matten, and make Si.as daw as crystal. H» Hows- Jadge Oops Jssysthe j JfatQt^oMedi _ WiHiam Watson pu-j P.fiugbo.psssqd the modified Vw —fr— and wnbam Lowe, 8idney vTr. psMd is objects farthe eertficai^S the schoof C,f pharmacy. Thomas & Wood! M t t m ^ in WHiiiwy. .*&staffof; sarveyonand draughtsmaiat die Kailway tt-spartront is about (says the Herald) to be .wnwlewMy augmented by the CoBRnissioner KaUwaya. ' Intimation (ssra t.he Amu) has beeon>. saved by tbe mail fliat;«r. SObert WaQ^ of Melbourne, has feeeaisleeted a fellow^ the Statistics! Society td Loudon, jj. Waflen has )x*n editor of Insurance and BatSing Hoard since the fin&SDhlicationof; that periodical six years ago, and ha» donl^ leaa received the cosnplincat • jsluiij to in 1st Miiptansts-jwpiiii tljan wiy, The CoMsmir at Railways (K^ Herald) bas-deoded to call for tender? fa die supply «£ 30,800 teas Wated tails tirhe used in tin esaatnstiM of the proposed nfs lines. .'.-"..' Tbe following repiy (ssy> TebgraAr has been IUBH< a nafsnr to the oJ OXoghlen, on 0BS, congrato. Sallys, geesseij^ the. SbvsmMai i -The*soost fsdkjr~Mfeer W a s t from Sydney to lioodan w» despatefcetl (ssyi the . by the steamer Pbtoai foramerchant istfaisotytohisLon^bo first. >The letter weighed 8 lb, and the yetegeaaeisated to £»I4s4d. A number of tobaccsaista iaiSydaey |qi the Arjpu) received adeaicfliary visit bam poOoe oo Jfonday, sad were ordered to close theur estahlishments wpais of leg»l prooee£ngs: Tbe C^re iBxambter of Oe Stot Januarr aays:—"MriV-Gsivin. «f Son, sear Baai^ has informed ja that tenoitry of Sir Bryan OTibgUaa on the Bailnslicka pro. perty have received a redaction of 25 per cent., through the respected agent, Thomai Mahon. Esq., C.E. "This masidptatecopcession willpreclnde the uscessity of going into the land'Conrt for <hs adjustment of a fair rent, as it bring* the rents to about tb Government valuation, and in Some cava Attention is drawn Co die sale of booths for the All-England mafch' oBSt. Patrick's Day and 18th Mardi. Tbe ssb will take place to-day at twelve o'clock, st UrClnton's sale rooms, sad the lots will be soH without tbe slightest reserve. Mr Olden, of die-School of Minu, ^q e lecture in theTowpMaDon HiQjthis evenaghto'dcck. Subject— lecture wilibe delivered under the anspices of the Ballant Young Meh's QImitian Assooatioa. It wQl be observed by advertisement elsewhere that a i meeting tt all the ladies snd gentJemea who assisted u HrBa3ey's choraa ' at the late Eisteddfod takes place in St Paul's schoolroom on Flriday.evening, at is eigh city o'cloi^. yesterday Business important. A couneiwuKwe in conhection with tbe Princess Alexandra Lodge, JLOjG.T., will , take plsce in 4he MfHimirf Institute this seven. ' .Hie quarterly meeting of - the Excelsior Female Tent, LO.R., wul be held iu the Societies' Hall this evening at oght o'clock. Tie SL John's Lodge, 472,1X1., wiU hold itangularroootbly meeting in the Masonio Hall, Gamp street, this«vening, at half-past 