' NOTHING IN PARTICULAR The .amount of sp.aee devoted to the discussion of American affairs in English journals would he astonishing were not the motive power understood. Only a com paratively few years ago, it was the fashion, in England especially, to run down, abuse, ridicule and hold up to in- tense scorn, everything that was American or " Yankee," whether it was in the flesh (that. is . to say, American flesh), the spirit (that is to say, Down East or Yankee Doodle spirit) or outer habiliments (of an equally Yankee character. De Tocqueville was a philosopher, and his at tack upon the universal Yankee nation had a somewhat just foundation in principle. His remarkable book stands good to this day ; (nit Mrs. Trollope, and Capt. Marryalt, and Charles Dickens, I am sorry to say, and a certain Mr. Grattan, and the Hon. Grantley Berkeley, et hoc genus omne, have literally died out, both in books and in the flesh. Everything was absurd and ridiculous in their eyes, whether it was Colonel Davy Crockett, Zachary Taylor, Sam Houston, "Gin'ral " Jackson, or Martin Van Buren. Even James Fennimore Cooper was most shamefully and unfairly abused in English commonplace journals and dignified reviews. No mercy was shown them. The dapper and lively little Tom Moore was shocked because Thomas Jefferson received him in a dressing gown and a pair of red Slippers. Later still, the New Orleans Pi cayune and George D. Prentice's Louisville Journal were looked down upon and quoted as low, rowdy printB. But now an awful change has come over the spirit of the British and colonial dream. Your true John Bull admires what he calls bull-dog " pluck." Any one who hits out straight from the shoulder, is, in his estimation, a man and a brother, whether he talks through his nose or squirts the juice of the sweet cavendish over a lady's skirts and toes. The American war (with the exception of bull's Run, over which the British press almost shrieked with laughter, to say nothing of the Mexican War, where Scott and Taylor were looked upon as mere military buffoons) the last American war raised them in the eyes of the English public, and there is' nothing now too absurd for' a Britisher to swallow, so long as it comes from America. Bennetts and Vanderbilts are the heroes before whom those of Greece and Rome must pale, ghosts as they are already. Mark Twain and Bret Harte, and Orpheus C. Kerr, and that disgraceful literary buffoon, Josh Billings, have arisen to correct the hitherto imperfect British taste. The Detroit Free Press, the Danbury News and the Burlington Hawkeye, occupy a wonderful space in our ' English journals. Any paper that went to press without some absurd quotations from those popular harlequins and clowns, would be condemned at once. All the corners must be carefully filled with real, genuine American rub bish, or decent literature wouldn't pay. There is nothing but American horses, American women, and American everything. Even another American is about to start d la Sergeant Bates, on a tour round the world with the American flag. General Grant, whose great generalship was on a parallel with the genius of a New South Wales Squatter, whose motto seems to be not " great cry little wool " like the wool of a pig, but the more sheep the more wool, never mind how many thousand die, has gone his rounds around the world ; and some other American monstrosity will come soon. Is the British and colonial taste declining, or is American bounce and buffoonery to overrun the whole surface of the earth? Even the Fourth of July occupies a leading position here now — far in ad vance of our own glorious, old historical days, and British soldiers will ere long march to St. Paul's or Westminster Abbey, to the spirit-stirring strains of Yankee Doodle ! Another milestone of progress has been erected in the Victorian march of youthful intellect. It appears that " whilst the public meeting at the Methodist Free Church at Bendigo was heing proceeded with on Wednesday evening, 'considerable annoyance' was caused to those nside the church by the congregating of a number of boys from eight to ten years of age, who, not content with talking loudly, actually proceeded to light their pipes, thus filling the hack of the church with the fumes of tobacco." " Considerable annoyance " is rather a mild ex pression here, surely. This beats the Hon. John Colton's butt-ends of cigars all hollow. The next time we hear from Bendigo, no doubt there will be an account of a number of boys from eight to ten years of age, who not only smoked, but introduced "Yankee Grab" into the back seats, varying the performance with a young 'possum and half-a-dozen Kangaroo dogs in full cry. If I had any faith in aesthetics, which I have not, or in the too common use of the senseless word, which 1 certainly have not, I might draw an aesthetic picture ; and if the picture should turn out to be as .esthetic in appear ance as the thoughts which generated it were, a most ridiculous picture it would turn out to be. This is the first time I ever wrote the word to my knowledge, and I hope it will be the last. Take up a journal from any portion of the world you will, and in a single column you will find the abominable word half- a-dozen times (es pecially if the user of it should prove to be a male or female (esthete, which nineteen out of twenty of the " home " correspondents are.) Mrs. Langtrey is an .-esthete, and the Prince of Wales is an (esthete, and Oscar Wilde is an (esthete. Even President Arthur is an (esthete ; he reveres the memory of his dead love so much, that he goes to an hitherto neglected and deserted church, because her spirit once rested within it, and the miserable (esthete meddlers can let no secret — however hallowed or sacred — alone. They must furnish pabulum for the public; and hence the meanness of the one to impart and the others to receive. I was prompted to make these re marks by a bicyclist whom I met this morning in the street, and I wished I had not met him, for a more ridicu lous looking figure I never saw in my life. Is a bicyclist an (esthete? — because, if so, Abraham and Isaac and Jacob, and Socrates and Solon and St. Paul, and George the Third and George Washington, with a host of others, from Adam to Abraham Lincoln (and thence onwards) must have made terrible mistakes, and suffered frightful social deprivations. We most of us have an idea what a treadmill is; and a bicycle is only a treadmill in modified form. If a London, or any other magistrate, should sentence any one of these (esthetic gentlemen to a week's performance on the real treadmill, he would be highly indig nant, as a matter of course — furiously indignant, in fact ; and yet, when he is not " sentenced," but only does it as a matter of (esthetic enjoyment, and goes on " pumping " his legs up and down through the streets, with a pair of (esthetic kid gloves on his hands, and an (esthetic cigar in his mouth, and an (esthetic flower in his buttonhole, wondering why all the (esthetic youiig ladies do not turn to look after him (which they do sometimes with a down right grin), he is not concious of what an absurd figure he cuts. Only think of the Duke of Wellington, or Soult, or even Blucher on a bicycle, "pumping " away, right-leg, left-leg ! After that, I for one, have done with (esthetics. The fact that some fears exist with regard to another Kelly outbreak, is not very assuring, nor is it creditable to the country, either in its police, military, educational or other respects. Such outrages as- these may not be very long confined to the Victorian border. I should be sorry to see a revival of the outlaw spirit that characterized the earlier days of this colony in the days of Capt. O'Halloran and others, mentioned in Mr. Bull's narrative. Still, the sticking-up of banks exercises a rather contagious feeling. The sentiment which elbvated the Kelly gang in general into romantic heroes, and Ned Kelly himself into a verit able martyr, has not yet died out ; and should a general European imbroglio endanger our coasts, which is quite possible, it will be rather awkward to have enemies both inside and outside. Because the spirits which fraternize with the old gang a-m now confining their operations to the Strathbogie Ranges, is no reason why people further away should not be on their guard. Revolvers, therefore, whether; oyer the border, or within it, will be likely to be d little , enhanced in value, and the dispensers of those useful articles in these days should rather examine the characters of their customers ; for, ten to one, if any per son with an attentive ear weieto walk behind some of the children going home from school and listen to their con versation, they would discover very speedily that the topic was one not generally taught in schools. For in stance I have heard young gentlemen of eight or nine saying loudly in the street, "My father says Ned Kelly was a brick," and my mother says the police" — Ah, well, it is no use in finishing it. It only shows that the teachers are engaged five or six hours of the day in try ing to knock out of the heads of the children what " my father and mother and my brother and my sister and my neighbour," has been most carefully knocking into tliein for another five hours. A regular "educational " game at skittles.. Set up abroad, and knock down at home, and vice versa, However, here are some of the preparations of the survivprs of and sympathisers with the gang, who have returned to their . former haunts, and mysterious meetings have been frequently held by them, possibly with the view of /plotting a raid upon one more of the Banks near the district. Under the circumstances, the local Banks have b/een placed under the special protection of bodies of police told off for that work, and the strong force of seventy- six men on ordinary duty have been armed with the Martini-Henry carbine in addition to the usual regulation weapons. The country is also patrolled by young and active troopers, specially mounted and equipped for bush work. Events are certainly beginning to gather around us as thickly "as autumnal leaves that strow the brooks in Val- lombrosa." I know perfectly well, that at this unusually grave crisis, not oniy in Australian affairs, but in those of the entire world, it is a very naughty and most unpardon able crime to quote poetry. In the, so far as I can see, most positively dangerous position in which Great Britain and her colonies was ever placed since from 1773, I will say, to 1815 (and I will not now except that eventful period) it is a horrible crime to make a poetical quotation as Mr. Ward happily did the other day ; but it is no sin whatever, for any one through the " special " agency of a Renter's telegram, to startle us with the profoundly deep intelligence that " The match between the Australians and eleven of Northamptonshire was continued and concluded to-day. The attendance was large, but the weather cold and inclement. The Australians, who obtained 143 with a loss of 4 wickets yesterday , increased their score to 270 betoro the last wicket fell. Giffen, who made 41 runs the previous day, increased his score to 84, when he was bowled. Bonner made a fine innings for 58 when he was run out. Garrett made 32, and played well ; he was bowled. The home team in their second innings were all out for 68. Palmer bowled splendidly, taking 6 wickets for 22 runs. The Australians won the match by 1 in nings and 80 runs." Perhaps after this, some sensible person who sees even through to the other side of events that Hanlon's muscles and nerves are both in excellent working order; that Triokett is going to astonish the world by a fresh outburst of genius ; that some delicate- minded lady in even still more delicate "tights " is "-oiii"- to walk sixteen thousand miles in five hundred hours and we get a glimpse of real, popular, public taste. I am not going for one moment to quarrel or find fault with Mr. Eraser's speech in the Assembly on " our defences." I am only surprised, and not a little amused withal, to witness what a vast number of persons get up a sudden and rather noisy " hurrah !" over a very weak display of provision, confounding that word somewhat hastily per haps, with prevision. I have make a few remarks else where about the defences of the entire Australian coasts in a brief manner ; and I will here supplement them with a few more. It is absolutely too late now for effective defence, if the contingencies of attack which I pr: sinned to see in a small way should occur. There is every chance of this occurring ; lor a real, downright spirit of intelligence is abroad in the East, which the manufacturers of guns at Birmingham and elsewhere, the con struction and sale of ships on the Clyde and the Mersey and elsewhere will see to their cost. Other powers even the most profoundly backward in all the arts and sciences of civilization, have been for years watching with well- concealed glee (and much personal benefit) the insane acts of some of the Western civilized and "advanced " powers, and now we, as well as they, are about to reap the results. I should be extremely sorry to be guiliy of buffoonery on any subject which may effect the future peace, comfort and safety of ourselves, our women and our children ; but the hitherto dark and unenlightened nations have been actually purchasing powerful ships and arms in England ; whilst we have no higher aims ap parently, than the intense study of mere tomfoolery tele grams from London and New York, about Hanlon, and the Australian cricketers, and swimmers and pedestrians and race horses. If these matters have been of such real im portance, then neither Mr Fraser or myself, or anybody else need to trouble about the defences of our coasts and towns. So far as South Australians are concerned, at all events, we have only to assemble a lew of the "'fast" creatures who undertake to ,walk "a thousand miles ma thousand hours ; a score or so of racing or betting men a few skilful card sharpers ; some kangaroo do«rs a dozen " picked " children from the model schools ; a loan ol thirty or forty footballers; an equal number of cricket- ters, and all our naval and military heroes might retire into some calm and peaceful retieat. Their services would not be required, because if the formidable forces which I have named, with E. T. Smith at their head, were to line the eoaBt, any impudent armed cruiser, or any number of armed cruisers would retire in utter dismay. The power ot such forces is invincible. This is no joke, it is only an amusing allegory ! -only I nearly forgot to add that twenty or thirty bicycles with their presiding geniuses (I beg pardon— genii) would add to the formidable effect. One item of interest has reached us from home regarding a scheme propounded some years ago, but of which there has been little said of late. The Paris journals state that very sanguine anticipations are indulged in of brilliant and suh- st( ntial results from the success of the scheme tor forming an inland sea in the Sahara. All. De Lssscps and other practical scientific men have given their opinion that the enterprise is pel iectly feasible, and that the cost will be relatively small. All .1 have to say upon this subject just now, is, that M. Do Lesseps is getting to be a very old man, and old incu are of Leu very whimsical in their ideas, as well as somewhat absurd in their oyer sanguine estimates of matters, whether it be in the shape of ctberial poetry or material progress. The gifted b lerich Baron has realized one great dream of his young life in the shape of the bucz Canal, in spite of the strenuous opposition and ridicule he met with in every quarter of the globe, lhat (Jaual or " btrait," (it should be called, " Straitc de Lesseps, ) exists as a monument to his genius and persever ance while living, and it will continue as a " flowing " monu ment after he is dead — " For men may eorne and men may go, But I go on for ever I" One such gigantic undertaking is enough for one man's life, and I think that Barou Lesseps is now experiencing that fact in the grand scheme for wedding the Atlantic to the Pacific, it is quite possible that the great Sahara may be known as the Great Sea, but other inindB must carry it out, Lesseps is rapidly approaching his dotage. He is nearly eighty years of age, and has passed through terrific meutal strains. Neverthe less everything appears colour du rose to liiin, as it did to » Alfred 'leunyson when he produced that ludicrous " Charge of the heavy Brigade ; ' to Walter Savage Lander, an octo genarian, when he published some doggerel welcoming Sir Charles Napier home to England ; and to the late William Jerdan, another octogenarian', who lamented to me one day with tears in his eyes, in his house at Bushey, that he had written an article for Crosse and Blackwell on the sublime sub ject of " Pickles," and that those inappreciative manipulators of "Girkins " and little onions, threw the said article in the rubbish basket I 