Open Coluton. CATHOLICS AND THE BIBLE. TO THE EDITOR. Sir—In seeking space once more in your columns, I shall begin by alluding to " G-.H. S.'a" letter. Any tiling that his letter contains of an intelligible or sensible nature tells against his own religious tenets,- certainly-not against Catholic doctrine. The bulk of his letter is a confused mass of nonsense, interspersed with bigoted and insulting phrases such as the follo'wing:—"That the Roman Catholic Church is guilty of gross imposture in givlug fraudulent and corrupt editions of the New Testament;" their 4 ' inteution of fraud isobvious;" "J. B.L." a papal champion, &c.;" This is what we might expect to come from a member, as he signs himself, of an "Orange Lodge." I decline wasting my own time ana your space in making further cmnmeuts on hi* letters, or in answering his worn-out calumnies. With respect to him I cease to currespond. lu reading and considering the letters from " Protestant," it is difficult iu limited space to know where to begin, or what to write in answer. His words and his arguments are like stones thrown from a sling, al ways going off inatangent, and never coming liack to the point from which they started. He twists and twines, aud wrangles with one's words, and so mangles and changes one's sentences aud meaning by trimming ami false coloring, that to put one : s self right the same arguments should be repeated, aud his every misleading word 1>e taken up and readied to. To look back at the star-tin - ; point of this cerresgonderice oue can hardly realise that his letters have any reference to the " grievance" complained of then. He puts himself forward, too, as a very important person, though .an anonymous writer, ai&he; whose duty- it-is to defend the .State policy-' of this Protestant country," and to speak authorriively and decisively for the State. " R iman Catholics,"-lie says, .*' must not for a moment think the State going to make an exception in favor of the:n, and if Romanists" do not accept the secular e lucition provided for them it is their own " jilt." Good or bad we must accept it, and imposed upon us by men of opiuions and judgments like his own! This is the first " grievance" I complained of in my letter. The second was in reference to the attempt being note maute to introduce the Protestant Bible into State Schools and to f ce it on those who have a " conscientious ohjection." Iu answer to the latter " grievance and injustice," though with cunning he suppresses and makes no aliusious to tiie reasons-given for the "conscientious objection," he argues that such a "grievance" never existed, though I distinctly complained of vbe attempt being now moule to introduce and impose- it. . Aud then on his .false hypothesis he holds me up as a " bearer of false witness agamst my neighbors," and "airing a grievance which does not-exist." With a person like ''Protestant," making statements at random, seizing on every possible worn-out weapon .of caluminy which bigotry and fanaticism could manufacture, falsifying one's statements, attributing the lowest, meanest, and most unworthy motives to the Roman Catholic Church, I say it is difficult ta know what line of argument to pursue. The erroneons ideas, also, he hold-. abontCatholicdogmas, morals, and discipline, and which he confounds one with the other, and so mixes up, would perplex and confuse, not only Protestants who are notinstructed in these points, but enlightened Catholics, and even theologians, and would require a whole treatise to explain and elucidate. This is the difficulty which exists, for the most part, with persons ignorant of the subject they argue or write upon, and my dilemma. However, having made these necessary remarks, X will take up the question of " infallibility," and afterwards allude to a few other points. He denies that the church is infallible. The church is infallible, and was always believed infallible for fifteen centuries before the name of Protestant was heard ot, and when there waa no other chnrch ljut the Rojfpan Catholic Church reoegnised as the true one, and the one established on earth by Christ from the hagMUMng rf lih teaching. Wben Peter had proclaimed the divinity of Christ, which was revealed to him by the Eternal Father, who is in heaven our Lord pronounced him - blessed, and said, " Thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my church, aud the gates of hell shall not prevail against it." "I give to thee the keys of the kingdom of heaven; feed my lambs; feed my sheep," Matt, zvi., John xxL The church is to subsist to the end of time, "to te^ch all nations," and from its office of teaching must necessarily be infallible. The office of infallible teaching is as clear as light from the plain and express words of our Lord, " Simon, Simon, behold Satan hath desired to have you that he may sift you as wheat. But I have prayed for thee that thy faith fail not, and thou being once converted confirm thy brethren," Luke xxiL " Going, therefore, teach all nations ; teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you. And, behold, I am with you all days, even to the consumption of the' world," Matt, xxviii. This was the beginning of the establishment of the church, which Saint Paul calls the " pillar and ground of truth, built upon the foundation of the apostles and prophets, Jesus Christ himself Keing the chief corner stone."—Rph.' ii. 30: And what did Christ's apostles teach ? The dpctrine, the faith, the. gospel of Christ, and "whatsoever he commanded them." Did they, teach those thing* *nfallibl\ r ? When- thfey taught did tft^'fii«^jdis<njpres their., teaching aM inM'il^i^Budid they have recourse to the Bible to read for themselves, and. to take ft as their infallible, guide ! The answer fs obvious. Your "Protestant" correspondent asks where is infallibility to be fouud J and says " the Protestant answer is that infallibility is found only in the Bible." Theu, until the Bible was written (the Old and New Testaments) Christ, according to him, left his church liable to teach error, to lead men away from God, -to falsify his teaching! Were the writers of the New Testament— namely, the apostles and evangelists— capable of writing erroneous doctrine? If not, then they were infallible. If he deny they T'- e infallible, then how can he say tbe-.Bille which they wrote is , infallible ? 'if 'ihe apostles were infalliblefe their teaching did the ; - asity for such infallibility cease at their deaths ? Was not Christ to be with his church uutil the end of time. Why ? And if he is with his church tirill he allow it to-err ? Your correspondent'says the history of the Romari Catholic Church shows it is not infallible. Here, again,, is genuine or Pharasaical iguorance. He does not know, or he pretends not to know, what is meant by " infallibility"'as defined by the Vatican Council, or'the difference between impeccability and infallibility ; and, confounding the one with the other,be proceeds to buildup by his ienorance historical prejudices iu the mindsjof those who are as ignorant as himself on the point. History records no instance of failure of " infallibility". as defined Au the dogma, whilst many instances of peccability are notorious. The following is the definition of infallibility, containing the doctrine we are bound to believe or cease to be Catholics" We teach, and define, divinely revealed, .the dogma that the Roman Pontiff when he speaks ex calhnlra, that is when fulfilling the office of doctor and pastor of all Christians in his supreme apostolical authority, defines a doctrine concerning faith or morals to he held by the universal church, by the divine assistance promised to him in the person of Saint Peter, posf-asses that infallibility which the Divice Redeemer wished his church to possess wlien defining doctrine concerning faith and morals, and therefore such definitions of the Roman Pontiff of themselves, and not by the consent of the church, are irreformable. If any one should dare to contradict this our definition, winch God avert, let liim be anathema."—-Cons, jpastor, &c.; ; A few doubtful cases Popes*, erring bare been brought forward; aril hav*e beer. sauwered over and -over again; and it has been clearly shown that whilst exercising the office in which infallibility is necessary, they have never erred. This is supported by history. Again, he assails the unity of the church, introducing Jesuits, and controversies between Franciscans and Dominicans on matters that were not of dogmatic faith, quoting couucils and popes speakinj of matters of discipline, &c.;, aud says "that he is' glad to know that there is a party iu the Roman Catholic Church that is insisting upon the Bible as the rule of faith more than the authority of fallible men." Your other correspondent, "Lux," was correct iu designating this statement " meauiugless." for the writer of it says " lie is alluding to the Neo-Catholic party (better Neo-Jauseuistic), which is formed by Dr. Dijllenger and other leading priests of Rome." Here he calls heretics Roman Catholics ; says they "are a party" in the church, whereas they are cut off from it, aud believes he has demolished the unity of the church, which as a whole was never broken, by citing controversies on open questions and by bringing forward a handful of men, who, through pride, refused to receive the Infallible Decree of the Church on the D.jgina of Infallibity, and thereby ceased to belong to it! He has chosen another fatal argument to his cause. " Protest&ut; ministers," he says, " perfectly understand that the strength of their teaching lies not in the authority of the church, but iu the clearness with which their teachiug commends itself to the conscience as in harmony with the Word of God." I hope educated Protestant ministers have not chosen hiin as their spokesman. I rather think he has assumed that position himself. Intelligent Protestants will not he satisfied with sucii an absurd statement. Is the teaching of all Protestant ministers of the various denominations—Church of England, Presbyterians, Wesleyans, Baptists, C mgregationalists, &c.;, who differ materially aud essentially among themselves—ail iu harinouy with God's Word? He cays it is in harmony ! Is this not a " libd" ou God's Word ? or a convinciug proof of his absurd arguments ? But he is correct according to his own idea of interpreting the Scripture, for he says what he means by the " Bible beinj its own interpreter," is that " any interpretation taken of Scripture must agree with .Scripture, for the revealed truth of God is harmonious!" He says die Bible contains the will or law of <to-1, bus it contains other things as well which ought n-»t to be called the " will" of G->d. For ye.trs after the death of Christ when there was no Bible, the apostles aud their successors taught the law of God. The successors of the apostles have to teach still. He won't deny, he does not deny, that there is a teachiug body in the church, for he quotes,. " Christ lef c His Holy Spirit as au abiding* comforter, who- -would teach, his disciples all things necessary to salvation and le4d them into all truth." Hereprece:ts Protestant ministers teaching, and I suppose he was taught himself. Surely the Holy Spirit, if he is abiding (and he is) with his church will not teach error or suffer it to,£each error-; therefore, the, church teachings infallible. He says Soman Catholics did not agree a&ong; themselves where the " infallible tribunal which Christ left to ids' chu : : ;h" was to be found, " whether it was in the Pope personally, or in his C mucil of Cardinals mid Bishops, or in the two combined." Well, what then? fle grants it was certainly believed by them to be somewhere in U.e church teaching. Until the Vatican Council it was not defined as a dogma of faith in what particul ar part of the church it rested. Now it is defined by the church, by that august assembly of S00 bishops and cardinals, with the Pope at their he-id, an assembly representing the reitest learning aud sanctity of the world, guided by the Holy Ghost, unanimously proclaiming that according to the revealed; word of God, the Pope, as successor of St. Peter in the primacy, is head of the church, aud in him rests the perogativc of infallibility when teaching ex cathedra, as universal doctor, in matters of faith and morals. Of all .the blshojps in the world hot one has fallen away in consequence of this dogma. He says " lis^yfiijwlflffaie tbBBiblefiTbe a mysterious book. He allows that it deals with profound truths." I have already given him some mysterious passages which contain doefcrmes -necessary for aabation, to be, believed and complied with. (John vi., Peter, iii. &c.;). Now the Triune Ged is revealed in the Bible. We believe and must believe in order, to be saved, that the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost are each God and yet one only God. Is this a mystery ? It is such a mystery that it is atove our power of reason, though it is not contrary to reason. Saint Paul says, " Hold fast the mystery of faith." (Timothy aud i Cor.) And calls those in the ministry "dispensere of the mysteries of God." Our Lord-said to his apostles, "To you it is given to know the mysteries of heaven." (John vi.). Is not the manner in which the Incarnation of our Saviour took place a most profound mystery ? A little learning is a dangerous thing. From his incorrect and absurd statements and* illogical arguments, it will not be difficult'tb comprehend his last effort at logic, though he tries to cloihe it with most iUlogical language. He "says '' Catholics - uniformly " demand that their church shall control education, and will plant schools alongside State schools even when the Bible is not taught there. They are quite logical in that, (we thank him for his admission), and it is only right that the logical conclusion from such a peculiarity should follow likewise, namely, that they should pay for this logical luxury." What a logical conclusion ! JDivest his statement of its dark'miutle and confusin-; phraseology and what shall we discover?. Logic like the following:—The State supplies injurious food to the community, for which the whole of the community must pay. But a section of the community cannot use this food, for it will poison them. His logic is, that this section ought to eat the food, but eat it or no f -, pay for it, and pay also for what they cm eat. Or, to make it clearer and more to the point, the State supplies to the people of this country a Godless (secular) education. for which all must pay ; a section of the people cannot and will not use it because of its noxious nature, but use it or not, they must pay for it, and after paying for it, pay for au education which alone suits them. This is "lo«ic" and "justice" according to his enlightened mind. One word more as to his correcting " J.B. L." My letters, as he himself admits, complained of the operatiou of the Education Act passed by the State, by which Catholics suffer an injustice, aud the introduction of the Bible. I made no " attack" on others of a different persuasion, but carefvlly said, " Other denominations could speak for themselves." Let your readers judge who is the attacking party. Iu conclusion, it is evident no good will come from this controversy. It has assumed a tone which is not christian or gentlemauly. Let the public judge of its merits and of the prudence of closing it. Thanking you, Mr. Editor. I am, Sir, &c.;, August 8, 1882. J. B. L. 