. PERE.PERRAULT. . .. HOW` HE SPENT HIS LEGACY-A PARISIAN STORY. At the fag end of the city, on the southern side, where the gay heart of Paris subsides into scholarly and meditative quarters, stretches a street to which certain details give a grotesque individuality. Viewed at midday, under the most favorable uaspect of sunlight, it cannot be said to be a cheer: ful street. It is pretornaturally still; a number of shabby dogs doze under its door. ways glimpees into back yards reveal piled-up fragments of bones, accummulations of rags and paper, and the general atmos. phere is permeated with the smell of de caying vegetables. Should the visitor come upon some of its inhabitants loitering in the sunlight, men and women would appear to belong to a race bowed of back; clad in gar. ments of ragged and patched antiquity, to assiln a probable original date to which swould pnzzle the ingenious inquirer." He Swould discover, also, certain attributes eomn mon to the physiognomy of both sexes: thus, when the eyes, usually fixed on the ground, are raised, they reveal the same ex. pression of balanced scrutiny, an expression that may'be also detected in those of the doga-and it would seem to indicate in all alike a mind open to the chances of life, but not expecting much from these chances, The spiritless, yet inquiring, attitude Is doubtless a result of the occupation of the tribe. The aspect of the community, canine and human, shows that we have reached that last rung of the big social ladder where stand those who minister in the lowliest form to the imperious demands clvilisation makes upon human nature. It is the chiffoniers' quarter, and this long street is the Rue Mouffetard. The toil of the Mouffetardianas is during the night. Their sleep is during the day. It is by no means always the sleep of the jusat; oftener the aldmbere proceed from the brandy bottle. One forenoon a commotion arose in the Rue Mouffetard-caused by the unprece dented tidings that the postman clat teringup the street was inqurrin for one of its inhaitans "Pore Perrault. "There was a letter for Pere Perrault I" A host of ragged children ran out of the gutters prof. ferng guidance to the official. They trotted by his side, pointing with extended fore finger, while another detachment set off it a run to wake up Pere Perranlt. As the postman was turning into a grubby yard. there came out of it toward him a bent figure, led by clamorous urchins. It was that of a large-boned man clad in a grey blouse; his nether garments, a mosaic of stained patches, showed that damp bagginess at the knees which is the low. spirited protest of old garments against rough usage. He stood in moldy old shoes. The gaunt fae, surrounded by banks of gray hair, was blank in the bewilderment of an unprecedented experience. Behind this central group bustled up a little woman, with broad brown eyes, shrewd and bright, her tanned features covered with a net-work of wrinketo. "Is your name Perrault ' inquired the postman, eying the man with business-like distrust. "Bat-yes--it is Pere Perrault-and I am his wife," exclaimed the woman with great volubility and gesture, her hands going up at every assertion. The postman fambled in the black box suspended across his chest by a strap. "Registered letter. Can yon write," he asked. "A letter for mel" muttered the chif fonier. - "He can't," cried Mere Perrnalt with vivacity; the excitement that cast her hus band's wits adrift sharpening hera. "eIf can't," echoed all round the yard, filling with spectators. It is to be' doubted if -any member of the Quartier Mouffetard.could have deciphered the signs the learned of their species had de cided upon as a vehicle of communication for thought. The ignorance added to the sense of something extraordinary having happened in the arrival of a letter among them-a" letter that was not to be delivered in an irresponsible lashion, but required, -before- giving it up, the attestation of the recipient. The postman opened a book. "Pat a sign--across-here," he said, with the la. conic brevity becoming the man in office. Pere Perrault laboriously affixed a cross where the postman's inger kept pointing, and it was evident as he did so that his hand trembled. When the oblong parcel was de livered over to him, "a letter for me," he muttered again, as he turned it round and round,.and his face. wore a dazed ei pression as if he were looking at a ghost. For forty years the world outside the Rde Mouffetard had resolved itself' to him in ia number 'of refuse heaps placed before its doors, out of which he and his wife, baskets on back, lantern and hook in hand, and as dog at their heels, had nightly picked odds and ends, the sale of which formed their means, of livelihood. No link connectd him with the outside world but the rubbish it flung into the streets. Paris had gone through its agonies of revolution, Govern ments came ahd went, the reign of frivolity and fashion eddied in the streets where blood had lately flowed, and in all these transformations Pere Perrault had trudged through the darkness, bending over the re fuse heaps, unaffected by the life beyond. Now from this outside world a message came to him; and' he trembled before the ".;mysterious visitant. "L'Eirivia : public," ex'lairied Mere Perrault, '"giing an animated tug to the handkerchief wound turban?like round her head.. " L'E-isian public." echoed children and .'-chiffoniers :of- Pere Perrault stood turning Sthei letter, his mind not having. yet formu lized the necessity of taking a step toward the 'unravelling of the secret it held. His "?;wife seized him by the sleeve, and as she 'dragged him along he instinctively clutched the missive and held it againsthis chest. The old couple walked'idpidly, followed by Sa, procession of small open-mouthed rags muffins, aid those of the chiltoniere who had sufficiently oued h.fhemselvea 'from their slambers. They made their way to a wooden ashed planed up against a.wall, over the door !of S' which an inscription announced that the Ec rivian public dwelt therein. " His charge for reading letters was from ten to twenty 'centimes; and for writing, fifty centimes. ..seventy-five centimes, and one franc. All the' ieghbohood knew the tariff by heart, ad- - ndereood. that' the sa~ale of prices varied according to the length, character and ' amount of 'pasion infused into the compo sitionas. The rle'played by the E?rivean "' public 'may be described as a cut between that of the barber of the Middle Ages and of the ednfessor. He knew the affairs of the I, Quartier, and was acquainted with its moeat intimate secret. For over a quarter of a .century he had made out its bills, he had written its letters of love. of sorrow, and of 'appeal. Pere aod Mere Perrault knew the ' .important man by sight, but it was the first S:tih'ethey had croeed the threshold of his sanctum. The procession that had followed a'" their heels waited outside as they paseed w within. = Behinds table littered with some thumbed vo:'lumes and writing materials sat the 'learned man. L'Ecrivnan public was flabby ,.,'and round ,of limb, his scarce locks issued from a faded green cap, his beard was abshun. S,:dant, and his ruend spectacles imporessive. . L'Ecrivian public bad.a wide expenrience of letters, and he seemedd to recognize at a glance that thi was an important communi cation, Pere Perranlt grudgingly handed to him, while his wife put a two.sons piece on the table. He looked over his spectacles from the neat and formal superscription to ward°-the two old people, and then de. liberately broke the seal. The finely.balanced voice of the Ecrivian publio shook a little as he read aloud that the Sins-Prefet, of Sceaux, having communi cated with the Maire of the XIII Arrondisse. meat of Paris, had ascertained that Jean Desiro .Perrault was still alive pursuing the calling of chiffonier. He now announced to him that by the death a few weeks pre. vious of his brother Armand Leon he in herited the sum of 3000 francs. "Voils, my friend, allow me to offer you my best congratulations," said the Ecrivian, who possessed a fine tact and power of expres sion. P're Perrault remained without finding a word to say, looking drowsily at the speaker. "Three thousand francs I" cried Mere Perrault, eatching her breath. "Who ever heard the like-three thousand francs I" .:It is a pretty sum. It is not often I have to iread such news to my customers," said the Ecrivian. Still Pcre Perrault remained silent, look ing stupidly at the learned man with the round spectacles and the flowing beard. Presently he muttered: "lEh, say that again. Three thousand francs," but the words did not seem to bring any meaning to his mind. " Yes, there it it is, quite in form. I never read a better written letter, and I have experience," said the Ecrivian. "But yes-yes, it is clear as the day," shouted Mere Perrault into her husband's ear, tapping the palm of her left hand with her closed right fist. Your brother, the miser, who would not lend you a few miser. able francs when you were without a son, is dead- yes, dead, and has left you three thousand francs-you understand, three thousand francs," and to emphasize this in formation Mere Perralnit hit her left palm with a succession of little knocks from her The energetic cleverness of his wife did not communicate itself to Pere Perranut. "Yes-yes, three thousand francs," he re peated in the same mechanical fashion, with out a responsive gleam in his eyes. He re mained standing where he was, asklting no question-making no movement, but a fox. like keenness had suddenly developed in Mere Perrault. The money must not be sent to the home; she had grown fearful of thieves, she had become suspicious, refusing the services of the Ecrivian public to take charge of the sum and place it in the Caisse d'Epargne. She all at once recognized the virtue of spiritual authority, and, seizing her husband by the tail of his blouse, announced her intention of going to see Monsieur Is Cure. A feverish movement on the part of Pere Perrault revealed that through his dulled senses an appreciation of his good fortune had entered. The Ecrivian public, on returning the letter, let the string that bound the registered envelope fall on the floor. With trembling haste the chiffonier ducked under the table, and, with shaking fingers, clutched it, as if it, too, were precious. Mere Perrault did not pause to tell the news to the eager loiterers outside, but with firm hold of her husband made her way to the presbytery. Monsieur Is Care was at the door, just going out, but he turned back and listened with interest to the old woman's story. His efforts to minister to the spiritual needs of the Monffetardians were not appre ciated by this Bohemian section of his flock, but he was a man of an indulgent turn of mind, guilelessly eager to do good with. out claiming any tribute of gratitude. He now felt sure that for the speedier and more secure payment of the legacy there would be certain formalities to be gone through by this wide-awake woman and stupid-looking man, which it is probable they would blunder over alone. He therefore once more put on his shovel hat, and bade them come with him to the Mayoralty of the Arrondissement. The counsels the priest during the walk gave to the old people as to the placing of this money were addressed to the wife, for the husband seemed too dazed to under. stand as he stalked along dumbly clutching the letter against his chest. At the Mairio the authorities soon confined their questions to Mere Perrault. apparently judging the old man to be little removed from an idiot, who could do nothing but feebly reiterate the questions put to him. Still, that the chif. fonier was not ignorant of the change that had come in his fortune was again mani. feasted by his obstinate refusal to give up into the civil authorities, in return for a formal receipt thereof, the letter he had re ceived that morning. It required, to induce him to part with the precious document, the fluent and vivid representations of his wife that it was guarded by the Church in the person of Mousier Is Cure, by the law in that of the officials surroundered by books and rolls of paper, and by the army in the sentiels posted at the door of the Marie. The news of the legacy told to some of the loiterers of the Ecravian public had pre ceded the old couple on their return to the Rue Monffetard. The quarter was on the tiptoe of excitement. A sandden regard for Pere Perrault had developed itself in the community. Mere Perranlt noted how the old man was treated with a respect he had never experienced before. The gargtte of Pore Michel was the resort of chiffoniers on holiday occasions. Thither Pero Perrault went at the invitation of his friends, to talk over the big question how to spend 3000 francs. It was felt due to the community to consider the question as one of public in. terest, to be properly discussed only before a table on which stood brandy and petit via blen. The Mouffetardians are a silent race for one of Gallic origin, but they can come out volubly on occasions, with speech I literally strewn with rapristis and other ex pletives, to which the rumble of Ra gives a I distant semblance to the matter of artillery. The health of Pere Perrault was drank with aclamnation, Pore Perrault ackno..ledg ing the honor by drinking to it himself. It was repeated with emphasis that the chif fonier was an honor to the community. He deserved his lnck. And it was remembered how on two ocessions-one when he found a silver teaspoon in a dust-heap, and another time a silver fork-he had with the proceeds of their sale treated his friends. It was hoped that on this occasion of his good for tune he would not be found lagging behind, for. said Pore Biot, the orator of the quarter, S"The word fraternity is a falsehood when Sthe good luck of one of its members is not the good luck of all." Mere Perrault, whose late lynx-eyed vigilance had now assumed the form of caution, gave but a taciturn en couragement to the company's hope of a treat. "Good money must not be wasted on liquor," she remarked. Pre Perrault, however, in the surrounding stmosphere of cordiality, was showing symptoms of awaking out of his somnambulistic condition;he Snodded, and gave his word that when he touched his legacy he would spend a whole louis d'or in treating his mates. After this assurance the company tLok up the question in hand with gusto. The Mouffetardians are not politicians. It is dlif. ficnlt to swindle the imagination of men who have no experience of lifeo's chances but those presented by rubbish heaps. Changes in the forms of society's government do not affect those who do not understand the first meaning of aspiration, and are unable to I fancy what enlarged life means. Still, there were in the quarter some Sspirits steeped in the direct colors of repub. Slicanism, and one of them vowed with many Smattered ejaculations that had he 3000 francs he would devote every son of them toward ridding the country of despotism. The Mooffetardians are a reckless, lawless Bohemian set, but they are not of a spoil. sport dispomition, and the suggestion was fiercely overruled and silenced as one likely. uo mar the geniality of the meeting. To the majority present the prospect of doing no. thing more, but smoking and imbibing any amount of san do vie, appeared the only rational way of enjoying existence and spending 3000 francs. Pere Blot, who had largr views, spoke up, and demonstrated that a chiffonier who would deserve well of the community should do something for his fellows; he held, therefore, that PBre Per ranlt ought to set up as a maitre chiffonier, buying up from his old mates, and giving better prices for their pickings. A round of applause greeted this proposition. Pero Perrault listened to the knocking of glasses about him. A feverish brightness gleamed in his eyes, but he remained vaguely mono syllabic. "That would be good; he did not say no." A chiffonier of feebler metal than his fellows, who had been known to wander to the fortifications and bring-home limp nosegays of wild flowers, admitted that had he 3000 francs he would have no more to do with the concern; he would bpy a little house outside the barrire, with a strip of garden to dig, in which he would plant cab. bages and beans. Of a Sunday Pere Perraunlt might ask his friends to come and sit in the shade and breathe the air. Pere Perrault puffed away at his pipe, and gave that mysterious soft chuckle that neither agreed nor disagreed; but More Per. rault, who rather liko the last suggestion, noticed that the glow deepened In his pale cheek as he hearkened to it, yet he secmed thinking of something else. There was a queer look in his eyes, as if he were seeing there before him what no one elso saw. The idea struck her that her old man had a notion of his own he was holding close. That evening the old couple sat over the stove with Medor, their dog, between them. Many rude and unlovely details littered the room, for Pere Perrault did not, as did the more indolent of his tribe, dispose of his pickings from the rubbish heaps en bloc, but, carrying these home, sorted and disposed of them in detail Compared to some of his mates, Perraulnt was a pattern of re spectability. He was one of the few Mouffetardians whose union with one of the other sex was not a dubious and ephemeral contract, unrecognized by Church or State. He had entered in the matrimonial bond at Sceaunx, before that quarrel with his brother the miser, shortly after which he had left his native village. He indulged rarely in libations of brandy, preferring light sour wine to more fiery liquors, except occa. sionally on Sundays or national holidays, when actuated by an indistinct idea that it was right to be festive; but Perrault's in ebriation was always of agrotesquely sombre character. Mlre Perranlt's imagination was now indulging itself in dreams of a garden planted with cabbages, of a constant supply of soup flavored with fresh vegetables, of a dry roof overhead in bad weather. Con. sidering this prospect of comfort and plenty, her gipsy life seemed to her a bitter experi. ence of tramps in the distracting wind and soaking rain. Pere Perrault was silent, but it. was no longer the silence of stupidity. A smoul denng excitement kept him still; he was graspimg baggy knees with his hands, and starng into the fire with that odd feverish look. "It is not that I shall do with the money," he suddenly said. "It shall be a garden-yes; but it shall not be planted with cabbages ; it will be planted with flowers and evergreens." "Evergreens I But what kind of garden will that be?" asked his wife. "It will be a bit of ground in the ceme tery," he replied. Mere Perrault enveloped herhusband with a scrutinising and apprehensive glance, as if she feared he had gone daft. "There will be a beautiful headstone with our names written on it quite plain : 'Cy, gisent Jean Desire Perrault, et Odette Celes. tine, son spouse, Chiffoniers,' and then our age," continued Perrault, who, now that his tongue was loosened, spoke unhesitatingly. "Are yon gone mad, Perrault ?" asked his wife, bending her sbshagg eyebrows. "It will be beautiful, like a corner of. one of the gardens in the Luxembourg; and it will belong to us a perpetuire-d perpetuDte. Do you understand, a prpetuilte -for ever ; for hundreds of years - always-and all the time the people will know us and speak of us," contlnued Pere Perrault without heed ing his wife, and chuckling to himself, and rubbing his hands up and down over his knees. "But have you gone mad?" she'-ried again, shaking her hand up in the air. " What does it signily after death. to lie in a fine place if you must labor and weary in life.' "What does it signify ?" cried the old man, turning upon her with a gesture of frightful energy. " Ill tell you what : Do you remember Totin? I saw him dead. I went to his funeral. I did not care for Totin living, but when I saw him lying there on a pailloase motionless, then sewn up in a dirty sheet, nailed down in a deal box-well, I tell you, I felt something here"-and he struck his chest. "It seemed nothing to me that Totin should grub in the dirt while we lived, but as he lay there dead before me I felt somehow as if I loved him. That was why I went to his funeral. Then, when I saw him put down into the fosse commune, I thought, 'There he is; no one knew hint alive and know one will know him dead ; not his name, or anything about him;' then I said to myself, ' Perault, Perault,' I said to myself, ' the degradation is the fosse comment.' " "The fosse commune or another grave, it is the same to me," said Mere Perrault with hitter emphasis. "What I want is a little comfort in life-that bit of garden with the cabbages." Pere Perrault indulged in one of those ex pletives not known sn any polite society. "A cabbage garden --I don t want your cabbage garden. I dig in the snnshine I N'o-it is not. I will do it. I still prefer my trade; I know it, and it knows me. Here I come to a heap of rubbish-I look at it; I guess what I shall find; it never disap. points me; sometimes it gives me more." "It is a rough trade," feebly put in Mere Perrault, overborne by her husband's vehe "It is a rough trade; all the more reason to take my ease after death. I made friends with one of the gardeners in Pere la Chaise He showed me the tombs. There is a fine one to two people; he told me their story. I remember their names, for I said them to myself over and over again-Madame Louise et Monsieur Abeliart. They lived hundreds and hundreds of years ago; they loved each other; they could not marry, so she became a nun, he became a monk, but after their death there they came together. There they lie like bride and bridegroom, and every one knows their story, and every one tells it. Bah I In the fosrse commuse you would lie there, and I would here," making a gesture of his hand in opposite directions, "bhut in our bit of ground we'd be together, and every one woulcd always know as we were husband and wife." "That would be gentil, certainly," said Mere Perrault, softly, a thrill of amaement passing through her frame at these extraor dinary words. "I shall have a picture of our basket and hooks carved upon the tombstone, said Pore Perrault. "We might have Medor's lietre pat there, too," remarked Mere Perrault " Ibelieve it, indeed, the rogue I'. Lord I he trots by our side as if he were himself a chiffonier," said Pere Perrault, givig' a genial kick to the dozing quadruped, who sat up responsively, blinked one eye at his master and shook his.rag of a tail. Theold couple chattered until deep into the night; for the first time they forgot to do rag.picking. Pere Perrault had won his wife's complete adhesion to the scheme of this wish to be known to the world and poe. terity as her spouse. Her Imagination, once kindled, travelled as fast as her husband's in picturing the maunsoleum erected to their united memory. The note had been struck that set these two old hearts beating in unison. They grew garrulous with each other, those two whose married life had been so morose. They confided to each other the fancies that crowded into their brains. They vaguely felt drawn to each other as in the olden days when they had walked as sweet hearts in the woods of Sceanu, and the fire. light glancing upon their wrinkled faces to touch them with something of a uniting radiance. (To be continued.) 