ST. ANDREW'S CHURCH. The chief corner stone of St. Andrew's Church of England, South Brisbane, was laid on Baturw day afternoon by Hia Lordship Bishop Hale. There were also present the Anglioan clergy in and around Brisbane, besides some prominent lay_ members of the church. The ceremony, which was of an impressive natnro, was en liveneai Dy tne singing of .two appropriate hymns -and chants. After 'declaring the stone well and truly laid in the name of Jesus Christ, His Lordship delivered .an address which was listened to by a large number of the con gregation. The foundation stone of this edifice was laid about three years since, but owing to want of funds the work had to bo stopped. The church when completed will be about the handsomest in Brisbane, and occupies a very commanding position, being on the Blope of the hill near the intersection of Vulture-street with the South Brisbane Park. Signor Scombuco is the architect, and Mr. O'Keefe the contrac tor of the new building, which is expected to be ready for Divine service about next Christmas.' In a cavity of the stone was placed a bottle containing copies of the daily papers and the following document:— ' In the name of the Father, and of tho Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. ' Church.' of St. Andrew, South Brisbane. ' The ioorner stone of thiB ohuroh waslaid;on' the 3rd day, of June, in the year of our Lord one thousand eigtt hundred and eighty-two, by the i Bight Heverend Matthew , Blagden Hale, D.D., Lord Bishop of Brisbane. .In cumbent— Uev. Edward Meeros, A.K.O.,- Lon-, don. Ohuroh wardens — MoBsrs. A. EH. Pietzcke'r, S. Qrimley, and B. Doighton. Parochial- Oounoil— Messra. W. T. Blakeneiy, E. Green; O. ?. .Mil^JT. Si 'P. Bourne, T.. Edridgej A. J. Hooklnga,. J. G, Anderson, 0\. Jones,, and W. B. Wood. Building Com mittee — Messra. J. Q. Anderson, E. Green, E. Deighton, S. Grimloy, A. J. Hookiugs, A. R. H. Pietzoker, 0. E' Lay ton, W. B. Wood, W. T. Biakeney,;E. D, B. Hotei'and J.,S. P. Bourne. Trustees— Messrs. A. J. Hockings, E. Deighton, 8. Grimleyi E. D. R. Ross, and W. T. Blakeney. The following clergy were pre sent—The Ven. Benjamin Glennie, Arohdeacon of Brisbane ; the Revs. J. Sutton (St. John's, Brisbane), O. G; Booinson' (All Saints', Bris bane), D. A. Court (St.. Mary's,' Brisbane), H. Guinness (Holy Trinity, Brisbane), W. Kil dahl (Christ Ohurch; Milton), and E. Meeres, of South Brisbane. Architect, Signor A. Stombuco; contractor, Mr. J. A. M. O'Keeffe. 1 Gloria in Excelsis Deo.' " His Lordship was, at the close of the ceremony, presented with a handsome silver mallet. Skokino OABEiAOBj.— A -, cprreBpondent who, resides at Sandgate, writes to say that on' two occasions recently— the latest being this morn ing—ladies have been put into the, smoking1, carriageibjr the stationmaster at Nudgee. He saye, this is not fair either to the ladies or the smokersJ '? ; - - ..-?;?? Tkb Wbatheb.— Fine w«athar again pre vails throughout the .oolony,, the only places', reporting rain during the previous, twenty-four hours being Cape Moreton (0^04), and Mackay (0fi5). 'At 9 o'olqqk this morning- 'it waft Bhowery at Sydney arid fine at Melbourne. Insolvency Business. — In the Supreme Court this morning, in Insolvency, before His Honour; Mr. Justice Harding, Mr. Chambers applied for an adjournment of the certificate Bitting in the estate of Patrick Orautch, as the oreditor's trustee (Mr. Kennedy) had failed to , file his report, and for an order requiring the trustee to file his report. His Honour ordered the Bitting to be aajonrned till July 19, and tho trustee to file his report in the usual manner before Jhne 19. ?,,??.? Petty Debts Govbt.— At the sittings of tho Petty Debts Oonrt this morning before Messrs. Merry, Heal,'.and Payne, JJ.P in the defended case of jA. Low V. No Ohoy, claim £4 2s., damaged done to property, tho plaintiff was non- suited; Mr. , Sheridan appeared for the defendant. In the defended oaao of G. T. Bell and Co. . v. George Goss, claim £i, for a horsq sold^ a jverdict waa given for tho plaintiff . for the a/rount claimed with cobU of court, and fis. witnesses' expenses. Mr. Smith appeared for the defendant. . ' Thb SRawi-wav Dbputation.— The answer given by th,e Premier1 about the route of the proposed Logan railway, shows (says the Login Witness) that, the engineers are beginning to find out tba truth of, what really coinpotent juderes havo oil along pointed out as the most feaaiblo route for a railway to'take to suit all parties interested both on the Upper and Lower Logan district, viz. .?-^?From South Brisbane to a point noar Watorford, from' thenoe up the iliog.in for'theUppor'Logan traffio,' arid from thid poiiit a line to Beenleigh through to South port and the.Tweed. ? This no doubt will be the polidy of, tho Ministry and .tho whole will be embodied in the next loan bill. That tioket will win the next Logan eleotion for tho Go vernment. ? ..-.'? Execuwom. — Jimmy, tho kanaka, who -wan sentenced to death for the murder of Mr. and Mrs. Worth, 'at' North Bunduborg, was this' morning exeouted in the Brisbane Gaol yard. Tho convict had been attended by the Revs. Dr; iKelynaok and Father Fouhy, neither of .whom, however, was ablo to make any im pression! upon him. When led from the oon dcinnod call, this -morning, he behaved like a madman, kicking and biting at,. tho warders.' He refused to. ascond tho Boaffold,, and had ultimately to be carried up, all the whilo resisting violently. When the rope waa about to bo udjuBted he throw himself down at full length, and'despito the efiorta of the warders oould not be made to stand up. In oonsequenca of the position in whioh the orimiual was lying tho drop was lessened by about five feet, and the result was that (loath did not ensuo for nearly two minutes, after the drppi When life was pro nounced to be extinct the body waa oat down. : ij'.V ' .:-.-,v^'.Vj!/. '.:-.'-v)'-. .-?;.: ,1L'! ,.'/.) - 