fllMscellaneoug. A CAT ATTACKED BY TWO RLAOKMIIDS. A CORRESPONDENT WTltCS ? — " TI10 lOllOWlDg extraordinary and touching scono wni wit nessed by a gcntloman in his garden at Maldon. A fledgling blaokbird, evidently jnst escaped from its nest closa by, had with somo hanging branches of a limo tree. A cat also had observed the yoang 1 flyer,' and immedi ately gavo chaso, rushing up tlio stem ot tha tree with tho intention of getting on tho branch to obtain her prey ; bntmeanwhilo tho parent birds had como npon the scene, and seeing the situation -of their nestling, attacked tho cat with tho ntmost bravery, trying to prevent her crawling on tho . branch. Tboy kept alternately flying at her, using, tbeur beaks and wings incessantly with tbo utmost fury, and getting fearlessly within range of tho cat's claws, and whilo ono was pouncing at<hcr head, the other would execute a 'flank attack, both of thom keeping up all the time that continuous, noisy, angry chatter which blaokbirds so well lrnow how to make on occasion. Theso bold, strategic movements confused tho cat vory much, as her position in tho trco was not advantageous, but sho kopt snarling and striking out with her talons whenever an opportunity occurred. The in terested observer tried to help tho birds, but, from the lower branches of the treo interven-, ing, missiles were not of much' use. He was obliged to leave the exciting scene,- but after a long absence returned, and found the combat still going on, and a person who had watched during tlio interval said tho two birds had kept up tho attack without ceasing, foroing the enomy to keep on tho defonsivo only ; and this desperate struggle kept on for two hours, till tbo birds were completely exhausted, and sat 1 all in a heap,' looldng as though thoy had lost half their feathers. But thoy had kept tho destroyer from their little fledgling, and their friend at last managed with somo troublo to dislogo tho cat. . In tho afternoon tho birds - seemed to have quito recovered themselves, and wore singing victoriously in tho garden, in celebration of what, perhaps, was one of tho longest and pluokicst fights of the kind that has ever been known." A WARNING TO nUGGKRS. Tim re is a " case " On tho practice bdok of a well- known physician of West Oakland, which ought to constituto a warning, .and is, beside, an interesting surgical oxamplo of " tho discobcsivo yielding of tho flexions in old ago "—as the dootor has it. Some months ago a young man arrived in Oakleigh from Montana. Ho proceeded at onco to tbo homo of Iris parents. Tho door was- oponcd by tho. young man's grandmother, then nearly 70 years of ago, and for whom ho entertains a most commendable affection. Tho young man was a great favorite with; tho old lady ; when ho was a mere ohild sho had-raado muoh of liim, had sympathised with his boy- iBh troubles, and had fumiBhcd him ,with tlio sinows of war for many a youthful frolio. Ho had been a good and grateful grandson, and naturally, as tboy had .bocn parted for sovc- ral years, tho greeting wes an effusivo one. But tho old lady failed to realise that her favorito was no longer a budding stripling. Tho full-grown hc&rdcd; man before hor, with brawn on his shapely limbs, and toil- toughed muGolo on his sinewy arms, was thirty pounds heavier and more than a littlo stronger than tho boy whom sho had kissed and sent to bed for the last timo oight years before. And on his part, the young man > did not rcaliso that "gran'ma" was no longer tho vigorous lady whom ho had played with rompingly ns a merry sohoolboy in their far- off eastern homo. To his clad, irratoful. grand-filial breast ho caught her aged form and hugged her tight with the warm impulsiveness of tempestuous youth. Had she been tho UBual sweetheart, thero might have been no worso result than a fraoturcd section of tho wlialcboncd stays, or a momentary cessation of not too necessary respiration. .As it was, tho, old lady said, simply, " Oh, my I" nnd sank baok. upon his shouldor in a dead faint. When she recov ered from that sho oomplaincd of a griovous pain in her right sido. A physioian was 'sent for, and hin examination. showed that thrco. ribs had linen .dislocated, by tho "grand filial hug," and that tho situation was a critical ono, owing to tho lady'a oxtremo age, and to tho fact that- sho'. was rather portly) and bandaging would, thorcloro, bo deprived of much of its effectiveness.' The old lady, has been under medical treatment ever sinco,1 and is not at present suffering much pain. ; Hor disconsolate and unreasonably self-reproach- ful grandson is her most devoted attendant.— San Francisco Chronicle. . survival of a man into whose drain a ' rrf.ecnrin had passed. There appeared in tho rotunda of the Wind-' Ror Hotel, last evening, a gentleman who at tracted no littlo attention and coinmont. Not that ho was odd in' make-up; or eooentrio in demeanour, bnt because ho. bore upon his forehead, tbo ghastly mark of & miraculous escapo from death. Everybody who noticed tlio long red lino, looked a secdn'd' and third timo, and looking, suggested that the. man had something interesting in bis history.- An in- qUiry nt tho.' desk, revealed tho fact that', ho ;wasaNcw York journalist, tlio editor of 'tho Gastronomist, and that Ms naino was John J. :Kempstor. Upon solicitation, Mr, Kempster told a roportor tho story of tho wound. It occurred whilo was duck shooting in Now Jersey, on tho 23rd of Soptomber, 1880. Said Mr. Kempstor : "I wandered into the marshes about a mile and a half from tho littlo village, and finally obtalned.a good shot at a.flook of dudko who were swimming in' a- shallow slough. I fired, and- that wa3tho;laat -I re membered for some time. Whon I recovered consciousness, I was lying flat on my book ; tlio sun beating down on mo. IknowthatI was wounded, but for many minutes could not im- agino where tho injury was. Bettor senso c&mo; to mo slowly, and with /it strength; T folt something trickling down my, forehead, and, putting up my hand, touohed a thin coating, that proved to bo mingled blood and brain8i Then I understood tbat tbo.gun had exploded or discharged itsoU ' through tho breech, and something bad penotratod my forehead. I raised my-band a second timo, and felt tho smaller end of a brccohpin pro truding from my head. I immediately thought all was up, and commenced to mako my peace with God in prayer. I grow stronger and moro conscious of my condition however, and in tho hopo of scooring medical aid that might savo my life, I struggled to my feet. A heaviness, as if my brain cavity wao loaded with lead, was all that I suffered. Evory- fliinrr nrmr»r» w>/1 nnfiiml Ia trirt flirt Imm IIia shrubbery, and tho marBbos, and ovon tbo path I had token, was distinct to my mind. I was oven tbougbttui onough to tako np tbo broken gun and oxamino it. Tho stook was soparstod from tho barrels — imbedded ;irt jny brain was tho absont breech'pin. ' " I walked baok to tho village. It soomod an ago botoro I got there, tho invisiblo weight <m my head bonding .iho ' to tho gronnd. I novcr rested though, but kopt on, with only a vaguo hopo lor life encouraging mo. When I arrived at tho hotel whoro I was stopping, tho pcoplo scoing mo, Sod ns it. a ghost .wero approaching through tho daylight... When I told tho dork to go for a surgeon, ho stood as it palsied. I grow mad, and shoated to bim to find a snrgcon or I should dio, and then I foil to tho floor spooohloss. I was again un conscious until tho operation had boon per formed, and tho iron pin was taken oS my brain. It was a bungling piece oi work, two country physicians, who know as much about surgery as I do of Chootaw, booking and howing, and sawing my head until they had opened it, as you can sec, moro than two and a half inohes. Thon I was pat on tho train nnd sent to Now York. Until unconscious ness como to my relief again, I was in tho most-tarriblo agony, my brain aching as. thongh a thousand daggers woro piercing it. I remember being placed in tho hospital am- bnlanco; tho remarks ot bystandors that I conld not livo ; tho jolting noiso through tho streets; the ringing of tho ambulance boll; whioh soundedUkoadoath-knelltb mo; and after that, all was blank. It was sovoral days beforo I camo to, and well I recollect the first query I mado to tho doctor: "Was thoro any probability, that my lifo. would bo. safo?',' Four months afterward I was' onco' mora at my desk, grinding away as if my brains .were intact." ' Where tho brccohpin entered Ur. Kemp- ster's head, thero is a space of about half an- inoh in diameter, whoro tho catlolo touches' tho brain, and moves with each pulsation of tho organ. A cutting of tho skin would ex- pose tho brain.- —Denser (Col.) Tribune. 