STORYTELLER. BAFFLED; OK, CLARENCE DAWN'S FORTUNES. , The Story of a City that is. Dead, and of People who Live. ' 'CHAPTER X. ' WHAT BECAME OF TEE MAJOR* The .' lawless : characters of Scrubb Creek looked on Major Harris as a most apgerous mac ; cot ' dangerous in tbe dense that. tbey were, but. as strpng, fear sless men are dangerous to the wholly de praved. There was that about him that made men, conscious of their own guilt, step, aside. (wjth a feeling of undefinabie , dread when, he appeared. jic liad , been watcbed ? and trailed, for . , weeks 'at a time;. but all. the efforts of the desperadoes to learn who he was, where he camp from, . and why he. persisted in re maining in Scrubb Creek— of all places in the world— were unavailing. ? He Pressed well, but without display ; but no matter, what his costume plight have bceD, .the erect carriage^ the strong, \ ; measured . step, the square; set of the shpujders, and the , habit of. keeping his loft hand, closed, as if grasping a scabbard by .bis . side, while the right arm swung i with the regularity of a particularly rigor ous pendulum, told he , had been a soldier, if he wasnot at this -time. Every attempt to draw him out failed. He bad a manner that chilled'. every ad vance he wished to stop; and. -when he did speak : to : others than his few- friends it was with the quick, , i brusque ; tones of ? ; ono gi,vipg an order to subordinates. ,, ' Mr. rJack.-Felteriiad been in the icon stnnt habitof giving his ?'?privato.opinion' 'of .Major ;Harrisir:an;°pinion' in ;Wbich bis ; 'b^r.-rpom TOmpanions ; concurred , publicly and loudly. ; but . of . late ? be . -never men tioned the man, and appeared to be uneasy when any one else did. ► It was, of course, .known to Felter and Captain George Elkins that Major Harris was anxious to secure, — at any price, a good, capacious waggon and a strong , team of mules. And they lurther knew that if the major succeeded that he and Clarence Dawn would at once start for civilization arid the Fast, as an escort for the ladies at Mrs.. Palmer's. For reasons that will soon be given, Captain ! El kins was anxious not to lose sight of . Mrs. Palmer and her daughter; and that lie might gratify this wish he determined to exhaust .all his power and ingenuity to keep them where they were. Ho would have hailed, as a most com forting-friend, the man who brought him proof lha't tl e mother and daughter were . in their graves. For reasons that tho reader already knows, Jack Felter and his henchman, Sam.Bly, were not only anxious to keep Alice Palmer and Mary Raymond in the town, but also strongly determined that they should not leave. ? \- There was one point on which these three men were agreed, viz., tliat Major ? : Harris aud Clarence I)awn were very much in their way, and would continue to be rn' their way so long as they were free to come and go as they pleased.. It was Elkins .who got one of hit frieDds to ' tell another man to tell Major Harris that Solon Jones, a . farmer some miles down the stream, was willing to sell a wagon and mules. Hours before Major Harris rode away, with his rifles : resting before him on the saddle, .' and : the -handles of his pistols within easy reachi Elkins knew that lie was going, And Elkins planned that he should not return. Had the major kept in the road that wound -along: tlie stream, and in places shaded by wild vines and cottonwoods, the chances are 'that he would never have reached- Solon Jones's to discover that his mission was bootless. The military instinct was so strong iu him that his 'suspicion of danger or plot . I was excited. He proved that the bravest 'are the '-Boost prudent, by keeping well out in the prairiej and exercising the vigi lant lookout of a scout within the lines of tbe enemy, Solon Jones wasnot atliome; indeed, the cabin looked as if Solon Jones had ? , given it up and joined in the flight of the people) for. the interior was vacant, and' must hav.c been for some days, judging by the rattlesnake' coiled in tbe centre of the eartbeiiffloor, and the owl brinking od the crane above the gray, cold hearth. ^Ontaae there, ^as .nothing iu sight' to indicateHlhat' Solon Jonep intendep re : turning;at an early day. The frail fence .. , was, down^about.,th'e. porn patch; .the rain had beaten : .out the tracksVon the patch : .leading., ^q^n . to, the spring,; #iid two ; prairie rWolveS; sat ona knoll near by . with . the cflnpdence ofauimals ponvinced that1 ' ? their -ancient doprain WB .again In their possession. It did .not . take . Major Harris long to . see tbat he was deceived, and to reach the , ! conclusion that,. this deception was the :„Wpit.o/ the. enemy; There was. Ino.thing, left but to get back to, -town. He ..mounted his horse and started at a gallop for the rolling prairies. He. had ridden -hut a short distance when , two shol£ dang out: from the direction of tbeeotton woods.. ? ;? I'ljHe hada ifiTm seat, and.a steady hold of his bridle; oth'erwise be would have -been throwh'liealvily to the ground by the p jifall bfiflie'gaUarit'ianimal. ? !? '.Quicklyi extricating himself he snatched the holsters from the.-saddle,- and :with a :--qnick'glance -in the direction from which :? ;!tbe.shois;camriihe Tan witluilLspced to. an, elevation two hundrcd 'yards off that gave- , -him' a- -good -view of -the surrounding country so long as lt-remained light. : , . WiA. a .coolue'sfef strengthened-; by jTamnidrity with dangers/' li.e'laid the hoU steps athis feet, and with his' rifle rtsting: acrpss ihis left arm isnrveyed ithe situation. '?OVmhwta setting, and frith this ad vantage lie was enabled to see here and * there in every direction, a dozen little ele vations, !'cSch marked by 'a; something: that sefiiied *to 'glisten: '' ' *'! . They are all around me,' he muped. ^yl^aye.roniutoa trap. .. Well, I havr bcebin chtsei- qnarters and come out' right. Iwilllet them open the ball.'': He sot down and drawing out bis hunt ing knife began vigorously throwing up a circular earthwork ; and at tbis ho con tinued un: il it was quite dark. He could hear what sounded like the howling of wolves, here, there, and all around ; but . his trained ear was not deteived.-- The horse-thieves were signal ling by a system they had learned from the Indians. These cries came nearer, and nearer, telling bow the lino was closing in, and that tbe men who sought to destroy him would soon be within striking distance. ' Now,' ho thought, ' this rifle-pit has answered its purpose I propose to fall back. But where to ?' He stroked bis forehead, and actually chuckled as he said aloud : ' Jones's house 1' Fastening the holsters to his shoulders he crept' ont of- the little defence, and started oh hands and knees for the point that promised safety. He kept on till he heard the howling away behind him, and then he arose to his feet and started off at a run. Ho reached th.e house— an adobe covered with sod. The door and a little window like a loop hole were tho only openings by which any one could enter, unless the chimney were counted ; but this could not be .considered a dangerous avenue. He closed and barred the door, and stood before the little window, where he could look out in the direction of the ragged corn-patch, and the rolling up lands beyond. He could hoar the owl flying out through the chimney, and the venomous hiss and rattle of the snake as it crawled away ; but those were trivial matters at this time. The snake, like the owl, was a coward, but hadi. both been inclined to attack, it: would have caused him no alarm. The real danger was in tbe men — , more cowardly than the bird, and more ] venomous than the reptile — who were bent , on his destruction. After waiting for an hour he heard shouting in the direction from which he bad come, and lie knew that the little earthwork had been entered. ' If tliis garrison were only properly provisioned,' 'thought the major, 'it could stand a heavy siege, if the enemy were not provided with artillery, and if I had some one to relievo the guard now and then, I wish Dawn were here. I know of no man I would rather have with me in a tight place.' And thinking of Dawn, the thought flashed across bis mind : ' What if he, too, has beeu attacked ; He answered the question by saying aloud : ' If he is taken off, Mary and the other ladies will be at the mercy of those wretches.' Brave as he was , he shuddered at the situation lie had conjured up,' and impa tiently stamped his feet on the ground, as the imprisoned lion beats the floor of his cage. He waited again, still peering into the darkness, but neither hearing nor seeing anything to excite his suspicion, or tell of the vicinity of 'a toe. He wondered what time it was, but did not dare to strike a light. He opened the face of his watch, and feeling the bands discovered it was half-past two. ' Well, as I have staid so long, I might as well stick it out till morning,' he reasoned, He had just come to tbis conclusion, when he heard the crackling of a dry stick near by aud a smoothered impre cation. With his rifle resting on the window ledge, he peered in the darkness, and not twenty feet away he distinguished a tall figure coming directly towards him. An]impetuousornervous man would have covered the figure ana fired with fatal effect. But like all brave men, the major determined to shed -blood only in actual defence, '.Curse the murderers and robbers I I will get even with them ! As snre as there is a just heaven above me, I will get even ! They burned my cabin and stole my child— — ' \- This was mutteted by the man trying to force in tlie door; and it might have continued had not the major demanded : ' Who are you 1 Another attempt to enter and I will fire 1 Don't try to get back, you ere under my rifle.' ?The man did not stir. He seemed to be taken by surprise, but it was only for au instant. * ' Are you Major Harris ?' he aske 3 iu a low, distinct voice. ? ' I am,' was the reply. ' I am glad I found you. Let me in the enemy is notwithin a mile,' said the man. I think the enemy is at my door. Don't move, as you value your life. If any of your companions come -to your . assistance I will, shoot you.' ' Companions 1' repeated the man - sadly; 'I have no companions. Thos whom I loved, and those who loved me, are dead — or worse than dead I' ' Who are you ?' ' I, too, am dead ; the world says I am dead,' replied the man; and there was a tremor in his voice, but not of fear. There was something about this visitor, and tho bold manner of his coming, that gained on the major's -confidence. Rais ing Jbis rifle,' but taking caie to have it ready in case of treachery, he asked : ' What is your name?'! ' I have no name.'' 'Nonsense; what do men call you.', V The few. who havo seen me since yonder town was built, say I am a ghost.' ' A ghost ?'; ' Yes ; the ghost of Scrubb Creelt.' ' By iny .jvord! you might be known by 'a -more oiiecrful designation,' laughed the 'majprl '.But..'; pray ? .what brings, your ghosl'ship. herb '.to-night?'' I came to, find you,' said the man. .,' And now^thatiyou haye fpund me?' ' ' I want.to itell you what has happened in the fcown,;aiid. guide -you back to the friends! that;, need' your protecting arm, when ;you have learned to trust tne.' ' Very well ; go on with: your story ; and pardon inc i if- .you think me inhospi- ?? table.' r-'jl commend; ypu»; cautipp. .. fWe are iu -'hemjdst iuf gwat!j#ngere,;/w|i!!t0 iniii will require courage and coolness.' Tlieu tho man told all tbat had hap pened in the town that night, closing by saying : 'I have now in my pouch the bullet that was cut from the skull of Clarence Dawn. Shall I pass it in ? The blood is not yet dry on it.' 'No; I care not for such curiosities. But why do you keep it?' 'To pay back,' said the man. ' I have another bullet, with kindred blood on it, and I will pay them back.' ' Ghost or man ? you are alone, and I do not fear you 1 Come in, and your death be on your own head, if you come not alone.' Major Harris pulled back the wooden bar with one hand, and held the pistol ready in the other. The man came in, with the soft step of moccasined feet, and helped to close the 1 door behind him. ' Now,' said the man, ' you can sland back against tbe wall, if you doubt me, and I .will stand here at the opening where you can keep mo covered with your pistol.' ' No, sir. Having admitted you not only within my lines, but to enter my gar rison, I cannot treat you as a foe. Let me feel your hand ! A clasp in the dark is a good test of a man.' Tho major reached out his hand, and met a broad, strong palm ; and at (he touch all his doubts vanished. CHAPTER XI. ANOTHER STUANGER COMES TO TOWN. ' Wa'ul, Cap, what news from outside?' asked Jack Felter, the morning after the attack on Clarence Dawn. ' He got off,' said Elkins, with a wicked display of teeth. ' You didn't corner him j I didn't sup pose you'd be able to do it. That feller can only be got out of the way by knockin' hiru over right liar in these streets.' ' lou tried it on Dawn, without much success. ' I did the best I could,' growled Felter. 'Ofcouiseyoudid, Jack. Yon always do the very best you can, and I am the last man ill the world to liud fault, if you now and then fail. I only want you to see that I am more used to planning than are you ; you are a man to execute plans; you are fu'l of vigor, courage and dash ; I am given to contemplation, and, to tell the truth, am rather lazy.' ' Oh, no, Cap ! I think thai- aiut many men spry as you,' said Felter, feeling that it was time for him to return some of the compliments. Captain George Elkins came a little nearer and laid his hand on Feltcr's arm. 'Jack.' ' Yes, Cap.' ' Has the army doctor found out that his ambulance and mules aro gone ?' 'Of course he has. His driver and him has been searchin' 'bout town all mornin' and a threatenin' to bring along a regiment of cavalry if the outfit aiut brought back.' 'I don't think that a regiment of cavalry would do any good,' laughed Elkins ; and he seemed on the point of saying something else about the doctor, when Major Harris, with his rifle on his shoulder, passed near by and bent his steps for the Widow Palmer's house. 'Wa'ul, he looks as if he wanted another horse,' said Felter, when the major passed out of sight. ?' I'd like to know what he has to say about his trip to Solon Jones's. Can't you go and find out, Jack ?' ' I can try ; but you know him and me don't speak no more, and if we did, he aint the kind of feller that'd say any thing about it. 1 'I'll wait in your corral,' said Elkins, as Jack Felter started off. He -went into the rambliug building, and was met ;n the first apartment, which was filled with horse equipments, by the old woman, Meznuen, trying to straighten out a tangle of bridles, halters and ' ropes,' as American horsemen call the Mexican riatas. ' All, Messquen, you are always at work,' lie said, doffing his hat to the old woman, andassamingan attitude intended to be very graceful. ' The old uiusi work, and the young must play,' said the old woman, without looking up. ' Jack Felter should give you a ser vant ; you have been a good friend to him. Neither you nor Pedretto should have to work. I must speak to him about it.' ' If you mustspeak in our behalf, there is something else I would have you say.'. ' What is that, Mezquen ?' ' Say tbat we want him to keep 1ub word, and remain true to us.' She shook out the roiies, and began hanging them on tbe pegs about the room. ?''You do not want him to give his. heart or hand to white women— ' ' No, he has no right, and if he persists trouble will come of it — trouble to liini and to them she stopped and looked at him, with a fierce light in her black eyes. ' I understand you. You are right, and if you would only believe me your friend, I could so arrange it that you and Pedretto would have nothing to fear — ' ' Hist, Senor,' said the old woman, looking out the low door, ' there is a stranger here.' ' My good woman,' said the man out side, catching a glimpse of Mezquen, ' can you tell nie if Captain Georgo Elkins is here ?' ' Ho is within,' she replied. Captain Elkins heard the man, and started for the door, in hast'. At the threshold he met the stranger, and from tho warmth of their greeting it was evi dentthey were not only old acquaintances, but very dear friends. Tlie new-comer was a little, old man, with a sharp faoe full of angular wrinkles, and two little gray eyes hardly separated by the low ridge of nose between them. His high hat and shabby ' black clothes, and a something in his manner ^liat was very distinct, but which it would be iiu ?? possible to discribe, bespoke him a lawyer.- ? On entering he removed his hat, disolus ing'a bald liead rimmed with stiff : block bail1.' ' ?' i-- ' Why, Blard, my boy, I thought about you not ten minutes ago, and I pictured you in your office at Saint Lousi surrounded by legal papers, and . up to your eyes in business,' snid Elkins, when they reached the inner room, where Felter usually received his friends. ' And I have wished a hundred times, since 'starting, that I was back in my office. I never had such a trip in my life, never, and I never will again;' said Mr, Bland, rubbing his bunchy knees, as if they bad been particularly afflicted by his hardships. ' I am sorry to hear it,' said Elkins. 'A few days' rest will straighten yob out.'' ?'No, Elkins 1 I feel as if a genera tion of rubbing and ironing would never get me as smooth and straight as when I left home. I had to come the last fifty miles — from that confounded burned bridge — on horseback. Tlie animal was vicious — a perfect demon of a quadruped, with insane impulses to bury his nose in the ground and make a rainbow out of his back. I hadn't been on a horse before since, as a boy, I rode a blind cob between the corn rows on my father's farm. I am so sore and^tiff that there is no comfort in standiuz and no rest in lying down.' And Mr. Bland got slowly up and stretched himself, then sat slowly down, dropping into his seat with a pain ful grunt. ' If I had known you were coming I would have met you at tho burned bridge. Why didn't you wite uie ?' asked Elk iris. 'Simply because tho necessity for work, quick, decisive work, is great. I could not explain what I wanted to say in a letter. And then, as a lawyer, 'l am opposed to letters. I have made it a rule never to commit myself on paper. A gabby man is always in trouble ; but, bless you,- his position is enviable com- , pared to that of the man who is always - tryingto make himself understooi through the mediunvof letters.'- i ' I haveno doubt you are right. Have 1 you had breakfast?' ' I had something to eat atone of your saloons, enough to appease the pangs of a ravenous appetite ; but it would be mis applied courtesy to call the slap-jacks, fat bacon, and burned coflee a breakfast,' said the lawyer. ' I think I can get you somethinj better here.' Elkins rose, but the lawyer called out : ' No, no ! T can stand it for a while. We have something more important than breakfasts to consider at this time.' 'Anything unusual up at this time?' asked Elkins, resuming bis seat. ' Yes, there is a great deal up ; the executors of tho estate are going to light.' 'To fight?' ' Yes, and to fight hard.' ' Against my claim ?' ' Well, not so much against your claim as iu favor of Charles Palmer's.' ' But Charles Palmer is dead and buried. I sent on all the proof you re quired on that point.' 'Yes; but Charles Palmer's widow and daughter live, and of this the trustees thave had an inkling. 1 Within one week they will have detectives searching through this country for them, if indeed they are not doing so now,' said the lawyer, mop ping his forehead. ' And if they find them ?' asked Elkins. ' If they find them living,' said the lawyer, ' then yon and I are as poor as Job's turkeys; and all your efforts and money will have gone for nothing.'. Mr. Bland groaned and began rubbing his knees again. ' But do they doubt that I am Jacob Holbrook's nephew ?' ' I think not.'' 'But is not that a strong point ?' ' A strong point? Why, it is no point at all, the way matters stand now.' You amaze me.' 'I don't see why you should be amazed. You understand the case ?' ' I imagined I did,' said Elkins, ' but I must confess it lias become a little woolly under your efforts to enlighten nie.' 'That is the fault of your comprehen sion, not of my explana'ion.' ' You are neither complimentary nor vain.'' ?'I haveno time to be either. Any danger of being overheard here ?' ' I think not.' And to make sure, Elkins got up, looked out tbe door, closed it securely, and coming back, took a position on the opposite side of the little pine table. ' That there may be no misunderstand ing, Twill sketch the case, and you can then see if our ideas agree.' :' Elkins told him to proceed. The lawyer placed his sharp chin in the hollow of his upturned palm, and looking at the opposite wall, as if he saw there a judge and jury,- said : ' Jacob Ilolbrook was a rich bachelor;' he had two sisters. One:sister married, 'with his consont, a mail named Palmer, and of this marriage a son was born named Charles. The rich old bachelor did nothing for his sister, but he led her to believe, up to the day of her djath, that her son would he benefitted by his wealth. The son was a proud indepen dent man. He became an engineer ; aud marrying without consulting his uncle, be wandered here aud there and everywhere, working at his profession and caring for his wife and daughter. He never went near the old man ; and it was thought that the old man had lost sight of him.' ' Correct so far,' said Elkios. ' The other sister married,' continued Lawyer Bland, 'and her husband being a man whose calling the world objected to, the brother cast her -off and never afterwards mentioned her name, nor allowed it to be mentioned in his presence. She died of a broken heart, it was said, after her husbaud had abandoned her. She left a son, a boy of fourteen, who inherited many pf his father's qualities-—'' You think so laughed. ElkinB. ' Left a. son who inherited mapy of his father's qualities; .and this . son would' liaye gone straight to the dogs had not' a lawyer, named. Bland picked him , up and cared;for,him;' , ^.Asia.possihlttiibnaiiz r in; th'eJfutureJ', i. vj do not propose t.jto explain .my motives at tnis time,' said the lawyer, bringing his little eyes from the imaginary 'judge and jury and fastening them on tho captain's' face. 'Very well, Bland; go :on. So far you have stated the case exactly as I understand- it.' , ' In due time Jacob Holbrook died leaving an estate valued at nine hundred thousand dollars, the bulk of which was in available assets. He also left a will ; and, likeall men who succeed in business, lie imagined he knew more about law than the lawyers, aiid so wrote tho will himself. It said, in substance, after making a few charitable bequests in tended to benefit his eternal condition : ' I leave all the remainder of my estate, personal and real, to Charles Palmer, only son of my beloved sister Rebecca.' ' ' Yes, curse him ! that is just what he said,' hissed Elkins. ' Now, this lawyer, Bland, or, to speak in the first person, I knew that if Charles Palmer were dead that the estate would fall to the next heir of the blood — ' ' You mean if Charles Palmer aud his daughter were dead !' interrupted Elkins. ' Yes ; but at that time I had forgot ten all about the daughter — an unusual oversight. The very day the will was made known- in Saint Louis I started to flud you, and fortunately met you with out much searching. We came on here, where you had many friends like this Felter, aud you know what happened.' ' I do. Charles Palmer was found dead oue day in his office. Committed suicidc, it was thought.' ' Charles Palmer was out of the way. But tlie daughter, his next heir, survived, though of this fact the executors re mained ignorant until receutly. While I was pressing your claims with the greatest success, this fact was sprung, I denied the existance of a wife or daughter. I asserted that if they had ever lived they were dead. The executors adver tised for Mrs. Charles Palmer and her daughter, and I started at once to find you.' ' And you have succeeded.' ' Yes ; but don't you know that all our trouble goes for nothing ; .that all your chauces are lost, and that you are beggar and au outcast, if the executors find this woman aud her daughter!' said the lawyer, excitedly. ' But what has Mrs. Palmer to do with it ?' ' A great deal. She is entitled to her dower from the estate.' ' IIow much is that ?' ' A one-third interest, under the laws of Missouri.' ' Well, sir, they are both iu this town at this time, aud had it not been for me they would have beeu on their way to the East a week ago.' ' You kept them back ?' ' I had it done.' ' Now, what do you propose to do ?' The old lawyer struck tho table, and every wrinkle on his face became . a note of interrogation as he watched his com panion. ' I propose to win,' said Elkins ; ' to . win at any cost. You understand me P' ' I hear you.' ' But the truth is, I have permitted matters to get mixed, and it is only recently that I have set about correct ing the evil.' ' And will you succeed ?' ' Of course I will. But here is the present state of affairs : This Alice Palmer is engaged to a man named Dawn, supposed to be old Scrubb's nephew ; and Dawn has a friend named Major Harris, of whom' every man iu town is scared. We have tried to get these fellows out of the way, aud, of course, can ; but here is the present trouble : When I got Felter to do that job — you understand ?' ' Perfectly.' ' He claimed to be in love with Alice Palmer — ' ' But has he not a Mexican wife, Ped — Ped — something?' ' He has wearied of her. But I was going to say that I encouraged liim to believe that, he could win Alice Palmer. She has rejected him, but tliis has only made him the more determined. Felter promises to be useful yet awhile, aud I cauuot have him put out of the way. But, I liave a plan that will work.' ' What is it ?',- ' This Mexican girl — curious tho fidelity of., women to the greatest rascals — ' . ' Remarkably curious,' grunted tho lawyer. ' Well, this girl loves Felter ; and she also knows that he loves Alice Palmer -^-in his way.' ' So she is jealous, eh ?' ' As jealous as Othello, whom she resembles in complexion.: i If I can once get Alice Palmer -in her power — why, the job is finished. She would' depopu late the country to win back that fel low'-s love.' 'But, can you put Alice Palmer in her power?' ' Of course I can.' 'How?' ' In this way — ' Captain Elkins was about to explain, when a knock was heard at the door. ' Come in,' said Elkins. ' ' I Came,' said Pedretto, ' to' tell you that you are wanted, Oapitau.' , ' '? By Jack ?' ' 'Yes; and he sends word that it is most important for' you to see him at. once:' ' - ' Do you know what about ?' ' 'No, Senor ; but Bly says the horses are.comiug in from the south, and the soldiers from the west,' said Pedretto. (Tj is continued.) , Tue following iresolutions were received on Monday for -the , . two, Tambo, handi Cpps : — Flying ^Handicap : .. Sydney, CadmuSj . Misters, - : .Vanguard, . Cos sack, Miniinbah, Rocket, Mirabcan, The Gazer, Glenalvin, ,Brpbdinag, and Linda. Tambo Handicap; Sydney, Cadmus. Van guard . Cossack, Mi nimbab, Rocket, Mira ibeau, Glenalvin, ,-Brobdinag, Linda, fajid D,arkio» , . r 