MR. JOSEPH COOIi-S LECTURE. > fiOD IN CONSCIENCE.' nnibíñee lost evening at Ml Joseph Tiffl^ ' ÄoV the libett rial! was Cook's tliiru t]ian on the pro,.OH3 mght, somewhat .a.1"*' occasions, his addtess was and, as on formet «est attention through %tHon J rAox,MLA.,0CCjmed ., Minii and introduced the subject of tnS ÄSÄ «» *TTka> claimtoe for it the 1C"rv full st consulciation of the audience. '% COOK, whoso appearance was the signal J a hauts lound of applause, began his litare » sayms that the truth of science, as ! i^mce hcai d a i enow ned German mo i°,w am m, is not so much that man has fes Lice as that conscience lias man Wo COilb,n the "IP of it, and aio likely to be, so SS"« «e Mntinue'to exist We ought to ion" oa theiefoie, foi whate\ei theoiy OTÍcWoTmed cônce.ning the Bible, it must AU that it >s fat easFei to got out of the iï ftf rhat lolumo than of the ici elation »Ö*0' It w is possible to shut the eyes to îîie moral 1»» m the decalogue, but tho moial a« reclaimed on the flaming Sinai of human na ure wc must face while « continue to exist m this woild 01 m the next He would pie ?»» Ki« lcnvuks on God m conscience by a e, word Tn God behind natuial laiv-bchínd ,3 ind óigame law Theic weio only Flu ce Un W of natiu al law-physical, organic, aid mor ii and if the Divine piesence could be sío«nmi.h}»tcal and organic law we should beto on -h» wa> towards proving that it is "li " ,,,o« al Hw Suppose that to morrow ";",,, rho sun should rise, having in S '»I it» *><*, H» ,lcttcr8, *"&*? Mm,? it own hfiht, and such as to i» Msi le thioughout the illuminated half of the w01 Id the words, "Hoi), Holy, Hni\ Lui God of Hosts, who was and is and is to come, one w ould think that before JiiP awful light of such an luscnption had SSsed til "times lound the earth it would aVc scaled fiom off the burdened woild most of the nie ions giowths of sin, and would have caused - llishness, malice, and grcod-thoso coogal ipenU w nthing in our strects-to witnei ti ishcs, would bring puiitj to the check of eoiiuption itself, and would m time turn into mothci channel the course of the dolorous and iccmscd ag.es Now to the secret « ra of ben. nee the sun is thus inscribed, and not the sun onlj, but every natural object-tho sea the mountain, the star, tho lowliest violet, the human frame There are tw o propositions nindi prove the Divine omnipresence in natu ral law 1 irst, thci c aro m the umv erso only matter and mind, secondlj, matter cannot mo\ e it=clf I herefore, vv henev ei mattoi mov es it must be lnfcucd that its motion is caused bv mind Ina picvions lectuiehe had given proof that nutter, although capable of trans nutting foi ce, could not mov e itself Imagino a room in which aie two persons-one of them narah scd perhaps handcuffed, the other able to use his limbs Some beautiful vvoik of art comes into existence in this loom It would be peifectly ceitam that the work was pro duccd bv the min who had his freedom The universe is buch a loom, thero are only two persons in it-niattci and mind, matter is handciitfel pani) sed and tho only conclusion is that th" woiks of ut in this universe aro the product of mind Will is the only thing that can onginatc foi ce Di Carpenter had said that the onl) -leiintific ground to take is that the ft ire in tins universe, filling all parts of lmmciiMt) md eternity, originates in will Sir John Heisdicl had said that gravitation is nothing but the const mt cxeiciM! of the Divine will Such a doctiinc tianslv'uies creation Dr Cm [cn er nevei sudabcttei thing than when he allume I that the universe is not "oieined I /li« all we have a light to sa) is, that it is governed according to law Lionel Beale »aid whit was wanted was that someone should ups t the idea of natuial law and pi ove that God is behind it and that it has no mole foicc in it without God th in the glove vv lthout a hand Vs vi eil sa) a book w as w i ltten by the lavis of giannini md spelling, when of course it was onlv wnttcn accoiding to those laws Outside tli Bil le no one pioposition had ever been of more ieli0ious sei vice to lura (the lee tiller) than that which uihinis in the name of exact science the spiritual origin of force, the Divine omnipresence in every natural law Those who would read the best books would find this doctrine taught by accredited science the world over there was no university in the world teaching philosophic materialism It would be said this was pantheism But the laws were not only created by God, but were maintained in force by Him just as the object in a mirror is created and maintained by rays proceeding from that object This had been the simile of Jonathan Edwards, and he was never called a pantheist Nature is finite, God is outside and beyond it, for He is infinite lie next combatted the idea of some that the universe is a machine created indeed by om niscíence but wound up and allowed to run Every machine made by man, he said, ran by the operation of a law outside itself, as a clock by the force of gravitation, a waterwheel by tho power of water, but the distinction was that outside of gravitation and the other forces of nature there is no second law by which they run Therefore this theory had been generally abandoned by scholars If then all the natural laws about us are simply the operations of a personal will, we touch God in the physical laws and in the moral laws He then proceeded to deal more particularly with the subject of con science lhere were two definitions-the lopular and the scientific Conscience was loosel) defined as the soul s sense of right and wrong, but tho Bti ict dchmtion w as-the soul's sense of 11 dit and w long in motives Under this lattci definition conscience was always njit Conscience was not onl) a pciccption of what is nuit and wrong in intention, but also a feeling that w e should follow the right ant regict the wiong Motives boing tho influence that detcimines the will, and tho «ii the thing th it determines all actions, wo nna conscience at the head of tho faculties AS liutici saul, if conscience had power as it »as outlioi ity, it would assuredly rule the world. me lectui ei next dilated upon tho immense power of the word ' ought," that one word, he said outweighed all but God Himself, and that was because God was in that word There was a sense in which the moral law was tangible in a most definite sense by the soul. Shakspeare -rv!i hnnk¥ ?.ut tmB P0lnt °>or nnd over. ¿Ä iould a11 remember the words of the ghosts that appeared to Richard, Let us sit heavy on thy soul to-morrow i^Mncndä hand touching our foreheads weals our fi lend s soul, just so, only moro so, «oi these natural and moral laws by which wo »Lin??Btl"-d «nd cither blessed or cursed, ,T tllc »oui of that God from whom there wl,?,t Cnapc> ?ItM01 m this woild or in that to ou/v,<. m?\ m3tc Tho -sturer also brought ML^ fn.ct "i"11 a11 our tcrms «?..*- gestures «lni" niB to * Mt u "ronß a«» downward, "ti L osc. r?,latlnS to the right aro upward, wCK M tothe ""»o1» for this it was one own "" i'!loro scientific ago than our conse,TT1*1 lm C3tigato When, again, with a b°i.3.?n a nn-n'asidoit filis hu face o. :" a "*>"* tUat. other things bemg equal, ".Tlm/^ 0ther *&* ^tor -«»»«1« imiln, LCOns01,e",co. ,ncl»dOT and "hat «t which lJ "C?ncluded ln th<> following lines, li icfatl,?"' lmt.,nto metaphor tho philoso '%di«ifeIj|i,iMta 8coroof years 0f ABu3Kim0n.fliwor?,uî0 sun ln heaven, So fell in hna 'AW' novor «o. Th^if}i}LQ OGod my God As rtîinL ,c,lcs? «oontldo hld from mo. Bul rom10 'i"*'? tU0 bl03SCa »''..n. So fool î" 1innd,raén,00u »w seo n'A1!11'00 m bUssand pain my fair vast rainbow hld from mo. InifcC8tat0 i«» a flow er ".Have nerves tn fTi nn» «. Xfñ -*«*«n> uu mac 1 ^S"S«,,oiÄinot «mc not vislblj but tangibly 0rímn?ñ0n0niand Slm ona bow MthmiLin,,t.,i,Cftv.onTls ""-ro I know, To 1 hoo V. ii3 ¡iroJl l "^nnot soo Tiirï ï tn ÏÏ1 h>U(1 Ani rnln and ray. 1 llvn «J. i meekest loyaltj , VndZ?nra?r° aV* brontlJo In Thoo, The mk tho "dn I cannot seo '">nouncedbi tîiTlêcîurer?'"'thobcncdictlon A^auíTó1C,>-a thlSth0 "Question Box » Th°atiettoL, lricn tllls »fternoon at tho . ener of MT- n"»i "° «ludions sent to the con "i13 monuu-,?ii i8 con,ni»tteo up to 10 o'clock S time gemí?, !Lbo "a,1»ned by a committee ?'"»>. and Imcn{TM"SM1L A Bcrnajs.A h^t naniê «n, ii, Brooks-of whom the ?»fn of f c" tho ml ?d b} ccrtain e°ntlc Ä10t» tt' "Tllt(,,lc,,ä, is one in ?"* eon,mutee »,n tl,01,0»S-»n"con"donco i0,0an«i"edbvM*. o6!00* ^10° 1uoat*ons noon On Sumini l\l Cook °,u Saturday after* ,ln «io Then re ]Lfnt,°rn0?,lV?Ir- CookfcctureB i'pon, and ii ti.« Í ?" ,Ce,-tûintics in Ro ad^s at the usuaTïST? ho "lU,eivo a 8h°rt ». mo usual theatre »onice, Thero* ceipts from the contribution boxes at-the doors on Sunday afternoon will bo devoted to the maintenance of the theatre services, and the committee of those services hope to get some needed assistance from that source. 