The V.R.C. Antiuim Meetiug. [By Telegraph.] ; [From our Special Correspondent.] Melbourne, March. 1. ..The autumn meeting of the Victoria Eaeing Club: commencing, on Saturday, is attracting, more than ordinary attention, . and promises to be, a great success from a racing point of view. 5 The fields for both the Australian Cup and. Newmarket Han . dicap promise to be the largest ever known for these races, both of which at present wear a veiy open aspect. During my jpere . grinations at Flemington nothing has pleased me better than Wellington and Suwarrow, both of which have done a thorough prepara tion. The former bas shown much of his youthful freshness and does his work with relish, and under the lenient impost otSst. 121bs. he is certain to run a great horse. Suwarrow also goes remarkably., well, and must be dangerous on the day. De Mestre, who is still located at Williamstown is re garded with danger for both events, but the public are. at a loss to choose from among his string, for either the .Cup or Handicap, but according to mai'kct indi cations this evening it would appear as if Sweet William is the Simon Pure of the stable, inasmuch as he has been awarded liberal support for the Cup, his present price being 10 to 1.* Next to him Suwarrow, and ■ then Saunterer, who has arrived all well from Sydney, are quoted at 100 to 9 each, ,100 to 6. being the;-best offer-, against' the remainder, of which First Water, Hesperian, and Royal Maid command ' most.patronage, . Blue Ribbon has been, doing some sensational, time gallops at.-Flemington during the week and, has received support at 100 to 4, but I doubt .his ability, to live "the - distance. Larpent, Surrey, Venture, Ver dure, The Ghost, and Sir Joseph share-the nominal favorite ship for the Newmarket r Handicap, at. 100 to - 5 offered. Larpent is wonderfully well, and as he has before now shown an undoubted turn of: speed, both in ^public and private, there is nothing I fancy, better at., the., present time. Darebin con tinues to do' his work satisfactorily, and there is every prospect, of Mr. Dakin again , bringing him. fit to the post for the.Ledger,, in which case he ought-to be well able to repeat-the Derby running, notwithstanding" the. reported^improvement-in -Monmouth i Santa -Clans/ and--Commotionq 2 to 1 is the best offer against Darebin, and 4'- to /1 -otners.1 Bed^JR^ver^ asidv Hieroglypli is« ■ fancy double Jor the Hurdle and Steeple. -■ \- Suwarrow. did.a.capital galldp -thishiorning,; •; nothing unusual being doneby-itho Vest;. ,i . 