CRICKET GOSS'P FROM ENGLAND. By the mail wo lmvo tho following interest ing gossip from England By privnto loiters rocoivod by tho mail full particulars aro to baud of tho lato groat match, Englaud v, Australia, Tho Austra lians won tho toss, and wont to tho wickets, which wero not in good condition. Ono of tho wri tors states it is what was callod in Australia a ecabby wicket, that is, a wicket with havo patches on, all tho grass boing off. Our boys woro all disposod of for G3, much to thoir surprise, and tho surpriso of tho Austra lian supporters. Thoy howoVor, told thorn that tho Mnrylohono toam had boon put out for 33 and 19 on ono occasion, and thoy wont Into tho Hold determined to do thoir host, England woro disposed of for 101, much to tho surpriso of those who had prodictod a victory for thom in ono innings. Spofforth bowlod nmguificontly, as also did Boyla and Gairott. Tho Australians mndo a good start in their second bluings, only losing ono wlclcot for G(>, but thon tho wicket cracked up, and thoy woro all out for 123, W. G. Ghauk'3 Sharp Praotiou. When Murdoch aud Jonos woro togothor, and both'playiug woll, a sharp bit of practice 011 tho part of W. G. Graco got rid of Jonos, A all wont of his'tog to short leg. Lyttloton, tho wickot-keoper, fielded tho ball nndroturnod tto tho bowler, Pento, who missed it. It 1 lion lauded in W, G's. huuds, ho bold tho I nil for fully 10 seconds. Jonas then wont out of his grouud to beat down tho ground, ind Graco knockod his stumps down. On » ppeal to tho umpire, who was Thorns, ho said 'If you'claim it I must givo out," which wag done. Graco was thon hooted and hissed all ovor tho ground, and many of tho spectators who woro supporting Kuglaud tbcu turned round iu favor of Australia. run play. With only 85 'ruus to inako to wiu England wont in on tho host of wickats of tho match. Tho boys said thoy would die gamo. uud frem tho start thoir Holding wag vcrycloso. Spofforth and Gurrott stortod to Hornby and Graco, With 15 up Hornby w as bowled by Spofforth, and Barlow, tho next comer, loft nhortly afterwards with 30 up. Spofforth changed ends, and Boylo took Gar rett's placo. Boylo received a hot return from Ulyott, which hurt hia finger. With 50 up tho gnmo looked doad against Australia. Black- ham thou splendidly caught Ulyutt off a fast one of SpofforlhV, aud with 2 added Graco was caught by Banuorman off Boyto, Lnca? and Lyttletou woro thon in for a long timo, iho scoring being vory slow, IS overo bring bowlod for 1 run, Spofforth and Boylo bowl ing splendidly, and tho fielding grand all round; jjouuui 111 (juuiuuiiu viiitsiu u.u u»u irreu inu speed of n iocomotivo, and saving any amount of runs. Spofforth then beat Lyttloton with a beauty, and caught and bowlod Stool, tho noxt and Road, thoprido of Surrey, ono of tho most successful batsmen then came in, but loft noxt ball. the excitement Tho excitement amougst tho Australians in tho pavilion as each wicket foil was fearful. They Hung thoir bats in tho air, thoir um- brollns and sticks, and shook hands nil round. AU tho boys had a look of determination iu their faces which I havo novar soon before, and as they wora much annoyed at tho way Jones was giron out thoy lost no chances, ovory man fielding as if his lifo doponded on it Lucas was shortly afterwards bowlod, and Barnes was splendidly caught at point by Murdoch off Boylo's first ball. Studd did not look happy, and looked mora liko a ghost than a cricketer. With ten runs wanted to win, Fcate, tho last hopo of England, mndo his nppearauco at tho wickets. Ho fluked Boylo for 2 amidst cheers from the crowd ; but with 7 runs still wanted Boylo upsotFonbe's ruiddlo otump with a good ball, ami ono ol tho most oxciting matches ever played was won by tho Australians by 7 TIllC s0f.nk, To describo the scenowns impossible. Tho Boys mr.do for tho Pavilion in hot haste, Mar doch in particular? Romg as if ho was runuing from Watson. Thoy wero followed by tho rowd, and got into their dreBeing room, but Boylo was not so fortunate, nudlwa hoisted on tho phou)dcr3 of tho Australian supporters ami carried iu triumph to tho Pavilion, All tbo Australians bad to bow thoir acknowledgment to tho crowds, ovor 20,000 bring presaut. Wo partook ot tho loving cup, and on leaving tho ground wero greatly chaorod. After our victory our tbongths wero, say tho members of tho team, What will Tiiey say or us in Australia? 