AFTER DARK IN BOURKE r STREET. BY DR. GRUNDY. V.— AT THE SIGN OF THE SILVER FAWN. "If you can (soparato yourself and your mtsde- tuuMiors, you aru weicomu to tho houso ; if not, uml it would nlonsc you to tako leavo." —Twelfth Night, Act U, Sc. Whon tho lamps are lit in thatTomplo of Talk whoro tho ins and tho outs continually quarrel ovor tiio Stoto loaves and tho Govern ment fishes, and tho lights spread away in two long doublo linos down Bourko stroot, and up again to tho railway station, tho spectator who climbs tho groat flight of stops which lead to tho halls of reprosontativo wisdom, and faccB round, tnay boo a sight not to bo oquallod in the Southorn Hemisphere, Tho lights of Sydnoy C&b; soen from any ominenco on the North Shore preaout a viow which is worth all tho pains and penalties of tho voyage ; and Sturtstrcot, Ballarat, on a Saturday night, at lull moon, when all tho shops aro blazing, and all tho road is full, and all tho stroot lamps shino through tho tread, as thoy do on a Parisian Boulevard, only bettor, is not to bo forgotten. ,But hero, every night, in Mol' bourne, we havo just as fino an effect as mortal man can woll desire, and vory fow tako tho small amount of trouble necessary to boo it. Porhaps thoy don't know it exists. PorhapB—' who knows?— thoy are afraid |of coming too close to thoso wiso mon of Gotham who squabblo and gibber in tho Palaco of Chattor ? Clamber up thoso stony stops on a 'wet flight, if you havo tho courago, for then tho eight is at its best.If you quako at the thought of damp feet, gruol and curtain lectures, tako any othor kind of weather that fits your fancy. Tlion como down carefully, taking hood to tbo shadows and tho now point of view at ovory step, and scok a snug cornor in tho Silver Fawn. When you wore porchod in front of the great glass doore that fonco in Legisla tive wisdom, you saw tho wbolo Molbourno world at your feet. You viewod it as a man may viow Niagara from tho front of tbo Clifton Hotol, or any othor coign of vantage bighor than tho falls. Whon you tako your position nt tho bar of tiio Silvor Fawn, you boo it as tbo samo traveller may seo tho fall whon ho has gono gingerly down tbo shaky staircaao to tho mar gin of tho stream. You stand, as it wore, in a bend of tho river, and before you it raBhes ou, ovor changing and yot always tho same. Abovo, it was ono vast mass of soothing, bubbling, foaming wator ; below, a thousand individualities are recognisable and gono in a moment. If M tho proper study of mankind is man," thon you havo an admirable opportunity of pursuing your propor study at the bar of tho Silvor Fawn. For thoro in tho courso of tho three hours betweon 9 o'olock and midnight you shall seo a goodly number of tho mon who havo made Molbourno what it is, and of thoso who moan to make it something olso by-and- byo. Tho first, confident in their power to pull tbo wires of tho present time ; tbo socond, taking things pretty oasily until thoso now boforo tho footlights leave tho stage ; and, in addition, all tbo strange fish that tbo ocean casts upon tho shores of Hobson's Bay swim against tho current of life until tboy attain this reach of tho stream, and thoro pause ftwhilo before thoy resume thoir progress or return. Mon, in all Bhapos, you may Btudy ; but woman, never. For lovoly woman novor comes to tho Silvor Fawn ; or, if sho comes, is hidden somewhere out of sight, It is Gany- mode who fills tho flowing tankard, and plumps down tho whisky bottle at this Olympus, Ganymede in his shirt-sloovoB, too, brisk, buBy, and elmrp after coin, as bo had need to be ; capable of sorvmg a couple of hundred peoplo in on hour, and g;ving them all thoir right change, and of affecting a perfect remembrance of them all, with their tastes, habits, and wishes into the bargain, Like tho eddios on tho rivor, the groups in front of tho bar form, dissolve, and form again ; always with a ceutrc, but ofton with a centre that changes. Somotimes it is John Stofol, with any quantity of tho oil he struck, dispensing soma portion of tho precious flu(d to wondering and envious surrounders ; some times it is tiio Toreador, with tho golden guerdon of his latost buINfighk ; somotimes littlo Gabble, beaming with the rofloctod ro- fulgonco of his latest star. Somotimes it is nono of tbeso, but a brawny son of Anak, with great muscles bulging through bis coatsloovos, who iB eloquent, after his mannor, in toohni entities of the crickot field or the river. It is always somebody noteworthy .and 'worth listening to for the brief space possible; and if it.be wrong to liston,why,it is just as much his fault ns that of the listener. "A dead frost, air, that's what ho was iq New Zealand. Had to leavo his diamond studs at tho Yellow Dragon in Wellington, and half his wardrobe at tho Green Boar in Auckland. Camei away in tho . steerage to Sydnoy, I give you my word, and would not havo got a ehow there if Tommy Chisel had not got on thobeor, just when they wero pro ducing the Sovon SiBters of Bagdad.— How do, Jack ? Join ub, old man. —She's no bettor than ho is. Caq't play for sour apples. Sing ? not a bit of it — nover could. Five and forty, sir,' if Bho's a day, and could not got off tho atago aftor that rush, not if yougavo hor fifty pounds for tho job. That's why they drop the curtain and don't givo Tony a chance for his speech. Spoils him; but then of courso a manager's wife) must have hor way. You should havo soen her one night when tho drop stuck It would not move, and sho could not, Tho audience thought Tony was' going to speak bis linos, and they began to guy. '' Foro gad, sir, I thought tho place would como down, Hero 1 Lot's have another round. Hero i Tom, you join this time." " No, Bir ! Safo to tbo ond of tho session ? Not for half an hour ! Tho wholo business may burst up at any minute. Dissolution ? Woll, that dojionds. Don't believo it I Coalition, tir, that's my tip I I said to Colman Mao Stingo, ' Now,' I said, 'You tako in me and Roarer, and Rapper, and you're all right, but you try itns you are and by Jovcyou'll be'flatter than a pnncako before tbo middlo of winter, and tbat'8 not long to wait. Danger ? Not a bit ,eir; stronger with the electors than ever, Game— drink up and try another, I must got back for the division." But just as you begin to feol a littlo dazed betweon the preachment of the Theatrical oraclo at your right and tho political genius at your left, tho voice of tho host, who has beon amiably listening with intenso interest to both of them, and half a dozon more, strikes in. Ho has.seen one of tho Ghowser brood edging toward tho staircaso, past tho opon bar door, and his soul is inarms, "Toll that gentle man he can't go upstairs. D'ye hear thoro? ritop him ! No, sir, you can't bo sorved bora, Yes, I'll tako the consequences. Now, go along like a aonsiblo man." Which tho intruder does, whitefaced and angry, but without a word, "No my good man wo can't havo that kind of thing." This to some poor dovil who is soil ing poncil cases, or somo othor small ware that nobody wants. Thon pityingly, "Hero Jem," to tbo porter, "Tako him round to tho kitchen door"— whisper. By and bye. say in five minutes, for time is precious aftor nine at night at tho Fawn, tho poucil caso vendor is off, with enough to lino his skin woll for two wholo dayB at the leaat, and may bo an odd Bluffing, too, if ho look liko the right 8<#rt of man. My host has an eaglo< eyo for the class of customer ho does not want, aud tells them tho truth in a plain homely fashion worth listeniag to, though you don't hear it ofton, as it is not his way. to makoa noire. "No, you won't; you'll tako this drink with mo, and thon you'll go off home. You've had quite enough for to- night," is his particularly straightforward answer to a man who has just intimated his intention to shout , for his friends; and with very littlo ado tbo would-be inebriate departs. It is my opinion that tho host sees the monoy in thoir pockots, and knows to a sixpenco how much they are justified in sponding. Othorwiso tho not infrequent refusal would hardly bo so patiently takon. In time gono by, before that twolvo o'clock ordinance was in forco, tho bost of all timosat tho Silvor Fawn was tho "woe abort hour ayont tho twal." Then, whon tho doors were shut and tho shutters woro cUsod, when thore « as literally ' 'no admittance ovon on business," might thoso choice spirits who woro for the timo located in tho houso, and ono or two othor choico spirits from without, have " a high old timo," as the Yankoo9 put it, in front of that bar. Then would Dootor Sparkle, whoso robust tenor is at least as doar to bis heart as his blazing jowols, or his brand-now satin-linod Victoria, obligo eolect circlo of hearers with bis dolightfu rendering of "My Pretty .fane," and hi animated description of tho Lord Mayor o Lilliput'a big dinner. Who could resist th worthy doctor's uppor A, givon forth with well gathered breath just boforo it, and held eforzando, till tho glasses rang? Was thor not once a famous, a novor-to-be-forgotton night wbon the great Pignor Blanco, who was so long in Italy that ho had forgotton tbo dialect of Ills native Whitechapel, was so inspired by omulation or champagno that ho joined tho Doctor in " Suoni la Tromba," and might havo got right through that charming duot bad not the hoBt interdicted its farther progress at the fourth bar for fear of waking tho lodgors in tho third story, Tho Legis lature in its wisdom has put a Btop to these grave delights, and tho doctor's upper notes aro warbled elsewhere; but I protest thoro wob littlo harm and much fun whon tho curfow was not tolled quito so early. In tho last hour of business, just now, it is that tho Silver Fawn is in its real glory. Then, when the thoatres close, will a group of bright oyed, sallow-faced men, with mysterious groan bags and black cases, gather in one corner, and moodily discuss tho hardships incidental to or- cbcatral performers. Out of oarehot fortunatoly» but not out of eyeshot, aro a group of tho dress- circlo patrons, with whito ties and elaborate shirt fronts visible under convenient Ulsters, emphatic in their denunciations of tho band, which, to their minds, spoiled tho wholo per formance, The big seody man is describing tbo glorieB of Molbourno in tbo days when ho filled tho municipal chair, Tho littlo fellow with tho limp whiskers is holding forth to tho next group upon tho heavenly time tho agricul turists will have whon thoy adopt tho various methods of wheat-growing which ho has ad vised, in writing and in speech. The young dandy with the pale faco and very rod lips is tolling throe lads who aro with bim a story in an undertone, which would do a very great deal of harm if it wore not woll known to them all to be utterly untrue ; and the most inter ested group of all is ranged round a man who is trying to account for tho extraordinary failure of his tip3 for the Adelaide racos. Three oritics aro whispering and nodding togethor with their backs against the brandy coses, and Blanco, the basso, who is standing there in the corner by himsolf, with his coat collar up to his ears, and his muffler up to his oyes, would givo a trifle to know what thoy aro talking about. He cannot conceive the possibility of a critic having any subject conversation but himsolf. If ho knew that the y were debating tbo possibility of a joint-stock supper party on an "off night— "that, is when neither Bianco nor any of his craft need their attention— be would bo utterly astounded. .As it is, ho will go to bod, and dream that all the morning papers contain a denunciation of his carelessness ; and indeed thore has .boon too much beor in his voico latterly. As tho hands of tho clock movo towards midnight, tho legislators come in, and consider ing tho amount of talk thoy have gone through, very brisk and lively they are. Four or five of thorn adjourn to baked potatoes and kidneys, or Welsh rarebits in a back room— thoso modost refroshmonts having boon pot ready to order half aa hour before. ' But Major Falstalf and a strong contingent como to the bond of tbo bar. Thore is always a chance that somebody is present to whom a gracious nod, or a jovial joke, or a glass of toddy,' will bo welcome. Many a dark'bour has the gallant major mot with that smiling faco, which tonkas him so popular with friends and enemies; and many a timelhos ho dived into hiB pockots willingly enough to sot them up again fontho boys, when a richer man would have kept Iub hnnds outside his clothes. Time treats bim pretty jovially aa ho treats every body—which he literally does, or very noarly so — and ho is almost as buoyant to-day as when ho was'tbirty yoars' younger, and twonty inches less round the waist. There are ghosts in tho bar, if you know where to look for thorn, GhoBts of those who but a fow years back woro among tho merriest and tho best known of the frequenters of this gay placo. That corner under the bird cage was the favorite perch of the last of tho Hamlets, whoso sad eyes and pleasant smile come before you as you look at it. Betweon the Major and tho bar rises a round, jolly, red-faced figure, whicb novor missod its daily call, till ono day death took it quickly, kindly, and silently, about fifty yards from the door. The tali ghost, with the head thrown back, just behind Sigoor Cabana, tho impresario, was a great lawyer and a groat orator, and that one next to him, with tho big black board and tho kcon, kind oye, was tbo bost manager of them all, " Twolvo o'clock— now Tom— now gentle men— please." Bang go tho shutters ; and 'slam go the doors ; and down go tho last drinks. It takes o quarter of an hour to empty the bar of the Silver Fawn, and all tho men havo an air of not wanting to go. But my host, who is determined that the Fawn's reputation shall bo spotless, is inexorable. Senior-Con&tablo; Porch may como in whon ho pleases, and find no flaw horo. I don't think tho kindly host loves Porch. I don't think ho would give that officer a drink on any provo cation. Ho looks upon him as sailors look on a shark — harmloss.as long as you are out of hie roach, but a devil to doal with at closo quarters. Porch, on tho othor hand, has a lively and quite a disinterested respect for tho boat. "Ah ! Sorr," says Porch, "If all tho houses in Melbourno woro liko tbo Silver Fawn!" 