PORTLAND POLICE COURT. Satudayl; Novdonbeir 4. before C. It. Nicelson; P;DM:; arid tessies. T;. Mst, P. W; Sheeill; J; Marriott; and J. Leo Archer J;s.P. The Court Inad been adjoutrned Idlit Thursday; the 2ndt for the attendance of the Police Magistrato in the case of ;Theo doae Thomuejsoto; charged with feldniously taking certain coppor.sheathing front the wreck of the yacht "Ariel." The accused again appeared to his bail; and was defended by Mr. 1L Butler. The depositions taken by the clerk of courts on Thursday last were read to F. L, Gill. pnrt owner of the yacht " Ariel," and to Senuior-constnble Elliott, wlho arrested tihe accused and found the copper on h?is premises. Both were certified to on oath. Mr. Butler elicited from tie former that accusd had gone to him on the Friday at 0 a.m., and that lie and Senior- constahle Elliott had searched the promises untler warrant after that hour. To the Bonch Senior-constable Elliott stated that accused had takeln the copper and admitted having done so. The evidence taken lhas already appeared in el.tedo in the columns of the Guardian, anti is substantially the same as that read by the clerk from the depositions. Mr. Butler admitted tltat his client had taken the copper, but denied his lhving done so with any felonious intent. It was on that the question turned, for from a printdfieie point of view it was possible to misconstrue the act, while the evidence, as read from tlihe depositions, was clearly op posed to any such construction. His client had carried the copper in bags along the beach, and left it for a time in Mr. Frost's shop in Julia street, in open daylight, where any one could have seen it, and lie considered it hard on a mtan who had lived 10 years in the town, and brought tup a large family, without the slightest slur being cast on his character, to be arraigned for felony. There was not the ghost of a felony about it. Other men had seen the whole affair-lightermen who were attending to their boats driven ashore in close proximity to the "Ariol"-and that fact alone proved the absence of intent to commit a felony. He, MJr. Butler, was prepared to call a witness wieho would prove the. hour the copper was taken through the streets, and, further, that it hI been loft for a timeo in a position ox posed to public view. In reply to the Police Magistrate, Mr. Butler said lhe did not wish the Bench to disposo of the case, but would prefer going before a jury. A witness, Frost, was not therefore examined. The accused, through his solicitor, hlad nothing to say, and reserved his defence, whereupon he was committed to take hlis trial at the Court of General Sessions to be holden at Portland on tihe 13th inst. Bail was allowed--thoe accused in a sutn of £25 and two sureties of £50 each. Police v. Timothly Atiat oor Addeni , an aboriginal, charged with being drunk and disorderly on the evening of the previous day. Constable MecColl deposed that at 8 o'clock on Friday evening lhe took the prisoner in charge for being drunk. Ile said lihe got his drink in IIHeywood. In reply to questions from the Bench, Timothy said be came by train on Friday night ; he was from the Condah Aboriginal Mission Station, and had come to see the doctor ; lie had a very ball pain in his side; ohe got the drink at IIeywood, at both public houses. Senior-constable Elliott said he would take care tihe prisoner had an opportunity of seeing tihe doctor, and would see lim oft by the train. On theso conditions Timothy was duly admonished and dis charged. Constable IIryes gave thte delinquent a shocking character for rogueory in general. Tio had " done" his month in Portland gaol for stealing, and some years ago had got into serious trouble in Coleraine. In fact te was a sad Iascal. Timothy was never. tholess allowed another chance, and the Court rose. 