Lenten Lectures by the Archbishop of Sydney. (Fro///, the Express.) On Sunday evening (the 2btn uJt.) a very large congregation attended the Pro- Cathe dral. His Grace the Archbishop was about I to deliver the first of a series of discourses on I “The Parables and Miracles of our Lord.'’ Many gentlemen had to be accommodated with seats in the sanctuary. The Archbishop, taking for his text the words of Christ, “ I am j the Light of the World,” said : 1 propose to ! deliver a course of lectures during the Sunday evenings in Lent on the Parables and Miracles of our Lord. Such a subject as this will not only be interesting in itself but it will also j be of much use in strengthening our faith in ! Christ’s Divinity, and in the supernatural | character of that Church which He estab I lished upon earth. I am not aware of any arguments more telling and more cogent than i those which can be drawn from our Master’s words and deeds, His Parables which were the quintessence of his doctrinal teaching, and His Miracles which illustrate and support that teaching. In days like these, when we find infidelity rampant, and denial growing ^every day more strong, it is the duty, especially of bishops who have to guard the fold, and of every true man, to oppose this tide and bring forth the great arguments over again on [ which so much happiness depends. The fact of infidelity making so much way in the modern world does not even tend to prove that it has any truth in it. Its rapid and ubiquitous growth can reasonably be ac counted for without making such an admis sion as that. We are living in an age of .high pressure. The world is so multifarious in its demands on society, lives at such a pace, is so exacting with all its votaries, that oven did they wish to do it they would not find time to prosecute theological studies, and master those great arguments which, so far as Christianity is concerned, are so overwhelm ing, when once grasped, in their power over the logical faculty of the mind. The vast majority of intelligent, well-educated men have never had the opportunity of really grasping the great position of the. Christian world, and of steadily and carefully viewing as a whole that vast congeries of proofs which, taken together, force conviction upon the candid mind. Neither have they, as a. rule, inclination, any more than time or aptitude, for such studios. They are forced, from the necessities of the case, to trust to others, to take their religion on authority, and to make up their minds at second hand. Their mental j food is not drawn from the profound and I serious studies of theologians, hut from the newspapers and magazines. Hero without effort or trouble they can pick up such thoughts and views as arc running current amongst literary men. They adopt the tone of the*periodical press, and their minds and views are in a very great degree formed by smart, clever, ready writers, who, though they may be able to dash off a specious article on any subject, have never in their lives made a serious and conscientious study of the foun dations, broad and deep, on which Christianity stands. Thus the blind lead the blind, and the world becomes satisfied with shallow, superlieial, and random talking and writing on subjects of the most momentous kind. ^ This easy way of disposing of a difficult subject is quite in unison with those two groat forces in human nature, passion and pride, which are rooted in the heart of every man ; and when these things arc taken together, man’s shrinking from restraint and humiliation, which are at the foundation of Christian holiness, and the superficial way in which thinking is done hv the leaders of modern thought, we need not he much surprised if the great arguments of the Christian faith are first forgotten and then denied as if they j never existed at all. Itis a strange satire on [ human independence to find intelligent men j rejecting with scorn the authority of the i .Divine Teacher, the leadership of the True Shepherd, and following with a stupid meek ness of lambs any false shepherd or new light who has the audacity to declare himself a fit ting leader of the modern world. Now, I am anxious to do what I can during these Sun day evenings to bring before your attention some of these great arguments which are so little thought of by so many men of keen in telligence. I am anxious to show you that there is a depth in Christian proofs and an overwhelmingness in the character of Chris tian evidences, when patiently considered, as must force any ordinarily educated person to admit first the Divinity of Jesus Christ, and, then, the supernatural character of His re ligion. I feel positive that there is not one man or woman here present who, if he or she attends the discussion of this subject during these Sunday evenings, will not at the end of them be obliged to declare that the Lord He is (tod, He made us and not we ourselves! And I speak thus boldly, not because I have any confidence in my own powers of exposi tion, but because I am so thoroughly con vinced of the strength—the overpowering nature of the cause which I am going to plead. Now to bring matters to an issue, and to handle the matter in hand not as one beating the air, I will extract a passage from, I sup pose 1 must call him, one of the clearest thinkers and most acute logicians of the modern world. John Stuart Mill may be looked upon as the highest and best represen tative of modern thought. His influence over the English mind, in many most important departments of thought, cannot be exag gerated. His books have been in every hand and his theories are even now ruling, in many ways, the thought of English speaking Goveruments. These are the men who do tli e harm. From them the newspaper scribes and the magazine writers draw their thoughts and gather their matter. And, thus, by de grees, society becomes permeated by the peculiar views, good or bad, as the case may be, of clear thinkers who have a knack of dressing their thoughts in the most graceful and vigorous language, and of attracting the attention of the public by their limpid clearness and profound simplicity. I do not think I could choose a better or more representative antagonist with whom to’join issue than John Stuart Mill, who though no longer living, still lives in his works, and will do so for many a long day to come. Amongst other works he wrote an essay on lleligion. Being a conscientious and serious thinker, in this work he would no doubt put his best and most matured thought ; and we can take his words as expressing the views of thousands at the present day, who, though they may know it not, most likely owe those views of theirs to him, though they may have never seen him, or heard of him, or read his i books, in the following remarkable passage Mr. Mill grants us much. He holds up our I Lord as perfection as a teacher and as the ' highest moral leader that the world has ever seen. So far as our Lord’s humanity is con cerned Mr. Mill holds that in the highest possible esteem ; but he not only denies Christ’s Divinity, but says that our Lord “ never made the smallest pretensions” to being God, “ and would probably,” he adds, “have thought such a pretension as blas phemous as it seemed to the men who con I demned him.” It is here that we join issue with Mr. Mill, and I will undertake to prove to a candid mind that our Lord—the direct opposite of what Mr. Mill affirms—based his claims to recognition on the assumption of His Divinity ; and that throughout the Gospel History there is nothing so overwhelming as j the evidences given, in almost every chapter, ' to his Divine prerogatives. Mill’s words run thus :—■ The most valuable part of the effect on the character which Christianity has produced, by | holding up in a Divine person a standard of excellence and a model for imitation, is avail able even to the absolute unbeliever, and can never be lost to humanity. For it is Christ rather than God whom Christianity has held up to believers as the pattern of perfection for humanity. It is the God Incarnate more than the God of the Jews or of nature, who being idealised has taken so great and salutary a hold on the modern mind. And whatever else may be taken away from us by rational criticism, Christ is still left, an unique figure not mure unlike all his precursors than all His followers, even those who had the direct benefit of His personal teaching. It is of no use to say that Christas exhibited in the. Gospels is not historical, and that we do not know how much of what is admirable has been superadded by the tradition of His followers. The tradition of followers suffices to insert any number of miracles, and may have inserted all the miracles which he is reputed to have wrought. But who among 11 is disciples or among their proselytes was capable of inventing the sayings ascribed to Jesus or of imagining the life and character recorded in the Gospels? Certainly not the fishermen of I Galilee ; as certainly not St. Paul, whose ' character and idiosyncrasies were of a totally different sort; stiil less the early Christian | writers, in whom nothing is more evident than I that the good which was in them was all derived, as they always professed that it was derived, from a higher source. What could be added and interpolated by a disciple we see in the mystical parts of the Gospel of St. .John * * * But about the life and sayings of Jesus there is a stamp of personal originality combined "with profundity of insight, which if we abandon the idle expectation of finding scientific precision where something very different was aimed at, must place the prophet of Nazareth, even in the estimation of those who have no belief in His inspiration, in the very first rank of the men of suhlimer genius of whom our species can boast. When this pre-eminent genius is combined with the qualities of probably the greatest moral re former and marytr to that mission who ever existed upon earth, religion cannot be said to have made a bad choice in pitching on this man as (he ideal representative and guide of humanity, nor. even now, would it be easy even for an unbeliever to find a better translation of the Tide of virtue from the abstract into the concrete, than to endeavour so to live that Christ would •approve our life. When to this we add that to the conception of the rational sceptic it remains a possibility that Christ actually was what He supposed Himself to he—not God, for Hr nr err •made the smallest protrusion to that character, and rronld probahlj/ hare thtaa/ht mch a preten sion as blasphemous as it seemed to the men tv ho condemned him,—but a man charged with a special express and unique commission from God to lead mankind to truth and virtue—we may well conclude that the influence of religion on the character which will remain after rational criticism has done its utmost against the evi dence of religion are well worth preserving, and that what they lack in direct strength as com pared with those of a firmer belief is more than compensated by the greater truth aud rectitude of the morality they sanction.* In another place (p. Ikbl) he says, speaking' of our Lord’s example, “Through the darkest and most corrupt periods Christianity has raised this toreli on high—lias kept this object of veneration and imitation before the eyes of men.” So that Mr. Mill whilst denying the Divinity of Christ makes Him out to be such a man as no other has ever been, pos sessed of gifts so transcendent that in vain should we hope to see or hear of a similar to Him. It would almost seem that the halo of Divinity, without his knowing it, dazzled Mr. Mill, and if he would not admit the Christ to be Divine, he was forced to admit Ilim to ■have been what never man had been before. There is a deep significance in this ; for, if ■Christ, in very deed was what Mr. Mill says lie was, then we see our way to force Mr. Mill to admit either that he is talking non sense, or that our Master was Almighty. Tak ing a merely general survey of our Lord’s position when lie began to teach, we cannot in-lp being struck with 11 is Divine char acter and ways. Ifc came into the midst of the Jewish people and Jewish sages ■ and learned men as a veritable por tent. He had not anything in common with them. lie came to do away with their methods, and to supplant their religion by a religion of His own. He did not bend to their prejudices, or exhibit the slightest misgiving in His discourse. He stood in the midst as a Fountain of Light, as the Light of the World, as one. claiming jurisdiction and power over the heart and conscience of every creature. His mere position told what He was. The height of His doctrines—sub lime as Heaven itself—spoke ol the narrow ness and contracted character of the teaching he was to going supplant. The depth of His views—penetrating down into the hidden things of God — spoke of an intellect not trammelled by the prejudices of men, but illuminated by a Divine lire, and redolent with the unction of the Holy One,. The breadth of IIis vision, not hound to the miserable circumference of one land—hut embracing the whole world, indicated IIis Divine sovereignty, and pointed to His uni versal spiritual empire. So imposing and impressive was His presence, especially when laying down the Law of the Kingdom, that men were forced to declare that He did not speak as the Scribes and the Pharisees, hut as one having “power.” He taught, that is, with Divine authority, and (hose who heard Him felt it, were conscious of it, and they had, in order to relieve their feelings, to de clare the fact. He did not utter any tentative doctrines. He spoke from the fount of Jlis own truth, and know what He was saying". He had, no doubt, no misgiving. He laid down the Law of the Kingdom, and men had to aeeopt it on His authority ; and they did accept it, for lie spoke as one having “ power,” and not as the Scribes. No prophet, however venerable, no Scripture writer of the Old or New Law, dared to speak with such per emptoriness and finality. They, all of them, were but mouthpieces, channels, messengers. * Mill's Essays on lu-ligion, pp. 253.-255. lie alone was the “ Light of the World,” and the (iod of Heaven. litre (licit Domhnis is the expression of the teachers in the Old Coven ant—thus saitli the Lord. Very different from tin’s is the formula used hv our Redeemer. He was no mere herald. Ho was the L verla.sting King. lienee he says : A men, mnen, dico robin. Amen, Amen, I say nnto you ! As if fie would say: “ 1 am the great Divine Oracle and Teacher of mankind. What I say is the truth indeed. He who contradicts My word is standing against the God of Heaven, and is prevaricating against supernal light.” And cast your eyes abroad. What is His position now ? Has any mere man, however exalted, however talented, however great in any or every way, approached—even at a very great distance—to Christ in his mastery over the hearts of nations V What are the greatest of human benefactors, now they are gone, so far as any memory of them is concerned ? Cmsur and Hannibal, and Napoleon, warriors and kings, statesmen and philosophers, philan thropists and others—they are scarcely re corded, and their memories are long since prac tically forgotten. lint with Jesus Christ it is altogether different. Over 1800 years are gone by, and 3ret He reigns in willing, adoring hearts, at this hour, throughout the world, perhaps more universally and more power fully, than ever. T embrace all Christian people in this thought. We have doctrinal differences it may he ; but apart from them Christ reigns as the Mighty King with such imperial sway at this moment, that Ilis unique position, Ill’s hold on the hearts of men, the worship that is accorded Him, the love and adoration, the heroism and devotion He in spires—all these things together impress the mind with the secret thought that that man must indeed be more than man : that Mr. Mill was wrong, and that the universal voice of the Christian world proclaims that truth which was from the beginning. There are very few writers of modern days, of any respectability, who do not acknowledge the supreme claims of Christ upon humanity, who do not extol Ilis truthfulness, Ilis simplicity, his self control, his sublime morality. An able writer, not of our Church, speaks of our Saviour as follows :— Remarkable as was the character of Jesus, it was distinguished by nothing more than calm ness and self-possession. This trait pervades His other excellences. How calm was His piety ! Point me, if you can, to one vehement passionate expression of his religious feel ings. Does the Lord's prayer breathe a fever ish enthusiasm ? The habitual style of Jesus on the subject of religion, if introduced into many churches of His followers at the pre sent day, would be charged with coldness. The calm and the rational character of His piety is particularly seen in the doctrine which He so earnestly inculcates, that disinterested love and self-denying service to our fellow-creatures are the most acceptable worship we can offer to our Creator. His benevolence too, though singularly earnest and deep, was composed and serene. He never lost the possession of Himself in Ilis sympathy with others—was never hurried into the impatient and rash enterprisesof an enthusias tic philanthropy—but did good with the tran quillity and constancy which mark the provi dence of (iod. 'The depth of His calmness may best be understood by considering the opposition made to Ifis claims. His labours were every where insidiously watched and industriously thwarted by vindictive foes, who had even con spired to compass, through His death, the ruin of liis cause. Now, a feverish enthusiasm, which fancies itself to he entrusted with a great work of (Jod, is singularly liable to impatient indignation under furious and malignant opposi tion. Obstacles increase its vehemence ; it be comes more eager and hurried in the accomplish ment of its purposes, in proportion as they are withstood, be it therefore remembered, that the malignity of Christ’s foes, though never surpassed, and for the time triumphant, never robbed,! I im of self-possession, roused no passion, and threw no vehemence or precipitation into 11 is exertions. He did not disguise from Himself or His followers the impression made on the multitude by his adversaries^; He distinctly foresaw the violent death towards which He was fast approaching; yet confiding in Hod, and in the silent progress of His truth. He possessed His soul in peace. Not only was He calm, hut Ilis calmness rises into sublimity when we con sider the storms which raged around Him. and the vastness of the prospects in which His spirit found repose. 1 say. then, that serenity and self-possession were peculiarly the .attributes of Jesus. I affirm that the singular and sublime Character claimed by Jesus can be traced neither to imposture nor to an ungoverned insane imagination ; it can only be accounted for by its truth, its reality.t t Clianning’s Works, vol. 4. 18, 18. It is evident that both Mill and (Jhanning held that Christ was the subliniest moral teaoher the world had ever seen, or is likely ever to see ; that no man can approach Him in Mis high character, 1 Lis pure, truthful, and gentle life. Mr. Mill assures us that our Saviour “ never made the smallest preten sion ” to he Divine, bet us examine this, this evening, in a general and broad way, and afterwards, in the other disourses, we will join issue, in such a manner that Mr. Mill will he shown absolutely untrustworthy as a spiritual or theological guide. Open the Scriptures for a moment, at the place from which 1 have taken my text—“ I am the light of the world.” The Evangelist says :— And early in the morning He came again into the temple, and all the people came to Him, and j sitting down ILe taught them. And the Scribes and Pharisees bring unto Him a woman taken I in adultery ; and they set her in the midst, and said to Him : Master, this woman was even now taken in adultery. Mow Moses iu the law commanded us to stone such a one. But what sayest Thou.’ And this they said tempting Him. But Jesus, bowing himself down, wrote with his linger on the ground. When therefore they continued asking him, he lifted up himself, and said to them ; He that is without sin, among you, let him first cast a stone at her. And again stooping down lie wrote on the ground. But they hearing thin, went out one by one, beginning at the eldest. And Jesus alone remained, and the woman standing in the midst. Then Jesus lifting up himself, said to her : Woman, where are they that accused thee.' Hath no man condemned thee? Who said: No man, Lord. And Jesus said : Neither will I condemn thee I Go, and now sin no more. Again therefore Jesus spoke to them, saying : 1 mu the liijht nf the irorUI: He that, folio teeth, me wall’eth not in darhnex.s, hut .shall hare the lit fit l of life. The Pharisees therefore said to him : Thou givest testimony of thyself; thy testimony is not true. Jesus answered and said to them. Although I give testimony of myself, my testimony is true. And in your law it is written, that the testimony of two men is true. 1 am one that giveth testimony of myself : and tlie Father that sent me, giveth testimony of me. They said, therefore, to him : Wher e is thy Father ? Jesus answered : Neither me do you know, nor my Father; if you did know me, perhaps you would know my Father also. And he said to them : You are from beneath, I am from above. You are of this world, I am not of this world. Jesus, therefore, said to them : When you shall have lifted up the Son of Man. then shall you know that I am he. And lie that sent me is with me, and He hath not left me alone for 1 do always the things that please him. When he spoke these things, many be lieved in him. Then Jesus said to those Jews who believed in him : If you continue in my word, you shall be my disciples indeed. And you shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free. Which of you shall convince me of sin ? If 1 say the truth to you, w hy do you not believe me ? 1 f any man keep my word, he shall not see death for ever. Abraham, your father, rejoiced to see my day : he saw it, and was glad. The Jews, therefore, said to him : Thou art not yet iifty years old, and hast thou seen Abraham? Jesus said to them: Amen, amen. I say to you, before Abraham was made. 1 am. They took up stones, therefore, to cast at him. Hut Jesus hid himself, and went out of the temple. Now on seriously considering this passage in the life of our Lord we cannot help feeling that, there is an undercurrent running through it which tells us that the chief actor is some one more than man. Set1 Him sitting in the temple, and “all the people” around Him, and the great Master teaching them the Law' of Life and the word of truth. Suddenly the Scribes and Pharisees drag a, poor sinful woman into his presence, that they might pu/./Je Him before the people. “ What savest Thou V” they asked, “ templing Him.” ()ur Lord, in place of replying to (hem, stooped down and wrote on the ground. They still pressed Him, and so impatient, were, they that they would not wait till lie lifted Himself up. W hen, therefore, they eon tinned asking Him, lie, lifted Himself up and said to them : lie that is without sin amongst you, let him lirst east, a, stone at her. This homethrusl made, (hrist’s enemies “ beginning with the eldest” shrink awav, till our Master was left alone with that sinful woman in the tempi*—the adulterous woman and the, merciful Master of the peni tent sinner. That one picture tells of His divine merciful compassion, lien1 Hr intro duced the gentleness and tenderness and mercy of his new convenaiit, with man. “And Jesus alone remained, and the woman stand ing in the midst. Then Jesus lifting up Ilim sfdl said to her : Woman, where are they that accused 11100? Hath rm man con demned thee? who said: No man, Lord. And Jesus said: Neither will I con demn thee. Go, and now sin no more.” I do not say that this scene proves that Our Lord is God ; but it is in harmony with that idea, and speaks of a new power of compassion and meekness come into the world. But what follows this scene does, very directly, point to the doctrine of His Divinity. Our Master took occasion of this act of condescen si on to tell the Jews, who were surrounding' Him in the temple, who He was. With majestic Divine calmness, He claims a power and position that no man could claim, how ever enlightened, without making himself ridiculous. He said to them not, I am a dever philosopher, I am a great teacher, but, ‘ I am the Light of the world !” Could the greatest men that ever lived or all the greatest, were they capable of being turned into one transcendant man, arrogate to them selves or himself, as the case might be, such a position as that? I am the Light of the world ! almost tantamount to a declaration of Divinity. More than tin's : Uur Saviour not only declares Himself to be the Light of the world, but the great Loader of the world who never could or would lead men astray, but would infallibly lead them to life. u I am the Light of the world. He that followeth me, walketh not in darkness, but shall have the light of life.” What mere man. without extravagant absurdity, could put forth such a universal claim as that to lead all men, and to lead all following him to “ the light of life?” Again, the whole passage which I have ([noted is instinct with the evidence of Christ’s Divinity. “ You are from beneath, I am from above. You are of this world, I am not of this world. If you con tinue in my word yon shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free. If any man keep my word he shall not see death for ever.’’ What mere man could have talked and taught this and made such God-like pro mises ? u Abraham, your father, rejoiced that he might see my day : he saw it, and was glad. The Jews, therefore, said to him : Thou are not yet fifty years old, and hast thou seen Abraham? Jesus said to them: Amen, amen, I say to you, before Abraham was made, 1 am. They took up stones”— very likely the stones prepared for killing the poor woman Our Saviour saved, “ therefore to cast at Him.” Here at length our Lord, in so many words, in spite of what He know He would have to suifer. declared point blank, in a language that all understood, that He was Divine. His enemies witnessed to the fact in the most emphatic manner by offering to stone him, and cause him to die the death of a blasphemer. If this teaching of our jSaviour is true, then, He must be Divine ; if false, ho cannot be the great Teacher ami Exemplar that Mr. Mill would make Him : for he would he leading the world astray on a most cardinal point of reli gious belief. if he were doing this know ing!}' he would be a. knave ; if unknowingly, a fool. He cannot he either one or the other— for the segue] proves his right to veneration ; therefore he must be Divine. If he declares himself to be so, and is not, then he is no thing better than an impostor, and Mr. Mill’s great moralist and exemplar is shivered to atoms ; whereas if lie declares himself Divine, and real!}' is Divine, then Mr. Mill is wrong again, whilst the whole Gospel His tory possesses a key, without which it would be little better than unintelligible jargon. Now let us proceed a. step further and look at one or two of the prophecies of our Master which do not receive as much attention as they deserve, and you will find that all of them point to the one conclusion—that our Saviour is something more than man. Take these words of the u Acts,” (chap. i. v. 8.) You shall receive the power of the Holy Ghost coining upon you, and you shall be wit nesses unto me in Jerusalem, and in all Judea, and Samaria, and even to the uttermost jiarts of the earth. Xow is not this a wonderful prophecy? Re member the t'hristian Church was scarcely in its infancy then. Those whom our Lord ad dressed were poor, helpless, and despised men. And yet Christ boldly informed them that they would be witnesses to Him not only in the Last, but “ even to the ntterinosts parts of the earth.” IIow supremely unlikely that seemed then. Now we who live in this age are compelled to admit that this bold forecast ing lias come true to the letter. What mere man could thus foretel the future ? Take St. Matthew (xxvin., 18-20.) And Jesus coming, spoke to them, saying : All power is given to me in heaven and on earth. Going, therefore, teach ye all nations, baptizing them in the Name of the Father, and of the Hon, and of the Holy Ghost. Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have com manded you ; and behold I am with you all days even to the consummation of the world. Are these words the expressions of a mere man? To whom were they addressed? To the poor and the helpless. What were these helpless men told to do?—A work which re quired superhuman power and a. force of character which they did not possess by gift of nature. When these words were uttered, all was buried in the future. We are privi leged to look on the event as written in the page of history. What Christ told them to do they did—did to the letter. Is not this a marvellous prophecy ? And is the prophet who possessed so much innate power a simple man? Again: And passing by the sea of Galilee, He saw Simon and Andrew, his brother, casting nets into the sea, for they were fishermen. And Jesus said to them : Come after me, and I will make you to become fishers of men. And im mediately leaving their nets they followed him. (Mark, chap. L v. 1G-17.) Here two poor labouring fishermen receive a promise that they should be made “fishers of men ” ; that they should gather men into the net of their power, just as the fish are captured with the fisherman’s net. To make such a promise is easy enough. But here, we see ourselves, it has been absolutely ful filled. St. Peter by one or two sermons ciptured thousands of his fellow-countrymen, Our Lord not only made promises but the fishermen believed in Him ; they left their nets and followed Ilim. Is this the opera tion of a mere man ? Again :— And when He was in Bethania in the house of Simon the leper, and was at meat, there came a woman having an alabaster box of ointment of precious spikenard ; and breaking the alabaster box she poured it out upon His head. Now there were some that had indignation within themselves, and said : Why was this waste of the ointment made For this ointment might have been sold for more than three hundred pence, and given to the poor. And they mur mured against this. But Jesus said : Let her alone, why do you molest her! She hath wrought a good work upon me. For the poor you have always with you ; and whensoever you will, you may do them good : but Me you have not always. What, she had, she hath done ; she is come beforehand to anoint my body for the burial. Amen L say to you, wheresover this Gospel shall lie preached in the whole world, that also which she hath done, shall lie told for a memorial of her. (Mark, chap, xiv., 3-9.) Am I not at tin’s very moment proving the truth of this prophecy, am L not telling this touching history, and leaving in your minds a pleasant memory of the love and tender ness of Christ ami of the deep affection and generous loving thought and care of the woman who prepared Christ for his burial ? Is Christ a mere man ? And once more, and finally : Take our Lord’s prophecy of the de struction of Jerusalem and its wonderful ful filment :— And when Me drew near seeing the city, He wept over it saying : “ If thou also lwdst known, and that in this thy day, the things that are to thy peace : but now they are hidden from thine eyes. For the days shall come upon thee ; and thy enemies shall cast a trench about thee, ,and compass thee round about, and straiten thee on every side, and beat thee Hat to the ground, and thy children who are in thee ; and they shall not leave in thee a stone upon a stone, because thou hast not known the time of thy visitation. For these are the days of vengeance, that all things may be fulfilled that are written.” (Luke, chap, xix., 11-44 : xxi., 22.) Now l beg your patient, attention to this. It is very startling how infidels themselves are compelled to attest to the truth of this prophecy. Perhaps the most hardened sar castic and polished unbeliever of any ages, arid the most musical writer, was Gibbon the historian. Allow' me to road you ids account of the way in which, miraculously, the prophecy of Christ was made to runic true. He says : — The desire of rebuilding the temple has, in every age, been the ruling passion of the chil dren of Israel. In this propitious moment the men forgot their avarice, and the women tlreir delicacy ; spades and pick-axes of silver were provided by the vanity of the rich, and the rubbish was transported in mantles of silk and purple. Every purse was opened in liberal con tributions, every hand claimed a share in the pious labour; and the commands of a gi'eat monarch were executed by the enthusiasm of a whole people. Yet, on this occasion, the joint efforts of power and enthusiasm were unsuc cessful ; and the ground of the Jewish temple, which is now covered by a Mohammedan mosque, still continued to exhibit the same edifying spectacle of ruin and desolation. Per haps the absence and death of the Emperor, and the new maxims of a Christian reign, might explain the interruption of an arduous work, which was attempted only in the last six months of the life of Julian. But the Chris ians entertained a natural and pious expecta tion. that, in this memorable contest, the honour of religion would be vindicated by some signal miracle. An earthquake, a whirlwind, and a fiery eruption which overturned and scattered the new foundations of the temple, are attested, with some variations, by contemporary and re spectable evidence. This public event is de scribed by Ambrose, Bishop of Milan, in an epistle to the Emperor Theodosius, which must provoke the severe animadversion of the Jews ; by the eloquent Chrysostom, who might appeal to the memory of the elder part of his congrega tion at Antioch ; and by Gregory Nazianzen, who published his account of the Miracle before the expiration of the same year. The last of these writers has boldly declared that this preternatural event was not disputed by the in fidels ; and his assertion, strange as it may seem, is confirmed by the unexceptionable testimony of Ammianus Marcellinus. The philosophic soldier, who loves the virtues, without adopting the prejudices of his master, has recorded, in his judicious and candid history of his own times, the extraordinary ob stacles which interrupted the restoration of the temple of Jerusalem. ‘ Whilst Alypius, as sisted by the Governor of the Province, urged with valour and diligence the execution of the work, horrible balls of fire breaking out near the foundations, with frequent and reiterated attacks, rendered the place from time to time inacessible to the scorched and blasted work men ; and the victorious element continuing in this manner obstinately and resolutely bent, as it were, to drive them to a distance, the under taking was abandoned.’ Such authority should satisfy a believing, and must astonish an in credulous mind. Roman Empire (Bohn’s edi tion, Vol. ii., pp. ">36-“>39.) Now, to sum up : Take our Lord’s unique position in history, ancient and modern ; take his supreme claim, his works, his prophecies, and the peculiar character of them ; take the whole tenor of the Gospel narrative, and say frankl)' whether Mr. Mill is to be believed in,, or the witness of the whole Christian world based upon such arguments as those, with respect to Our Lord’s claim regarding His Divinity? I do not undertake to prove Christ’s Divinity conclusively in one lecture, though l believe I have already proved it ; but I promise, by the time these addresses have come to an end, that such evidence will bo forthcoming that the most hardened, if only candid, will exclaim : My Lord anil My God ! I purpose doing this by means of our Saviour’s words and works. “ He began to do and to teach !” He began to do—to work his miracles ; and to teach —to utter His Divine parables. Both are prophecies also. They foretel the future condition of the spiritual empire. They are in harmony with its doctrines and it spirit : they are. to it what the acorn is to the spread ing oak ; what the mustard seed is to the greatest of all trees. St. Matthew gives ns such parables as touch upon the constitution of the future Church : St. Mark follows St. Matthew : St. Luke chooses out such ones as set forth our Lord’s high standard of morality,, the loveliness of His religion, and its elevat ing effects on man. St. John gives no par ables, strictly speaking, though lie does relate how our Lord compares himself to the vine, a door, and the good Samaritan ; but that is all. He is mainly engaged in drawing out the character of Christ himself, and in displaying, by means of our Redeemer's words, his co-equality with the Lather and His Divinity. On these we shall touch dur ing the following Sundays. We shall also treat on what Christ did, on His signs and wonders. An able writer, undone with very advanced views, has said :— On the whole, miracles play so important a part in the scheme of Christ, that any theory which would represent them as due entirely to the imagination of His followers, or of a later age, destroys the credibility of the documents, not partially but wholly, and leaves Christ a personage as mythical as Hercules.—(Ecce Homo, p. 4.) Thus we cannot reject our Saviour’s mira cles without rejecting our Saviour Himself, and what we cannot do, Mr. Mill, and by Mr. Mill, I mean “ modern thought” cannot do. Our Lord’s miracles have been compared to stars on a brilliant night ; some are large, shining solitary planets, some of greater brilliancy than others ; some sparsely scattered ; others thrown in clusters ; others, again, spread with a lavish hand on the floors of Heaven. There are silver masses, like the milky- way and far beyond the reach of the naked eye, worlds upon worlds, only visible through a powerful glass; others again beyond those out of the reach of human scrutiny. So with our Lord’s miracles. Their splendour, their diversity, their number, their brilliancy, now one startling one, now many performed in one hour or one day, now a pause, now, again, a recommencement of wonder-working—-such actions as these per formed all through Christ’s public ministry tend to strengthen our faith in Him and to teach .us who He is and what we ourselves are. Take, at random, out of Sacred Writ, the pic ture that is given of Christ’s wonder-working. It speaks for itself and inquires neither note nor comment. St. Luke says: “ People pressed on our Lord from all quarters to hear, and to be healed by Him, of tluur infirmities.” (Chap. vj., Hi.) Again : “A very great multitude of people from all Judea and Jerusalem and the sea-eoast, both of Tyre and Sidon, who were come to hear Him, and lie healed of the diseases, and they that had unclean spirits were cured. And all the multitude sought to touch Him, for virtue went out from Him, •and healed them all.” (Luke vi., IK.) St. Luke says once more : “ All they that had any sick with divers diseases brought them to Him. Put He, laying Ilis hands on every one of them, healed them. And devils went out of many, crying out and saying, Thou art the Son of God.” (Chap.Yin., dl-40.) St, Peter calls Him, the Man ll whom God anointed with the Holy Ghost and with power, who went about doing good, and heal mg all who were oppressed by the devil, for God was with Him.” (Acts x., JK.) St, Mark says : “ A great multitude fol lowed Him from Galilee and Judea, and from Jerusalem, and from Idumea, and from the .Iordan, and they about 'Tyre and Sidon, a very great multitude, hearing the things which He did, came unto Him. ° For He healed many, so that they pressed upon Him, as many as had devils, and the un clean spirits, when they saw Him, fell down before Him and they cried out, Thou art the son of Cod.” Chap, in., 11, 12) St Mathew : “ And Jesus went about all the cities and towns, teaching in their synagogues, preaching the Gospel of the Kingdom, and healing even' disease, and every infirmity.” (Chap, ix., df>.) St. Mathew, once more : “ And there, came to Him great multitudes, having with them the blind, the lame, the maimed, and many others, and they cast them down at His feet, and tie healed them. So that the multitudes marvelled, seeing the. dumb speak, tbe lame walk, the blind see, and they glorified the God of Israel.” (Chap, xv., JO.) These extracts give us a general account of our Lord’s wondrous works. They, taken together, point in one direction—to Christ’s Divinity. His Parables do the same ; in a way they are miraculous also. I purpose bringing both before your attention during these Sunday nights. The impression pro duced to night will be intensilied cacti night more and more, until you will be forced to exclaim that the arguments for our Lord’s Divinity and for the supernatural character of His religion are so strong that, even from a human point of view, apart, from faith, you must embrace them. Dearly beloved people, wo do not need to have this proved to us ; we hold it with all the power of Divine faith already, we cannot, if we would, let it go ; yet we feci pleasure, in giving comfort to our reason, and in seeing how the traditions of nges are supported and continued by the tes timonies of human reason and the dictates of common sense. Next, Sunday I shall try and treat of the Sewer and the Leper—a J’arable and a Miracle—as specimens of many more that 1 shall not have time to treat, so fully. The vast assembly listened with great at tention to the lecture of his Grace, and the Archbishop having withdrawn, tin; benedic tion of the Blessed Sacrament was proceeded with. 