Notes or CiiiTBat Events. 'I'hedeaSiof 33eary Kendall will be heard, of with general regr«t. It is the loss to Australia of the one man of t?ae poetic genius whom she has yet p_rodueed* In comparison with him all other native mrnstsrelB 'sink to the luatrel of mere inooivbird imitatDrs^-' warblers *' -who liavs their tune by lieart. In Kendall the gift of song was . :, developed with .unmistakable origi nality^ isbt, indeed, thai much of his verse was free from- -.: the repfeach of imitation, but what was best ia it was' decidedly Ms own, and exhibited few traces — except as to its form — of what may be termed foreign influences. The efforts of most young poets — including many of the greatest who have ever lived—have been more or less echoes of otJier .voices. Kendall -was to a great extent a singular exception to this rule. By far the finest epeehnens or his poetry are to be found in the first volumes which he published. In his later writings, one searches in vain for anything' exhibiting the same descriptive almost dramatic power which is dis played for instance in his legend of the Ghost Glen, or which breathes the same weird music. That poem, with one or two besides, among his earlier productions, was — as most persons are doubtless aware — warmly praised by such competent critics as thosu of tha London ' Athenseum.' They hailed in ; Hendall the promise of one destined in some . sense to opea-a^aew poetic world — ? ' To throng tritli stately WooaiB the lireataiiig'. spring, . OI bops aadTouth, with offerings gathered on a virgin eoil. That promise was only partiallyfnlfilled. The melan choly reflection that it might have been, entirely so under happier conditions, must intensify the sorrow with which his country men will hear that Henry Kendall has prematurely closed his career at the age of 40. In claiming for Kendall the first place among Australian poets, we have not forgotten the late 3Ir. Gordou. His bush Ballads may certainly vie in the matter of local colouring with Kendall's best poetry — and perhaps surpass it occasionally in picturesqueness and vigour. Gordon, however, was only an Australian by adoption. He 'be longed, at least, as much to England as he did to Australia. Kendall's inspirations -were dis tinctly those of ' a'Boa of the soil.' 