THE OLD M4.N'S GHOST. ShV£RAL days ago a celebrated spiritualist camo to Littlo Bock, and stated that before giv ing a public entertainment ho would give a seanco, where any member of a small invited circle would call up tho spirits of their friends and converso with them. i-y mistake a man from down tho livor was admitted, a man whoso reputation for deeds of violence would not placo his spirit above par in tbo soul market. Aftor listening awhile to rapping, horn-blowing, and gauzo veil materialisation, tbo bad man arose and said : 1 Say, Cap'u, whar's the old man's ghost ?' ' What old man ?' asked the medium. ' My old man, tho governor. Call him up.' ' What is his name ?' 'Tom Boaliok; call him np. ' I don't think wo aro in communication with him to-night.' ' What's tho matter, wire down ?' ' No, tho old gentleman is off on ft visit.' ' Now, hore, just shut np your wardrobe and turn on your light. If you don't give tho old man's ghost a show the thing shan't ran.' ?Wait; I'll see if he'll oome,' said the spiritualist. ' If he raps three timos be is willing; if only onco, he has other engage ments.' A sharp rap sounded. ' He is unwilling,' oontinued the spiritualist. ? Now, here,' said tho bad man, ' that wan't my ole man's knock. Why, ef he'd hit that table he'd splintered it. Call him up,' and, drawing a revolver, the affeotionato sou oast a severe look on the medium. ' To tell the truth, I can't call him up.' ' Tell him that I want to see him. That'll fetch him.' ' No, he won't como ; but I beg of you to be patiout. Wait ; ah, bo will come presently. He ia hero and desires to talk with you. Ho says that he is porfeotly happy, and that ho longs for tho time whon you will bo with him. Ho is one of tho rulors in tho spirit land.' '.Oap'n, you'ro tho internalist liar in Arkan sas.' 1 Why, so, air ?' 1 Beoauso the old man is in tho city prison, drunk as a fool.' — Little Mock Gazette. When Judge -JeffeiieB pointed with his oano to a man who was about to be tried, and said ; ' Thero is a great roguo at the end of my cane ! ' the man promptly asked, * At whioh end, my lord?' 