THE LAST MAN'S WORK. THE last morning had dawned. The sun had gone out permanently the day before, yet of his expiring beams there still lingered a faint recollection which gave to the air a phosphorescence which cast an aurora-like light over the icy mantle that was wrapping Melbourne and its suburbs in its eternal winter fashions. When this, the last morning which life should behold upon the moribund snowball hitherto known as " the earth," a few—a very few—human beings were still left with sufficient vi tal warmth to drag on for a few minutes or hours longer, until " The fever called living Was over at last." There were some men with missions unfulfilled, and ambitions unattained who died hard—hard as the icy asphalt pavements on which they sank in that chilly torpor which is the prelude to a painless death in a snow-shroud. Everything bore the impress of the icy hand of a world's deathaccording to Proctor; if not quite according to Cocker. The hillsides, the house-topB, and the church spires glistened in the faintly phosphorescent air like the iced ornaments on a gigantic wed " cake. It was bitter cold—cold as the freezing chilliness of Fit: bon's smile—cold as the corpse of a friendship that once subsisted tween Bent and MacMahon—cold as the reception of the unexpected friend brought home to dinner by the thoughtless husband on washing day. AB the slight warmth afforded by the lingering light gave up the ghost of its warmth under the pressure of circumstances that were many degrees below zero, it was evident that the few remaining living creatures were growing cold on it, and didn't seem to freeze on to such a chilly livelihood. One by one they became refrigerated meat until only two were left upon the face of the (for one hour more) habitable globe. Only two. One was Jack Gardiner. The fresh young warmth of his inextinguishable childishness kept his blood sufficiently barometrically high to sustain life, and keep the first chill off. He had been waiting in the expectation of the issue of the final number of the Daily Hansard, which would right him before the world and rob Punch of its most valued contributor. The hope of seeing that Mansard had sustained himuntil this last day, when it dawned upon him that even if that paper came out now, the earth's population was far too cold to be warmed up to reading comic literature, even by Jack's " burning questions." That thought froze Jack's very life blood and turned his marrow to ice-cream. He felt that the world had not supported him properly and resigning himself to the icy king of shivers, consented to a " dissolution." Only one man left upon the earth. He was a navvy, digging, digging away at the snow as if for bare life. Ever and anon he paused and blew upon hiB numbing fingers and muttered : "I must holdup. Mr. Bent's instructions must be carried out." He worked energetically but he could not make much progress, for as he dug and shovelled away, the snow that was floating about in the atmosphere fell into the opening, and filled it again. The icicles of despair stood out upon his forehead in frozen perspiration: The spade fell from his nerveless numbed grasp, and as he sank in the snow, he wailed— " Mr. Bent's promise will be broken. He wanted the Richmond and Alphington line started before the world came to an end. I have tried to keep faith with him, and keep his word to the trustful deputations. He put me on too late. Had he only asked somebody in the twenty-third or twenty-fourth century to make a beginning, or—how jolly cold it's getting—or if he bad only—oh !" The rest of his speech was frozen ere it found utterance, and in an icy flake his last breath drifted out upon the air. The world had ended ere the Richmond and Alphington railway had been begun. 