\----^eBNBBAi -EXTRACTS. ? Tub : Melbourne ~6np d»y will be the 31st October this yew. - China baa no' national debt, and yet we despise poor pagan John, '?.' Seven brick yards at Townaville are tnrning ont 130,000 bricks per month. .- Eketriottr ii being used as tbe motto ponor fur ploughing in Enrope. In the month of April lust about 27,000 Germans emigrated to the United States. : The annual cost of each man in the English army has just been totted np — it is £140 1 Fifty brigands hare been killed at Salonica — and the police did not burn tbe honse down; ' ?' ?????. ... i . A Sonth Anatralian company proposes to invent £10,000 in olives, ostriches, and wattles. ?; 'A young .. man was sentenced to seven days hard labour last Saturday week at Dabbo, for .-gambling... ?.'.. . ., Dn L. L. Smith, of Victoria, has seenred Wellnci.e'a ,,Mnjor Plains, Shepparton, for an .extensive vineyard. If rose tree's are covered with aphis sift fine wood-asrTe's!over them when the early morning dew is on the plant. The Educational Board of Advice at Balla rat (Vic.) has declared in favor of Bible reading inState schools. -' 'Telephonic reporting between tbe Honse of .Commons and the Tinea is now in regular OBe for after midnight speeches. Tbe Pbosniz Foundry, at' Bollarat has engaged to supply 150 locomotives for £160, 000\. , A big job for Ballarat. While thousands of men, woman, and chil dren bathe annually in the Great Salt Lake, AraMMitfl frnm firnwnlno arA nnbnnBn. A Convent wbool will be opened at Mnr lumburrah in three weeks time, by a commu nity of religieuse from the Yasa Convent, i Summonses have been taken out against five yonng boys for whistling and playing on penny whistles in the streets of Butherglen. The Government have received a cablegram announcing that the ship, Northampton, with 371 . immigrants for Sydnay,left London last Thursday. : ? Dr. L. L. Smith considers the nonnlaritv of the Ministry is owing to their desire to let things alone, and allow the prosperity of the colony to go on. ?If a large yield of milk is wanted then feed a large supply of good food : yon will not get It from the overstocked grass land aronnd our Australian towns. The new war vessel for Sonth Australia ia to cost £70,000. Tbe annual cost of mainten ance of the sliip and artillery corps will be £14,000 or £15,000. An elephant in a menagerie at BoBton lately swallowed a novel. . ' That is nothing,' says an American exchange ; ' young ladies in our town swallow one every day.' A man living out West states that he first met his wife in a storm, took her to their first ball in a storm, popped the question in a storm, and has lived in a storm ever since. Hunter Biver ought to be about the most prosperous district in Australia. JoBt now they.' are sending sheep to Sydney at 30s per head, and lucerne hay at £8 per ton. With true Yankee instinct the lawyer who defended Guiteau, the assassin of President Gnrfield, is about to lecture on his, client in some'of'the principal cities of America. A .Singleton correspondent says: 'Metro- politans should migrate to Singleton, where thebakors sell the 2-lb. loaf for 3d., and the butchers., are contented with 3d. per 1b. for meat.' . . \- The Chinaman who was fined £100 or six months' imprisonment for smuggling in Ade laide,' when detected, had three or four jackets on, all the pockets of which were filled, with cigars.'' _' , '., . '.' o ' y ',.[ ' ' ' ? A coroner, while holding an inquest on a body, summoned eighteen women, and made then tell their ages, and now his midnight . dreams are interrupted by folks shooting through his doors. '? -. .' ' The Prince of Wales has taken the house and stabling formerly occupied by Lord Dnp plin, near Epsom Downs. Tbe Prince is said to belthe 'owner of a'. etud, , of which Mr. Jfohn Jones' is' tbe trainer.' ' ' ,~ ' ..'rl' . ' ' , . ' A valuable mare, belonging to Mr. Orr, of the Glebe', near Newcastle, died suddenly on Saturday. An examination- showed that a pin had fnnndTts way into the' animal'i intestines ?uu cauwju a tuuw ubbcd. A Caiifornian hits invented a torpedo in the shape of_a_ kernel ot 'Corn, which ia designed for the beguilement'of festive .cjrowk. ^ JAbmod aB the offensive crow takes hold of.it it. ex plodes and blows the top of bis head off. - . The Bishop of Durham, England, recently characterised ~co--iper«tion/aa'a:'devolopment of liberty and free-trade, a harmoniser of differences between capital and .labor, .and; a. potent aid to moral and political progress. 'It? k estimated 'that , the' time wasted by women of Now JSoiTtti W»les in looking under beds lor uicii at uigiit if. devoted to work would result, in a'year's time, in making over 17,bd0pnirs'of suspenders' for the heathen, ... ? The duplex system- of- telegraphing, shortly to b6 extended to all the principal inland towns of Victoria, will greatly expedite telegraphic business. Under this system two messages can be simultaneously sent along the same wire from, opposite, directions. . '? ' ? \ . Tf in atato^ fhaf. a *»nmml«atnn in af. nrPMIlt' sitting to consider what changes it may think necessary to introduce regarding the , re organisation of the Royal Irish Constabulary. Mr. Clifford-Lloyd, R.M., has lately been snm moned to give evidence before the commis sion. ? .? ? ? ? ?????? : It is announced that new guano deposits have been discovered in the Gulf of California on the Mexican coast, tvteuty-eight miles north weBtof Point. Lobot.. The.leland containing the guano is sixteen square, miles In .extent, and the' deposits are, it, is stated, of consider able importance. The whole of tbe pearls secured this season on the north-west coast of Western Australia have been purchased by merchants in that colony. Messrs. Josephson and Mason have bought £3000 worth, which they intend to dispose of in Russia, for use at .the.ceremony. of the Czar's coronation. '. . . \- Eighty licensed bookmakers went in a body to tbe authorities on tbe course at tne Victorian eteepieohase meeting last week to protest against being compelled to wear a badge ot the arm. The difficulty was ultimately settled by the bookmakers agreeing to wear a metal ticket on the front of their coat. ; A new die for the next issue of golden coinage from the Mint is now completed aud in the possession of the authorities, at tho, Mint. Thia is only the Berond die taken during tbe reign of Queen . Victoria, and her Majesty ia represented, with an Imperial crown, and the likeness is that of the Queen of the present year. There are 257 new members in the English House of Commons. Of these 150 are mer chants or engaged in commerce, while 52 are lawyers, 44 barristers, 8 solicitors, 6 journal ists, 7 engineers, . 5 bankers, 2 brewers, 3 doctors, 6 tenant farmers, -4 publishers, en gravers, or printers, ,3 clergymen (past or present}, 30 officers in the army, and 2 in the navy. ., . . . .. The liberal- minded Canon Farrar preached a ' flower ' sermon at the Slough parish church, to about 1000 children. Every child brought a nosegay of flowers,- for the children who are inmates of the Westminster Hospital. The flowers, formed a large .bank and com pletely scented the -church. The Canon selected his text from Matthew vi.,' 26,'— ' Consider the lilies of the field, how they grow.' ' ' 'Some doubt baa been cast upon the salary which it ia said Madame Pattl would receive for singing in America, so Mr.-Mapleson has come .forward to solemnly state that: the famous prima donna is engaged to sing twice a week for six months, that she is to receive £917 for each performance, that she ia to have a private Pullman car, fitted; up for her entire suite, and that she will be attended by two cooks and other servants, all at hiB expense, or rather at that of the American public. ' Says the Kew York Tribune— Our English'; speaking friends of the antipodes are amusing themselves with the fallacy that our tariff will soon be removed on wools, when they propose to push American woolgrowers to the wall.; An industry that h&s; Increased in sixty years from about 4,000,000dols. to much more than 200,000,000 dolSi, .which gives to the farmers 70,000,000 dola ..for raw material is too valu able to the producers and to the country at large to admit of sudden and radical changes of imports. . ?? Mr. Cornwell, contractor for the construction. of the Wallaby Creek aqueduct in connection with the Yan Yean system, in replying to a communication from the Department calling attention to the alow progress of tbe work, states that althongh he made earnest efforts to secure quarrymen, he failed. He says that he offered men 13s per day and most comfortable house accommodation, . but they refused to leave Melbonrne. He adds that he has been to Sydney and offered the highest wages, and although he engaged men they bad not yet' arrived. . ' . ' . The hat ia an , important article of church furniture, but it must not be passed rotind 'In an actual sense— at leatt.in the bnildinga under the control of the Established Church ot Eng land. AtLeyland, in Lancashire, tbe other day, tbe proper plate not being forthcoming, Mr. Joseph Culshaw proceeded to collect tbe offertory in bis bat, and the churchwardens— though they seem to have mada do objection, to receiving the money thus gathered — promptly proceeded against him, for ' indecent behaviour in church,' the magistrates taking their view of the action, fined Calshaw in a matter of twenty shillings. Last week a yonth named Murray, about 13, years of age, living in Pelican-street, Sydney, died from miliary cancer of the liver, origin ating in a blow from a cricket ball. ThU disease is usually started; by irritation or violence, and occasionally attacks open wonnds. In Australia epithelial cancer ia reported to be increasingly prevalent, in consequence of the pernicious and extending habit of smoking clay pipes with rough monthpieces. This last variety of the complaint, unlike many forms of it, is regarded as especially amenable to medical treatment when detected early j and, fortu nately, frequently appears inacctMible situa. tious. . .... i ? A private letter received in-Briabane ' from the manager of the -Royal Mail -Steam Packet Company, London, - states that a great demand is made upon them for freezing ' maohines to meet the requirements of the meat trade, and that they are thinking of Sitting up three of -their River Plata steamers with machines and holds for importing meat from Buenos Ayres. A tale is told of a 'certain bombastic colonel who .was once riding, in a stage-coach, with several other passengers, when he. accidentally dropped ms nat one ot tne coacn winaow, ana exclaimed in a stentorian voice— ' Charioteer, pause I I have lost my chapeau.' Tbe driver paid no heed to the demand. Again the bom bastio fellow authoritatively spoke—' Chariot eer, pause! I have lost my chapean.' No attention being paid by the driver to this last demand, a plain, blunt man, who had, become disgusted with his' fellow- traveller's silliness and pomposity, put, his head out. of the win dow, ana said—' Driver, hold on ; this fool baa lost his hat.' This was perfectly intelligi ble to the driver, and the hat was secured. As a further illaeiratlon of how the Western District is being settled, we reprint the follow: ing extract from a recent Dubboletter in the ,Sydfet/ ?Mail:— f'.Tbert has beetf, -it ia pretty certain, and the records of the. Lands Depart ment will show it,. more flagrant dummying in one year; istuce .'.the Act:, of .1880 became law ,than In.any tl.0 years previously; ? What :with mineral . conditional purchases and. the many stratagems reBorted to, the law haa been a dead letter.; The Bquatter.has had the ; beat nrnfoafltmml nAirinA. and has taken advantage of it to- the full. , One pastoralist in these parts has about a dozen men, whose ages average 70 :yeara,.inhis,employ. They are all 640-acre men, and their wills are already made. , Two or three of the old fellows have already died, and, tbe land having devolved on their em ployer by devise,, be, of course, has only to make improvements.' ' There is a prisoner at the Pentridge Stookade who 1b a couBin of- the notorious Eellys, and 'Who has'led the'waridefing life of a hdrsestealer in the northern'clistricts. ?' He is abont twenty years of age, and is a fine specimen of an Aus tralian ,bushman, having been born in the. bush and ' moulded in tbe saddle. He has been familiar with tbe career of tbe members of the Kelly, gang. 8in.ee he was a child, and the accounts ho relates of some of .their, exploits would form n striking chapter in- the history of crime and criminals in these colonies. In his estimation, the worst member of the gang was Steve Hart, with whom, some years ago, he was employed in shooting wild horses on a squatter's, run in New Soirth Wales. . Whilst so' engaged, Hart's cruel and' bloodthirsty instincts were manifested by his practice of torturing the hoieea after tbe had fallen by the bullet; Hart's boart used to be'tHat he would as eoon shoot a policeman, as a wild .horse— a boast subsequently carried out in practice on the Wombat Ranges, : and for which a just retribution was exacted in the hotel at Glen rdwah.:' '' ,:. '.'?. ..' '.' ' ,.?'' .-' Robert Johnson, tbe assistant lighthouse keeper; connected with tho Queensland marine, haB again been taken .before the Geelong bench on : the charge of shooting at Mr. Peter Dwyer, the Governor of the Geelong jail, and has been committed for trial to the Assize Court. He repudiates -altogether the charge of insanity, and alleges that he has a substantial grievance against .Mr. Dwyer, for tampering with his (Johnson's) wife. He states that he left Vic toria in January* ?1875, and did nol return till November,. 1880, when he found his wife, with a child three: years and a half old, -which he asserts she^ .after much hesitation, admitted to' be pwy'er's, ' He had always remitted monthly Bums to his wife for the. support of herself and children, altbongh she was in full employment as feniale warder at Geelong jail.. He. had written and telegraphed to Dwyer to take the child away, and had not received any reply. He, therefore, came down on his leave of ab sence to have it out with Dwyer. He also states that the revolver went off in the struggle by accident. Mrs. Johnson is now a' warder in the Melbourne jaiL ,. . . . . ; In the cpnrse of a sermon preached recently by Dr. Moorhouse, that distinguished prelate is reported by , the Melbourne, y4r^tu to have said : — ' There are many really learned men in' the present day who know about the Word of God little more than superstitious old^wjvea. did, oil fables and. accounts which they' had' heard in the nursery. He said thia of charity to them, because, if it were not so, it would be totally impossible to explain the ridiculous mistakes into which, they^re'continually fall ing. In the dayo- wben~tbese learned men were young the ordinary. : Christian would1 tell them that the Gospel came to teach them the way to heaven, and, if questioned further, he would probably say that the end of his labour; and tbe object of his hopes beyond this world, waa. tbe getting to heaven. No wonder that that was regarded as a mean and contemptible Christianity — ' an other worldlinesa.' 'fhat, however, waa not New ' Testament taafihinp. The kingdom of God was not meat and drink, but righteousness and peace and joy in tbe Holy Ghost. The, Kingdomcof God within a man consisted in the regulation 'of bis feelings, impulses, thought*, words, and deeds, so that ?his life was animated and inspired by love to God and man. . Heaven - waa not a plice merely ; it was the state of. the eoul towards Goj; and.if a man tried to gain it as a reward, and merely from selfish-motives, the act shut it out from him, for that belonged to the Op posite of the Kingdom of God— not to heaven, but toheil;'' 