DE. VAUGHAN FENCING THE BENCHES. There is a practice which has prevailed from time immemorial among the Presby-,' teriansi'in Scotland, of fencing the tables. On the ''Lord's day appointed for "the celebration -of the Lord's; Supper, or.) Holy ''' Communion, a ' sermon w hich" is called the action' sermon is' preached by- ;the -minister 'of 'the parish or congregation. ' When' every preliminary iiasv'been com- ' ipleted, he delivers a very striking address in which "all welldtnown 'profane persons' are' debarred' or preveht'ed from seating ithemselves - at' the 'table, Vwhere theV lelements >of the Com'inuiiibh' are partaken? This practice is regarded as .necessary ' fop' jthe' bbtter-'observalnce of the religious; .ordinancej and' the proper restriction of I all -unworthy people. The expression! ifencing the'tables is certainly .applied in' a; nietapihorical isense, but would it be' 'believed, that the Church 'whose motto is has -'been guilty of a glaring iinnovatibn, ' in that the Archbishop now proposes to fence the tables or' seats at ; the Cathedral in a ' literal sense ? According to his published 'addresses in cqUecting funds' for the pbyment of' ttb i ecclesiastical edificb, the moment it was openedj all pressure would be removed; I Now it ' seems'that " if 'D r." Pol ding's ' rlile i was' " oppressive " enough,' that' of , Dr? -Vaughan's will be doubly so. "'The seats or benches in the 'Cathedfaf'arb fb' 'be farmed at sb much' tor each sitting; and fb' be fenced off so that only mbnied'persdns' can secure "accommodation. The office of publican or fax- gather is once in ore' to' be set 'up. ' As Solomon -'said long- ago? " What has been shall be; and ' there" is " nothing new under the-sun.'" Still"''it' is Tathor'strange that such an 'inhovalaon' 'should'bnginate'iat St. 'Mary's; arid under the benign government of the cultured Dr. Yaughau. A drowning ma.n, however, ivill catch at a straw ; so that the Papal representative in carrying out the'piqlicy of the Vatican in |fe.8pect7to.!;/denomina- tiona! education isifofceddloladopt; this innovation, to2meethev,expenditure which his denomination niust in future raise to pay their scholastic overseers. These may be either monks or nuns. ; . , On Sabbath, the 5tb November, Guy 'Eawkes' day7 the- was stated ; at/!tlie !-M6'fning Service at the Cathedral. '- The feli"6u8 bfgah of Dr. /Vaughn ftpublisheSji. the j, whole j-circum- Btahces afterliiiis iasbjp,n.fo'VIiP'P®diatey ,afterjtlie|G,ospffi,ED,i. ;the'„pupit,., and ,.8aid;jtiiat ..he ,.had tcome there that morning to. say. a few words. on .behalf of the Mission,. Fund, ..which. goes towards .paying ; for .the -leducation; ,of clergymen, but, before doing so. he, .would say, a fewiwords respecting .the. bench rents of the! Caf/hedral/ . .Tlieyj would remember at' the elosft of: the, !Triduum |he. said, chat, as a praet icrtl testimony pj: Ms earnestness, ie,p)guld gioepvmyhi income derived fiom ilie iOidbedlrfll', as :(disfipp\ to the support py,Oathplip So/ioqZs,; and,: .as., he had made up!hi3 ujind,; offeri.ng to, the Sacred Heart of Jesus, he:feltail,ihe;je88 delicacy in/speaking to them to support and assist .in:eyery/possible Ayay. the clergy, and him self., //./Now all thro ughou the, Christian world , the means -of; incoine ! had come from the sittings;, and . those sittings/were nearly always, all chairs,: and, not, benches; us, they had there, and, instead; of'.payiug Sunday after - Sunday asi , they took; their, seat, they would pay every .quarter, . so that it would become much;more conveni ent., And thus it was.; that they had different divisions in the benchos,(which he would read to them, so.that. they. would assist him in: working: earnestly, for- the assistance winch they, undoubtedly, re quired, now . that: they, were (.gettiny into difficulties, which, were not: altogether insuperable, and that Archbishop, priests; and .people would make iaj.-sarrifice for: God's goodness, in oxQvx-ivX ihey' might perpetuate that faith toMoh\hdd withstood the storms and persecutions of ayes", . ; ; i . It. is; obvious that thejOld stale plea is abi.out to be raised. The phureh bf Home. ie;nbt/o,nly in danger .but is being perse cuted. !Who has placed „ the Eomish community in difficulties . as expressed by its organising head/? Had Dr. tVaughan possessed' the wisdom of the serpent as liis predecessor so courteously displayed; the Education Act might still have been ih nubibus. His impetuous nature urged him onward towards the precipice over which he has fallen ; and his unacquaint- auce with the public affairs of life, led him to suppose, that as the Pope of Rome had made him an Archbishop, thei states-; meuiand people of this colony would bow; their, knees, and. do obeisahce./tbithe idol which only Romanists .aredaught to adore; He counted without his. host,,. sorthat his utterances , on the Ed ucationh question! fell upon listless ears ; and now he is left out in the.- cold - arid- fallowed- to reap as he.had sovvn. /.Yeriiyithe words pfithe prophet are truly realisedj an the accu racy of his prognostications fulfilled in the f few short years .of Dr. , Vaughan's residence in the colony. He that sowed. to the wind,;shall reap the whirlwind." But let .the . ; ecclesiastical . -organiser: proceed ! " There would be," says Dr. Yaughau, "Jive rfiwi/wores,; the; first would b'erd62. a year, the. second £1 lOs ; the third £1, the fourth would, be; for stran- . gers who ivould give what they pleased,' and the fifth :for those, w bo. wei;e , not able to . give anything. , In i orderjithat - they might have them in complete order, the benches . would he railed in, and> Bench . holders would not be allowed, to introduce, mbr'e/jiersons than would be .consistent with the comfort of other bench holders. . /He had no, delicacy in speaking upon that subject, for he had asked jtheiYery.Rev. /p,ean ,Mahony to malte a. calculation , of. what it would cost to keep the, Cathedral; up. And he ( Dean < Mahony)! believed,' that jit would be jthree .times the expendi-! ture'there than it had .been in , the . pro-; Cathedral. . Ho urged upon those ,who. had not taken benches to . take them,; for,; atiinqst it , would not: cost them more than £2 , a, year, , and they would., at the same, time be assisting him in building Catholic Schools. He (the Archbishop)) said that, th had , assisted , him - earnestly and -ener getically throughout, .and werenow, anxi7.: (mB,tp!;do/mbB !/jThe l|omish i Communion, , is alleged; by , its partisanSi ,to, j.be.. exceedingly cpuBerya.;; tiye,/ an/d tp/.b built up , m-jthci iin of! Apostles.!' /ah ../of! the, OnriBtiaA, faith; :Hp,.ythen, ;did|;:thesej act,j!wh'en . a/ difficult , nvpae ; in respect' to; hey/matf/ers ?,,/ :,.>/('«)!!' fi Af -' ,!;D,idj/they phf)p!Os.ei ahj/nglishe/i/Pay qfjj-.thp, /Olden! itp/ jraise, (jfundsj (foFj PjCciesidstical purposes ; or/, bid , they feel i.i'j-i ij j| !' .! ';o ngfiivd disposed to assess the poor for the sake of the wealt by ? ,,.-The answer is found in the Acts, and their action is recorded there as an example to Archbishop Yaughan, et hoe omne genus. " And in those days, there arose a murmuring of the Grecians against the Hebrews, because their widows were neglected in the daily ministration. Then the twelve said, it is not reason that we should leave the "Word of God, and serve tables. Wherefore, brethren, look ye out among you seven men of honest report, full of the Holy Ghost arid wisdom, whom we may lappoint over this business. , But we will give ourselves continually to prayer, and to : the ministry of the Word." Here was a method, : adopted by . the early founders of Christianity, which it would be! .well I for . Dr. Yaughan and alh other ecclesiaslies to ; follow. i A. great amount of heart-burning had then arisen in respect to - the:/ temporalities, f/- -The - less ; that a ministeri/of ' .Christ ihasi.ito ( do with the secular . affairs. . of ii the church, .'the better for .hiss ..individual ricomfortf aud the , spiritual i prosperity: of.i his people: Here the mistake/has occurred; .which lies at the source of the difficultiesrby which the chief organiser, at! ;St/ Mary's is' sur rounded. ; His success with; the Holy Fayre enabled him! to increase the funds fob the erection of the Cathedral.' '/Now that / the q.means are required-; .for irig , the ecclesiastical . management, vfHe seems to be,' at;,his .wits. ehd.i . A like difficulty: inveigledi Leo X. into his grand misi ake. / He was . anxious that a temple should; be constructed, which: should I be regard'ed'as the, Cathedral of Christendom/ When'rivery method .hadcbeeniexhausted to . raise money.y which Ithe.'ingenuity! of inan. could deviae, - !the sale of indulgences as a-lasti resort was agreed -upon;. .'S 'Tetzel started, upon Iris mission, /and; as hei pro ceeded .in his-rmoriey-acquiring. labours, tiieinstifled voice of .ant enraged church, couldi no longer be ;; suppressed, i'i For years, previously/ a: universal, outcry had been;heard;.that' there should be a refor-; matioui in the Head , and i Members, of the church/vM;,From jevery i.side the outcry gained accelerated power;: until the; dis- ruplion .-took. T jilace, iiwliich/ separated Europe into ; two/ ecclesiiaistical'; camps. During the .period;; .which has elapsed between the Foritificates' of Leo X, and. LeorXIII, the chasm has riot been lessened but rather enlarged./) ! /Fettered and free thought occupy .the opposite places on the fthess hoard; of : ecclesiastical controversv As rit happened'! centuries / ago,- it inaybe safely, predicted:; now; :on which ; success will, lie,! and victory be.Cachieveffi i) This fact, how,ever)i';remain8;/.that ; as ihistnry repeats itself, the huildirig,!of SfelMary's; may yrbecome;):) Dr..;;,- Yaughari?8:!V.wlrite elephant,; just as; St. ;Peter/a at Rome is) the: permanent evidence iof /the supreme; folly of .the i sriE-called cYicar of Christ. . -i Butia more iinpprtarit question demands an'auawer/'inWhat is the original design of a ''cathedral ?) In eome of the' cultured supervisor's addresses he- had a ' rather' correctridea of this matter; ; The cathedral, he often affirmed; was ithe mothe'r-church of the' archdiocese.' In other, words, it was the church which would always stand' with'; open arms,, and 'give a : welcome embrace to all Jthe- adherents of Roman/ ism, who might ibe 'inclined to ' worship! within ! the walls of ' St; -Mary's, 'Now- hev has ' ..resiled'' 'from that position/; and ' ibroken ffaith with - those, whether' i Protestants of: Papists, ! who contributed! 'so -liberally and eveu 'lavishly to 'its' erec tion;; Could' it be for a moment supposed,/ that heywould reduce the Cathedral' to the position of ;a parish church ?><' "Were' lits usualarid/ casual worshippers 'to '-be kept separated as sheep in different pens,! as. these'arejto be seeri' cobped'-'u jj 'at the ; weekly r sales in thri rieighborirguobd' of = /Petersharii'!!" Such-'a'/sbrdido; thought? : could never have originated in the '/cul- ! tu red ; mind ;of the i accb m plished: ' Head / of I the -Romish 'community ! I iWas if likely i lie 1 should tifloa I'ower 'dris rdigriity-'-'and' ''Ide-- grade' the ; lofty altitude which Be i seerris'! always' to occupy, id;! .'Tell it;nqt'in''Gath;- I publish dt riot . iu - A'sealon/jthait is exactly whatithe Papal representative has' deigned' ; to ipe.rform.' His own- utterances' as-pub-' lished )in bis'.; own torgan cannot ;Be gtiin- : said 'lor ffminimised;; /Tn.'''St; Mary's' . Cathedral aclassificationidf berich-bblders' would be forthwith ; made/ arid 'abcbr ding; as fortune favbured-, > or ; frbwned,'/a' -frbrit/ ; or i back seat -would he assigned,!' ' There/ is nb dubiety in this matter.; The benclies' . would be -.farmed'' out; and the;: despised' /publican', -whose occupatibm was 'supposed' ! to 'have i been annihilated/ > when i Jerusa-; lem was captured by/Titus, will be'/agairi'- : revivedi 'rin ! all -. its pristine -grarideur.i : "-Tbu's/spakei'ritSt.-Mary's Cathedral/ Dr.' 1 Yarigh an , on: Sabbath ' rii orni rig,/' N oy etn- ' ber. Sth/ta red-letterv/day 'in the "Prbtes- / tant's ''Calendar,.' wbenfAthe Guriipo'wder' '< anoi ii'Joq i- i uj.-j'tJ-vHiip: Plot was discovered, and the Prince of Orange landed at Torbay. Ominous day for Romanism. " There would- be five divisions" said he, "the first would be £2 a year, the second £I 10s., the third £1, the fourth would he for strangers, who would give what they pleased, and the fifth for those who were not able :to give anything. In order that they might have them in complete order, the benches would he railed in, and bench holders would not be allowed to introduce more persons than would be consistent with the comfort of other bench-holders." This is the grand outcome of the head supervisor's management. Fortunately/ or otherwise, for the Romish community. Dr. Vaughan may claim authority, over St. Mary's, and keep the' kejr'thereofjias well as presume to bear spiritual rule over another place supposed to be located where, neither he nor any other Romanist can say, there is a place over "; which he hasi no ;power. " In my Father's house," said Chrisf to his immediate! attendants, "iiire many .mansions ; if it were; not; so, I wonld have toldyou.' ' I go to preparea place for you, I gb and prepare a place 'for you, I' will come again arid receive you unto myself ; that where . I am, there ye may be also.'' ; So spoke the Good Shepherd before he left this world. He did not propose to shut out or isolate bis people. In his sight riches or poverty were not the passport to his approval; It/is different with the under-shepnerd at St.: Mary's. The man whoiha's a long purse, whatever he his moral ebaracter, will invariably -receive .the;(kiridly .' invita tion, come up higher. The man- clothed in/rags and' steeped 'iii/ penury : will/ be thrust f Back, 'and - foreeds to 'lopk- i/qn' as unworthy : of the s lowest A bench'' in the grand' Cathedral of St; Mary's;.; ;; Look on this picture i and on - that ! 1 1 /.Hear'; the Master : " liam the .good shepherd; arid know my sheep, and am known of ininri; and ' there V shalb be- )one foldi !iand" ibne shepherd. . The' ihirelirig 'fleeth; 'because be isari' hireling, aaA 'careth not" for- tlie 1 hp:; :-';/D.G.="" 