\-- 1 ?& m £ m s&. ? I BETWEEN EBB AND FLO W. II By the Author of 'Castle of Cakds.' If 'Loud Roth's Sin,' &o.;, in the |i Family Herald, 9 [ Chapter XX. IH' It was the nitylit of Lady Cnmoron'H In -#i-ll. At six o'ciock Robert On) returned Ik home from the city. Home ! How Ik sweet tho word was 'to him who never IK before hud liud u home ! Iluw pleasant |p to him wore the comforts ami luxuries vm of the ele^'nntly-furnished liicliinuml 1^ villa ! How deliriously liappy he would HI ^IQVG ')oe' '''c' 'ol- t'10 'lur''cu °'' a sin vgjk tluit haunted him any uud ni^lit ! »| Ir, Imdbcen a busy day at th« office, ami |»f lw returned a trifle later than usual. wM Dinner had been delayed, but Portia Ira was already dressml in the drawing-room. III She had not heard his ring-, nor his stop Ih ascending tho stairs. Robert paused us njf he passed the drawing-room and looked mm in. Tho from the crystal chandelier fell Ws on the brilliant hues of the velvet-pile Kg carpet, on ormolu und buhl cabinets, on K| rni-o Cliina viises — on Portia herself, in U a low dress of '?listfiiiii';- white crepe, ?I with white roses and myrtle blossoms ?I in her yellow hair, and 'the jewels h-- h had -iiven her scintillating like Hashes of H living1 tire. Eg She stood ulono by the centre-table, K slight y turned from him, and utterly ?&? uncoiiuious of his presence, as witli bent m head she twisted the rin^s on oue baud H slowly and thoughtfully run nd with the ?I other — an exquisite statuesque figure, m$ at which the man in the shadow of tiio I doorway ^ussb with yearning eyes. I There she was — the treasure lie hud I lon»od lor with such fierce loii£iu--- — 1 the desire of his eyes — the one thiujv for I which he had craved' since the .hour a he hud seen her first ! There sho was *w — his wife ! i Yes, his, lie thought, with a flash of | awful exultation— his alone — the inis $ tress of his home, a homo replete wirh I evey comfort, rendered beautiful by the I luxuries witli which ho had filled it. I Every piece of costly: workmanship tlm ?1 .house contained » us his, bought wilh HJ his money, chosen by himself- — and H Purtia also was his. All these things HM were his to enjoy, to take pleasure in H — the fmits of his hard-earned wealth, B| am id which he miyht be happy. WS Happy ! The words mocked him. Ha Happy with the dailc-browed Nemesis n| ever beside him 1 Did it not dug his |B f-»jt.sic|:s thriing-h the crowded city |h| streets? Did it not stand beside him ffl| at his desk, and 'cast it grim shadow ma across the threshold of his home ? — And B| he— llouvcn pity him ! — hud never had K| a home before. Wus not its still small mm voice ever in 'his enrs, whispering ma 'Traitor'? lie could not drown that HI voice. Ho heard it nmid. tho rattle and ?1 roar of tho city, in the stillness of the. Kg ni^-lit — (;vi.iii when Portia sun(f to him B§ h' hcurd ir- amidst the sing-ing'. US Amony i Iki fair flowers of his pannlise ?ma t'i' serl'e'r n!il||-et' Its liideous head, anil HI the fruits of th'i trees that looked so fuir Bm to his eves hud turned to ashes on his Ba lips. ' Vanity of vanities — nil is vanity !' ?a Ii- turned away, still unseen by Portia, ?jf end went up to his dressing-room. B8 Alone tliet'o he groaned iu his dcss|iair. Hi His horizon, which but a littlo before HJ had been bright with the rosy Hush ot H| Iiope, was now jrjrdlod witli the rosy BJ flumes of remorse, Everv day his HJ ruimslnnent g*rew greater, 'i'lie fevorisli tigs lMippiiicss ot the first few days of his Effij* nniuiuge, the 'exoitpmrnt caused by the mm )} j'ltini in Paris and rho coming; buck to Si /&'* uow. home with his bride, was woar \St-i ' J-i! off. Mis return to t.ho fnmiliar rnutino of work brought with it a flood of -awakening1 remorse. His sin wns ever boforp him. 'i'\ ; ; ? He. changed his dress, and us he did \--o he noted the alteration in hiscounten ince which the last fbi'tnig-lit had vroiiffht. Then ho went down to dinner, mil hy-and-by the carriage he hud ordered from rho livery stables to rorivey his wife a d Sir Philip to the Delgraviuu ball drove up. The Baronet came into the drawing room with his daughter's wraps over liis arm. The frail, arisrocrutic form of riir Philip showed --to advantage; beside the heavier figure of the accountant, lie went dnvvn-stairs first ; and Robert, left, alone wirh his wife, crossed the room hurriedly, and, tiiiiirintr his arms about, her, strained her to liis breast. The action srurr.led her. He was usuilly nniloiiionsfratu to tin* last degree She glanuoil up at him, an 1 was sur prised ut the expression oi agony on his face. 'Portia' — !ih bent his head, and spoke in a whisper — 'what were you thinking of to-night while you stood here alone? You were twisting your rings round yoisr fingers, and, Portia, my love, you were weeping. I saw tho rears full i tig on yotir hands as you stood. What was it? Tell mo.' ? I was rhiukinu* of — of our home — of Rav-*tiswi»ir. Papa and I hid. been unking about 'it.' I do cry sometimes when I thiiikof it, Robert' she answered wt- nrily. He drew a deep breath of relief, as if a heavy weight had been withdrawn rom his m.ud. 4 Of iluveusweir ?' he said, dreamily, looking at her solemnly, as if a strange thought was working within him. 1 You loved your homo very much, Portia ; perhups some day ? He broke off, still with tho strange dreamy liirht.in his eye, and still holding her as if lie hail forgotten that Sir P.iilip wus waiting — forgotten everything but rhu't he held her. Hu henr/his cheek till it, rested ou her golden hair. ' Good night, my darling,' ho mur ?inired. * Mid and be happy for a few luiir-i. and forget those sad tiio ights for a time. Goo.l-byo once more.' Ho unclapse 1 his arms from about her, as if with sudden recollection. ' I — I have spoilt your flowers Portia, ? he said, with a sigh. ' Nevi*r mind.' - Sir Philip waiting in tie carnage. ; Robert put liis wife in. 4 You must i.ot tire yourself, sir,' tin ? remarked to thu Baronet4 with thought ful kindness. ' You are not strong, you know .' i They drove away. Robert Ord re- ? turned to the brilliantly-lighted dmwiug rou.u, now so empty for him, and, leaning his folded arms upon the maud- piece, ' r--.ri- I his forehead upon them in silent i thought ; and, as he stood so, heavy ; tears gathered in his eyes and fjll ? slowly one by one. i And the sword — hair-susnondo I — | .-r. II hung above his head. It might i fud tlint hour- — that moment. Irmight j nut full for a while, but full it certainly i would — if not to day, theu to-morrow. He wont about iu hourly expectation of ! the crisis. lie wrote letters, cast up i columns of figures, invested monoy, at- \ tetidi.nl Stocl-- Exchange meetings, and ] — waited. ( Ft. ciiimi at last. i H« stood one afternoon on the edge j of the pavprnonr, opposite to Char ng- i Cross station, waiting to cross over, I when a hand fell ou his shoulder. He ' turned around quite calmly, und looked full in the blue eyes of Gerald Fairfax. J He was a littlo paler, a trifle thinner perhaps, but otherwise unchanged. The i bright debonair beauty, tho winning i sweetness of manner that had won so - many friends for the young soldier, were i in no way lessened by his recent illness. i 13.ili«ki-t- Ott.1 t'tli.ml lilin I-ln linl.l mil* his hand mechanically to the other's clasp. 1c was the last time the two men ever clasped bunds. * Rob, old fellow, how are you ? I'm hack again, you soe. Why didn't you i answer my letter. Why, what was the ! matter with you, Bob 7 .You look like i the ghost of j-oiirself 1' ' I There was no answer. With in Teas ' ing wonder Gerald looked at the blanched countenance of his friend. ' Why don't you speak, man ? Aron't you gh'd to sen mo? Bob, how is my darling? Good Heaven, is there any thing wrong with her thai jmi look ut iijo'sn ( Where is she ? For pity's .s:ii» ?'. tell me quickly !' ; Tiio words, eager and impulsion nt first, anxious and pleading at last, fell in a to.-rent from tiie young man's lipt ( It was tho Gerald of old days, un changed. 'I — she is well. Gerald— I— liar ! — on apointment— important busines .—I shall see— you again — -I '' ' The words, scarcely intelligibb. fell brokenly from his lips. An in aunt later Gerald Fairfax stood alone on tho kerh-stone. .-.-.?. . - .; : ' Is ho mud, I wonder?' he salilj quised. ' Itnther an odd way to treat un old friend iiIVpp nbsence ! ; I must go to Til'otson to find out Portia's ad dress.' Ho hailed a cub uud drove to Gay's Inn, ruminuritig still on Robert 0v.IV strange inauuer. The lawyer was not there however— ho hud gone out of town for the day — and Ins clerk' wiild give Sir Gerald Fairfax no informiuinn whatever respecting Sir Philip Setton and his daughter's whereabouts. Gerald went out ni.seoiisolote. 4 1 wil. go to Ord's office,' he montuily decided, ailer a t'ow minutes' considera tion. ' Perhaps by this time he has re turned to his senses. At uuy ratn. 1 must and 1 will liuve Porf;a's mldrpss ; and, if hn gave lier my uip.ss.i^h, he must of course ?? now it.' '?; '' ? He hailed auotliRr cub and drove to Bartholomew Cl se. . He found only younsr Grant in the office. ' Is Mr. Ord likely to return soon?' h-- asknd. 4 Not yet, sir — he had business that took him to the otlmr end of the .city this afternoon. Ho will most like v look in here before he g-oes home. Any message, sir ?' 'Homo? Does henot live hero V asked Sir Gerald, in bewilderment. 4 Oh, no, sir ! Mr. Ord has lived at Richmond since his marriage.' What vague suspicion, what haunting tear wns it that stole into Gerald's mind just then? John Grant looking curi ously at the handsome face of the strnnirer saw the sunny light die out of his eyes. 4 At Richmond, did you say ?' Grant, nave his questioner a caril on which was priuti'il Mr. Ord's private address, and the soldier wished htm good evening and went out ot tho office. 4 1 am a fool, I suppose,' thought Gerald, trying to shake off his vasrue feeling of uneasiness as he stood for a moment outside the I'los1. 4I wonder what I am going to Richmond for. Probably to laugh at myself wIiru I get there. Robart married ! The last man on enrth 1 should have expected to turn Benedict !' Ho walked on slowly, still musing with strange permKtence over Robert's mnnner. ' Why did ho never answor my letter? Why did ho never fellmeofhis mariinge? Why did ho look like a man smifti'U with his death-blow just now wheu he first looked into my face ?' * * * * Robert Ord stood at the water's edge in the May twilight, and gazed with dreamy eye-- into its depths ; nnd, as he so gazed, strange thoughts came into his mind — thoughts ho did not seek to drivo away. His life had been a mis take — why not end it thero and then ? Me thought long of his unhnppy, ne.ginctcd childhood, of the days when he hii.l used to walk bare-footed, and hungry through the streets of the city. He thought of the father Im had never seen, of his mothe1-, whoso face was only a misty riMiieinberauce. Ho thought of his school-days, when he had found a tVittii'l in Gerald Fairfax, when they two had bren closer knit than brothers. Hu thoiiu'ht of later days, when Gerald went to India, and ho was offered the choice of a career of luxury and charlatanism, or ono of toil and struggling- with the world ; ho thought of the long, long years of drudgery fter that choice was made — years so closely resembling one another so unbroken by any event, that he had scacely marked their flight. He thought of his visits to the Grants, of a trip he hud once taken with Polly and tho children to tho Surrey Gardens on a. Saturday afternoon, when they had tea in a dusy arbour, and were very merry ind happy. How far away that ol 1 time seemed ! Surely this haggard man who stood ou the river's brink was not the same who went with Polly ou that afternoon ? Life was a different thing — ah, bow different ! It had not then been revealed to him as it was now, a thing* wonderful, inscrutable, awful, full of bliss unutter able, of rtild desire, of deadly temptation. Or perhaps it was ho who was changed. Who could tell ? Silently, swiftly, darkly the rivor [lowed on at his fret. Then he thought of Portia — of the Bvntrinir he had seen her firs-, with the red flower in her bund and i lie sunliuht 3n her yellow hair. He thought of a few weeks since, during which tho chief events of his life had drawn to a climax —of how he had loved her, sinned through his love, suffered for the (sin, and now stooil there by th' river — tor wiiat f He did uur know. He ha I not asked himnelf that yet. What di 1 it matter whore ho wu- ? ' Srill the river flowed on atfeet. How deep ir looked with the shades of night tratluiring ou its bosom ! Wo dd it not be a good thing to lie there at pence, away from tiio anguish of rdinorse that was eating his soul away? 'There was no one to care whi'ther he lived or died — no one. He wns alone in the world — ay, as much alone as when ho hud stood, a 1 i r tin buri'-foote I hid, asking of charity a coin to buy a meal. True, he had u'wifo — but. a wife docs not always moan a woiiuiu who loves one; and he ha I u friend — but hu had betrayed Ins friend, us ho had wrong'cd Ilia wife. What, thuivfore but scorn would either give him ? . And by one little step ho could escape it all— tlm scorn, the just, resentment, the shame, the misory. Lilit wus s ? sad, the suonor it was ov.ir ? the sooner to sleep.' Then, too, his death would sot Por.ia free, and atom in some measure for the wrong he hitd done her.: : '-?', Once more ho looked down at the river. Was it nnr face thut ho saw looking up at him from tho shadowy depths ? Were those her eyos — was that the glitter of her goldou hair ? Ah, no! It was not hers, that iaco «rown old in sorrow. It was ouo he' saw in iiis dreams sometimes. The . eyes were Idnder than Portia's, the hair was not golden but gray. With a shurp and passionate cry Iip flung himself down on to the earth. Ab-ivo tho tempest of emotions in his soul arose the remembrance of the self accusing cry of a king who, like him, had yielded to temptation., ' I have sinned.' The words iiurst paiitmgly from his lips tiiid following close'iinoa them came a heart-broken pra er: tor mercy and forgiveness. Yes, he hud sinned deeply j but Heaven was pitiful, aud,. though the chnstiseiumit was bitter, there was pardon even for such as he. He would not die, nor seek by a coward's act to usenp' the just retribution of his sin. 4 Mine tiio »iu — mine tho atonement,' he .said in his pain. - Then he prayed as ho had never prayed beforp — no keeling, but lying face dowmvards, wi h his arms stretched above bis head ; and when the long and voiceless prayer wns over he' rose from the earth, he stood erect, and lifted bis white fuco to the stars just appearing in the opal sky. The desp ir, the fear, the bitterness hadiidlen from him, and in their place a sweet and holy calm reigned in his soul. [To bo continued.j 