Old Country Notes. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] LONDON, September 23. THE harvest is past, and the summer ended. The result on the whole is satisfactory, The winter was phenomenally mild. Spring was more forward than it had been known for twenty yean ; the early summer was fine, but after July cold and rain raised serious appre hensions. Harvesting began early, wheat being cut as early as the middle of July, but that was in the southern and midland counties, where the land is favourable to early crops. The quality of the wheat is inferior, but barley and oats good. The farmers, reduced to their last resort in many instances, hoped and hoped that the harvest of 1882 would be bountiful, so as to recuperate them for previous losses, but this it has not been, and they are thankful that it has been just a trifle the other Bide of failure. Two months was—off and on—employed by me in trying to discover what was done with the frozen meat brought from Australia. In most quarters I found that the existence of such a supply had gone clean out of mind, and the butchers pretended not to know whether the importation had or had not ceased. But one day a friend boasted of the splendid cut of Australian mutton he had enjoyed at his own table, and from him I learned what I wanted to know. The butchers' ring against the meat, it seems, still holds together, and if the matter had been left entirely to them the trade might have fared ill. But the pork butchers have taken the thing in hand, and are glad of the opportunity of retailing the meat which the fat beef men pretend to despise. These pork butchers sell Australian mutton as sucn at 9d. per lb., and make a good profit from it. Three of whom I have made inquiries inform me that the meat is very popular, that the quality and the price are satisfactory, and that they are building up an established branch of business, especially out of Australian mutton. We have to give a shil ling per pound for ordinary English mutton, and in these days the difference between that coin and ninepence is considerable. Does Queensland intend to send anything to the International Fisheries Exhibition in London next year? New South Wales seems to bo taking a great interest in the scheme. It will be a really great show, and the public attention that would be drawn to the colony by an exhibit, however small, would be worth the trouble. Might I suggest, if it is not too late, that Queensland might occupy a -small space with a good speci men of a stuffed dugong, with samples of net, harpoon, oil, bacou, &c;, and with two or three specimens of the .Burnett salmon, so called. Mr. Sheridan, of Maryborough, gave a friend of mine a good specimen some two years ago, and I had arranged with ProfvHsor Owen to send it to the British Museum, where he said it would bo welcomed, aud where it was wanted, lint the unhappy .silurian was found to he lost or stolen when tlie baggage got out of the Cv torn House. I hope we shall not have the chagrin of seeing some other colony exhibiting Queensland dugong and pearl sheila, with models of apparatus, as its own. The last three matches played by the Aus tralians have put into the background the trifling unpleasantnesses to which I have once or twice called attention. The steady display of really fine cricket by which the Australians picked the game at Kennington Oval out of the tire, evoked universal admiration through out the country, and there was no grudging them the credit of a really remarkable victory. Your cricketing readers will be interested in knowing that there will be published on 2nd October a shilling book entitled " The Austra lians in England;" It will consist to a great extent of reprinted articles from Bell's fv«t giving a complete narrativo of the tea. ms doings while in this country, with tho batting and bowling averages of the Australians and Englishmen. The records of the campaign have been brilliantly written in BeWg Life by Mr. C. F. Pardon, son of Captain Crawley, the well-known authority on billiards. I saw tho proofs of the proface the other day and its key note is struck in the very first sontonce: "On 16th March the most Powerful team of colonial cricketers that ever left the shores of Australia sailed from Mel bourne in the Peninsular and Oriental steamer Assam." A curious bet is narrated, I observe. A paßsenger on board the steamer offered to bet Bonnor a good sum of money that on the day he landed he could not without a prelimi nary trial throw a cricket ball 115 yards. Bonnor won the bet, hurling the ball 119 yards o inches. The St. Leger was a genuine turf surprise, and a lucky thing for Archer, the jockey, whose position as the " boss " of the turf in his own particular walk of life was getting shaky. Some attempt has since been made to insinuate that the race should be made a subject of inquiry by the jockey club. No doubt if tho owner of Dutch Oven had been other than Lord Falmouth, the trainer other than Dawson, and tho jockey other than Archer, who is supposed to be very "square" even if ho docs bet heavily, we should have heard a grand outcry, and charges of swindling. A sporting Peer, Lord James Douglas, has just published a nice little story named "Royal Angus," in which he describes a very similar surprise, and the manner in which it was brought about. When an unexpected event of this kind occurs busy brains revolve to discover reasons and counter-reasons. They build up astonishing theories, and reduce the whole matter, ho far as they can, to a rule of thumb. But the mystery is not to be accounted for. Dutch Oven's victory did not astonish Lord Falraouth, but it did his trainer and all the stable people who know her powers. Nor was it due to superior riding. The thing happened because it did happen. That is all. Mr. Booth, tho manager of the Salvation Army, I am afraid, is very loose of speech. The statements in the War Cry, of course, no one does believe. Tho authors probably never expect them to bo taken other than as parables. It Was ray fate yesterday to be shut up with the Salvation Army at the Grecian theatre from noon till nearly 10 at night, the occasion being the dedication of the old Pop-goes-the-Weazel temple to tho use of the Army. The following examples-of Mr. Booth's looseness of speech came under my observation during the day:— 1\. There was outside a crowd of not more than 2000 persons, most of them respectable but idle working men; but there were also fellows of tho larrikin type, who threw mud at the Army men who flaunted medals and uniforms. Mr. Booth was assured by the police inspector that the number was not more than 2000. But he made great capital by an nouncing to the meeting within that the brethren and sisters had been brutally assaulted by a raging mob of 20,000 ruffians. 2. He re ferred to one female Salvationist who had been the means of bringing " hundreds of thousands of souls to salvation" 3. At the evening meet ing he stated that the Assembly HaU was crowded with persons unable to find admittance at the theatre. I went across to the Assembly HaU at once and found it quite half empty. It is to be regretted that the leader of a band that is to regenerate the world is not more guarded in his speech. The Salvation Army no doubt marches on, gets money, and lays it out in large buildings, and it is quite remarkable to notice how its extrava gances have toned down. Mr. Booth, wise in his generation, has perceived that to announce that " the Holy Ghost will descend at 9.15" shocks people who would otherwise be friendly to the movement. The meetings Yesterday, except the ghastly patter song on religious subjects of a youth, the outrage ous comedy of a converted acrobat, and the discordant squalling of two girls, who bashed up a thing called a duet, were simply old fashioned revival meetings, to which no one could object. The army is evidently adopting a now policy and weeding out of their publica tions and services the irreverence and blas phemy which has kept so many good men and women from helping them. Tho Autumn Congresses are in progress, peacefully, and in point of fact prosaically. The British Association met at Southampton, with Dr. Siemens, the electrician, in the chair. There was no sensation by which to remember 1882\. The nearest approach to one was the appearance of O'Donovan, the former captive of Merv. Taat gentleman's book has long been overdue, and the fault is not that of the publisher. Every month's delay discounts the value of it. Can it be that in the firmament of science there are no more worlds to conquer? In former times there was always some new dis covery or theory made public at these British As sociation gatherings; but hut year and this year the business jogged on at a remarkably dead level. The Social Science Congress is always rather grand—motherly in character, and of this also, being held in the town of Notting ham at the present moment, it cannot be said that it has done much in the light-striking busi ness. The Trades Unions Congress is in sitting this week at Manchester, and they had their first row yesterday. They always have rows, though it is seldom they rise to such a height ■as last year when, it may be remem bered, a gentle batch of Fair Traders were forcibly ejected. Working men's organisa tions are admirable necessities, but there is no denying that they seldom appear to the best Advantage in public. This of course is very natural, and we have no ri<jht to judge them by the same standard that we should apply to bodies of educated men well trained in all the complications of public meetings. Of the miners' conference held last week we shall probably hear more next month. Their request for a Minister of Mines will not be granted yet awhile, if ever. Agriculture has a prior claim, yot the combined forces of Conservatives and Liberals have not been able to wring an Agri cultural Minister out of any Government. But the miners in conference assembled have re solved that, if certain conditions arc not granted by Ist October, there shall be a general strike. Hopes are entertained that this calamity will be averted, but the present situation is one of undoubted gravity. Are you aware that there is a very flourishing Chinese Club in London ? It is so, and John Chinaman is in his usual quiet way insinuating the thin edge of his wedge into our community. Last year the first of a lino of Chinese trading vessels entered the port of London, and it brought as passengers two of the ownors, wealthy men, who have settled in the city, and who rule the affairs of their house. A direct trade has thus sprung up. The influence already acquired by the Chinamen was shown conclusively by a deputation which waited upon Sir John Pope Hcnnossy two months ago to thank him for the manner in which ho has administered the Government of Hongkong. This year, then, we have had a Chinese merchant responding to a toast at the Cobden Club dinner, and a Chinese deputation ex pressing its sentiments to a Colonial Governor; and there has been much definite talkof im porting cheap Chinese labour in "bulk"into England. Here, as might be expected, the issue is at once raised. Tho British workman is true to the instinct which he bears in his breast wherever he goes, that if he will not work cheaply himself, he will not allow anyone else to do so. Some of the sentimentalist working men are now beginning to find out what California and Queensland have had to contend with. The Democratic Federation, which does not count for much as a power, but which is supposed to hold fierce views as to the rights of a man and a brother, the night before last, met and put their foot firmly down upon the neck of the argument. They passea a resolution affirming that the limits of rights of aliens settling in strange countries was reached when vast numbers of people like the Chinese were imported under contracts which made them veritable Blaves. There was no divided opinion upon this—that John Chinaman must, English labour market. I ought perhaps to have stated in tho earlier part of this para graph that the Chinese merchants in London have passed a resolution, which has been for warded to the Government, protesting against the manner in which the Chinese are treated by the governments of " Queensland and other colonies." There is nothing in M. Gounod's new ora torio "Redemption*' likely to makeyour Musical Union rush into reckless expense in order to secure the right of performing it at Brisbane. It has no element either that will secure for it great or lasting popularity in this country. The musical critics at the Birmingham festival wrote learnedly of its merits, but the criticisms were like the oratorio itself—not easily under standed of the people. The absence of good solos and duets is a fatal blot upon either oratorio or opera, and " Redemption " lacks these almost entirely. Benedict's new work, "Graxiella," is good, but not strikingly so. A sacred cantata, "The Holy City," by Gaul, is simple and unpretending, not perhaps to bo mentioned in the category of the other pieces introduced at Birmingham for the first time, but I prophesy for it great and growing popu larity. The words and the music lead the listener on by ascending steps from a world of care, through the land of Beulah to the Celestial City, and all the work is well done. The Birmingham festival was a great pecuniary success, but the same cannot be said of the other provincial musical festivals. When the correspondents return from Egyyt there will be an effort made to arrive at some understanding as to the future relations of the Press and the Army. It is said that the censorship has been exercised most tyranically in Egypt, and that under no circumstances were Press telegrams allowed to be sent off until Sir Garnet had sent through his own eloquent despatches. The Commander-in- Chiefs telegram to the Queen, eulogising the Duke of Connaught for doing the commonest military duty, and the Queen's reply telegram, have given great offence amongst the ex perienced officers of all grades, and the dislike entertained by so many against Sir Garnet Wolseley will not bediminished by his success and by the flowery telegrams fe sent day by day. But Sir Garnet has done the trick, and although when the fever has abated and we are allowed to see things as they are, we may not brag quite so loudly of our exploits against the runaway, cowardly Egyptians, we shall not grumble at the glorification of the war and its commanders. On Sunday there is to be a form of prayer read in the churches referring to the Egyptians as our "enemies." Happify, the petition is addressed to One who knows the facts. The general impression down below is that we were fighting in somebody else's quarrel, and that the wretched Egyptian troops, if our enemies at all, were only so very much at second-hand. Following upon the restoration (under con ditions) of Cetywayo there have appeared in the Times two remarkable letters from the Maharajah Duleep Singh. This Indian prince has a grievance against us which he has fomented to boiling heat, and it turns out that the handsome Hindoo who was supposed to have settled down contentedly to his country life in Norfolk, regards the English Govern ment as despoilers of his heritage. The letters in question should be read by everybody, as throwing light upon the way in which we square matters with the native rulers whom we subju gate. The Maharajah, however, has signified his intention of contesting Whitby in the Conserva tive interest. He is bitter against the Glad stone Government, who will not recognise his claims, but has hope that the Conservatives when they come into power will grant him a hearing. It is what slangmongers are wont to call an even toss-up" whether Mrs. Langtry swims or sinks on her tour through the States. There seems to be an inclination on the part of many Americans to judge her simply as an actress, altogether disallowing her claims as a beauty. The admiration of the Prince of Wales of an American lady at Wiesbaden has been written about and sketched, and Americans, fired by ambition, are insisting that beautiful women in the States are so common that Mrs. Langtry will not have a show. To judge her by her histrionic ability only will be fatal to the speculation, for Mrs. Langtry is so incapable of pathos or passion that she will never make an actress worthy to be compared with at least half-a-dozen Ameri can favourites. She is very painstaking, and has been drilled thoroughly by Mrs. Labou chcre, who accompanies her on tour as coach. This wcok she has appeared in the " Unequal Match. Her representation of the poor girl elevated to high social position was simply automatic. As the fine lady, now simpering and now coquetting, she was at home. It was m fact a respectable amateur performance. For obvious reasons there will be a rush to morrow night to see her Rosalind, for which she has been assiduously drilling for three months. It is a part fairly within her powers, aS j v CParacter» a? the play-goer knows, affords her opportunities which harmonise with her role. The company includes a really clever actress—Miss Kate Pattison—who will be allowed more scope than she is permitted at the Imperial Theatre, and may divide honours with the star. 