HOW WE SPENT THE NIGKHT-' WITH] THE PROFESSOR, THB SURyEYOR, AND THE PARSON CROSSING THE DESERT. fTK- fK-r np Tupvr 1 A^night journey by coach over a jough.bnsh. road is both ivsansome and painful. Yoa cannot Bleep, for the jolting would waken np one nf tlio Spv«i SlccTiera. You cannot reaa for there 13 not enough lignt. Yoa find ou hov? many bones yon have to be bruised, and set yourself to bear with grrcn patience what you cannot escape from, and pRss-tlie time ia. anticipation of the welcome halts when. horses are changed and refreshments pro cured. Cut all is different if yon have con- panions in the coach who can talk well and dispute without ill-temper. We had snch. companions this week when coming to^ Adelaide. We «ere all strangers who had. been brought together by different lines o£ coach and rail. The labek on the Professor's. boxes, placed amongst our feet,, were eo large that wo did not need any other information, for we had real of him in Press notices and advertisements, both in New Zealand and Victoria. _ Wealss qot hold of a newspaper with a notice of ona of his earliest appearances here in South Australia. We made out another of our companions to '-:e a surveyor, but the parson was not so easily detected. He listened to the talk of the' rest, and said nothing for a while. The surveyor evidently was very sceptical. as to the reality and value of phrenilo -y, or classed it aa a pseudo-science. TheProfessor set to work to expound, and soon math-_con- vcrts of all of us. Evidently he was a'.very different Professor to those so cilled, who open a small shop and read heads at mlfa crown— men without professional education, or anatomical knowledge. He said that the London Phrenological Institute required its members or Fellows to be holders of a surgical diploma, and we at once inferred that he was so qualified, afterwards he told us- that he was, and practised as consulting and operating surgeon wherever he went, Ia Melbourne he had removed a dry tumour from the head of ono who came np to test his powers as phrenologist. Performing the whole of the operation there and thea before the audience he described his method of working on theylatform during hia lectures. Men from the audience were gathered upoa the platform and named. He delineated their characters from their faces and physical appearance. Thi3 description was written down under the given names, and the men retired whilst the Professor was blindfolded. Then they returned, and the Professor ex amined their bumps, standing with his back towards them, and his hana.3 stretched out behind him. He said that the character which he read from feeling them thus always tallied with the one already written on the charts, and he could name each one correctly by tho coincidence. This proof of his poiver and knowledge is a most remarkable one, and goes far to prove the correctness of phrenology. He told us that, unlika other lecturers on phrenology, he said nothing in public about men's bad qualities or weak nesses. Such information was reserved for private consultations, and his stories of these almost looked like superhuman demonstra tions of insight. For instance, a swell enters— ' Ah-h, yona the Professor?' ' Yes, at your service. 'I- ah do not-ah believe that youra is a science, but I would like to teat it.' The Professor looked at him and said, ' If I am to do voa any good you must answer me truthfully, then I may help you and advise you.' The swell looked rather disturbed, but promised. 'When were you in tjaol last !' Tne patient did not like mental probinj, and stormed and protested against such an 'insult, but finally listened to his adviser's arguments, and con fessed that he had left giol after serving six months for stealing just before he emigrated from England. The great value of insieht like thi3 is seen, when children and youths are examined. Warning as to evil tendencies may then be available for practical training. Exact ad vice as to professional education can be given which may Eave from lifelong disap pointments, and aid in the development of powers of the greatest service to the indi vidual and the community. In the Phreno logical Institute at San Francisco children are trained according to their qualities and capacities, and placed in the places where they can best work and serve their fellow men. Much of human arrangement in all profes sions and trades defies the principle of thft Eelcction of the fittest, and is as though we. harnessed the thoroughbred to a bullock dray and brought a Clydesdale onto the raoe couree. If the Prolessor succeeds in awaken ing attention to the subject, and promoting here institutions similar to thoie in Europee and America, a future generation will re member his work with gratitude. He said he had the largest collection of skulls, some 2,000 in all, and intended to make a large exhibition from them in Ade laide. He illustrated much that he said by show ing us the skull of a murderer, and as the night was closing in with weird shadows and. ghost-like trees around ub, we wejre glad to- change the subject for a while. ' It is a dreary country that we are passing through ?' 'True, it is ; bnt there must be a lot of fertility in the soil to snpport so much vege tation, said the surveyor. 'The vegetation is worthless.' ^'Well, it may not always be.' Look at those grass-trees ; they are rich in juice lik& that of the sugarcane. A man in Sandhurst has a patent for making sugar and molasses from them.' ' Indeed !' ' Yes ; and those dwarf honeysuckle are wonderfully rich in a pure, though thin, honey. I have seen a black lubra shaking it from the tops of the yellow cones in large drops, mid in the course of a day gathering a great lot -two quart ' billys' full. ' Well done, you have changed the sub ject. But now for a more interesting one — what shall we get for supper f For yonder are the lights of the hotel. Try and guess.' - ' Chops, but no steak.' 'Mutton rissoles.' 'Eggs and bacon.' 'Corned beef.' ' Tinned fish.' Tlie list was agreed to by all, and, behold, we had nothing of the sort, but the mo3t unusual dishes ever seen in the bush — fres'i fried fish that had been caught that afte ?- noon and roast ducks. All confessed that these were the very last ono would expe:t afr a bush hotel. After supper on the road again recitations became the order of the night. The su - veyor gave ' There was a sound of revelry by night' and ' To be, or not to be, that is the question,11 and the parson 'The Heathen. Chinee' and the tale of Mr. William from the Bab Ballade, and then returned to our talk. The Professor had known London when he was a student of surgery there. King's College Hospital brought us to Fleet street and its crowd of spots, haunted by memories of ths prear English literati — Of Marlowe, Beaumont, Fletcher, Ben, (Whose free hearts Bowed our furrows, when The world was worthy of such men.. Over the 'mighty heart' of London our memories wandered. From the Old Tabard! Inn to glorious Minster in the west, the dead, 'silent, low, and pale,' and the sad lives to look batk upon, the awful endings of the erratic courses of genius, by the bowl or the knife, brought up the question of suicide and phrenology. 'Is a man sane who commits suieioe?' ..'He may be quite sane, but the shocking. case3 of the suicide of men of fjenius 'and scientific research, like Admiral Fitzroy and Hugh Miller, shows that the brain is taxed up to a point where it must give way.' 'They are men of great concentrative brain power, else no such thing as a snicide trould be possible.' ' Whenever \re turn to science we find firm ground to stand upon— fact, truth.' 'Ah,' said the surveyor, 'so many now are contented with falsehoods, old dogmas.' 'That i3 what drives us away from the churches, because instead of giving us facts, a scientific basis for faith, tfiey give dogmatic assertion. If you do not believe this or that you will be lost.' 'There has always been antagonism be tween science and religion.' The Professor and Burvevor had got on a course now where they cculd run, as it werer in double harness. Their ideas coincided. The ipareon, however, broke in with a sweep-. ing assertion.' ' Parsons have done moro for the cause of science in every department than any other body of the professional men not npecially devoted to scientific pursuit.' ' That,' said the surveyor, ' is an assertioa tbat only has value, a3 you are able to say what the parsons have done for science.' 'Baron Mueller, of Melbourne, has a lecture on the subject whenever he gives a brief notice of every clfrgyrran who ha* rendered special service to science. It ia a very remarkable catalogue.' ' Ah,' paid the ProfeMor, ' that is true, but at the Esme time such a large number are so ignorant that what we said is also trae.' 'That is causing Christianity to lose its hold upon the people, eo that nineteen oat of twenty n:en have no faith in it at all ' The parson combatted this assertion, bnt the surveyor would cot ?withdraw it. ' H? said the men who paid the pew-rents aul , were on the I'cards of Management did uot believe it.' 'They have no sympathy with th'* teaching ; Uiey do uot believe that -Jod w!i- made mea 13 jralons, exacting, vindictive, and ciuel. ns Christianity teachc-s.' 'You ]:r.ovr no more of Cnristiiiiity than you do atout tLe far aide of tbe moon,' } let ted cut the i-arson with excessive rade ' ~i'tts~~~ ? — -? — i .^ ' QEfEw&riM; thiS^a.Tiicterstyle of dh r^usuGn.*— — ? -i—t^.. ? __ ? :*'^f eD^ '^qa; . entirely jnurepn&iit;* the 'Pester Tfrhni von as«ert_tHatrifc: reveals a virufictive.GwK'*:: ? j ' ! -, 'Weil,'- said Mr. Surveyor. 'Tell ui ' wliat Chrretianity does teach. Sirapose we ... know nothing about it, and wanted to. km v ,? in' ju*t a sentence what it teaches' ?t '(?? '? Wtll, I would say this,' said tLe \\-arsoa slowly.-.: '16 teaches about Gihl, reveals ;Hhn~iriake8 Him known ; that He made you, ' cares for yon, loves yon, and desires to have yon knowing Him, made like Him, and with Him — that is, living ia union and hannjny with Hiroaelf.' As lie loused lie reiterated, 'That is the Gospel.' ' I never heard the teaching of Christianity pnt in that way before.' 'That is beautiful, and what we believe, bnt it is different to the teaching of Clir.'s tianity.' . _ Said the parson—' To make known God is the purpose of Christianity, as Jesus Christ says :— ' This is life denial to know Thee, the only trne God by Jesus Christ whom thou hastfent.'' ' Where is the difference then?'_ ' I know no difference if a man is wanting to know the trnth. His very doubt ia faith. He wants to know truth, not a creed or a dogma, bnt the eternal reality. There lives more faith in honest doubt, believe me, than in half the cresds.' 