TENDERS are to be called for 20,000 tons of Bteel rails. A FINE nugget weighing 153oz. was unearthed the other day at Temora, N.S. W. AT Young, in New South Wales, on March 13, the thermometer registered llOdeg. in the shade. DETHCTIVE HARTNEY, a well-known and useful member of the detective force, died suddenly on March 9. MB. GEORGE TCLLY, J.P., French consul at Newcastle, died on March 8, after a long illness, aged 73 years. PROFESSOR M'COY, has been elected to the vacant seat in the council of the University. SIR JOHN ROBERTSON has promised to grant a reserve of 700 acres at Maloga for the use of the aborigines. DR. IIAAICE, of Christchurch Museum, has been appointed acting curator of the Adelaide Museum. RAILWAY communication has been completed between Adelaide and Beltana. A TIGER-SNAKE of over 3ft. in length was killed on March 12 in the Fitzroy-gardens. A SOCIAL gathering of the letter-sorters of the Melbourne General Post-office took place at Gunsler's Cafe on March 11. ONE of the Government inspectors of vineyards reports that the rumour of phylloxera having appeared in the vines in the Hamilton district was unfounded. MR. 11. D. Ross, the Speaker of the South Australian Legislative Assembly, has been re-elected president of the Royal Agricultural Society of South Australia. THE late Sir Joshua Bell's Grange property and his stud were sold at Brisbane on March 7 for £10,000, the purchaser being Mr. W. H. Kent, on behalf of a company. A SAILING-BOAT capBized in the Sydney Harbour, near Garden Island, on March 7, and two of its occupants, who were Italians, were drowned. DURING the recent floods at Clermont, North Queensland, man named Lindsay was drowned while trying to cross a creek. A MAN named Michael Callaghan has been arrested at Burdekinbridge, Queensland, for the murder of John Hughes, whom he knocked into a flooded railway cutting during a quarrel. THE remains of a man named Turner have been found in the buBh near Branxton. New South Wales. It is believed that the man muBt have died from thirst and fatigue. IN several parts of Victoria, South Australia, and New South Wales the extreme drought has necessitated resort to stills as means of providing fresh water from salt or brackish w&ter.; THE well-known dam Sour Grapes, the property of Mr. De Mestre, died in the Terrara paddock, New South Wales, on March 2, the cause of death being a bite on the nose from a snake. A NEW town-hall is about to be erected in Fremantle, Western Australia, at a cost of £10,000, from the designs of MesBrs. Grainger and D'Ebro, architects, of Melbourne. A MAN named John Newman has been committed for trial at Brisbane on a charge of having sent a threatening letter to Sir A. H. Palmer. MR. W. M. COOK, M.L.A., has been requested by the Government to fill the the vacancy in the Tariff Commission caused by the death of Mr. li. de Bruce Johnstone. A VERDICT waB given in the Supreme Court the other day of £500 damages against the Union Bank for dishonouring the cheque of Mr. John Dyson. THE S.S. Lindus, a new vessel, built in England for Messrs. Huddart and Parker, grounded on entering Port Phillip Heads, but was safely iloated off next tide. AN earthquake was experienced at Port Darwin on March 8. For au instant the shock was very distinct, but no damage was done. A LITTE CHILD, 20 months old, Btrayed away into the bush at Strathalbyn, South Australia, and was found dead five miles from home. MR. J. B. DIXON, manager of the Bank of Australasia, Brisbane, died at Hobart on March 6 from cancer in the liver. The deceased had been connected with the bank for 30 years. IN another inquest, that on the body of Jane Irving, the jury attributed the death of the deceased to blood poisoning, contracted in the Melbourne Hospital, owing to the insanitary condition of that institution. WILLIAM MITCHELL, manager of the Old Welshman's Reef MiningCompauy, has been sentenced to six monthB* imprisonment for forging the names of several persons to the Bhare list with intent to deceive. ON the last voyage of the Orient steamer John Elder to Melbourne a call waa made en route at the island of Diego Garcia, in the Indian Ocean, an island which will probably be utilised as a coaling station for ocean steamers. A MAN named John Richard JobnBon was drowned in the River Yarra on March 4, by being carried by a "backwaBh" from a passing steamer from a stage on which he was at work painting the steamer Tamar. MR. JOHN REILLY, for a long time city surveyor to the corporation of Melbourne, and afterwards building surveyor, died on March 3. The deceased gentleman had been a resident of Victoria since 1851. THREE MEN were almost suffocated on March 8 by foul air while working in the cylinder of the new bridge at Iron Cove, Sydney. They were taken to the hospital, and one of them has since died. A MINER, named Thomas Walker, was killed in No. 1 shaft of the United Black Horse Company, Mount Egerton, on March 8, by being caught between the cage and the side of the shaft when ascending. THE Zoological and Acclimatisation Society of Victoria has received letters from the assistant director at Calcutta, stating that he had secured a number of interesting and valuable animals (including an elephant) and birds. MESSRS. NIMMO, M.L.A., C. Hodgkinson, and Captain Perry, who represent the Government on the Harbour Trust, have been reappointed for three years, their respective terms of office having almost expired. NEWS from Noumea states that a man named Odey, the keeper of a wine shop at Noumea, deliberately shot his wife with a revolver in a fit of jealousy, and then blew out his own brains. The parties had only recently arrived from France. NEW pearling grounds, supposed to be from 15 to 20 miles long, have been discovered off Beagle Bay, on the north coast of West Australia. There has been a general stampede of all boats on the coast to the spot, and the take- off of shells is expected to be unprecedented. A LABOURER named William Buckley, during a quarrel with his wife in Abercrombie-street, Sydney, on March 10, Btruck her on the head with his fist, causing her death. Buckley, who was under the influence of drink at the time, was arreated. T E Government of India have by telegram requested the Chief Secretary to notify that they will be prepared in 1882-3 to purchase 100 horBes at Madras, for army purposes, and 75 at Calcutta for similar use. THE Adelaide Old English Fair was opened in the Exhibition grounds and building on March 11. The weather was insufferably hot, but Btill there was a fair attendance, about 1,600 persons visiting the ground during the afternoon and evening. HIS HONOUR SIR WILLIAM STAWELL has resigned his office of Chief Judge of the Court of Mines, which he assumed on the occasion of the temporary retirement of his Honour Mr. Justice Molesworth, who will return to the position. A PRIVATE company recently formed at Adelaide, and representing £25,000 in shares, has recently bought 44,000 acres at Burton Downs, in the Northern Territory, suitable for sugar cultivation and cattle breeding, and 40,000 acres at Byuol Harbour. AT the Sydney Central Police Court the other day Joseph Pollard, a barber, was fined 5a., or two hours in the stocks, for working at his ordinary calling on the Lord's Day. Another man waB fined in the same amount for keeping his premises open for the purpose of trading. A YOUNG man named James Carroll, a miner at Malmsbury, committed suicide on March 7 by hanging himself with a strap to a doorway leading from the front to the back part of his house. The cause of his committing suicide is believed to have been disappointment in love. THE schooner Pet, from Bunbury to Adelaide, was struck on March 4 by a sperm whale, about 50 miles south of Cape Leuwin, and foundered in a few minutes, with all on board, except Captain Littlejohn, who reached Hamlin Harbour safely on the following evening. A FATAL mining accident occurred at the Homeward Bound Reef, Grenfell, New South WaleB,on March 10. Edward Brewer, a miner, was completely smothered by a quantity of mullock which suddenly gave way. An hour elapsed before he could be extricated, and life was then found to be extinct. A SOMEWHAT extensive fire broke out on the premises of Messrs. Gustave Brunet and Sons, produce merchants, Flinders-street west, on March 13, and destroyed stock to the value of £500 or £600. The neighbouring premises Buffered to some extent from the fire. AN accident occurred on March 11 to Mr. J. Clarke, J.P., of Emu-hill station, near Linton. Whilst out turkey shooting with his nephew his gun buret, and blew his hand completely off by the wrist. Mr. Clarke was in a very low state from the loss of his hand and shock to bis system. COLONEL HUTTON is preparing a report to the Government on the subject of the formation of the permanent artillery corps. It is intended by the Government that it shall consist of 120 efficients, with a reserve of 180, and they will be specially drilled for duty at the batteries. MR. J. B. DAVIES has resigned his position as manager of the Australian Deposit and Mortgage Bank (Limited), Melbourne, with a view of entering upon other business engagements. Mr. Davies originated the bank in 1874, and has held the appointment of manager ever since. MR. GEORGE S. DAVIES, who haB been an officer of the London Chartered Bank for the last 17 years, and has occupied various posts of importance and responsibility, has been appointed manager of the Australian Deposit and Mortgage Bank. Mr. Davies is a brother of the retiring manager. IN the case of Mrs. Bailliere against the Board of Land and Works for damages for the death of her husband in the Joiimont Railway action, the plaintiff sued for £7,000, and the jury awarded £3,092, and directed that the money should be equally divided between the widow and the two children. A NUMBER of prominent Melbourne gentlemen, consuls, and others assembled at the Town-hall on March 15 to drink the health of Mons. Belcour, commissioner-general for France at the late Melbourne Exhibition, and to wish him bon voyaye on the eve of his departure for Europe. MESSRS. T. D. S. HERON, P.M., C. Mollison, and E. P. S. Sturt, have been appointed a board to inquire into and report upon the charges preferred against Sergeant Steele by other constables, to the effect that he fired recklessly at certain innocent persons at the Glenrowan affray. DURING the trial in the Brisbane Supreme Court of Minns for the murder of Pillinger, the prisoner's counsel, Mr. Swanwick, interrupted Judge Harding while he was Bumming up, and the judge ordered him to be locked up during the night. The counsel apologised, and the order was then withdrawn. MR. JAMES PETERS, of Garth Station, Newham, was on March 7 found hanging by the neck from a beam in hia stable. A magisterial inquiry was held by Mr. C. R. Rennie, J.P., who recorded his opinion that deceased had committed suicide whilst of unsound mind. Deceased belonged to an old Tasmanian family, and was well known in agricultural circles. THE Executive Council of New South Wales, have commuted the sentence of death passed on King Charlie and Nymrod Jack, for the murder of another aboriginal named Dickie, to five years' hard labour. Each of the prisoners and their victim belonged to tribes at variance with each other, and Dickie had stolen Charlie's gin. THE following is given as a return of the daily average number of teams carting water and of stock watered from one of the small temporary water supply works constructed in dry districts of the country—that at the Woolshed, Loddon district. Teams carting water, 122; cattle watered, 880; horses, 284 ; sheep, 4,068. MR. E. E. MORRIS, who has held the position of head master of the Church of England Grammar School Bince the resignation of the Rev. Dr. Bromby, is about to sever his connexion with the school. The first formal intimation of his intention was given by Mr. Morris to the pupils on March 10, and the announcement was received with both surprise and regret. AT St. Peter's Church, Eastern-hill, on March 13, the Rev. Canon Handfield, incumbent, preached his last sermons previous to his approaching visit to Europe. He bade farewell to his congregation, to whom he has miniBtered continuously for over 26 years. During his absence his duties will be performed by the Rev. J. Carlisle, of Eaglehawk. THE weather of late has been very dry, and intensely hot. On the afternoon of March 10 the thermometer at the Observatory recorded 102 ldeg. The rainfall from the beginning of the year to March 11 was only 0.82in., being the smallest amount recorded for that period during the last 24 years, the average being4 28in. MR. W. MORRAH, lately inspector of New Zealand branches of the Bank of Australasia, has been appointed to eucced the late Mr. Michael Elliot as manager at the Melbourne branch. It is not yet decided whether the appointment is to be permanent or not. Mr. Morrah ranks Becond in the bank's service in the Australian colonies. A CURIOUS incident happened during the recent passage of the steamer Wakatipu from New Zealand. A large fish got jammed across the bow of the vessel, where it remained for 24 hours. Attempts were made to secure it, and the grapnel was actually hooked on, but owing to its great weight the fish was lost. The weight of the monster is supposed to have been about two tons. TAWHIAO, the Maori King, is making extensive preparations for the feast which he is to give to Europeans and natives on the 1st of May. It is the custom of Maoris when they have been feasted to feast in turn, and Tawhiao is not going to be outdone, if he can help it. The Europeans are tn be entertained aa far as possible in their own manner. The gathering promises to be quite unique in the history of the colony. ON Easter Monday the volunteers of the colony will be exercised in the movements for repelling an attack from an invading force. The Artillery Corps and the Ballarat Hangers will be stationed at Queenscliff in charge of the battery there, and the remaining divisions will be marched towards Westernport to repel an imaginary attack from that quarter. Colonel Hutton is preparing a scheme for the manoeuvres. A BATHER valuable find (remarks the GippsLand Mercury) was made recently on the Ninety-mile Beach, about half a mile from Mr. Futcher'B premises, near Prospect, in the shape of a whale about 20ft. long, and 4ft. thick. The monster fish was hardly dead when it was discovered, the body being quite warm. Preparations were immediately made to utilise it, and boilingdown wa9 soon going on actively. A VERY handsome memorial window bas just been placed in the Toorak Presbyterian Church. The donor is the Hon. Francis Ormond, and it has been erected in memory of his late wife. Occupying as it does the gable of the church, it enhances the appearance of the whole interior. The whole work has been carried out with great taste by Messrs. Ferguson and Urie, of Collins-Btreet. AMONGST the passengers by the Chimborazo, which arrived on the 2nd inst., was Dr. Schwarzbach, a German lecturer and j naturalist, who travelled four or five years ago in the Australian colonies, and wrote many papers on Australasian affairs in different German magazines. Dr. Schwarzback intends to revisit the South Sea Islands and New Zealand for medical and anthropological purposes. A NUMBER of ministers and laymen of the Wesleyan Church in Victoria held a meeting recently, and decided to make religious camp meetings a permanent institution in this colony. With thiB obiect in view, the promoters of the movement propose purchasing or leasing an area of land on the Brighton Beach, and erecting comfortable habitations, assimilating all the arrangements as nearly as possible to those of the camp in New York, known as the Pine Grove. THE examination of the contraband goods brought to Melbourne in the Bbip Meath under falae invoices has been finished by the officers of the Customs department. It has been ascertained that in the cases represented to contain various kinds of undutiable or slightly dutiable goods were secreted 140,000 cigars, 250.000 cigarettes, 920 gallons of spirits, and two tons and a half of manufactured tobacco, upon which the aggregate duty amounts to over £2,000. FRESH water in abundance has been found in a well at Avon Plains, in the shire of Dunmunkle. Mr. Young, on March 9, received a telegram from Mr. Gorrie, secretary of the shire of St. Arnaud, stating that at a depth of 35ft. a large body of water was met with, and that pumping apparatus was required to enable the residents to obtain advantage from the discovery. The Minister instructed that the necessary machinery should be sent to the locality at once. M. JULES RENARD, Councillor J. Wilks, and Mr. Isaac Jacobs (Feldheim, Jacobs, and Co.) have been appointed additional honorary commissioners for Victoria at the Bordeaux Wine Exhibition. They will act con jointly with Messrs. W. H. Seward, James Smith, and H. G. Turner, who have been already delegated. The Treasurer has allowed £1,000 for defraying the expenses in connexion with the Victorian representation at the Exhibition. JUDGE SKINNER has been requested by the Solicitor-General to offer any comments he may consider desirable upon a complaint made by Mr. Tuthill, attorney, of Beechworth, regarding his conduct. Mr. Tuthill alleges that he was told by the judge that he was talking " stuff," and wasting time while pleading in court, and was abused when he remonstrated against that treatment. In addition, it is remarked that the judge has resented Mr Tuthill's refusal to submit any briefs to his (the judge's) Bon, who is a barrister. AN accidentoccurred at Mordialloc on March 9 by which a young married man, named John Owen Holmes, a resident of Richmond, lost his life. He was seen standing on a loaded truck, which was being pushed out of Mordialloc station by an engine. A sleeper or some other obstruction which was on the rails knocked the truck off, and Holmes was seen to fall on the line, the wheels of the truck passing over his body, breaking bis legs and causing other serious injuries, from which Holmes died before he could be removed to the Alfred Hospital. A BOLD attempt at escape was made on the 22nd February by six convicts at lie Nou, New Caledonia. They, in broad daylight and in the presence of the guards, Beized a boat which, as usual, had arrived in the early morning with rations from Noumea. They dashed into the boat, threw the crew into the water, and tried to make off with the boat. The surveillants fired upon them, killed one, and wounded three of the others, one seriously. This put an end to the insane attempt, for the convicts had not a ghost of a chance of succeeding in their effortB. THE Police Reward Fund has been considered by the Cabinet. The recommendations of the board were concurred in with the exception of the award of £550 to Mr. Thomas Curnow, formerly schoolmaster at Glenrowan. This sum is regarded aB a very inadequate recompense for the services rendered by that gentleman, and it is intended to ask Parliament to sanction the appropriation of £450 from the general revenue, in order that he may receive £1,000. Since the board made the assessment other facts have been adduced which show that Mr. Curnow was entitled to greater consideration than was conceded by that body. MESSRS. G. HAYNEB AND J. ARCHIBALD, defendants in the Sydney Bulletin libel case Moore and Another r>. Hanws and A mother, were on March (j arrested by the sheriff's officers and taken to Darlinghurst Gaol, where they will be incarcerated for 12 months unless the writ for over £600 is previously satisfied. It will be remembered that after the conclusion of the trial a subscription was commenced to defray the defendants' coBts in the case, but the money subscribed barely sufficed to pay their own lawyers, and left nothing to defray the expenses of counsel and solicitors on the other side. A MOST melancholy accident, attended with fatal consequences' happened to a lad named Alfred Murray, aged 11 years, at the Australian Wharf on March 11. While playing on the wharf with a number of other boyB, Murray attempted to climb over a stack of heavy logs, one of which rolled over him, crushing in the nose and upper jaw in a frightful manner, and seriously injuring the abdomen and foot. He was at once removed to the Melbourne Hospital, and attended by Dr. Sutherland, one of the resident BurgeonB, but his injuries were of such a serious nature that he expired while being treated. ANOTHER of the Jolimont accident cases WAB disposed of in the Supreme Court on March 13, before his Honour Mr. Justice Higinbotham and a jury of 12. The plaintiff was Mr. A. E. Moore, a land agent, who was a passenger by the train. He met with a severe injury to his arm and shoulder, from which he Buffered intense pain for several weeks. At one time he was attacked with erysipelas. It was found necessary to perform two operations on his arm. He was prevented from attending to his business for nearly five months, and it was said that it was impossible now to tell when he would recover the use of his arm. The jury assessed the plaintiff's damages at £2,500. THE resources of the Kilcunda coalfield are again being brought under the notice of the Commissioner of Railways, a number of gentlemen having stated that they can supply the department with 100,000 tons of coal at less cost than it could be obtained in New South Wales. In order to test the practicability of this offer, Mr. Bent has decided to call for tenders for 100,000 tons of coal, delivered at the pit mouth, and if the gentlemen above referred to can show that they are really competent to do what they state, the Cabinet will be asked to determine as to the policy of constructing a tramway from the coalfield to Griffith's Point. THE Chief Commissioner of Police issued directions on March 8, in compliance with the recent decision of the Government, for the dismissal of Constables William Duross, Thomas Patrick Dowling, and Robert Alexander, who formed the hut party on the occasion of the murder of Aaron Sherritt by the members of the Kelly gang, and the decision was formally carried out by Superintendent Winch during the afternoon. Detective Ward was also officially informed of the fact that the Chief Commissioner had been directed by the Government to place him at the bottom of the second class, and to censure him for his conduct in connexion with the cave party. ON March 13, at Sydney, Walter Rodway and J. H. Wilson were committed for trial at the Criminal Sessions on a charge of conspiring to defraud the public by means of advertisements promising to supply jewellery and works of art on the receipt of a coupon and cash. The case baa occupied considerable public attention for some days past. Evidence was adduced at the Police Court showing that Rodway, who styled himself " Doctor," had victimised various persons by forwarding spurious jewellery in answer to their communications, while in some ca9es no articles were sent at all in return for the money forwarded. The defendant Wilson acted as Rodway's manager. A SERIOUS affray took place in Brisbane early on the morning of March 10. Between 12 and 1 o'clock an officer, named Keid, of the American barque Wattie E. Tapley, came out of an hotel with one of his sailors, named Harlem. Both had been drinking. The officer told the man to go on board, and upon his refusing fired five shots at him from a revolver, one ball grazing Harlem's hair. Constable Ryan tried to arrest Reid, who then drew a knife and stabbed him in the arm, breast, and other places seriously. One wound would have been fatal only the knife struck the constable's watch. Reid was arrested by other policemen. A MARRIED woman, named Louisa Messenger, 30 years of age, made a determined attempt to commit Buicide on March 10 by drowning. It appears that on the previous night she had a dispute with her husband, who is a carrier residing in Wangurattastreet, Richmond. She left him, and said she would go to the river and drown herself. Fearing she might carry her threat into execution, he, in company with another man named Baker, followed her. She went straight to the river, and when near the Sir Henry Barkly Hotel, Harcourt's-parade, she rushed to the water and jumped in. A lifebuoy was thrown to her, which she caught hold of, and she was with some difficulty pulled out of the water, and conveyed to Baker's house, in Wellington-street. A DELIBERATE attempt at murder was made by a man named Christie, at OnionB's Point, on the Parramatta River, New South Wales, on March 10. Christie, it seems, had just come down from the country with the intention of turning his step-son out of the house. He was occupied in quarrelling with him when a young man named Dew interfered in some way. Christie presently drew a revolver, and fired three shots in succession at Dew, the last bullet taking effect. Dew fell, and Christie then jumped into a cart standing near, and fired two more shots at random, fortunately without hitting anyone. He then drove away, but waa subsequently arrested. On examination at the hospital Dew waB found to be shot in the lungs, and he was in a critical state. THE Albert- park Yacht Club held a moonlight procession, &cM; of yachts on the lake on the evening of March 9 for the purpose of giving non-sailing members and their friends a sail upon the lake, and also to give to the outside public a display. Everything passed off smoothly. The lighting up of the lake by means of lanterns was well managed, numbers of these being placed round the course to be sailed, thus marking it, and enabling onlookers to understand and watch the manoeuvres. Each of the yachts carried a mast-head light of different colour in addition, and as the lanterns marking the course were also of various colours—red, blue, and green lights alternating with plain and parti- coloured ones—the effect was very pleasing, and the spectacle an uncommon and brilliant one to the onlookers. AT an adjourned meeting of the Pipeclay Club, held in the club rooms, Melbourne, on March <J, Captain Christopherson read a paper on the defences of Victoria, and he suggested the establishment of a paid militia instead of the present volunteer force. He referred to the total inadequacy of the present means for resisting an invasion, asserting that the Queenscliff batteries in their present unmanned state would be rapidly captured, and prove an auxiliary to the enemy instead of a means of resistance for the colony. A discussion on the suggested reorganisation of the land forces subsequently took place, it being finally unanimously agreed to forward the paper read to the colonel commandant, with a request that he should submit the proposals contained in it to the Government for immediate consideration. A NUMBER of the most inlluential residents and friends of Mr. Henry Laurie assembled at Warrnambool on March 7 to present him with a testimonial on the occasion of his Bevering his connexion with the Standard newspaper, and accepting the position of lecturer on logic at the Melbourne University. The chair was taken by Mr. F. J. Hickling, manager of the National Bank, Warrnambool. A number of highly eulogistic speeches were made, testifying to Mr. Laurie's ability as a journalist, his value as a citizen, and his high social standing, and the many expressions of regard and esteem were accompanied by a handsome silver service on a massive salver. Subsequently Mr. Laurie was invited to the Royal Archer Hotel by his late employes, who presented him with a silver inkstand aB a slight testimony of the good feeling which they entertained towards their late employer. THE offices of the National Insurance Company, at the corner of Collins and Market streets, were entered by burglars some time between Saturday, March 4, and the morning of March 6. Entrance was effected through the front door by means of skeleton keys, and the place was ransacked throughout in search of valuables. One of the strong safes in which the keys of the other safes were kept was opened by boring holes through the lock fastenings with a brace, and causing the boltB to fall away inside. A second safe was opened with the keys so obtained, and £30 in cash, and seven cheques, representing an amount of about £b0, abstracted. No other property was stolen. The burglary was evidently the work of experienced hands, and waB cleverly executed, no trace being left by which the offenders might be detected. THE new Government Industrial Insurance scheme in New Zealand is to be started forthwith. The main object is to bring insurance within the reach of all, by granting policies for any amount from £5 upwards with premiums, payable by weekly instalments to be called for by a collector. Anybody, by payment of a few pence weekly, can Becure a policy payable to his family at his death. The premiums run aB low as 2d. per week. Another new feature in the new Industrial Insurance scheme now offered by Government is that all policy-holders will Bhare in the profits ; and policies of the value of £20 and upwards, after existing three years, can be surrendered for cash or for a free policy, on which no further payments have to be made. The accounts of the Industrial branch are to be kept entirely distinct and separate from those of the ordinary branch. THE Hamilton Spectator states that " some fencers were at work a short time back on Messrs. Hutton Bros.' Cheviot-hills Estate, when they came across a bottle, apparently empty. On lifting it, however, they found it to contain a number of matches, and a quantity of dry grasB, a train of which protruded out of the neck of the bottle, and the contents were thus brought into contact with the surrounding pasturage. The object of the man who had thus improvised this machine was apparent. He trusted to the matches inside the bottle being ignited by the rays of the sun, and setting fire to the grass. This, the weather being extremely hot, would quickly have been the result, and a disastrous bush fire must inevitably have followed. The miscreant, it may be added, had selected the most favourable place on the estate for a blaze, the grass being long, dry, and plentiful. TIIE action brought by Mr. Thomas Miller against the Board of Land and Works for damages he received in the Jolimont railway accident was concluded in the Supreme Court on March 3. The plaintiff alleged that he had his shoulder dislocated, and that the injury to him was such that he was unable to attend to his business for'four months; and it was stated that it would be some months yet before he completely recovered the use of his arm and hand. He admitted on cross-examination that he had gone to Mr. Milner Stephen, and had given a testimonial that Mr. Stephen had cured him by breathing on him, and had enabled him to put on his coat without assistance. Mr. Stephen was examined as a witness for the defendants, to prove what had occurred on the occasion of Mr. Miller's visit to him. The jury gave a verdict for th<j plaintiff, damages £1,150. THE case of Geach v. the Board of Land and Works was tried on Marchl3 in theSupremeCourt, before Mr. Justice Higinbotham and a special jury of 12. The plaintiff in this case, Major G. O. Geach, was one of the passengers injured by the accident which happened to the Brighton express train at Jolimont in August last. The evidence showed that Major Geach received a wound on the head which severed the left temple artery. He lost a large quantity of blood and was detained in the Melbourne Hospital for over a week, afterwards he was removed to his private residence at Balaclava. A few days afterwards erysipelas supervened, and he was confined to his bed for five weeks. On the 1st December be was sufficiently recovered to resume his duties as cashier to Messrs. Couche, Calder, and Co. He lost two months' salary, and was put to an expense of about £170 for medical attendance, &c.; He claimed £2,200 damages, but the jury, after deliberating 25 minutes, awarded him £725. THE case of Garrett v. the Board of Land and Works, in which Mrs. Louisa Jane Garrett, as administratrix of the estate of her husband, the late Horatio Hill James Garrett, sued the defendants for £6,000 damages for losses sustained by her and his two children through his being killed at the Jolimont railway accident, was tried in tbe Supreme Court on March 10, before His Honour Mr. Justice Higinbotham and a special jury of twelve. The plaintiff and other witnesses gave evidence to show what amount of loss plaintiff and her children might be considered to have sustained, and the jury then returned a verdict for plaintiff for £3,500, They also decided, according to the wishes of plaintiff, that the money should be divided as it would have been divided by law in case her husband had died intestate— namely, that one-third of it should be paid to plaintiff, and one third to each of the two children. REGARDING the demonstration of loyalty witnessed in the Royal Princess' s Theatre, Sandhurst, on March 3, after the arrival of the news of the attack on Her Majesty, the Bendigo Advertiser writes :—"The theatre was filled by a large audience. On the first act of the opera concluding, the little people composing Pollard's Juvenile Company were called before the curtain. The whole company appeared, and, on their getting into position, Master C. Osmond commenced the first bar of the National Anthem. At once and together the audience—gallery, pit, stalls, and dress circle—rose to theirfeet with heads uncovered. Master Osmond continued singing, and on the conclusion of the verse the company joined in the so-well-known chorus, the effect of the young but trained voices being peculiarly pleasing. The second verse was next sung, the chorus joining in as before, whereupoh the audience burst out into ringing cheers of gratitude for the safety of Her Majesty, accompanied by waving of hands and toesing of hats, the applause being without doubt the heartiest yet heard in a Sandhurst theatre. It was some minutes before the outburst of loyal enthusiasm had spent itself, and the opera could be resumed." MR. JUSTICE MOLESWORTH on March 7 gave his decision on the application for administration of the estate of one Thomas Edward O'Flaherty, who died in the Melbourne Hospital in November last, to be granted to a Mrs. Fanny Boxall, who claimed to be his daughter. O'Flaherty. who appears to have heen more usually known in Victoria as Farley, was an old man. He met with an accident in the street, was treated at first aa an out-patient of the Melbourne Hospital, and afterwards taken as an in-patient. He died on the 23rd November, and an examination of the papers at his lodgings showed that he had left some relatives in Victoria. At the time of hiB death he had money deposited with a building society to the amount of £4,500, and he had other property to the value of over £500. Inquiries made resulted in the discovery that O'Flaherty had left a daughter, who was living at Goldabrough. She was a widow. It appeared that she was born in Ireland in 1830, that owing to family differences she had only seen her father twice—once in 1837, and again in 1842; that he had written letters to her afterwards; that he came to thi8 colony over 30 years ago, whither a brother-in-law and sister of his followed him, and that Mrs. Boxali came here afterwards. O'Flaherty, or Farley, had not corresponded with his daughter since 18(32, and had contributed nothing towards her maintenance. His Honour considered that Mrs. Boxall had proved her claim to administration of the estate, and therefore granted the application. 