ECHOES FROM EXETER HALL. Mb. Hughes at the Wjsslj fan Missionary B re akfast -me eting. T HE Rev. Hugh Price Hughes, who was received with loud cheers, said—Mr. Chairman, in the presence of an unusual number of returned missionaries it would.probably be in any case very unbecoming of me to attempt anything like what is usually regarded as a missionary speech ; but even if there were none of those honoured brethren with us this morning, I could not make such a missionary speech as perhaps some are expecting from me. I feel as though a kind of divine interdict were placed upon every subject save one. I have been reminded of the Extraordinary experience of Socrates, who used to say that from time to time the Divine Voice within him prevented him from saying and doing particular things which he wished to say and do; aud the Divine Voice within oie seems to warn me off from every possible topic this morning except one, aud that the last that you would expect from me probably, and certainly the least romantic. Whenever I have tried to collect my thoughts for the serious duty which now embara«ses me I have been able to think of one tbiug only—the missionary debt. The missionary debt has arisen like a mountain between me and everyifairjscene upon which I mighi|otherwise delight to dwell. What is the use of my addressing this gathering to-day upon my favourite subject, France, where we have such an opportunity as God seldom gives to man ? This accursed missionary debt stands between me and France, and if I name any of the other unique and almost unprecedented opportunities which are preseuted iu different parts of the world, here we are still with this missionary debt hanging like a millstone around our necks. When I was a boy I used to attend missionary meetings, but there was nothing said about debt, whereas now it appears like Banquo's ghost at Macbeth?* banquet to damp all our joy6. It is not 60 much the amount of the debt. At present, 1 believe, it amounts practically to about £8000, That is nothing to a great church like this; but tbe mere fact of the existence of such a debt has a far greater and much more disastrous influence upon the prospects of our Missionary Society than a great many people suppose. It depresses our spirits ; it rests upon us like a nightmare; it is a wet blanket upon our enthusiasm ; it has already produced the most dire effects, and it assisted materially iu killing the late Dr. Punshon. It is a literal fact that for months before his death he used to bedew his pillow with tears at the thought, of this debt. We talk about retrenchment ! I am afraid we do not all understand what retrenchment means. The word " retrenchment" is so very pleasing when it falls from the lips of a popular candidate for parliamentary honours than we may imagine it has the same pleasing significance here. Let it not be forgotten that retrenchment on the Methodist missionary platform means retreat—retreat iu the presence of the exulting, victorious devil. We are engaged in a veritable life and death struggle with all the powers of evil; and yet there are some persons, whom I cannot at all understand, who are satisfied with what they are pleased to call " holding our own." When the Church of God is stationary they console themselves with the fond delusion that we are holding our own. As I understand it, we are not here to hold our own. Our own does not consist of the small portion of this world that is already subdued to Christ, but, as we have been reminded, of the whole human race; and we shall never be in a position to hold our own until the millennium comes, and then we shall be able to do it, and sing defiance to the gates of hell. A very strange eclipse must have come over the hopes of some Christian men if they are satisfied with the stationary condition of the Christian Church either at home or abroad. I suppose we do believe that tho world is to be brought to the feet of Christ, and I should like to know when we expect that to happen if we are to live act the "poor dying rate" that is expressed by " holding our own." Has it come to this, that we hare been reading infidel periodicals until our eouls have been so shrivelled up witbin ns that we are satisfied that the missionary income is about as much as it was last year, aud if our missionary debt is slowly disappearing, and if we make an occasional raid into the Promised Land and bring off a captive or two, while a thousand promises of God are loudly calling trs to go up and take possession of the whole earth in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ ? But we meet this morning under far more disastrous and disgraceful circumstances even than is represented by this euphemistic phrase of " holding our own/' We have been consolidated, m Turkey was consolidated, by the losft of provinces. We have been abandoning territory. In the days of my father, when he was young, the Liberal party in this country had a glorious cry," Peace, retrenchment, and reform," but inglorious cry of the Missionary Society this morning is, " Debt, retrenchment, and defeat." A few years ago there was a probability that our church at Lutterworth would be abandoned. It ha.i been closed for some years, and then at last the Roniin Catholics proposed to buy it.. That aroused us. Had it come to this, that Methodism was to perish in Lutterworth, associated as it was with such glorious memories of tbe Reformation, and to hand it over to the Roman Catholics? But we are abandoning a great many Lutterworths by onr accursed system of retrenchment to those who are worse than Roman Catholics. In such a struggle as that to which we are called unle&s; we defeat the adversary the adversary defeats ns. I am sure that the only true Christian principle of warfare is the admirable principle of the German army —that of carrying on our war in the enemies' country. If you want to defeat Romanism in Englaud you must attack it in Dublin, Paris, Rome, and Vienna. If you want to expel infidelity from the English universities you must besiege Berlin with the gospel; and there is a special adaptation of that admirable principle of war which the times are urgently demanding, and that is the principle of following up your victory. " Only send me on with the cavalry," said Malabar to Hannibal, at tbe great defeat of Campi, " and within five days thou shalt sup iu the Capitol." Hannibal failed to follow that sagacious counsel, and irretrievable disaster followed, and all the fruits of his glorious victory were snatched from him. Look at Europe today. For the time being tbe power of Rome is annihilated. The progress of science and of political freedom has brought the Romish priesthood to tbe dust even in France aud Italy. Indeed, a terrible Nemesis in France i6 to-day visiting the Roman Catholic priests with the persecution that they have so often and so long inflicted upon others. Science and political freedom have for the time brought tbe Roman Catholic poorer in Europe to the very dost. Send us on with " the cavalry." and in a few years Paris, Rome, and Vienna shall be at the f-et of Christ. But if you spend your time in nibbling at vonr debts aud in tinkering awav with retrenchment your glories too will have passed away, and God will have raised up some other church, perhaps from the stones iu the street—perhaps the Salvation Army—to do the work which you have not tbe courage to do. France is not atheist to-day; but unless you take care France will be atheist in ten years. Is this the time to raise the questiou of debt and of retrenchment ? And if I refer to India, what a spectacle presents itself. The terrible artillery of Western science has brought the most venerable and gigantic system of heathenism to the dust. The myriads of Hinduism have been thrown into confusion by a terrible shower of shot and shell from our secular schools. Now is the time for the cavalry. . Where are they ? The cavalry are foraging for our miserable debt. Are we going to allow half-a-century of heroic toil to be snatched from us*/ I confess that I; felt a deep personal pang when I read Mr. Rigg's letter from India the other day in our "Missionary Notices." Men and women are willing to go forth to distant laud, leaving their sweet homes and all the pleasing things of life in England, in order to preach and live the gospel. It is not much, then, that is asked off ns, as the chairman has reminded ns this morning, when we are requested only to furnish the v hioney that is required to carry on this glorious work. Have we all realised that men and women have literally shed their blood for this cause ? Alas ! in how matfya missionary land, a Promised Land, have wey like Abraham, no possession except the cave of Machpelah. Retrenchment has quenched tbe light that was kindled in other days. There is no other relic of ifee brave exploits of onr fathers than the missionary grave. There sleeps the young martyr who went forth, to die for Christ, and perhaps Reside him the tender English erirl, who, otit of love to Christ, and to him went to share his toil and his suffer-' ing—she, it may be, witth her babe—there they lie. All our retrenchment could not bring that grave away. The rude weeds are growing over that desolate grave to-day. Wild beasts are ^ fighting over it, and 1 wilder men are shedding their brother's blood over it. Have we not enough religion left in this country to send some one to gather tbose weeds, and to stand beside that grave, and to tell those savage beasts that the old spirit has come back to Methodism, that we have repented of all ettr sing-, and that we will never again abandon a single inch of the* ground captured from the world and for Christ ? The very least we can do is to furnish the Missionary Society with the increase of 5 per cent, that they so modestly ask; and that can be done by even the poorest circuits in England. That has been done by my own poor circuit, in the conntry of Oxford. feel great reluctance in mentioning this, bat I find that Mr. M'Artbar and others have been making so many kindly references to our Methodism and oar financial statns, that yon have heard of it just too often^ I asked to be permitted not to speak of this* but even Mr. Osbora compelled me to do so; and, after all, an ounce of fact is worth a ton of theory, and we are obliged to mention that which has come under our own notice. Now, we Lave been able during the past year to raise this 5 per cent, and more in Oxford, although outside the city of Oxford itself the country is peor. We have in the villages felt tbe agricultural depression very severely. I think in some places the commercial depression has been used to cover a multitude of sins: but it is not so extensive as one would imagine. It has fallen severely upon some trades, but only upon some. The commercial depressfon in other directions has simply meant that gentlemen were not able to make money by leaps and bonnds, as they did during the previous period. When we talk of commercial depression, remember that during all the years it is said to have prevailed pauperism has been constantly decreasing, and the deposits in the savings banks have been constantly increasing. There can be no discussion as to tbe reality of the commercial depression in the agricultural districts. In my own circuit thousands of acres are out of cultivation. What has been done ?" I do not wish to take any particular credit for the particular mode there pursued. We arranged that one of the ministers i should speak last at every village meeting, and act as a sort of Chancellor of the Exchequer. First of alL, he informed tbe villagers of the total amount raised from all sources in that place; then of the amount raised by the previous Sunday's collections; then of the sums brought in by means of the missionary boxes; and then he was able by a simple sum in arithmetic to tell them how much yet remained to be raised then and there in order to make up the Income as a whole equal to the former sum, and then added 5 per cent., and told them down to a halfpenny how much had to be given before they went home that night. Generally, when the matter was put before them in this open Methodist fashion, they contributed at the first collection all that was necessary; but when there was a little deficiency of a few shillings or pounds we , looked at one another and smiled, and then per-"" haps some honest working man in the corner, surrounded by his wife and family, said—" Put me down for 5s " " Thank you. Another would say—" I will give you a shitliugaud 1 w ill make up the rest"—of course the chairman 4 1 would say. The result has been that by this method we have got onr 5 per cent, aud more. We remained there an til we got it. Then came the great deficiency at Oxford. Dr. Punshon was there the previous year, and he made a prodigious effort, and all our leading men joined in the work. James Vanner was brought dawn to take the chair, and gave most liberally. I saw it was necessary to make a special appeal. We did so, aud theresult was that, even in the city of Oxford, although the amount had been doubled in the previous year, we raised the necessary amount. Last year the contributions were JE110 18s. 10d., but this year £14218s. 6d. t an increase of more than 20 per cent. If all circuits would do the same, there would be an end of all our debts and all our difficulties. This is my patent. But now the debt, the debtthat is my point J and you will say that I have been some time coming to it. I must go to Oxford agaiu for an illustration of the way to get rid of this debt. Shortly after I was appoiuted to Oxford we had a very interesting meeting in connection with the working men's mission, and it appeared they were j£10 in debt. One honest fellow got up and proposed en elaborate scheme by which the whole of that £10 could be raised in the course of twelve months. It occurred to me to get up and say it would be far better to raise it at once, and then our resources would be free to carry on the work of God, for I do believe in aggressivejChristianity. I said—" Who is there now who will start with » sovereign ?" I saw a benevolent-looking lady in Mack shuffling about a little and speaking to a gentleman near her. t leaned forward with a bewitching smile and said—" I think that gentleman has something to say to me." He blushed and 6tuiled, and got up and said the lady would give a sovereign. " Good," I said " the scheme is fairly launched." Then I looked at the chairman, lovingly, argumentative^, Episcopalianly, Methodistically; that did it, and he said— " Put me down for a pound." But I have some reason to believe that he had intended only to give ha\f-a-crown at the collection. The rest of the money wanted was 6id., which I compelled my colleague, Mr. Mnnro, to pay on the spot, and then we sang the doxology and went home rejoicing. Now, the best way of dealing with the missionary debt is to deal with it at once—this morning, here, and now. If we raise the £6000 that has yet to be forthcoming before this debt is destroyed what a thrill of joy it will send round the world. But perhaps we ought to give our friends on Monday a chance to have some part in this glorious work. Why could not we raise £4000 before we separate ? There are many wealthy men aud women here. I called upon Mr. Marmadake Osborn some weeks ago and suggested this plan. He said he would consult his colleagues. I suppose he has, but I have not heard the result. Perhaps the result is that I am to speak first. I do seriously propose to the wealthy men and women who are listening to me now that we shall make a glorious beginning and raise the whole of the money to-day and on Monday. If we raise £4000 this morning surely our friends on Monday might raise the rest. Is there any benevolent lady in black who will set the example ? I am sure the chairman would be very happy to follow; or perhaps in this ease he would prefer to lead the way, which £ confess is more natural! What is a trumpery £4000 f The two political parties spent three millions sterling for political objects merely, and this is the great work of God, in the. presenee of which all political objects sink into utter insignificance. To my own certain knowledge, individual Methodists longing for parliamentary honours have often speHt more than £1000 npon one single contested election. This is, therefore, a very small matter. Who will interrupt me by beginnig ? Such an act as the raising of this money in the city of London, where, more than anywhere else, the goldeu calf is worshipped, would tell greatly. The ungodly citizens of this great city will believe more in our religion then than ever before when we do something of this sort for Christ's sake. I believe the missionary secretaries have said once or twice that they hope that the debt will be paid off gradually. 1 believe £30,000 has been promised, and only £8000 of the debt is left; but I want the thing to be done with the moral effect that will arise from publicity. Let any one imagine the effect npon our missionaries in all parts of the world if a paragraph goes into the Times on Monday that the Methodists have made up their mind to pay off this debt at once. It would make the hearts of the missionaries dance for joy everywhere. There are times when the left hand ought not to know what the right hand is doing; but this is the timie rather to shout from the house-top this tribute of loyalty and devotion to Jesus Christ It would bring a new ray of happiness to many* lives. I will suggest one way tn which it could be raised. We are not in such dire distress as to require a great sacrifice, such as men and woman were called upon to endure when they were besieged in Paris ; but now that we are besieged and surrounded by the forces of the missionary debt, we may be some day reduced to dire extremity. There is one way in which this debt can be readily dealt with if we all become total abstainers for six months. Still, we need not be reduced to such dire extremity 1 The money could easily be pioduced for Christ's sake without it; and I seriously invite you to consider to-day whether we shall not be seeking the kingdom of God and His righteousness if at this crisis, and for the sake of universal Methodism, we undertake this enterprise. Think what men are doing in India and Fiji, aud think what the Salvation Army is doing in this country. Only three weeks ago a butcher in the city of Oxford left his business aud literally forsook everything in order that he might become a captain in the Salvation Army; and this is, perhaps the example we should follow in other ways. It is not, I assure you, without much prayer that I have ventured to make these remarks. It may be that, like poor Cassandra, t may be giving advice that will not be taken ; bnt I shall have the consolation of knowing that I have discbarcgd my own conscience, and that I have done what it it the supreme ambition of my life to do—I have made a suggestion for the glory of Christ and for the good of Methodism^ 