BROADBRIM'S NEW YORK LETTERS. A week of feverish anxiety and upheaval— unsettled weather, unsettled stock market, unsettled labor market, unsettled everything —no cluo to the would-be assassins who at tempted the life of Vanderbilt and Field; men are asking themselves if tlioy will try it over again on the samo men, or if they will pick out a new subject the next time—whether it it will bo Russell Sage, Jim Keeno, or, like liest of all, Jay Gould. It is an uncomfort thing to think of. If an army of a million of men, every one of whom was sworn to die in his defence, could not save the Russian Czar and the love of lifty millions of freemen and free women couldnot shield James A Garfield what hope is there, then, for the men whose lives have been passed in schemes of spoliation and who linv awakened hates and antagonism so bitter and bo deadly as it is possible for the heart of man to conceive? In a public meeting the other night, a man calling himself on American cheered for assassination. If James Itedpath is an American, it ia news to me; I have always understood he was an Englishman; his whole life has beeujpassed in revolution . Ho it was who went down to Kausas with old John Brown, and from that day to this ho hag been seeking cheap no toriety, where thoro was no danger. He is a small edition of George Francis Train, with out Train's brains. His cheers for assassin ation found echoing voices, for thero is nothing that could bo said or done so bad that it would not lind aresponse in .New York The fellows who cheored assassination the oilier night were all imported stock ; and, with the exception of the Englishman Red path, the whole of them were from Ireland. It was in vain that tliebetter class of Irishmen begged and implored them to behave thom aelvcs, they knew they wero in no danger, and they resolved to make blackguards aad ruf fians of themselves, and they succeeded to a charm. One thing was very evident, however, notwithstanding tlioir noise and bluster, and that was, that they only composo a miserable minority of the J ii>h population of Now York. Thero wero thousands of representative Irish men there to denounce the great crime, not aiiaiust England but against Ireland, and this was particularly empathised by tho fact that the Mayor of the first city of the Union, who presided at the meeting, was an Irishman born— ns, indoed, are many of tho city's most prominent officers who were seated on tho platform with him; but assassination was cheered and dynamite, notwithstanding the remoiistrarce of the better portion of the meeting, and tho conduct of tho revolutionary faction was so disgraceful that scarcely a city paper gave a faithful report of tho meeting. it seems as if tho time was sadly out of joint as Shakespeare has it. If you ask a man about politics nobody seems to know anything, or to bo hardly able to give an opinion. I asked an old politicau, one who I know has been on tho inside of tho Ring for years, who was going to be the next candidate for governor, and he did not know any more about it than a Hottentot. Party lines seem to bo fading out; moil who sworo by Tammany four years ago, to day are trying to pull it down, and men who swore at Tammany four years ago aro now trying to build it up. John Kelly has been killed as dead as a door nail, at least a dozen times, within as many months, and to see him now in tho midst of a general Tammany pow-wow he is the liveliest ghost that can be found in tlho State of New \ ork botweeu Moiitauk Point and Buffalo. Don't run away with tho idea that tho great Winowski is defunct, for ho is not; don't believe he is abandoned by his followers, tor ho is not; every man who lias been won from the Tammany ranks has had to be paid for, and when tho offices give out,recruiting stops. Tammany is a power in New York city. As long as ignorance and crime exist, Tammany will exist; while the aruiy of unhung villains that swell our calendars of crime cau go up to tho polls and neutralize the votes of honest citizens, just so long Tammany Hall will re main an important factor 111 State and National politics. It is just as well that we should know where wo stand; John Kelly may not bo able to say who will bo President, but thero is one thing certain he is able to say who will not bo President, and which ever side wius will have to do it with the aid of Tammany Hall. They may squirmand swear they may resolve themselves in into reform committees; but it won't do; tho hard fact re mains that down in tho slums aro a square forty thousand votes which can bo hurled by John Kelly against any party, Democrat or Republican, Greenbacker or Hard money, it makes, 110 difference to them; they under stand that Tammany redresents tho olemeut which is forninst tho government and forninst tho lawj and that is all they want to know to give their allegiance. John Morrisey was tho only man who over grappled successfully with Tammany; but John was a prize-fighter, and his strength lay in the fact that he was one of them. Prize fighter and gambler they sent him to congress to"represent them, though to his credit be it recorded that many men with a much better chance, and a far nobler pedigree, were not half as honest as John Morrisey. But, as I said a little while ago, nobody seems to know anything about our political future; it looks as though there might bo a new deal all round though at present it is impossible to tell who hold the trump cards. For general cnsaednesa tho weather has been unexampled in our history, and if it had not been for my early Christian training I fear tho letter of this week would liavo been disfigured with unseemly language. A day or two of moderate sunshine and warmth has restored tile usual sweetness of my temper, and " Richard is himself again." Scarcely any modern romance tells a story like that reveated in tho trial of the will of tho Into Miss Sarah Burr. Here was a miserable miserly old wretch, with an income of between two hundred and fifty and three hundred thousand dollars a year, depriving herself and everybody around her of tho commonest necessaries of life, and dying in tilth and raga,yetloaving behind hor proporty valued at nearly four millions of dollars to niissionarysociotios. Biblo societies, aud tract societies of which she knew nothing about while she was alive, and who care nothing for hor now that she is dead. A Mr; Titlis, her iVgeiltj and a Mr. Hiker appear to have been the principal .engineers in drawing the old lady's will. From present appearances there Is little doubt that tho owner of this vast property was little more than demented, and I sincetely hope that tho will may bo broken and the property «iven to their relatives where it belongs. Her household effects aud dresses were brought into court on the trial, and tho wholo lot would scarcely havo been taken by an Italian ragpicker. No woman in her senses would have lived as this miserly old wretch did. If ever a will should bo broken lier's is the will. A now ordinance has been passed against hawking, and under its provisions four poor women were arrested tho other day, and in default of a ten dollar tine were colnmitted to goal. Ono poor starving creature, who had boon guilty of the heinous offonce of selling vegetabloa from n basket, and who was a widow, with two little children dependent on hor, dropped from sheer exhaustion in tho corridor of a goal as thoy wero dragging her to a cell. Forgers, thieves, murderers, and rascals of ovory degree are walking around our streets unwliipped of justice, while those miserable, starving women are torn from their famishing children and sentenced to imprisonment for selling a few vegetables to keep tho wolf from the door. If over woman auflrago should become ail accomplished fact, Alonzo B. Cornell will not bo elected governor; the ladies aro down on our handsome executive, aud also on the attor ney-general, who they considerstands between them and tho accomplishment of their hopes. Thoro will doubtless be an indignation meet ing called at a very early day, and when it is just stand from under, better for that gover nor aud that attorney-general " that, they never had beon bom;" or in tho language of Horaco Mann, " Better that they stood in tho lightning's path as it descends from the heaveuB to the earth ; better for thom that millstones were tied about their necks and that they wero drowned in the sea." Serves tlioin both right. To avoid all future complications, I am for woman suffrage ; T go in for giving her a chance in the army, tho navy, the ludian department and Star route contracts. Trusting that I may live to ase all these bright visions re alized, Yours truly, BROADBRIM. 