TALES AND SKETCHES. A CHRISTMAS LOVE. BY GEO. MANVILLE FENN. Chapter IV— I Touch the Ghost. The snow looked very beautiful in the bright nuBBhine, as it sparkled .and lay in dazzling ?S ' on every tuft of leaves, while too old gabled house seemed softened in its outlines by the silvery wool that hun&r; so softlv on the lichened tiles, and in the grand mul linned windows. K ven the very ladder, that stood with its top resting amidst tho leaves, had overy stop covered with tho soft snow, but it fell off in loose flakes as I placed my foot on tho first rung, and a shower fell on my hoad from tho leaves above. "Take care, mistress Letty," said Pm. " We've bad trouble enough for one day," " Ay, Prti, I'll take care," ( said morrily, as knife in hand I climbed higher, forgetting in the bright crisp air tho morning's troubles, and thinking only oftho festival to come. 'tGatch," I said, as I cut and throw down wreath aftor wreath of tho glossy loaves and deadened Lor ries of sombre iitie " Yos, I'll catch," said Pro gloomily, as I climbed higher and stood on a level with the top, where the finest bunches grow ; but it don't seem like Christmas timo, mistress, with those rough soldiers here. Don't tell a soul, for Andrew would kill me if ho knew, but two of them kissed me on the cheeks; thoy never touched my lips, and I mado thorn tingle forit, 1 warrant me." "Ay, but you liked it, my buxom wench," aaid a rongh voice, "A right pleasant picture by my sword." Looking down as I stood in tho act of throw- ing the great bunch of ivy I had cut, 1 drop;>ed my knife, for I found myself gazing full at tho insolent admiring face of Master Barnaby, who directly after stooped and picked up a little branch. "I shall wear this in my.beadpioce in re membrance of thoe, fair Mistress Lott," he continuod with an ugly loor ; and starting in my repugnance of tho man, I stretched forth my right hand over the flat roof amongst the ivy, and uttored a sharp cry of alarm, for an icy hand grasped mine, and as I turned to look there, half hidden by the snow and loaves, was tho face of a man, who was lying hidden by the ivy on- tho chapel top. "Why my timid, little snow-bird," said Master Barnaby, in bantering tones, "I did not even touch tho ladder; aud as to glancing at those pretty ankles, why I did not dare for fear of the lightning of those oyes. Shall I help yon down?" ho continued, laying his baud upon the ladder. "No, no," I gasped, as I pressed towards the ivy. "For tho love of heaven do not speak," whis pered a voico at my ear — "do not betray" — "What's that you whispered, little dove?" said Barnaby, while Pru stared, in a dazed manner, from ono to the other. " Nothing, nothing," I cried hastily, as I trembled so that I could scarcely speak, while the icy hand still mado prisoner of mine. " I am frightened," I stammered, " Go away, or I must jump down." " Jump down I Nay, nay, you'd sprain those pretty ankles, at which I just ventured to steal one peep. Don't slay me, little lady." he con tinued, with an insolent look, while I Hid not know whether to bo glad or sad as he exclaimed between his teeth. Curse him 1 what did he want to come for now." For just then my brother came slowly from the house, frowning angrily as he saw my posi tion, and tho companion I hod at my feet Striding forward quickly, he oxclaimed — "Captain Barnaby, to your men. Ab the re- fugeo was seen coming in this direction I will have the place searched once again. My father's ; house must be beyond the suspicion of having harbored an enemy of the State." " As you will, Captain," said Barnaby sul kily. and my brother turned sternly to me. "Letitia, my child," ho said, "It would be .more maidenly to leave that task until tho sol uJftryarogoue, You had better comedown." I felt wnite and red by turns as I took tightly hold of the ivy to descend, and in so doing drew it aside, revealing to my timorous gazo 4he ipper portion of a man's figure, half-buried in the snow, while a pale band30ino face looked imploringly in mine and seemed to say, "You will not betray me to mine enemies V There was a cut .across the forehead, aud the long tangled hair was matted with blood and snovi .while the lips looked blue and were drawn fiom the teeth in a ghastly manner, and tho sunken pinched in cheeks told plaiuly of pain and prkatic.il. The lips did not part Again, but the eyes seemed to fascinate ine. and spoke volumes, agitating mo so that I slipped and nearly fell, my brother catching mo as I reached the ground. ''Why, Lctt>%" he said, "a slip like that should not alarm you so. What is it, child ?" ho continued, gazing nt mo curiously, " you seeia to have been terribly startled." " Nothing, nothing, brother," I stammered, "That man— that man. Here quick, An drew,' I cried, "takeaway that ladder." " No," said my brother, quietly, "lot it stay. The men may want it to search that ivy." My hcait sank within me, for a strange interest had been stirred in my heart, which began to beat as it had never throbbed before. It was all so plain to me now ; this young cava lier, wounded and fleeing from hi3 enemies, had reached our homo during the snow storm, found the ladder reared against the ruins, climbed up, and sunk down senseless perhaps, while the pitiless storm beat down upon him the long night through, whon we were shel tered aud warm. The political matters of the day had never troubled me before, save that I had laughingly proposed to side with my father; but now I felt a Boyalistat heart, and my eyes flashed as I passed Barnaby and wished for a man's strength that I might strike him down, What should I do ? Find my father and tell him the news? He would, I felt sure, try and save the fugi tive; but there was not a moment to lose, for my brother said he would hAVo the ivy searched and then?— Ob, it was horrible. He would think I had betrayed him; when I felt as if I could dare anything to save so brave a man in his sore peril. I believe at that moment I hated my bro ther, as I half staggered in, for I was aware of the fact that he evidently suspected me, and he was watching me curiously as I entered the house. I paused for a momeut by the window keeping back with my hand pressed to my throbbing breast as I watched my brother standing near theruine, fori was in dread lest he should himself ascend tho ladder, nod so discover the fugitive, the touoh of whose icy hand etiil lingered in my own, making my every nerve thrill with tho strange . excite ment, There was the heavy tramplipg of feet over head, and I knew that tlio men were going over the house once more, while Charles began to pace up and down impatiently, awaiting their coming, when I knew that he would at once have the' ivy searched. Another few minutes and tbey would be downstairs once more, when with my brother's stern ideas of duty, and that brutal Captain hunting like some beast for his quarry — Oh ! it was too horrible to bear, and I shuddered at the thoughts of the fugitive's fate. "Good heavens, what can I do?" I men tally exclaimed. " My father would help me were he here, but ray mother would Bay, leave all to my son. And he would shoot htm like a dog," 1 moaned. " I dare notconfide in Pru dence or Andrew. Should I appeal to Charles while alone? No, no, no, I 'dare not. His Btero sense of duty would make him instantly give up the fugitive tocertain death— yes, death and this tho time of foasting and poaco an 1 hope. What should I do ?" My brain swam as these thoughts rushed with madoning swiftness through myinind, but I recovered myself Bomcwhat as I felt that I alone must act, and at once. The men were beginning to descend, and watching my opportunity I was creeping up fctairs, and reaching the passage, was making for tlio haunted room, when i ran right into the arms of Master Barnaby. "Aha, little dove," he said, in a low voico. "then vou have run into the right place at last. Now then what will you do, scream for help, or pay forfeit with those pretty lips?" I struggled to escape, but I dared not cry out, 'for if I did I knew that I might destroy my plans at a time whon life depended upon my silence. "Ah ! I know she would not cry out," said the ruffian as, holding me tightly to Ills breast, he kissed mo again and again, till shuddering and panting, I struggled free, and ran down : the passage, sobbing with rago and shame. "But I must save him," I cried, unlocking the door, tearing out the key, and shutting and securing it, as Barnaby 's heavy step was heard outside. , Then I heard him try tho door, as I crouched npon tho.floor, and finally go, away matter ing. " What will be think of me ? " I moaned, as I listened to his departing step. Then darting to the casemont, I opened it softly, forcing back the frozen snow, which clung to the sill, and crackled at my touch. I could now look down upon the top of the chapol ruins, a mare of dark ivy and d&zzHncr; snow, where, kuowing what I did, I oould just make out the figure of the fugitive cavalier. "Ouickl"! whispored, "this way for your lifo ; ' ami it was nono too soou, for I could hear the men below. There was a dull rnstling among tho ivy, and tho snow foil hero and there as C saw tho figure rise painfully to hands and knees, and begin crawling slowly towards mo. It was evidently only by great effort, and twice over the poor fellow groaned and stopped; but at last, just as ho reached the wall beneath my window, I folt that all was over, for my brother's voico cauio up freely through the frosty air. "Now, Master Barnaby," he said, " there is tho ladder, so gallant a soldier may liko to lead his men to the attack. Your quarry is, I fancy, hidden here, and I would not rob you of your capture and the reward." "Thanks, Captain," cried Barnaby, as I stood there (>etrified, with the ashy appealing fnco below gazing up into mine. His lips movod, and a sadly piteous Btuilo of thanks crossed tho cavalior s face, as his eyes seemed to say, "I can do no more— it is too Into." No, it was not, for as tho ladder rustled on tho frosty ivy, and I saw first the blado of a naked sword, and then a great bluff glovo above the top of the wall, there was a sharp crack, an oath, and«u heavy fall, followo t by a i oar of laughter from the men, aud I knew in- stinctivoly that tho ladder which bore my weight so well bad broken beneath the burly form of the Puritan. It was salvation ; and ovidontly nerved by tbcchnnce to make another otforb,tho figure iu its stiffened clothes rme up, caught tuy bauds, climbed partly in at the open window, and then with a low sigh of pain and misery,sank across the sill, lifeless ana inert. " Oh, quick 1" I moaned, " thoy aro coming to search," "I know," ho said in a boarso whisper "I am spent." "Oh, heaven help us 1" I panted. "Try, try, oucg more." (To be continued). 