.; . .The fUJstwttj'i'it Htaitway. Mr. Surveyor LLirdit) is now nciiriug the * Figtree with'ltho ?permanent survey of the ''''?railway line, 'the final pegs being nl ready put down to opposite Mr.' Clarke's Mount, KciiM Hotel. ,As sl.iled in .1 previous ibsut-, the -Jt 7 1 h u ^uiilejipefj is u few chains .north of wheiethe linn crosses the Bulli Ro.id and Mount Pleusnnt trumw.iy at Fniiy Slo.idow. From thut point ,'tffo line' ti ends westward, forming a 'curve ?which extends to where it outers Mi. Arthur Kobinson's l.md, opposite Mr. Boile's Roy.il ' /Victoiio. flotel. Thence it piococds in . a straight line .\ distance ol 44 chains, or upwards Ji ?,,of,half (i mile, befoie the next curve] com ;,\\- mencRS, near the Mount Keir.i Udilwuy, inch's \- i direction of the dross llo.ids. Some people ' ''think it not improbable 'th.ifc 'the railway ? ' authorities intend or will bo likely to fix the ?' 'btdtion about the 'middle' 'of this straight run ot over half a mile _whioh lies between the '''Mount KeiiM and Mount Pleasant lines, lu that event, the site of 'the station would be at ?' 'itlie rear of Mr.- Robinson's i esidenee, just north '''of the belt ,,--fr, trees ' along G Wynne's Jj,ine. - ,. 'Altogether the sti.iight piece of line referred to ,,, ,, extends fi;om opposite Mr. Bocle's Hotel to jii \vithin nine oh.nns of the Mount Keira rail1 ??-.' wuy,' which is .just three chains south of the '» d8th mile peg. Immediately after crossing the said railw.13', the line passes over a cieek, and then runs nearly parallel with the same on the .' south s-ide until the rear of Mr Hobson's residence, at the Cross Roads, is reached., 'In 'crobbing the ridge traversed ? by the Mount ' ' Keira Goail, tho line turns ptctty ,sliai ply to I the south, -intersecting that road Four 'or five t% ch.iins south of a cottago in die locality. Thence it passes down Mr John' Stewart's ., -paddock, just on the north slope ot a slight hollow which runs between two rising grounds 1 there. Crossing the said hollo, v about opposite , '--halfway down Geaid'.s Hill, the 49ch mile peg ' ib isached. l-\om this point the line pioceeds ' south waid, ciobsing the witeicouiae a bhoic dibtincb above Ghost Biidge. The liiain 10 id ib then followed veiy closely as fai as the peimanent bin vey hf-s ;yot pioceoded, tho line eudeiUly leing lik°ljT to puss close to All. Spence's lesiiience ind the Fi^tiee Post Office, , , voiy neai which will be tli3 50th mile peg ft 0111 1 the Kvuloigh Station, at Redfein TI10 mm cutting the lunow 01 lockspit between the chain pegs along the line is now at woik about 1 half ii 1111I0 noith of the Ivlount Ken a Road, or neai whit is known as Woollmd's vineyuid, oh' which (he lailway will cut the lowei end. The line being kept on the noi th side of the main load ah fai as tho Figtiee, it m not likely to'cioss that loudfoi some consuloi able dibtance soiithwaidb. But should the movement now being cat 1 led on 111 Wollongong to biivo the 1 lai'.way along the east side of the,town 'succeed, it will altei this state of things, so far as between Fuuy Meadow and Ununderra mny be con ceined And in all piobability a good deal of tual sin vey ing will have to be done between ! tho Ma'ciiuaiio locality and Kiama' Viefore' a loute shall have been finally decided upon 'or thatpntlof the Railway. Tho , inhabitants of Jambenn will bo anxious for tlio 'line to pass thiough thaf poison of the district, .whilst. the Shellharboui folk will liot be le.ss dooirous'to^ ]iavo it on then side of .'Turragong Swamp, Taking all cucu instances into consideration, Government should well considur. the claim's of each of th-j localities mentioned before deciding which loute shall be tiken by the rail from the M.icquaue Kivei toKmnn. 