Fiction... Friends and Foes *, or, The Bride of Bernback. A 60MEESETSHIRE TALE. Bt the Atjthob op ' The Caiiph and the Slave,'' ' Tbb Holy Child,' and other Stoetes. Chapter I. By some unaccountable chance or other they seemed to meet everywhere. Go where she would, Mary Rushton always found somebody not far oft, said party having, by the merest accident in the world, had ooca&ion; to pass that ?way, just at the very time when the loveliest girl in Hen bury (or, for the matter of that, in the whole neighbour* ing city of Bristol) was likely to be visible ; and, ' espe cially,' so some old spinster friends spitefully observed* *' when Mrs. RuBhton did not happen to be at hand, guard* isg that epitome of grace and beauty.' If Alderman Xtashton's only daughter presented herself, on a week-day at the Evening Service at the Cathedral, she was sure to sea a tall, darfc-haired young man somewhere in the transept «r standing, perhaps, with a dreamy and abstracted air, before the ancient tomb of the stout Earl of Gloster is one ?f the side-chapels ; or listening at the north door of the choir, (in defiance of Phillips, the grim sacristan) to Corfe's grand organ music ; or kneeling near the well-carved Bishop's throne, absorbed in a fit of devotion, it was quite impossible to object to, or to criticise. If she walked down Park-street, and through College Green on to St. Augustin'e Back, by the side of the ship-crowded 'Float,' there she had again inevitably to meet John Palmer, the well-dressed, handsome artist ; and nothing loath, if the truth must be known (but discreetly and demurely of course) she felt bound to acknowledge his re spectful and impassioned bow, whilst the bright, tell-tale roses freshened immediately on her fair face, do what she would. At first, you know, all this was simply odd, then absolutely absurd and vexatious, but gradually ,~and lastly, a half -expected act of homage which made her young heart flutter with pride and pleasure— knowing that it could not be very long before some similar rencontre must again take place ; so cleverly, so ingeniously planned, that to all eyes, cave those of envy, or maternal solicitude, the whole thing could be nothing but a series of accidents, instead of fresh proof of the audacity and the subtlety of the male sex. Why, the man was in Tindal's Park, sketching, on the sole occasion that she ever ventured on that short cut from Cot iham into the city, and what he then Baid to her I cannot Bay, because I doubt if Mary told it all even to her own mother ; but he must have got some pretty smart rebuff about that time, for the poor fellow was as pale as a ghost when she met him, full face, two days afterwards en the Zig-zag, near St. Vincent's Rocks, and he was still gloomy and disconsolate when she saw him next, which was, I believe, on Brandon Hill, as she crossed with her Welsh friend, Pattie Williams, from Berkeley-square to Clifton, by an unfrequented path. And etill he would look at her whenever he could ; still he assiduously worshipped her afar off. There never was such a pertinacious suitor; whether you openly snubbed him, or treated him coldly, it was all the same. If she did not notice him, he was in a state of abject despair; if she honoured him with a passing smile— a thing it was im possible always to avoid — it seemed to exhilarate him, physically and mentally, like a draught of champagne. But whatever she did, or wherever she went, there he was. Miss Buehton told Miss Williams one day, herself, that she saw turn on the Henbury-road almost every morning, when she accompanied her jolly old father into Bristol to his place of business in the bran new 'family carriage' all ablaze with the Jlushlon arms. And she wondered, of course, at that young man's temerity in thus braving the jealous eye of a parent, not less proud of the beautiful parvenu heiress of Rushtonville than intent on the trade by which he had made his fortune — a trade he now trans acted in a counting-house, though he began it like a man in & dingy little grocer's shop in Small-street, near St. John's gate. But James Rushton, if shrewd in some things, was rather simple in others. Serenely unapproachable in his upstart importance, he never for one moment fancied that any insignificant person like ?' John Palmer, the artist,' would dare to aspire to ths band of his peerless daughter. Perhaps, during his morn ing drives into town, the alderman had sometimes caught a glimpse of that goodly shadow which so often rested on his daughter's footsteps ; but, if he marked the man, he wisely made light of the matter. Once only did he condescend to epeak upon the Bubject. 'Why, Mary,' said he, 'I declare there ib Mr. Palmer, your old drawing master. 'What on earth brings him out this way so early ?' And Mary (looking steadfastly before her) said to her papa, in a faint, low voice, ' I am sure I don't know.' But Miss Sushton somehow did not much care about going into town and back on the following morning ; and, as she stopped at borne, her mother, unusually oracular and mysterious in her parental utterances, expatiated, in her own homely fashion and to the utter confusion of her H's, on the necessity that there was for every young lady to ' 'Old 'er 'ead hup amongst 'er hequals,' not demeaning herself by a bad match —an abstract proposition which the darling child disdained to discuss, and which therefore died away into an unsatis factory silence. What further debate may have taken place that night between the anxious parental couple on this lather delicate subject it is not for me to surmise. Mary was, for a while, so testy and so wayward that the faithful and well-beloved Pattie declared her to be absolutely un bearable. Then things came to a climax, for here was a passionate burst of tears, quick recrimination, and mutual forgiveness, followed by long confidential conversations carried on in whispers, interrupted with ringing silvery laughter, and then — every thine; went on as before. Only Mary (who had been well educated and was really clever) aoon afterwards thought proper to be very undutif ully hard upon the Rushton 'Harms:' insisting that a 'certain coachmaker's inventive heraldry was far inferior to his evident skill as a painter, or he would surely never have ventured to put 'metal on metal,' or have rashly con founded an estoile with a mere calthrop. Not that it mattered much, because it was all such an empty, such a pitiful sham. She rained down a perfect shower of sarcasms upon that luckless coat of arms, assumed for the house of Rushton, until the good-natured Pattie Williams— who numbered the Tudors and Boleyns in her ancestry — was totally out of countenance, and, in spite of herself, nearly suffocated with suppressed laughter. Every polished shaft of this covert ridicule, however, fell harm lessly on the thick and devoted head of Daddy Rushton, as he sat placidly in his arm-chair by the fireside after the fatigues of the day, indifferent to the laws of heraldry, and dozing over the broad sheet of the Bristol Jfirror — a paper, like himself, eminently dull, respectable, and prosperous. On the other hand, though Mary's saucy witticisms were ** heathen Greek to her, poor Mrs. Rushton was instinctively and painfully aware that some very hard hits were flying about like bees— such as were not the less unacceptable and palpable because they glanced away from the panoply of the old alderman's happy ignorance; and grateful did the worthy matron feel to Miss Williams, when she at length ran suddenly and unasked to the piano, where, dashing off one of Thalberg'e brilliant fantasias, she effectually put a stop, for that time at all events, to Mary's mischievous and most reprehensible remaifcs. Chatter II. James Rushton, for many years, bragged that he came into Bristol from Taunton penniless, when a lad not 12 years old— ft poor orphan boy ' athout a farden in his pocket7'— and that he had worked his way up from nothing to the position of a wealthy and thriving tradesman, fie bad, however, long since prudently checked himself in these vulgar boasts, ' willing,' as he said, to ' let bygones be bygones, and to look to the present and future ; ' but he perfectly well remembered his past hiBtory, for all that He began life as an errand boy, and toiled on till he owned a small huxter's stall in Broadmead ; and so, step bv Btep, tfdrasced until he was able to own that dingy shop in .Small-street, where, at the age of 35, he married his old sweetheart Polly Hex, whose dashing figure, bright smile, and dark eyes had bewitched him from the very first hour that he saw her, sitting, with twenty other girls, in St. James's Church, in the picturesque dress of the Red Maids' School, full fifteen years before. And the good taste and sterling judgment of the well-to- do grocer in his choice were incontestable, for a handsomer woman than his wife and a more sensible, hard-working, and faithful helpmate was not to be found anywhere in Gloucestershire or Somerset— only, as a Bristolian ehe murdered her aitches, and her husband now made wild work with them too. Respecting her origin, there was, it must be confessed, some little mystery, which Mrs. Rushton never cared to talk about, and which may perhaps have caused her so long, and with a bursting heart, to refuse the honest, straightforward suit of Rushton when he begged her to become his wife. At last, one Sunday afternoon, in the church-path between Redland and Bristol, she told him something, with tears in her eyes, at which he laughed heartily, and swore it was about the'best joke he had heard for years. Said she was a great fool, and that he ' wouldn't stand her nonsense no longer, that he wouldn't ;'' and, after being as rude as a bear and as merry as a cricket, went off, and in the most daring manner ' put up the banns.' Of course she didn't care to forbid them; it might have made people talk. And so she married him because he would not take no for his answer, and proud she was of her husband; looking up to him with as much quiet con centrated admiration when he taught her how to sell soap, candles, end sugar by the pound, as when he came home to their country-house a full-blown Bristol alderman. Yet her lineage was more than doubtful; for, if the truth must be told, she was found in the open air, when apparently not more than a few days old, by a retired tradesman— the mild old Quaker named Richard Harford-— during one of his morning walks on Durdham Down. The little one, crying piteously, was wrapped up in a ragged shawl, and stowed away in an old market-basket, without eo much as one line to say to whom she belonged. [And it was just at this point in the explanations that the grocer interjected such eloquent, appropriate, and passionate com ments as put an end to all further controversy and seriously damaged the best Sunday bonnet.] Old Harford, in his childlike simplicity and earnest good faith, took up the basket at once, and carried home the poor innocent to his own childless Rachel. That worthy couple brought up the girl between them till she was nearly twelve years old, when Friend Richard's influence with the Bristol merchants got her into the Red Maids' School, where she was taught to be good and useful ; learning to read, write, and sew, and to work for her daily bread. It was only when she came to be an inmate of that well-known institution that the parson of the parish discovered, to his infinite horror and amazement, that she had never been christened, and at once insisted upon per forming the necessary rite, to the disgust of her old Quaker Friends. She very narrowly escaped being named ' Mary Harford,' to the breathless consternation of the decent old parish clerk, who, with some difficulty, dissuaded his im pulsive and reverend superior from the unauthorised use of a surname which might perhaps give rise to some scandal. ' But she must have a surname, Wilson,' said the rector, testily ; ' that I insist upon. Suppose we give her yours.' At which the thin, lantern-jawed, clerk looked up with a deprecatory air, quite frightened and uncomfortable ; for Mrs. Wilson was dreadfully jealous and a woman with a most awful temper. However, the difficulty was quickly got over by the facetious and purple-faced divine, whose eyes rested, just at that critical moment, upon a hideous blazonry of the Royal Arms, hung up like a hatch ment near the font, and surmounted by the gilded inscription of 'Gcorgius Rex.' 'RexJ Rex!' said the rector; ' Rex will do very well.' And 'Rex' it was. So the sobbing, terrified child was forthwith baptised as *? Mary Bex,' in partial honour, as I suppose, to his late MostJGraciouB Majesty King George the Third. She was nothing to the Harfords, in spite of the sarcasms of that weil-fed, dogmatic Levite, who (like Sydney Smith), with a vast parade of liberality, could never forego'his savage sneer at a Dissenter, but who grievously wronged the good old follower of George Fox by his un worthy suspicions. Still there might possibly have been some faint and momentary revival of those vague surmises in the minds of a few when old Harford, of Redland, was gathered to his forefathers, and unexpectedly left all his well-earned money 'to James and Mary Rushton, of Small-street,' to the mute indignation of his wealthy far away kinsmen — the Harfords, of Blaize Castle, and the Seaudretts, the Akermanns, and the Tothills, of Bristol. But Richard Harford and his loving, little, placid wife both rested peacefully under the green sod of the Friends' Burial Ground at Pucklechurch, where they needed no lying epitaph, for they left after them an honoured and unblemished name. So that now you know why Mrs. Rushton's surname was originally Rex ; and you will perhaps clearly, once for all, understand that, as a matter of fact, she could not claim to be kith and kin to the aristo cratic Rexes of Oxfordshire. It would not be fair, after having thus ruthlessly re vealed the family secrets of theRushtons, for me to refuse to say somewhat regarding the genealogical tree of Mary Rushton's admirer, John Palmer ; and as I value myself upon being a strictly impartial annalist, I must now tell you in another chapter all that I know about that young man and his mother, who lived together in a quaint old house on St. Michael's Hill, not far from the church, Chapter III. Mrs. Jane Palmer (the mother of Mary's very substantial and indefatigable shadow) was the only daughter of the Reveiend Lewis Floyd, rector of a small mountain village in the north of Wales, the name of his cure having in it about five L's and three W's— more or less. Here he read prayers and preached in the Ancient British tongue for upwards of twenty years ; and here, God knows how, was reared, in all credit and honour, a fine family of children, more than a half a-dozen of boys, on the magnificent income of forty pounds a year. I cannot, however, venture to say that the Welsh parson felt ' passing rich ' with that tremendous afiiwM sum ; and the more so, seeing that it was not all stipend, but came in (a good deal of it) in driblets — tithes, upon trivial matters and things, that the Saxon would have snorted at in the rich valleys of the western counties of England. You will, I hope, not expect me to give you the real name of that nook in the Welsh High lands, for no Englishman has ever yet been able to pro nounce it ; and even to write it down correctly is said to be equally difficult. But this I can tell you, the Rev. Lewis Flovd's cure was in a wild and beautiful epot near Snowden, and* in the so-called parsonage did the tenth child of the half -starved clergyman come into the world one bleak, wintry morning, the only girl out of the whole lot. She wonted more care, you would think, than any of them, but she had far less than all ; for her patient, long-suffering mother only lived to look upon her infant, and then turned her face to the wail, and died. Yet Jane grew up, in spite of evil augury, and was a strong stout girl of 10 years old when poor Lewis Floyd followed his partner, long-sorrowed for and unforgotteh ; leaving three younger sons and his youngest child totally unprovided for. What became of these hardy, any more than of the rest of the boys, I know not ; doubtless they fell like cats upon their feet, and scrambled on in life. What concerns us is that an old maiden lady, one of the time-honoured House of Powys, vegetating on a scanty annuity, heard of the sad bereave ment, and sent and took little Jenny, bringing her up, half companion, half servant, in a pretty cottage at Loxton, in Somerset— a small, wood-environed village at the foot of Crookspeak, in one of the green valleys of the Mendip. In this lovely and salubrious spot (trom the adjacent heights of which Bhe could see the distant hills of her native princi pality) Jane Floyd grew up to womanhood, a model of health and comeliness. Constantly and intimately asso ciated with a real gentlewoman, she insensibly ac quired the quiet, .ladylike manners of her mistress, and learned xnanv of her accomplishments ; not wholly forgetting her mother Welsh, but speaking English with a faultless purity and elegance that often made the Honorabla Miss Powys store with astonishment. Yet, about two Tears before the decease of her kind patroness, (who at length died in her arms) Jane Floyd had asked leave to quit her service and get married to a village stonemason named Palmer, twenty or thirty years older than herself ; and what surprised and exasperated the Hon.. Alicia Powys more than all was this that it was actually and prepos terously to be a love match. ' The very idea, Jane, of your marrying and loving a man old enough to be your father ! And such a man, too ; a mere country lout— ugly, middle-aged, and ignorant.' And then Jane's Welsh blood boiled up like liquid fire, and, with Hashing eyes, the Honorable Alicia was angrily and stubbornly defied, and Jane Floyd became Jane Palmer. A strangely nappy match it turned out after all ; for there was a depth and patience in the heartfelt devotion of that homely Somerset shire man which endeared him to his beautiful and spirited wife more than tongue can tell. She loved him passionately. From the time of their marriage till the day of his death (rather less than five years afterwards^ not one cross word had ever passed between them. Not _ a breath ever ruffled the halcvon calm; it was a life of unbroken happiness, until one terrible day John Palmer, the elder, was brought home pale ana bleed ing on a shutter, and gently laid upon his bed to die. A fall from some scaffolding had taken place, and when the doctor examined the battered body of the village mason he shook his head solemnly and sadly, but said nothing. Two days and two nights she tended nun as he lay in silent agony or feebly wandering in his mind. Even in that dreadful time Jane Palmer could see and hear that his thoughts were only of her. At last the dying man turned suddenly to the loving woman, and whispered something painfully and faintly, which she caught at once : ' Jenny, lenune zee the bwov.' The mother held her boy's sweet baby face down to that of his father, who kissed the lad softly, and then all was over. That great, sad change came on slowly and silently, which we all must expect to see. And Mrs. Palmer, with her sleeping child locked in her arms, wept long and bitterly by her husband's death-bed. He was buried in Loxton chinch -yard, near a gothic archway, under the tower serving at once as a lychgate, a porch, and a belfry to the sacred edifice ; and the widow (whom the thrift and industry of her lamented helpmate had left with a modest competence) lived for several years hard by, in the pretty cottage where her happy married life had been spent— her child growing up from infancy to be a handsome youth, tall, active, high-spirited, and strong, able to run like a deer up and down the steep slopes of the Men dip, fond of reading and gardening, and very fond of angling in the neighbouring trout streams, but apparently not much disposed to any more serious pursuits. Only at times he would manifest a rather fitful and restless in clination for roving about the adjacent highlands with his sketch- book, and would occasionally sit for hours on Crook's Peak, silently counting the 22 churches which can, it ie said, be seen from that command ing eminence, and dreaming, as clever, solitary lads will dream — an enthusiastic lover of scenery, with aspira tions dimly understood and but half developed. The fond mother's anxiety, from day to day, was gradually awakened, and one morning, when the old Vicar Moredun paid her a pastoral visit, she consulted him about her son. ' What does he do that is amiss f' asked the Parson. And Mrs. Palmer could say nothing worse of him than that he seemed greatly unsettled ; eternally busy with pen, pencil, or paint-brush. ' There is not much harm in that, Dame,' sad the Vicar, good naturedlv ; ' but let me look over his work.' Whereupon Jane Palmer (as Johnnie was away on the hills in one of bis wandering moods), with a heavy sigh, brought out from an old bookcase some of her son's precious productions — several English versifications of Welsh legends he had learned from herself, and a small pile of his untaught drawings in pencil, sepia, and colours. The Vicar skimmed over the boy's verses and shrugged his shoulders, but he paused long over the lad's efforts with pencil and palette, until he at length rose and walked to the window, with a thoughtful air. ' Well, sir,' said the half -weeping mother, ' what do you think about all this ? What do you think I ought to do with him?' 'Madam,' replied Mr. Mordun, ' I can have no difficulty in advising you after what I have just seen. You will do well to leave this place at once, and go where the lad may get good masters, such as can best foster and guide his inborn . genius. You had better take him to Bristol, and there let him follow the natural bent of his inclinations. In my opinion he is already as artist ; that he will be one, if he goes on as he has begun, there can be no doubt.' And so it came to pass that the widow and her son, who was ' the light of her eyes and the joy of her heart,' loft Loxton and went to reside in the chief city of the south-west, where, after five years of patient industry and incessant study under a painter of no mean ability, John Floyd Palmer abundantly fulfilled the prediction of the shrewd and accomplished Vicar of Loxton. No longer a mere scholar, or even a plodding teacher -oi drawing, he was acknowldged to-be a rising artist; one whose boldly-executed and elaborately -finished landscapes in water-colours alreadv fetched good prices, and were be ginning to be favourably talked of, even by the art-critics in London. This is how the young artist stood on Fortune's ladder, when, for the first time, he fell in love, and so grew ?' grossly captive' to the charms of Miss Mary Rushton. Chapter IV. In the large, handsomely furnished dining-room at Rushtonville two old gentlemen sat, one evening, by the bbuting fireside, chatting amicably and cozily over their wine, discussing the state of tho Russian markets in the matter of tallow, with the present outcome of sperm candles and soap, and digressing, every now and then, into other topics of common interest, wherein municipal matters were not forgotten. The two ladies of the house, mother and daughter, had retired, and Mr. Rushton and his portly guest seemed more than half disposed to make a night of it, a joint speculation having turned out remarkably well, realizing a margin of profit which afforded both of the friends undisguised satisfaction. Rushton 'punished' . his old port, without misgivings as to the possibility of an attack of gout, and Mr. George Watson, of Staple ton (also an alderman of Bristol), drew upon his old crony's wonderful, far»travelled Madeira, with an unsparing liberality, creditable to his personal taste and civic dignity, until both of their tongues were somewhat loosened, and their utterances rendered indistinct. The two old boys at length waxed jolly and confidential, especially when Mr. Watson ventured to express his fervent admira tion for Miss Rushton, whom he declared to be the finest ?? gal' he had seen for a month of Sundays, and whom he believed, from what he had just seen of her, to be not less witty than beautiful. ' The fellow that gets her for a wife,' said he, ' will, indeed, be a very fortunate man.' Old Rushton coughed, with an air of increased importance and ill-dissembled complacency, smacked his lips after another glass of the ruby, and emitting a hog-like grunt of acquiescence, fixed his eyes steadily on the fire. ' Mary is a good girl too, Watson,' said the proud father, ' mind that; not less good than beautiful, although I say so as shouldn't.' ' Heart whole still, I suppose,' said Watson, in a half whisper, but with an assumption of indifference. ' Oh, certainly; yes, of course. The right man has not come into the market yet. When he does, he shall have £30,000 with her— on her wedding-day.' ' What sort of man do you expect him to be, Rushton ?' said Mr. Wateon, with defereniial air. 'Between our selves, you know. Must have a title, I suppose, eh ?' Rushton thought not No; certainly not He was a true blue Tory, an old *' Church and King ' man vou see, because that was his party, but in his heart he hated aris tocrats, and he had his own ideas (in the main sensible enough) about all unequal marriages. 'No,' said the merchant sturdily. 'Mary shall never wed a lord, to look down on the old woman and me. Let her marry in her own station, George, when the proper time comes'— a statement of opinion which obviously afforded Watson much satisfaction, though he said nothing just then. After awhile, however, the conversa tion having turned upon schools and colleges, the alder man from Stapleton spoke in high terms of his eldest son, William, who had just finished his studies at the London University, and was, by all accounts, a wonderfully clever young man; great in mineralogy and geology, and un rivalled in astronomy and chemistry. ' Education is a grand thing,' said Watson, 'and so is chemistry. Nothing is done now-a-days without it. My son, you must know, is a very great chemist ; always a making physic and gases, and such like.' 'Chemist?' said Rushton disdainfully. ' Did you say chemist ? Why surely he could have done better than that. Of all the nasty beggarly trades that 'pothecary Ehop business is to my mind the worst. I'd have made him something better than that, any way.' 'My son is a gentleman and a scholar,' said Watson hotly, ' he only studies chemistry to amuse himself, Mr. HuEhton. It is all the go now. Beats Latin and Greek hollow everywhere, even at the 'varsities.' 'Oh* I see,' returned Rushton, drily. 'We live and learn, you know.' 'And I can give him £30.000 when he marries, if he marries as I wish,' cried the other old man significantly. Whereupon its two old fellows winked at each other pleasantly, clinked glasses, and whispered together. ' I'm agreeable,' said Rushton after a brief confab ; ' I'm quite agreeable ; but you muBt settle on her the house and grounds at Stapleton.' And the other aged conspirator consented to the bargain, or domestic treaty, after some siight demur. 'Mind, I won't have her forced, you know,' said James Rushton, loftily. ' He must court her like a man ; then if so be Bhe likes him, it's a match. And there's my hand on it Let me see ; she was aiteen years old last May.' The bargain was eagerly ratified by Alderman Watson, and after two or three more glasses between them, the bell was rung for the guests carriage. ' Say good night to the ladies for me,' muttered Watson, huskily, at the hall door ; and stepping leisurely into his comfortable carriage, the visitor was whirled away to his own grand house at Stapleton, anxious to inform tho ' Missis' of what was in store for their hopeful son. Mr. Rushton waddled across the hall into the drawing* room, where he found his better half asleep over her knit ting, while Mary was sitting listlessly at the open piano ; but as her father entered the young heiress dashed off into a really tremendous piece of music, as if resolved to drive away gloomy thoughts, unconscious of the sagacious plans which had been laid down for the happy disposal or her hand. Her father soon stoppfd that resounding crash, and declaring, dogmatically, there was no earthly tune in all that rattle, told her to sing ' summat.' ' What shall I sing you, papa P' asked the girl. ' Oh, anything ; what you like ; please yourself.' The good man of Rushtonville settled himself heavily in his armchair opposite the old lady, and his daughter tossed over her music hurriedly and recklessly, as if searching for some favourite. Having found it she began Miss Gabriel's tender and melancholy song of ' When Swallows Build,' throwing her whole soul into the wild and despairing strain, until her father looked up at her with a dull sur prise ; feeling the passionate vehemence and sorrow of the composition, though he was totally unable to understand the words. Having finished, unbidden tears started into the eyes of the wayward and gifted songstress ; but she rose hastily from the instrument, and, with a forced laugh at her astonished father, ran to her mother, whom she woke up with a gaiety that discomposed that good soul not less than the alderman. '-I'm blessed if I can understand either you or your songs,' growled Rushton : but Mary made no reply. She kissed both of her parents in silence, and lighting a taper moved off to bed. 'What's up with Mary, Polly?' said the alderman to his helpmate. ' Nothing, James, nothing,' 6aid Mrs. Rushton, rather drowsily. ' Look here,' said the merchant, energetically ; ' look here. Just you listen to me!' And Mrs. Rushton did look up and listen ; for James Rushton was not a man to be trifled with or disobeyed, even by his lawful, honoured wife. So there was a very long and serious conversation between the old couple on Mary's prospects, with the details of which it is unnecessary to trouble our reader*. Chapter V. The first practical result of the domestic conference be tween Mr. and Mrs. Rushton was that preparations for an. ominously grand dinner party were at once initiated at Rushtonville, of the end and object of which Mary was judiciously Kept in ignorance. Now, our heroine cordially hated dinner parties everywhere, declaring them to be, as a rule, outrageously slow ; and dinner parties at Henbury were, it must be confessed, of all others, pre-eminently stupid. The talk at them generally ran on the tallow trade and municipal squabbles ; diversified now and then by the insufferable monologues of some stray notability, attracted by the prospect of a good feed, who dogmatised like tho Pope of Rome for every one else, but who, unlike the Pope, did not mercifully confine his dictation to matters of pole* mical theology. There were, as Miss Rushton said, on such occasions, ' oceans of dreary talk,' but no conversa tion ; no sparkling interchange of animated thought ; mero one-sided disquisitions that wearied all thelisteners. ' Theso clever men,' said Mary to Pattie Williams, ' are, no doubt, very learned, overflowing with knowledge and— conceit ; but my dear, they do not know how to converse. I have noticed that often. You courageously fctm-t a oubject, light and airy as a butterfly, but they are too much for you. They come swooping down upon it, and snap it up like a voracious bird. I know them, my dear; they are conversation killers, not conversationalists. The most innocent remark you can' possibly make is seized upon by these hungry human vultures, as if it were a mere nook whereon to hang up some odious lecture upon one of the 'ologies' — just as if one had not been over-crammed with all that sort of thing, to suffocation, at school. I ventured on a harmless pleasantry once in the presence of Dr. Price, as to the length of an elephant's nose, and he lectured me for a full half hour afterwards on the nasal cavity of the dinotherium, 'that remarkable extinct animal whose cranial bones are found in miocene formations in Germany.' ' ' I wish to goodness you would let me finish my letter,1 » said Pattie, laughing, 'instead of lying there growling like a learned tigress. I remember the occasion you refer to, and I have not forgotten the savage onslaught which you made on the unhappy sage. It was too bad altogether, for you know he was only trying to entertain you.' ' Oh, yes, no doubt; ' said Mary, sulkily,' and to in struct me, I suppose, at the same time, with all that egotism and intolerable assumption of superiority most men think it polite and proper to lavish upon us women. I hate these scientific prigs, and I cordially resent being ' improved * after that fashion. If you are in a drawing-room, you can, of course, get away from these people, but what can vou do when stuck fast for two mortal hours in a dining'- room, close to one of these carnivorous monsters ? It is absolutely maddening to think of it I prefer the old feeble talk oa the tallow trade, and even that last venerable joke in the City Council.' ' Really, Mary,' said Pattie, looking up with a serious air, ' you must learn to control your tongue. These sar« casins on your kind old father ? ' ' There, there ; do go on with your letter,' said her friend fretfully, ' and, above all things, iotftpreach. I hate sermons, as old Queen Bess did. You write, and I'll doze on the sofa over this novel. But, Pattie, I have just this one simple word to sav.' ' Well, what is it ?*' said the confidante. ' That I won't stay here for this party, to be bored with .tallow or twaddle. That I am resolved upon. You are going back to Berkeley- square to-morrow r Very ? well ; I'll go with you, and plague you there for a week until thig heavy dinner is over.' Miss Williams shook her head deprecatmgly, and went on with her letter, whilst the brilliant little heiress, having resumed her book, turned leisurely round and went off intoj a deep and pleasant sleep. When Pattie's letter was finished, she rose and crossed the room to her friend, who lay sleeping profoundly ; in that attitude of unconscious grace which is peculiar to the young. Her book had dropped from her hand upon the carpet, and a half smile of singular sweetness hovered over her beautiful features. Well, well ; if John Floyd Palmer had only seen her then. The maiden sighed in her slumber, and her lips began to move as if she were about to speak ; but the faithful guardian of her friend's thoughts bent over her, and kissed her into waking consciousness, until Mary wonderingly opened her dark blue eyes. ' Oh ; its only you,' she said. ' Yea, only me,' replied Pattie, half resentfully. ' Only me, Mary. You don't dream about me now ? ' Mary did not answer Pattie Williams, but turned her head away ; not, however, before a burning flush was seen to rise quickly over her face. ' ' What next might have been said cannot even be gnessect at, for the door of the prettv, handsomely furnished apart ment (half boudoir, half bedroom), opened suddenly, and Mrs. Rushton, with marks of dissatisfaction, not to say consternation, on her comely visage, came in and threw her* self wearily into an arm-chair. ' What on earth am I to do, my dears F ' said the matron, ' I vow I am that worrited that I am tired to death. Here's Jackson has sent to say that he can't let us have the two pheasants as he promised us; and cook has turned sulky, and says point blank that she won't have nothing to do with the tiling of a 'am in champagne. She says it is out« landiEh and unheard of, that the will sot take tbB respon eibility of Euch a thing ; still your father, Mary, eays it mutt be done, and what he says is law. What are you laughing at, you provoking young puss? That s always the way; you leave everything to me. Oh, bother these grand dinners, I say. I wish to heaven it was all over.' ' So do I, too, mamma,' said her undutiful daughter, merrily 'What on earth do you trouble yourself about Rich things for? Let Susan manage the whole; she will do it all again very well, as she often has before.' ' Your father saye the 'am must bebiled in champagne,' returned Mrs. Bushton, solemnly, ' and I dursn't cross him ia jt-» ? at which the two girls burst into a sudden shout of laughter, wherein the elder lady eventually joined. ' Well,' said the mistress of the house, wiping her eyes after a minute or two, ' I must say it does seem to be rather a queer start. I suppose I shall have to superintend thiebiling of die 'am myself.' ' Mamma,' said the heiress, demurely, ' I am going to Berkeley Square to-morrow.' ' Oh, certainly dear,' replied her mother, cheerfully, 'whatever you like. But you will have to be back soon, for the dinner is to come oft on Thursday. We can send the carriage for you and Pat tie in the morning.' ' But 1 don't want to be at the dinner, mamma ; neither I am sure does Pattie.' Mrs. Bushton was one of the most even-tempered, easy going, good old creatures alive, but she looked at both of the young women with an air of perplexity, and audibly expressed her astonishment. ' I bate these grand dinners,' continued Mary, pouting, ' they are so formal, so absurd, and so horribly dull.' ' Lawk-a- daisy, Mary,' ejaculated Mrs. Bushton, ' you are the oddest girl I ever see. But you must come, you know,' said the matron, ' or your Father will go on terrible. He's that set on this dinner that I dursn't even tell him what you say.' ' Suppose I don't choose ? queries Mary, saucily. 'Don't choose? said the mother, hastily. 'But you must. Why, what will your father say ?' ' I am sure I cannot tell, mamma.' ?' But I can. I can tell you what he'll say,' said Mrs. Bushton, angrily, ' and he'll say the truth. He will say that his daughter is too grand, too proud, to be with him that she is ashamed of us both.' And so it was arranged that Mary should grace the dinner with her presence, and that her father should not bear one word of her rebellious wish to stop away. ' I'm afeard,' said Mrs. Bushton, thoughtfully, to the sympathetic Pattie, about an hour afterwards, when her daughter was not present, ' I'm most afeard we've spoiled that gal. She's that wilful and humoursome of late that I often have the heartache about her.' ' Is it wonderful that we should all conspire to spoil her?' asked Pattie, warmly. ' Who can see her, and help loving her?' 'That's true, my dear,' said the gratified mother; ' that is perfectly true. She is a winsome thing ; now, isn't she ? But hush, here she comes.' And then Mary ran into the room, dressed for dinner, so radiant in beauty and brimful of fun that the mother and the friend more than once exchanged glances of triumphant approbation, before Old Buehton joined the social party. And thus that family dinner passed off with an eclat which augured well for the yet grander affair in prospect, the first move of the paternal conspirators. Chaftek VI. The great day, the day of the dinner party, came at last, and the two girls, in Mary's room at Bushtonville, engaged in the mysteries of an elaborate toilette, were busily pre paring themselves for the grand event. Martha Williams, with her magnificent hair hanging down over her white peignoir, like a long dark veil, was standing before a large mirror brushing out everv persistent curl, and listening to the animated remarks of her friend, who sat (by preference) with a small hand-glass in her arm chair, for the same general purpose, and was talking over the expected guests. One of them was to be a world-renowned traveller recently returned from the East, - whose book both girls had read, descriptive of many a desert region in Arabia and the Holy Land. Mary had seen him, and obviously felt a more than usual interest in his appearance, his manners, and bis attainments. He had told her some things about Mount Sinai, and the secluded monastery of St. Catherine, which had pleased her, and these particulars she communicated to Pattie in glowing terms, and with a picturesque fidelity of detail to which Pattie listened admiringly and in silence. Amongst her other [peculiarities, Mary Bushton was an enthusiastic churchwoman — orthodox to the back bone; and she evidently rejoiced over certain topographical facts which she had picked up after this Asiatic Lion (as she called him) ; data which she daringly declared to be totally opposed to some of the sceptical lucubrations of the Heresiarch Colenso. She expatiated on her topic with a warmth and eloquence that amazed her more sedate friend, less familiar with such matters of controversy. ' What sort of man is he, Mary ? ' said Pattie, when the oracular little heiress paused, and flung herself back in the chair. 'Oh! 'a very proper man,' of course,' says Mary, laughingly. ??♦And he speaks well,' eh? judging from what you Bay?' ' Very well indeed, Pattie, and not too much of it at a time, you know. You are not unpleasantly silenced by his erudition, but have even to draw him out a little ; for, if anything, he is rather shy. But his words though few are well-selected and to the point; and, like all the really talented men I have ever seen, he is modest and unptesum ing. I like him much, and so will you too. His conver sation is, no doubt, instructive, but he never humiliates you by making you feel your inferiority. I consider Mr. L— — to be essentially a gentleman.' Martha Williams threw a quick sidelong glance at Marv when this was said by her, and seemea rather amused. But Miss Bushton was languidly caressing her spaniel Fido, with an absent air, either unconscious of, or indifferent to her friend's scrutiny. ' What age ? ' asked Pattie, briefly. 'Fifty, or fifty-five, or « By'r Lady inclining to three score,'' was the Shakespearean answer. 'Quite a 6afe person, dear, if that's what you mean. Tall and thin, with high forehead, dark complexion, and gray hair. He is to sit next yon at dinner.' ' I am glad of that,' said Pattie, 'just the man I like. And who will be next you ? ' 'Oh, I don't know,' answered Mary, with a yawn. ' Old Watson's son, I think ; a young chrysalis fresh from the London University, with red hair— mad upon geology, natural history, and chemistry ; all things I abhor.' ' Including the red hair ? ' 11 That of course.' ' I hear he is very clever,' said Pattie, colouring, as she etood with her handsome face towards the glass. ' And moreover,his hair, though light, iB not to be slandered as nd.' ? ' Have yon ever met him then, Pattie ? ' asked Mary. 'No,' said Miss Williams, facing her friend, for a moment, ' I have not. But I heard him deliver a lecture on chemistry at the Park Street Institute. Mamma and I were very much pleased with him.' It was now Miss Bushton 's turn to feel amused, and *o ehe said saucily : *? I apologize for the red hair, dear. I beg to withdraw that expression. We will qualify the obnoxious tint, if you please, aB auburn.'' ' It is not gray, at any rate,' retorted Pattie, with some spirit. ' Just bo,' said Mary, with a satirical gravity, ' so take care of your heart, Pattie, dear. He is an only son, and his father iB as rich as a Jew, and quite as vulgar as any one of that most ancient race whom I ever nave chanced to meet.' Before this select committee of two the rest of the guests were then all passed in single file, like the royal ghosts in Macbeth ; but nothing further of any importance was said , except that Miss Bushton was, as a finale, rather severe upon poor Mra. Watson, the parent butterfly of- the learned chrysalis. The conversational powers of that elderly lady were described as wofully limited; the principal topics being the exact state of the weather, the last sermon of the fiev. Mr. Blazes at the Mayor's Chapel, and the misery of being subject to chilblains. ' That last subject,' my dear Pattie, said Mary, ' is, I regret to say, the key ? dominant ; any sympathetic attention, therefore, that you can bestow upon it will be gratefully accepted and more than repaid. I have tried it sometimes, just for the fun of the thine, ! myself. Praise and admiration of the Chrysalis will, no Oimbt, eleo be very highly appreciated.' ? Here Mary broke off abruptly ; for Pattie, with a red face and half vexed, was stopping her ears with both hands, protesting loudly against all her friend's wicked suggestions and deductions ; wherefore the subject was changed, by mutual consent, to a general and particular discussion of the all important question of dress. The deliberations and conclusions of the two friends as to coiffure and costume, aided and carried out, as they donbt less were, by the deft hands and experienced skill of Mary's pretty little ladys'maid, commanded an entire success, and never did Mary Bushton loek better than when she descended into the drawing-room that evening with Miss Williams, ready to assist her mother in the reception of her guests. Miss Bushton was richly, yet withal simply dressed ; wearing the costliest fabrics, and much of that valuable jewellery which the Bristol merchant bestowed on his darling child as proofs of his love and wealth. Her friend's toilet, was, perhaps, less expensively elaborate, but it was equally perfect; the colours of her dress being exactly suited to her dazzling complexion and faultless shape— that of an intellectual Hebe or pensive Venus, full of womanly grace and aristocratic beauty. She was taller than Mary, but far less demonstrative and brilliant; a quiet, almostqueen-likc repose, being one of her distinguish ing characteristics. Mary Bushton wasdecidedlyof a much slighter build than Pattie, but her somewhat less developed form was instinct with life and energy, her eyes dark and often restless ; her face rounder and rosier than that of her friend, with soft silky brown hair that curled naturally, and fell in masses on either side of her neck. Her uncovered arms were remarkably plump and white; and her hands and feet particularly &mall;— the former unusually so, thus exhibiting a striking protest against those well-known vulgar common-places about persons of plebeian origin. Nothing could possibly be more symmetrical and lovely than Mary Bushton's hands — they were absolute perfection from the small ivory wrist to the pink finger-nails ; and the fair, tapering fingers were loaded with exquisitely gemmed rings, worn to please her father's affection and pardonable pride. As the two came in together, hand in hand, what wonder that the mother's heart swelled high with admira tion for them both ; proud of her darling Mary, and almost equally proud of her companion ? Old Bushton started with well pleased surprise, kissed his daughter fondly, and extended to her friend a very cordial and fatherly welcome ; such as, from its gravity and courtesy, threw over him a real dignity as he stood there to receive his guests. Mary saw it with a sudden thrill of pleasure that seemed to glorify her beauty, and perhaps for the very first time in her life she felt actually proud of the old tallow merchant. Chapter VII. The party, as far as its material accidents were concerned, went off happily, for the cuisine, notwithstanding Mrs. Bushton's melancholy vaticinations, proved all that could be desired, the dinner being served with such elegance, silence, and order that even the fastidious taste of the heiress was gratified. Moreover, between the two senior gentle men municipal politics were practically held in abeyance, and City Council anecdotes ignored ; while the Asiatic lion roared gently — 'gently as a sucking dove,' and the chrvsalis ate his dinner with a smiling rapidity and unde niable appetite, charming to the kind lady of the house and amusing to her daughter. None, however, could have guessed that from Mary's face, which was as calm and im penetrable as that of the Sphynx. Miss Williams was ob viously enjoying the well-bred, golden remarks of the Oriental traveller, and seemed delighted at gaining knowledge without being convicted of ignorance, when young Mr. Watson, Dr. of Philosophy, &c;, thought it high time for him to enter the lists, and do his best to entertain the beautiful but silent young lady beside him, who furtively surveyed him from time to time with faint signs of curiosity. A Mr. Priestley having been casually mentioned by somebody at the table, as a friend of Dr. Lent Carpenter, Mr, William Watson inquired eagerly ' if he was anything to the great Dr. Priestley, who in 1770 first announced his in valuable discoveries, in oxygen, ammoniaeal, hydrochloric, and sulphurous gases ? ' And being politely informed that the party referred to was one of that gifted family, he ap peared to be greatly interested, and promptly confided his ideas thereupon to Miss Bushton, who listened with much suavity to his observations. 'Everything, even re motely relating to chemistry,' ' he said 'was fraught to him with deep importance, for that science was one of all others in which he delighted.' Mary smiled blandly on the young man and softly expressed her own fervent admiration for all natural science, encouraging the inexperienced swain to mount his favourite hobby with an innocently alluring air, which made Pattie (who sat opposite to them) turn pale with indignation. The poor lad fell prone into the toils of the deceitful enemy ; just as all the wisdom and strength, of Adam and of Sampson were of old swept away by the honied words of our great ancestress and the treacherous smile of Delilah. Heavens ! how he did go on, when he learned that Miss Buehton liked chemistry, and seemed really desirous of taking cognizance of the singular changes undergone by bodies when influenced by affinity. How clearly and how conclusively he showed her that chemical changes perma nently alter the naturo and properties of substances ; how that the combination of two or more substances can be made to form a third body, unlike either of its components ; and then how it logically and irresistibly followed that the study of chemistry must necessarily take cognizance of and describe the most simple as well as the most compouud ? bodies. Mary's polite attention to her unconscious victim never flagged for a single moment. That 'redoubtable little Free Lance mercilessly opened upon him the terrible artillery of her beautiful eyes, while she listened to his enthusiastic outpour of words, dropping in a few quiet monosyllables here and there (just to tone him down a little), and delight ing him by her general knowledge of the properties of ele ments and substances, until the ' Lecture ' surged up high over everything, and awed everybody else into silence. Old Watson and his wife were enchanted at the brilliant display of their son's transcendent genius, the Oriental Traveller was quitely but intensely amused, and Miss Williams looked extremely uncomfortable, bnt still the lecture went on. Nothing could temporarily arrest its progress, not even the frequently interjected, hospitable invitations of Mr. Bushton to the young scholar to help himself to wine, or the reproachf ulglanceBof Pattie at herrelentlessfriend, who very keenlyenjoyed thescenesbe had so cleverly brought about. The ' key dominant' this time was chemistry — chemistry physical, mineralogical, and physiological ; the sole performer being Mr. William Watson, an ardent student of, and proficient in that wide branch of science, which the clever Miss Bushton so cordially detested. He had got on as far as physiological chemistry, and was proceeding to treat of some of the changes which food undergoes m its transit through animal econmy, and the transformation in organic substances generally, when the practical, sterling, good sense of Mrs. Bushton, in the midst of that dark torrent of unknown words, judged it high rime to intervene, and stop the speaker; which she did, most effectually, by the usual well-known signal. The drawing-room was then deserted by the ladies, and the chemical plague was stayed. ' I am really ashamed of you, Mary,' said Pattie, in dignantly, about five minutes afterwards, ' perfectly ashamed of you; I don't know that I ever saw anything more unladylike or unkind. This poor young man is the son of your father's old friend — your father's invited guest — and you lead him on to make a melancholy exhibition of himself to gratify .a .passing whim, just for mere idle amusement.' ~ - ' Are you blaming me P' said Mary. ' What have I to do with it ? If Chrysalis liked to talk chemicals, how could I possibly prevent him ? Was I to stop his mouth, do you think, like a Jack-pudding, with a hot potato, or to scold him into silence ? How very absurd.' 'You knew very well that he was making himself ridiculous,' said Miss Williams, warmly, 'and your manner was purposely designed to mislead him. Nay, more than that, Mary, I heard you distinctly say to him that you were 'so interested in chemistry,' which was nothing, more or less, than a downright disgraceful untruth.' ' I admit that,' replied Mary, penitently, ' but still he should not have provoked me.' ' 1 never saw you more cool in my life,' said Pattie. ' Well, my dear, I lack some of your glowing energy to-day; that I must frankly admit. But didn't I do all that a young lady could to moderate him when lie raised his voice, neither once nor twice ? Be just, Pattie, if you do like Bufus.' ' Don't be so utterly absurd,' returned the other, im patiently. ' You say he provoked you. Bow so ? What aid he say to you ? I heard nothing.' ' Were you listening then ? Oh, I see. Well, I'll tell you what he eaid. I aeked the man if he liked Art, and he said no, he did not ; that he knew nothing whatever about it— and, I suppose, cared less. Like George II., he as good as confessed to me that he hated all ' bainting and boetry.' That settled me, Pattie, and (as your brother says of nis horse) ' I let him have his head.' 1 admit that I then at once suffered him to bolt into chemistry. Surely you did not expect me to stand, lifce a paid jockey, holding back Chrysalis when he was quite ready for a start V' ' All this is extremely clever, of course,' said Pattie ; ' but it was very unlike -you, Mary, and I feel bound to tell you so. I cannot bear to sec you so hard and so unkind.' Mary made no reply, but leaned against the massive Btone b'alustrade in front of the house ; for Pattie had fol lowed her friend out through the drawing-room windows on to the terrace, and the two girls were standing under the falling shadows of a sweet summer evening.. From where they stood together there stretched a small but admirably kept flower»garden — reaching down to a broai slop ing meadow, dotted here and there with elm trees and groups of cattle. Across this second enclosure, to the left, could be seen the gray church tower of Henbury, and beyond and above the distant field fence rose the arbutus groves and long-extended woody heights of Blaize Castle. It was a lovely scene, one that might well attract the gaze of the heiress, but she looked at it listlessly for some minutes. Then, suddenly, she started, a vivid blush overspreading her half-frightened face. ' What is it, darling ?' said Pattie tenderly. ' What is it ? Do you see anything ?' Mary looked round sadly at her friend, and burst into tears. What could she have seen ? asks the reader. Not much. Only a solitary figure in the distance— sitting on a style, in the deepening gloom. The old shadow still, irresistibly attracted to the spot where she was ; watching, and hoping against hope. Early in life there are few of us — raised by the refinement of intellectual culture above the beasts that perish— who have not felt one strange and absorbing influence, surround ing ' some dear one's head' with a halo invisible to all be sides. How the young heart leaped, years ago, when for the first time that magic spell revealed itself in all its wondrous beauty ; how well remembered is that deep thrill of bewildering joy, so suddenly and so mysteriously produced ; and how instinctively do we shrink, even now, from recalling the cruel disappointment that next developed itself, until a thick darkness set in, like a long stormy night, when the lightning flashes of hope disappeared in the gloomy clouds of sorrow. The grave (or an estrangement worse than death) too often lies like a yawning gulf between us and that exquisite dreamland ; and, as we grow older and wiser, we think it fine and witty to say bitter, sneering things of love. But the theme of all artists — in painting, in music, or in song — will, from time to time, reassert its grand ascendency, and speak with a voice like that of conscience, not to be trifled with or overcome. A few careless notes from a schoolgirl's piano, a faded ribbon, or even a flower— nay, the refrain of some old song —will suddenly smash to atoms all the armour in which we have trusted, and old wounds, long carefully hidden and audaciously disowned and denied, will again drop tears of blood. There is, after all said and done, a terrible reality in love, as there iB in pain ; and it is not the less real be cause it happens to be impalpable and incomprehensible. In the concentrated intensify of both is often found a fore boding silence that asks not for human sympathy, and views it with a proud or stony indifference. Few that watched Mary Bushton during the rest of that evening could have guessed how acutely she suffered, as she moved, with a smiling brow and a winning courtesy, amongst her father's guests. 