THE V.R.C. AUTUMN MEETING. [from our Correspondent at FIemington.1 [By Telegraph.] February 23. Upwards of 120 horses are in training at Flemington just now for the Autumn Meet ing, which begins on Saturday week, and is attracting a great deal of attention. Darebin lias been doing good work with Baron von Mueller. Although not as well in the spring he will very nearly win the Leger. Wellington and the Tasmanian mare Elsimore have been doing fair work. The latter has an outside show in the Cup. Howie's horses have arrived from Ballarat. SuwaiTow is looking well, and the stable are very confident about him. Guesswork and Bassaino are shaping very well in the mornings, and the last- named has improved greatly smce he last ran. Mr. Dakin scratched Baron von Mueller for the Brunswick Stakes directly he saw the weights. Aspen has gone wrong, and was scratched for the Newmarket Handicap on Tuesday afternoon. Commotion is doing well at Brighton, but the going is so bad there that Foulsham has brought Ween and Verdure to Flemington. Chantilly suffered so much from rheuma tism that he had to be destroyed. It is reported ^ that The Ghost beat Cremorne in a trial recently.. He has an excellent chance for the Newmarket Handi cap. For the Cup I have a preference for Saun terer, Hesperian, and Wellington; and for the Newmarket Handicap I like Saunterer, Hesperian, and The Ghost. Fennelly's horses Monmouth, Bathurst, Hecla, ana Vanity are expected from Sydney to-day. Sweet William and Valetta are said to have done a great trial at Williamstown. Mr. De Mestre fancies Sweet William's chance for the Cup. Mr. F. F. Dakin is shortly to receive three two-year olds to train for the Hon. W. J. Clarke, who is going to renew his connection with the Turf. There is nothing fresh from St. Albans, and it is generally believed that the stable will not be dangerous at the forthcoming meeting. In Sydney the general opinion is that Surrey cannot lose the Newmarket Handicap. He will arrive on Monday. There is very little betting doing, and the following quotations represent the latest prices I.EGER, 0 to 2 agst. Darebin. CUP. 10 to 1 agst. Suwarrow 12 " 1 Saunterer 12 " 1 " Hesperian 100" 6 " others. NEWMARKET HANDICAP. 100 to 6 agst. Surrey 100 " 6 " The Ghost 100 " 6 " Cremorne 25 " 1 " others. 