A HARASSED M.P. All readers of "Pickwick 1 ' rewas member the delight which evinced by the electioneering agent at the Eatanswill electorate when his candidate on approaching the wives of the free and independent electors so far condescended as to kiss the juvenile offspring of the said electors ; and how the success of the candidate was at once secured when the crowd passed round the word, 4 'He has kissed one of them. He lias kissed two of them. He is kissing thera all!" Mr. Dixscn has, it appears from Ms letter to the Kapvnda Herald, some extracts from which appeared in Thursday's issue, been attempting to apply similar conciliatory methods to the electors of a large country constituency. He has, so to speak, tried hard to make advances of this friendly nature towards all the various conflicting interests of his district. But it pains him exceedingly to find that some of them refuse to be kissed. He wanted to assist in developing a Kapunda marble quarry, and no sooner had he made amicable advances towards those inte rested in this venture than he dis covered that there was another rival Company, which was so perverse as to become jealous and find fault with liim for not patronising their particular stone. Again, he had no sooner worked himself up to an enthusiastic pitch of eloquence on behalf of Eudunda as the locality of a Courthouse than he found the people of Morgan ready to take offence. When he smiled and was friendly to the farmers a "rampant squatter" became irate, and Mr. Ward, "who calls himself the "farmers' friend," denounced him as a "slanderer of all the electors in the colony." Thus this well - intentioned but deeply unfortunate M.P. finds that a constituency presents as many difficulties in its management as did the historical donkey who figures in the fable of the old man and his ass, for in trying to please everybody he discovers to his chagrin that he has pleased nobody. So many demands have been made upon him also for subscriptions that he is beginning to "pine for obscurity." This last is a trouble with which we do not sympathize so deeply as we do with respect to the other misfortunes which he has disclosed ; for, after all, the total amount extracted from him from one year to another is not so very great. Besides, it must sometimes be consoling to him to reflect that in disbursing this money he is arming himself with an argument -which may be used at some future time in favour of payment of members. But the other is a difficulty from which we can see no escape for him. It is truly pathetic to think how the vision must continually haunt him of the Eudunda elector shaking his first at liim for voting for :tlie erection of Parliament Houses, while the Kapunda elector is "treating himself to an extra glass of beer"' because the erection is to be com posed of Kapunda marble. What makes the position all the more heartrending is that some -cruel people will now be inclined to -sneeriiigly remark that Mr. Dixson, after Jiaving come into this colony as the apostle of local as contradistinguished from general interests, and after conscientiously endeavouring to apply his principles to the management of his constituency, is beginning to find that they will not work. lie has endeavoured to apply, in his humble sphere, the great and immutable theory of protection to local industry, by going out of his way to recommend the marble which is got from one quarry, but he finds that there is another concern which equally reauires his protection. The only remedy we can suggest is that in future he should look out for a constituency wliich lias only one quarry aud only one possible locality for a Courthouse ; which is neither pastoral nor .agricultural, and belongs neither to the city nor to the country; and, above aJl, which is only able to raise one football -club. Australia is too large a place for a "VictorLin Protectionist to live in and be at peace with his neighbours, and even the District of Light is altogether too extensive to be a comfortable electorate for a member who wishes to foster local interests. ANGLICAN MISSION CHUBCE.—What has long been considered a pressing necessity by the adherents of the Church of England : n Lower North Adelaide will shortlv be supplied, as on Wednesday afternoon the foundation-stone of a Mission School Church in Melbourne-street, was declared "well and truly laid" by Lady Jervois in the presence of a large number of snectators. At half-past 4 precisely Ladv Jervois, accompanied by a couple of lady friends, was received at the building by several clergymen, including Dean Kussell and Archdeacons Jlarryat and Dove, and the usual Church of England office" for the lavins of a foundation-stone was gone through,"during which tier .Ladyship performed the ceremony and declared—"In ,ihe faith of Jesus Christ we place this foundation-stone, in the .name of God the Father, God the Son, and. God rilie Holy Ghost." Dean Kucsell ,feie n made a few remarks, alluding with pleasure to the fact of the Governor's wife having laid the stone, and stated that it reminded him of the benefits this colony ,h&d; enjojwd for a succession of years .by the Indies of Government House being absays -ready,, as Ln-dy Jervois had been that day, to assist in .the progress of the Church. Whilst a Jiymn was being sung the offertory, which eiidently realized a good sum, was taken i^p. Mr. Gsrlick, the architect of the building, then, ea behalf of the wardens and «pmirattes connected with the Church, presented Lady Jerrois with the handsome silver trowel with w£>ich she had -r t^e stone, and affej the acceptance of the gitt had been kindly acknowledged by Her Ladyship the meeting dispersed- The structure will be 40 feet long bv20 feet broad and 26 feet high to the top of'the gable, aud will be in pure Gothic style. The material to be used in its construction is limestone, wjth briek dressings and quoins, and there will be an alcove at the rear. Air. A. H. Kunz js the couim^sr, & cost of abput £400. 