'OUR MELBOURNE LETTER Nov. 2. (from ohe OWIf coeeespondent). j -^jch^amidst^ihe. gaieties of. tbe Cjip' (carnival there,are wars and rumors of wars, jon the tapis. On lawn and stand on the .'Cup day /the vTadpole^ aiidf:Papers . of ; either party were busily engaged, and the : atr;, •waS'-pregtimt/witii whispered rumors of a change of Ministry: r Sir Bryan himsalf to judge from his unconcerned coun tenance, seemed-to be insensible to "the buzz of gossip around him, and the burly Patterson gave no sign that the agitation of a ciisis Tvhich might make him again a Minister was going on around him. The Age has published an. assertion that Mr Bent was about to resign, and-that the other betgiidir -of,th§ Mimstry Mr Young, would foEow smt. The statement was at once demed, but none the less has it a fo^undation m factf The iatefult dissolution is drawing neai, and fcir Bryan, though he has managed scleverly 3hitherto to keep in office by. playing . olF i5ie Conservatiye against ihe Liberal section of his opponents and- Dice versa feels very doubtful-"aa' to the -'-result-of -the-.-polls. The wholesale bribery of the Railway Bill is doubtless m his favour, the continued -prosperity of the country, ,thpugh none of' hisi causing,- as a grand:.card, but there peeps up m-the back-'ground;.the ghost of the 'Crrattan memorial- and' the' -Baldwin episode-to- disturb-his dreams: u .He has therefore come to the conclusion that it would be a grand coup if m addition to his own phalanx he could go the country with"the overt aid of either section- of bis opponents.-; ..-he,- is not. .very'-particular which. Sir Bryan is somewhat of a philosopher; 1 had^^ the j Jiff e supported turn mthe first days, of: his. Ministry, he would undoubtedly have, drifted mra. Liberal'directionj' towards which he primarily leaned. But; the- democratic organ stood sternly aloof . vand he : was. -.perforce ebbged to ..turn for '.support-., to- the journal which he shad, a ! /fewmonths before, gone -'so far.-:as 'to.igazette:--as -Minworthy of credit. "Sir -Bryan is, hoVever, prepared to rat the moment he sees" the I popular current isdnftmg mthe opposite' direction, to that. in.which..he has hitherto 1 been driven. Over: anil over again he has .been • on' 1 the 'point of --being 'driven 1 from • office-by a combination otparties,'united: .onlyin.bemg opposed to his Government. ; -Hitherto . as :-has -. been .-shown,-he -has managed to play.tiiem'off successfully^the, •one against the other:' • His position mean-: time has not- been , exactly:'that-winch: would commend .itself to a lugh-nunded -pohtician:,but • such,.as - its honours are lie •chngS 'to'them'-with the fervour,-of-des-; -peration; -In the meantime -that great; instrument of -'corruption, the Railway; Bill, has, been got.-out of -the way, and • -members coerced into lacqmescence. an -its: tprovisions'by;dread af. their, constituents, I 'once'more breathe freely. -Tho slumbernig desire for oflice can again be allowed/ full-r-vent ,m Jhe ^breaats. of „ther jdtt'ect; LiberalGppositibn-,-headed-Tiy-Mr-Berry,i •and ln those of the ' indirect "Conservative; • Opposition who discard the. leadership o£ a' dotard and- lean towards -.the, vigorous, if; -less' dismterested^uidance -of : .Mr Gillies, i -In view of the'general' election at .is -^ustnow a question- wiiether the Berryites-and. Gilliesitfes.-shall unite, or:whether-by a happy; stroke,.of, political.tact,Sir,Bryan may be able to detach one, or other,,of them from the threatened combination,' and marshal the more malleable con-i tmgetit" "under -bis'- own banner. 'The, West Bpurke. baronet has m his favour the immense handicap of-'-tlie'-actuai pos-: seasor of o&ce;, whilst his opponents canonly ipromase, what sunder; certain; circumstances they may be able to perform. Sn' Bryan has been resting on his oars for < 'Some tiinespast-'.secureKiii™the-suppori'!.of the Conservative phalanx, but the late caucus is an ugly hint that he cannot count on its indefinite continuance. The reported resignations m the Cabinet are not unfounded, but only postponed m deference, to the xyishes. of thp Premier,' and* to - give: him^time -ito make-the .best terms with the portfohos at his disposal. Mr Berry, with what Major Smith calls Ins ."-large and expensive family," who. -must - be-provided ...for, .and. . bearing ,pn mind the contumely with which the has been.-treated -by. -the extreme section-.of the Liberal party, would be nothing loth to enter into negotiations with Sir Bryan for joining his Ministry, provided his own reputation: for xojqsistency. ^ould. J>6i preserved.- ^rhe-latteribfllia.'beBasily.managed and it now only, remains to be seen which Sir 'Bryan considerably sbestrr^worth his wMletO'COnGiliatejMr.feerryorrMr-GillieSj This decision will soon, have to be taken, as the appr-oaching—embrogho with reference to the order of business will quickly compel the several -parties in the -Assembly to disclose their hands Delays are.|dangerous,.and,,.:iiE. 'Sir Bryan dallies with his ."present. ppportumty,: the Berry- .Gilbes' combmation' mayrbe .fovmed under ! his' .very -nose, and'4he posztion:o± his Ministry be past redemption. • • ' • i I hear that.Mr.George.Bavis has finally decided to contest the,Gippsland province l in opposition' to ithe Hon.-Wm. Pearson-. A substantial' sum - baa -been -collected for. -Mr Davis'-,expenses. Mr Patrick OVBrieDj-who has been often beaten, had some thoughts, iof coming forward, and would.at-least-have 'secured, the Catholic vote, but he -has finally..decided,- and I •think very- prudently,,not ,to;-stand., ; '• The result of: the .Conservative ..caucus convened' by -Mr - Francis' on Wednesday, hasaiot been thrown away on the astute Prehiier, who'has again consented to eat liumble-pie. ' A' -fe^ -'days ago m the House, Sir Bryan -was asked to subordinate the liand Bill to the more important measures affecting' the immediate weir fare of 'the country, namely the Railway Loan-Appropriation Bill and the Loans Conversion -'®iU..'i :;This?'.he; demurred agamst; and ,when remonstrated-with by his :Conservativev.:supporters, 1 -; he--jndigr nantly refused-L to alter his plan -of procedure allowing hoh. "members'to infer by his language and "bearing that any further attempt at'coercion would result m -a Muusterial-'-crisis: '.After <'.hearing the decision come ; .to-by:(the;!caucus,;'ihowever, Sir s Biyanonce-more allowed'his backbone to bend,*, and'from his seat in »the' House let jhon.0;members,know, not exactly so mticVby his ^words asiby hiB actions, that' the Government had ,110.objection to give up, without: fiie faintest appearance of a strugglo, the position which they,had the day-before- declared their antention of defending withtlieir hearts'.blood..,:• . On T^'ednesday when, m moving - the second reading of the Railway Loan Appropnation-Bill, AlieV-Preniier referred to' the i-immense 3;a4vantage'f "iwhichs-twould accriie-to iGippslandj-and through ^.t to the whole o.f the colony^' by the o^enmg of the Gippsland La'kes, it .was evident that ,the;OTh.olp-House:-was.,withhim] that:this portion, •at^all ,events*of .the bill, -required •very little"'Bcteocacyi'Tand;;thatrthe remarks whiph fell from (Mbssm JM('Lean and^ M'Eean-jm^upxiort'of'-the- pro.iecti'though ®xpectedv,were'jiotnecBssary..Theaecondrfeadmgswasj quickly-''agreed',ito,-i-and ihe. fojllvjpassed vthEpugh.com'mittee, 4he. ;nexta day-Sseemg' ltYisent-to the Legislative Council / ij ,, ( / , 5 On "Thursday evtenag'-fhe Treasurer move^.|W.^econd-vrea9lng#o'f?-i® 1 Loans- •jEtedempfcioniiBillv in,a •ljaosfeJaboured-- and' ffltontdli^b>!speech.v3Shas been my lot to listenjjorjnany^a long day, and it was nof iintd^ueltion'affierquestionhadbeenasked: by Messrs Berry, Francis, and Sir John :©'ShaiiassyjTthat-the:H^ :the $roposa3s*®f-'4hei5<^ver^ leaderof- theiCppositionmalucidspeech,. ^pointed, olii the ^tftter ^."bsurdity of comihcafeig the <very jlitneate question of ihccoireersioniMloanB^ -tionr- of - foreign'-.-matters;^- - "Sir - John, O'Shanassy and Mi Srancis,- followed m a : , similar, vem, and attacked without mercy ;the. provisions of the measure. -: - The : Premier was confounded, and when' he beside rhimself with rage. However, as the Houso was evidently in earnest; -and didirtot stand any browbeating, Sir Bryan consented;'-'ti^ ^ thfe debate. The development of the political situation is looked forward -to with great iiitcrest..' • . '' '•'-."'"•• ; ; , 