CHAPTER XX.. " While these scenes -were taldng place' at the I Hesperus Extended, events of, a very different character were transpiring in Grit. ~ After the great meeting, Hector, Bnnikuin. and some of his principal1 supporters repaired to the dingy office of the Gritty Guily Trumpet, where, assembled in the den known as the editor's room, they began, to discuss the affairs of thenight. The Trumpet of 'next day would be one of the best numbers ever issued. There, was the great meeting, the terrible accident at the Hesperus Extended mine, and,' of course, there would be a splendid leader from the pien of "Grit's mightiest journalist, Hector Macinnis, wherein the opposite, party would be annihilated, and the course of the electors made clear. , Grit had now a gas company; of course there had been gas thiere in the early days, but riot such as could : be utilised for light* ' The trumpet .office1'"absolutely flared with it. There was gas everywhere, which was a'com fort, as there was nothing else to speak of. The exterior of, the ^ building was not very .prepossessing. Once,'indeed, the faijade had been thought the very acme of architecture. ; It was of red brick-^as if the dust of Grit. were not .rod enough-and the mason had by an ingenious arrangement fixed pertain of the brickB to form the words Gritty Gully Trumpet. The red dust df years had settled . upon the building until it now looked like an ugly lobster drowned in dirty anchovy paste. Upon window, coign, and door the insidious, dust had fallen until there was not the sem blance of the original design left. To add to the discomfort of visitors a flight-of wel: worn steps led to the sanctum, and, as there was no light outside, accidents were the rule'; and he was a lucky man who escaped scathless when he visited the Lyceum of Grit. By the side of the building ran a narrow lane, fit for deeds of darkness, and immediately at the back was the stage door of the theatre, whence ' at night seedy supers issued to fetch in the pewter po4s of beer from the hotel at the corner for the stars. Gritty people would tell you with'pride that they had seen G.Y.Brooke . borne in there from a cab when in one of his drinking moods; and to this day the hotel boasts that Julia Matthews was a boarder when she was. a trollopy girl in short clothes. Altogether it/was a classic locality. But the; inside of "the Trumpet office was to the outside world a mystery, and the general public could tell nothing about it, except that Hector ' Macinnis- made the paper there. In the inno cence of their souls they believed that he wrote, set up, printed, and delivered the Trumpet. Hector Macinnis found the office in a state of " pi," to use a professional term. The compositors had been out of copy, for hours, the overseer was fretting and fuming and consuming beer; the apprentices were larking, and the sub-editor was in-despair. Up to this time the editor and reporters had lft)t put in an appearance. Reprint would not do, so the whole establishment had to be idle, consoling themselves with the reflection that they would not get home until the sun had risen next morning. But they knew they had no remedy, although Hector Macinnis was ; a benevolent champion of liberty, and a warm advocate of the eight hours system. He never allowed his lofty soul to consider his own office. That was out. of the pale., So he kept his reporters, his writers, his composi tors and his printers waiting for Iiim.at his pleasure, without in the. slightest degree con-. sidering that they were men just like the miners arid carpenters for whom he expended so- much breath*. But then consider : the miners and carpenters could serid him into Parliament,. and. the poor printers couldn'i, being only a drop, in the^" ocean of Gritty humanity. ' 0, true pr<}verb!-" A saint abroad, a devil at home." . In a few minutes; however, the Gritty Gully Trumpet office was the scene of the greatest activity. The reporters who,' after the meet ing, had hastened to the Hesperus1 Extended to ascertain the particulars of the accident, rushed in and at. once began transcribing notes, as if all the electricity iri. the office had concentrated in them, and their pens flew over the paper like steam-engines. The overseer' stood over , them, however, like a ghoul, devouring their slips, which- he cut up in. pieces, and handed to his expectant compositor^ who rushed lo their frames arid set witli a rapidity th^t must have thrown the reporters into despair, if they, had had time to look round. All this time the'great mover himself sat in. the editor's sarictum, drinking wine with Bunakum arid his friends, arid totally heedless of the - agonised face' of the Overseer, who now and then rushed past the open door in the vain hope of grousing his sympathy. The sub-editor hopped about-for he was lame- arid strove to keep up a jolly appearance, when he felt all the parigs of the damned.. Nor did Buriakum and the rest heed this in the slightest; Why should the champions of liberty, of the horny handed, of the eight hour system, pay attention to the wants of these poor creatures? "Why, in deed? , . : But as Dr. Rouse was moved by the spirit of loo to adjourn, the party at last broke up. " I will be round at the Patriot, presently," said Hector, as he saw his friends safely down the steps. v . ' The overseer now hoped that there worild 'be some chance of finishing before daybreak. But Hector coolly passed hirn by, and, sitting in his chair, began to go through the piles of newspapers that lay before him. The over seer rushed out, and swore by himself in the passage, then adjourned'to seek th.e solace of the pewter. » After a while Hector Macinnis did think that he ought to begin his leader, inasmuch as it was time for him to join the company at loo, and casting away the last paper, he dipped his pen' in ink-and was about to write when-.. i What face was this that rose, before him in the hour of victory? What accusing eyes gazed upon him out of the dusty bookshelf ? What form arose from out the shadows of the lamp? Pshaw! There was nothing there. The. leader must be written. ' . But" it is not easy to put down the ghosts that arise to mock us,if tliey have their origin in our own guilty souls. " With an impatient exclamation Hector Macinnis fixed his eyes upon the paper, and, takiqg his pen in hand, began to write the leader which was to electrify Grit riext day. He had thoroughly digested the matter, and' " throwing it'off" was to him an easy task. Soon the page was covered with his peculiar, but regular handwriting, and, striking the bell, the overseer appeared. A smile of in terise satisfaction spread over that worthy'a face as he glanced at the sheet, and he . clutched it with inexpressible delight. It was immediately cut up into little pieces, and tlie compositors put to work on it, setting the matter up so quickly that ere Hector had finished the last slip the first proof was in his hand. He soon hurried through-it, and then began looking over the files. He became tired of these, however, and, throwing the papers to one side, put on' his coat and hat, and strode, away amidst the blessings of his employes, who were trembling that he would ymte a second leader. It did not take hini long to reach the Patriot, which was still full of fight, the politicians not having departed. They were arguing in the bar-at least, as many of them as were able to argue. But Hector passed by, and went on to the room where the select men, including Dr. Eouse, were indulging in a little relaxation in the. shape of a game of lop, which was now the popular amusement of the higher class of Grit, varied by an- occasional tussle at poker. Hector Macinnis cared little for cards, but when trouble or anxiety came upon him he often indulged in a game. As he did not cafe to sleep that night, having to be up early, he resolved to drive away all apprehensions of the morrow in what he called a V tit-up." As he was passing, he noticed. Maggie, who was serving the men in the bar. Her face, .usually so bright, was far from-cheerful, and the redness of her eyes showed that she had been weeping. / A Bhade came over Hector's face as he noticed this. He knew why she was - so gloomy. But it was not a cause of sorrow to him. v. . And tlie night passed on, Hector playing with great care and winning. Indeed "this was no wonder, for the others were so far advanced that they could hardly distinguish a king from a jack. He accepted this as a sign that he would be successful. The dawn began.'to find its way into the dose room and to pale the gaslight,' before the players thought of separating. Then,'after a hearty: wash and some. slight refreshment, they held/a meeting, when final arrangements were made for the great contest. The party, too, had the satisfaction of reading Hector's leader, which was-pronounced a masterpiece. After that, how could Mr. Miallandhis friends . stand a show? ; ^ . i 