BREVITIES. Arahi np a tree. Matthew Arnold ia eaid to be likely to visit Aus tralia. Sting ib to win the Metropolitan. So say all the turf prophets. Bar shoes of course. I The amanuensiB has been busy of late. What a ! pity the schoolmaster is so much abroad ? According to the tipsters, Segonhoe can't lose tho Derby ; and the tipsters are never wrong — never. ! First September — Partridge shooting commences in England. Duck-shooting closes in New South Wales. Zulu Thompson, of the wa.r diorama, in town, looking blooming. Dust blowing about in clouds to-day, despite tbe efforts of the carts to keep it down. Mr. Smith, -the acting-clerk to the Coroner, does his work promptly and well, and tho appointment Bhonld be confirmed, More Sabbath question in the A F'erably to-night. The ' Argus ' sporting writer -cnsiders Kings worth ' dangerous for the Metropolitan.' : We learn that the reserved seats at the Gaiety' Theatre on Saturday night, when Clark and Byman's Minstrels give their initial performance, have all been taken up. -. More fire squabbles to be exposed and dirty linen washed at the Central on Tuesday next. Will these firemen never agree ? We regret to learn that Alderman Kippax has for some time past been seriously indisposed with a cold. He oontemplates a country trip as soon as he is a little better. What is the difference between a well known poli tical patriot and George Washington P One never told a lie, and the other never told the truth— except by accident. Sir Henry Farkes last night made a good hit by saying Mr. Buchanan's speech convinced him that 'that gentleman must believe Jesus Christ to have been a sort of ancient David Buchanan. t ' ? Mr. Forster can find no rest for tho sole of his foot or anything else. Last night he spent most of his tim*3 on the Ministerial cross-benches.' Ccon&nbara; hate has now become a regular trade term. The article is a first-rate one however mythi cal its original may have been, and meets with a good densnd. : Aiderman Carter, it is said, is going to ' make it :hot' for the Mayor when he does speak. Well, the ?Bub-Committee is still as open to him as to Mr. Alder man Da vies. j ? Some of the aldermen are looking forward to the forthcoming elections with interest, and have already began to marshal their lorces under their respective , ,banners. Conductors, pointsmen, and etaffmen are compelled now to pass the doctor, Departmental officer, Dr. De Vine, to whom they have to pay 2s 6d for the certificate. They call it Divine Service money. Night thickens ! So does the rumpus between the .Volunteer and Insurance firemen. One of the formor asserts that he was brutally assaulted 'by o'vi of the latter, and that police court proceedings w ; ??nsiie. It may be as well to state that the tritnjss Lau rence, in the Purtell divorce case, is no relative whatever to that esteemed gentleman, Mr. Charles Laurence, of Newcastle, the w-ell-known cricketer. The freemasons of St. Andrew's Lodge No. 358 S.C. will hold their annual reunion in the Masonic Hall this evening. This lodge holds a prominent posi tion in the craft, and the gathering to-night promises to be a moat enjoyable affair. Mary Ann Chapman, for breaking a quantity of glass value £2 3s, the property of A. Turner, was this morning brought up at the Central, and ordered to pay the amount of the damage done, or go to gaol for 14 days. Thomas Jervis, charged with stealing 18 pigeons, value 40s, the property of James Wilson, was this morning brought up at the Central Police Court and sent to gaol for one month. Another prisoner charged with stealing a common rooster, also received free board and lodging for the same period. A silver cradle will be presented to his Worship on the 12th instant. As this is the second he has had since he inaugurated his term of office, the ' sleeping car ' should be a golden one. When referring to the matter at the luncheon the other day, he observed to one of his brother aldermen who is not blessed with a family, ' Go ye and do likewise.' Prisoner, at the Central, before commencement of the proceedings, ' What time does the court open to-day, sergeant ? ' Sergeant Hyem : ' At precisely the same time as when you were here last.' The prisoner retires ehapfallen to the back of the dock. A royal commission is urgently required to inquire into the whole working of the fire brigades, both In surance and Volunteer, with a view to put an end to the present state of things. Now's the time. Where's Sir Henry's little Bill with improved notions P The work of laying down the wooden cubes in George-street, between Market and Park streets, is going on apace; and from the foundations which are being put down, the work promises to be well and truly done. It will probably be completed within contract time. ? The Inspector of Nuisances should have been about last evening when there was a heap of dirt on the pavement in front of the Arcade Hotel, in Pitt street, evidently having been thrown from the cellar of that hostelry. People were oompelled to walk into the road before they could pass it. ' The ruling passion strong in death.' Theatrical posters cling affectionately about St. Mary's Cathe dral, and will only, ws presume, be removed on the very day of th© inaugural ceremony. All other posters have been taken down, bnt out of regard for the merry theatrical times passed in the Bichard eon'eshow within, theatrical display is allowed. Sir Henry Parkes Bays, as a reason -why the Art Gallery should not be opened on Sunday in Sydney, that there are more churches than public houses in aiuiiui*. .r Bruibpa uus uuu. gouiriouiuu win {supple ment his interesting chronicles of the place referred to by informing us as to the correot number and description of the ghosts legitimately belonging to that spiritual locality. Smith's Colossal Mirror of New Zealand was ex hibited at Newtown last night, and will again be on view this evening. It comprises views of London, Paris, American and New Zealand scenery, with illustrations of the Zulu war, and some optical illu sions. There was a good house, and the entertain ment grave general satisfaction. In Messrs. Paling and Co. 'a window a pencil sketch of Prince Bismarck is exhibited. The portrait, while possessing all the faithfulness of a photograph, brings out those faoial characteristics which mark the man of blood and iron, and cause him to be one of the most imposing looking, as well as celebrated of men. The sketch is by Mr. W. E. Johnson, a mem ber of the mail steamer Zealandia's crew. ? As will have been seen by yesterday's '' ETeaing News,' Mr. John Davies has written on the subject of the Coonanbara scandal, and gives an emphatio denial to the evidence of the Mayor as published, and ' respectfully asks the public to suspend their judg ment' until theymave heard his version of tbe trans action. And yet Mr. Davies refused to attend the meeting of the sub-committee, where he could have given whatever evidenoe he desired. The sub-committee appointed by the Council to in quire into the Coonanbara affair tried their hardest to get out of Alderman Fowler what Alderman Carter had eaid on the subject, but they could not succeed .in obtaining anything more than ' impressions.' In the words of Bu2fuz, in the celebrated trial of 'Pickwick' for breach of promise, the chairman might have exclaimed, ' We want none of your im pressions, sir.' That was all they got, however. ' A man named Chas. O'Connell, described as a french-polisher, was charged before Mr. Dillon to day with wilfully and obscenely exposing himself in the public park, in the presence of a number of little children. Mr. Dillon commented on the disgusting nature of the offence and the frequency of its occur rence, ana gave me prisuner ine wgiiesii buuiibuub ho could, viz., six months' imprisonment. This was well deserved, and we trust that in ell each oases the Bench will be similarly severe. ' ' Six days shalt thou labour and do all that then art able, and on the seventh holystone the decks and 6crape the cable,' In New South Wales the work ing man Ehall put in six days' labour and go to church on the Sabbath, for the Museums, Art Gal leries, and other public places, shall be closed to him. ' Let us,' said Sir Henry Parkes, ' preserve the institutions of our forefathers in keeping the Sab bath as a day of rest— and letting people go where' they liked.' Yes, and lock up our museums and art galleries. Just as well close our parks and domains at once. ' Two Tram Incidents. — 1st: A motor in Philip-street a day or two back ran over a splendid brown retriever doe.' cutting it completely to two pieces. A tram Wtewav official buried it at the roadside under a heap of ^eand, and for some days its nose protruded itself on to the public gaze. At length it was removed, after it began tosmelL 2nd incident: A tram was about to run' over a child in Liverpool-street yester day afternoon, and was within a few feet trying to pull up, when a guard belonging to another tram (named Wilson), sprang between the rails, threw the child off the line, and himself narrowly escaped with his life. As it was, he was etrnok on the forehead by the front of the motor. Bo brave a deed deserves to be recorded. General Pool's consultation Derby- and first section Metropolitan doses to-night. See advertisement. Good odds. — Advt. Derby and Hetrop. Events. — Country visitors will ' do well to oatl at John Hunter's City Boot Palaoe, 454, 'Georga-street. Largest selected and varied Btock of ladies, and gentlemen's boots and shoes at lowest pouibU cash price. — Advt, : The commotion opposite the Central Police Court tins morntnjr was not,«e at first supposed, caused by ;Wy **w femtnt* of tiuUiniutng Act-, bat simply a stampede on the .Great Central Boot Co.' for Aheap boott. filO, Oeofgc-rtara**.— Aon. -&ol;* rdMawal^lfcw'* -^th-^^^ ?vanny at 8 o'olook sharp, in ib» eeminuy. Ji. 3. mtepalriofc, hon« »«o.— AD»T. ' -?'- . - 