THE Argus of yesterday returns to the attack npon die Phosaix Foundry Company with so much fierceness that in spite of the legal proceedings for libel pending between the company and that paper, we const say a few more words npon the subject. The Argyt leader is founded npon tbe letter signed Honesty," and it is this letter which will be the basis of the libel action, the initial steps in which were taken by the company yesterday. The attack made by the Argus is goarded by the statement that whtt it asserts isfonnded upon "common rumor." But we need hardly point out that a paper which fiercely attacks a company, standing high in the world's opinions, npon no more reliable evidence than mere private gossip, acts in anything bnt a commendable spirit. It ranks itself amongst the sca'lion and JEAMES' class —a class which s?ts great store on the keyhole, and which, if if cannot find facts to chatter upon, will invent them to suit its purpose. A papsr like the Argus should he : !jironghly satisfied that its premisses are sound before making charges of any sort, bat more particularly against a company whose success depends so much npon its reputation all over tbe Australian colonies, and even farther afield, being clean and above' reproach. But the jlryttghas ignored this all-important and just consideration. It has given a force { to lies andscandal which,otherwise, they would not possess ; and journalism of this type is no less damaging than it is degrading. The charges which were put forthinyesterday'sArytts,on the.ground of that jade "common rumor," are that the engines made by the Phoenix Foundry Company for the department have been of inferior workmanship, and that this is well known to the employes of the railway branch of the public service. ~ But owing to the political influence possessed by the Phenix Company, none of these employes, who are alleged to know so much, dare say ft word against the Phoenix engines, its dismissal would be the inevitable consequence, as it was in the case of an official who once had the temerity to be more outspoken. Now, no assertions could bemore easily refuted than these, because they are as destitute of truth, as to attack a man or company without a thorough knowledge that the ground of it is sound, is mean, detestable, and un-English. To begin with, there is not a word of truth in the statement that an officer of the department was discharged for speaking ill of the company's work. Nothing of the sort in any possible way ever nccorred; the assertion being from first to last neither more nor less than ft base, an infamoos, invention. Then as to the company's engines being of work. How in the name of s all that is reasonable could this be? f Government always has a clerk of works, or superintending engineer, at l the foundry; and he has to constantly report to the department how the manufacture is progressing. He has also full power to reject any material, or piece of work, that, in his opinion, is not up to the standard. Then the engines, after they have been delivered, have to ran 1000 _ miles, and do their work efficiently for that, distance before they are taken over by the department. How, then, in the name of all that is honest, can there be inferior workmanship in the Phoenix Company's engines, with all these safeguards against anything of the sort having been provided t The thing is utterly impossible, the mote especially as the kind of material to be ased is fixed by the specifications; and there is no more getting away from the specifications, with the Government supervision that is maintaiived, than' silver could be used to make sovereigns without the .cheat beirig instantly detected. Furthermore, the Phoenix Foundry Company has the .most perfect of plants to make engines, ai.d the managing spirits of tbe company consist of men who won -their spurs in English workshops, and whose competency ooald not be improved npon if the whole world were ransacked for the purpose. Willi these facts standing oat so dearly, the attack upon the workmanship of the engines made by tbe Phteoix Foundry Company is shown tobealie—a. lie &sbase;,szui as infamous, and as cowardly as was ever uttered. The. lie, indeed, is intensified by the facta, ttat a Phoenix engine rarely breaks down, and &at; it is well-known In the engineering trade that the com pany'tL -enginns have positively . cost much less to keep in repair than any batch of light engines which have been imported. Nor is thu wonderful, seeing that two batches pf English engines were obtained by the Railway Department; the cost of one at which was £400 aa engine, and of tbe other £600 an engine, before they oould be put in anything like decent shape for traffic. The statement, therefore, that English engines are superior to the Phoenix Foundry Company's engines, or that the Phoenix Foundry Company's engines display inferior work, is a fabrication of the vilest sort—a fabrication which, for mean dirty vilification of the Victorian industry, couid not be easily exceeded. It is so complete a fabrication indeed, that the employes on the railways say nothing against thePhoenix Foundry Company's engines, not because they ar«" afraid of their billets if they did anything of the kind, because th'fre is no fear of this sort b'fore their eyes, but solely because there is no fault to find with what the company has; delivered. Now, as to tb-> political influence which it is said the company can exercise, wh"re is it' Where but in the mean imagination of the equally mean slanderers. O *ir.g to the jealousy which exists in SWourno against Billarat having, as it were, the sole making of engines for the railways, the company is cot very sweet in Melbourne political circles; while there is no reason why thn districts beyond Ballarat should give it any assistance^ All the political influence, therefore,' which the company can exercise is confinpd to this district; and what does that amount to? To about eight or nine votes in the Houss; and not all of these could be relied npon if an emergency arose requiring political aid to do the company justice The assertion, therefore, that the Phoenix Foundry Company can stamp out all enquiry or opposition by the political influence it can wield, is just as uisonnd as the other charges that are made against it. The whole series, indeed, is slander of the most indefensible and despicable kind; and it is no more'irritating to tbe company than it is an everlasting disgrace to its mean, shabby, and malicious detractors. It is a falsehood throughout, dirty and impure; and no other motive, than to kill the Victorian industry so. as to throw the whole of the railway work into the hands of the importers, can account for such malignant and thoroughly unwarranted vituperation bong indulged in. The Argus muds up its article, founded on " common rumor," by suggesting that a; board Bbonid be appointed to clear up the matter. Generally speaking, the Phoenix Foundry Company does not care one brass farthing whether a board is appointed or not; neither do we. But the cloven hoof is shown in this suggestion. It would afford the opportunity which Mr BEST wants to procure engines from England, for we suppose while "the board was sitting the Pcasnix Company would get no work; and thus, no matter what the outcome, the importing " ring" in Melbourne would have the best of the contest. The order, would go to England; and as no moreengines would be required for some time, there would be a good sound chance of the Phoenix Foundry Company being rained. The board idea, therefore, can only be endorsed by the order being given to the Phoenix Company first, tbe enquiry being held afterwards, for by this means alone would anything unfair to the company, and the Victorian artisan class generally, be prevented. The foregoing, we think, will satisfy every well-meaning person that the Phoenix Foundry Cofnpany. has been most ungenerously dealt with by the Argu* taking " common rumor" as a pretext for. speaking so deprecatory and defamatory of the company's work, as that journal did yesterday morning. Not one of the ' charges made against the company contains an atom of truth; and it is, therefore, most unfair that such an article as the Argus of yesterday contained should have, been written and printed. For the Pheenix'Fonndry Company's work is of the best and most enduring kind; and there is none but those who desire to injure the company for their own ends, that will not say " Amen !" most cheerfully and emphatically to this verdict: THE passing of Mr GLADSTONE'S Act for the Repression of Crime in Ireland marks a new point of departure in the course of the relations between the two countries. At last the policy of conciliation has been definitely abandoned by the Liberal Government, and that of ruling by the strong hand has taken its place. But, in the present instance, there is a perfect coincidence of opinion between die Liberals and tbe Conservatives on one question of supreme national importance. The Repression Act is not a party measure, in any ense of the word. It was rather orced on Mr. GLADSTONE than deiberately adopted by him. Up till the terrible tragedy of the Phoenix Park, tbe Premier was openly and avowedly pursuing a line of action which seemed to be leading np to the concession of almost all the demands of the hostile 'party. Complaints were raised from both of the House that he was showing himself too compliant to the Irish party, and the cry was raised for a firmer and stronger policy. Just at that point occurred the double murder of Lord FREDERICK CAVENDISH and Mr BURKE. The impression made on tbe public mind in England by this enormous crime was unspeakably deep, and it was intensified by the conviction that this double murder was but the first outbreak of a widespread conspiracy to carry tbe separation of Ireland from the Empire by means of wholesale private assassination. This feeling still holds sway over tbe minds of the English people, and will continue both strong and active so long as the Phccnix Park murderers continue to escape detection, The Repression Act is the exact, and very natural, expression of that feeling. It is the response of the English people to the challenge thrown down by tbe secret •ssaBMPH. Unhappily, also, other murders of a peculiarly atrocious kind have followed npon those of the two high officials, aad dark intimations of still more dreadful occurrences to come have fairly aroused the sentiment of vengeance in the breasts of the loyal and peaceably disposed on both sides of tbe Irish Channel. Now, it is a fact that must be % clearly recognised and acknowledged by all reasonable persons, (bat the question of re-, pressing crime, protecting liia and properly, and upht>idiiK$bB supremacy <rf the law of the land, uatotally diffbrpnt one from' the question' <£ tbe sound policy or j»therwi»e *A adopting *» particular aourse of action tpoaxda'fc. sectkm-of the empire. Thequeatkoof landlordism,^ of reduced rents, or at absenteeism, is in no way wlitt bound up with that of suppressing outrage and stamping out murder. Mr GLADSTOKS is jot- as consistent a Liberal when—the facts standing as they do—he is passing a Coercion Bill, or B Repression Act, ss. when he is avowing his intention of giving the advocates of great changed in Ireland a fair and impartial hearing. The distinction between the two functions of a Premier, as guardian of the public safety and administrator of the laws, and as head of a political party, bound to maintain certain principles, and to follow certain historical traditions, is very plain indeed. Before any political conference on points of difference between two parties can be heard at all, there must first be a peaceable condition of society. established. There is no time for friendly discussion when the ballets and bombs are whistling around the chamber in which the arbitrators are sitting. It was too late for ARABI BEY to invite Admiral SEYMOUR to an amicable debate upon the points in dispute between him and England, when tbe shells from the British fleet were blowing his feeble fortifications into the air. First, then, all question of nsin« force or violence must be settled before the parties at feud can meet in counsel to adjust their differences by mutual discussion and compromise. This is the exact position in which Mr GLADSTONE and his colleagues were placed after'the Phoenix Park murders. It was manifestly impossible to continue the debate on reforms in Ireland whilst the secret assassins were abroad in the streets, bent on taking the lives of the very men who had come amongst them with the olive branch and offers of conciliation in their hands. First, a Repression Act, and then—when the effective pqwer of the strong hand has been shown—the-amicable conference. But not otherwise ' Ireland must be peaceable and reasonable—clothed, and in its right mind, like the lunatic in Scripture—before its claims or demands can be so much as considered. THIB is the exact position in which things stand now, and it will be for their own interests if the Irish people shall frankly recognise and admit that it is so. It has been, unfortunately^ too much their national habit to mix! tip things and circumstances that' have no necessary connection with one another. They have not. learned, as they ought to have learned, by long and sad experience, that the repression of crime is a matter that has no relation whatsoever to the other and very different question of providing a remedy forpoli dca! evils. They wQ) certainly be made to apprehend this difference now. The Repression Act is truly a powerful and a stringent measure of legislation. It virtually suspends, for the time, the law of the land, and establishes martial law in its place. Where it is enforced, the inhabitants of the district are placed in the position of the people of a conquered country, with the invading army still in possession. It is not of the least uso cavilling or objecting to tbe policy of coercion now; it is too late. Coercion is the principle of Government, and all die tremendous force of the British nation — its army, navy, and' its entire apparatus of judicial and police establishments—is present to enforce its operation. There is no longer any room left for the most secret treasonable plot to be hatched into activity. Order will now be maintained by the crushing pressure of the iron hand. Ireland is, in one word, a country occupied by its conquerors. Fenianism is paralysed, all purposes of rebellion are extinguished at once, in the presence of so immense an array of armed force. What will be the upshot 1 We cannot tell; bnt it will be well indeed for the Irish people if tbe upshot shall be the complete suppression of crime and violence, and the pacification of- the most ex remely turbulent country on the face of tbe earth. This will be a gain indeed to the peaceful residents of tbe country; and it is worth all the great efforts which are being {tut forth to secure it Affairs in Egypt are developing. There have been more massacres ot Europeans, Arabi Pasha having been present at the killing of thirty-six of these unfortunate people. The British Government evidently means to bring Arabi to book, aa 10,000 British troops in all are to be sent to Egypt to restore order. H.B.H. the Duke of Conoaught will command one brigade, and Sir Archibald Alison and Sir Evelyn Wood othen. A bit of a brash has occurred between the advanced guard of the British and a detachment of Arabi P&sha;'a cavalry, in which the latter Were speedily worsted. Fall particulars of how this Egyptian imbroglio stands will be found published in another column. Messrs Randall, Mitchell, and Kevett, solicitors to the Phoenix Foandry Company, yesterday forwarded a communication to the proprietors of the Argus, applying for the name of the author of the letter in Saturday's issue, signed "Honesty." In the event of the request not being acceded to, it is in' tended to commence an action at once against the journal named, claiming £20,000 damages for the libellous statement contained in the letter alluded to. A woman named Catherine Manning, aged twenty-six years, was admitted into the Hospital late on Sunday night, suffering from injuria! received, according to her etatemeot, in a very mysterious manner. A man drove a buggy into the lane beside the Bull and Mouth hotel, and asked tint the woman, who was apparently semi-conscious, might be given accommodation in tbe house. She was bleeding from wounds in tbe head, her clothes were torn, and her feet shoeless. The hotelkeeper declined to receive her in that condition, and sent for a constable. Befon the officer arrived the man drove sway, leaving the woman on tbe pavement in front of the hotel, but he afterwards sent someone to look after her. Senior-constahle Boyan subsequently found the woman wandering about the street, and, as she seemed severely injared, and was unable to give any coherent account of how she got hurt, he took her to tbe Hospital, where tbe cats in her head were stitched np. When first taken to the Hospital she gave the Dame of Catherine Whttford, hut yesterday stated her name as above. She said that- die was • recent arrival from Mel boo roe, and, with her brother and another man, ahe west an Sunday for a drive oat iu the Lesrmoath district. Th 4 trio spent the day at L-armonth, and. returning ahe was thrown .oat of the buggy on to the road, and ahe surmises that ahe sustained her injuries in that manner. o It appear? that a man named Manning bind a horse and trap from Mr Wellington, on Sunday, for the ostensible purpose of goii to Cannes, and took She woman out wi< him. She states that they went to Learmonth. Yesterday a man giving his name aa Manning -represented hunseU to the lodge porter at the Hospital as the woman's brother. He subsequently stated to another poster that he was ber husband, and be was jMrmitted ito eee her. The woman's wounds, though severe; in not dangeroes. The affsrr was at fiiat considered very mysteriona, bnt the enquiries of the police have dispelled the greater part of the mjsluty. nooml oo Sunday sight, fe Sir John lbt,imtt4keludtoeaifxnted chief of the staff, not of the army m nlSad fabaanLrionfevidently been The whole of . tbe day yasterday at the » taJten up in bearing the action for £1000 damages brought £roaght by - a reporter sanad. ITiilmwi. as the staff of Oat Ballarat Star, against • graoer Thompnon, of th* finn of Thompson and "Browi^of Nhfll, fo» miliewBS pros^ataon. There was kaftmg b»' «»g»P»: Mr FinUyson, with Mr Bo*, *pp.'«mg for the plain-, tiff, ana Mr Purree. wMb Mr MitcheU, appearing for the defendant A™"'™' °j the evidence taken in the case will be found elsewhere in our columns. After 1'nrvea had addressed the jury, the court rose and adjourned till ten Am. to-day. A pnbfic meeting; to consider tbe local optiou question, took' place in the EASTERN Town Hall last night, in tbe presence of nearly 200 persons. HIA worship Mayor Williams presided; and tbe Bevs. J. W. Inglia and Adamson, and Messrs itonedaod Wood {members of the Town Council) were also present on the platform. Motions were passed in favor of such A measure being adopted, and it was decided to forward the same to the' Legislative Assembly, through the members for the district' The meeting was very orderfy and unanimous throughout. A report of the proceedings will be seen by reference to our columns elsewhere. A magpie was the subject of legal proceedings at the Ballarat East Police Court yesterday, when -Muy Jnler charged a big boy and a little one, named John and Daniel Gwinn respectively, with stealing it. Plaintiff's case was that defendants on a Sunday recently walked into her yard snd took the magpie away. . The defendants' mother was put into the box for the defence, and monopolised the attention of the b.nch for some time. - The tenor of her discourse APPEVED to be that her boys thought tbe magpie was one that they had lost, AND which they got from Ballarook. The bench discharged tbe little Gwinn, and fined tbe other one 20S and 2s 6d costs, in default one week's imprisonment, with an order to at once deliver np the magpie. MrPurves, barrister, apparently does not entertain the highest opinion of TILE safety of travelling ou the Victorian railway linea. At the Assizes yesterday, what a cue was about to be opened, he suggested that it should be adjourned for A time, as eome witnesses HI it were dbe by the 10.30 train, and it wag not a dead certainty they wrald arrive all right. The ' court smiled, but averaged the chances, and went into the case. The Bight Bev. Bishop Sargent, of the South Indian mission, addressed a large public meeting held at the Alfred Hall last evening, in connection with the Church Missionary Society, for the purpose of welcoming him. His address bated about as hour aad a half, and io it Bishop Sargent dealt with the conversion of the Hindoos, and their manners, customs, traits of character, 4C. The address was full of interest from start to finish, and the audience frequently showed their approval of remarks instruct! re and amusing fry liberal applause. A collection taken up in aid of the Indian mission was weH responded to. Tbe mayor of THA city was voted to the chair at the meeting. AT the Assizes to-day, as soon aa the case at present bong dealt with is concluded, the action of Spence V the Board of Laud and Works will be taken. It will be remembered that in this case the plaintiff seeks damages for the injuries she sustsined in the raOwsy collision at Beaufort. A strong bar is en- ISGED on THE case; Dr Madden and Hr Finayson appearing for the plaintiff and Mr Furvee, with Mr Box, for the defendant. The case against Mr F. Stocks, head teacher of the Sale State school, for ill-using pupil of the schopl, terminated on Saturday. The charge was dismissed, with £2 10a costs against the complainant. Mr Stocks was reinstated in HII position AI bead teacher of the Sale school yesterday. We understand from Mr Tbeophilua Williams that he did not authorise the paragraph in our morning contemporary, relative to his being likely to contest Ballarat East at the next general election, as he has not decided to take any such atep. Thomas End, the stealer of a gold watch from Creswick last week, was dealt with at the Town Police Court yesterday morning. He pleaded guilty, AND a previous conviction was produced against him. The chairman of the bench, after the 'circumstances, of the robbery and capture had been related, remarked to Sergeant M'Par land, "SIURT work, sergeant," and then sentenced End to twelve months' imprisonment. Iu cross- examining a civil SERVANT a wit- ness in a case at the. ASSISES yesterday, Hr Purves rubbed it into a serricc that is certainly an inviting mark for pungent -witticism. The witness said he did not remember something which took place when engaged in making out a warrant. 'Think, can't you?" queried the bariater. The witness exhibited an amount of dubiety on tbe topic that brought down from tbe learned counsel the remark, "I know it ID very hard work for civil servants to think. They remember nothing. They ought to be paid extra foe thinking.'' For mom than two mouths now the school at the Orphanage has been DOSED, in consequence of scarlet fever having attacked eome of the children. The' last patient was declared convalescent Aboat three weeks ago, and it is now hoped that the school will be opened again in a few days. A little boy na<ned George Tjlsnd was charged with the larceny of a piece of wood, the property of the Town Council, at yesterday's Town Police Conrt. The esse was an adjourned one, on the previous occasion some difficulty being IN the way of dealing with it. It seems that the wood was placed near a bridge in Ballarat East for the purpose of repairing and as it disappeared enquiries were made, witS the result that a liece was found on Laland'E premises. Mr 3 orris, clerk of works to the town council, remarked that wood was often carried away in -the same maimer, and it waa with the object of patting a stop to the practice, and not to punish the. boy, that the PROCEEDING were taken. The chairman of tbe bench (Mr Anderson, J. P.) cautioned the boy and DIS' charged him. It should be. stated that Laland aaid he did not think the wood belonged to anyone, as it waa lying in the gutter. The court AT enquiry to consider the charge of insubordination preferred by Gap tain Musgrove against Acting-corporal &EHfiscb;, of the B V.E, was continued last evening, and the examination of witneasea concluded. The board afterwards drew up their report, which will BE submitted to headquarters before being made public. The police, having been unable to find an owner for the overcoat the old man MCLEAN had in his possession when arrested on the suspicion of having stolen it, have determined to apply to-day for tbe discharge of the ac- Mr J. Ware, of the local branch of the Treasury has, his friends will be glad to learn, received promotion to StaweU. Mr Ware has been in bis present position for six or seven yon, and during that time has been very favorably known amongst dune who have had business at the Treasury by his uniformly courteous and business-like manner. A man named Thomas Barnes, a resident of Enfield, was treated at the Hospital yesterday for a severe wound in his left foot, accidentally self-inflicted, when be was wood. The injury having been attended to, he went to bis home. The libel action, Cnolin v Sands, has terminated iu a verdict fortheplaintit^ damages one " There is a class of individuals who, when found helplessly intoxicated by the police, in many cases with money ana valuables in tbeir possession^ and lodged in the lock-np, wax virtuously indignant when they become sober at finding themaelres in custody. One of then thankless personages waa amongst the " tight" tiat at the Town Court yesterday, and he attempted to go through the same farce as othen of the same family. "Your worship, I wasn't drunk and dis- I just came in from the country, had a few drinks—about half a dosat; but drunk I was nob" tbe arresting constable, Taylor, deposed that tbe thankleas one waa lying down on the footpathljuite drunk, and was very violent on his way to the loek-np. The bench let him o6f with a fine of 5s. aon made a few on Saturday arrested two disreputable characters, named Thomas Geraghty and Sarah Irwin, for vagrancy. The tara, aofrontiug to tbe evidence given yesterday when they appeared before the Ibwnlwach, have been a perfect nuisance in the Main road lor some time past, and had been much oompbined .about. The twoeh sent cach prisoner to tbe Lydiard street establishment for six months. Tbe adjourned meeting ol boot engdoyes was bdd last night, and, notwithstanding tbe hrtnBMnt weather, thare -waa a goo . •ttendanoe; in fact, Ukms present seemed to be fully alive to their iateresta, judging from the maaoertn which the business was conducted, aad from ttitas ol the aperidog. ft waa decided that the secretary writ* > tbe SaUstnm'a and Assistants' Union, with g m M t s l b the view of obtaining information aeto .tte terms of membephip and other business ft being thought advisable to Join that "foody, for by that means tbe end wught—namely, that of securing the Friday half-holiday— would be easier brought about. A deputation was formed to interview several of the influential residents of tbe city and town, for the purpose of waiting npon ihe employers. It was also intimated at the meeting that already some four cr five of the. employees were willing to close on Friday aftereooni, and had given their consent, After the usual vote of thanks to the chair, j the meeting concluded; all expressing their; satisfaction at the prospects, and tbe unanimity cf the meeting. A deputation ffom tbe Watchmakers* and Jewellers* Association waited npoo the employers of Ballarat yesterday, to indace tbem to join in the weekly half-holiday. Tie deputation waa met in a very liberal manner by the employers, nearly all of whom agreed tetUcee, while tbe remainder promised to tfenk the matter ovrr. All who wish to see tbe movement earned through successfully should attend the meeting advertised elsewhere. Mrs Blackwell, an old resident of Smythesdale in a double neasr, was carried to her last resting place yesterday. Hie >oor old Wj had lived in Smythesdale or fully twenty-five years, and was buried on her eighty-first birthday, baring previously lost her husband and all her children except oue eon, who is now in England. Wra Blackwell was blind for some years before her death, but she bore the loss of eight and other infirmities incidental to her years with Christian fortitude. We have received from Mr Chas. E. Jones the prospectus of the new railuay tracklayer, which is now being used extensively in America for laying the new lines. . The new ayatem and appliances have lately been registered iu Victoria, and Mr Jones is about to patent them in the other Australian colonies. On ihe Burlington, Cedar Hap ids, and Northern Kailway, the new machine, during its first day's weak, in the hands of men most of "whom had not seen it in operation until that day, was making railroad at tbe rate of 38 feet erery two minutes. The principle is thus described, and Mr Jones estimates that the sew process will cut down the cost of railroads to £1000 per mile ou level country : A eeries of adjustable tramways, simple, strong, and durable, attached to the sides of ordinary flat cars, loaded with materials aa they come to the front, will enable a small staff of men to construct from to 2 miles of railroad per day. More road has been made by the old system on other lines in the same space of time, bnt the waste of labor aad material ws simply enormone. This method does not waste one tie, one rail, nor one hour's labor, iu one mouth's procedure; and the road bod is not byODe wheel-track, so that the work of feveliug np is reduced to a minimum. Tbe saving in labor alone, making no account, of the enhanced speed over ordinary team work, pays the whole cost of the machine in less than four days'work The iron tramways are fitted with heavy concave iron rollers, and the men employed for this branch of the work have only to pitch the .rails by simple leverage to the descending tramway, when each rail glides to it3_ destination, where men receive it and place it in position < with tbe regularity <jf clockwork." A very pleasant litenoy and musical entertainment, under the auspices of the Baptist Mutual Improvement and Elocution Association, was held in the acfroolroom. Dawson street, last evening; the proceeds bung towards the purchase of an organ for the Sunday school. The Bev. W. Clark occupied the chair, and there was an attendance of about 250. The following ladies; and gentlemen took part in the entertainment, Miss M. Olenitter presiding at the ; >tano:—Misses C. Curry, M. Jenkineon, K. Srown, E. Morgan, A Cray, Meais A. 8. Cay. R. Incr, R. Gray. C. McGregor, J.: W. Pitts, T. Wood, P. Todd, F. Fricke, S. PittSjW.Goode, &L; Ditehbum, P.Graves, and W. Horman. The programme was excellently carried out by the ladies and gentlemen taking part, and the entertainment altogether must be pronounced a most decided success, and will result in a handsome sum being realised for the object named above. A correspondent at Dimboola sends us tbe following:—" Mr T. W. Kewish, of Flinders State school, Gcelong, has been successful in puxinjr foUy the first Year's course of training. mg. This ilits young gentleman gen' has been under the careful tuition of A!r G. F. link, and does great credit to his teacher. He proceeds at an early date to Melbourne, to commence the second year's course." A public election of a life governor to the Ballarat Hospital took place on Saturday at Staffordshire Beef. The candidates were— Messrs G. Terry, P. Collins, and R. Eymer. Mr Eymer was elected, having forty votes, to Mr G. Terry's seven, aad Mr Collins' three. We have received £3 1S« collected by Mr V. Power, of Allan dale, for Widow Foley, The only nominations for the annual election of three councillors for the borough of Smythesdale were Messrs Henry Procter, G. J. Jones, and A Veitch, who are 'consequently elected without a contest. Mr Thos. LawBon was also returned unopposed as borough auditor, Mr .H. Kraeft, ironmonger, one of the oldest residents of Stawell, died of heart disease on Saturday. Mr James Vailius has been returned onopposed ss a member of tbe Board of Advice for tbe city of Ballarat. Messrs W. Carr, jutu, B. Turner, and C. W. Stanbrook haTe been returned as members of the board of advice for the west riding of Leighshire. Tbe official notice announcing the annual election in connection with the town of Ballarat Bast, appears in our advertising columns to-day. The retiring councillors are—Councillors A James, D. Tuipie, and T. Williams; and the last day that nominations will be received by the returning officer's deputy it the 31st instant. We have received from Mr T. G. Robin son two sample tins of jama, which he is raiding at his establishment, Main street, Ballarat These jams are very p&Utahle; o cpm and pure; having bees preserved by Mr Robinson himself, aad as they are .sold at about half the prise of the imported product, they ought to find plenty of purchasers and consumers. Disparaging references (says the Age) have been nude to the "small engine factory" at t Bsllarat. It is stated by people who ought to know the facts, that larger factories would be established here if larger orders were ;iven in advance of requirements instead of opg after the time when the engines should a have been delivered. At the "present time, s the Sydney Government have let a contract T to a Sydney firm to make sixty-eight enginea, and they have another order under execution in England for 100 engines. Iu this colony, however, things are vastly different. At tbe present time we require fifty engines to properly equip the lines already opened, and 200 additional locomotives will be required to work the lines (1500 miles) the Government will construct under the Patterson snd Bent railway schemes. Fie, H'Coll. Tbe Telegraph says that Mr Hugh M'CoIl, M.L.A., baa intimated to the Kersng and Swan Rill Bail way lasagne that lie has reconsidered hia intention to sup- ! tort the Baort line, and will instead offer the Sarang route bis support. Tbe Age «ays it has bees requested to state, on behalf of the Government, that 1S2 justice*tof the peace have been appointed by them, forty- four of whom it is surmised are Catholics. As when tbe appointments are made the denomination to which a man belongs is Dot asked, it is impossible to state with accuracy hia religion. The above estimate is, therefore, arrived at by simply lancing over tbe names on' tbe list and surising as to nationality per mmtn (name). I Tbe Herald states that Mr Townsend 'Dermott intends to-return to the Vicorian bar at the end tf the preset t month. G Mr M'Dennott has for sosae time been par i ning his profession at Dnnedin, New Zea g and, where he baa been very successful ut old associations snd intimne knowledge o of tba Victorian Statutee naturally g^ve him a preference for this colony. Messrs Wills and Fay lsaya the Mnrybo • rough A<fnert»«r>-will represent tbe Maryborosgh Mining Board at the oouferenea relative to timber reservation about to be held in Ballarat. , The Ctbmk* Advertiser writes—"Anothar of oar piuapcioua mining speculator*—Mr Knoetach—lately returned from his 'home' ~ a residence near tba lake Information (says the Atgrayl) having been received W tbe Customs authorities that aomo smuggled jewellery bad baea reoeivedby a certain |eydto at Mdboume, KWII offioea vuib fcflft tltfjwhlMtirffl founO ftat tte duty had NOT B^ thegWuVthough the jeweller,*? dftittfMV He was interviewed MIESIONER O. Trade AND Custom/ sen ted to PAY JBE necessary DNT,. turn authorities have AI^ERUI^J goods were SSIAGG^D into the color," ' DOF a French vessel, TBJ iwn. MR Graves has DEEM^-J^F the EVENT oi tbe captain REFERREDTR, *' this port anotb'SR, riot, ™ ' taken against him. P ° CceQ10 S» Tbe Erening MoM iiyi tint li- speech at Hawthorn LIS- F^.J ' J considered highly impslit. c. Mr Malcolm (says TT* A-RAAFTJ., , eo well with an ostrich FARM at W ^ I he baa applied for 50.03) ACTA J^'HF Queensland Government asd TOTBSH Australian Government "for "a block of land for that purpestr. Labor of all kinds (says the- JVi m great demand, both in Sv&t-V;^i' sountay district*. Piasterere ss. <* 13\. andM. a day. Last m S ^ l swsr^Tliere appear, to be a gr^ of every kind of labor at prKentTlS:^ on She railway extensions. CKer iS? 11 ! arc required en the [Trails to Glen r.-» , On tbe-Great Western line, the CBM^' could emplov a thousand more .'"i gen and Boarke." ^^Vi. Maiytareugh (says the Jdrrrt^ ghost, fc wanders aboet on jS 1 * the other side of the railway d- * white, and frightens all the someaTS? 1 » its path. """oa, Messrs Buddart, Parker, and Cc. V steamship Wendouiee left Pivmccthl 18th instant, with passenger*"for i, {r^t and Sydney. The Wcndouree f Argus) is intended for the trade hS^ Melbourne, Sydney, snd Ken-castle. As the special train oinveyinz tk„ i bailers and their supporters from , 1 * left the local r»Hw»VStation T&S5; evening, a young man <says the <S? Advertiser) was seen endeavoring to esi carriage through tbe window, ft* Sz® master was close at hand, and csn-t-# young man by the legs, but as the bii,'? in motion, he was forced to Wt g0 i,le t? He however bad the train nt^h-y^T, ^ y°c<;g BiaB^boS entered the carriage illegally. His ^ as might well be imagined, were fnaW and the train was sent "on its jouittr jj young mas no doubt rejoicing that hVS escaped detection and detection. ; ,The Government {says the Agt) JQJ, intend to allow tbe motions tabled ly UM! Hall and Minuna, referring to tbe of the tea duty, and the continuation beer duties, to come on for OKcossitu • they, consider other business, both mli and private, to be of more importance. It was reported in town on Saturday (on tbe Age) that Messrs M'Leaa Brothei:^ Bigg had disposed of the premises tie recently purchased from Messrs Emcoe^ Co., in Collins street, at an adi- uuxj £15,000 on the price paid. The ne* m, chasers are said to be Messrs And® Hordern atul Sons, drapers, of Sydney, ilj have but just completed the erection' magnificent pile of buildings at Sydaer. Financially (says the Grrltmg Admii^ the trip of tbe Geelong football teunt Sydney waa not a success. There is liitk to be a total iota to the dob's funds of f^C £150. ' Tbe four senior field officers of the Vo'ateer force—viz., Iieutenant-colond? MK Bull, Cbarap, acd Bede—are to be (says the Argot) from active duty and p'isj on the unattached staff; each with thtni of colonel. This etep is rendered ncccscr by the new organisation, which abulufcsiji old military districts. The Customs PTrinP officers (says the 7./ graph) have just completed a lour oi u country districts. It is therefore not its probable that some prosecutions may heard of, seeing that in town, uuder the nj noses of the authorities, so much hi! ti done in contravention of tbe law. The Iflustrated London Xevs states 41 the will (dated 27th September, ISSijdl' Charies Hobert Darwin was proved en ti 6th June by William Erasmus Darwin id George Howard Darwin (tbe sons), tbtot caters, the value of tbe personal tsa amounting to upwards of £140,000. A meeting to form a branch of the tralian Satires' Association at Rtiuniyou 1 will be held in the Temperance Hall its] evening at eight, vitlock., visitors frill Ballarat are requested to meet at tbe fuel Office at half-past six o'clock, for the ] pose of proceeding thither. A very enjoyable concert ie announced take place at the Mechanics' Institute a evening by the talented Thomas famiir, trc gained such high honors at tbe late E&eii; fod, and they will be assisted by nunc our leading local musicians. An exala programme has beeo prepared, and the pa of admission are 2s and la. A public meeting, convened by the nunc will be held in the City Hall this evesii^t consider the question of local oplion, Ei before Parliament. The chair will be tits at eight o'clock. A poll will be taken at tbe police ccsr. Birkly street, ou Thursday, the IGth e£ ta month, to determine whether the r.umbii publican's licenses in the town of Billix East shall be increased or not. Mr J. F. Conghurst, of Egertoa, notits in our advertising columns that he is a cadidate for the vacancy in the BaHsnus Council, for the west riding, caused bjlit retirement of Mr T. C. Thomas. The Ballarat East Lodge, LO G.T., Ka.S will-meet this evening Every member i requested, to attend, as the business ii' portant. The fortnightly meeting of the Billttl Lodge of Free Gardeners is called fortrs | evening at eight o'clock, at the Buck's! hotel. 