LIVING OR DEAD/ By 4,Atha." BOOK in.— LOVE AND WAR. Chapter IX. — Omnia Vincet Amor. A month has passed smee the attack on Cranbourne. In that brief time the rebels have been defeated at all pointB. Te Ranga, collecting his shattered tribe, made a stand in the Patea against the forces of General Cameron, but the chief perished, and his warriors were almost annihilated. When the dead were removed for burial, the chieftain's daughter, Hene, was discovered beneath some of her slain countrymen quite dead. At Taranaki, Colonel Desbrough had met and routed Tupo, taking three hundred Maori prisoners, and all but capturing the outlaw himself, who, although wounded badly, had managed to escape to the hills. Such were the tidings that reached Bountys- ille, the residence of Major Wilton, and where we beg to conduct the reader. It was a large bedroom, handsomely fur nished. The rich curtains of the canopied bed had been drawn aside to admit the morning sunlight full upon the tall form of Claude Wingate, who lay thereon weak and helpless as a baby. Oh, the long, dark, sleepless hours for him, and the long, long time of agony that had appeared to wrench him limb from limb as he lay there I It had seemed years ago since he lost himself in strange waking dreams, which left him powerless to move. What horrid nightmare this which showed to his sight persons and things on the opposite wall ! If his thoughts were capable of action, then were there people jabbering at him whom he had known when he waB a boy at School, and whom he had seen buried years ago. What devouring thirst he suffered, when, just as he reached some cool water, it changed to molten fire, and burned into his very brain. From thick fantasies, which whirled and gathered without pause about him, from pain and delirium and feverish unrest, came a sweet, delicious change to painless ease and sleep ; then an awakening to the real. Ben Block, seated by the bedside, turns his eyes and encounters those of his master look ing inquiringly at him. ' Bless my toplights, if he ain't staring straight at me,' cried Ben, apostrophising the bed-post. 4 It's all right. The doctor said as how, and as if so be, he could only get a sleep, he'd" pass the breakers, and get into smooth water.' » Ben, is that you ?' How faint and puny the voice sounded. Ay, ay, ye honour, it's old Ben Block,' he. 4 Where am I ? What's all this about, eh, sir?' inquired the patient, with a bewildered The sailor scratched his rough poll for fully five minutes, then answered : 4 Blessed If I knows, captain. I reckon there s been gome foul weather, and you've been in it; that's all. The old gentleman downstaiA put me here to watch you white the young lady took some rest. Poor thing, she wants it, I know, for she has been up with you night and day for over a week past. An Ben spoke, the door wee opened, and Maior Wilton entered the room, accompanied by a stont little gentleman with a very large brad, as bald ae an egg, and cromnng a face as red and rosy ae that of a country wench. < Ah Wilton, I see our patient has crossed the Rubicon,' cried he, rubbing his hands together, and. approaobmgthe couchhe took the captain s wasted hand, tnen arew tortha massWe gold repeater I om hiepoe let. 4 Humph ! pulse very feeble ; muBt try a little egg and sago and wine. Major, mtro- dCoS>etain Wingate, I am delighted to see toria. so tar recovered,' said the old officer. This is an old friend, Doctor Sabresides. f " 01118 " aS m aaed to Sarin th The doctor bowed to the patient, and the poor patient stared first at one and then at the other of them, and then towards Ben Block, as one who sees and hears, but does not comprehend what is said. While they stood by his side talking, Claude closed his eyes again in sleep, and the doctor led the major quietly out of the room. 4 Sleep will do more for our young Hector now than all the pharmacy in the island,' said' he. 4 It has been a narrow squeak.' 4 You think he will recover, Bob ?' | Perhaps. There is nothing certain in this world, except abuse for an unfortunate class (army surgeons) and death. These Maori bullets make frightful incisions, and are difficult to extricate when they become embedded in a man's anatomy. It took me three honrs to find this one lodged in Captain Wingate's side, and the mystery to me is that it did not kill him there and then.' Doctor Sabresides held up a flat piece of lead about an ounce in weight for the major's inspection. 4 Ugh! 'tis an ugly missile,' cried the major, with disgust. 4 Put it away. The youth deserved better luck after his gallant defence of the station.' 4 We must hope for the best, major. Eight- and-forty hours will decide the matter. I trust at the end of that time to give a more favourable report. As to our patient's luck, well, there is plenty of that in store for him, if I can only pull him through. Desbrough told me that the general commanding has been pleased to recommend our Nimrod for the Victoria Cross, while the Colonial Government have gazetted him to the com mand of one of the local regiments.' 4 Indeed, what regiment ?' 4 The Forest Rangers,' replied the doctor. 4 Major von Tempsky is so severely wounded that, even if he recovers, be will never be fit for active service again. Out of seventeen officers who left the Patea Valley with the regiment three months ago, two only survive, and those two are lying dangerously wounded at this moment. Hist ! there's the bell for lunch.' Night came, and found the wounded offioer much better. The next day, after dressing his wound, Doctor Sabresides pronounced his patient out of danger, and on the fair way to recovery. He had been earefully and patiently nursed all that dreary time by one who heard the ravings of his delirium with mingled emotions of pleasure and pain. Now he led the attack, and ealled upon his men to stand firm to the last. Anon he was murmuring a name softly to himself, as if his whole heart was on his tongue — it was so yearning and tender. O, Lena, Lena ! well mayst thou hide thy blushing face, and sob for joy at his raving ! . Night comes on, and then the morning. The sun, rising without cloud or vapour, pours its rosy light into the sick-room. It plays about the snowy drapery of the bed, and creeps silently from the pale face of the wounded man to a picture hanging against the wall. It is only the face of a girl, but it is as beautiful as one of those faces which Jacob saw in his dream of the descending angels. Out through the open window the patient can see a view of landscape, bright and green, with the distant hills sparklingin the sunbeams. Afar off comes the wafted sound of voices and the low tinkling of sheep-bells, intermingled with the lowing of kine and the buzzing and hum of the insect world. . As he lies there, with his eyes wide open, staring upon the glorious panorama, he does not notice the graceful form that enters the room with a light step and stands observing him. 4 Shall I close the window, Mr. — Captain — Mr. Wingate?' The sick man turns his gaze towards the speaker, and a blush comes into his pale face as he recognises Lena Graham. 4 Thank you. Do not shut out this refresh ing air,' he answers, quietly. 'I love the sunshine, Miss Graham.' How oddly the name sounded to his ears. Heretofore, at Maythorpe, he had been wont to call her Lena — his Lena — and a host of other endearing terms. Now, however, he could not say such familiar things — no, not if he was . made commander-in- chief on the spot. The girl he had called his little wife, and for whose shining tresses he had woven garlands of daisies and daffodils in the olden time, had developed into a tall, beautiful woman. Watching her as she stands by the window, nervously plucking at the flowering petals of a choice geranium, he wonders why she is so silent and reserved towards him. He had expected something else from her at least. He casts about for some opening at conver sation. 4 Bountysville seems a charming place,' he says, at length. 4 Yes,' assents his companion, briefly, and still despoiling the plant. 4 May I ask if Corporal Ball and my father are here ?' he ventures again. Lena turns towards him and answers, 4 Mr. Wingate and papa are both here. But you are not to talk, sir ; Doctor Sabresides has given positive instructions on that head.' 4 Thank you. The first duty of a soldier is obedience.' 4 Are you comfortable, Mr. — Captain Win gate ?' she asks, presently. 4 Very, Miss Graham.' She stifles a rising sigh, and begins to busy herself about the room. By-and-by the doctor makes his appear ance, and expresses delight at the favourable Srogress of his patient. When he has eparted, Captain Wingate doses off into a refreshing sleep. When he awakes the sun is low, and fast receding, like a huge ball of fire, below the adjacent hills. Through the latticed window came the perfume of flowers on the evening air and the dreary, slumberous rustling of trees. All nature seemed hushed, longing for rest — for the repoee which comes when day has ceased to usurp the throne where busy care has been seated — the hour when men of the world cease buying and selling, and cheating and lying ; when little children, with bended knees and folded hands, say 4 Our Father which art in Heaven, hallowed be Thy name' — the hour when bereaved ones, left to battle out life's span alone and comfortless, see visions of the departed come forth from Paradise ! O, shadowy twilight ! how I love thee ! I loved to enter thy dim portals long ago, when the years were young and full of promise to me ; when she was by my side whom God took to himself. Here we have lingered in thy haunted gloom, and listened to the nightingale wail forth its notes of love to the flowers, which answered with their perfume until the air became one fragrant breath of summer ! 0, sweet Philomel ! thy soft voice yet fills the twilight, bat silent and cold the gentle heart that loved thy music. Does she still listen for thy songs when the evening throws its shadows o'er her lonely grave ? 0, nightingale ! sing on to her ! Tell her that thy notes keep green her memory within my soul, and preach to its yearning desires patience, hope, faith, and, like that peace 4 which passeth understanding,' lift up the quickened sense to look for one brief moment upon her form of imperishable glory ! As daylight faded, and left objects in the sick-room obscure and indistinct, Captain Wingate became aware of some one kneeling by his couch. At first he could not clearly discern who it was, but as his eyes became more accustomed to the' gloom, he distin guished the slender form of Lena. So motionless and still her figure that he was some moments ere he could fully realise that it was not one of the old phantasms returned to his waking sense. And she was praying. Soft and low the accents that snpplicated for his recovery. In the earnest outpourings of her gentle heart for his welfare, she innocently revealed to his ears how dear he was to her. Under the spell of her words, his hand wandered about until it clasped here, folded together. 4 Miss Graham ! Lena ! Dear Lena !' She started to her feet with a short cry of fright, but he held her with all his strength. You — you were not asleep, sir ?' 4 No,' he answered. 4 I have been lying broad awake, yet dreaming such a beautiful dream. Sueh a vision has often come to me before. By the camp fire I have seen it, and ' in the heat and toil of the' years that have fled it has comforted me. The substance of this dream is yourself, dear Lena !' The little hand that rested in his was not withdrawn, but the girl sank trembling down beside the bed. 'Lena, I love you very dearly. I have loved you all my life, and I feel that if your love is denied me, I could pray to sleep in earnest, and waken nevermore.' No answer comes to his low, passionate appeal. 4 1 have been such a worthless gadfly, Lena, full of selfishness and sin. I have been tossed about on life's ocean without rudder or compass. My darling, your love will redeem the shattered vessel, and guide it into a haven of rest and peace. Still silent, save for a great sob, which shakes her like a reed. Dear Lena, the Creator has implanted within our soul, this Divine spark of His goodness. Will you try and love me just a little?' 4 1 — I will try,' she replies, quietly. _ 4 God bless you, dear, for that. I see the silver lining away through the murky cloud overhead.' She raised her head, for something in the tremor of his tone touched her womanly heart. 4 Oh, Claude, Claude ! I do love you so much already. I'm afraid I cannot love you more,' she cries. And so the darkness gathered apace, and shut them within its pall, until the moon rose behind the hilfs, and looked in through the window at them, with a smile upon its jolly face. It has never been satisfactorily explained how Captain Wingate's left arm became encircled round the neck of Lena Graham, nor how his moustache and the lady's lips came together. To this day it remains a complete mystery why those refractory pillows suddenly became either too high or too low for the patient's head, which necessitated the nurse bending over him to set them right, and in so doing presenting an opportunity — not neglected, you may be certain, by the wounded officer — of repeating the kissing process. Neither does it appear consistent with common sense, nor any other kind of sense, common or uncommon, that they should be entirely so engrossed with each other as to be quite unaware of the entrance of Doctor Sabresides, accompanied by a servant with lights, at that particular moment. Tableau ! 4 Hem, hem ! You feel better now, eh, sir, eh ?' exclaimed the old surgeon, elevating his eyebrows to the apex of his bald pate in as tonishment. 4 Thank you, doctor, I do feel better.' 4 Of course you do, eh ? damme ! I humbly crave your pardon, mad&me.; Pray retire, and send up Mrs. Pratt, the housekeeper. Nice thing, indeed. Humph ! Shall have to get another nurse, Captain Wingate.' From that hour the patient recovered rapidly. In the course of a few days he was able to sit up and partake of a little wine and such strengthening food as the good surgeon thought fib to give him with safety, but the nurse was not changed. Bob Sabresides was a reader of human nature as well as a leech. So the lovers were left alone to open the dbors of Fairyland and wander hand-in-hand by its mossy banks and silvery lakes onward to that Utopia which emerges on the stern and real. Chapter X. — Nemesis. Captain Philip Ormond was found wounded to death at Cranbourne. At his request, they carried him by easy stages to Bountysville, and there he breathed his last, in the arms of her whom he had loved as his wife. Out yonder, where the surges roll and thunder against the sides of the lofty Te Apora, may be seen his new-made grave, and thither day by day Major Wilton's niece wends her slow and weary footsteps to linger by his last resting-place. One day as she sits there, watching the surf breaking athwart the gigantic cliff, she is startled by the appearance of a man ?at her side. So sudden is his presence that the cry of alarm died away upon her lips without sound as she gazed upon him. » Tall, gaunt, wasted by starvation, with eyes glaring upon her like those of a famished wolf, the dreaded Tupo stood before her. 4 Lady, the Fates have befriended me,' he said. 4 In my direst need, lo ! you come to my relief. Look here upon me?' 4 Who are you V she asked, with rising courage in her voice and gesture. 4 ParbUau ! I am Mark Fernleigh, your husband,' he responded, with just the ghost of the old devilish sneer crossing his pinched face. The slight figure of the woman straightened itself in an instant. 4 Villain, let me pass,' she said, with withering contempt. As she moved away, Tupo caught her, with a fierce muttered imprecation on his lips. 4 Silence, or I will dash your brains out where you stand.' 4 Do your worst,' she answered, calmly, confronting him. 4 1 disdain to cry out at the threats of such a wretch. 'Tis true I am but a weak woman, but I am the daughter of a gentleman. Now, what is your pleasure V Her cutting irony roused all the slumber ing fury in fcim. 4 Listen to me, woman !' he cried, hoarsely, 4 1 am a desperate man. My life is already forfeited ; therefore, I scruple no more at taking life than a hungry tiger. I am famishing for want of food. You must procure it for me at once. Also arms and money. Do you hear ?' 4 1 hear.' 4 And you will obey V ' No. If a crumb would save you from the jaws of death, I would not procure it for you,' she answered. 4 Say farewell to the air and the sun, then,' he cried, as he seized her in his arms, and ran forward to the edge of the coast wall overlooking the sea. On the brink of that vast chasm he held the unfortunate lady in his arms to hurl her over, when suddenly he found himself con fronted by Maori Jack and three natives, armed with rifles. Tupo gave one look, and attempted to leap over the precipice with his burden, but the guide had him fast in a moment, and, despite his desperate struggles, pinioned his arms with a strong flaxen rope. 4 Hell receive you for a cruel dog ! I have you at last,' growled the panting dwarf, glaring into the livid face of his foe. 'For weeks I have been on your trail, day and night, and here you are in my grip, over the dead boy's grave that ye kilt and murdered when he wor down an' unable to defend himself.' Tattered and torn and dirty, and with the white skin gleaming from the rents in their clothing, Tupo and Jack gazed at each other with looks which no pea could describe. One of the Maoris strode up to Lucy, and bent bis head before her. Will the pakeha trust herself with M'Kombo ?' he said. 4 It is better that she should go back again to the house. Come.' She accepted the invitation with a nod, and passed onward with M'Kombo without so much as a look at the spot where the outlaw stood, silently looking at his captors, Silent, indeed, but with undaunted front, he stood. Taunt as he might (and it was the dwarf's nature to do so), not one word replied Tupo. Never a word uttered he again in this world. M'Kombo returned anon, and brought with him an axe and a small coil of rope. The guide's eyes sparkled. He bared his breast, disclosing to his prisoner a large scar. 4 Do you see that, ma bouehal V be asked. 4 Faix, it's little marcy was in yer black heart the night ye gave me that. I might have my revenge now by sticking you up there on the cliff, and riddling yer ugly carcase, but I'm not in the humour to waste good powdher an' shot upon such a devil's bastard. Now, boys.' M'Kombo handed the rope and the axe to one of his companions ; then, grasping the end of the flaxen cord, by which the outlaw was bound, led him round the base of the mount to a narrow path-way leading up ward. Up, up, step by step, and round a zigzag course, where the huge boulders lay, with gigantic trunks of trees spanning deep fissures in the rock, and onward to the very summit of Te Apora. What a glorious view here for lovers of the sublime and the beautiful ! The guide and his companion saw nothing, however, save their captive, Tupo. The apex of the mount presented a fiat table-like appearance, about half an acre in extent, and studded with a few kauri pines. Te Apora rises sheer upward from the sea beneath, like a tower, and to a height of two thousand five hundred feet. M'Kombo fastened the outlaw to a tree, and Jack, producing a dirty pack of cards from his tattered jumper, Baid, 4 It was understood between us, Mac, when we first started in pursuit of this devil's son, that, if we caught him, we would take the law into our own hands, and save the hangman the trouble of a dirty job, eh?' 4 Gopi /' 4 Well, now, I'm towld that the Govern ment have offered two hundred poundB for his ugly carcase, dead or alive,' continued Jack. 4 Yer fond of money, Mac, and, foreby, these boys want something for all the trouble they've had. Here are the cards. Suppose we play the best two out of three games at twenty-fives who'sf to have him? That'll be fair, anyhow. If you win, then take him to blazes out o' that. Should the game be mine, musha, I'll never finger a farden of the dirty money. Are we agreed ?' 4 It is well spoken. Money is good,' said M'Kombo. 4 Shuffle the cards.' The guide and the Maori sat down elose to the feet of the bound outlaw — M'Kombo with his back, Jack with his face towards him. The Maori, who was an expert at the game, won the first mark, and managed to score fifteen for the second without his opponent scoring so much as a trick. Even in that dreadful moment there came into the prisoner's eyes a gleam of malicious triumph. The guide was about to cast his card (he had only two) when his eyes encountered that look. On the instant he changed his mind, threw the other one, and so kept in the gajae, which he eventually won without a break. Not a shadow of a hope for thee, Tupo, now. The cards were flung aside. On the western zim of the peak stood a tree which had grown in a slanting airec tion, and had a horrid list over the yawning gulf. A man must have had very strong nerves indeed who would have climbed that tree and gazed on the foaming breakers thonsands of feet beneath. Maori Jack accomplished the feat, and then beckoned them to bring Tupo forward. One last and vain effort for freedom the grim, silent wretch made ere he was hoisted bodily up into the topmost bongh of the leaning kauri pine, and there securely fastened. The guide pulled off his ragged smock, took the axe, and began to chop at the tree. By-and-by there was a great gap carved in the trunk. The tree began to sway and rock and groan, like unto some human being in mortal agony. Then with a loud crash it toppled over the vast chasm, and darkness rushed upon the soul of Tupo, the pakeha. Chapter XI. — Pour Prendre Conge. Peace has reigned in New Zealand for ten year; . In that time the face of the country has become changed as by the wand of a magician. The scattered settlement known as Junction Point is a populous township now of twenty- thousand inhabitants, and known as Mav. thorpe. It has a municipal council, and sends two members to Parliament. Colonel Claude Wingate, of Cranbourne is one of its chosen representative this ' of our Lord, 1881. J u ??V£ 5? m<f Rented and popular hotels has Maon Jack its proprie4o/ On that spot >here stood the wooden cottage of John vftngate rise the peaks and gab.es of a steely mansion, peeping outirom amidst a Pjp-jve of tali young English elms, a present worn Admiral Bunting, and sent out to New Zealand years ago from the old ruin by the Tweed. The admiral has- joined his gallant nephew. Yet, ere the old sailor died. fcjjriBed the 'Wthe' to Philip Ortnoni't tmymfS Wb fOTi to Jbtn «» pB«iygg: ml lB8fr#k fiT' Wfflite. kju fKtfo ybBTs, iCHlsii trntovwrnim out ifofe tbiettotibbiok. We ipaBl bfe hklbfis tb mtete, iff the bldWfll 6! A jwhtf- te- jM-tof 'MiY "atfmfrS ittMw'Mi skkkM WsW 'Wrrf'' WyP - W? MRW M INI rtiiai'/:iiiifffiiif Aaf > « -mj. M .fajg- .jtfLt-M1 T|pfp»f PPPpipM' w PV rliWrfPrf' 'PHF Mam . j'" ',4a# mpfu Mm mm MmmW: iQtmmfmf- mmm mm: f « m& to# M : fef MA fat/ "I®- fmmfi kmmf < nn#' #«f «& tejto#-- ipfay:, to to»f toM to «f to mkmS sf m$ pmm- 0 to wto mm to tea# «nn to «#to. aw any toto ftoc sfmrn «M (ten# tetote «f «M «tow anwf « to a tea 4<r «nn toe mmm. idjitf ' H'f fteM w«» «to wt to dftHliite. Mnto l« m to pw»- % # # Oil (fctfpf yftupfff Tfca to mm to. to ayatoMt £$! gto aitoaft to faam «f to fvtotohM SwliStoSto q( Slsdlp (kaMtefls Imslf lil» » vpto «f m bdom Mr. It 'i Mr toy inwaaft wow, fe t« ska ma It It mesas aa if ti# >i«ad tot 0 icaa forth to talk with ber oton. Bet no. Yonder he afotpe tot lb Mgitg mm Satan, at the foot «f To Apcsra- H« HP! inff'tir iinsit aipiii ti frrr Aaiao iha otoai the tteaauto cann tempt with a bvavy tob, and am to wteta the mm piano auada toy to tor ito. Hara: 0aalMnr<f Nte: a ttev tawsi«to<# aiy . llw vMmat aHMie «f tte vptewv nMt «te Otea man, mmt On «nr «ra Aaaaaazm«ic#y. n A tfimnm Of seat, wykA- 5e£ syea ecr «y«a, Bnvlm Btefc wjtfc in itmz&nbc; msmwtfuwtstT wmton H» tetee «f tentew. ULteafwsv«f paver rnkmm, w»frai»t®ria. Tteteite a arteMet ova, no >wl « teare, Tmodag, tettettwrtiiBevvcta, laifias. 