PERFECTLY TETTJE. \- ^ lu the following neat little fable some of the eccentricities of modern adulteration are delicately disclosed to the commonwealth ttf consumers by a contempoiaiy Gerrnaa satirist: " There were once four flies, and, as it happened, thev were hungry one mom-' ing. The first settled upon a sausage of stngalarly appetizing appearance and made a hearty meal; but be speedily died of intestinal inflammation, for the sausage was adulterated with-aniline. The second fly breakfasted upon flour, and forthwith succumbed to contraction of the stomach, civingto the inoidinate quantity of aluu> with which the flour had been adulterated. Tbes third liy was slacking his thirst with the contents of the milk-jug, when violent cramps suddenly convulsed his frame, and he soon gave up the ghost, a victim to chalk adulterer tkm. Seeing this, the fourth .fly, muttering to himself, 'The sooner it's over theseoaer to sleep,' alighted upon aauoistened sheet of })Hpcr exhibiting the counterfeitjn^ntmentof a dwith's-heM; mtRrfielnscripiioii -flvpoisou." Fearlessly applying^jtijijotthibi proboscis to this device, the fourth fly •lraufcto his heart's content, growing more vjgoiues and cheerful at every mouthful, ulthough expectant of his end. .But be did uot die. On the contrary, be. waxed ist., You sbc, even the flv-paperwas aditlterated." " What ib rack-rent, dad?" enquired a young ComBtocker who ha£l "been readme the news from Ireland: < Th e parent laid down the stock-list and replied :—"Do you know how much I charge Mr. Boirgarty fot his room upstair^?" "YeB. Sr twelve dollars a montli." " Well, now' suppose Mr. Boggarty Bhonld take it intohis head to have at his own experiee newpaper on the wall, the ceiling wbitenedaud all the furniture mended, tberoour would look a heap sight prettier, wouldn't! u i Z ^,!".j««rmured - the intelligent boy. " Well, if the minute BoggartyImd! got all improvements made I should g» up and look around, and smile, ami jinid« . m ? ne y in lu y pocket und veuwrt '* rins is a pretty gppd sort of n lay for ? angle man, Boggarty, w^you have getber too aoftriithlng.^"Yofryb; vfr { twenty would you thift child glgglea check, wouldn't It, dad?." Vlw ™^ money beaming kindly ^pon hw ^ •„ would be rack- renbugIJ-/^-Tsi^iv put costong me e cr uLj h»m out; ^eir ^ An Aricausasetluor.m •editorialcoiitiolxif a iie< is with « from leaveour|onrtialwifiii» abler tiuui we are final ThiBs^flejnihMwiai — He « 