UNDER THE SNOW. Hi KOBSHT COLLYEB. Ix was ChiiBViaae eve m tiie yuar fuaiteen. And aa ancient dalesmen uaad to tail. Ths wiidsss winter they ever had eeen. Wilh she eauw lyiog deep on m:«or aud tell. When Wagoner John got out his team Soiiler and Wiiiteioot, Dake and G/ay. With tha light in liie eyes -of a. yoacg ui&n;'s dream. As ha though of hia wedding oa New Yuai'e Dny. To fiath, the sas.il with the bonttle brown nut. And eyes of the deepest, Baaniest blue, Modest and winsome aud wodItoub fair. And true to her uoth, for her heart wob true. 'Thoa'a Barely not going,' shouted mine host. ' Thoa'll be lost in the drift as Burs as thou'B born. Thy lass wianoi want to wed wi' a ghost. And that's what thou'll be on Christmas mom. ' It's eleven long mile fra Sktpton toon, To Blueberg booses and Waehbom dale, Thou had better turn baok and sit thee doon, ? And comfort thy heart «i' a drop o' good ale.' Tara the swalio j;b flying Sou4b, Hts^-ia from zivvtit ia ttie droagtit, Men mas; diia or Eosiung'd done. Sa whaS cares the iovor fox storm or drift. Or pens ol deitlii on tut) haggard way, H* Bicgs to iiimseff like a lar& in the lift, And she joy in his heart turns December to M»y. £ut the wind from the north brings a deadly ubili, Creeping into hid heart, aad tbe drifts are deep, Where the thick cf the storm strikes Blue berg hili, Hd ia weary a&d; falls in a pleasant sleep. Aud dreams he is walking by Washburn side, Walking with Bath on a summer's day, Sieging that nosg to hia bosnic bride, rug own wue now ior ever and aye. Now read me this riddle, ha? Bath should bear Taat song of a boirS, in the olu-eh of doom It eicio oa her e&T;, dkiasit aad clear, As if her lover was in the room. And read me this riddle, how Bath should know, Ab she bounds to throw open the heavy door. That her lover is lost in the drifting snow, Dj ing or dead on the groat wila moor. ?' Help ! help 1 1' ' Lost I lost ! !' Kings through the sight as she rushes away, Stumbling, blinded and tempest tossed, Straight to the drift where her lover lay. Aad rwift they leap after her into the night, Into the drifts by Blueberg hill, PolUm, Ward, Robinson, eaoh with his light To find her there, holding him, while ead EtiU. ' He was dead in tbe drift then,' I hear them say. As I listen in wonder, Forgetting to play, Fifty years syne cozae Cliristaus Day. 'Nay. nay, they were wed,' the duiesman cried, By P«goa Carniait o' New Year's D*y, 'Bouaie Buih were me grass-great graud sUe'e bride, And Maiaior Fraukland gava her away.' 'Bat how did a He find him under the anow f Thoy cried with a laughter, touched with tears. ??Nay, laa«,' he said eofHy, 'wt- never can know, No, not if we live a huadred yeara.' There's a sight o' $hings gan To the making o' mac. Then I rasbed to my play With a whoop and away, Fifty years syne oorae Christmas Day. A Match Caused by a Shoe. — A fashion able ebocm&ker; lelh) & pre'.sy little story that reeds well even though is may be a cun ningly devised lie. His work is exolusively is ladies' fooi-wear, aad to an icquiBitiva reporter he said :— ' Last year I maae a pair of shoes for a lady who bad as preity fett as were ever fashioned. li was a pleasure for me to make the shoes, and when they were fiaiahed I put them in the show-window in a very oonspiouous plaoe, where I oould view them at. 'my leisure. Pretty soon a nicely dreesod gentleman stopped aud began view ing them very attentively. Presently he entered the store and inquired if they were for. sale. I iold him no, that they were made for one of my customers. He looked surprised, and asked the lady's same. I would not give him this xmxvb, satisfaction, but told him where Bhe lived, however. 1 was considerably surprised to learn after ward that, he was oalBng ai the Itouse. and moss stupugea still, woen the fed?, ac'eoxa ; pftnied by the gentleman, called at the store ftretj saonthB latet. She called hta * dear ' ^»en, so I guess they were pa^^i^^-Detroit 