FICTION. (From English, American, and other Periodicals.) BROUGHT HOME. CHAPTER XXVI. GOOD CHLOE. [?] dark and cheerless prospect the future pre- [?] d to our heroine, little Katie McFarland, in her [?] in the Ekhardt mansion. [?] had her nature not been an unusually buoyant [?] opeful one she must needs have given way [?] pair many times. But as it was she fought [?] the grim monster and prayed hopefully for a [?] [?] the chances for such a thing were at present [?] meagre. Her new found friend, the young [?] office clerk, was now in a position where he [?] not possibly render her assistance. It seemed [?] ow her enemies had the vantage, and there [?] ot the slightest prospect of any change in her [?] at present unless something unexpected [?] up. [?] finement was very tedious and exceedingly [?] to our heroine, having no occupation to [?] from ennui, and having as a sole recreation [?] ilege of looking out upon the world outside [?] h the prison bars, which was rather a source [?] aggravation than enjoyment. [?] sit and converse with her own thoughts all day [?] something to which she had not been accus- [?] ed, and had her enemies even imposed aome [?] k upon her she would have appreciated it as an [?] t of kindness. And it was while in one of these listless, idle moods one day that the first idea of escape sug- gested itself to her. She had read in books at home of the escape of great criminals from their prison cell, and she com- pared mentally her position with theirs, and then began to wonder if she could not devise some ex- pedient that would enable her to escape from the present captivity which was so loathsome to her. If she only could how welcome to her would be liberty now, and she assured herself that she would not allow herself to again full into the bonds of her enemies. The world was wide, and though not very well versed in its ways, she could manage to get along in some manner, and eke out an honest living. The consciousness alone of being free would make her happy. She did not care to return again to her Baxter- street home if she made good her escape. In the first place she felt no particular regard, otherwise than gratitude for their good care of her, for Ike McFarland and his wife, and again if she went back there Forbes would discover her, and as a result she would be in momentary jeopardy. No, she would go out into the world for herself, and trust to Providence to carry her through the battles of life. "I wonder if there is any way to escape," she murmured, and arising from her couch made an ex- amination of the window bars. But they were too firmly set for her delicate hands to move, and even had this been possible there was no safe means of reaching the ground below. No, she was a hopeless prisoner, and must remain such until she became finally a victim to the fate of which the villain had once assigned her, namely a marriagewith Ernest Eckhardt, which she would rather die than accede to. However, this seemed inevitable, until at the last moment a sudden thought struck her, and it came with such force as almost to take her breath away. She was waited upon by a black woman who an- swered to the name of Chloe, and who had mani- fested ever, she remembered now, a susceptible disposition. If she could enlist her in her favor, by means of sympathy or a bribe, a more potent means, she might be enabled to accomplish the end she de- sired. And as this now idea grew upon her she resolved to try it. Chloe was in the habit of visiting the prison chamber, as it might be fitly called, at regular in- tervals. In her pocket-book Katie had a crisp new five-dollar note. It happened that but a short while after her reso- lution the old colored woman entered the chamber. She was a gaunt-framed African, with shining white teeth, invariably displayed by a half grin betokening a jovial disposition. As she entered Kate looked up languidly and spoke. "Ah, is it you, Chloe ? I am glad you have come." "Yes, missus, it am Chloe." " Come here and sit down beside me, Chloe ; I have something I wish to say to you." Wonderingly, the old woman complied, and there was just the least expression of softness in her dark eyes. In her younger days Chloe had been nurse in an aristocratic Southern planter's home, where the daughter of the house, as she often averred, reminded [? her] "dretfully" of Missus Katie." "Chloe," said our heroine, in her sweet voice [? You]'re not hard-hearted, like the rest of them, and [?] mother. Have you not felt a little sym- pathy for me, prisoner that I am ?" The old colored woman hesitated, and then glanced questioningly up into the young girl's eyes, in which there was a grave expression. "Yes, missus ; I own I have," was Chloe's reply. "An' tu tell the truth ob it, Missus Katie, tain't right to shet you up this way. I don't see why young Marse Eckbardt wants ter do it." "Because his heart is flint," replied Katie, per- ceiving at once that her victory was certain, and only a question of time and patience. "Chloe, he is a bad man." "I tink he's gettin' bad, and all along ob dat Marse Forbes. It's a drefful shame. But then Marse Er- nest warn't never no shakes at bein' good, and since old marse's death he's bin gittin' on a higher horse ebery day." " Chloe," said our heroine, very calmly, but very earnestly, " look up into my face. You know that it is not right to shut me up here. It is the act of a villian. You were young once Chloe. You can un- derstand my position. I hate Ernest Eckhardt, and can never marry him ; but I shall have to unless I can manage to escape. That I must do. Will you help me, Chloe?" Katie watched eagerly the effect of this appeal upon the old servant ; but beyond a slight relaxing of her mobile features, Chloe showed no emotion. " Lor' bless you, honey! what would become ob yon? Whar would you go?" "I could take care of myself," replied Katie eagerly. " Ah, dear, good Chloe ! say you will help me to escape ! Give me aid, and I will always bless you. You know it is not right to keep me a pri- soner here." There was a curious expression upon old Chloe's face, as she made reply : "If I helped you ter 'scape, honey, what would Marse Ernest say?" " Let him say what he will. You can make some excuse. Oh, Chloe, do no refuse. Upon it depends all my life's happiness." The old woman hesitated. "Marse Ernest would skin me !" she said, dubi- ously. " Cbloe, this is all I have to give you. If it were five thousand, I would give it to help me to escape from this house. Will you do it?" Katie held toward the old nurse the crisp five-dol- lar note, and this capped the climax. Chloe, from that on, was a sworn and efficient ally. Thus it happened that upon the very night that the villains reckoned on executing their villainous de- signs upon her by uniting her in marriage with Ern- est Eckhardt, just as Forbes had started for her chamber, Katie, accompanied by her deliverer, emerged from the rear door of the mansion and struck into the shrubbery, as noiseless as ghosts. Under the cover of a clump of cedars, she thanked old Chloe, who then flitted back to the house, and then was about to turn and make her way off, when the tremendous uproar occasioned by the discovery that she bad made her escape, reached her ears. Spell-bound, she stood for a moment in listening, and then was about to flee the spot, when a number of dark forms, with hoarse cries, came tearing down the graveled drive toward her. They were the mail robbers pursued by the police, but our heroine thought they were in pursuit of her, and, like a frightened fawn, sped from before them. Down into the long meadows she ran, the mail robbers upon her heels, and they in turn pursued by the officers of the law. It now became a singular as well as close and exciting race. CHAPTER XXVII. THE PURSUIT. Close upon the heels of the fugitive mail robbers were the officers of the law, led by the post-office detective, and the chase became on exciting one. The pursued strained every nerve, as did also the pursuers, and sped over the yielding sod of the meadows towards the banks of the Hudson, which was now not far distant. And as Belmont Brown noted the fact, a feeling of exultation swelled within his breast, and he became assured of final victory ; for, driven to the water's edge, the ruffians would be obliged to succumb or be driven into the river, which was here almost too broad and swift to be swam with safety. And the robbers must also have noted this, although they did not pause or swerve in their course, but kept straight ahead ; and now, pulling and panting, the pursued party had arrived within a hundred yards of the water. Upon the river's bank was a fringe of timber, per- haps fifty yards in depth, and through whose foliage beyond the clear waters of the Hudson sparkled. Into this timber belt now plunged the robbers, and became immediately lost from view. A moment later the pursuing officers also entered the timber, and plunging through it, sprang down a sandy, shelving bank, and halted at the water's edge. All were puffing with the exertion of the long run, and well-nigh exhausted. But, to the detective's astonishment, not a sign was there visible of the fugitives. The place was as quiet and deserted as though foot of man had never trod there. At their feet rolled the swift unceasing flood, while back of them, upon the high bank, mighty pines reared themselves to a gigantic height. But, nothing daunted by this somewhat dampening conviction that the fugitives had given them the slip, Belmont was about to give hasty orders to scour the woods in every direction when his gaze suddenly caught what, in their haste none before observed, namely, a rude hut built of rough boards and situated under the cover of the bank. The detective recognized its nature at once. It. was the bumble abode of some river pirate; and without a moment's further deliberation he sprang forward and began pounding upon the rude door. At first so dark end silent did the humble abode look, he was inclined to believe it untenanted, but this was the next moment disproved. There came from within sounds indicative of life, and then a light flashed from the narrow windows, and the door was partly opened, and a rough-bearded man, en dishabille, peered in a half-frightened, half curious manner out upon the gang of officers with- out. " What you want ?" he inquired, in a guttural voice, with an unmistakable German accent. " Mein Got in himmel, vaking a beacable man oop at this time of night." I wish to interview you, sir," said the detective. " You are a river fisher ?" " Yes. I vish a little sometimes." " What's your name ?" "Vat for ye vant ter know my name?" sus- piciously. " Oh, I'm not going to arrest you for anything you have done," said the detective. "But I will arrest you if you do not answer my questions. What is your name ?" " Mein Gott, don't arrest me. I haben't done not- tings. Mine name is Hans Groetchers." " Well, Hans, now I want you to answer me truth- fully. We are officers of the law in quest of thieves. Has anybody been here upon this spot to-night be- sides us ?" "Ach, himmel, I know notting about. I vos ashleep, and heard nottings." " Where do you keep your boats ? Was there one upon the banks that they might get hold of?" " Ach dien," grunted Hans, excitedly. " Dere vos my best boat, mein Gott. Dey've not daken that ?" And utterly regardless of the fact that he was al- most entirely nude, Hans sprang out of the hut door and ran down to the river's edge. He gave the bank a sweeping survey and then burst into frantic cries. " Ah, it is as I thought," the detective said to him- self. " They have taken a boat, and are probably ere now upon the opposite bank." Then he turned, and in a commanding tone, ad- dressed the fisherman. Stop your howling, and listen to me. Have you got another boat about your premises ?" " Yas, but --" " No but about it ; get it out as quick as you can." " Dunder, I vill have no boat left den, and --" " Enough," cried the detective, sternly. "Do as I tell you, and you may get both of your boats safely back. If not you will lose them." Not daring to refuse, the frightened German pro- duced a second -- a commodious dory, capable of holding five persons -- from a shed adjoining his hut, it was launched upon the river. Then the detective and four officers seated themselves within it, and after giving instructions to the others to follow on down the bank, Belmont himself seized an oar and sent the craft out into the current. There was a mist on the river so dense as to be almost palpable, and the detective was obliged to guess his course. He made directly across the stream at first, and did not close his exertions until he had run the boat's keel upon the opposite shore. Then springing out he proceeded to carefully ex- amine the sands up and down for some distance each way, but no marks of a landing were visible. " They have gone down the stream," he concluded " They will probably follow the river down to the next town, when it will be a difficult matter to trace them." He sprang back into the boat, and gave instructions to the officers to pull with all their might down the current, which they did. The mist upon the great river was intense, so thick that the banks cauld not be seen upon either side, save when they came to a break in it ; and the rowers were enabled to keep the middle of the river with difficulty, being obliged to guess at their course. On they went, straining every nerve in forcing the boat through the waters upon their uncertain chase, for it was doubtful whether the fugitives were be- fore them or not. But this the detective was confi- dent was a fact. Suddenly when they had emerged into a rift in the fog. Belmont who had chanced to glance shore- ward gave a sudden exclamation which caused the rowers to cease their efforts, and under his direc- tion the boat's course was reversed inward toward the bank, A moment later it was reached, and then it be- came evident to the others why the detective had authorized this move. For there upon the sandy shore, drawn up high and dry, was the fugitive boat. But where the fugitives were was, of course, un- known, although the detective had faith that they were not far off. Without a moment's delay he sprang out upon the shore, and caused their own boat to be also drawn upon the bank. Then he carefully examined the foot-prints upon the sands. They pointed into the forest and thither the de- tective followed them with the keen eye of an In- dian trailer until they were lost in the undergrowth. Then he paused to decide upon the best course to now be pursued. There was not a moment to be wasted. Every second placed so much distance between them, and the detective was not long in forming his mode of operation. He gave instructions to each man to separate and cut through the forest, end all meet at a given point. A signal was agreed upon and they started out. For a number of miles the detective plodded on through the undergrowth keeping a sharp lookout in the dark for signs until suddenly he came out into a little forest clearing in the centre of which stood a rude cabin, and from which now emanated a light and the sound of voices. Belmont Brown wilh eager step crossed the clearing and applied his eye to a crack in the rough boards. The sight which met his gaze gave him a thrill. There were congregated the entire murderous gang, Rockwell Forbes included. Fortune seemed to be favoring the brave detective, mid with a thrill of exultation he was about to draw back end repeat the signal for his companions when he received a sudden crashing blow upon the bead, and all became obliv- ious to him. CHAPTER XXVIII. KATIE'S APPEAL. But what was the fate of our heroine, Katie McFar- land, fleeing like a frightened fawn across the meadows, with the gang of mail robbers behind her, whom she imagined were pursuing her, instead of being in their turn pursued by the police? A terrible dread of recapture filled her breast and urged her onward with all the speed and strength she could summon. She would rather by far die than be taken back to Eckhardt Place. So on across the meadow she ran, until at length it seemed as though her tottering knees must give out, and she must fall. Her breath came short and hard, her steps lagged, the exertion was too much. In vain she strove to keep on ; exhausted nature could not stand everything, and at length suc- cumbed, and she reeled and fell forward upon her face. Momentarily she expected to feel the hands of the hated pursuers upon her, but they did not come. And to her surprise the sound of their footsteps rushed by her some rods to the right, and went hur- rying on into the gloom, finally dying out entirely. The pursuers had gone by her. Not knowing the exact reason for this, she naturally attributed it to a special interposition of Providence. The truth was, however, she had been so far in advance of them all the while in the darkness that they had not once caught sight of her, and probably would not have troubled her had they seen her, under the circumstances. Therefore they had totally unaware of her existence, both the fugitives and the officers, passed quickly by, and continued on in the chase. With a hastily murmured prayer of thanks, Katie arose to her feet and staggered away into the dark- ness. Her mission was now an aimless one, and she came near giving way to despair, but with indom- itable courage bore bravely up. No friends had she now upon the wide earth save one, Arnold Burnham, the young post-office clerk, and he was not now in circumstances to render her succor, and the prospect was a dark and cheerless one. There was a scant chance of even saving herself from starvation, unless she adopted the life of a beggar, and she was by far too proud-spirited to do that. She was alone, friendless and moneyless, in a cold, hard world, with little of brightness or en- couragement in the future. It was a severe test for one so young and fair, so frail and unexperienced as herself. But Katie McFarland's was no ordinary nature. There was a wholesome spice of resolution and self confidence in it, which now stood her in good stead. Her plans for the future were at once formed, and she did not waste time in attempting the execution of them. She would make her way to some town as remote as possible from M--, so that her enemies could not trace her, and there seek some light employment, perhaps in a factory, which would enable her to earn an honest living, and beyond this she really cared for little of earth's pleasures. It seemed as though the whole world was pitted against her to accomplish her downfall, and life never seemed so empty to her as now. But she battled bravely against despair, and, choking back her misery, staggered on through the dark night, hardly caring where her footsteps led her, so long as it was away from the scene of her hateful captivity. Soon she had reached the outskirts of the meadow, and found herself in a fringe of timber, which she traversed and came out upon a country highway. Along this she tramped for weary hours, until the breaking of day in the east, when she could go no farther. Her strength gave out entirely, and reeling out upon the green sward by the road side, she cast herself under a clump of hazel, and, nature asserting itself, went fast asleep. And there she slept, beneath the green foliage, with the feathered songsters of the forest flitting from twig to twig about her, and filling the country air with rich melody until the morning sun had reached the meridian, when its heated rays striking her face awoke her, and she arose to her feet. Weak and stiff were her limbs and joints, and she could hardly walk after the fearful exertion of the previous night. She made her way to a sparkling spring near, where she bathed herself and partook of its clear waters, which refreshed her much. Then she returned to the shade of the hazel bushes to de- liberate upon what move it was now best for her to make. And while pondering over this question there sud- denly smote upon her hearing the sound of waggon wheels, and befoe she could draw back into cover there came quickly around the turn in the road, and into full view, a lumbering farm-waggon, drawn by a spirited colt, driven by a cheery-faced farmer, attired in homespun blouse and overalls. Our heroine's position was such that the farmer could not help but see her, and as his gaze caught sight of her slender yet well-proportioned form he puckered his lips into a prolonged "Whoa, Kie!" and with a pleasant smile and bow addressed the maiden. "Ah! fine morning, miss. Going to open your school, are you? Won't you ride ?" At first Katie shrank timidly back, and her first emotion was of alarm. But there was something so cheery and home-like in the farmer's voice and manner that this was immediately dispelled, and she was more than half inclined to yield and accept his invitation. " Come," be said, mistaking her silence for a bash- ful nature, " don't be bashful ; I am a married man- na, ha ! -- and people will know we are not going to elope. I go right to the school house, and it's a good mile yet. You'd better ride." Katie hesitated. Her limbs were exceedingly weak and tired from the exertion of the previous day and a ride would be a great lift to her on her journey. There could be no harm In accepting a ride with this farmer -- it was the fashion of all country people ; and so accordingly, acting, upon a sudden impulse, she made reply in her sweet voice : "Thank you very much, sir. If it will not be too much trouble, I will accept a ride with you." " No trouble at all, miss," said the farmer, with an affable smile, dismounting and assisting her to the wagon seat. "Tain't often I have the pleasure of riding with a young school-marm. I'll have all the boys between here and Four Corners wild with envy." Katie did not say anything to this, but in her own mind drew many inferences. The farmer had undoubtedly mistaken her for the district school-teacher. What if he knew her real character and how she came in those parts? What would he think of her? And during the first half- mile thoughts of such character as these filled her mind. While the farmer sat beside her, softly whistling a merry tune, or occasionally chirruping to his horse, and stealing sly glances at her beautiful but grave and thoughtful face, and wondering much what made the supposed pretty school-marm so very bash- ful. "Ahem!" he at length broke the silence. " Got many scholars this summer? As many as last year?" Katie started, and a vivid flush mantled her fair face. For a moment she hesitated, loth to disclose her real character, but the farmer's question was so pointed that she could not well evade it. "You mistake,"she said, in her sweet voice. "I am not a school-mistress." "Not a school-marm, eh ?" and the farmer started in surprise. "Who -- I beg your pardon. I took you for our district school- ma'am." And now genuine curiosity was depicted upon the farmer's ruddy face. Katie saw that an explana- tion of her business in the locality was due ; so, with all the firmness she could summon, she made reply : " No, sir, I am not the school-teacher, as you sup- posed. I am going to the next town, and have at- tempted to walk the distance." " Ah, traveling eh ? Where from." The farmer's query was now one of unfeigned cu- riosity. Katie blushed again -- this time a more vivid scar- let than ever. It was a most uncomfortable position to her, and she half wished that she had not accepted a ride with the farmer. There was no way to evade the second question, more pointed than the first. What if she should make a full confession to him -- tell him the whole truth ? Would he believe her romantic story and be- friend her? And then of a sudden an impulsive tide of emotion swept over her, and, actuated by an un- controllable, impulse, she burst into a violent flood of tears, and, covering her burning face with her hands, exclaimed in passionate tones : " Oh, sir, you, do not know my wretchedness ! For the love of Heaven I beg of you to befriend me, a friendless girl !" CHAPTER XXIX. THROWN INTO A WELL. With the fearful stunning blow, so unexpected and so terrific in its force, and detective dropped in an unconscious heap upon the ground. The eight which had met his gaze in the rude cabin was one which had given him singular emotions. The interior of the dilapidated structura was bare, and indicated that no human being had dwelt in it for a great while. A fire was blazing upon the rude hearth, and about this were gathered the league of robbers engaged in excited conversation. It was evident that the fire had been made by them, and that they had found the hut untenanted. Ernest Eckhardt was not in the gang ; he had re- mained in the stupefied state in the library of the mansion, and was there at that moment. He had imbibed so much of the wine that he had become comparatively helpless, and consequently was not one of the party who rushed out of the front door and were immediately chased by the police. The Reverend Ebenezer Evans had also remained behind, being in a like state to Eckhardt, and so it happened that no one of the leaders but Forbes was present. The others were Ned Lee and Pete Walsh, the detective not noticing the absence of Jed Har- rigan. Indeed he was not exactly aware how many of the scoundrels there were in the league. And it need scarcely be added that the party who had given the detective the murderous blow was Jed Harrigan. After giving the officers the slip on the river the villains had made their way down stream a distance and then gone ashore, and striking into the forest had come across the dilapidated hut, and as the hour was late and they were wearied with their long chase, and believing themselves beyond pursuit, they had entered the place for the purpose of camping for the night. After they had been in the hut some while they were discovered by the detective, as has been shown, Jed Harrigan happened to be outside, and had seen Belmont Brown advance and apply his eye to a crack in the cabin wall. With stealthy tread, a heavy cudgel in his hand, Jed had crept upon the detective, and with all the strength he could bring to bear had struck him a fearful blow upon the bead, laying him senseless upon the ground. Belmont Brown had not time to articulate a word, so sudden had been the murderous assault, and fell back lifeless. The blow was heard by the others in- side the hut, and an exclamation from Jed brought them all outside a moment later, to find the eaves- dropper lying apparently lifeless upon the award. Forbes advanced and bent over the prostrate man, at the same time saying : " Who is it, Jed? What was he doing here ? " Dunno," replied the ruffian ; " I saw him peeking through a crack, and didn't make any bones of comin' up an' crackin' him over the head." " I guess you've killed him." " Shouldn't wonder. Well, he had not ought to be pryin' into business which did not concern him." " He looks familiar," said Forbes, in a thoughtful tone. " Drag him into the light." The other two villains seized the inanimate body of the detective and dragged it into the hut where the firelight might fall upon it, and Rockwell Forbes advancing and peering into the white set coun- tenance, started back with a cry of unfeigned asto- nishment, not unmingled with joy. " It's that hound, the post-office detective," he said, "The devil has aided us in once more getting him into our hands." The others all uttered exclamations of surprise and fiendish exultation, and gazed curiously into the helpless detective's face. They recognized the great sleuth-hound at once. " Is he dead ?" queried Pete Walsh. Forbes bent down and put his hand over tha region of the detective's heart. He could not feel the slightest beat, yet, to remove all doubt, placed his hand upon the forehead, which was cold and clammy. When he arose he said, decidedly : " Yes, he is dead. That was a terrible blow you gave him, Jed," " Wall, I reckon," chuckled the ruffian, " I didn't mean he should peek through any more cracks." "And by that blow you have insured your safety." said Forbes. " This man is the only person under the sky who knows the secret of the mail robberies. By this blow you have at once put an end to the career of the one man who could send us all to State prison for twenty years or more. You deserve the thanks of the league." " Hurrah!" cried Pete Walsh. "I'll drink your | health on that at some future time, Jed." The ruffian gave vent to a fiendish chuckle, and merely said: " Wall, it warn't sech a difficult job." " No, but it was an effective one," said Forbes. " But it will not do to leave the body here. Besides, he no doubt has friends near, who are even now searching for us. I don't understand how in the deuce he tracked us here." " He must have followed us down the river," said Jed Harrigan. " He might have seen us when we embarked. He was a shrewd coon; I know him well. He sent me to Sing Sing once, on a twenty- year sentence." "But what will we do with the body?" said Forbes, nervously. " If that is a fact that he has followed us down the river and tracked us here, he must have friends not far off. In which case we are not in great safety." " Right you are," said Pete Walsh. " And we I don't want to bring the 'peelers' down upon us. This fire is a give away." " Squelch it," said Forbes, nervously. Without waiting for a second bidding Walsh com- plied and trampled out the fire upon the hearth. Then Belmont Brown's body was dragged outside, and the villains began to deliberate how they were to dispose of it. " Put him in the hut and set the place on fire," sug- gested Jed Harrigan, " They'll never find his bones there." * " No," objected Forbes, whose word was law in the gang. " That will not do. It will give the ' peelers' an idea that we are in the locality, and before we can get far away they may nab us. We must move with caution." "All right," growled Jed. " You suggest an idea." "I have it," cried Walsh, suddenly. " There is a well out back here. Let's throw him down that." "How deep is it? queried Forbes. " I don't know." " Is there water in it?" "I think not." "That is the idea. Let's see what the place is like," said Forbes. Walsh led the way around to the well, and an in- vestigation of it was made. It was found to be dry, and long out of use, but was still some fifteen feet deep. " We will bury him here," said the gambier. " Drag him around this way, boys." The mail robbers obeyed this command and dragged the body [?] per of the hut, and up to the month of t [?] Forbes looked around him in the day[?] in spite of his hardihood shivered. For [?] a realization of the enormity of the c[?] upon him, and, like Judas Iscariot, to [?] ceived it. His die was cast ; it was to [?] the matter, and the only course left f[?] was to brave it out as best he could. And though a desperate and reckless [?] was no easy task for him. Although h[?] com- mitted the black deed himself, he [?] re- sponsible for it as leader of the robb[?]. In the sight of God Almighty h[?] and the brand of Cain would fore[?] The detective's body was cast [?] to the [?] head foremost, with some ex[?] Forbes hi [?] lending a hand. And in the [?]rtion of [?] planking also gave way f [?] and the [?] mouth, and nigh precipitated [?] his victim. Heavy stones were rolled to the mouth of the burial place of the post-office detective, and cast in until it was half filled, when in a not exactly com- fortable frame of mind, though he was assured that his greatest enemy was where he would no longer trouble him, Rockwell Forties left the scene of the dark tragedy. (To be continued.) 