mû flutete» PLAYING THIS WliONG CA11D. ( Continual.) CUATTEB. II. TUE bast of tho King's Arma was as good as bis word ; in a very lew minutes supper was ready ; nod, moreover, it was a supper which did thc King's Anns credit. Thu next day being market-day, was probably a reason fur the larder beiug unusually well stocked ; while thc presence and guarantee of Mr. Hythe of Myrtlo Villa was certainly a reason for drawing npon the beat of that larder's resources. John and William, thc wcll-kuowu first and second waiters, were in attendance ; but ou Mr. Hythe expressing his wish to that effect, they retired, and the party began supping in earnest. Aa might be expected, there was but little conversation at first, what little there was being contributed hy tho founder of tho feast, even bis remarks Binking after a whilo to a very low key, and then chiefly addressed to tho Professor. Civility of course demanded an assenting monosyllable now and again ; but it was plain that the Professor's attention was mainly directed to his supper j yet a chango came over him anon ; he looked uneasily at the speaker, glanced meaningly at his com panions ; then laying down his knife and fo he said, in as low a tono oe fae had bi addressed : ' If you will be good enough wait a few minutes, sir, until we got rid of i child, I think it will be better. I understa you pretty well.' Mr. Ifytho nodded assent ; and ( Professor resumed bis meal, although witt, more troubled aspect than before. His co panions looked wonderingly on during tl whispered colloquy, without speaking, un presently the Professor said : ' Now, sir ; wi your permission, I will give Madcnaoise Lucile one glass of champagne, and then c tho baggage-man to take ber to our lodging for, as you will readily guess, we do not p up at the icing's Arms ; and I do not ca about her keeping very late hours.' ' If you prefer it, 1 will order ber a roo herc,' said Hythe in an undertone. ' She w surely bo very dull in going to a strange hou by herself-will be nervous.' 'Oh, she don't mind !' exclaimed Regaldi with a smile, though there was sadness in i 'In our life, sir, children soon grow out the nervous fancies you are thinking abou The real hardships of life kill the fancif ones, and they get enough of them, poi oreaturea 1' So thc attendant was summoned, and wi directed to take the little girl to Mr Blimmy's, Back Church Row ; a vol different address from tho Market Placo < High-street. When he had fairly gone, Hythe desired tl others to eeleot their wine, light their cigar and make themselves comfortable. 1 And th: you may be more at ease, in a business poit of view,' he continued, ' I will make up yoi losses of to-day, on your giviug me a fai statement ; as I have always been a support» of-of music and tho drama, I suppose fmui Bay.' ' Youare very good, sir ; indeed I donotknoi how to thank you,' said the Professor ; * fo this most awful frost-1 mean this failure has fairly broken us. How we should hav reached the next town, I don't know ; or ho\ wo should have opened when wc got there, don't know either.' 'Have you settled for the room?' bega: Hythe. The other interrupted him with a laugh 'Settled 1 I should think we bad, sir,' he said ' You don't think the landlord here would rui any risk ? I wanted him to appoint somo on to take the money, and so pay himself ; bu he said that was not in his line. Ha h nev the town; / didn't.-But, sir, you wen speaking of somo business in which yoi thought I could serve you. Now the child ii gone, you may speak out.' 'But-you seo it was private,' begat Hythe. 'And so it will bo now, I guarantee, interposed tho Professor. * I will answer foi Charley-that's my friend-and BO would you, if you knew him. Beeidcs, I fancy thc business will be more in his line than my own, if I correctly caught your meaning.' Hythe hesitated a few seconds, as though rather disconcerted at having to confide in twe persons instead of one ; but shaking off thu reluctance, began : ' Seeing the eaBc with which you assumed character after character, each so widdy differing from the others, Mr. Begaldini, and the wonderful manner in which you concealed your identity, it occurred to me that you might, at little trouble to yourself, do a great service to a near relative of my own, who is gradually sinking into fixed melancholy, if not insanity, by dwelling on a fixed idea-a delusion. Now, there will not be the slightest risk to yourself, as you will see, and you will be well paid for your kindness ; 1 ought, perhaps, to say "for your talent," as 1 have no doubt your kindly feeling would prompt you to serve au unfortunate gentleman disinterestedly. I have a brother, Mr. Regaldini ' * Excuse me, sir,' interrupted the Professor ; ' but now thai wo are coming to business, I should take it as a favour if you would call me "Stylos," which is my name, the other being only professional.' - 'Certainly, Mr. StyleB,' assented Hythe. ' Aud your friend 1' ' Well, he really is a foreigner,' said Styles ; ' but not with such a name ns wc bave given him. If you call him Mr. Charles, that will do, and indeed that's what his name means. Now, sir, wo arc at your service' The musician had scarcely spoken a single word in Mr. Hythc's bearing, but had listened intently. ' My brother, gentlemen,' proceeded Mr. Hythe, 'labours under an increasing remorse for a wrong which ho thinks bc did many years ago ; and despite of all argument to provo how unavailing this morbid regret and self-reproach now is, he gives way to it more and more. Nay. so completely has the feeling possessed him, that he will alienate his property from his real family, or ut any rate postpone their possession of it for many years, and even then they will only share it with some charitable institution. My children and I are tho family I refer to, gentlemen. You see I treat you with perfect frankness, as I am not a man to do things by hal ves ; and having said this, you will not wonder when 1 say it is worth my while to give a twenty Couud note, in addition to all expenses and >sses, which latter I will settle at once, in order to get the business, to which I allude done, and well done.' Thc attention of the listeners became keener after this sontence, and Mr. Styles involuntarily bitched bis chair a little closer to tho. speaker, as though anxious not to lose a word. ' My brother '-Mr. Hythe hesitated a little herc, as though he knew that this was tho keystone of his communication-* my brother, carly in life, while on bis travels, was eutangled, as many young men before him have been, by a certain intimacy. Ho says now that he was married ; but that I believe to be a delusion. However, to adopt hia own fancy, he was abroad with his wife, and becoming ashamed, I su/iposc of the con- nection, lie-lu left her; left her with imo child. He was under another name at thc time ; there is no doubt of that ; but he heard of his father's death while he was abroad, and I eo was anxious to como borne to tako Iris property, and not anxious, as you may suppose, to bring borne the half-bred foreigner -a Brazilian, or Bolivian, or something of tbat kind. So hs left ber.-You follow mc so farî' ' Yes, sir ; all right 1' said Styles. ' Yes, sir ; there is no mistake about what your brother did,' said thc musician, speaking for thc tirst timo. He spoke witii a strong forcigu accent, wbich slightly distorted his words, but he spoke readily cuough. ' Serve tho foreign person right, for being such a fool.' 'Ah! well, I won't say exactly that,' rcturnod Hythe, speaking compassionately on behalf of the foreigner. ' It WUB not hand- some on his part ; but there was great excuse fur him. He loft her ali the money lie could spare. But after be came home, his previous infatuation returned, and acted upon him so strongly that ho positively went back to where ho had left ber-New Orleans.' ' New Orleans !' echoed thc musician. 11 bog your pardon, sir, but I follow yon with great interest.' So he probably did, for his thin, cager face was thrust forward, aud his dunken eyes gleamed so brightly under the ragged hair which bung over his forehead and around bis hoad, that Hythe felt almost uncomfortable when ho encountered their glance. 'But be could not find ber,' resumed Hythe; 'yet he heard of her, unfortunately, lie heard a great deal of exaggeration, uo doubt, about her despair at being left; but that would not have mattered BO much, only that he heard also of her having been robbed by those around her, and left with her child almost penniless, She had gone away from Kew Orleans ; and it was supposed she had tried to reach her friends-an attempt almost hopeless, as they were said to live hundreds of miles away ; where, my brother never exactly knew. His mind perhaps was a little affected by some irregularities and exciting adventures in which he bad boen a partaker. Whatever the cause, this incident proyed on him greatly. Ho returned to England, led the lifo of a hermit, kept out of society, and made no secret to mc that bo did not consider himself at liberty to marry, having a belief that his wife-as he called her-was still alive. Wc I-well, his family were naturally satisfied with this arrangement; buta few years ago he had a dream-he talks of it as a vision, a revelation-in which he saw bis wife and child ' ' This child-was it a girl or a hoy ?' asked the musician. ' A girl,' replied Hythe. ' Well he thought he saw them, and they told him the child was still alive, and would live to see bim. On tho strength of this dream, he bas altered his will to tho detriment of his friends, as I have told you ; and as a delusion gets the stronger thc longer it ia indulged in, you will not he in thc least surprised to hear that ho has had thc dream again very recently indeed, and to thc Bamc effect.' ' But how do you wish us to help you ?' asked Mr. Styles, as thc speaker paused. ' I think you said ' .I am coming to that now,' resumed Mr. Hythe ; ' but it was necessary to cntor upon this rather lengthy preamble, that you might understand precisely bow things were, I want some ono to personate a relative of this young woman ; her brother indeed, I have told you she was a foreigner ; consequently her relatives were foreigners also ; and coming as elie did from some precious South American republic, or some such out-of-the-way place, there is not likely to be any ono in England who can say you aro or are not her brother. I have by nie a photograph of the young fellow. 1 had copies taken, unknown to my brother, from one in his possession, os I thought it might come in handy some day. Kow, making yourself up as much like this man as you can, allowing of course for tho lapse of ten or a dozon years, you wait upon Mr. Maurice Hythe, cay you have came over to England on other business, hut called to deliver a message you had held iu charge for several yours ' 'Pardon, sir,' interrupted the musician ; 'but you have tell us that this gentleman was under another name, a name of assumption. If that is so, bc will say, quite natural, how do you know where I live-how do you know me at all ?' ' Hum !-yes ; that's true,' returned Hythe thoughtfully. ' I must think it over. But I fancy I 6eo a way out of the difficulty ; so wc will proceed. When you have introduced yourself, you must speak to him of your sister ; say that when ho left her, she sought refuge with sn old lover to whom she was greatly attached, and telling him that she was left a widow, induced him to marry her ; that she lived with him several years, until both Bhe and Uer daughter died of fever, or cholera, or something.' 'Very good, sir; most good,' said thc musician, as Hythe paused to pour ont a glass of wine. ' Thc idea is excellent. It will bc easy to defame her character. Besides, being dead, and only a foolish girl when alive, wby, it docs not matter.' Hythe cast a doubtful look at the speaker, as though there was something in this mode of support which jarrod upon him. 'Tins communication,' bc continued, ' which I have uo hesitation in saying knowing my brother's character-will bo implicitly received as authentic, will at once and for ever settle all this delirium about dreams and visions.' ' I have heard of some euch plan, when a man thought himself haunted by a ghost,' said Styles ; ' they got some one to represent thc 'Ali ! this ie not at all like that,' hastily interrupted Hythe. 'My brother docs not believe himself haunted, and you will not have to personate any one he has ever seen, You can conic with mc to my house to-night, Mr. Styles, and I will give you thc portrait of the mau you are to personate. ' ' I can't do it, sir-I can't indeed,' said Styles ; ' my nerves arc gone, sir. What with continual ill-luck, and 6ve-and-thirty years of this lifo, and-1 must own-some hard drinking of late, 1 haven't the nerves for such work. That's why I told you to take Charley into consultation. He is wonderful good at all disguises, and I don't helcive be's afraid of anybody or anything in the world.' 'Hut I wos so struck by your cleverness to-night,' urged Hythe, 'that I thought you were just thc mau ; while Mr. Charles here, if that bc his name, cannot have had much experience.' ' Bless, you, sir !' returned Styles, with a melancholy smile, * what you saw mc do, is mere habit and knack. All thc tricks are handed down from one showman to another; there's not a spark of originality in thc business. AB for Charley's experience- ! if he chooses to do it, sir, he can alter Iiis face I while he ia sitting then1, so that you could I hardly know him.-Couldn't you. Charley?' In lieu of answering in words, thc musician hawed his head for a moment, ran his hand hastily through his wild hair, altered his necktie, then suddenly lifting his face, thrust it forward towards Mr. Hythe with so fearful a «rill, and so terrible au expression in his ryes, that the gentleman half leajmd from his chair with an exclamation of alarm, 'Aha !' cried Styles ; 'has he changed bis expression, sir?' *<'hanged his expression!' echoed Mr, Hythe. 'I never was eo startled in my life. I would sooner have found my ucl f face to face with amad wolf ora tiger.-I do not know whether you will take it as a compliment, Mr. Charles, hut I assure you I never saw so hideous a fuco on human shoulders before. I don't waut any further proof of your power.' .Styles laughed at this speech ; so did Charley ; hut whether the latter intended tho grin to bc in keeping with IIÍB wolfish aspect or not. it certainly made Hythe shudder again, and cast a second look, to assure himself that the musician bad not gone suddenly mad. 'You aro satisfied then, sir?' asked Styles. 'I can tell you there is not a mau in the professiou who could have made such a change without paint or dress, as Charley has just done' 'I should think not,' said Hythe, with emphasis ; ' I may almost say I hope not. I should have preferred you, I must own, Mr, Styles ; but after what you have said, I have no choice except to take Mr. Charles.-It will bo as well, sir '-addressing thc musician -' to come with mc at once to my house, which is only on tho outskirts of thc town, and I will give you the photograph.' 'Wo will both go,' struck in Styles; 'a walk will do me good, and Lucile is asleep by I this time.' ' Then your daughter's Dame is really what you call it,' said Hythe, with a smile. ' I did uot feel certain of that, as I must say you allow yourself a good deal of latitude in your selection of names.' ' The public will have it, sir,' replied Styles, very seriously, ' If we were to keep to our own names, or were particular about countries and propriety, and ali that, wc should uot draw a penny. But Mademoiselle is not iny daughter ; she is not related to me ; BIIC is a relative of Charley's,' he continued, dropping his voice-tho musician was putting on bis coat at the further end of thc room, ' lie does not like to talk about her before strangers, yet he dotes upon hor, though bc don't show it, and would kill anybody, or himself, or her either, rather than she should come to any harm. Ho is a strange fellow, he ' The musician coming towards them at this moment, Mr. Styles abruptly checked himself, and after a brief conversation bearing upon the financial result of tho entertainment, tho three left thc King's Arms in company. Very little was spoken among them on tho road to Myrtle villa ; Hythe and ' Mr. Charles ' wero evidently absorbed in re- flection ; while Styles, who would possibly have been more loquacious it left to himself, was overawed by the silence of his companions, and conBciouB perhaps of having drunk sufficient wine to render loquacity dangerous. The inmates of Myrtle Villa had retired ; but Mr. Hythe opened the front-door with his key, and took tho others into what was apparently his own room. Herc he unlocked a dcs*k, and taking from it a packet of photographs, selected one which he threw towards Charles. ' You will find his name on tho back of it,' he said-' Don Something. You of course protend to bc bim. Do you think you can "make up" anything in his style!' ' That he can !' exclaimed Styles, who was looking at the picture over the musician's shoulder ; ' he will do it to perfection, for he has just got the face for it.-Charley, my boy ! if thc part bad been written for you, it could Lot have suited you better.' 'There is one thing, Mr. Hythe, which wo mutt not at all forget,' said thc musician ; he was still looking at the portrait, and he spoke in so low a voice that, his head being bowed, he could hardly bo heard ; ' I cannot arrange without knowing this gentleman's other name. How can I go and sec Mr. Hythe, when you tell mc ho travelled as Mr. Somebody-else Î You said you would think over that. There is no other way but telling me this name.' 'No-I suppose not,' slowly returned Hythe. ' I have been turning it over in my mind a good deal since wc spoke, and I seo it would be absurd for you to go on such an errand and not know his assumed name However, I expect he will be too excited to ask how you found him out. Say, will you uudcrtake tho business? You understand the pay.' ' 1 will undertake it, sir,' said tho musician, lifting his head suddenly. His dark, sallow face ivas almost of an ashy paleness, and although the vicious tiger-like expression was not there, there was something so unearthly in his look, that Mr. Hythe recoiled with au ejaculation which was almost of terror. 'I will undertake it, sir,' said Charles; 'and shall bc quite satisfied to leave all question of pay to yourself. I trust you will say I have done my work thoroughly, when that work is finished. I shall be ready to-morrow. Will that suit?' ' Yes thc sooner the better,' returned Mr. Hythe. ' You arc sure to find him at home that is one comfort.' A short consultation then took place, in which Hythe gave some further advice as to thc proceedings of Mr. Charles, and then the two professionals took their departure. ' A' clever man, no doubt, and will just suit thc business,' muttered Hythe, standing at his door, while he watched his confederates as they crossed a patch of moonlight and then disappeared in thc shadow of Borne buildings. ' A very clever man ; but I think if I had known as much of him when I began as I know now, I would not have had anything to do with him. A foolish prejudice, I daresay ; but it seems as if I were in partnership with a hyena.' (To be continued next issue.) 