THE TRUTH ABOUT ST. PATRICK. . By Dr. WoBiJswoRTH. I._ AVith regard to the precise period at which Christianity wasffirstfintroduced into Ireland, and to the quarter from which it came, we have no authentic record. Some general ex pressions of ancient Ecclesiastical authors appear; to intimate That the Gospel was preaenea tliere in Apostolictimes. The earliest Christian writei'S/of Ireland, who,. mention The 'communication of, the glad tidings of Salva tion to that , country, do not trace it, from Rome, but-: ascribe it To the disciples- of : St. John. . They look back to them as their fathers, in the faith. . However, it is certain, that very little was effected for the propagation of the Gospel in Ireland during the first; four centuries after Christ. Paganism was still dominant. The Priests of Ireland were the Druids.-! - In the year of our Lord .431, a/Missionary was sent, from Italy to That country. His name . was Palladius, and he -came , from Celestinus, Bishop of Rome.. Whether his mission was designed to bo permanent, or whether he was - sent for the' purpose of checking the. progress of the Pelagian heresy, then prevalent in the West, is not clear. But for some reason, whieh/is not recorded, he quitted Ireland, after a .very brief sojourn, and soon afterwards died. , II. St. Patrick is universally recognized as the Apostle of Ireland. He came To that country as a Missionary Bishop the year after Palladius had yisitedlt. The mission: of St. Patrick iS;bne of the . most interesting topics of Church History, and, happily, we possess trustworthy . documents, for, ascertaining; its characTer. ,/- :. .-V The principal of these records is the work composed by St. Patrick himself, in his old age, and. addressed to the people of Ireland, and entitled his Confession. Tliis titlo is not intended to convey the moaning, generally expressed by that word ; The Confession of St. , Patrick is not to be compared ; with the Confessions of St. Augustine,/ and ; other similar works ; but it is to be regarded as a Profession of Faith indited by St. Patrick himself, and as a brief memoir of his own ministry and life. Hence its importance. To the Christian generally, especially to the Christian Missionary, and particularly to those \yh6 are engaged in propagating the Gospel : in Ireland, the. Confession of St. . Patrick will over be a work of deep interest. It is written in Latin, in a simple and homely style, and indeed somewhat , rude and rugged, as the Author himself ingenuously and modestly avows. But this fact does not detract from its intrinsic value. The diction reminds The: reader that .the Author was not tutored in: schools of hiimau learning. ;. but tjie record of; the sufferings he endured, and of the labours he performod in the cause of the Gospel, and. the spirit :of zeal, and couragq ; with which he toiled in the work of Christ, in ;an: almost barbarous country, for sixty years, affords a- cogent proof that ho was indeed a " good man, full of the Holy Ghost." , St. Patrick . was not an; Irishman, nor an Italian. . His baptismal, name Succath, seems to, be of Teutonic or Celtic origin. He. mentions The place of his, birth by; its Latin .appellation. Archbishop- Usher supposes that This spot is Kirkpatrick in Scotland, between Dumbarton and Glas gow, on The banks of the Clyde. - It is, indeed generally allowed That St.- Patrick was born either/ in Scotla;nd or in France. For. reasons which ii'eedTiot be enumerated, it seems to be ; probable that he was. a native of Scotland.: One may be specified. - In St. Patrick's age, the Slave Trade was carried on in these countries. He relates. That when ho was only sixteen years old, he himself was captured by Pirates, and sold into a foreign land. The country to; which he was carried was the north of Ireland. And he " mentions, that many thousands of. his countrymen ..were seized and, taken with liiiri. If we consider these circum stances, and recollect, how small and incom modious the vessels of that age were, %ve cannot suppose it very probable, tliat, if tliese many thousnnd slaves had .been captured in France, the Pirates would liave chosen to carry their cumbrous freight: by, so long , and cir cuitous a voyage as to thejnorth of Ireland ; but to rio place were they riiore likely to have carried them than to the north of Ireland; if They, had captured them in.Scotland. , If this be" a Correct conclusion, tliere would be ja pleasing Interest in the reflection, that Soot- land, which afterwards, received so much of; Christian illumination from Ireland, and even derived its name Scotland from that island;, (for Ireland was , the primitive Scotia, and was commonly called by that name till the tenth century,) should have given St. Patrick —the Apostle of Ireland— to that country. But not to dwell upon this point, and to; consider liirn in his exile. He wn.s servant to a heathen master, in a wild country, amid savage tribes, and was sent to feed sheep. , He draws an affecting picture of his own condition at that' time. "Often (he says) in'/ wintry nights, I wandered ajahepherdbn the ihbunr tains of Ireland. L Ts dreuehed by rains, and chilled by dews and frost." But' iriPis solitary-hours he had communings with Gb'd, and in the school of friendlessne.ss arid afiliB- tiori, and under the influence of the sky ari'd stars, the blessed Truths of Revelation, wliibh had been planted by his parents iri his mirid but had hitherto lain dormant there, awoke and stirred within him. " Often I slept on the hills and in the forests, and rose before dawn to pray." It was "good for him to have been in' trouble." By means of servitude he became the freeman of Christ, and banishment frorii his 'country brought him home to God. Thus hislife was spent till his TwentyThird year. He then escaped from captivity, arid rotiirried to; his native land. : But he would not remain there.' ' He- had seen the people -of Ireland -" scattered 'like sheep without a shepherd," ' on the mpuritains of error, and- unbelief ; and his heart was moved within him when he thought of then ;hdpless condition, /and he resolved, with the Diyihe aid, lo bring them home' to the fold of Christ. With a noble spirit of .Christian 'forgiveness and of Christian s'elf- saeriflce, -he would return good for evil, and would foregoTlie joys of home, in order to preach the Gospel, where he had been an exile/hrid a slave. '.' . .. - 'Accprdinglyj after 'some -years of religious prepnratiori, he received the Holy orders of 'Deacon;: Priest, and Bishop'; and in tlie year of purHprd 432, he returnedToIreland. Thei% he spent the' residue of his'lifn— a period'of sixty years. During thattimo, he traversed the greater part of the country, preaching the Gospel, baptizing, planting Churches, and ordaining Bishops, Priests, arid ' DeacPris: Almighty God blessed his labours with ' an abundant harvest ; he never quitted the field, and, full of labour and of years,' and like a reaper- with his sheaves around him, he fell asleep in Christ. ,III. Let us here pause to observe The different degrees of success which attended the two missions of Palladius, and of St". Patriek, respectively. Palladius came froiu Italy and Rpinc, the centre of learning and civilization. / Wo have no ground for siip- po.sing that he was inforior in zeal to. St. Patrick : - and, in all probability, he was his superior in some other endowments. But it does riot appear that the inission of Palladius bore any 'fruit; St. Patrick lyas not eminent foTerudition : hut he enjoyed one advantage, notpOssessed by his more learned predecessor. ' He had been many years in Ireland before ho en-tercd it as a Missioriary.. He was 'familiar with the habits of the people. He had le-arnt their language. Thus he had a key to their hearts. Here was a main cause of his suc- cess. "This is an important consideration for all who ai'o engaged in missions to That country; How happy would be the condition of Ireland at this day, if all, who had on-- deavourcd To evangelize it; had followed The steps of St. Patrick I , ly.; Let lis now proceed to inquire-— In what relation did St. .'Patrick stand. To the See of Rome ? , Was he sent to Ireland by. the Bishop of that Church ? , . Did/Rome lay claim to supremo jurisdiction in Ireland in his age ? And did ho acknowledge that claim ? 1\. First, suppose, for argument's sake, that St. Patrick was sent by Rome, it would" notj follow that those whom ; he baptized were subject to the Church who sent him.: If this- argument were of ..any /-weight, then , all Churches, and Rome ariaorig .them, .would be; subject to the Church of Jerusalem. For,' all: ; the' Apostles came forth from her. ' Out; of Zion went forth; the law, and .the word of God from Jerusalem." She was the mother Church of Christendom. "But whols Paul ' who is Apollos ?" Grant, then, that the in-: habitants of Ireland were baptized by a Roman Missionary, then by baptism they did not be- come subject to Rome- but to Christ. ' - 2\. But was St. Patriek sent from Rome ? did' the Apostle of Ireland come from that city ?i If so, inasmuch as he came , to Ireland in- the year 432, he was sent by Celestino,. then. Bishop of Rome. Prosper Aqiiitanus lived, at that time. - He" compbsed Annals of the Church, and was a friend of Celestine, Bishop of Rome, and a' notary of the Roman See. He does not omit>' to record, in his History, that Palladius, whose/ mission was only for a few months, and ap-; pears tq .Inave : been . almost aborti ve, was sent - from Rome by Celestino. But tlic mission of St. Ptatrick,: who came to Ireland in The next year, and who preached tlie Gpspol therewith: great success for half a century, is not men-" tioned by Pfbspbr at all. If :St. Patrick had' been sent from Rome, .Prosper must liave- . known the fact, and knowing it, he would, ha-ve recorded it.. Therefore,, we .conclude, thakSt. Patrick was /not sent To /Ireland by : the Roman See. ; V , 3. Again : to speak 6f,.,our own records. The most ancient of English Church His torians is the yenerable Bede, who was, born, A.D. 672-les8 than two hundred years after/ St. Patrick's death. He was supplied with : materials for his History ffoin the archives of Rome. And, as might naturally have been expected from what Rome.: then -was, ; arid from benefits which England had, derived from her, and, as might also be supposed from the influence which Rome exercised, in the Anglo-Saxon Church in which: Bede was reared, , he composed his history with, a : favourable bias towards Rome, and omits no opportunity of advancing her credit some times; even to the disparagement of . the -ancient British and Irish Churches, It is a striking fact— few are more striking in Church History— that Bede, who records in his History the mission of Palladius to lreland, and often refers to the affairs of the Irish .Ciiurcb,, never mentions in it evenithe.naraej of .St. Patrick. .'/.What may we tliencesinfer ? . , if 'St. Patrick had beep sent from, Rome,; /Bede, who had access to the Roman; archives, , 'and who records the mission of Palladius, and was one of the most learned men of his age, must have known the fact, and would have communicated it to. the world.. Full of zeal for Rome, as she then va8; ho, would not have , failed to dpj ho'nonri to the glorious career of Si/ jPatrick'; he\ybuld ve dwelt with delight on .the. exploits of the Apostle of Ireland, if the Apostle of Ir had been an emissary of Rome, v,,; ' ;Hehce,: >m brought to the con- clusion' thiit St, Patrick was not sent by the Roman. Church. , I ! 4. Here, to obviate misconception, lot us observe, that it is no part of our argument to ; aflirm,that St. Patrick opposed iRome. No. , As far as'he had!any, relations andicommuni- catipnS; with ,iher,'.;they. wore;, those. |0fj such .; amity and , respect as were due. to, so greatj and i /venerable a Church as vRome .then; was ; ; hut ; the truih is, that.indiis days;sho laid nO; claim to junsdictioh in tho country, wheredieiwas a Bishop, and where ho, plan ted . .the.- Church, of Christ. St. .Patrick and;. the Church of .St. Patrick were independent and free. , > " 5. But to return, it may ho asked, how is Bedo's silence to be explained / Cur concern, let us observe, is with the fact of: hi.s silence, andjwith fhe inferences to be derived from it : but wo are not bound to account for it. , But, 'still the question is, im portant ; and let us, consider it. .The Church of. Ireland in the ago of Bode concurred with the ancient Church of Britain in resisting the growing encroachments , of the Rotnan See. . Tlio independence of .the Irish Church in Bede's age, and its vigorous opposition to'the aggressions of Rome at that time, afford a strong presumption, that the Apostle of Ireland was not sent by Rome, and was not dependent upon Rome. The freedom of the Irish Church, fouhded by St'. Patrick,' affords a'strohg presumption that St. Patrick himself, its founder, was free. ' 'Bede, as was before remarked,, was pro- possessed in favour of Rome, and viewed with coldness the independence of the Church of Ireland in his own age. Wo need not pause to inquire, whether there might not iiavo been something of too much' eagerness and vehemence iii the conduct of some of tlie ancient Irish Ecclesiastics to wards Rome as, assuredly, there was too much of haughtiness and assumption in her bearing towards tlieth.' We only state the fact of the differences and disputes between them, and note the side to which Bede leaned. This being the case, it'may well be supposed, that Bede did riot feel' induced to go im quest of .Irish Saints of an earlier date, arid to com- m'einornto them in his Church History. While he was too honest a' man to . detract from the credit of Ireland's Apostle, and. to tarnish , the glory of St. Patrick, yet ho would riot make any effort to eulogize one who had fo'unded a Chu'rchj which showed' itself resolved ribrto admit the claims of Rome,' modest as those claims wore in comparison with what she advanced in a later age. I Hence, we may explaiii the remarkable fact, that the name, of St. Patrick, is not mentioned in the History of Bode. , 6\. And here ' we may . add an important, consideration. ' If St. Patrick had been dependent on Rome, —if ho had 'recognized' any thjng like the Supremacy which'she now claims,' it is certain that'hismame would not have been omitted by Bedo. Few names 'would have occurred more frequently 'in -Bede's History than his. For Rede gives full reports of the differences and' debates between the,' Romish and Irish Clergy in' the intervah'of time between 'St. Patrick's rage and' His 'own. 'Now, 'if B'edo: could have said— if the' Romish Clergy could have said, in" their' altercations' with the Irish Cl_crg',-7that St. Patrick was, an cmissiiry f'rom-.Roirie,' — if they could have shown that bo was obsequious to Rome, and deferred in all things to'horj can it be imagined that they would never have urged this 'argument against the Irish Clergy who opposed Rome ? "Would they not have ' e'xpostulated with the Irish Clergy thus,— You not only resist' us, you'are not onl)' disobedient" to the Roman See, but you are ' treacherous to St. Patrick ; you areungrriteful' to your own Apostle who obeyed llomei and taught you, by his example, to'do so. Do' you not feel remorse and shame in'deserting him ? "Will you not show your selves faithful disciples of St. Patrick by following his steps ? ' -' Here would have been a triumphant appeal. "We know wbat'rise', is now made of this argu ment by those who 'imagine that St. Patrick came from Rome, and was dependent on it ; and'their' use of 'this argument in our days affords striking' evidence of the use which would have been made of it by' R'oinish Ecclesiastics in-' the; centuries: immediately succeeding St. Patrick, 'if 'ho. had been do- pendenf 'bn Rome, and' if _ 'Ro'irie ' had been snprerac in Ireland, in' his age. ' - - - i. To he continued.) 