DEAD MEN'S SHOES. CHAPTER XLXI.—(Continued). BT THE AUTHOR OF " LADY AUD LEY'S SECRET." Inexorable time, like death, advances with measured tread. It is Friday, the eve of that ill-omened bridal, and Sibyl sits alone in herpretty morning- room—the room in which Joel found her on his return from York. She has made all her arrangements for her journey, packed her trunks, and labelled them for the steamer Ganges. Her own firm hand has written those labels —Mrs. Pilgrim, passenger to Calcutta— Joel looking on all the time with that ugly smile of his. One small leather bag is unlabelled, and in that Sibyl has put her little stock of trinkets, a small supply of under-linen, and the marble-paper covered book containing the diary she kept at Mrs. Hazleton's. She has kept no diary at Lancaster Lodge. She is alone now, exhausted by a long morning devoted to the task of packing. Marion has been with her, pretending to help, full of exclamations and congratulations, wonderment and curiosity. " It doesn't seem so much of a match after all," Marion has observed candidly. " But I suppose this Mr. Pilgrim is awfully rich, and money is what you like, Sibyl. However, I must say if I had been you I should have tried to lead Sir "Wilford Cardonnel on a little further. He did seem very much taken with you, and every one was surprised that it only ended in a flirtation. But men are such deceivers, as some one says in an old song—one foot on somewhere, and one on somewhere else, to one thing constant never." Sibyl has contrived to got rid of her sister a little before dinner-time. Marion is to be at the wedding, and is to officiate as solo bridesmaid, but there has not been time for her to get a new dress made, a fact which she does not omit to bewail with much lamentation. " It's the worst apology for a wedding I over heard of," she remarks, " but I suppose you'll recompense yourself for all this with balls and parties when you get to Calcutta." " Yes," answers Sibyl, with a faint smile, " I shall enjoy myself immensely in Calcutta." It is seven o'clock, a lovely summer evening, and Sibyl sits by the disordered table, scattered with books and papers. She is very pale, and there is a look of apathy in her face and attitude, as if she had abandoned all effort and surrendered herself to fate. She is startled from this blank listlessness by the announcement of Sir Wilford Cardonnel. No visit could surprise her more than this at such a time. " Sir Wilford told me to say that he wishes most particularly to see you alone, ma'am," says the servant; "he will not detain you long." "You had better bring him up here. Mr. Pilgrim is in the drawing-room, I suppose ?" " Yes, ma'am." " There is not much to attract him now in this white, wretched face," thinks Sibyl, with a hurried look at the glass, which reflects the shadow of a vanished beauty. Sir Wilford enters breathless, and evidently strongly agitated. "My dear Miss Faunthorpe," he says hurriedly, "I only came home from the north this afternoon, and heard of this intended marriage. I rode over at once. Can I be of any use 1 You honored me with your confidence, and I told you that if ever the hour should come when you needed a friend, you might command me. Let me be'your friend to-day. Let me stand between you and the tyranny that is being practised—let me save you from " " A crime ! You are all that is good and generous, Sir Wilford; and if I needed help I would ask for yours. But I need none." " What do you mean 1 Your marriage is appointed for to-morrow morning. You, the wife of another man, are to be married to this Mr. Pilgrim." "The marriage is appointed for to-morrow, hut no such marriage will take place." "How will you prevent it?" " In a very simple manner. The bride will be missing." "You are going away?" "Yes. I am left with but one resource flight! I shall be far away from Redcastle at eleven o'clock to-morrow." " You are sure of being able to escape— sure that no coercion will be used?" "I think not. I have acted my part carefully during the last few days, and Mr. Pilgrim believes that I am resigned to the inevitable. My trunks are all packed for India. I have labelled them with my own hands." " And you have made every arrangement for going away ?" asks Sir Wilford, anxiously. " You have friends to whom you can go?" " Yes, I have made all arrangements. I have decided where to go," replies Sibyl after a pause. "Pray trust me," pleads Sir Wilford, earnestly. "Think of me no longer as your lover, but your friend only. You must need friendly counsel. Do not take any step unadvisedly. You have played a desperate game for your uncle's fortune, and, as it now turns out, a losing game. Would it not be wiser—better in every way, even at this last moment, to confess the truth to your uncle ? He might forgive you. You might even retain your hold upon Ms affection." " Impossible. You do not know my uncle Trenchard as I do. I thank you for your friendship, Sir Wilford, but this is a case in which advice is useless. There is but one course open to me. It is one that I ought to have taken long ago, perhaps— the only straight and womanly course. But I have stubbornly pursued my own plan, and the end is failure." " If you would only confide in me—if you would only tell me where you are going —to whom 1" " I am going to my husband." " Then I can say no more. I feel that you are taking the right course. If—if " here SirWilford hesitates and blushes —" if you should be in want of ready money for your travelling expenses, or for any emergency which you may not foresee, pray suffer me to be your banker. I cashed a cheque at the bank as I came up the town," taking out a well-filled pocket-book. " Let me lend you fifty or a hundred in small notes." " You are too good," exclaims Sibyl, touched by the thoughtfulness. "But I have money, and money's worth which will serve me abundantly. I promise that if ever I am in desperate need of help—in such need as my husband and I have known in the past—I will apply to you. I will not bo too proud to be a'petitioner." "Thanks for that promise. And now good-bye. I will not intrude upon you any longer; but if anything should happen within the next few hours—if there should be any attempt at constraint ou the part of your uncle, or Mr. Pilgrim, send a messenger to me, and I will be at your side as soon as my horse can carry mo ; or I will stay in Redcastle to-night, if you like, at the ' Coach and Horses,' so as to be nearer at hand in case I am wanted." " Believe me, there is no occasion. If the worst comes I have but to declare my " Then good-bye. I will not wish that we may meet under happier circumstances, for it will bo happier for me not to see you. But I do most heartily wish you every happiness Providence can bestow." " I am not very hopeful," answers Sibyl, with a sigh. " I begin to think that I flung away my chance of happiness when I tried to win fortune." And thus they part, Sir Wilford honestly anxious for the welfare of the woman he has loved, Sibyl touched by his devotion. She goes down to the drawing-room presently, and finds Joel Pilgrim walking up and down in the twilight, with by no means a radiant brow. "You have had a 'visitor," he says, frowning upon her as she enters. • " Only Sir Wilford Cardonnel, to offer me his congratulations," she answers, lightly. " Only your former admirer," sneers Joel. " I should hardly have thought lie would have considered your marriage a subject for his congratulations." " He is more generous than you give him credit for being." " So it seems. I don't, as a rule, credit my acquaintance with an unlimited amount of generosity." They dine together tete-a-tfte, and Sibyl seems at her brightest throughout the meal, which is conducted with the strictest ceremony, and lasts a long time. Gladly would she have escaped the weariness of Mr. Pilgrim's detested society for these last few houts, but she wishes to disarm suspicion by every means in her power, so as to leave herself free and unfettered at the last. Her fascinations, which have stood her in such good stead with the rest of the world, seem to be wasted on Joel Pilgrim. He is gloomy and absent-minded all dinnertime, eats little, but drinks a good deal, and when Sibyl leaves him to return to the drawing-room he does not follow her with lover-like haste, but sits brooding over his wine for half an hour, and then goes straight upstairs to Stephen Trenchard's room. Mr. Trenchard is lying on the sofa, wrapped in his dressing-gown, with all the apparatus of invalidism around him, medicine bottles, hothouse grapes, soda water on the table by his side, a fire burning on the hearth, though it is nearly midsummer, for ill-health has made the Anglo-Indian inclined to chilliness and shiverings. He looks up with a frown as Joel enters. " I thought you were never coming near me any more," he says fretfully. "I have been devoting myself to my intended bride. Such affection as she lavishes upon me deserves some return." " Spare that poor child your sneers. She is much too good for you. Have you succeeded ?" " Entirely. The bank consents to discount my bills for the required amount. I have told them that I am buying an estate in this neighborhood, and have to complete the purchase to-morrow." " Have they sent you the money 1" asks Mr. Trenchard, eagerly. " No. But I shall have it to-morrow morning. I have telegraphed them that the purchase is to be completed to-morrow at eleven o'clock, and so it is, only it is another kind of purchase—the purchase of a lovely wife—which is to be concluded at that hour. I shall have the money—ten notes for a thousand each—by the first post to-morrow morning." " I'm glad of that." " You are drawing the life-blood out of the concern, remember. There is very little hope of the business surviving such a withdrawal of capital." " Then, dear Joel, it must go. If it were a question of capital you might have some occasion to look unhappy about it, but as I am only absorbing your superfluous credit " " Superfluous," echoes Joel, derisively. " Yes, my dear Joel, a man of your abilities should be able to extend his credit to an almost illimitable measure. The more he owes, the more reason his creditors have for upholding his credit. Debt is the most solid foundation a commercial house can be planted upon, for its pillars have their bases in other people's pockets. You're sure the bank will send the money ?" "As sure as one can be of anything in this world." "Kemember, no money no marriage. And a telegram to my Calcutta lawyer to make short work of Pilgrim and Company." " I understand. No quarter. Don't be uneasy. Your demands shall be met and fully satisfied." It is midnight, and Lancaster Lodge is at rest. A light still burns, as it burns all night in Mr. Trenchard's room, brighter than the ordinary lamps of a sick chamber, a light by which the invalid can read if he pleases ; for Mr. Trenchard's slumbers are often disturbed, and in every night he has some wakeful hours. Podmore, the butler, who sleeps in the room over his master's, comes down at stated intervals to give the invalid his medicine. A secondary door near the head of the bed in Mr. Trenchard's room opens on to a small landing on the staircase leading to the servants' quarters. By this servants' staircase Podmore descends and ascends ; through this door, almost hidden by the ample draperies of the tall Arabian bed, he enters and departs, noiseless as a ghost in the silent watches of the night. Mr. Trenchard has protested more than once that he is quite well enough to look after his own medicine, and wakeful enough at the appointed hours; but Dr. Mitsand has laid a stress upon the matter, and has insisted upon Podmore being responsible for the administration of those gentle tonics, not strong enough to hurt a baby and too mild to take effect upon the constitution of a healthy rabbit. Whereby Podmore's nights are made a burden to him from the necessity of arousing himself at certain intervals, and the ticking of his big silver watch under his pillow is as the stroke of doom. Sibyl spends her quiet hour between midnight and one o'clock in writing to her uncle Stephen. That which she dares not tell him she finds courage to write, knowing that her letter can only reach his hands after she has left Redcastle, and in all probability for ever. If he is desperately angry, as she believes ho will be, she will not see his anger. If it is in his nature to forgive her, severance may hejp to soften his feelings and touch his heart. After all it is just possible that the hold she has obtained upon his affections is too strong to be loosened, and that love may extinguish wrath. She would have been more ready to hope this before the coming of Joel Pil- grim, that roof has changed her uncle's feelings towards her, that as Joel's influence has increased hers has grown less. In that letter she tells Stephen Trenchard the true story of her marriage—tells bow from utter destitution, with starvation staring her in the face, she fled to him for shelter and comfort. <Of the hope of inheriting his fortune she says nothing, but her story in all other respects is fully and truthfully told. " When I first came beneath your roof," she writes, " I hoped to be able some day to tell you of my marriage, to win your pity and regard for my husband; but when I discovered your rooted hatred of his name and race, when I found how deeply the old wound still rankled, I lost courage and kept my secret, at the hazard of seeming the worst of deceivers should you ever discover the truth. " The hour has come when I can keep my secret no longer. I go out into the world to seek my husband, to share his home, howaverhumbleorhowever wretched. If you can bring yourself to forgive me, if you can believe that I have been grateful for all your goodness, as Heaven knows I have been, if you can take the more generous view of all past wrongs and extend your kindness to the guiltless son of your enemy, it shall need but one word to bring me back to you.—Your grateful and dutiful niece, " SIBYL SECRETAN." She feels a thrill of joy and pride as she signs her own rightful name for the first time 6ince she left her husband. Even in this hour of uncertainty—the wide world, so cruel to unprotected poverty, all before her—she is glad that the mask has been thrown aside, and that she is her honest self once more. She addresses the letter to Stephen Trenchard in a bold, firm hand, and places it conspicuously on the mantelpiece of her little sitting-room, where it must be seen by the first person who enters the room next morning. I have played my game and lost!" she thinks, as she lies down for a few hours, if possible to rest, sleep she knows to be im- " If I had won I wonder whether success would ever have recompensed me for all I have suffered from the bitterness of an acted lie—for the many hours in which I have pretended to bo happy with a gnawing pain at my heart ?" CHAPTER XLIII. THE PASSING-BELL. About half-past nine o'clock on that Saturday morning which has been talked of as Sibyl Faunthorpe's wedding-day, Bedis disturbed by a sound of ill omen. No blithe marriage peal rings out on the soft summer air, but the slow and solemn passing-bell tolls dismally from the minster tower, and strikes on every heart with its grim reminder of mortality. Let that bell sound as often as it will, it carries always the same message, and something less or more than mortal must be the ear which can hear its direful note with indifference. Before the day is old, Redcastle has subjectmatter for the talk of a year. Wonder, curiosity, and an atmosphere of excitement pervade the town. Business, if not suspended, is performed in an absent-minded, perfunctory manner. People group themselves in doorways, hang over counters, lounge in public-house bars, gather at the street corners, and there is but one name in every mouth, and that name is Trenchard. A name no more worn upon earth—a name that is a name, and nothing more henceforward. It is no longer the docket of humanity, but a mere collection of letters to be engraven on a tombstone. Stephen Trenchard is dead. He was found dead in his bed, at nine o'clock this morning, by the expectant bridegroom, who went to his room at that hour to wake him, and found him locked in a slumber for which earth has no key. " Very sudden!" exclaims Eedcastle. "We knew that the dear old gentleman was ailing, but we did not expect this. At his age, though, of course, life is precarious, the thread worn to attenuation, easily snapped. How about the old gentleman's will ? And is Miss Faunthorpe sole heiress?" " That will not be known till after the funeral," says Redcastle, "and we must languish for some days in suspense." " How does Miss Faunthorpe take it ?" asks Redcastle, "and Mr. Pilgrim! The match between those two will be off now, most likely. A sad loss for the gentleman, a happy escape for the lady. She will marry Sir Wilford Cardonnel after all perhaps, and take a leading position in the county. How uncertain is life? How wonderful are the ways of Providence ?" Mrs. Stormont and Mis. Groshen send oat their pages for black-edged notepaper of superfine quality, and rather deeper than the usual complimentary mourning, and pen elaborate letters of condolence, interlarded with appropriate quotations from the Scriptures. The silver cord and the golden bowl are brought out, with various other similes, which, by much use or misuse, have been, as it were, dragged in the gutter of commonplace composition. " I will venture to call to-morrow, my sweet friend," concludes Mrs. Stormont," to mingle my tears with yours. I hope you will feel equal to seeing me. Poor Fred is broken down with grief at the thought of what you must suffer." Inside Lancaster Lodge there is confusion worse than death. Dr. Mitsand has been summoned to the death-chamber, not at Joel Pilgrim's bidding. What can a doctor do for the dead ? Mr. Pilgrim has asked contemptuously. The best of them can do little enough for the living. It is Mrs. Skinner, the housekeeper, who has sent for Dr. Mitsand. Podmore is helpless and useless on this awful morning. He sits in his pantry stricken, as if the blow has stupefied him. The blinds are down iu Stephen Trenchard's room, as they are throughout the darkened house, but Joel, who has wandered in and out of the room while the last offices have been performed for the dead, has flung the windows wide open to the warm June morning, and the sceut of the roses floats in from the garden below, mingled with the more subtle perfume of blossoming limes. Dr. Mitsand has started on his morning rounds when the messenger was sent for him, and it is noon when he calls at Lancaster Lodge. Joel receives him in the study, grave, sorrowful of countenance, but tranquil. " This is a sad event, Dr. Mitsand," he says. " Not more sad than it is unintelligible, Mr. Pilgrim," answers the doctor. " There was not the slightest indication of a fatal termination to Mr. Trenchard's illness when I saw him yesterday—nothing to alarm the most anxious of medical men." " Something wrong about the heart, I suppose," suggests Joel. " We shall see if it was that." "You mean " " I mean that this is a case which calls for an inquest. You would have no objection, I suppose ? As Mr. Trenchard's sonin- law, I naturally regard you as in some manner a member of his family." " Why should I object ? But it is rather out of the usual course, is it not, to hold an inquest upon a man who has been in failing health for a long time, and whose death, although sudden, may be taken as the natural termination of his illness ?" " I beg your pardon. Death comes too soon and too suddenly to be taken as a natural termination here. I am as much surprised at Mr. Trenchard's death as if I had left him yesterday in robust health. I gave Miss Faunthorpe my assurance that there was no danger, or likelihood of danger in her uncle's condition. Poor young lady ! The blow will be a terrible one for her. How does she bear it ?" " That is a question I cannot answer, for I have not seen her to-day. She went out this morning before breakfast—indeed, before any of the servants were up—and has not come in yet." " That is very strange. This was to have been her wedding day." " It was." " And she leaves the house before the servants are up, and does not appear again ? It is now between twelve and one." " It is strange, but true." Dr. Mitsand is evidently disturbed by this intelligence. "Pardon me, Mr. Pilgrim, if I say something not quite agreeable to you," he says after a pause, " but was there no coercion used on the subject of this marriage? It was arranged rather suddenly, and we in Kedcastle had an idea that Miss Faunthorpe's affections were engaged in another direction. When I spoke to this poor young lady the day before yesterday, I certainly perceived indications of mental disturbance. She was feverish, unduly excited, her appearance haggard, her eyes sunken. Did she freely consent to this marriage, Mr. Pilgrim? Were you and sho on good terms ?" " On the best possible terms. Ask Podmore, who waited on us at dinner yesterday when we dined tlte-a-t£le." " Then you can imagine no reason for what I may call Miss Faunthorpe's disappearance ?" "None whatever. Her trunks are packed for our Indian journey. She di- rected them with her own hands. I do not say that the alliance was a love match on her part, as it was on mine. But she knew that I was devoted to her, that her uncle had set his heart upon our marriage, and she was quite reconciled to the idea." " I am glad to hear that; for I was inclined to fear that her wandering away at such an early hour this morning might be the result of mental disturbance—the mind thrown off its balance by extreme distress. She left the house before any ono knew of her uncle's death, you say?" " She certainly left the house before I knew of it," answers Joel, gravely. " And before it was known to any of the household ?" "Yes. She was gono when the servants went down to open the house. They found the chain and bolts of the front door " The lodgekeeper must have let her out." " No; she must have gone out by a door in the garden wall which opens into the lane that divides Sir John Boldero's grounds from these. The door is locked on the inside, and the key hangs on a nail beside the door. The door was found to bo unlocked and the key left in the lock." " Very deliberate," says Dr. Mitsand ; but lunatics and sleeping walkers are wonderfully deliberate in their actions. The mind travels in a certain groove, but it goes steadily enough in that groove." The doctor's impression is that Sibyl, urged into an uncongenial marriage, has been goaded into a state of temporary derangement. That is the theory by which he explains her extraordinary absence. " This poor girl may be wandering about the country," he exclaims, " and may come to harm. Have you made no attempt to find her ?" " No, I have had enough to think about in the awful event of tin's morning. Until an hour or so ago I thought it possible that Miss Faunthorpe had gone to her uncle Robert's. She might have something to say to her sisters, I thought, on so eventful a morning. It was only when Marion came here at ten o'clock, expecting to find Sibyl, that I began to take alarm. And even then my mind was too occupied to realize " " I understand. I sympathize with you, my dear sir," cries the good-natured doctor. " But I feel really concerned for this poor girl. For the dead we can do but little. Science will enable us to establish the cause of death, but beyond that last duty there is, alas ! nothing. But for the living we must be active. I should recommend you to send in every direction you can think of to search for Miss Faunthorpe, and to communicate with the police. With a mind thrown off its balance, one knows not what may happen. There is always the fear of a suicidal tendency." True," says Joe) Pilgrim, with a gloomy look which may mean fear, love, anxiety, or anything else, but which certainly indicates a mind ill at ease. " I will go down to the police office at once. I will send some of the servants to look for her." " One word before you go. Tell me how you discovered our poor friend's decease." At nine o'clock in the morning. Podmore had gone to him at four to give liim his medicine, and had left him sleeping tranquilly. I came down to breakfast at eight, breakfasted alone, and at nine went upstairs to take my Mend his letters, and to ask his advice about a business letter which the post had brought me. I knocked at his door—no answer ; knocked again, and louder—the same result. This alarmed me at once, for I knew him to be a light sleeper. I ran downstairs to the hall, called Podmore, and went up the back stairs with him to theotherdoorof Sir. Trenchard's room, a door always left unlocked to admit Podmore, who, as you know, has valeted bis master of late. We went in, and found Mr. Trenchard lying to all appearance in a quiet sleep, but it was the sleep of death." No signs of a straggle, no disturbance of the features?" None." ' Very mysterious. There was nothing amiss with the heart; no organic disease of any kind. I have used the stethoscope frequently since the bronchial tubes have been a little irritated. There never was a sounder organization." " You would like to see him ?" says Joel, interrogatively. " Immediately." (To be continued.) CoKsrDEHABLY more than 2000 telegrams of congratulation and anxious inquiry have been received by Her Majesty and the Royal family since the infamous attempt on the life of the Queen. 