A Dismembered Ghost. SOME years ago there was a house in Dedham, Massachusetts, which was haunted by a small yellow ghost. This ghost—a female—was an alarming ghost to contemplate, for she had been cut in two at the waist, and made a point of walking up and down the room carrying the upper part of her body under her left arm, with the head hanging down and the eyes wide open. Exorcism was tried, but without effect, by a Methodist, and also by a Congregational minister, and although the local Episcopal rector asserted that the failure of the exorcists was owing to the fact that they were not properly ordained, and said that he was ready to exorcise the ghost him- self, his services were not accepted. One night a young engineer of much intelligence and great personal courage, called at the haunted house, and asked permission to sleep in the spare bed- room. He exhibited letters from several members of the Adams family, and, his respectability being thus established, his request was granted. He went to bed early, and slept peacefully until 12 o'clock, when he suddenly awoke. The ghost was plainly visible—the full moon shining directly into the room—but the young man's nerves were not in the least disturbed. He had made up his mind that the ghost had a definite object in making herself visible, and he had guessed what that object was. He inquired with much courtesy if the ghoat wished to be mended, requesting her to nod if such was the case. She nodded in the most unmistakable manner. The engineer thereupon rose—and it should be mentioned that, in deference to the sensibilities of a New England ghost, he had gone to bed in his clothes—and took from his handbag a bottle of cement and a roll of bandages. Begging the ghost's pardon for the liberty he was about to take, he gently placed the upper part of her body in its proper position, fastened it firmly with the cement, and covered the joints with bandages. She disappeared after kissing her hand to him in the most friendly manner, and has never since been seen. This incident, which occurred in the summer of 1873, shows clearly that the Dedham ghost had haunted the house in the hope of meeting with some in- telligent person who could mend her, and that gross injustice had been done her by those who imagined that she was simply making an aimless exhibition of herself.—New York Times. THE much abused dragon-flies are perfectly harmless to human beings; they neither bite nor sting, but they destroy vast quantities of gnata, flies, and other insects. They can be brought into the house to catch flies and mosquitoes, which duty they perform if unmolested. While in the larval state they perform the same good work. 