The, Novelist. COWABEE. AN AUSTRALIAN TALE, BY FOSTER OSBORN. CHAPTER XV. If culpable precipitation be characteristic of the preceding chapter, the deviation from pro- priety took place in the interests of the reader. The writer confesses to a very strong inclination to enlarge upon Percy's accusation and subse- quent trial, but scenes of the kind are to be met with in every second book one reads, and, like good songs over sung, instead of pleasing they sound harsh to the ear. The seventh day of November was one long to be remembered in New South Wales, for at its eve the weary drought broke up. The copious showers that fell that night brought smiles to many faces, and for months, by those at a loss for a date, " the day it rained" was used as an unerring mark of time. In the morning the sun was blood-red, but being opposed by lowering barriers of clouds, its rays fell upon the earth enfeebled and exhausted. Throughout the day there lay upon the hilltops and plains an ominous sultry stillness, and the birds, as they glided noiselessly amongst the untroubled trees, seemed so timid of the silence that they dared not chirp. When anon one bolder than the rest gave voice, he shrank within himself with fear as the notes vibrated through the stilly calm. The clouds flushed angrily at the meagre tri- umph of the sun. They gathered bank on bank a frowning mass of portentous blackness. Tier on tier the mighty columns pressed upon the sun, step by step menacing, until the night fell, and Jupiter was master of the sky. A heavy pall of darkness fell upon the earth, an inky shroud, and now those fitful puffs which ever herald a severe storm came moaning, like a band of un- canny spirits, through the gloomy night. Old Rory Roony stood at the door of his lonely out. Holding his hands close above his eyes, he peered forth into the night as though trying to pierce with his sight the impervious shroud before him. " Be me sowl, it's a black noight, so it is. Blood and murther, but there'll be a power o' raain afoor mornin'. Praise be to God. Och hone, me poor owld bones ; I knew the weather was breakin' by the pains o' me, this week back. Ah well, fol do rol de rol de dido ! Arrah, Caizur, be aisy, what's botherin' ye ? There's owld Mick, too, widout a word, bar sleepin' this hour, and you does be growlin' all the time ; bad cess to the pair o' yez ; if the divel himself was hauntin' yez, it's not so timated yez ud be. Ah, well, it's meself that's not so spiritful as I'd like ; does spirits be hauntin' a man those times I dunno. Fol de rol ; whist Caizur, are ye after hearin' it ? Maybe you've |forgot it, it's| so long since you heared it ; it's thunder, ye gossoon ; thunder, and bedad, the storm'll be on us in a few minutes. Be Jasus, I must go down to the pool for a drop o' wather afoor raain comes." Rory took a tin billy in his hand and set out, feeling his way along an inclined path, which led through a dense scrub down to a waterhole, about 100 yards from his hut. He had not pro- ceeded more than 10 paces when he turned upon his dog. " Hist, ye bogoon ; if ye don't stop your infer- nal tongue, I'll be afther sendin' ye back, so I will. ls it strivin' to make me nervousome ye are ?" He advanced a few paces further, when a low angry growl from the dog once more arrested him. " By me sowl, I can't stand it ; go home, ye spalpeen." The dog was too well trained to disobey his master, and with evident reluctance he slunk back to the hut. Rory stood a moment contem- plating the darkness which shrouded the path before him. " I dunno will I go down to the pool to-night," he said, wiping the beads of perspiration from his forehead. " There's a bad angel about me this hour or more. I feel lonesome like, and maybe it'ud be bether.—Hoch, botheration ; is it a child I'm growin', fol de rol de rol de dido." Once more the old man started on his journey. It is not to be wondered at that Rory Rooney suffered some nervous twinges ; stouter hearts have quailed before less gloomy prospects. The impenetrable darkness, and the ominous hush were suggestive in themselves of chilly tremors. Then came the invisible bats, flapping their wings and filling the air with musty odours, like spirits creeping from their slimy graves. The mournful howl of the dingo echoed through the dismal gullies, like Elfin shrieks, or wild lament of desolate spirits striking upon the wierd-like stillness, and filling the solitudes with all the glamour of the dead. At the water's edge Rory leaned forward and filled his billy. There was an almost inaudible sound behind him, and the next moment a rough hand was placed upon his throat with the force of a vice. Unable to free himself, the old man stood trembling like an aspen, and his assailant holding him with one hand forced a damp handkerchief upon his mouth and nostrils with the other. The chloroform soon took effect. A stifling sensation seized the vic- tim, and then a horrid thought broke upon him. Could this be death ? death ? And then he thought he smiled, to think that death could be so easy. And now he dreamed. Sweet visions shot like |meteors across his mind, and myriads of brilliant stars of various hues danced before his eyes ; in one short minute he rehearsed the whole of his life. He was a boy amidst the bogs, a man upon the broad expanse of ocean ; then his fancy placed him on his bunk in the old hut, and he fell into a sweets unconscious slumber. A dull plash sounded on the surrounding air, and as a dark object sank within its bosom, the waters of the pool leapt up and fell about their victim. The circling eddies spread away and vanished ; the pool was still and motionless ; Rory Rooney was dead. After all there are worse deaths than Rooney's. It was not such a bad place to lay one's bones, under the crystal waters, beneath the yellow wattle blossoms and the purple lilies, the over- hanging kurrajong, and the monumental, rocks. To pass from this world into the unknown future without a struggle, without a pang, is a boon not free to all. God knows there are good men and true, whose last hours have been spent in agony unspeakable, whose funereal chants have been the boom of cannon and the clash of steel, and whose latest recollections have been of mangled bodies and the shriek of pain. The murderer stood gazing at the spot where his victim had disappeared. There was no sign of regret or remorse upon his features, no sign of abhorrence, as he contemplated his atrocious crime ; only the smile of the confirmed villain. Peter (for it was he) may be taken as a sample of a type of criminals at one time very numer- ous in the colonies of Australia. Naturally prone to vice, they commenced their colonial life as convicts, and having by an appearance of good conduct, obtained a " Ticket-of-leave," they were set at liberty. Yes, these men who in a land of rigid justice, surrounded on all sides by minions of the law, could not restrain their evil propen- sities, were sent out to Australia, where law is barely recognised beyond the confines of the chief towns. With all their vicious instincts, with all their natural impulse to crime, uncurbed they were let loose like a curse upon the land. Here was a fine field for the pandering to the vile natures ; the law weakly supported, and the opportunities for murder and felony everything that could be desired. Crime succeeded crime, until these wretches became so inured to vice, that no cruelty was too enormous, no crime too heinous for their perpetration. Men come to Australia who have no friends ; throughout the length and breadth of the land there are none to watch their movements, or to notice if they disappear ; they lie down by the river bank to seek a night's rest ; a knife flashes or an axe gleams in the moonlight ; there is a splash in the water, and a soul leaves this world, no one but the murderer being the wiser. For the sake of the few hard-earned pounds in the pockets, how many men have been "hushed'' in the lonely places of our land. Rory Rooney was not the first victim to Peter's brutality ; the mur- derer's utter immunity from all feelings of awe or compunction was proof enough of that. " Now, that's what I calls doin' it proper," he said as he rolled the damp handkerchief into a ball and throw it far into the scrub. " No marks, no violence ; there's no gammon about the chlo- roform ; it does quiet 'em, and no mistake. If they comes across the body, I guess they'll say something about despondency of spirits, and bring him in suicide. So much for you, old skin- flint. Now for your money. I ain't the child ter flatter yer my darlin', so I tells yer plain ; I ain't paid this here partikler attention to yer carcass, ony for the sake of yer money. Ha, ha ha ! Say, old chap, ain't had such a bath as that for a considerable time, eh ? Guess yer face'll—" Flash, a jet of lightning, forked and jagged, shot from the cloud rifts and seemed to bury itself in the rocky precipice before the murderer. Peter started and trembled as the fierce glare broke upon the inky night. When he reopened his eyes, the momentarily paralysed orbs refused their functions, and he fairly shook with fear. The sudden illumination only intensified the darkness which succeeded ; nothing was visible to the murderer's eyes, not even the pool ; all was one heavy pull of blackness. " I'm blind, I'm blind," shouted Peter, as he reached about for the bushes that he might feel his way up the hill. Crash—bang, with awful suddenness, there broke upon the stillness a thunder- clap. It seemed as though the very mountains were being burst asunder ; and the ground where Peter stood, shook as with the vibrations of an earth- quake. Wit a cry of terror he turned to spring up the track ; his sight at the same moment returned but too late ; he had leapt in the wrong direction and found himself struggling amidst a net work of titree scrub. He scrambled to his feet and was in the act of stepping back upon the path. Something caught his eye ; he leaned forward to see more distinctly ; he started, and then became as motionless as a statue. Not a muscle moved. With his eyes protruding from their sockets, his body bent forwards and his hands stretched out behind him ; with his livid features, as motion- less as marble, and the great beads of perspira- tion standing in globules upon them, his attitude was suggestive of complete stupefaction. It seemed as though some mysterious fascination held him rooted in speeehless terror to the ground on which he stood, and notwithstanding the vehemency of his horror, he seemed to have lost all power of movement. There was a rustling of leaves and bushes ; a figure glided away in the darkness, and the spell was broken. With a wild shout, combining in its intonation the wail of despair and the shrillness of a maniac's scream Peter sprang from the brushwood and darted up the inclined track. With frantic violence he made his way, tumbling over logs and bruising himself upon the rocks, until thoroughly ex- hausted he sank upon the ground a few paces from Rory's hut door. Unable to proceed, he fell upon his back, supporting himself upon his elbows, so that his eyes could rest on the path which he had just ascended. Panting and shak- ing, in a painful state of fear and exhaustion, he peered into the gully as though expecting that the object of his terror would pursue him. A flash of lightning which lit the whole surround- ings, enabled him to see plainly the track before him. There was nothing on it but the bare stones and the rotting logs. This discovery seemed to ease the murderer's mind considerably, for he breathed more freely, and stretched him- self at full length upon the ground. After lying thus for some time, allowing the wind which was growing stronger every minute to play upon his head and chest, Peter was some- what refreshed, and assumed a sitting posture. He seemed much assured by the frequent light- nings which broke upon the scene, for with each flash he grew more confident, and it was with an air of relief that he wiped his forehead and pushed back his limpid hair. " Good heavens," he muttered, " what a fright it give me ; by Jingo, I thought I was goin' to die." He stood and, shaking himself, surveyed his tattered garments. He felt with his hand the bruises on his limbs and body, wincing the while with pain, and feeling like one beaten from head to foot with a flail. Finding that no bones were broken, for an instant the old bravado returned to him, but the moment his mind reverted to the cause of his suffering, he became once more anxious and uneasy. " What can it be ?" he soliloquised, " is it a ghost or the Devil ? That's the second time I have seen it, and they says as the third time is allays unlucky. B1azes ! I feel as if I wuz to see it again, it ud do for me. Guess I'll clar out o' this onyway." He took a few steps in the direction of the Hanging Rock ; then he turned and looked back. There stood the old hut with its door wide open, looking as roughly serene as though nothing un- usual had happened. There was a slush lamp burning on the table inside, its light flickering and falling with every breath of air which came in by the door and went out by the chimney, just as it was wont to flicker to old Rory, casting dancing shadows on his face. The light seemed beckoning to Peter to enter. Darkness, in his present state of mind, had on Peter the effect of a foggy incubus, a sort of substantial nightmare, whilst the peaceful interior of the hut seemed a haven of refuge, where he might escape the demon that tormented him. By this time the storm- kings had fairly loosed their legions. Peal after peal of thunder rolled across the sky, echoing through the gullies, and crashing ab- ruptly where stubborn peaks opposed and broke the vibration. The wind, sweeping with a wild troubled moan across the distant plains, spread through the ravines with an angry growl, and fairly howled about the jagged pinnacles. Now and then the lightning gleamed in the broad sheets against the lowering canopy of clouds, that seemed ready to pour their burden like a deluge upon the earth ; and already great drops of rain, precursors of a copious downpour, spat upon the ground and rocks. As the storm ga- thered, Peter's morbid fancies grew upon him, with a force that threatened to unseat his reason. " God have mercy on me this once," he said, " I'll be a different man if ever I gets out o' this ere scrape alive." He turned about and ran quickly to the hut. He sat down on the rough stool beside the table, and feeling much encouraged by the light and the homely surroundings of the interior of the cabin, his mind grew more at ease, and his evil instincts gradually assumed their wonted sway. He looked all round the hut. Here was a pipe and tobacco lying on the table ; there old Rory's bunk with the blankets awry ; and in the corner at the far end of the building lay old Cæsar. As Peter's glance fell upon the latter, the dog gave vent to a low snarling growl ; but, unfriendly as this greeting was, it had a welcome sound to the murderer's ears. In his superstitious frame of mind, anything which smacked of reality was acceptable. Presently Peter's eyes wandered to the chim- ney, to where a square stone hung loose, and bore evidence of having been moved from its place. " That's where it is," the villain muttered, " I seen him counting it when I looked through the crack yonder to-morrow night's a week gone. Wal, wal ; what an old fool I came close up bein'. I run the risk of slippin' the captain, do for old Rory, gets skeered out o' my seven senses, and after all wuz clearin' out without the gold." He stood up and stopped cautiously towards tho fireplace. Ho trembled slightly as he did so, and it was evident, in spite of the trumped-up bravery with which he essayed to fortify himself, that his eery forebodings were not entirely dis- pelled. As if shrinking from too close contact with the ill- gotten treasure, he reached forward the full length of his arm, and moved the stone. " Ah, thar they be," he gasped, in eager agita- tion, growing more excited every moment. Turn- ing his head with quick convulsive movements, he gazed all round, as though fearing to touch the prize within his grasp. Anxious trepidation was betrayed by every motion, and his laborious inspiration could be heard some distance away. " Blastination ! what a fool I am ; I must have the gold," but still he hesitated, and the great beads of perspiration rolled down his face as he strove to recall his courage. " What the deuce is up with me ; I'll have the gold ; I'll have the gold ; and, all the devils in hell won't' stop me." He stretched forth his hand once more until his finger tips fairly touched the bright sovereigns. " Ha, ha, me beauties—" " Blood, murther ; ye ! done it ! ye done it ! Musha ; ochone !" Back from the fire ; back from the gold ; back to the door, with eyes riveted on the spot from whence the sound proceeded, the murderer stepped. Mazed, and confounded, he paused in the doorway, glaring with the wild stare of a maniac. Hideous contortions seized upon his features, and his whole body shook with convul- sive throbs. The whole force of his mental and bodily terror found vent in one spasmodic cry— " Oh, my God !" " You did it, ye spalpeen ; ochine ; ochone," came the voice of the invisible Rory. " My God ! I am haunted ; let me alone ; for the love of God don't hurt a poor man," cried Peter, and then with gigantic bounds he dashed out into the likness and the blinding rain. Regardless of thorns, stakes, or rocks, he rushed down the mountain path towards Hanging Rock, and never once looked behind him. He was now fully persuaded that the figure he had seen amongst the ti-tree was an evil spirit, and he doubted not that the demon had assumed the voice of Rory Rooney, to complete his terror. He had seen that apparition, ghost or devil—he did not know which to call it—twice, and the con- viction was firmly established in his mind, that the third time he beheld those haggard eyes and the long white hair, the shock would kill him. He had not arrived at this conclusion by any process of reasoning ; it seemed rather to take possession of his mind in the form of a present- ment, and as he fled in terror down the mountain track, the howling rocks, the whistling treetops, and the plash of his own feet upon the muddy ground, seemed to cry—" The third time !" " The third time !" As the last sound of Peter's departing footsteps died on the night air, Mick the magpie, sprang upon the table, and after a preliminary flutter began to sing—" For he's a jolly good—" Cæsar; standing in the doorway, his attitude one of hopeless dejection, raised his nose in the air, and sent forth a dismal howl. The magpie, catching the melancholy cadence of the weird lament, ceased his song, and sought his perch in gloomy silence. 