HYPERION SURPRISE PARTY. Notwithstanding the great attractions presented \- elsewhere on Monday evening the audience at Garner's Theatre seemed, if anything, larger than on previous occasions. After a cornet solo by Mr. Gardner, a committee of six was appointed by the audience. The Hon. Lavington Glyde and Mr. Pariss Nesbit were amongst the number. At the outset Professor Rice was nonplussed by one committeeman. This latter worthy, who had just listened With an apparently sensible' expression bf features to, a request -that he vpould think clearly of some tangible substance in the theatre, led the Professor a pretty dance up and down the stalls- and away through the pit .until the search for the object of his thoughts had to be abandoned. When asked then to name that object, he 1 * replied to his hearers' intense disgust, " Mr. George -Spriegs's materialized ghost in this here cabinet," Many hisses followed this delectable announcement, and murmurs arose among the legal gentlemen present concerning the advisability of appointing a commission de lunatico tnqutrendo: The second committeeman was a person of satisfactory thinking powers, and the Professor guided nim almost straight to the article imaged in his mind— an opera glass in the stalls. This begot much applause, and an Oliver Twistish "askingfor more" on the part of the audience. Mr Par-jog TJccVif- SC^t. W-tT-. r.. .-if good counsel, such as he is, we expected a brief performance to follow suit. The Pro- ' fessor complained immediately on taking Mr. Nesbit's hand that the action gave him a pain in the head as if he were paying a fee. The search was, despite this misadventure, courageously persevered in, but with no good result. At length, after wandering about fruitlessly with Professor Rice as though in league all to find a verdict, Mr. Nesbit handed over his secret and grasp of the mindreader's hand to Mr. H. Y. Sparks. Immediately relieved from legal pressure Professor Rice obeyed the summons, discovering the object in a coin on the watchguard of an honest taxpayer seated in the stalls.' Tt may be noted that Prnfi««w viously hit upon another coin-near, and very 4-.-. 4.1 --- mi . r- • 7 ' • „ - - - litis I. was exceedingly rapid ^md successfuL The committeeman made a psychograph of a very small three-halfpenny piece, carried on a chain by a denizen of the pit. Prdfessor Rice at first marched away to the back part of the-house, but auicldV returned, as his committeeman's" sense of locality became stronger, and soon held- the wanted article between-his fingers; Then came the Treasurer's turn." Tne honourable gentleman had paired, or rather prepared, with the Commissioner of "Public Works, who'isat in the dresscircle. They Arranged ttiat a silver cigar-case should remain in one"of Mr." Ramsay^s coattail pockets. The Treasurer, naturally, isgood at figures, consequently Professor Rice had -.everything which seemed like an empty ciaar- pase speedily under examination. Mr. Glyde . at last, fixed the place so strongly in bis mind that the Professor stayed lovingly by Mr.'Ramsay, and turned oiit as many of tBe Commissioner's pockets as he dared. Not even a miud-reader likes to disturb a Cabinet Minister's coat-tail pocket, especially When ithe'-Minister happeus to be sitting thereon. But Mr. Gfyde in a few wellchosen words expressea an opinion that to his mind this partial failure was a compete proof of the absolute genuineness of Professor Rice's 1 mind- reading. The last committee man made a mental picture of an eyeglassin the dress'circle, but to everybody's surprise and his own disgust the. Professor could bot find it, this being the most deliberate and unaccountable failure in which he lias indulged since appearing among ns. Miss Lewis sang "Comin' thro' the rye," and gained a redemand, when she substituted "Killarney." After the usual exposes Professor Rice discoursed anent gambling, and gave an amusingly correct .delineation of character. - The subject was a gentleman unusually good as an amateur actor, and to those who had lately seen him playing Talbot Champneys it seemed perfectly natural that Professor luce should insist again and -pain on the possession of histrionic talents. o-riight is advertised as the last performance, and a complete change of programme will be made. THEATKE ROYAL.—A rather meagre audience witnessed the repetition of " Sinbad the Sailor" on -Monday night, but made up in enthusiasm what was lacking in numerical strength, and frequent applause testified,the approval with which the'Various scenes in the pantomime were received. The same piece will be repeated this evening. ST. JOHN'S CHURCH.—An entertainment will be given in the schoolroom of this church , this evening ENTERTAINMENT AT GLEKELG.—A concert, to conclude with Gilbert and Sullivan's operetta, "Trial by Jury/' will be given in the Glenelg Institute this evening., . . . EKIERTAESMENT AT MITCHAM.—An entertainment in conhection^vith the opening of the locj,l :W®leyan Chapel will be given in the Mitcham Institute this evening. -.". _"' SOUTH AUSTRALIAN MERCANTILE MARINE SERVICE ASSOCIATION,—The monthly meetingof this Association took place on Monday, May 1. . Mr. William Russell presided, and there Were nine members present, including Captain tee, Hon. Secretary. Messrs. Dempster, Webb, & Dempster were appointed Solicitor's to the Association, •EOYAL SOCIETY.—A. meeting this Society will be held "at the Institute thii Wining, when, in addition to papers by Messes. Guest and Tepper, there will be some exhibits for examination. ' | IJIJND AX® DEAF AND DUMB INSTITUTION—The Chainiian of Kiis Institution has received as a donaion, in aid of fe funds,£2 fromthe boy wbo received the first pri&e; for the best Highland costume at the fathering of the South Australian Caledonian Society -on -Easter Monday last. OTVXECABLE DISCOVERV FOR THE HAIR.—If .wnrtntfr'fc turning my or white, er falling off, use * Tne Mexican HairRenewer," for it will poxititely •wtare -in every cam Gr«y -e> White hair-to its ierfgBti colour, without leavi the disagreeable wieH of- most> "Restorere." It makes the hair «armingly l>aantiful, as. well as promoting tke growth of the hair on bald spots,- wfiere the.-gtends are not decftywi. Ask your Chemist., for "THE ATEXICAN HAIR RENEWER," sold by pheaista and Perfumers everywhere ai"3s. 6d. per bottle. Wholesale-depot removedta ^.FarriiiadotiHsoad, &m3oa; ...'_.' , —lltcsz - . &3T There is nothing more nourishing and warming in cold weather than a cup of really good cocoa, but the difficulty has been to obtain it pure. This may be.secured at a cost of one half-penny for a large break£ast-cup by using CABBURV'S GOCOA ESSENCE, which goes three times as far as the adulterated and starchy compounds ordinarily sold, the smallest packet making 14 breakfast- cups of strong cocoa. 122ths50v WORTH KNO WING. —That the ZAigest Clothing and Tailoring Premises in Adelaide, and the Best, most Stylish, and Cheapest Selection of Men's Tonth'u, and Boys' Clothing and Outfittangs is at G and W. Shierlaw's Glasgow House, 11, Hindley ' Proof Is the test: try them. SlCcrd 