THE' SHADOW BUILDE . The Valley of the Shadow seemed of end less expanse. Circled by the teeming mist, no eye could piereto where rose the greit mountains between which the Valley lay. Yet they stood there-Mount Despair on the one hand, and the Hill of Fear pon the other .. . Hitherto the poor bewildered brain of the poet had taken no note of all the dangers, and horrors, and pains which surrounded him save only for the lesEon which they taught. But now. lost as he was in the shrouding .vapour of the Valley of the Shadow, he could Snot but think of the terrors of the way. He was surrounded by griesly phantoms that ever and anon arose silent in the mist, and were lost again before he could catch to the full their dread impo rt. -. Then there flahed acrosa hissoul a territle thought- Couldt be posible tht hither his beloved one had travelled! Had there come to her the pains which shook his own form with Iagony! Was it indeed necessary that she should hare been appalled by all these sur Srounding horrors! At thethought of her, his beloved one, suf. fering such pan and dread, he gave forth one bitter cry that rang thronch the solitude that left the vapour of the Valley, and echoed in the caverns of the moontains of De spair and Fear. The wild-cry prolonged with the agony of the poet's soul rang through the Valley till the shadows that peopled it woke for the moment into life-in-death. They flitted dimly along, now melting away, and anon sprinsing again into life-till all the Valle of the Shadow was for once peopled with quickened ghosts. Oh, in that hour there was agony to the poor distranght poet's soul! But presently there came a calm. When I the rush of his first agony passed, the poet knew that to the dead came not the horrors of the journey that be nrdertook. To the quick alone is the horror of the passage to the castle of the king. With the thought came to him such peace that tven there-in the dark Valley of the Shadow-stole soft music that sonded in the desert gloom, like the music of the Spheres. Then the poor poet remembered what they had told him: that his beleved one had Swalked through the Valley of the Shadow, that she had knoan the music of the Spheres, and that she abode in the castle of the kinu. So he thought, as he was now in theVail~e of the Shadow, and has he heard Sthe musi of the Spheres, that soon he shol see the castle of the king where his be ione able. Thas he went onin hop | But alas! that e hope was a new pai that ere this he wot not oLf Hitherto he hid gone on bllndly, reeking not where he went or what came a-nigh him, so long as he pressed onward on his quest; but now the darkness and the perils of ?he way had new terrors, for he thought of how they might arrest his course. Such thouarht made the way long indeed, for the moments seemed'an:age with hoping. Eagerly he sought for the end to come, when, beyond the Valley of the Shadow through which he fared, he cold see rising the turrets of the castle of the king. i Depair eemed to grow upon him; and as it grew there rang 'out ever loander, the music of the Spheres.: Onward, ever onward, hurried in mad haste the poor distraught Poet. The dim shadows that peopled the mist shrank back ashe passed, extending towards him warning hands with iong gloomy fingers of deadly cold. In the hitter silence of the moment they seemed to say. "Go back! Go back " Iouder and louder rang now the music of the Spheres. Faster and faster, in mad, feverish haste rushed the Poet, amid the shrinking shadows of the gloomy valley. The peopling shadows as they faded away before hi?, seemed to wail in sorrowful warning "Go back Go back ;" Still in his ears rang ever the swelling" tmult of.the music. -: Faster and faster he rushed onward, till at last wearied nature gave way, and he'fell prone to earth, senseless, bleeding, and alone After a time-how long he could not even guess-he awoke from his swoon. For awhile he could not think where he w, and his scattered sense could not help him. All was gloom, and. old, and sadness. A solitude reigned around him, more deadly than aught he had ever dreamtoL Ko breeze was in the air-no movement of a passing cloud. No voice or stir of living thing on earth, or water, or air. No rustle of leaf or sway of branch-all was silent, dead, and de serted. Amid the eternal hills of gloom around lay the valley devoid of aught that lived or crew. The sweeping mists, with their multitnde of peopling shadows, had gone by. The fear some terrors of the desert even were not there. The pxt, as he gauraround him, in his utter loneliness, longed for the sweep of the storm or the roar of the aralanche to break the dread horror of the silent gloom. Then the poet knew that through the Valley of the Shadow he had come; that, seared and maddened though he had been, he hd hearth the musicof the spheres. e thought that now hard by the desolate king dtom of death he trod. He gazed all around him, fearing lest he bshould see anywhere the dread castle of the king, where his beloved one abode'; and be groaned as the fear of his heart found voice : "'lot here! oh, not here, amid this awful solitude." Then amid the silence around, upon distant hills, the words echoed : "Not here I oh, not here," till with the echoing and re-echoing rock, the little wilder nes was peopled with voices. Suddenly the echo voices ceased. From the lurId sky. broke the terrible sound of the thunder peal. Along the distant skies it .rolled. Far away over the endless ring of the grey horizon it swept-going and returning -pealing, swelling, dying away. It traversed the wther, matuering now in ominous sound as of threats, and anon crash ing with the voice of dread command. In its roar came a sound as of a word : "Onward." To his knees the Poet sank, and welcomed with tears of joy the sound of thunder. It swept away as a power from above the silent desolation of the wilderness. It told him that in and above the Yalleyof the Shadow rolled the mighty tones of Heaven's com mend. Then the Poet rose to his feet, and with new heart went onwards into the wilder As he went the roll of the thunder died away, and again the silence of deso'ttion reigned alone.-From Under the Sm'set, by Bram Stoker. 