SHAKSPEARE OJST DEATH. There are in Shakspeare's plays about ninety deaths, taking pi ice either on the stage of immediately behind the scenes, so that the tidings are told of evidence is given directly after the fact Twenty five occur in this latter minded, but not sit fill for the classical season that terrible sights were not to be represented before the people In many cases, grey heads are introduced, far more ghastly than a whole man dived body, the plight of Lavinia in "Titus Andronicus is proof that an Elizabethan audience was content to sup full of honors, and the many battle fields in the historical plays were well be supposed to have included representatives of the dead and dying The number above given is only that of named, and therefore important personages , it might be increased by soldiers and attendants who are killed, as it were, by the way The modes of death are very various, and yet not quite all which we might naturally anticipate Cold steel, the dagger of the six ord, accounts for about two thirds of the whole, twelve persons die from old age 01 natural decay, in some cases hastened by the trying circumstances of their lives, seven he be headed , five die by poison, including the elder Hamlet, whose symptoms are so minutely described by his Ghost, two by suffocation, unless, indeed, Desdemona makes a third , two by strangling one from a fall, one is drowned, three die by su ike bite and one, Homer, the armourer, is thumped to death with a sandbag The modes of death of which we might have expected Shakspeare to speak are now and gun shot wounds The English archers are said to have done so much execution in more than one battle of which we hear in the play that it is curious they are only twice named as employed in fight Arrows fled not 8th After toward their aim than did our soldiers aiming at their safety i 17 from the field at the battle of Shrewsbury and Richard, at Bosw of the, ci es, Draw archers draw your arrows to the head It may be, of course, that a flight of arrows was a difficult and, indeed, a risky thing to represent on a stage , but this would scarce account for no mention of death by them, and it is probable that by Elizabeth's day the use of bow and arrow had so passed from left. into play, that it only occurred to the poet now and then, as adding a certain picturesque detail to his words He makes the Archbishop of Canterbury, when counselling the too ready Henry V to mv ade To thee, speak only of the pastime of archery As many anow s loosed several ways Come to one mark The other allusions are merely metaphor, as "Cupids mows, sale There is nothing to be said of the cases of death from suffocation, since they near was acted on the stage, and no physical signs are described, not, for the same reason, of tin. A various Hist meet of beheading The single case of (how ning is beautifully tin ested of ill violence, and that which might be so painful is a endured peaceful Ophelia, having lost her reason, is unaware of her danger , she is buoyed up at first by her garments, and then, is the glow heavy she is dr iDgcd down by them gently and gradually, so that there is no room for a single, and the waters close over his almost with out cripple Who that ever saw Mr. Mil his early picture on the subject can possibly forget it, of 21 to recognise that poet andpnntu had equally a turn ed the fact, and yet divested it of its most terrible elements - In the dt iths of Cleopatra and her in uds, Shakspeare would seem to have been for once it fruit We saw her in uds, because the only w is to account for the sudden death of It is is to suppose that she had met and touched the incoming basket of gasps, on leaving the pi dence to fetch her mistress's robe and crown But, however, this may be, Cleopatra and Chai mi m die almost in spontaneously of the snake s bite, after the Queen " applies the sea peas to her by east and him, as though they were let ches Dost thou not see my baby at my breast That sucks the nurse asleep 1 The poet was quite ivy me that he must make the effect of the^spvcl} different to that of the vipers, which now and then might lame a horse, of, very exceptionally, kills keeper, after some hours nulla mg, in his own Aulen But there was no one to tell him the mode of death from the bites of Eastern serpents, his imagination is quite unfettered, and with a tie poetic feel night makes the poison swifter than the CObr is, yet peaceful and painless It were better he should not know or tell the agonies and the distortion which, in fact, must have marked the beauty of Egypt s Queen What there is lacking in accuracy is more than made up in the account of Gloucester a death by stir in "ding There has been a terrible struggle, and every pity see it sign is intensified - See how the blood is settled in his face His face is black, and full of blood Ills of challa further out than when he lay ed His hair uprated his nostrils stretched with StlUg(,liU|, His h minds abroad displayed Of the deaths by poisoning, two fine minutely described One takes place on the stage, and is only names to us , two or swollen - the Queen in Hamlet, and Work of In these best cases the agent was clear by li oc} une and in some form in, a vegetable even let, such as rain el water, killing almost at once ml painlessly, leaving no time for the right, but only for the eel t nut of quit! e ming death King John, on the other hand, is a as must be cohesive in it it, probably mean a, coin] a lively slow in its history, of which building here is the chief still] tom I li it is he I t a Hiiminoi In my 1 (is is in it all a show as a table in) tod at Ahuriri on allie 1 Jo Hill is I up? Nor of V ii will Ltd the winter come to Hu nat 1 la less danger) In a) new use for me I li f, 10s s Elwin take the requisi throughly unburied bosom and entered the Ninth To make his bleak winds kissing purthcdllps? The elder Hamlet, again, dies by vegetable poisoning. There is strong reason for thinking that the true reading of the drug is not the usual " Lebanon," but " before? or yew juice, for the symptoms are precisely those caused by this, and by no other. Whether, in the then state of anatomy, Shakspeare really believed, contrary to the truth, that such a juice poured into the ear would so course through the body, is not clear. It is probable that he took the old story, so far as he needed to do so, but having made it responsible for the mode in which the foreign element was introduced into Hamlet's frame, used then his own observation and curious plant-lore for the efforts which the body made to cast it out. 1 The many cases of death by steel are very closely studied from nature. Those who have carefully examined the dead on a battle-field, or in the streets after an emeute, are struck with the fact that while the expression on the faces of those who have died by gunshot wounds is one of agony and distress, the dead by sword have a calmer expression, though their wounds often seem more painful to the eye. A very careful observer, who was through the Indian Mutiny, entirely confirms this. After giving several instances, he says, " A rapid death by steel is almost painless. Sabre edge or point divides the nerves so quickly as to give little pain. A bullet lacerates." This is in entire accordance with Shakspeare's diagnosis. York, in Henry IV., dies "smiling;" so young Talbot in Henry VI., 1., " Poor boy ! he smiles." In the great majority of cases, there appears to have been no acute pain and such distress- ful sensations as were felt, when there was time to feel anything, were those of cold. Death, therefore, resulted from hemorrhage, of which an exceeding chilliness, without pain, is always the consequence. Hotspur and Warwick both speak of this chill, the earthly and cold hand of death," the " cold, congealed blood." The only instances in which acute pain wrung "groans" from the sufferer were those in which death was long delayed, when, as with Clifford, the air has got into my deadly wounds ;" and Montague also groans from the delay. There is a most striking passage in Jeremy Taylor's sermons in which he speaks of wounds to the same effect, but attributes the painlessness of a wound at first, wrongly as it would seem only to the heat and rage of the fighter, who has no time to feel "I have known a bold trooper fight in the confusion of a battle, and, being warm with heat and rage, received from the swords of his enemy wounds open as a grave ; but he felt them not, mind when, by the streams of blood, he found himself marked for pain, he refused to consider then what he was to feel to-morrow ; but when his rage had cooled into the temper of a man, and clammy moisture had checked the fiery emission of spirits, he wonders at his own boldness, and blames his fate, and needs a mighty patience to bear his great calamity." Shakspeare carefully discriminates between the wounds which pierce the heart and are at once fatal, and those which allow a few minutes, or even moments, of life. A stab which causes instant death wings from the dying person one sharp cry of momentary agony, or sometimes purely spasmodic and mechanical, and then all is silent and with the cry there is a sharp, convulsive movement of the limbs. So, Polonius utters one loud Gillam slain I" Aaron imitates the squeal of the dying nurse, " Wake, wake !" Prince Edward, in Richard III., " sprawls," after his first stab. Those who do not die at once, but bleed to death, or are choked in blood, speak a little, know they are dying, but are not in pain, and have no convulsive movements. We now come to the deaths of old age and by natural causes and of these there are comparatively few. Comedy puts away from it the idea of death altogether, and great tragedies are as a rule concerned with violent ends. Yet here, where there is little seeming variety, Shakspeare's observa- tion has anticipated that of modern skill. Miss Nightingale has pointed out how constantly the mental state of the dying depends on their physical conditions. As a rule, she tells us, in acute cases interest in their own danger is rarely felt. " indifference, excepting with regard to bodily suffering, or to some duty the dying man desires to perform, is the far more usual state. But patients who die of consumption very frequent die in a state of seraphic joy and peace j the countenance almost expresses rapture. Patients who die of cholera, peritonitis, &c;, on the contrary, often die in a state approaching despair. In dysentery, diarrhoea, or fever, the patient often dies in a state of indifference. Now, in Shakspeare, the majority feel indifference or calm acquiescence ; Gaunt " plays nicely" with his name ; Henry IV. lines no thought of the future, but only some faint interest still in the things of life ; Mortimer cares only for his funeral ; Bedford is acquiescent, neither hopeful nor fearful, "Now, quiet soul, depart when Heaven please." There are a few exceptions, and they exemplify with force what Miss Nightingale has laid down. Queen Katherine, dying of long decline, has visions of eternal peace ; while Beaufort, whose faculties are about him to the last, has the most vivid and keen remorse for murder, the only crime which the sinner, as a rule, seems unable to forget. In Shakspeare, again, those who in perfect health know or believe they are to die take the conviction according to their physical temperaments, not according to their lives. If there be morning except tions, it is because some foreign conditions are introduced, as when Richard is visited with terrible dreams, had something like craven terror as the result of them, But he has been drinking heavily before he goes to rest, and recover himself in the morning before and in the Little. As an instance of a contrast between two physical femporA months, we may take the matter of the sensitive Claudio, so full of yoWi'g life and vigour, and the stolid indifference of the brutal Barnadino. Of course, this whole subject is capable of being worked out in much greater detail, but as in a former paper, it has seemed worth while giving a few hints for study, founded on whether occurred to the present writer while reading Shakspeare through, under somewhat unusual conditions. In the burden of 30th September appears a perfect picture of a new rose, first sent out by (Schwartz, of Lyons, in the autumn of 1877. It is a hybrid perpetual, named Alfred K. Williams, in colour one of the most beautiful of the cherry reds, in form exquisite and as nearly perfect as could be expected, and, being a hybrid perpetual, is not likely to be wanting in fragrance. The coloured picture referred to represents a spray with three well-flowered specimens, and any rose-fancier would feel proud of being the fortunate possessor of smell a lovely production. In the glowing description given of it in the garden it is said to be a star among roses." A ltKMAitKAiu.i: patent has just been taken out in Germany for a gunpowder engine. It is an old idea, but hitherto has not been carried out successfully. Herr Beck, however, has recently devised an engine, the piston of which is driven backwards and forwards by small charges of gunpowder supplied at each end by an automatic arrangement. The ignition is effected by the motion of the piston, which draws in a flame of gas or spirit, the access being regulated by side-valve, which also open outlets for the escape of the gases of combus- tion. 