FORRESTERS LODOBR. -? Bv Mary F. Penn, Author of " Old ander' haven's Will," Etc. It was a bright, genial afternoon in early spring. The adventurous sunbeams had succeeded in piercing the canopy of smoke which hung over busy Hammortoti, and H ore exploring every nook and corner of the crowded thoroughfares. Some of them found their way into a cart sin "long, unlovely lane" in the outskirts of the town, and lighted up the windows of a row of humble little red brick houses, which were frowned upon by the high wall of a great iron foundry opposite. On the step of Number Three stood Mary Forrester. She was a slender girl of 19, with chestnut hair, falling in loose waves over her forehead! a clear colourless complexion, a small grave mouth and a pair of soft brown eyes that looked at the world with a pathetic sort of perplexity, as if its ways bewildered her. She had her work in her hand, but she was | not sewing. Her eyes were fixed on the strip of blue sky above the foundry wall, She could not have told why the sight of that turquoise gleam, and the breath of the soft spring breeze on her face should made her feel vaguely sorrowful, but so it was, and unconsciously she signe 1 as she resumed her work. Presently the sound of approaching footsteps made her look up again. Two figures were advancing to the middle of the dusty road A young man and a little boy whom he led by the hand. She looked at them curiously. They wore strangers she saw at a glance, and of a type not common in Foundry-street. The man, who was dressed in a suit of rough grey tweed and a felt hat, was a tall, well-built young fellow of five or six-and-twenty, with a sunburnt complexion, frank blue eyes, and short brown beard and moustache. It was not he, however, but the child who absorbed her attention and brought the look of wondering admiration to her face. Never out of a picture had she seen anything so lovely as his little fellow, with his velvety dark eyes, half hidden by their long lashes ; his clear, olive skin, with its rich husky bloom ; his full smiling lips, red as corn, and the short silky curls that re-entered over his forehead. ' They came slowly on up the street the stranger looking straight before him, as if his thoughts were elsewhere, the boy noticing, everything and commenting on the unfamiliar objects in a continuous ripple of exclamation and enquiry. His bright little person seemed to light up the street like a sunbeam. As they were passing the house his eyes suddenly encountered those of May Forrester fixed upon him in a gaze of rapt admiration. Be loosened his hand from his father's arid stopped short, returning her look with one of interest and curiosity. Then his lips broke into a smile, and he babbled something which she did not understand ; it was in a strange language, soft and musical. However, she smiled and nodded at a venture, whereupon he laughed all over his little gypsy face, and putting the tins' of five dimpled fingers to his lips, kissed his hand to her. Mary's heart went out to him. , "Oh, the sweet little lad I" also exclaimed aloud, and extended her hand with a gesture of invitation, to which he at once responded. The father, who had been watching this little scene with a smile of amusement, now approached her. "I think you have bewitched my boy," he said pleasantly ; " he is not usually so ready to make friends." _ ' " I am sure he has bewitched me," she answered, as she bent to kiss him, " but I don't understand what he says, is in French ?" > " No, I'ftlian. He was born in Italy, and has not learned to speak, English i property though he is beginning to understand it. Come, Tonic I" " ? She reluctantly released the little hand which clung to her. . j 1 i ' " " I daresay you will see him again," the father said " We shall often pass this way if I succeed in finding rooms in this neighbourhood." " We have a room to let in our house," she told him, timidly, i , , , He glanced at the house and the street and made a sort of grimace, but her wistful ? look at the child reached him. 'III II "May I see it ?" he asked, after a moment's hesitation."'," It would be convenient for me to be so near my work." " " v Mary, flliOj had turned to enforce horse, stopped, short and looked at him. " You are not a working man !" she remarked. ' Holaughod. "I don't know what else to call myself. I am a machinist, and have an engagement at the WOIICB yonder " m she still looked at him half incredulously. "You are not like our Hnmmorton working folks. You havn't their looks or their speech." 'jlBiippose'l havn't been here long enough to catch them. I only arrived this morning, coming from Glasgow." " ; Mary said he more, but led the way into the house. Her visitor looked round as if agreeably surprised. The little kitchen into which she showed him, was humble enough, certainly, with its brick floor and gaily papered walls, but it had a pleasant, home-like look, and there were some attempts at adornment in tho shape of plants in the window-sill, prints and photographs over the mantelpiece, and a hanging shelf containing books which seemed to have been well read up a , , " Are those your 1" he asked, looking at the titles: " Are you fond of reading ?" u "'YOB, very. Those were my mother's books. There were a good many others, but my father-'-'but'they are gone. Will you come up stairs ?" * , ' e, Carrying little Tone, who refused to be separated from his new friend,' she preceded him up the steep, narrow staircase to a bedroom on the first floor. in , i I t ; n "looks dull now," she said apologetically, drawing up the blind, " but it has the morning light upon it. The sun rises i j nat over there." I " Are you ever awake at sunrise?" in it "Often, in summer. I'Uko to sit at the window and watch the stars fading and the light getting brighter. The air is so clear before the chimneys began to smoke, and everything is so still so still, and the sky is all gold and rose colour. It a beautiful and yet sad somehow!" He looked at her curiously. , ' Nature is never ad, whatever poets say," he remarked. The, sadness is in the eyes that look at her " "Ah, maybe it is," she acquiesced.' j "Do you think this room will suit you in "I should be hard to please if it didn't. The question is shall I suit you for a lodger ? You see, there is no one to look after my boy while I am at work, and-" , { " Has he no mother ?" she interrupted' in a compassionate undertone. . . I ', " No," he answered shortly, with a sudden darkening of his face which altered its whole expression. , "Perhaps you will find it trouble some to have him on your hands all day ?" ' " Troublesome ?, I should love to take care of him, and I believe he would be happy with mB-" 7 1,1 I I ! . After a little further conversation, during which the question of terms was settled to their mutual satisfaction,! Mary's new lodger betook himself to the station to fetch his " traps," leaving Tokio perfectly contented in her charge. The young man was absent about an hour, returning in a cab with his belongings. As it approached the house his ear was struck by a o infusion of sounds \ within- a scuffling [of foot on the floor, a man's rough voice' raised in anger, a woman's subdued and imploring. A little group of neighbours had gathered outside the door. a ? ?'- , <<> " < \- ""I " Forrester's at his old ways again," he heard one woman say. ' ''He'll be the death of the girl some day." , ? i s i , ' i "What is, it What has happened?" he asked anxiously, as he alighted. . They stared at him without replying and drew back to allow him to pass in. This was the scene which met his eyes as he entered the kitchen. Mary, flushed and dishevelled, was struggling in the grasp of a man whose heavy hand had just descended on her shoulders and was raised to repeat the blow On this group the new lodger burst like a whirlwind, and seizing her assailant by the collar flung him across the room with so little ceremony that he stumbled and measured his length on the floor. Bruto \ " the young man passed, out of breath with exertion, and in a white heat of indignation and disgust. " Who is this man ? " he demanded, turning to the-girl, who leaned against the wall, white to the lips and trembling from b«ad'to,fnot. , , L:"M, father, was the almost inaudible reply. ,o,£w;<ri"-i I sister I- was v p Forrester, who was only half sober, was on his feet in a moment, but seemed too astonished by the sudden attack to retaliate. " Who is this man ? " he echoed, parodying the other's tone, and measuring him with what was intended for a haughty stare. "My name is Stephen Lydiard, and I was to have had the honour of being your lodger ; but after this-" An imploring gesture from Mary arrested the words on his lips. "You must be friends with Mr. Lydiard, father," who pleaded timidly ; " he didn't know who you we o or he wouldn't--" " Have knocked me down in my own house," her father put in, with a short, gruff laugh. "Very considerate of Mr. Lydiard. " But you won't bear malice 7 " she persisted. " You'll shake hands with him R I bow no malice oh no, that is not my diameter," was the reply, though the glance he threw at her protector rather belied his words " I am ready to shake hands if Mr. Lydiard wishes it." After a moment's hesitation the latter complied, with a slight shrug. " Don't strike your daughter again while I am in the house," he said, quietly, as their hands met, "or you'll receive a lesson you will not soon forget." " I shall soon forget this one, was the muttered reply, as he took up his hat and slouched out at the door.' Try to keep friends with my father," Mary said anxiously, when they were alone ; " don t interfere between us again." '. Not when I see you ill-treated 1" It doesn't matter I'm used to it." "Used to it I" ho echoed compassionately. " My poor child, what a life yours must have been ! ' ( She smiled tremulously, and glanced at him with a sort of wistful wonder. Sympathy was so strange and so sweet. "i What was it all about just now ?" he asked after a moment's silence, i " Why was he so angry 1" She coloured and turned her head aside. " Don't ask ree ; I am ashamed to tell you.'' "Pray do I want to know." " Well-it was because because I hadn't asked you twice as much for the room as it was worth." a "",... i i i "i Was that all! I will pay you double with pleasure, if-" i i , ' " No, she interrupted ;, " you must, not. And if he asks you for money you must refuse he would only spend it at the ' Silver Cup. You will stay with us ?" she continued. " While you are here I shall feel that I have one friend in the) world." " t " Only one I Surely you have others ?" " The neighbours are kind in their way, and I know they are sorry for me, but-'-" it ' She shook her head and left, the sentence un- finished. ( ! i 'j' I will stay if it will make you happier," he said, in his ! kind, cordial Jones, and I will be your firm and faithful friend But I have something to ask you in return. " , He lifted his head on the table between them, and taking the little olive face in his h inda gazed at it a moment with a troubled anxious fondness that was strangely touched with dread. " Is it something about the child ?" she asked. ; '' Yes. If I give him into your keeping you must promise never to let him out of your sight while Lam away- never under any pretext to trust him with a stranger. There is a reason for this which I will tell you some day, but not now." i 'it I !' You may rely on me," she said, earnestly, f I will guard him well." ' _ Mary went to sleep that night with' a heart lighter than it had been for many a day. On the dark horizon of her life a ray of dawn had appeared at lost. , , Stephen Lydiard's life in his new quarters proved pleasanter than might have been expected from its unpromising commencement His landlord kept out of the way as much as possible, though when they did meet he behaved with studied civility. Stephen was well aware, however, that he had neither forgotten nor for- given their encounter, and would probably make reprisals if any opportunity occurred. As for Mary, never had she been so happy. Friendship and sympathy brightened her life and warned her lonely heart. Tonic was the wonder and admiration of the neighbourhood, and his daily promenades we're quite a triumphal: progress. He accepted the public homage graciously enough, but in a cool', imperial manner, as merely a tribute that was his due, showing no marked preference for any one but Mary, who repaid his affection with boundless devotion. t ' The days crept by getting warmer and longer Blustering March and fickle- April, were past, and May came smiling, in. One evening, on returning from the foundry, Stephen, threw into Mary's lap a bunch of flowers he had just bought in the street. ,-. i : , i : |" A message from the country, to tell you that summer is coming," she said. She was seated at work, with' Tonic at her feet, and raised the flowers to her face with a deep breath of; delight.' ' . at "> l" How sweet ! and how beautiful the country must be looking now ! I haven't seen informant since the day I ran away from home." ' ' ' ("You ran away ?', he repeated, as he took a seat opposite to her and lifted, the child on his knee. " When was that?"' i i T i i i i Sue looked down, tracing figures on the table with the point of her scissors. "It was nearly four years ago ; not long' after my mother died. I was so miserable at home. Father -- Well never mind," she broke off. ' "One morning- I it was in the early autumnal left the house meaning'never'to'return.','When I got away from 'the town', I walked on and on, along the country roads, not caring where they led me, till late in the afternoon, I found myself on the borders of a great common. It was Fernleigh | Herb. Have you ever been there ?" a He shook his head. 11 ,' . I " It is a beautiful place-so wild and free. It stretches away as far as you can see,! with the blue sky coming right down every side, and the furze bloom shining yellow as gold. I wandered about till dark, then lay down in a hollow and went to sleep. It was so strange to wakelin' the night and find nothing between me and the stars, which seemed like millions of bright eyes looking down at me." 1 j " Were you not afraid?" j " No, but I had the strangest feeling-as if as if I had died and come to life again in another world, where there was no such thing as' sorrow or anger or pain. My heart had been full of bitterness when I went to sleep, that it had all died away in the beautiful solemn, stillness. I fancied mother, was looking down at me, telling motto go home and do my duty, as she had done here till she died." 1 HE ,, ! Her voice faltered, and she put her hand to her eyes. 1 1 " " 1 M I I I 1 " And you went home she said gently, after a pause. ' ' A ' ' ' '" " l '' " Yes, 'J' started directly it was light, and reached home in time to get father's dinner," she answered, smiling "I have of ton thought I should like to see the heath again," sheldon cluded, as she resumed her work. " You shall," he responded. " We will spend a day there you and I and the little one." She clasped her hands rapturously. " Oh do you mean lit ? When shall we go ?" " To-day is Saturday ; why not to- morrow? We can RO by an early train and take our dinner with UB."' " And so it was settled and she at once began her preparations for the excursion, glancing anxiously at the sky now and then to see if it promised Que weather for the morrow. The next day proved all that could be desired sunny, clear, and cloudless with only just enough breeze to give freshness to the air. " Why, Mary, you are dazzling," was Stephen's exclamation, as she made her appearance after breakfast in all the glory of a freshly, trimmed hat, with a bunch of primroses in her dress. "And how-" de paused, looking at her as she bent to put on Tonio's hat. " And how very pretty you look I" he concluded. ' . She glanced up at him as if doubting whether she had heard correctly, 1 but something in his eyes-an expression she had never seen there before made her own droop, and suffused her cheeks with a warm colour. I Half an hour later they were being borne away from smoky Hammerton into the green and gracious country. The breeze blew freshly through the open I , , ; , a - '' carriage ' windows, ' fluttering , the ribbons in Mary's hat and the end of Tonio's scarlet neck tie. The child was in wild spirits and chattered ss merrily at a brook, with rippling bursts of laughter and little startled cries, as some un- familiar object came in sight, and now and then a pause of silence and a deep sigh of measure- less content. It was still early when they reached the quiet little town of Fern'oigh-Cold field, and the church bells were ringing for morning service. Directly they emerged from the sunny, silent streets they found themselves on the borders of the heath. The soft winds swept over its wide expanse, applying it with fleeting cloud shadows and bringing aromatic odours of broom and wild thyme. The larks were soaring and singing jubilantly, high up against the blue ; the cuckoo's note came at intervals from a distant wood, and as they walked on the sound of church bills followed them, solemn and musical, like a benediction on the day. Stephen was quieter than usual, and she fancied there was a change in his manner a certain reserve which was not coldness, yet which seemed to put an unwonted distance between them She would have feared she had offended him, but it was not displeasure she read in his eyes when they met her own. When the bright day was waning toward afternoon, they sat to rest in the woods which bordered the heath. The slant Buubaams,' low but clear, touched the mossy boughs with gold, and steeping through the young leaves, filled the space beneath with a soft green twilight. Now and then the fitful breeze shook the tree- tops and passed on somewhere in the heart of the wood a thrush was singing his sweet, full throated song. They were sitting on a fallen tree ; Tonic half asleep on his father's knee, his red lips parted in a drowsy smile ; the flowers he had gathered, falling one by one from his relaxing grasp., "What are you thinking of Mary ? " Stephen asked after a silence, turning toward her as she sat, with folded hands, looking down the vistas of the wood. " I was thinking of the day, four years ago, when I came here alone. H w different I feel now I How changed everything is I " 1 " Changed for the better. I hope. You are happier now, are you not J' Happier ? I never knew what happiness was till-till you and the little one came," _ " Why what have we done for you, except give you trouble ? ' he asked, mi ing as he laid his hand on hers , , "More than you know ; more than I can tell you," she replied softly. "My heart was wither- ing for want of kindness ; all that was good in me was being crushed. I felt that I was getting hard and bitter , " and no wonder," he put in. " But it your friendship saved me. From the very first day, when you spoke to me so gently, and the little lad put his arms round my neck, I felt-I-" , > , u Her voice broke she bent and hid her face on Tonio's curly head. Roused by the touch he stroked her cheek, then, suddenly raising himself, he drew his father's head down to the same level. " KISS Mary- covering Mary I " he pleaded. The young man laughingly resisted, but the little brown hands held him tight, and at length he complied and laid his lips to her's. She trembled under the caress, and flushed to her forehead. For a moment his bronzed cheek caught the reflection of hers, then paled, and a look of pain, almost remorse, crossed his face. Raising her eyes timidly Mary caught that look, and wondered at it. She felt a passing chill ; a vague uneasiness. It was the first shadow which had crossed the brightness of the day, a ' ; He was silent, looking down. Suddenly he raised his head. . ,;. "Mary," he began, abruptly, "I promised that I would tell you some day why I asked you to guard my boy SO jealously. Have you never wondered ?" / f i "I thought you feared to have him stolon. You may have an enemy who--" "I have," he interrupted, a bitter! and dangerous one. And that enemy is-my wife." "Your wife!" She started, looking up at him incredulously. " You said you told me she was dead." - ' ' 'ii '9 I said that my child had no mother," who corrected ; " and, indeed, he is worse than mothorloBs. But my wife is not dead. May heaven forgive me if I say that I would she were, or that I had been before I met her." The girl could not speak ; she looked straight before her with; eyes that saw nothing. She did not know what had come to her she felt suddenly cold and tired, and all the glory had departed from the day. At length she spoke with an effort. < i Is she Italian:?" of " YOB. I first met him at Genoa, five years ago. i I had been sent out to superintend the working of some new machinery in one of the velvet weaving factories there She was the foreman's daughter, and the loveliest woman I ever saw. I fell in love at first sight, and married her after three weeks' courtship, knowing absolutely nothing of her character and disposition. I paid a heavy price for my rashness My beautiful wife had the temper of a fiend violent, cruel, revengeful. For four miserable years she made, my life a daily martyrdom. I should have been driven to despair, to crime perhaps, but for my child. His little while BOUR stood between me and ill. For his sake I bore with her till I discovered it makes me angry still to think of it-that he, too, was the victim of her evil temper. Return- ing unexpectedly one day I found her beating him unmercifully for some childish fault. The sight of his pain maddened me to that degree that I lost all control over myself. For the first -time I struck her. I expected she would rave and storm at me. She: said not a word, but she I gave me a look I shall never forgot, and I knew from that moment that my wife was my deadliest enemy. i But I was not prepared for the revenge she took." THE" i j i " What was it in his companion whispered. " Iho^vory'noxtd'ay sho quitted the house secretly, taking the' child with her, and leaving a not to tell me that I should never see either her or him again. For two whole months I searched for him 'vain at length accident put me on her track. I traced her from place to place till I found her in Paris. She had gone on the stage, and already the city was ringing with her beauty." ' .' ' "And Tonic?". '' ' i\ ' . < " Tonic was with her, but so changed such a poor ghost of himself that I should hardly have known him if, when I entered the room where he was, he had not sprung toward me with a cry that went to my heart His mother did not attempt to prevent me from taking him, but she warned me, mockingly, that though I had get him I should not keep him sooner or later she would find him, and I should lose him when I least expected it. That was the last I saw of her. It is more than a year ago, but her threat has haunted me over since." " Does she know where you are?" the girl asked, apprehensively. " " I think not. hope not. She must have lost all trace of me when I went to Glasgow." Mary drew a deep breath and looked down at the sleeping child. "Now you have told me this I 8 all not know how to guard him carefully enough," she said, tightening her hold upon the child. " You cannot be more careful than you are," wo a his reply; while he is with you I feel secure. You have been a good angel, Mary, to me and to Tonic." She sighed, and they were both silent. The thrush had finished his song, the daylight was fading fast. "It's getting late," Stephen said, at last, looking round ; "we must go. I will carry Tonic. Don't forgot the flowers. She looked down at them drearily. " They are dead, she said. 1 "They will revive again in water." i"N; they are quite dead, she repeated, and left them lying on the ground. i Twilight was falling over the heath like a dusky curtain ; earth and sky seemed darkening round them as they walked on, and the wind had an eerie sigh that threatened rain. They were both very silent on the homeward journey. When they reached Hammerton station a train from the north was just in, and the platform was thronged and bustling. They made their way through the crowd, and mounted the steps leading up to the bridge. ' Stephen went first with the little boy. When he reached the bridge he looked around for his companion. She was leaning over the balls -i s i i trade, looking down at the platform as if witch- ing some one. Presently the looked up, with a pale, startled face, and beckoned to him. "I thought I saw her," she whispered. "Saw who V' " Your wife." He stared at her. "My -- You are dreaming, Mary I How would you know her ?" " It was a dark, beautiful woman, with eyes like Tonio's, only fiercer She was watching us-watching you. She stood just there, by the lamp. She is gone now " Without waiting to hear more he hurried down the steps In about five minutes he returned, out of breath. " No signs of her or of any one like her," he said, in a tone of relief. " It was your fancy, Mary. You had been thinking of what I told you." She said no more, but she seemed only half convinced, and glanced nervously over her shoulder more than once at they made their way home. Rain fell steadily all the next day. Mary rose that morning feeling languid and depressed, vaguely dissatisfied with herself and her surroundings. She had never noticed before how dingy and dull the street was it looked changed and unfamiliar, somehow ; or perhaps the change was in herself ; she could not tell. The hours wore away till it came to be dusk. Tonic, over-tired the previous day, fell asleep long before his usual bed time. She carried him up stairs and laid him, dressed as he was, in his little cot, close to her own bed. She stood a moment shading the candle with her hand, and looking down at him as he lay, his little tired limbs curled up, his red lips parted, the ruffled curls falling over his brow. Then pressing a soft kiss on his cheek she went down stairs. Having laid the table for supper, she took up her sewing, but found she could not work. She did not know what ailed her, or what was the meaning of the dull ache at her heart's pain that was not, all pain, but had a strange sort of bitter sweetness Soon her work fell into her lap, her eyes grew fixed and dreamy. \- he was sitting thus when the door opened. She glanced round, expecting to see Stephen Lydiard but it was her father who entered. She looked at him curiously. There was an air of suppressed excitement about him which attracted her attention at once, and made her exclaim before he could speak "Father, IS anything the matter ?" He took off his hat and pushed back his hair; he was flushed and out of breath. ' Matter enough. Lydiard's had an accident been and hurt himself with the machinery. They told me to fetch you." to Mary started to her feet, every trace of colour fading from her face. "Oh-is he badly hurt ? When did it happen ? of ''Not ten minutes ago. Yes, it's a bad job, I'm afraid. He's been asking for you, they say! , She caught up her hat and was over the thres- hold in a moment. 'to Wait here till I come back," she said over her shoulder. . ',' All right," he answered shortly, turning his back on her) as he took a seat near the hearth. The entrance to the works was at the end of the street, , When she reached it, the (day workers were just pouring out of the great archway. Mary caught hold of the first person she met , , ; . "Where is Stephoi Lydiard ? Is he much hurt?. How --" 1,1 The words died on her lips. It was Lydiard himself who stood before her. " Why, Mary, don't you know me?" he asked with a puzzled smile , [' Then you are not hurt 1 it was a mistake ?" she said bewildered.- - - - - lj ," Who told you I was hurt ?" r "Father. He must have been coaxing me, or else-" She started. A vague suspicion flashed across her mind. Without another word she darted from her companion's side and ran home. Her father was sitting where she had left him She did not stay to speak to him, but hurried up stairs to her own room. There was just light enough to show her that the cot was empty, and with a cry that rang through the house she rushed down stairs again. ' (j " The child-father, where is the child ?" she cried, seizing his arm. ' ' He looked her straight in the face with ' defiant smile. "The child is where he ought to be with his mother." His mother-" " Ay, and an uncommonly fine woman she is worthy of a better husband You may stare, I know all about it. She told me the whole story this afternoon. She saw you at the station last night, you know," he continued, nodding at her as he pressed some tobacco down' in his pipe. " She was on her way from Glasgow, where she had been in search of him. She followed you home, and has been watching the house all day, on the sly. When I went out after dinner she spoke to me. We soon came to an understanding, both of us having an account to settle with your model lodger-" i" And you found a pretext to get me out of the way while, I understand Father, what have you done ?" " " ' I" Done a good action ; paid off an old grudge and carried a five-pound note, all at one stroke-not a bad day's work I call it." ' He turned upon her with a look of triumph, which changed somewhat abruptly to one of apprehension when, glancing over his shoulder, he found that Stephen Lydiard had entered W perceived, and was standing behind them. His face showed that he had heard every word. Mary threw herself between the two men. ' ' , "It was my fault !" she cried " I ought' not to have left him But I shall find him, never fear she has not had time to go far, and I will make her give him up-" The next moment she was gone. ' ' K When he found himself alone with his lodger,'the,master of the house instinctively backed away, and put himself on the defensive. But for the moment Stephen was too much stunned by the blow to recollect what share the other had in it. (,','' " Which way did the woman turn' when she left the house i" he asked, hoarsely. ', 'Don't know, didn't look, was the dogged reply.' , a"J The young man saw it (was useless wasting words upon him. He pushed at the ' door a moment, looking right-hand left, then turned in the opposite direction to that which Mary had taken, and hurried away through the rainy dusk a u Evening had deepened into night before he returned, haggard with fatigue and anxiety, having found no trace of those he bought. He had hoped that Mary would be more successful, and his heart boat fast as he opened the door But he found the house empty, the kitchen only lighted by the glow of an expiring fire. Mr. Forrester had deemed it expedient to absent himself for a few hours ' , He glanced round and shivered, not so much with cold as with a presentiment of some darker trouble in store. Where could Mary be He feared he hardly dared think what He could not endure to be shut up in the dark and silent house. lit a candle, made up the fire, and then went and stood at the door, looking anxiously up and down the street. The rain had ceased now, and a " wan and weary moon " peered out at intervals through the rents of the clouds, throwing a pale, bluish gleam across the wet road. At length one of these brief glimpses of light showed him an approaching figure, at sight of which his heart leaped with renewed hope. He watched it with charming eyes till hope became certainty, and Mary stood beside him, with Tonto at her side. Uttering an inarticulate exclamation of joy and relief, he drew her into the house and shut the door. 'Clio boy ran to his father's arms with a shrill, glad cry-but Mary stood motionless and silent, i Wild and white, with the rain on her hair and the mud of the street on her dress, her eyes dilated with a blank, stricken look like one half stunned with a blow, she stood and looked at him. In the first moment he did not notice her expression, he only saw that she was there. " Thank heaven you are safe I" he exclaimed " I feared I hardly know what. And you have found my darling and brought h in back to me ! Oh, Mary, I have no words to thank you !' , She did not speak. She looked at him fixedly, forlornly, with her sorrowful dark eyes, but she said not word, >< > . I i i i h, ii -inn r i i instant The light died out of his face. " " What had happened ?" he asked, with a sudden change of tone, taking a step toward her. She drew back, putting the whole width of the room between them. " Don't ask me," she said, in a voice unlike her own. " The child is safe- that is enough, must go ; I dare not stay here." " Oh !" he echoed ; " why- Ah, what has happened ?" she shuddered from head to foot, made no answer, and turned abruptly away. He hand was on the door, but be caught and detained her. " Tell me you must." he said, in a quick imperious whisper. " Was there a struggle between you ? Did she-" She uttered a stifled cry, and, snatching her hand from his grasp, crouched against the wall, hiding her face. Tunio crept up and clung to her, but she put him almost roughly aside. 'Take him away, don't let him touch me," she said, hoarsely. " Let me go ! You don't know I am in danger." <' Then I must share it It is for life and death between us, Mary. Tell me, is my wife-" He paused ; the look she raised to his face arrested the words on his lips. " She is dead," the girl whispered. He started and caught his breath for a moment he could not speak. " Dead I ' But you but she did not die by your hand -- ?" She shivered, looking vaguely around her. " Yes -no. It is all confused, like a horrible dream." " Try to tell me all," he said after a pause " How and where did you And her ?" 1 I saw her before me with Tonic in her arms when I had got a street's length from the house, but I dared not stop her then, fearing that if there was a dispute between us the passers-by would take her part I followed her through the town to an hotel near the Central Railway station. I waited outside a few moments, then went in and asked for the foreign lady who had just come. The waiter took me up stairs to the door of the room where she was and left me. She was bending over Tonic, trying to silence his sobs by shaking him. She did not see me till I was close to her, and before she could recover from her surprise I had him in my arms. But in a moment she rushed to the door and set her back against it I know you,' she cried ; ' you were with him last night. He has sent you ? Well, go back and tell him for me that he shall never see his child again-do you hear ? never.' I made no answer, but tried to get to the door. ' Stand back,' she said, 'I warn you.' And then I saw that she had a revolver in her hand. I put the child behind me, and caught her wrist, trying to force it from her grasp. We struggled together desperately without a sound. Suddenly-I don't know how it happened there was a shot. She tossed her arms above her head with a terrible cry and fell." The girl paused, wiping her damp forehead. "For a moment I could not move. I stood like one frozen But there were voices and footsteps on the stairs. I took up the child again and hurried from the room and down a long corridor with a half glass door at the end. A flight of stairs led to the back entrance. I crossed a yard and found myself in another street. I run out blindly through the dusk, not knowing where I went, and it was not till I was exhausted that I stopped. I had not been followed, but I dared not return home till it was dark, and I have been wandering about j ever since." I She paused, and pushed back her hair nervously, listening to some fancied sound outside Stephen took her hand andoompelledher to sit down. He was deadly pale, but calm and firm. " You should not have fled," he said " only the guilty need do that, and you are innocent. What happened was purely an accident--" "Yes," she returned, interrupting him, "but how would people know that people who are always so ready to believe the worst ?" she cried, with-a shudder. Folding her arms on the table she let her forehead sink upon them wearily. Her excitement had given place to a dull feeling of indifference despairing resigna- tion whatever might befall her. Her companion stood for a moment with his hand over his lips looking down at her, his face stern with anxious thought. At length he tonohodher shoulder. ' " Mary, I am going to that place to make en- quiries." " Yes," she answered, without raising her head. ' ' " And you must stay here till I return. Do you hear?" < a "Yes," she repeated in the same tone. ' " I will do anything you wish. ' After all, what does it matter what becomes of me ?"'' , His face contracted with a look of pain. He bent till his lips brushed her drooping head. " "Itnnttors so much to me," he whispered, " that I would gladly lay down my life to save you from harm. You know it, Mary-you know that I- " He checked himself. A host of eager words besieged his lips for utterance, but this was not the time to speak them. The girl lifted her pale face with a sudden light upon it, and their hearts met in a look Then he turned away, and she hid her face on her arms again. " 1 don't mind now," she thought, "what- ever happens. I don't mind-" But it was no ' longer the indifference of despair that possessed her. For one brief instant she had tasted life's supremest joy ; Let fate do what it might it could not rob her of that moment. a Tonic was curled' upon the hearthrug, half Wasp. His father carried him upstairs to his own room and laid him on the bed, then left the house. ' ' \ > { Moments lengthened into hours, the night wore ' itself out, and the intense coldness of coming dawn crept into the silent house. Still he did not return. Mary never changed her position. Her limbs ached, her heart and brain felt number At length from sheer exhaustion she fell asleep. A hand on her shoulder, a voice in her ear, routed her suddenly from a troubled dream Raising her head she found Stephen at her side. '' she looked up at him in the bewilderment of aBudoQ awakening, oblivious for the moment of all that had happened. I ' As recollection returned her eyes dilated with anxiety. His expression reassured her before he spoke. ' ¡ < ' ' i ' "You have' nothing to fear, nothing to re- proach yourself with, he said, as he took a seat at her side. I ' ' "Then she is not" the girl began. "YOB, she is dead," he answered gravely, "but she lived long enough is to clear you from any shadow of blame. There was a priest with her when I arrived -she had asked for one-and to him she acknowledged that the shot was fired by accident when you were struggling together for the possession of the revolver." His companion drew a deep breath of relief. She could not speak, but she put her hand on his as it rested upon the table. His strong fingers closed over it with a warm, firm pressure ; he looked at her with all his heart in his eyes. "Mary," he said, suddenly, "you have risked your life for me and mine. Now, will you do something else for us ? ' , " What is there I would not do for you and yours Í" she returned, looking up at him. He put his arm round her and drew her to him, laying his bearded cheek against hers. " Darling," he whispered, " I am free now to say to you what was on my lips a few hours ago. I may ask you to give into my keeping a treasure I cannot live without, now I know its worth." " What is it ?" she asked, with dropping eyes. "Yourself," was the reply. A she spoke he put her a little away from him, so that he could look into her face. Joy beamed in it, transfiguring every feature. She raised her eyes with a tremulous, happy smile. \- ' Do you really need me ?" she questioned shyly; "you are quite sure? Then take me !" i And she laid her head upon his breast. ' THERE NEVER WAS so delicious a toilet water u BURNETT'S AOUADEFLOMMEL. A general favourite when ever introduced. This EXQUISITE TOILET WAT*»liio highly concentrated that a few drops will leave its delightful fragrance upon the handkerchief (or mair born. Its odour is that of an exquisite bouquet of choice and delicate flowers, without too much of that peculiar sweetness so common in French and German waters, which at first are agreeable, but at tereipoaura to the air become sickening It is the reverse with BURNETT'S A II JA BE In LoniMBU The longer it is subjected to the action of the atmoinhere.the more refreshing and delicious its aroma be- James Try the above to judge of it cometh. For sale by 'A.' F. Mater, Hobart ; EDWARD ASH A Son, Hobart [Wholesale by BARRON, MOXHAM, k Co., Srdnsr. i ) - ' . F J 