Main Roads. MR. GRIFFITH'S clause providing for " Excepted roads," under the Divisional Boards Act, has settled, once for all, the main road controversy, which has vexed the souls of our ixniticmns for three years past. When, early in the present session, Mr. Griffith declared his opinion that a solu tion might be found for the problem, we were reasonably incredulous. Prominent members of the Opposition had so unceas ingly reiterated that no settlement of the question was possible that did not embody the maintenance of main roads at the sole expense of the Treasury, that we may be pardoned for doubting whether the Opposition leader would suggest a solution which almost entirely relieved the Treasury. But he has done so, nevertheless, and that without a single objecting voice from his own side of the Mouse. Mr. Griffith has laid down in his amendment that no thoroughfare shall be an " excepted" or " main" road, contiguous to which more that one-twentieth of the abutting land is rateable property, and where the total rates for twenty miles along the road are less than .£5 per mile. No road, his amend ment runs, shall be excepted from the juris diction of a board unless these conditions exist with respect to it. "Which means that there shall be no roads maintained by the general Government except in the very few districts of the colony which are almost en tirely unoccupied. Mr. Macrossan was, in deed, wise in accepting this amendment, for the ghost of reactionary legislation on the subject when the Liberals get into power is now effectually laid. Had the Govern ment embodied such a clause in their bill it would have only been carried after a despe rate party fight. Under the Divisional Boards Act of 1879, the Governor-in- Council had full power to except any road from a board's control and treat it as a main road. The present Government, however, not finding any " scientific " definition of a main road, have steadily refused to except any ; and well have they been abused for this refusal. Now Mr. Griffith's amend ment has condoned and even stamped their refusal with approbation, and nas deprived any succeeding Government of the power to yield to popular clamour, or embarrass the Treasury while demoralising the local bodies. This settlement therefore justifies warm congratulations from the really earnest advocates of local government in the colony. Copies of two important Acts of Parliament recently passed are now issued at the Govern ment Printing Office. The first is the Immi gration Act, and the other is the Mineral Lands Act. The former is now in force, and persons interested in promoting emigration to the colony should obtain copies of the Act, which provides many facilities for nominated and assisted passages. The Mineral Lands Act comes into operation on the Ist January next, and its provisions should be carefully considered by the mining community. On Friday, the 22nd, a number of the inhabi tants of Gladstone met for the purpose of pre senting to Mr. Henry Friend, senior, an address, accompanied by a purse of sovereigns, on the eve of his departure from that town and district. The address expressed regret that circumstances compelled Mr. Frienaa depar ture, and, while wishing him every success in his new sphere, hoped the day was not far distant when he would apain take up liis residence at Gladstone. Mr. Friend's connection with the Port Curti* district, extends over a quarter of a century. He was the man who brought down to Gladstone the first parcel of gold (-Woz.) from the Canoona rush. On that occasion Mr. Friend was escorted by the since notorious John Campbell, who was hung at Brisbane last year for murder. Mr. Friend also built the first substantial wharf in Auckland Creek, and for years carried on the chief storekeeping business at Gladstone. 