PUNNIMENTS. Bo the ' books in the running brooks ' rightly oome under the head of ourrent literature ? When does a sculptor mako provision for the future P When he is planning a head. A battricai, innkeeper advertises his house aa ? the only socond- olasa hotel in tho world.' As a proof that hens have delicate (esthetic: sense it is remarked that thoy always aeom io wipe ineir loot wnen may enter a nower garden. 'Neuralgia' ie tho oharming name borne by a charming girl. Her fond mother found it on a medioine bottle, and was captivated with its Bwoeinojs. 1 I'm told, Mr. Jones, that you aro becoming a terribly hard drinker.' 'Not a bit,' cried Jones, 'not a bit. No man ever drank more easily.' Omb of the members for Wicklow aasnred his audience in the Lower House recently that, 'as long as Ireland was silent under her wrongs England was deaf to her cries.' Wet are a true lover's visits like a successful newspaper P Because thoy oommence weekly, become bi-weekly, then tri-woekly, and then daily, with a Sunday supplement. 1 How timo changes,' exciuims an exchange. 'In the good old Testament days it was considered a miracle for an ass to speak, and now nothing short of a miraole will keep one quiet.' Puml : ' What is a hero, Mr. Birohom t ' Teather (Mr. Birchem) : ? A hero is a man who conquers himself.' Pupil : ' Ah ! I see. A man who can sit down on a tack and only feel sad about it.' 1 Mb. Boatman,' aaid a timid woman to the ferryman who waa rowing her across the river, ' are people ever lost in this river ?' - Oh, no, ma'am,' he replied, ' we always find 'em again within a day or so.' Maoistratb to witneBB with bandaged head : ' Did he have any provocation when ha struok you ? WitnoaB : ' He may have had some thiag of the kind ooneealed on his person, but it was a briok he struok me with.' ' Why don't you grow a moustache, Edwin t Yon would look much better.' ' I don't want one. I've got a pair of cricketer's whiskers.' 'Cricketer's whiskers! What are they?' ' Eleven on each Bide, dear.' Instructor in Latin: 'Miss B., of what was Cerea the goddess?' Miss B. : ' She waa the goddess of marriage.' Instructor: 'Oh, no— of agrioulturo.' Miss B. (looking per plexed) : ? Why, I'm euro my book says she is the goddess of husbandry.' ' Do you reside in thiB city ?' asked a masked man of a masked lady at a masked party, ths other evening. He felt aiok when she said to him, in a low voice : ' Don't be a fool, John ; I know you by the wart on your thumb.' ' It was his wife. 1 No, my boy. Why do you ask that question?' 'Because I heard uncle Joe say that if yon would only husband your resonroes you wonld get along a great deal better than you do. That's all.' 'Ain't you going to put your house in mourning on this solemn occasion, Mr. Smike f ' said a village patriot to a neighbour, reproach fully. 'No, of course I ain't,' returned the unabashed Smike. ' Mrs. S.'s mother died yesterday, and it might oreate a false impieB sion.' A yodno lady artist married a young gentle man artist. The unolo of the bride made a call upon them, and found them sitting in opposite corners of their joint etudio in tha sulks, the husband saying that his wife's waist waa out of proportion, and the wife Baying that hor hus band's nose waa too small. £L unnniuuAn wuu uttu uuicu LUU well, nnu laid himself open to a remark that he had been pnesing the bottle inordinately, or rather stop ping it from paeaing by filling; hia glass, aaid, ?It i« not the wine I have taken that has affected me— not in the least. Don't think that. It's not the wine ; it's my inability to carry it oomfortably.' ' Combj' said ono of a couple of lawyers, sauntering through the new law courts in Mel bourne- the other day, 'Let's take a look at what is to be in tho new Court.' ' Yea,' re turned the other, ' let's visit the ground where we ahall shortly lie.' Tub moonlight stolo through the Venetian blinds and illuminated the brow of the fair Oincinnatian, as Alfred Delamayne of Oinoin nati stooped and pressed his lip upon it, Baying : 1 Your lovo for mo will be otornal as the light of the stars ? ' ' Yes, Al,' she impulsivoly mar* mured, ' I swear to love you an long as pork fat will grease griddles.' Two Irishmen wore poring over a newspaper, and coming to the heading ' Latest,' and then, immediately following it, to the hoading ' Very LateBt,' one said to the other, ? An' euro, Tim, will ye be after oxplainin' what thia manes t ' ' Arruh, bedad,' said Tim, ' an' it's mcself that oan explain it to ye. Snre tho latest ia what oomes ia timo to be printed, and the very latest iB what cornea after tho paper is out.' Mb. Mahhowfat had been complaining of nervousness, and deolared that of late he felt bo bad that any exoitement was most distress ing to him. One day ho asked the family phy Bioian what he should take for it. ' Ia it noise that ohiefly troubles you ?' 'I think it is,' sold Mr. Marrowfat. ' Very well,' resumed tho astute and sympathising Galon, 'put a apoonful of paregorio in your wife's coffee every morning.' ' What did you do with that letter that was on my table?' aaked Gub Do Smith of tha ooloured boy who oleana up his room. \' I tuok it to the coat offioo, sab, and put it in de hole.' ' What did you do that for ? Did you not see thero was no address on tho envelope f ' I aaw dat dar was no writin' on do 'volope, but I lowed yer did dat aron purpose, so I couldn't tell who yor wns n writin' to. I'se on edioated negro, I 1b.' — Texas Sifting*. TunRE waB an amatour thoatrioal perform ance a few nightB ago iu a fashionablo mansion on Austin avonuo. Gas Do Bmith was ongagod to play the Ohoit in ' Hamlet.' ? Now, Gns,* said the manager, ' all in the world yon have to do is to oomo in and eay, ' I am thy father's ghost,' and you inuBt do it in a doop, sonorous voice.' Gub said ho wanted some hard part, whero ha might havo a chanoe to spread him self, but finally agreed to do aa ho was told. When tho ghost's, tarn camo, ho spoiled the tragio offoot of the whole performance by saying : ' I am thy fathers ghott, and yon must do it in a deep, sonorous voioe.'— TtMat Biftin$i. 