KoYÎew.n i n[ {' GOD AND MIR MAN t'' ARomano©, by ? BOB?SB.T "BUCHANAN, Chattó'andWihdus, Piccadillyi 18815 Maddock's Library/ Sydney; ," ,'; In a few raro instances whore t\e poet aleo becomes novelist, wo get somo real work of genius, which, whilst satisfying our, imagination, ? and "feeding the finer fancies of romantic thought," also strikes deep down into tho heart of things, and bids ours pulsate in strong and appreciative sympathy with some noble losson of truth, or ruth, or fortitude, or unselfish effort, and awakes ? within us the often sleeping, but yot undying, . human chord by which . , Ono touch of iiaturo niakos tho whole world kin ; and in this " Eomanco V Mr. Robert Buchanan has given to his readers a very noble book, and ono as ably, if not even more ably," written than his " Shadow of tho Sword,";which so/took tho lite rary world by storm, and the publication of which at once firmly fixed Ms position as ono of. tho greatest novelists of the day. : , ? -, i.,.5 ; ^,We shall not disclose tho plot, as it is unfair to tho gentle reader to do so beforehand, but briefly state that it is the " history of a'hate," that the characters are fow, but each ono "lives'and moves and has an individual boing " such 'as only genius can inspiro tho creatures of imagination with, that tho hero, Christian Christianson, ! is emphatically a man, and the. heroine, Priscilla Sefton, equally also a real man's fitting helpmate, as ? . > < i ?. _, A perfect woman, nobly planned, : > : ; i ¡ ... To warn¿ to comfort, and commaudii r ii« j , That the descriptions of scenery,' especially ,the "Yeoman Home" in England, and. thelohe island refuge in the icy solitudo of the frozen North, are,marvellous in its blonded realism, and :,viyid poetic colouring, and that tho strong,'nerouE narrative is also aptly illustrated with vigorous and keenly characteristic illustrations. .'????»:?;.'» j ' The real preface is a poem 'of great power' ano originality, which shadows forth tho "history',' and its event. ,¡(>, | And silver sandalled, still as death,!iv< .[?.» i , Tho whito moon in hor own puro breath,, ; ¡ '.,,, | , Walks yonder. Doth, ho seo her pass ' ,¿1 < . ,: Over tile glimmering water glass r" ' . " ' ' -\ ¡ " 11 ?>!..>!.;..... ; Sees ho tho stars that softly swing '''-"I j . i fr ¡. Like lamps around hor wandering, : .>('* t'.'..¡' | . . .. Sown thick as early snowdrops now. ,; ! .??>? < . ? ; . ! i .?In tho dark furrows of the plough?,; > ,i ,- ,, ri- ' . ' Hears ho tho sud still rhythmic throb ( | j ; Of tho dark ocean wliero ho stands-'1 ', ,', i . Tho great strong voice stilled to a sob Near darkoned capos and glimmering sands ? The opening scone is also near tho closing one of the hero's father, with whose death th( " hate " really vivifies into venomous being. But old Christian sits moveless, with his blank eyes hal oloscd, flxod on tho Aro. Like a fallon treo did we say Eather Uko some grey pillar of granite rising grimly out o the sea, with tho innuniorahlo laughter of ocean around it mid Hight of whito wings around it, and brightness abov it, dead, deal to all tho washing of tho waves of lifo, am blind to all tho shining of tho san. * * . » » Of what was a living face, but a fow minutes before, only i marbia mask remained. All knelt and prayed, for th shadow which follows all mon was in the room, i ' A few short extracts, here and there', taken a hazard, is all our space' allows; but ¡ aró quit sufficient to show tho', power and depth of th writer.. . . ; Ï ',. Night had now fallen, but tho skies above woro full c a faint palpitating starlight " liko the ghost of, day. . . ; . Tho girl s boautiful prosonco, tho dreamy scent tho doeponiug twilight, tho soft voioos of tho soa, lind n, thoir temporary spoil upon him. It is idlo to think tim such things havo witchery for only good mon-thoy ii fluonco tho bad and ignoblo also, nay o von tho britte bensl fool them, bliudly fooling upward to speech and sou ." .' . . . Tho vapours rolled opon und showc tho bloodshot sun glaring liko a raylcss oj upon tho desolation. . . . A formúlalo nian-of-wa: ?with-closed port bolos, like clonehod teeth I .... It Boomed all at onco as if tho world brightonod like blooc the far north shot up crimson beams, tho fields-of ic turned to ruby and vormilion hues, tho Bea a dcop purpl tho lióávons abovo liko tho strange nmothyst stono. Thei was no cloud in tho sky, no ripple on tho sea. Iii tho di; ,south tho glory was roilooted in ilako whito clouds', broke .with pink and vermilion bara. [Christiansen at last realises tho "curso of; gwintod prayer," and that tho ycngeànco^whiç seems such a'feast in anticipation, mayilbaye^V1 very bitter .flavour .after fruition. , 4 , V;,c"-f*ci>. . Ah, Wolli hato is easy; God knoweth; out In tho wór whore mon (battle with ono another; but it is hai!d¿ ns havo provon, when two mon aro all alone with God. : .- . God was to AU my cup full mensuro, oven to tho; very rn ning o'er. I hau prayed for this mau's lifo; it was.to ' given me. Ainsi when God answors our p'nssioiiatOiploa ings, oven to tho fruition of our wicködest desire, Ho inoxorablo to tho end ! Yea ! ovon so ! for no man knoweth the ou come of his prayer, even when for the good i others ; how much loss so when selfishly seokir for his Own, or what in his ignoranco ho dooms h own, at tho possiblo exponso of another ? How tlie vongeanco speeds, or fails, we tru tho gentle rcaclor will seek for himsolf, feeling n sured that whilst so seeking he will also bo pr bably learning-for though the author modest entitles it a " Romance," all who have lived loi enough, and to sufficient purpose, to learn th this earthly life is but a Btrugglo and a strife b tween the angel and tho fiend that are bo: within us, will read between the lines clearly, ai seo that it is, in fact, a noble sermon, whoso li ing text is in His dying, but deathless, prayer " Forgive them, Father, for they know not wh thnv do." _ : A. . A strango disoaso lias brokon out among horses in tho Dubbo district. Tho symptoms aro swelling of tho hoad, nook, and foro-quavtors ; tho logs attain ari abnormal sizo, and thoro is a heavy swelling and dis charge from tho noso. Tho courso of tho diseasó runs five days. It is vory destructivo among toam horsos. At an inquiry held at Cobar on tho bodies of Georgo Walkor and John Watson, found on tho Amphitheatre Station, tho jury returnod a vordiot that the doceas-od died'of thirst, and oxprossod tho opinion that tho li voa of both might havo boon saved by the police had they gono ont oarlior to scar eli for tho mon. A correspondent writos that tho Lithgow minors aro constantly being thrown out of work temporarily by tho doiioionoy of empty railway trucks, and that a largo number aro going to loavo thu valley on this account. It is no uncommon thing, ho assures na, to bo told on going to work, "No trucks, you can go .homo." lîighfcly or wrongly, ho says that tho traffic department has blessings iuvokod upon it doily.. 