BENDIGO HOSPITAL SUNDAY. Yesterday, Hospital Sunday, was celebrated for the 10th time since its introduction to Sand- hurst in 1873. The weather was most beautiful indeed, and for those well acclimatised was just the sort of day to be enjoyed out of doors. The attendances at the churches were about as large as usual, but, unfortunately, shortly after the even- ing services commenced a fire broke out at New Chum, and the bell in the watch-tower being rung there was, as is the custom in Sandhurst, above all other places in the colony, a rush out of the different churches. The church collections in the aggregate, therefore, show a falling off of a few pounds, as compared with last year. Had it not been for the untoward incident just described, we are certain the amount collected would have been considerably above the preceding year. The service in the Camp Reserve was as well attended as hitherto, and, though no choir of singers was present, the musical arrangements made by Mr. Northcott were most effective. The collection in the reserve amounted to £112 15s, 9½d., just 4d. more than last year. The average individual contribution from the multitude in the reserve was something less than 3d. per head. One generous contributor early in the day slipped a cheque for £5 into a collecting box, but on the box being opened in the evening it was found in halves, and generally tattered about by contact with coins. However, on being together the signature _ pasted enough for _ and amount was legible for all practical purposes, but the cheque had a narrow escape of being ground to dust by friction against the loose silver and pennies. Some amounts collected in outlying districts have yet to come in, and it will be noticed that on a date to be fixed, a collection for the hospital will be taken up in All Saints' Church. THE OPEN AIR SERVICE The fine weather, which distinguished yesterday from previous Hospital Sundays, had the effect of inducing many people to visit the open air service who would otherwise have been absent and there rnust have been from 10,000 to 15,000 persons present in the reserve. In place of the platform which in previous years has been erected for the convenience of the preacher and the choir, there were two lorries covered over by a canvas tent, and thus the expenses were decreased by a considerable stint. At half-past two o'clock the members of the Sandhurst Troop of the P.W.V.V.L.H.; to the number of about 30; officered by Captain Sibley and Lieutenants Bell and Goodisson, and the Rifles to the number - of about 80 under Major Blackham; Captain Anderson, and Lieutenants Dyason and Cahill, fell in at their orderly room, and preceded by the Volunteer Band, under the leader- ship of Mr.Northcott, marched down View-street TKciliSV, to iuii'bH^ yt .il illSiclU tile irb'nt f oanv Proceeded along. Pail Mall, up Park-road; and entered the Reserve at the gate at the back of the gaol. On arriving at the ? in the reserve, the company took their places in front and on each side of the platform. At the time the cavalry and rifles commenced to assemble, and during the march previous to entering the reserve, the streets were crowded with thousands of people, and on the arrival of the company in the reserve, there was a.very large crowd assembled. The Regimental Band under the able leadership of Mr. J. Northcott, occupied a position of prominence, and during the service played a number of hymns and the other music incidental to the service. The plaving of the baud was exceedingly tine, and the ' Hallelujah Chorus" was given with excellent effect. It has been the practice in previous years for a strong choir to give their assistance, but the* custom way departed from yesterday. Notwithstanding the undoubted excellence of the band, many opinions Were expressed that thero should have been a choral service also. Hid officiating clergyman was tho Rev. Arthur Powell who preached from Mathew, 24th chapter, 44th verse. The following is a condensed report of the sermon: —Every intelligent man and woman in tlus audi ence admits the necessity of making preparation for events of spccial importance. If you wero going to purchase property, enter into' business, or emigrate to some distant land, you would ponder the matter carefully and make the best possible preparation. Some present remembered the timo when they determined to leave old England for the distant continent of Australia and ^ tho time spent in preparation. ^ Adopting the simile, every man, woman, and child in the wide world has to undertake a voyage. Tho decree has gone forth from God's eternal throne, and we must obey, That voyage was over the river of death into tho land beyond, and it all depends upon tho prepara* tion men make whether tney cross over the river into the land of unmarred delight, or are borne down by the current into the lake that bun\eth with fire and brimstone; and because the Lord Jesus Christ wants all of us to enter the regions of unending bliss ho calls out to us to get ready-—4 Bo 3Te also ready." The text refers to the Day of Judgment. To be prepared for death is to be pre pared for judgment. The necessity for making preparation appears when you consider—(1) Tho certainty of death's approach; (2) man's unfitness in his natural state to meet the # foe; (3) the stealthiness of tho ^ foes on coming; and (4) Tho tremendous issues at ' stake. The thought may pass through some mind, why preach of death to an audience like this? Take up tho trump of warning and sound it in the ears cf the aged and infirm, tell them of the river soon to be crossed; but damp not the spirits of those whose lite is vigorous, and yet in its spring-time. Ring out to us the joy bells of life, bring out tho timbrel and the harp, and tell us of the gladness of the life that is, and that which is to como. Ah 1 if all were converted, or if all were making preparation the preacher 6aid it would give him supremo delight so to do. He would rather a thousand times speak of the blessings, the joys unspeakable and full of glory, • than he would speak of the cursing which awaits _ the finally impenitent and the death that never dies. Always to speak of the bright and beautiful to tho uncon verted would bo like singing softly in tho ears of a man who had fallen asleep across a railway line, and the express train coming down in tho distance like a flash of lightning. 'Twere kinder far to shriek out the roughest words of warning that tho throat could utter, and so save the man. Tho rev. gentleman made the four leading ideas above mentioned the basis of his remarks, and then appealed to the audience—by the certainty of death's approach; by our natural state of sin and shame; bv the stealthiness of tho foes oncoming; and by tfie tremendous issues at stake—"Be yo also ready." . At the collection which was taken up during tna service the amount of £112103.9}d., aproximately, was realised. The following are the details of tho collection :—Notes, £3 ; half-sovereigns, £1; half crowns, £G 15,-!. ; florins, £6 6s. ; shillings, £38; sixpences, £31 4s.; fourpencea, 3s.; threepences, £17 10s.; bronze, £2 10s. flid. : cheque, Mr. J. Britten, iu; do., Mr. IV. 0. Grimley, £1 Is.— total, £112 15s. 9.|,d. (10s. Gd. of this amount was given by the employes of the Park Company.) The corps desire to thank the gontJexnen who kindly assisted in taking up the collection, and specially to record their appreciation of tho generous conduct of Mossrs. Gilbert and Bird in conveymg tho benches, etc., to and fro freo of charge. At St. Paul's in tho morning the Rov. Canon M'Cullagh preached from Acts, XX chapter, 35th verso—"Ye ought to support the weak, and to remember tho words of the Lord Jesus how he said, ' It is more blessed to give than to receive.' " After explaining and enforcing tho duty referred to in the text, the preacher stated that, whatever difference of opinion might exist in reference to the amount of out-door relief given to each applicant, no one who visited the asylum could fail to nrriva at the conclusion that tho inmates were well cared for, and their wants attended to. The same remark applied to the Industrial School, as nothing could exceed tho pains taken to make tho boys good and intelligent men. The matters mentioned in the press were merely matters of opinion, as no one doubted tho integrity and thoughtfulness of the committee. He also said that it was a most creditable thing for the press to undertake, as it always did, the causo of the weak and the atllicted. The collection amounted to £19 (is. (id., and tho evening collection to £lti;aiaking.i total of £35 (is. Gd. altogether. At All Saints' Church no collection was mada yesterday in aid of tho Hospital or Asylum. Be fore commencing his sermon tho Rov. Mr. Croxton advanced a few reasons to show why a collection should not bo mado on be half of the Asylum. Ho stated that last year it would be remembered that the collection then was supposed to be for the Hospital only, but hefound that it had been divided between the two institu tions. Consequently at a futuro date a special collection would be taken up for tho benefit of tho Hospital. He quoted from tho report of the in spector of charities (Mr. JCeal) to show that tho Asylum had been extravagantly managed, that tho money contributed was not used for the benefit of the poor, and that 33 per cent, of it went to the collector. The circulars concerning tho Asylum, which had been distributed, were inaccurate and were calculated to mislead. In those circulars it was stated that the average number of indoor patients was 202, but from the inspector's report na found that it was 131. The surplus above tha ordinary collection was yesterday devoted to thti Ladies' Benevolent Society. The Chinese church, under the supervision ui Canon M'Cullagh, contributedlos. Od. Sir. James Le Wall, the catechist, officiated. ^ The morning serviceo at the \Ve3lc3ran Church, Forest-street, -were conducted by the superinten dent of the district, the Rev. R. C. Flocthart. The preacher chose for liis lesson the very ap propriate and well-known 13th chap, of 1st Corin thians, and from tlio 5th verse of _ the same chapter preached an eloquent and impressiva sermon. The reverend gentleman commenced his sermon by stating that our religion, the religion of Christianity, is not like any earth-bora system, inasmuch as its blessings were offered to all man kind alike. Mankind consists of one great family, each member of which is mutually depen dent oil theother, andeachcharged with theserious responsibility of being bound to give support, com fort, and assistance to the need}' wherever found, andfrom this responsibility 110 maiicouldgetawav The first of all royal commands is "Thoushalfc love thy neighbour as thyself," and consequently charity should be looked upon as the ruling principle of the Gospel. The preacher went on to explain that the old Jinglish word charity meant love, good-will, or benevolence, whereas it is now generally* used in connection with almsgiving and a disposition to relieve the wants of other-. The Apostle evidently intended that tho higher meaning should be attached to the word, viz., love, which is tho propelling power in all true charity. Charitv, the reverend gentleman said, is an exotic from the realms of the blest—it is from above and not from man—it is I lie offspring of the love of God in the heart of man and seeks the good of the whole world, being truly Catholic and universal both in its principles and practice. The possession of that Charity, which "seeketh not her own," prove.; the genuine character of our religion. (Jur charity must be utterly uuselhsii, not even seeking for applause, for then the great beauty of its character would be completely lost. Faith and Hope differ from Charity; they bring in trw-iuros to tlio heart of man, but Charity delights i>»t these treasures and distributing thorn '• i.iVit the needy and suffering- ones. We should IW-'tft Christ as the best and most perfect model V iVi-.vrity, sinco for our sakos Ho g.ivo up His wo might becomo rich, and spout His jjf , in jrjiiiT about doing good. In showing that , j- more" blessed to give than to receive tho m- ieher quoted Lord JSacon, who_ said not only ,iV',,ursoiTo\vs lessened but our felicities increased i," iifording h°lpto otbors. Ho referred to such jiVtrioiu philanthropists as John Howard) Graco Mi'*. Jl<ry> !Ul(l 'lie founders of tho X/ife Boat Institution, and said that only In' ii nevsons as these experienced tho very height. -.;,J r.-soiicc of felicity—siirfi as tlio selfish liiari never possibly feol. We should remember liJil iiie greatest example of charity of nil h.h that inestimable love ui (jou lor wiiioh led Him to seek Christ into the world, „.,t merely for the salvation of friends but also f that of thoso who were His sworn foes, .u tho evening service the officiating minister Was t> I!ev. Walter Powell. Tho text chosen was the litii vor.sn of the 4 th chapter of Hebrews—" IVr v. o hawi notahi^h priest which cannot be toiiched with tlio feeling of oiirhirtrjiiitiosj" jt'.1. Tild stili j,v;i'f discourse Was Christ's sympathy; No matter !'::xo: % oxtent ™ are wo hav6 :-'A,u'' o^nipatliy of lugli Heaven. Our high priest, our intercessor, was not liko tho high priest nf those to whom the Apostlo was writing, who lii'l very little knowledge of tho trials of his people, b '.t utie who who had suffered privation, poverty, catempt, and temptation beyond that which falls tn t.'io lot of any of us, Ho would therefore th.n-.mghly understand our difficulties, for His sympathy for us arose^ from nothing moro or less tiuui that of fellow feeling. This was tho true basis (>t Christ's sympathy for us. His temptation Was net a music, but a stern, reality. Ho Was tried in uiiml, I'.'iiv, and estate. He knew what bodily twinnstion meant, and had many a time arid oft suffered from hunger and thirst. . .Some people said that Christ eould never have suffered such excru ••ir.tiirr paitt.as they, but tho ilreaChdr tiaid ho had ii_n or Jit'ard of persons suffering such pain as caused the smaller blood-vessels to burst with its iiiteiisitv, and cause tho 'sufferer to sweat great drops of blood. Yet it was such pam as.this that tho Saviour suffered. 3Ir. Powell said he had no intention of finishing his subject, but wotfld oon i'i nie for the present by saying that the sympathy uf Heaven meaut praqtical help. Ho would urge his hearers to take their troubles to Christ, who weald thoroughly Understand thim; ahdtlid resujt must be that tiic peace of God would keep their hearts and minds in Christ Jesus. The collections in the morning amounted to £0 iGs. 3d., and in tho Pieniit? to £l3 lis. 7il.; total, £22 7s. lOd. At the four services held at St. Ivilian's Pro C.itheiiraJ, collections were taken Tip. Father O'foimell celebrated mass at eight o'clock, arid the (,f ev. ,Pr. Jiovillc lit nine o'clock and eleven o'clock; :U ilie eleven O'clock iriass; tlierfl.WitS it large attendance. Dr. Rovillo prefaced his' sermon by p liming rint tliij desirability • all persons being f-'ijiicctecl- with bori'efit; societies, whereby they could receive rcliof in times of sickness, and thus i-iake themselves .in.souio way independent of the tharitablo institutions, at the same time relieving the institutions to a considerableexteiit. He took iiii to.vt froni the book of St. .Paul; chapter 4th, verses 46 to 53. The preacher said that at the time that our Saviour sojourned on earth, Ho per formed many acts of charity. He restored a dead 5,m to his mother, relieved infirmities,1 restoring the sight to those who wore blind, and curing these afflicted with the repulsive disease of leprosy.. On another occasion, He had compassion on the lmiltitudo, and would not send tliem away hungry, and He satisfied the multitude of 5,000 peoplo with drinls and food. Men Were roquirod to follow tho ox.unpio of their Lord and Master, which Ho had so frequently brought under their notice. He friupiently brought under their notice the absolute necessity of listening to tho claims of charity, and t, was their duty to listeil to tne voice >. the poor. He would impress upon them tho great spiritual rewards promised by our Lord to tlio.su who relieved tho poor and distressed. Tlwy should not close . their eara to the cries of ! !ni "poor, whethor they camo from tho Benevolent Asylum, Hospital, or from the lonely hut. These wore words that they oucht to weigh well and allow to sink deep into their hearts, for the Lord h ul .siid that ho who refuses to. listen to the claims of charity will not- himself have his,cries for mercy hoard on the last day. " Do not then," the preacher said, '■ turn your back on the cry of chanty, and you will have tho sweet consolation of knowing that tho blessed Lord will not turn his back on you when you cry for mercy." It did not nutter how small the contribution was. So-long a.- it was given with a good intention the Lord took notice of it. If they desired to be looked upon :: • worth}' followers of their worthy Master/ they must attend to the cry for charity, they must relieve the poor.and mitigate poverty. Tho Lord provided that those who were more blessed with the p. kiJs of this world should out of their abundance jive something to tho poor. They should think of the terrible, results which will follow on culpable negligence in this respect. So long as they refused t > give unto tho poor, so long do they refuse to give uuto tho Lord. " He wlio giveth unto the poor Iondeth unto tho Lord," and lie shall be repaid 0110 hundreth fold. The spiritual rewards which God held out to them should be always im pressed on their minds. The preacher then enu merated the promises God had made to those who' follow his example of charity. The revorend doctor concluded an effective discourse by remind ing his congregation that, in former years St. Kalian's had always taken a prominent position in the list of contributions, and that no doubt the Catholics would again bo to. tho front, and place St Kilian's at the head of the subscribing churches. Ve.-per.-i were celebrated in the evening, when tho Hev. Father O'Connell preached. At the four fcervices the collections amounted to £76 13s., in cluding a donation of £2 from the Bishop of •Sandhurst. Over £20 was collected at one of the early morning services. In addition i'20 is ex pected from tuo country churches, tho collections ii ■», having been received at the Palaco last even ing. ... ■ Tho services at St. Andrew's Church were con ducted yesterday morning by the Rev. Dr. Nish, who preached an admirable sermon from Proverbs 11th chap., 31 verse—"Ho that oppresseth tho poor, ■ •iipresseth his Maker; but ho that honoreth Him, ii I'll mercy on tho poor." The lessons for tho day v. ere chiefly drawn from tho last-clause of the verse, and in his opening remarks tho preacher a-ked if there was no-limitation to the principle set forth. Was all mercy to the poor an honoring of the Lord"! Many gave to the poor simply from impulsive tenderness of heart, and without any t:i night of tlvc Lord. The text' told what is. and. must lia tho main spring of tho believer's action, '' lie that honoreth Him hath mercy on tho poor." J; did not say, " He that hath mercy on tho poor li-moteth the Lord." Tho motive is what is to be judged. Of those who are merciful to the poor without the inspiring principle of the text, it may he said, "such virtue brings its own roward, the ■J'%0. of all tliiugs owes them. no regard." Christians had tho noblest and highest induce ment for regarding the poor. ; Christ set an (■sample by journeying from city "to. , city ne.uing tile ^ sick and succoring "the needy, and if Christians did not maintain a high,stan dard in this matter, sceptics might well ask what was tho value of their Christianity '! " Pure re ligion and undefiled befor® God and the father is tiiis: To visit the fatherless and widows in their aiilietion, and keep himself unspotted from tho world." Xf the emotions of tho unregenerate heart impelled to acts of liberaliy, how much more Sii'mid bn theliborality of tho followers of Christ, duller selfishness, apathy, nor ingratitude should restrain the helping lfand of tho Christian, for ca.uity sufforeth long and-is kind. Having re ceived freely from the Lord they should freely give. It was part of their'stewardship to be mer ciful to the poor, to take up a foremost place in every enterprise of truo benevolence. But the giving should bo regulated with prudoncc and dis cretion, merely giving from impulse seldom came to good. Giving money to "unknown vag rants was to be deprecated. Benevolence Mould be guided into proper channels. The least oe .emu;* were tho most clamorous for' aid. In t.ie evening tho Rev. Dr. More or officiated, founding a well-reasoned discourse on the words contained in Ue oStli chapter, 13 and 14tli verses of Isaiah— . If thou turn away thy foot from the Sabbath' from doing thy pleasure on my holy day, and call tlij Sabbath a delight, tho holy of the Lord lion'or " a"d slialt honor him, not . doing tame own , ways, nor finding thine .own p-ea-ures, nor speaking thine own words,. V'™ snalt thou delight thyself in tho: Lord, and will cause thoe.to rido upon the'higher places, of \ ,and feed thee with-the lieritago of ■lacK.i." Xhe preacher pointed "out , that: the ja-iguago of the text showed that God wouldnot satisfied with a mere outward observance of his ordinances, even if a. pleasure was folt in do doing. j-e ,'P'e might take a speculative delight in tlieo '"r1, 'l.ucstions..' They might not . only obsorve the lites of religion, and do things which they might oonsider as-more- than required -of-them, j>ue!i as fastings nnd afflcting them8olv.es,. but in tne sight.of God that, was sin. Unless-there W-'Vi '?a to God, thelovo which was the fulfilling "i t.i-j.law as the moving power in the observance ■>t religion sin,,would lio at their door. The col-, J--'tio.i:i for the day amounted to £33. in the morning, at the Congregational Church, forest-street, tho Rev.. AV. T. Price preached from "le chapter, 27th and 28th verses, ; '':lt tliey should seek the Lord, if happily they' w:ghs feel after Him,'and find Him, though ho be !!."j l*roni every,.one of us; for in Him wo live ana move, and have our being; .as certain also of your own poets have said ; for we aro also his off .-I'.-ing-.' In tho evening the rev. gentleman Ij'^^-'ed from St. -Matthew, 11th chapter, 28th, \--u and 30th verses, " Come unto mo all ye that' ' i-'->r ami "are heavy laden, and I will givo you f0't'T 1'ake my yoke upon you, and learn of me ;' • or I am meek and lowly in heart, and ye shall Imd rest unto your souls; for my yoke is easy, and ",v burden is light." There were large congrega tions at both services. The amount collected for the dav was fill n< fid. • At the Wesleyan Church, Golden-square, the Rev. A. Powell preached an impressive sermon yesterday morning from Hebrews 4th chapter 16th verse—"Let us therefore come boldly unto the thronc of grace, that we may obtain mercy and find grace and help in time of need." The evening service was conducted by Mr. A. Harkncss, who preached from Acts 3rd chapter and 26th verse— "Unto you first God having raised up his son Jesus sent him to bless you in turning away every one o you from his iniquities.: The collections amounted to £9 9s. 1½d, and from the Sunday- school, £l 19s. 3d. Mr. A. Harkness preached at the Wesleyan Church, Kangaroo Flat, yesterday morning. He selected as his text Acts 3rd chapter and 26th verse. In the evening Mr. Tredennick preached from St. John, 3rd chapter and 3rd verse—''Jesus answered and said unto him, verily, verily, I say unto thee, except a man be bon again, he cannot eenter the kingdom of God." The collections for the day were £3 13s. 11d. At the Wesleyan Church, Long Gully, Mr. V??? preached from Romans, 14th chapter, 17th verse, "For the kingdom of God is not eating and drinking, but righteousness and peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost." At the eening service Mr. Harri- son preached from Isaiah, 57th chapter, 19th verse \--"I create the fruit of the lips, Peace, peace to him that is far off, and to him that is near, saith tho Lord, and I will hear him." The total collec- tions amounted to £4 3s. 3d. At tho morning service in tho Wesleyan Church, White Iiills, Mr. W. Rowe preached, taking his text from 4th chap., 4th and 5tli verso's—" But When the fulness of the time- was como God sont forth his Son made of a woman, made under the law to redeem them that arc under, the law that we might receive tho adoption of-sons." The collec tion at tho morning service was £1 Is. 6d. At tho evoning service the sermon was preached "by tho samo gentleman, who selected his text from Matthew, lltli chap., 14th verso. The collection was 13s. , In the Wesleyan Churoh, Huntly, Mr. Wangh preached both morning and: evening. Tho collec tion at both services amounted to 183. 5 d. In tho Wesleyan Church, .Epsom, Mr. Trehair f' i -M-vice. and Mr. Stanloy preached at the morning — ' -'W.ted was in the evening. Tho total amount ijiu,,',. lrs,9ch Mr. Harrison conducted service in tile Wesleyan Churell, California. Gully, ydstorday ulorniug, eelocting as his text Isaiallj 67th chap, arid 19th verse-^"^ erfiatft. fclip fn(j,ts of the lips. Peace, peace to liim that is far oli, and to mill thitt is near, saith tho Lord, andl will heal him." In tho evening the Rev. J. H. Ingham preached from Mark, 11th chap, and 22nd verso—" Have faith in God." The total collection was £5Is. Sd. The Synagogue collection amounted to about £13, from twenty members of the Hebrew com- munity. The Rev. F. Leypoldt preached in the Lutheran Church last evening. The sermon was a very im- pressive one, and was attentively listened to by a large congregation. His text was from St. J0hn, 9th chap. and 4th verse—"I must work the works of Him, that sent me while it is day, the night cometh when no man can work." The collection was £15 11s. 6d. At the Church of England, Huntly, Mr. S. B. Collier preached in tho morning. Ho took liis text from Mark, chapter 10, verso 5—"And ontoring into tho sepulchre they saw a young man sitting on tho right sido clothed in a long white garment, and they were affrighted." Tho amount collected was £1. At tho Church of England, White Hills, Mr. Collier proachcd in the e vening from the same text. £117s. 9d. was collected. At the Bible Christian Church, Long Gully, tho Rev. Mr. Teague preached in the morning, and the Rev.- R. S. Alfrird in the ovening. Tho collec tions to hand from tho various Bible Christian Churches amount to £G 12s. lOd. Tho Rov. T. J. Cory officiated , at tho other ohurches in tho cir °UAt the Bible Christian Churcli, M'l£oiizio-streot, Mr. Fi Hall preached from Isaiah; 45th chapter and 22nd vers(3-^*<f Ii'oolt unto *no and bo yo saved, all tlio ends of tho cartli." In the^ evening Mr. Wm; 'Healy jjreached an eltfcjilelit serrtlon front II Cdriiithiaiis, 5th chapter and 1st verso—" For we know that if our oarthly house of this tabonlaolo wore dissolved wo have a building of God, An house not mado with hands, eternal in' tho heavens." The collections were small, tho.evening congregation bein^ greatly reduced, owing to tlio ringing of the fireboll. £1 19s. was the result morning and ovemn'g. AtthoBiblo Christian Church, California Gully, tho morning service was conducted by Mr. Heal)', who preached from the 18th chapter, arid 32nd verse of book of Genesis—" Poradventure, ten shall be' found therein ; and ho said I - will not de stroy it for tens' sake." The evening service was conducted by Mr. F. Hall; who preached from Daniel, 3rd chapter, 18th vorse. Tlio collection will be included "with the other Bible Christian churches. 1 ' ' , ' , * At tho Primitive Methodist Church, Wade street, Mr. T. M. Eggleatone preached in the morning, from John, 12th chapter, 20th and 21st verses. Mr. Waterson preached in the evening, ' from Phillipians, 1 st chapter and 21st verso. The collections were small, viz., morning 8s. Gd., and evening' ys. »,u. — Temperance Hall, Mr. At the Church of 1st chapter, W. W. Davey preached, from Jim.-,. 03 17th verso. The collection amounted to Collections at St. Luke's Sunday schools, White Hills and Huntly( and at tho Wosleyaii Suiiday School* Huntly, will bo taketl up next Sunday. Yesterday morning a box was placed iii tho hospital grounds, near the gate, and when openod the sum of £3 Is. 9d. was found in it; _ This sum was subscribed by persons visiting the institution during tho day. The Rev. W. Matthew conducted service both morning and evening in the Presbyterian Church, Golden-square. In the morning his text was Pro verbs, 30th chapter, 8th verse—' Remove far from me vanity and lies, give mo neither poverty or riches, feed mo with food convenient for me." His evening's discourse Was based on Genesis, 9th chapter, and 14th verse—"And it shall come to pass when I bring a cloud over the earth that the bow shall be seen in tho cloud." Tho collections amounted to £2 los. The Sunday school scholars subscribed 17s. The Rev. Wi Matthew preached ill tho af tornooli in tho Presbyterian Church, Kangaroo Flat; to a fairly large congregation. Tho collection was £1 OS. At Chalmers' Presbyterian Church the Rev. T. E.'Ick officiated both morning and evening. His text in tho morning was—1st Peter, 2nd chapter, 17tli verse, " Honor all men. Love the brother hood. Fear God. Honor the King." _ In the evening the text was—2nd Timothy, 16th, 17th, and 18tli verses, " The Lord grant mercy unto the house of Onesiphorus; for I10 oft refreshed me, and was not ashamed of my chain; but when ho was in Rome he sought me diligently and found me (the Lord grant unto him to find mercy of the Lord in that day); and in how many things lie ministered at Ephesus thou knowest vory well." The morning collections wore £17 0s. Id., and tho evening £'8 lGs. 3d.; total, £25 10s. 4d. At St. John's Presbyterian Church, Rowan street, Mr. Featonby preached in tho morning from Revelations', 7th chapter, 9th and 10th •verses. Tho Rev. R. Lowers officiated in tho • evening, taking his text from Mark, 10th chapter and 17th verso, " Good mastor, what shall I do to inherit oternal life?" The collections amounted to £7. At the Calvin-street Church yesterday morning Mr, Yeatcs officiated, selecting his text from Genesis, iv chapter, and 14th verse—" But think on me when it shail be well with thee, and show kindness I pray thee unto me. Malco mention of mo unto I'haroah, and bring mo out of this house." The same gentlemen officiated at Ironbark in tho evening, preaching from Acts, ix chapter, and 4th verse—''Saul, Saul, why persecutest thou ino?" from which ho delivered an eloquent discourso. In the evening the ltev. J. Ross preached in the Calvin- street Eree Methodist Church to a largo and deeply affected congregation, tho occasion being'a funeral sermon relative to the deatli of tho late Mrs,. Griffiths. The preacher selected his text from Deuteronomy, iv chapter, and 22nd verse— " I must die in tho laud.'' Ho divided his dis course a3 follows:—lst._Tl:.o bounds which are fixed to man's life in this world. 2nd. Men are often called to die in the midst of their labor. 3rd., Men are often called to die with tho brightost earthly prospects' before thein. 4th. The prepara tion required. Tho Rev. J., .Ross preached in the Ironbark ..Church in tho morning, selecting his text from Job, Oth chapter, 14th verso—"To him that is afflicted pity should be shown from his friends." •An impressive sermon was delivered, tho preacher pointing out tho demands of charity and forcibly, dwelling on tho fact that it is tho duty of those who are in health and strength to help tho poor and adlicted. The collections amounted to— Calvin-strcet, £3 0s. Sd.; '.Ironbark, £1 10s. 4d.; making a total of £4 lis. In! the morning at the Primitive Methodist .Church the Rev. Mr. Smith preached from Matthew, 25th chapter, 15th verse. In the evening at the same church Mr. A. Stubbs took for his text Matthew, 25th chapter, from the 40th to the 4Gth verses. The collection for the day was £2 18s. 9d. At tho Uuekley-sfcreoi Clmrch tho collection for tho day was 14s. 3d. A collection will bo mado in St. Paul's Sunday School next Sunday afternoon in aid of the local .charitics. At tho Strathfieldsaye English Church tho col lection will ho mado on the 29th instant. Hereunder is a comparative statement for tho post two yoars:— .-■• Sandhurst— 1S81 ' 1SS2 ; ' '•■' £ s. d. 1 £'s. d. Collections in Reserve...: 112 15 .6.J ... 112 15 O.J St. Andrew's ... 44 1 "6 ... 33 0 0. All Saints' ... 19 15 9 deferred. • St. Kilion's :• 70 8. 3 .»;• TO 13 '0' - St. Paul's- .-W ' ... ... 42 ' 5 ' 3 ...- 35 6-1 6 Congregational ... '....14 6 ^5 .... 11 0:'G Wesloyan, Forest-'street' 15' 4-'3' 22 7.10 P.Methodist,Rowan-at. 212 1: 2 18 ' 0 Baptist-:-:... • 0 14 : 3 Tonip'oranco Hall 3 13 1> ;.. 3 6 0 .Lutheran Church ;... 15 "5. 3 ... '15.11 6 Hebrew Congregation... 16. 0 '0 -.'.I 13 :0"0 St.'John's (Presbyterian) 6 -7 7?'.:.; 70-0 Chalmers' ... . ... -21 7 % 25-16 4 GotnKf-SQftiJiE— - !i ■'■■> Wesloyan Church ... 11 3 9 - ... 9 9 1J Presbyterian ... ... ' deferred ■ 1 12 0 St. Marks Ch.'England - 2 ' 0 0 - uo collec'n Kangaboo.Elat—., .t -•;! • St. Mary's Ch; England> '-3i 14. 3 .r.". •• — Wesleyan 4 5 0 ... 2 13 11 Presbyterian""~7 , , . .'1 '5_'0' LoxgGui.lv— '/■. '/< St Matthew's.;... '... 1 10, 0'-.T. " , — . • Wesleyan, ... 6 , 7.'10. v.\' j 4. .3 *3 California Gully— Wesloyai ... - ' 4 13''5 • i;.' 5 1 S St Luke's Ch. England '1-17 9 Wesloyan ... • 1- 3.3,..v 1 14. .6 MISCELLANEOUS— I Bible ! Christians—Long , -' Oily, California Glly, . \ ,, ' aiici M'Kenzie-street 8 0.0 ... 6 12 10 Ch. of England, Strath'-. fieldsayo ... . ... deforred .deferred Wesleyan— Ktrattitieldsayo ... ...- 1 11 ' 0; ... — Specimen Hill 0 9 .0 .... ..; — \ankee Creek - 15 10 Jluntly .... 18 5j Kpsom ... rr . ],■■■. .. 7 ..0 Hospital collcction box... . -.* ... 3 19 Chinese Ch. of England •• t-.- f 15 9 t'r.ia-: Methodist— . Calvin-slrcet — ... 3 0 8 Jronbark ... ■ —• ■... 110 4 Wade-street ...• ... ■ — . ... IS 1 Sl'XIMY-SCHOOUS— Wesleyan, Golden-sqr. — ... 1 19 3 Totals ... ■ £-1-13 11^ .'.'.'£-100 S 1J Vaccination from tho calf will bo performed on Mondays and Thursdays at two p.m. at Dr. Pen fold's surgery, View Place.—[Advt]. The people of Sandhurst have done a noble duty, and done it well. In anticipation of Hospital Sunday, a'polite request was made that our citi zens would rally (not to the front), but to the in sitlii or tiu: M:.v:iivo Stores, and inakr their pin chases there. An extraordinary business resulted, which forces us to the conclusion that money is by no means 'scarce in tho Bendigo district at present.—Advt. ■ . . 