? ? ? {FEOH OCR OWN CORECKPONDEST.1 Notwithstanding counter aLaltfons 8 'of various kmds. including the one uf a grand intercolonial cricket match on „ l l M C e , of ^torsattheCaulfiJd «^^ ? r S^ W a l t e r D o o n - Tbi ° picturesque r ^ l t dmir »Wy situated as lor holiday-makers, apart from its attrac- V t h wil,cil,fc raaynow be reached by y ' u Qr T 8 aa additional inducement to ^ enjoyment, to make chtr.ee of it is a place of^de^nsu n £ J e^Ieel ent "Moment of Mr R. u. liond, the club's active and energetic secre^ry, a capital programme of seven meeting proved highly successful. His Ercellency 5 t h ^ z r place's b Ii Dhcrringdi, 6 nit 101b (King) ^ Griawood'a b (T P. G; 6 yrs, Itet 81b (M'luues) .. .. 3 The following also started—Red Rover, Bisiliek, Pilgrim, First Knave, Cavalier,' Cruiser, Maid of Idle Vale. Lady Hampden was the favorite at 2 to 1,* with very little betting about the others. Pilgrim led over the first few jumps, and! got several lengths ahead, which advantage he maintained for nearly the first three quarters "of a mile. On nearing the grand stand Basilisk fell at a hurdle, and also brought to grief the Maid of the Vale, who rolled ever him. Ijjtti jockeys were soon on their legs again, but by the time they had remounted they had lost all chance of being placed at the front. Pilgrim was still proceeding well, when he fell at the back of the coursc, and Lady Hampden went up, passed her horses, and won cleverly by two lengths. Time, 3 min. 32 sac. A protest was entered against the winner for crossing, but afterwards considered and dismissed. CURISTJTAS HANDICAP—OF 5 sovs each, with 209 added. One mile and a quarter and a' distance. SirT. Elddr'idihJJiron Von Mueller. Svrs, 7st 91b (Crirtndl) .. .. t [r J. Lecfc'a b c Colstoua, 8 JTJ, Sst lllb | (Robixisoa) < Mr S. C. Cook's b c Anglesey, S JTS. 6stl3lb (Stuniterfi) 3 The other starters were Coriolanus, Sunset,; Pollio, Paul, Beadsman, Balthazar, Declaration, and Adventurer. in 'Betting—7 to 4 agst Colstons, 5 to 2 agst the Baron, 4 to 1 a^sfc Paul. All got away well together, Paul being the fi/st to show clearly in front. He kept the leading command till near the turn into the straight, when he fell back and gave way to the Biron, and Colstoun, who came to the front with a great rush, with Anglesey close upon their haunches, the two first making a ead heat. Time, 2 min. 33 sec. OrEN STEEPLECHASE.—A sweepstakes of 5 sovs cach, with 100 sovs added. About two miles and a half. Mr R. Jones' br p Bryan OXj-im, age4, 9at 131b (Corngan) 1 Mr S. Shrimphm's <& g The Bank, aged, lOst Sib (Goojtb) 2 Mr T. Jo.iea* g g Abdullah, aged, TOjt Tib (Batty) 3 The following also started:—Collingwood, Blackthorn, Fish, Breechloader, Premier, Squire, Ascot, and'Hands Down. Betting—5 to 2 agst Bryan O'Lynn, 3 to 1 Collingwood, 5 to I AbdaUah. \- This proved a very eventful race, the only horse which came in at the finish besides the three placed being Fish. At the very first fence Blackthorn came' down, -and at the next Premier tumbled over and brought Collingwood down with him. Breechloader also came to grief soon afterwards, and once agaia before the race was over, his jockey (Keating)" pluckily remounting cach time. Later on Squire and Ascot also fel^ Hands Down meeting with a similar mishap.' There was a good finish between Biyair and The Hawk, the former winning by a bare half length. Time, S min. 47 sec. Tw _SEUXN'G EaCE Of 100 sovs. The winner to be sold for 200 60vs. the Colts, Sst; fillies, Sst lllb—71b allowed for reduction of £40 in price; Four furlongs. Tta Rob. L. L Smith's b f Amelia Vienna (Kilbv) .. 1 Mr J- Harper's b f Frou Fron (Cracknel!) .. 2 A- DmSag'e b c Elato (Swallow) S After a very bad and straggling start, at which Breeze was left at the poet, Frou Frou took the lead, and cot out the running until the turn into the straight, when Amelia went up, and won by a couple of lengths. Time, 52 sec. The winner was sold to Mr E. Weeks for 63 guineas. Malvern HANDICAP — A sweepstakes of 3 eovs. each, with 100 sovs. added Six furlongs, Mr A. Pfiqafe b g Squireen (Murphy) Mr E. Wer-ts*b e Transferred (Bttrtoo) .. MrC. B-RsherS b b Idhengn The following also started:—Bagot, Haidee of the Hills, Chevy Chase, Calm, Sinking Fond, Robert the Devil, Black Diamond, and Her Majesty. Squireen got the lead at the start, and was never caught, winning easily by a couple of lengths. Time, 1 min ISsec. CUKISTJIAS HANDICAP.—The run off between Biron yon Mueller and Colstoun was m SELLrsc RArE_Of 100 sovs. The winner to be so.d for 150 sovs. For three years old and upw^ds. Weight for age; 7 lb allowed for every £25 reduction in price t- ive furlongs. Mr K. Week's r h Ghnst, 3 yrs (Musgrovt) .. 1 \- HITR Kmaka, A JTJ (P.MT : : ;; | h 11 4 The foUowmg also started:—Robert the Uevil, The Drone, Songster, Plant, and Queen Elisabeth. Betting—5 to 4 agst Ghost, 3 to I to 4 to lagst any other. Kanaka got a clear iead at the Sta rt and made the running for more than halt of the distance, the others keeping well together. At the finish The Ghost went to the, front, and came iuany easy winner by four lengths. Time, 1 HUB, 5 sec. The winner was bought in for £100. THE JUVENILE STAKES.—A sweepstakes of 5 sovseach, with 200 sovs added. For twoyear-olds. Colis, Sst; fillies,Sst 41b. The second horse to receive 25 sovs and the third 10 sovs from the stakes. Five furlongs. Mr|. " - l Sir T. Eliltr's ch f Monsoon ( _The other starters were — Anagram, Jnpid, Signor, Wahgunyah, The King's Son, Maudie, Miss Glorious, ana Little Sister. Betting—5 to 4On Duenoa, 4to lagst Sigoor, 6 to 1 agst Monsoon. After a rather indiffierent start, owing to tie fractiousness of some of the youngsters, Signor and Duenna led off side by side, with Anagram and Ike in the next rank. At half the distance, Signor, .who had gained a slight advantage before reaching that point, fell back, and Duenna ran op on the inside, beating Ike by about a length', with Moneoon a good third. Time, 1 inin. 5 sec. HCRDLE RACE.—A sweepstake of 3 sovs each, with 100 BOVS added. One mile and three- quarters. Mr T. u-iiaon's b m lady Hampden, G yrs, lost tibfCGrngEn) . . . . 1 t won by the latter, who after a severe contest came in first by about three -qusrters of a length. This brought * ray cajHtal afternoon's 