THE ELECTRIC LIGHT at the REDFERN RAILWAY STATION. Every effort made in the colony to keep pace with the older communities of the world in those modern inventions improvements, and adaptations which add to the convenience and comfort of the populace, and individuals should meet with hearty encouragement, and no little interest should be felt in their being successfully introduced and carried out in our midst. The spirit of progress which has marked the advance of our public institutions, commerce, and in I deed bus been of lato years u characteristic of ill I tho various departments which make up the busi nes and social life of our coloni, is well marked bx the present determination of the Government to | use thp electric light in connection with the public I depots and buildings of tin city It is comparatively a te* I years smco tho electric light, us a geneial illuminating power, was the subject of von marked scepticism, anail wus not till it had been shown beyond doubt, in Amena and on the Continent, that it could be-and most success fully so-utilized as a means of illumination far superior to gas or oil, that this want of confidence was overcome At tho present time tho electric light is used in nearly all th( principal cities of the world, and nearly every month lu powor and quality aro bemg improved through the ex. i per once gained bj those who have to superintend its pro- duction and use One of the great difficulties which bare yet to he completely conquered is the production, with ordinary care, and under eircuiiibtuncca involving ne extraordinary outlav, of full and enuublo light, ono combm mg all the brilliancy ofthat from olectncity with the steadi ness of the light given by ordinary gas There is no illu- minating power so susceptible to the least possible vanahon of current as that produced bj electricity, f he most murat« increase or decrease of force is registered bj a correspoooW fluctuation of the light, mid since tho electric current ii 1 generated from the fnctional pow er produced bv therevolu I tion of machinery by stcum pressure, every unequal motion of the pirts of that machinorv affoets the hgbt This hat I boen tho great diiiiculty which Mr Cracknell, Supenn | tendí nt of Llectnc telegraphs, and his staff of assistants, bus hid to contend against smco tho electric light hit j been introduced at tho Redfern Railway Station I and it accounts for the varying mtensitv of tit illumination which has been so generally noticed by tho« visiting tho station lo lesson, or, if possible, to entirely do aw iv with this fluctuation, has oecu the object of the j time und attention bo towed upon this matter bj the gentle' m in mimed and his assistants, and their efforts have bees 1 bo tai successful that the defect reftircd to has been tot t,ii>at extent lemedied Whin it is borne in mind, as vu have remarked, that tho electric light is most suscep , tibie to xuriation of force, und when wo ohtte tbut the . force is produced m this case by an ordinary port- able ongmo, tba fluctuation in tho light becomes almost a matta oí necessitv It will only be I with the more eusv working of the bolts and portion! | of the machinery-which i a bo secured bv experienot of defects and shortcomings, and the consequent remedying and adjustment of them by those superintending the work that the desired equality of light can be secured. The steam-engine used to work the machinery is a Marshall's portable of 12-horse power, which drives three of Weston's dynamo-electric generators. Each of those generators is capable of working five "arc" electric lamps. At present two of the generators supply ten lamps with "arc" lights and the remaining one supplies twenty-two of Swan's incandescent lamps. These ten "arc" lights are distributed as follows, three at each platform of arrival and departure inside the station, one at each end of the station in the centre of the arch, and one on either side in the verandah for arrival and departure. The lights which are each at least of 2000 candle power, are toned down by thick opal glass globes. It is a common error to suppose that all electric light is of a ghastly blue colour, very suggestive of the blue fire that heralds the arrival of the ghost in a Richardson's show. This is not the case with the Weston light but it is, on the contrary, of an intense white. Another prejudice against the light and one especially urged by ladies, is that in some cases it destroys colour, and in other cases - that of rouge on the cheek, for example-exposes it "most awkwardly " and consequently an electric light at a ballroom would be a very "skeleton at a feast." In the case of the light produced at the Redfern Station such is not the case, the most delicate colour being distinguishable, and the tones and lines of a picture being seen with it almost as distinctly und purely as by daylight. A short description of the means by which the light is produced may not be out of place. Each lamp is connected with one or other of the generators referred to by a wire. The wire being connected with the lamp, which is in height about two feet and a half, the electric current passes along it to the upper or " positive " carbon, through electro-magnet coils, which serve to regulate the distance of separation between this carbon and the lower one. The resistance offered to the current passing from the upper carbon to the lower, through this place of separation, creates an intense white light known as the "arc" light in contra-distinction to the incandescent light which is produced by a continuous conductor of very great resistance at the points where the carbons come in contact. In other words the "arc" light in distinction to the incandescent light is produced by the separation of the carbon points, immediately after the current has been established through the momentary contact of the two points. Any one of these lamps can be cut out of circuit without interfering with any other or any one of them can be renewed with fresh carbon without at all interfering with its follows. As the lamps and all the apparatus connected with them - imported for the Government by Mr H H Kingsbury, agent for the Weston electric lamp-had never been worked before being set up at the Redfern station, there was no little difficulty in getting them into order, but, by experience and experiment, no doubt they will very speedily be brought into perfect condition, and will prove, it is to be hoped, the complete success have they have proved elsewhere. Last evening Mr Goodchap. Commissioner of Railways, and a number of other gentlemen were, under the superintendence of Mr Cracknell shown the machinery in conection with the production of the light, and every courtesy was displayed to the visitor in explaining the many intricacies necessarily associated with the work and apparatus. 