LIVING OR DEAD. By "Atha." BOOK II.— NEW ZEALAND. Chapter IV. — The Bivouac. The Forest Rangers were a local corps, and commanded by Major Von .Tempsky, a Hungarian. Daring the crisis which threatened New Zealand with murder and rapine by the rebels, there had been raised half a dozen volunteer regiments in the sister colonies, who were despatched to the scene of action. The pick of theBe volunteers was embodied As the Forest Rangers, who were known and acknowledged by General Cameron «b the best bush fighters under his command. Their leader, Von Tempsky, held a high reputation as the most daring and intrepid officer in the colonial -service. Indeed, the hold Hungarian was a great favourite with the general and his staff, and had things pretty welt his own way when not actually- engaged with the enemy. It will easily be surmised that the commander of the Rangers was beloved by his men. Oncefat the storming of the' Gate Pah Von Tempsky led his men right through the massed ranks of the rebel host into the stronghold, where he and his regiment would undoubtedly baveheen slain to -a man-hut for the coolness and oourage displayed by a corporal of the 6— th Imperial tof an try who had been temporarily attached to the corps in consequence of its paucity of officers. Major Von Tempsky had acted without orders, and, although severely . grounded, he was placed under arrest ; but the Rangerarose en masse and demanded his release, which the general wisely granted. The major was The proprietors of "The Weekiv Tm" purchased the right of publishing this story in Vic toria. grateful to the man -whose bravery had extricated his corps from imminent peril, when he himself was down, covered with wounds. Through the advice of the Com mander of the Forces, Corporal Ormond (for it was none other than, our old friend) was transferred from the 6— th Light Infantry to the command of a company in the Rangere, with the brevet rank of captain, in considera tion of his valiant services, - The stride ' from out the ranks into a- position of responsibility and command is a trying ordeal, no doubt, but the term 'captain' appeared to fit Philip Ormond as easily as ' major sat upon Von Tempsky. They were both gentlemen And soldiers, and there is no open sesame to the heart of a brave man like the exhibition of nerve and pluck. Though the ForeBt Rangers were a crack corps, it welcomed their new comrade with open arms, And none with more Watmth than Von Tempsky. It was night ere Claude Fanshawe reached the camp of General Cameron on the Patea. Night, and all its attendant hosts of stars shine down on crag and peak, thickly clothed' with giant kauri pines. Below, on the sloping sides of the" valley, the watch-fires of the bivouac gleam, disclosing the bell tents of- the Imperial troops, whose sides ripple and quiver with the wind like sheeted ghosts. Farther up on the hillside, the brown mia-mias iff the Rangers can be discerned in a line, with A gigantic fire of pine logs' in front, and a circle of tall, swarthy fellows round it, talking, laughing, and smoking. In rear, the officers were assembled at mess beneath an old picnic tent minus the sides. Two broad, rough boards, placed upon a eouple of empty casks, formed a table, with shot boxeB in lieu of chairs, and an assort ment of stray knives and forks, which had been collected in divers and sundry places all over the island. The deficiency of plate and all the little etceteras which form vthe tout ensemble of a dinner table ft fit mbde were amply f compensated for by the merry faces gathered together at the Rangers' mess. True, they conld only muster one decanter and a pair of wine glasses after a 'prolonged and determined attack on roast pig, wild duck, and some of the largest schnapper ever hooked out of the Patea — but there was no lack of good liquor before them — and it is fieedless to say they were very merry and very noisy. ' May I ask who is the officer in command here ?' cried Claude Fanshawe advancing upon the astonished gathering,- with mock solemnity in his tones. Before the answer could be spohefi, he was seized by a dozen pair of hands and pulled to wards the table. Take a seat, Fanshawe. Welcome back, dear boy. How's did Madame Vipoint ana her fat daughters? 'Brent and Peyton of ours— Lieutenant Fanshawe of the 8— th. I say, Barton, stop that row and pass a plate. Where's the adjutant? Ah, there you are ! Be kind enough to call Tozer with the prog.' Fanshawe took his seat at the table as Tozer entered with the hind- quarter of a young porker on the cover of a camp pot. ' Only just arrived, major ; delighted to be with yon again. Pray pass that suspicious- looking bottle at your elbow, Ormond? Thank you.' While questions were being poured fast and thick upon the head of the new comer, Von Tempsky's servant spread a corner of the cloth, uncorked -several bottles, which he placed upon the table," then retired. 4 Ah, mon elver , nothing like camp life to give one an appetite,' said the major. ' There's Huxley who turned up his nose at a carbonado- with olives, venison stewed in Burgundy, and a bowl of bishop, only last week at Muegrove's. Parbleu I . my mouth waters, and I'm only in harness six short days.' A tall, , dark man, Major Von Tempsky, over six feet high ; his skin bronzed a dusky red by exposure to all weathers. His uniform, which was a fac simile of tbat worn ; by his brother officers and men, consisted of a blue serge jumper, tucked into a pair of pants seamed with scarlet, and encompassed at the waist by a broad leathern belt, from which gleamed the polished barrel of a revolver, in company with a formidable knife. A pair ot long boots, reaching above the knee, ja heavy rapier, and a ronnd black felt hat, adorned with a pelew feather, completed the Cbstume of one who will long be "re'mhUihered in the annals of New Zealand warfare, " On Von Tempsky's right sat Colonel Harry Smyfche, of the 6 — th Light Infantry, a brave old o(ficer, who had been through the j Crimea and Indian Mutiny. He had no less ! than five orders- glittering ; on the breast of his tunic. On: the other ride of the table the | younger subs, were gathered together round a smoking kettle of punch. " What is the latest news from the city, Fanshawe 4 Oh, "the good people of Auckland have it that the Rangers have been defeated--cut to pieces. in fact, while' landing— and that the general is a prisoner in the hands of Tupo. Another slice, major 1 Thank you.' 4 The 41 boys" are too tough to be easily carved,' replied Captain Atherton, laughing. ' Hallo ! what, the deuce is that?' The exclamation was caused bytheun- expected appearance of a bullock belonging to the baggage tram, who walked majestically uhder the tent, and took a critical survey of the assembly. 'A glass of wine, your highness?' cried Huxley, rising from his seat, glass in hand, and approaching, but the beast taking fright, wheeled suddenly round, threw up its hind legs, and sent the glass and its contents all over the table. A roar of laughter followed, in which Huxley heartily joined. 4 This incident, gentleman, reminds me of a good joke which occurred on the Waikato River, at the commencement of the war,' saidhe. A story! a story !' cried a chorus of voices. - 4 Well, thank goodness, it's not a very long one,' answered Huxley, easing his waist-belt. Push the wine this way ; my friend Sheldon always keeps it lingering beside him.' 'Be it known, then, in the annals of colonial history,, that some time ago, ere we were joined by our friends of the Imperial service, , three companies, termed, the " Auckland Fencibles," were organised in that eity for duty in the field. This gallant force consisted mostly of raw lads from desk and counter, and placed under the command of one Peter Brady, a master baker. Peter had served to the North Cork Militia at home, hence his claim to the colonelcy of the Fencibles, who, 1 may remark en passant, were the seediest-looking devils you ever beheld outside a musket. Peter never let them alone ; morning, noon, and night, he had them out, polishing, drilling, marching and counter- marching, but somehow they couldn't manage to get beyond the balance step. At this stage they were supplied with rifles, and ordered to the Queen's Redoubt, to relieve part of the 14th, who were to advanee on Rangarihi. The Fencibles took -possession of the post, made themselves com fortable in the tents of the Buffers, stationed sentries round the eamp, and retired to re pose. In the middle of the night, however, there was heard a great sound, as of the tramp ing of an army from the left of the position, and where some tents stood unocchpied cords were snapped, canvas rent, poles broken, and the nearest sentry — who had pro bably been dozing— fired his musket, and roused the camp. ' 44 Ho, men, up ! Quick ! turn out, turn out I the Maoris arc upon us!" now rang out on every hand. ' The men, suddenly roused out of a deep steep, rolled over each other in the confasion and the -darkness, and made disorder and tumult worse confounded by each striving for the doors of the tents at the same moment. At the first crack of the rifle, Peter Brady was on his legs, and rushed forth with his naked sarbe, and formed the men as they appeared. . 4 " Steady, boys ! Let yez be steady,'! he cried. 44 Form up, shoulder to shoulder, as did yer forefathers at Waterloo. Silence, there 1 Be me sowl, I'll clave the first man to the stomach that's after disobeying the word o' command ! Now, men, attention ! Fix bayonets! . Yonder comes the inimy. Follow me, an' the divel take the hindmost.". With this brief and characteristic speech, Colonel Brady iled the Feneibles to the attack ; but the gallant commander had not advanced twenty paces before he was met full butt by a long-horned bullock, and placed Ivors de combat . And, truth to state, poor Peter soon discovered that the foes he- had to encounter were only a team of bullocks, who, having found their way out of a stockyard adjacent, had got amongst the empty tents and caused the mischief.' ' Bravo, Huxley I They say that Brady is a cousin of yours.' 4 True enough, major.' By the way, wasn't it your famous relative who played the joke upon a bailiff some two years ago at Auckland ?' The same man,' Pray relate the case,' said Von Tempsky. 'Old Jones, the ironmonger, of Shutland Crescent — Brady's neighbour — was very fond of going to law,' commenced Huxley. ' One day there was a collision between Brady's cart and Jones's van, in Queen street ; the van was smashed, and the ironmonger,- as usual, took the affair into court. He lost the case, but, not being satisfied, had the matter re- opened- at another tribunal, who found Peter guilty, and mulcted him. in fifty pounds. Brady swore he would never pay a farthing of the money ; so his enemy issued mi execu tion, Peter heard of this, and closed his house and his shop, so that a mouse would have found it difficult ' to gain admission, much more a bailiff. Well, Peter had been "some days alone in his den, when one, morn ing a spring van was driven up to . the door, containing a large case. ' 44 What's that ?" cried Peter from the window. ' " A box of things from your honour's brother, Mr. . Toole Brady of Parnell," answers the driver. 4 41 All right," and Peter opens the door. The .case is deposited on the floor of the front room, but my unsuspecting relative no sooner opened it than up rose Alec Cuff, the town bailiff, like a Jack-in-the-box. 4 44 How d'ye do, Mr. Brady?" says he, drawing a long breath, like a man who had been undergoing the pains of suffcoa- tion. "Phew! it's a mighty close place, that. If yoii please, I'll take possession here, or a cheque for fifty pounds, which you like." '"Go to the devil I" cried Peter! in a ter- rible passion; but the bailiff, not caring for so long a journey, quietly settled himself in Brady V arm-chair, drew forth his pipe, and made himself comfortable. 'Poor Peter retired to an inner room, growling fike a savage, but made his appear ance in less than half ah hour, smiling like a broker who had just netted a " thou." x ' " I'm going out for a short time," "said he to the bailiff. " There's liquor in that cup board. Make yourself aisy; yon're welcome." ' Cuff was fond of whiskey, and Peter prided himself on his potheen. "When the baker returned, which he did in the course of the day, accompanied by two rough-looking fellows and a stout, fussy individual dressed in black, the bailiff was more than half-seas over, and was on the point of trying the first act of 44 Roger de Coverley." '"There's your man," cried Peter, in feigned alarm. " That's him, boys ; mind he doesn't escape." 4 In an instant the two fellows pounced upon the unfortunate Cuff, threw him to the ground, and began to bind his limbs with a rope. The poor bailiff, roused to anger by such unjust proceedings, swore and raved at his assailants in such a dreadful manner that the fussy man held up his hands and pronounced .it the most absolute case of dangerous insanity he had ever seen in the whole coarse of his experience. ' To be brief, gentlemen, Peter Brady had conceived the idea of having the bailiff "taken off to a private lunatic asylum, which he carried out to the letter. At the end of a week, Alec Cuff came forth with his head as bpld as an eggshell, and was the laughing stock of the whole city. But he made Peter Brady pay dearly for his joke.' Chapter V. Night over all things. The round, full moon and the silent stars looking serenely down upon the encampment and the watchful sentries upon their posts. Sleep has fallen on the gay party of the mess table. Here stalwart forms lie slumbering peacefully, with no roof over them save the vault of heaven, and no other couch but the sod. The drowsy god has stretched forth" his wand, and lo! silence reigns supreme, except where two forms are seated by the embers of the watch- fire talking. Old Father Time has altered the personal appearance of Claude Fanshawe, lieutenant in H.M. 6 — th Light Infantry. Those who had known him on that winter night at Maythorpe five years ago would fail to recognise him in the robust, bearded soldier, with the steady eye and resolute face, who had won his way to rank at the point of the bayonet. Changed is he both in person and in voice. Three years ago he landed but a sergeant, . and to-day he stands second on the list for the command of a company. Honoured by the veteran Desbrough, liked by his brother- officers, and popular to a degree with the men of his corps, the whilom outcast had indeed kept his word, and proved himself worthy of the name he had adopted— that name was his dead mother's, and ever since he had as sumed it, what memories had come to him of the deep devotion, the tender care, and the loving sacrifices of that gentle parent. Not a noble thought, not a generous act, nay, nor the daring which led upwards step by step to fame, but had its birth in the recollection of that dear spirit, which had drooped and vanished at his sinful folly. Now that he was on the highway to honour, again he trembled lest he should be discovered as the prison-breaker. True, he had been perfectly innocentof the crime- for which he was con victed, yet, if discovered, how prove that ? If Corporal Ball had doubted, would Colonel Desbrough believe him guiltless ? It had been fully understood on the eve he quitted Maythorpe that ho correspondence should pass between Cl&ude; Fanshawe and his friends until he could return to them with honour, and f ally absolved from the foul stain which clung to him. Therefore, Jack Win- gate knew not whether -his eon was living or dead ! Poor Lena often asked herself the question — 4 Living or dead ?' And the philo sophical corporal was often heard muttering, 4 Damme ! is the boy really living or .'dead, I wonder V ' And so you had a pleasant trip over, mon cher ?' Delightful, Ormond, if I except one little accident, or adventure rather,' said Claude, lighting a cigar. . 4 OX course, my dear fellow ; there never -was a voyage yet which hadn't an adventure at the end of it — especially if any member of the Light Bobs happened to be abroad. Was there a lady in the case ?' - Yes.' 4 1 thought so. Well, she lost her poodle overboard, eh?' 4 Wrong, comrade. The lady herself fell overboard.' 4 That was serious, Fanshawe.' 4 Ay ! The poor thing fell from the poop into a rather heavy sea. I jumped after her, and had the good fortune to keep her afloat until we were picked up by the boat sent for us.' . Capital 1 No doubt the fair one will re ward your hercfism with her hand and fortune,' 'Nay, my friend, the lady is already married.' . So much the better.' 4 Dear Phil, pray be serious. I am rather interested in this matter.' . 4 No doubt, sir. She's all your fancy painted her, and — etc. But tell me, Fan shawe, is the lady beautiful V Lovely as the sculptor's figure of the Trojan Helen.' 4 Bravo I Dark or fair ?' 'Fair, /Ormond; yet 'tis a brooding, melancholy face that has known sorrow.' ' Humph ! Pray retire to roost, dear boy.' ' Indeed, I feel positive that I've seen Mrs. Fernleigh somewhere before, Phil, ,and as certain Comrade ! Ormond ! what is the matter ?' If a thunderbolt had suddenly fallen from the clear shining vault above them and Shat tered the encampment into a thousand million atoms, the face of Captain Ormond could not have changed- more suddenly from - healthy red to bloodless white. At the sound of the name he sprang up with a short, abrupt gasp, but fell back again as if he had received a sword thrust, and lay panting, his eyes set and staring as if in death. Fanshawe rapidly unbuttoned his friend's tonic to give him air. As his fingers torn aside the front of Ormond's under- robe a locket fell therefrom — the same he bad seen at Bristol — and behold the mystery of Lncy Fernleigh's face was explained to him in a moment. Yea, it was a striding likeness, save that there was no shade of care and melancholy on the picture whioh marked the original. Whatever might be the. hidden secret - between the beautiful niece of Major Wilton and his friend, Claude Fanshawe did not seek to learn. With true gentlemanly tact, he replaced the trinket in Ormond's bosom, and sought by every means at hand to relieve him from the stupor into which he had fallen. You are better now, Phil ?' ' Ay ! Strange that a strong man should be overcome at the mere sound of a name 1' answered the captain, with a sickly, smile. Pray repeat it again ?' 'Repeat what again, comrade ?' ' The name of Lucy Fernleigh !' replied Ormond with an effort. 4 Shakspeare has said, 44 What's in a name?" Much, much, Fan shawe! More than the glorious Bard of Avon ever conceived. Pray give me a drink.' For that night, Captain Ormond spoke not another word. Moody and silent he sat, with hent brows, and heeded not the. talk of his friend, and Fanshawe, growing weary of his fruitless task, left him brooding by the fire. . Claude descended the hill for the camp of the 6— th Light Infantry lay on the opposite side of the valley. The full moon lit up the dim outline of the rents and chasms of the mountain side, and cast gigantic bars of silvery light athwart the gurgling stream below, which wound through the dell like a long shining serpent. He had gainbd the tents oif the other side, when a voice acoosfced him. 4 Arrah, captain agra, whisper?' Fanshawe turned and beheld- the guide. What, Jack, not retired yet?' 4 Mushla, captain, jewel who can sleep an' a man to be flogged to the morning?' cried the dwarf, ruefully. 4 A man to be flogged ?' ' 4 True "for me,\sir. One of the fust Waikato boys,' replied Jack. 4 Share it's me own mother's son doesn't care a brass farden for poudher. or shot, but the cat— faugh ! to the divel wid it.' 4 What is the man's crime ?' 4 Crime ! Begorra it isn't a crime he did at all. He only tuk a skinful of rum when he was on sintry over the baggage, and share it's yourself 'ad have done the same, eh?' -Drunk when on duty in the field is a very serious matter, Jack.' \- 4 So it seems. They only tried him yester- x day, an' he'll be tied up at .daylight the morrow. Faith, X saw onld Bagshaw, the drum major, getting the triangles ready. Bad luck to him V . ' . Ah ! I'm sorry for the poor fellow ; but discipline must be preserved at all cost. Good night!' 4 Stop, honey, just one minit !' cried Jack, in persuasive tones, and sidling pearer to the young officer. 4 Ye renumber that murdhering shindy at Wangatii, when the rebels killed every officer of the storming party, and tuk the colours of the'6 — th regiment ? ' I remember, Jack/ 4 Ye recollect a houldsergeant,who, picking v up Major Casey's sword from the dead man's grip, called upon the wavering men to follow him, an' how, when that sergeanthad won the height at the bayonet point, he fell tote a great hole filled wid rebete, who - v 1 Who would have butchered him to k cer tainty but for the gallant daring of one "Jack Donovan,' cried Fanshawe, interrupting fiim. 4 My good friend, I shall never forget that I owe my life toyou.' 4 Don't be bothering me wid your nonsense, answered Jack, with a rough shrug of his high shoulders. ' Troth, it's to save the from bring flogged i; want ; d'ye mtod ? ' How can you save him?' \- Me, is it? Faix, it isn't toe, but youksdf ' that will do that same,' answered the guide. ' I should really like, to know how R k to be accomplished, my gpod fellow?' said Fan ehawe, smiling. ' Go to the gmer&l;'sient, waken hirp-np ont o' that, an' tollhim to let the poor spal peen off. Faith that's aisy enough.' Ho doubt, Jack ; brt even the general cannrt break the ratis of tee service.' ; What! Do ye mane to ray thai a pnafil can't do eockfy vbd be libee? Couldn't fee ordher tbe lUe esinp to get dhronk, an pardon them agin when teey ware sober? Ay, bat suppose, Jaek,ihii while ibe men wore tipsy tbe in fl m atfedk upon \- WWMpBMlty , 0, be me sow!, the boys would fight like tee dnd then, yoamajdBpind,' replied Jaek, laaghmg. 4 Bat, came, agra, don't let than fiog the boy. I cant stand it. «lly good fellow, Dm afraid there's no alternative bat to let tblfi matter take its coarse, said Claude, seriously. However, I will see Gafonel Desbroagfe tbe first thing in tbe morning, and by what ean be done. , So once more, goodnight 1 Cxd bb oossm&j; 