? KNOCENAGOW; OS, jHE HOMES OF TIPPEBABY. CHAPTEB IV. THB TKA.CK0 IN THE 8KOW. BY G. J. KICKHAM. THE window of Mary's room faoed the ,lT ftnd she was fond of sittmg there in the "" rt was a ourious little bower, the pointed roof of the. oldest patt S the Vrottags—whioh had been added % «t fdifferent periods, and presented tte appearance of a promiscuous oolleoof odds and ends of houses, not one S which bore the slightest resemblance to Vof the rest. The window was the only m in the ivy-covered gable, and looked Xa little enclosure, half garden and half *mbberv Mary sat near the window, Sokine at' the fast-sinking sun, while Grace rtood Opposite the looking-glass arranging Ah? Mary," she said, with a sigh, «that's the elegant young man."; "Who?" "Mr. Lowe." •<Iihe indeed? Then I suppose Biohard is to be discarded?" ii oh, Richard is quite an Adonis. .But, then Mr. Lowe has such an air—he is so aristocratic. He seems tb admire you, 'she Continued. " But that's of course. They Si admire a b-e-a-u-t-y." Mim Grace dwelt upon the word-, with a curl of the hp, as if she had the most sovereign contempt for beauty. At the same time she stood upon her toes and surveyed herself in the glass from every possible point of view. "Do you think yourself handsome, "Well, between you and me, Mary, I do. Though not in the usual way, perhaps." "You mean 'handsome is that handsome Not at all! I was not thinking of that stupid old proverb. But there is Adonis in the garden, and what shall we call the other ? —Apollo." Mary looked round and saw her brothers and Mr. Lowe in the garden. "And what will you call Hugh?' she B^"0h, Nabuohodonosor, if you like—or Finn Maoool," replied Grace, laughing. " I really don't know what to make of him. He seems to be always trying to ealonlate how many thorns in an acre of furze." Biohardjhere called to his sister, saying: "Can you tell us anything about these toaoks in the snow ? We are puzzled by them." "No," Mary replied,, opening the window, and looking down with surprise. "The puzzle is," said Biohard, "that there are no tracks coming towards the house. The person must have jumped from your window." "Do you think anything has been stolen ?'* die asked. " The traoks," he replied, " are those of slight, high-heeled boots, suoh as gentlemen wear." " I don't know how on earth to account for it," said Mary. " And he must have been well acquainted with the plaoe," Biohard continued; " for he faced straight to the stile behind the laurels; and no stranger would have done that." ' Mary's face flushed crimson; but to her neat relief her brothers and Mr. Lowe were looking towards the laurels and did not observe her. They followed the footprints out on the road near " the Bush"—where the lads and lasses of Knooknagow were wont to assemble—and here aU traae of them was lost in the trampled snow. The three young men returned to the house through the farmyard, Mr. Lowe' having expressed a wish to "see the horse of whioh his host had spoken in the morning. " Seally, Mary," said Grace, " it is like one of the Melodies, * Weep for the hour . When to Eveleen'g bower The loidof the valley with his false vowsoame.' Is there a lord of the valley in the oase ?" "I don't know what to make of you," said Mary, looking at her aB if she thought it just possible that Miss Graoe Kiely might be the queen of the fairies. "' But as you must teally be a witch QfBSffib kind—" . "Not one of those ladies, I hopej" Graoe interrupted, "who nightly travel upon broomsticks." - - . . " Well," Mary resumed, thing yon like. But perhapeyiSu "Well, let me see." 'y „ She knelt down, aod reeting her.elbows on ••the low window frame, put her lands under tar ohin, and .with knitted hrow "contemplated the footprints in the snow. • , " The solution of the mysteryis itbiu," she gnwdy began. "The^ k itrthing'T'eiy ^rtraordinary ina-man's footprint s snow. ' The f oo tprint is an ordinary aflair-enough; "But the Wonderis, as Sydney Smith' said, of tte Ay in the amber, 'iWttajdwikitgot "No." w ' • ' waee shcK>kherh^,a]idwssa%6ut'pro> «edii»gTOth whftt shemailed the &lntion; M 1J»e mystey; when^«^«in^fe%i®withi- " By-the-bye]. therewia; affiflbnssiohat 'Footprint* on the sands of time.' 'Tis to be hoped when I speak of Longfellow 0t 8npp0Be 1 m0an ~rothOT?? yo^ graceful "No," 'replied Mary, laughing, "I am not quite so illiterate as you suppose. 1 hough I dare Bay your poets and editors would be apt to set me down for a fool." "A fool!" Grace exolaimed. "Bless your innocence, they adore fools. No girl but a fool has the ghost of a ohance of making any impression on them. The 4 Brehon,' to be sure, seems to appreciate your humble Bervant 1 slightly, and has perpetrated an acrostic whioh I will repeat for you some time. But unfortunately the ' Brehon' is the rummieBt of the whole lot." "The what?" "Oh, suoh ignorance!' The rummiest. But Shamrook,' who writeB divinely, and who is really a nice fellow—I confess to a weakness for nioe fellows—is quite gone about my foolish sister. 'Now, if I am indeed a bard. Immortal song, uncrowned, rtnatarred— Though gold, and friends, and rivals guard- Shall win thee, spite of Fate, Jessie.' She substitutes ' Eva' for' Jessie,' and takes it all to herself. I fear the poor child's head is a little turned," sighed Miss Graoe, with a very wise shake of her own. Mary laughed, for the poor child was five years her senior. But Graoe, without condescending to notioe the interruption went on:— "To return, however, to the ' Footprints on the sand of time.' It was objected that the returning tide would wash away a footprint from the sand, and therefore the idea was a bad one. But papa very properly observed that time, when compared with eternity, was nothing more th*n the strand between the ebbing and flowing of the tide. But to come to our footprints in the snow. We need not trouble ourselves with the notion that his Sable Majesty has had anything to do with them. Of oourse you read • Robinson Crusoe ?'" " Yes," Mary replied, wondering what Bobinson Crusoe could have to do with it. "Very good. Well the solution of the mystery is this: our man Friday—in a stylish pair of Wellington boots—was standing there when the snow commenced to fall; and like a patient savage, as he was, there he remained till the snow left off—and then walked away. Quod erat demonstrandum. Excuse my weakness for latin." "I deolare," said Mary, with a look of wonder, " that must be it." " Oh," exolaimed Graoe, resuming her bright look, " there are a pair of feet' making tracks,' as our Yankee friends would say, wnich might well frighten John the Baptist himself, if he met them in the wilderness." And she pointed to BarneyBrotheriok, who was making for the stile behind the laurels, in his not-to-be-described mode of looomotion. • Mary ottlled to him, and Barney swung around, and looked up at them. " Barney," said she, " did you meet any one on your way from town last nightj?" "Begob, I did, Mies," replied Barney, with a start. "An' God forgive me," he oontinued, pulling off his hat and taking a letter from the lining, " I forgot to give you this bit uv a note." He oame under the window and threw the letter up to Graoe, who oaught it and handed it to Mary. " What o'dock might it be, Miss Grace?" Barney asked, with the coaxing grin he always wore when speaking to her. " It is past four, Barney." " Thanum-on-dioul, can it be late so early ?" he exolaimed. " Tare- an-'ouns, I'll be kilt." And Barney "made tracks" for the style behind the laurels. Graoe laughed, and turned round to repeathis words; but oheoked herself on seeing Mary with the open letter in her hand, gazing towards the distant mountains. " And now," die said, abstractedly, " he is gone." mm DOOTOB CHAPTER V. HIMMMI.IT OOMFOBTABLH. " IFB4B, Mr. Lowe," stud Mary, " you will be put to some inconvenience to- morrow, as we are to have the Station." " What is that ?'' he inquired. "Oh, don't you know? Well, Catholics go to confession and communion at Christmas and Easter. And, in country districts, instead Of requiring the people to go to the chapel, the priests come to oertain housesin each locality to .hear oohfessionB 'fend say Maes. So that our house is to be publio property for some hoars to-morrow, and I fear yon willfind it unpleasant. But you can remain in: your room, and I suppose you lrill hi&ve; no objeotion to bwakfast with the Bynomeans,"he replied; "it- willbe a pleasure. Shall we have the gentleman who preached thatremarkable sermon?" Oh, of course. He is our parish priest, FatherM'Mahon. He isa most ohflrftable mail, and almost adored by commonly sbid that when Father .Jt'Matoon dies he will not have as muchmoney as will bury him. I must warn vou, however, tint you will find him wserved,ianayoo-mr Aa tempted to think bim hanghty. But it is only his'manner.'' •. ] J* He lootaawfullyproud, at all events," said Graoe. "He astonished na all a few weeksago," Mary oontihued, "W nuJdng thigpemjlLw. ''iter" 1 discourse torn the ">Efc "began in snoh an extraordinary way," *aidGraoe, id^tO lftDflli*^' 'J-<-:-> . ••^ r erynear," saidMary. " Whyjroiid iM^hi sensible young and it lady was like *eaily!tpo you." fead for A " I oould not help it. Only think, Mr. Lowe, the first word he said was—' Ye say I have a .proud walk.' And then he went on to explain to them 1 in the most earnest manner that when they thought he was walking proudly, he was, perhaps, not thinking of himself at alL < Indeed,' he said, I never knew until lately that I had a proud walk. And I fear it is too late to toy to correct it now. 'Tis hard ,to break an old dog off his trot.' Sure everybody laughed "It was a most instructive diBco " said Mary. "Oh, of course," replied Graoe. " And it muet have been very consoling to those who give themselves airs, as we are not by any means to infer from the scud airs that they are not all humility in their hearts. But I hope it is Father Hannigan Mr. Lowa will have an opportunity of hearing to-m<>r >w." " Yes, I think it is not unlikely, as i". her M'Mahon has not been strong for some < i<'ie back, and one of the curateB usually tays Mass now at the Stations. You oan have no idea, Mr. Lowe, what an amount of labour an Irish priest has to go through." " It must be very considerable from what you tell me," Mr. Lowe observed. " Come Graoe," said Mary, " the Rosary." Hugh stood up, and went with them to the kitchen, as he always, when at home, " headed" the Rosary. Instead of summoning the servants to prayers in the parlour it is the general oustom, among Irish Catholics of the middle class, for the master and mistress of the house, with their children and guests—unless the latter should happen not to be Catholios —to " say the Bosary" in the Mtohen. In Hugh's absence the duty of beginning and ending the Bosary—the same person always " heads" and " finishes"—fell to Mrs. Kearney or Mary; whioh was looked upon as a grievance by Barney and some of the other servants. ' I'd always like to have Mr. Hugh to head the Rosary," Barney used to say. '' He never puts trimmins to id like Miss Mary and the mistress." During the Bosary Biohard and the stranger lighted their cigars in Hugh's room, and had a pleasant talk—the dootor as usual having the lion's share. His volubility was considerable; but though people generally found it pleasant enough to listen to him—young ladieB particularly— —it was not easy to tell what it was all about after. Hugh oame in with a large book under his arm, and seemed unprepared for the honour that had been done him. Mr. Lowe was standing by the fire, with his elbow on the chimney-piece. The dootor had his two heels on it, and reolined in a ourious old arm-ohair at the other side of the fire. " We're just talking," said the latter, of what we are to do with ourselves tomorrow. Mr. Lowe votes for the snipe." " Very well," Hugh replied, " rll have everything ready; but you muBt be satisfied with a single-barrel." " Oh, 'tis all the same exoept that I oan't make so much noise. Curious," continued the dootor, contemplatively, " that there are some things that some people oan't do. Though I blaze away, the birds don't fall. I generally forget that there is anything required but to pull the trigger. Or when it does ooour to me that I must take aim, somehow I first think of my feet—a graceful attitude, you know. And before I am all right the bird is a mile away. And then I fire." " You can ride better than you can shoot," said Mr. Lowe. " Pretty well at the riding ; but I never oould do that, either, like Hugh. The oursed attitudinizing ruins me there, too. Do you remember Kathleen Hanly?" he asked, turning to his brother. " Yes, I remember," Hugh replied, laughing. "Oh, 'tis misery to think of it," the dootor oontinued taking his feet from the chimney- piece, and thrusting his hands in the pockets of Ub shooting-jacket. "What was it?' Mr. Lowe asked. •'The prettiest girl in the country," replied the dootor; "Til show you where she lives to-morrow." " Well ?" said Mr. Lowe. "Oh, you want to know all about it. Well, Hugh and I were out schooling one day, and I oaught a glimpse of Kathleen walking up and down by a hedge not far from where we were. There was a wall about three feet high near where she was walking; and I thought I might as well ride down by the ditoh and take a jump over the wall. I waited till she had turned at]the end of her walk, and oame on at the waU in a canter. I was thinking of a picture in one of Lever's novels, and my only regret was that the wall was not five instead of three feet high. JuBt as I was coming to the jump, it occurred to me that my left elbow was not at the proper an^e. So I glanced atit and turned It more in—forge tangtoe necessity of keeping my seat and everything else but the elbow and KatUeen." _ — The dootor ; paused and. Jooked at the .lighted end of his- cigar as if it were the miniature of a departed friwid. ^ " Well, what happened ? said Mr. Lowe., "Well, I was spun," replied JJiib dootor, wifli a sigh, " out oetween his two «M.^I Tesol ved to get out of a window in tiw indole of the night,.and run a w a y i n * xeginwnlTjinior- orfers 'for -Jad^-. ^ut ; I jn/jari aai'rfiocfrhfrheadr^ ^ ^ ' •y.: "Kathleen said' aftenfarasj** he' resumedi -^hirdirigfr 'tfoiu$Efc ol'iiw^wfth *my ifc&l;* in fl»e air; : Snot partem- And my legs aw rather long." The doctor took a last look at the ashes of the cigar, and flung the butt into the fire. He then stood up, and taking a cigar-case from the chimney-piece, carefully selected the best one in it for himself. "Have a cigar?" said he, presenting one to Mr. Lowe ; which was very civil, seeing that the case and its contents belonged to Mr. Lowo himself. " Do you know," said thedpctor, turning to his brother, after resuming his place in the arm-ohair, " we may as well make ourselves oomfortable." " By all means," replifed Hugh, tearing the corner off a newspaper, and offering it to him to light his cigar. " Hold on, old boy," said the doctor. He loft the room and returned in a few minutes, with a decanter in one hand and a sugar-bowl in the other. Placing them on the table, he rather surprised Mr. Lowe by producing three tumblers and a wine- glass from the pockets of his shooting-coat. He then eat down, with his feet on the fender, and poked the fire. While thus employed, a servant came in with a kettle, which the doctor took with his disengaged hand, and spilled a little of the water under the grate to see that it was boiling. " All right, Judy," said he. "Mum's the word." "Yes, sir," the girl replied, and lefttheroom. The doctor then mixed a stiff tumbler for himself, and motioned to Hugh and Mr. Lowo to follow his example, which they did. Having lighted his cigar, he turned sideways in his chair, throwing one of his long legs over the other, and said— " Now, Hugh, your opinion is worth having on most subjects. But I want your opinion now on a subject of which, so far as ever I could see, you have had no personal experience." " What is it ?" Hugh asked. "Lore," replied the dootor, commencing to puff so vigorously that he was Boon enveloped in a cloud. " Well, what about it ?" "Do you believe in first love, and love at first sight, and all that sort of thing ?" "Of course, if there's love at all there muBt be first love to begin with. And," he added, after a pause, " I rather think love at first sight is not an impossibility." " But is the first love the true love ? The ' never forget,' you know, and so forth ?" " I don't think so. It may or may not." " The fact is, you think there iB no limit to the number of times a man may be really in love ?" *' Well, I do believe a man may be really in love more than once in his life. But, I'll tell you what I believe," he continued, after a pause. " I believe it is the destiny of many to love once, or meet somebody whom they feel they could have loved as they never loved before and never can love again." " But they can love again!" said Mr. Lowe, who began to feel interested in the conversation. " Yes, certainly," replied Hugh. " A man can love again, and be happy in the love of another. But it will not be the same kind of happiness as might have been his." " Do you think this higher sort of happiness is the lot of many ? I fancy, in the majority of cases, people must be satisfied with the secondary kind of happmess you allude to." " Yes, I think so too;" replied Hugh. " And why so ?" Riohard asked, aB he took the kettle from the fire, and poured the boiling water -carefully on the lumps of sugar in his tumbler.' "Why should they not be supremely blessed ?'* And while pouring in the whisky after the water, the dootor sang in a pleasing voioe:— " Our life should resemble one long day of Ught, < And our death come on holy and etum as tho ught." << 'Tis easily accounted for," replied Hugh. " The feeling may not be mutual; and, even when it is, How many insurmountable obstacles may be in the way ? But if it ever does happen, that a man or a woman can love only onoe, it is when two spirits rush together in this way, and are then parted by death, or some other cause that does not involve weakness of any kind on the part of either." " Now, did a oase of this kind ever come within your knowledge ?" " Yes," Hugh replied. " I know of ono suoh case. And it is what I have observed in this instanoe that has made me think about the matter at all." "You. seem to think," stud Mr. Lowe, " that reciprocity is necessary to give immortality to the sentiment, if I may so express what I mean to convey." ,. : " I am inolined to think," Hugh replied, "that without that it will die a natural death." is,? " Have you been taking large. doaeB i>f poetry of late ?' said Biohard. "It ^Oifld soaroely surprise me to find some' tender stanzas in this." And he opened the ledjgfer which Hugh had' laid on the' tpble. * « And that would be getting blood frofflUa turnip," -said the dootor, as he turaed owir the leaveB. " But do you really keep yftir accounts in this way P I thought it ijpas only merchants-did that." ; ; . , w - " And why should not manufacturers I-. a ^ "Manufacturers? Do you meanttat ypa are a butter maker?'* ,-MJLad a jnanufiwtertr economy -which be before: " Land cannot he maauMoWW? auhject l aion rwidjatitoould, JJgOTQg 