A REAL GHOST. Mr A_. J. Duflield, of Belle Vue House, Newlyn, Penzance, writes to the Spectator as follows :—If I were to tell yon that X have seen and analysed the waters of a rjver which runstwo degrees north of the Equator, and found in those waters 11 per cent, of sulphuric acid and per cent, of hydrochloric, I might cause some surprise, but little or no .incredulity, even if I were to add the little-knowu fact that in that region .of the world there is thrown away in twenty-four hours more of those two acids than is artificially produced in Europe iu a year. But if I tell,you that I once saw, outsidevjmy fancy, 8 women who Was 2000 milei off at the times 1 shall not only be generally, disbelieved butlaughed at as well. I have often told the story in private .life, but not till now have I told it in print. Twenty-three years ago as I was looking out of the window of General Torico's rancho at Cborillos, ten miles south of Lima, Peru, there passed by several ladies and gentlemen on hoiseback. A lady, whom I will call Mrs Morena (the Spanish rendering of a common English name), was one of the gay cavalcade. She was so beautiful, that I have remembered her face with the ease wit:i which Lam able to recall tbe Victoria Begins, or tbe yellow convolvulus, or the blue orchid, as when I first saw those beautiful flowers in their native lands. I had never spoken with Mrs Morena, or her husband, who accompanied her, and who was then on his way to Jauja from tbe United States, to get healed of consumption. Three years ago, aa one morning Hay musing in my \ unk in a Cunard steamer crossing the Atlantic in full daylight, and having my eyes wide open, Mrs Morena came into aty cabin, and, to my sorrow, went out of it as quickly as she came in. Thereupon I rose, bathed, dressed, and went up to breakfast. It was late; the saloon was nearly deserted, and I found only two fellow- passengers talking together and eating bam and eggs. I bad never seen either, The common name of Morena was mentioned between the two, and, I. being full of vision, remarked, at a venture to him who sat next to me, " Mrs Morena is more plump then she was twenty years ago." My neighbour turned ou me a quiet look of inquiring surprise, Putti»g his hand into the breast-.pocket of his coat, he drew out one of those excellent photographs for which some American photographers are so celebrated. "Is tliat the lady you mean ?" he eently demanded, and I answered, ".Certainly, and you see she i3 rather stouter." " When did you see I ber last?" was the next question; and I answered, " Tins morning-" Tbe gentleman with the photograph was Mr Morena, the hosband of my beantitul lady. We became friends, we had many social yarns together; he told me of- his residence in Jauja, of the complete cure of his lungs, the number of his children, ^and many more dear, delightful, household things, m which I had no interest. He invited me ,to his house. On our arrival at New York, Morena telegraphed to his wife, who. replied whilst he waited in the telegraph office, that they were all quite well at home. Nothing happened. 1 had not, to my recollection, thought of the Morenas for years before. Is it very difficult to understand, when :wo or three ■ are" riiet together under certain given ! circumstances, that a real presence may be youchsafed to each ? 