ODD NOTES.v BY A BOHEMIAN. The members of the Assembly resumed their Parliamentary duties on Tuesday7 as fresb as paint, and on "Wednesday the Colonial Treasurer made his budget speech, which can be perused at length in another part of this journal.' It Bhows a very satisfactory state of -things goherally;' but tho best .of [it. is tt^j'wj.gon^'pniperiigr.is. entirely due to the activo7 efforts of tho Ministry.'1 'The Into Earl 'Bcaconsfield; when plain Mr;; Disraeli,'once said7 that Allison; tho' historian, wrote .a boot", of .'twenty.two volumes; (0History-.of.! Europe'!) ,;toprove that'"'Providence- was always on .'the side of the 'Tories. We. have "people hero no doubt .'reidy and 'willing for an " adequate consideration'! to write'a book to prbvo'that Providence is always on the side of a pro squatting Ministry—and who could deny it with'the evidence before usf Isit n'otafact that!".;,during the Macalister-Thorn-Douglas regime the colony, suffered, in common with all other British colonies and Groat Britain itself, from a financial crisis, and now the squatters are in'power here tho whole' trade of tho civilised world has revived and is "prosperous? Is it not a fact that there was a drought in this part of the world while a Liberal Ministry held officewhicKKhs broken up since their retirement to the cold shades of Opposition?' I could cite msny more Buch proofs, showing the benefi cent influence of the: squatters when in office, if it were necessary, and defy anyone to de monstrate that I was wrong. Evon tho Btars, in tboir courses, fight for tho squatters. The previous transit of/Venus did not take place until Sir Arthur Palmer's Ministry was firmly established,'and the' only other transit of that planet.which will take place during the prc sent i.century...is ,te; come off in .a few more vreekB. Andji as for. comets—why, we never "had ; one - worth looking at7 while tho .'Liberals were in power, but sineo MTLwraith has,been Premier there have been two beautiful comets,, and there will bo more yet, without doubt,-if 7he can only maintain his majority long enough; It is all very well to say that' theso" great . and striking events are merely accidental coincidences. Anybody can say that, but-I should like to see7 them prove it. flhe simplest'and easiest'way is to accopt them'as. being in some' inscrutable' way duo to the benign influence, of. a pro-squatting Min. istry in ' Queensland. The most noticeable feature of this stylo of argument-is that the political partizans who claim all the merit of having ■ brought about good and desirable natural, events are always in a desperate hurry to show how unreasonable it is to hold them in anyyway responsible for great' national calami ties/sucli as droughts, floods, famine, or pesti lence, or general' depression of trade—it is thoir political opponents who are always made responsible for the consequences which follow visitations of this latter kind. 1 And mentioning tho beneficent sway of a Squatting Government in this colony reminds me of the extraordinary amount of high patron age, a wise. Providence has enabled them to exerrise during the three years and & half that the M*Ilwraith^Ministry has. been.in office. , They have had the appointment of two Presi dents of tho Legislative Council id that short time ; the appointment of tho Chief Justice and the two puisne judges of the Supremo Court, three registrars ef that court, and three or four District Court judges, Crown Prosecutors, and what not. In tho Legislative Council they have been equally fortunate. They have had tho nomination of so many members, to the Council, and have filled thorn up so judiciously, that there is not a ghost of a chance for any Liberal member of that Chamber to ex. erciso the slightest influonco in the legislation done there. Indeed,, there are only two or three Liberal members left,: and no doubt the place will soon be made too hot to bo pleasant to them,' and they will resign. I see tho Hon. E. X C. Browne lias done so. Ho is one of tho oldest of tho Liberal members of the Council, and if Messrs. Pottigrcw, Cowlishaw, and Box could be induced to follow his examplo, and W. HV Walsh would stick to his coal mines, the Postmaster-General would he surrounded by a happy family, which would obey orders strictly, and not only render tho labours of that chamber very light, but secure tho. elimination from bills of all objectionable clauses which cantankerous-followers of tho Ministry, or mombers of tho Opposition, may havo contrived to get inserted in committee in tho1 Assembly. And should the squatting party over again be in ti minority in tho Assembly tho advantage of having a Legislative Council com posed almost exclusively of pro-squatting mem bers will bo grc.iter than ever, ns they can stop all bills which aro objectionable lo their party in tho othor hnincliof tiio legislature, or amend them so as to render them non effective. I cannot blame such members a* tho TTon. IS. I. 0. Browne for leaving the Council under such circumstances. What is tho U90 of his stopping thcro to waste his time an! injure his health ? And until tho Council do something to-rendor.them unpopular there can be no reasonable ^objection to tbe members o£ that chamber being all, or nearly all, warm supporters of tho Ministry. It ia to the As sembly and not t» the Council that the public look for their legislation and such control of the administration as it is possible to exercise* Should tho Council at any timo become mis* ohicTOUS and dangerous—why, mean's will have to ho devised by which to restrain their mis chievous and dangerous tendencies. It is no use meeting trouble half way. The residents of Southport, Coomero, and , thereabouts, are rejoicing greatly at the pros pect ofi good times, for them in the way of I political favours to pave the way for tbe election 'of a squatting member in'-'tho-room of Mr. M'Jjcan, when the time arrives. The new can didate is selected, and has commenced opera tions.! Tho present member for the Warrcgo has resided in the district for some time past, and received such encouragement from a num ber of the electors that I am assured, on what seems excellent authority, that Mr. M'Lean's chances of re-election are exceedingly small. And they get smaller day by day. The .only fear is that Stevens may not be able | to keep up the present interest in his favour until the dissolution. Tho Hon. the Postmaster | General was heard to declare in the plainest of Anglo-Saxon the other day, that if Mr. Stevens [ tries it on him much more in favour of the Xiogan electors, he shall just simply jib on it, , let the consequences at the general election be what they may. It happened in this wise, so I ; have been told: There is a mail twice a week each way to some place at the extreme southern end of the colony, and Stevens made up his , mind that if he could secure another mail per ! week, it would be of considerable advantage to tbe residents, and a service which they would ! appreciate. The story goes, that, full of this idea, he formed himself into a deputation of one to the Postmaster-General, and having introduced the deputation in proper form, the deputation Bt&ted; the case to the Postmaster General in forcible but neat and appropriate language. The Postmaster-General, after lis j tening to the arguments brought forward by the j deputation, said it was all jolly fine to talk I about the advantages to the residents of the J district referred to of three mails a week each way, but the number of the population and the extra cost of such a service did not justify him in granting the favour asked. Then he wont on, in the usual style of a Minister of the Crown who wants to wriggle out of giving a direct promise, to point out to the deputation the numbsrof places there were in the colony with & larger population than the one referred to who only had & mail once a week, and yet he did not see his way clear to give them a twice a weck mail. The deputation said that was. all blooming line he dare say, but it did not tell with him. Tins third mail per week was wanted; and must bo granted. He was not going to risk the loss of his election for a two penny-halfpenny thing like that—or words to that effect, and several more of them. More head also relieved his feelings, after which he granted the boon asked. It was then he made the observation that he was getting pretty full ofttbat sort of thing with the election twelve months in the distance. Extremes meet. I do not know who made that remark originally, but it is true. You see it demonstrated in all directions—if you will only use your eyes and understandings. The most noticeable illustration of this truth on a large scale at the present time which I can call to mind is afforded by the Ritualists and the Salvation Army people. My attention was called to the fact only a day or two ago, by reading in a high class Ritualist publication, what appeared to me an intensely pharisaical notice of the doings of " General Booth" and his followers. There wasa " I/ord-I-thank-thee * that-I-am-not-as- other-men-are" tone about that notice which stroked me the wrong way of the fur in a very decided manner. My idea of "Pure religion and undcfiled before God and the Father," is quite different from that entertained by tho Salvationists. At the same time, look ing at tho matter from a purely secular and sclilsh point of view, and as a matter of taste mcroly, I would sooner hear tho people who compose the hulk of Salvation Armies singing Moody .and Sankey's hymns out of tune to an accompaniment not up to concert pitch, than to hear them cursing and swearing, or singing smutty songs — which, in all probability, would be the alternative of their modo of spending. their leisure time if tho Salva tionists had not caught- hold of them For theso roasons I am. free to confess that whatever exception I might take to tlio sentiments expressed or the mode iu which they conduct their religious services, it is infinitely preferable to tho sort of life theso people led bofore they wore what they, toriu "caught in tho Gospel net." In this light the success of tho Salvation Army is a distinct gain to tho community, becauso it muBt iuevitnbly make its converts better citizens for tho time being—moro sober, hot est, law abiding, and reputable-* whether tho change be permanent or only temporary. One can laugh at their eccentricities in a good-natured way without thinking the worse of them, so long as ] they &to; earnest and sincere. But what! wanted 1 to say was that the extreme ritualists are, above allothers, the persons least justified in casting the first or the last stone at the Salvationists for their extravagant and highly emotional conduct in worship. fJo me the two are on precisely the same level—the two oxtremes which meet. If it were necessary or desirable to do so, it would be the easiest thing in the world to prove in the most conclusive manner that for every glaring extravagance indulged in by the Salva tionists in a rough and coarse manner, an equally glaring and exquisitely ludicrous ex travagance of the abstrusely ccsthetic type could be sheeted home to the Bitualists. The stress laid upon man-millinery, symbols, fads, and fussy outward shows among the extreme Bitualists produces just the same effect upon me as the vagaries of the Salvation Army, and my belief is that there is no essential difference between them. 