OUB PLYMOUTH LETTER. [From our own CorresDondentl rlymonth, November 26. jxisn su meets are stm to tne iront, and thnBl againbejjin myletter with references to them. There is, however, little cheering to say. The condition of the country seems to oe growing worse, lawlessness ana outrage, murder and incendiarism being apparently as great and more frequent than hitherto. Lord Doneraile recently served several tenants with writs for non-payment of rents, and they have now replied by slaughtering a dozen of Mb sheep, and so severely maiming thirty others thatthey will have to be killed. About the same time, and in the same county (Cork),atAghabulloge, the Protestant Churcn was wrecked by a party of men, who first stripped the roof, and then smashed the windows. At Boyle Fair yesterday a young man attacked a farmei with whom he had had a dispute concern ing land, and so seriously injured him that his death will probably have to be added to the several agrarian murders that have been committed during the past few days. The authorities seem to be almost powerless to prevent these crimes, and yet they con tinue to arrest under the Coercion Act. Half a dozen arrests of the kind took place yester day, among them that of almost the last member of the Land League Executive enjoying freedom in Ireland, and also that of the Dublin accountant of the League. In England Fenian alarms are not so prevalent The latest was a hoax, an anonymous letter having been received at the Home Office,, stating that an attempt was about to be made to blow up the City of London Guild hall. Over seventy of the hundred revolvers known to have been possessed by the Fenians in Bradford prior to the arrest of the man Tobin have now beenaccounted for, the efforts of the police in dragging the Leeds and Liverpool Canal having resulted in the discovery of over thirty. Each revolver is enclosed in a woollen bag made specially for the purpose. The police asked the engineer of the Canal Company to draw off the water for a few hours to allow of the search being completed, but the request was refused. A rising in Dalmatia is threatened, the Crivoscians having taken an oath in church, before the high altar, to resist the military law which Austria intends to enforce upon her recently acquired subjects. Energetic action is being taken to suppress any revolt that may occur. Several regiments stationed at Vienna have received orders to march, and the Austrian Lloyd Directors have been directed to prepare steamers fer the transport of troops, whilst a conference of naval com manders has decided in favour of sending a squadron to Cattaro I Every day adds largely to the record of terrible disasters wrought by the tempestuous weather of the past two or three weeks. At Cardiff a vessel has arrived with the sur vivors of the crew of the barque Adept, of Liverpool. She was homeward bound from New Brunswick with a cargo of timber, and was caught in a storm in the Atlantic and became waterlogged. The crew were engaged in throwing overboard the deckload, when the sea swept over the vessel, dashed the men down amongst the timber, and carried away twelve of their number. The remainder, after great sufferings from exposure and want of food, were rescued by a passing vessel. At Keadue, County Donegal, four dead bodies have been wasned ashore, and have been identified as those of persons belonging to the island of Inniskeeragh. Communication from the mainland has been impossible for some time past, and it is feared that the island, which is a very lowlying one, was swept by the waves of the Atlantic during the numcane which prevailed three or four days since. A telegram from San Sebastian states that the Spanish steamer Jovellanos, from Liverpool, Tiad foundered, with all hands, when entering the harbour. Numerous wrecks and minor casualties, involving, how ever, the loss of many lives, are gradually becoming known, and Beveral vessels are missing. Nine days since, H.M.S Espiegle, Captain Bridge, left Plymouth Sound for the Austra lian Btation. Two days afterwards she was caught in a storm, lasting with little inter mission for three days and nights, causing considerable damage, and ultimately driving her to run for Queenstown. The narrative of this brief voyage is a continuous story of misadventure. One of the first instances was a narrow escape of losing her steam-cutter, a heavy sea lilting it so that the foremost tackle was unhooked, and her bow came down with such violence a3 to stove in her planks, but by great promptitude she was rescued with repairable damage. On Sunday evening the Btorm returned with intensified force, and her sail being reduced to the last point an attempt was made to get up steam. Difficulty arose, however, in consequence of the funnel having been lowered when sail was made, and amid such tremendous sea and wind it was impossible to raise it, especially as half the men on board were seasick. As a last resource it was determined to get up steam with the funnel down, and this was done, and under steam she proceeded until the following afternoon, when another fierce gale sprang up, carrying away her jibboom and much ot her forward rigging. As the weather showed no signs of abatement the next morning Captain Bridge decided to run for Queenstown, a hundred miles distant, where she arrived on Wednes day night. The vessel behaved well under the circumstances, but all onboard were glad to get into still water. The necessary repairs will be effected at Queenstown. H.M.S. Diamond, Captain Dale, which has called at Plymouth, also on her way. to Australia, is detained for the purpose of having a new fire hearth fitted. One of the most unsatisfactory phases of the political campaign of the recess is the manner in which Conservative members are acting. Every one will admit that the Oppo sition for the time being has important functions to fill both in and out of Parlia ment, and that these cannot be set aside without positive harm, if not danger, to the whole community ; but most of what is now being done is altogether outside the province of fair criticism. Perhaps it would be im possible to obtain a better test of the mental calibre and the ability of the past and present Administrations than is afforded by the speeches that members of the respective Ministries are'now delivering. Whilst the addresses of even subordinate members of the present Adminstration are statesmanlike in tone, and bear the impress of careful study, wide experience and patient investigation the utterance of leaders of the Conservatives are. as a rule, mere commonplace diatribes, spiced with reckless charges, such as that Mr. Glad stone had worked harmoniously with the Land League until he got into office ; palpable absurdities as that the Government has alienated every foreign Power ; vulgar scur rility, ignorant abuse, and wilful untruth. These are strong accusations, but they are made in no party spirit ; they are patent to all willing to regard thematter with unpreju diced and impartial eyes. Even the Standard, the leading Conservative organ, has deemed it necessary to speak very plainly on the subject. Take an extract or two from the speech or the Right Hon. James Lowther, Mr. Forster'sj- predecessor in the office of Chief Secretary for Ireland. This statesman, at a critical juncture such as the present, saya at a Conservative banquet that the criminal classes are not fond of a policeman in uniform ; they do not like him much. But the feelings they entertain with regard to him are different from those they entertain of a former confederate who has ' rounded on his pals.' He compared the present Government and their treatment of the Irish to such a confederate. He denounced the Land Act as one of the most gigantic Acts of spoliation that defaced history, and as to the proceedings of the Land CourtSj said he should not sofarfollow the usual official and ex offieial caution by hesitating to say that in his opinion the grossest robbery and miscarriage of justice were daily taking place. The Land Act was either a gros3 robbery of private property, which ought to be com pensated from public funds, or the Govern ment had deliberately foisted the statute upon Parliament by false pretences. Such is the language of a man deemed suitable by Lord Beaconsfield to rule Ireland, and one who refers to the Liberalism of the district in which he is speaking as an ignominious degradation and domination which seems to hang like a pall over the length and breadth of tne watershed of the Tees. Mr. Courtney, the Under Secretary of State for the Colonies, is visiting his constituents, to whom he last night delivered his annual address. He had previously taken part in the inauguration of a Liberal Working Men's Association, and in connection therewith spoke of the importance of these associations in leading working men to form sound con clusions upon political questions, as they made men think, and taught them to discuss, to examine, to criticise, to probe to the bottom any difficult problem set before them. He admitted that upon most of the political questions that had arisen during the past century the opinions and aspirations of work ing men had been sounder than those of men of wealth, but upon one important subject that of free trade, he pointed out that their judgment was not always and everywhere right. In illustration of this he referred to France, to the United States, and to the colonies. 'Turn to Australia,' he said, 'and you will find there in the majority of colonies— happily in New South Wales there is a movement in another direction — protec- tionist principles predominate, and supported by working men. In the colony of Victoria, especially, where the working man has been most powerful, and where the progress of democracy has been least checked, the prin ciple and policy of protection have been most powerful - Therefore, I say, whilst I ap prove and applaud the zeal of the working man to pronounce rightly upon moral issues simply and plainly put before them, I must also come to the conclusion that there is a great temptation to them, at all events, a great liability to go wrong. When upon any fiscal or economic question they do not see at once many of the arguments presented to thenij when they have to follow step by step principles and results, when they have to understand what is unseen as well as what is seen, to discover the secondary consequences as well as the primary consequences of their action.' With regard to the views of his own constituents and those of Cornishmen generally on the subject, he remarked, 'I have often reflected upon the circumstances of this my native county with great satisfac tion in this way— that through years of sharp trial— sharper trial than has Deen suffered by any other part of the kingdom — there never has been raised, to my knowledge, any cry for fair trade, or reciprocity, or any other of those fallacious nostrums within it. Cornwall, as you know from the census of 1881, as com pared with the census of 1871, has fallen off much in population. Every town in the county, with the exception of one or two, has declined in population, and I cannot say the immediate prospect before us is one of great reassurance. Well, knowing the population has declined, knowing how the competition of foreign mines has told upon the produce of our home mines. I think ft is a most magnificent and a grand reflection, of which I am proud, that never have I heard in the County of Cornwall any cry for any sort of protection. The miners of our county have been made of sterner and of nobler stuff; and when they have found the con ditions of life such as they could not cure by their# industry here, they have recognised the situation, and have betaken themselves —much to the regret of those whom they have left behmd, and of themselves, that they should have to go from the scenes where they were born and educated, and which they had loved— they have betaken themselves to where they could carry on their industry with satisfaction, and have never asked, that their fellow-countrymen should be taxed that they might live. There is no probability that any such nostrums will be revived in England. At the same time we may hear a good deal of them for the next few months, and perhaps for a year or two. I wish I could think the whole country could show the magnanimity of my own people here.' Mr. Courtney is of opinion that several difficulties will present themselves in the next session. The first moment that Parlia ment opened Mr. Bradlaugh would stalk up to the table and forcing upon the House a more terrible vision than the ghost of Ham let's father would claim to take the oath. The Under-Secretary thinks the matter cannot be finally and satisfactorily settled except by an alteration of the law which shall allow all men to make an affirmation in lieu of taking the oath at their pleasure. In dealing with the reforms for facilitating the business of the House Mr. Courtney exhibits some jealousy that liberty, as opposed to licence of speech, may be curtailed. It must be the business of the House, he says, to economise their time and force, so as to get through the greatest pos sible amount of work with the limited means at-their disposal. He is in favour of remit ting the private-Bill legislation to permanent commissions, which shall sit in the various localities affected by the proposed Bills, such as railways, &c.; In the operation of the Irish Land Act Mr. Courtney sees much cause for satisfaction, but that it is vain to talk of this Bill or any other Bill, putting Irish society in a sound condition, unless it operates to make the Irish peasant a new creature. ' Our hope is that the new cir cumstances under which he is placed will create and draw out in him virtues which have hitherto been sluggish or altogether dormant, making him prudent, sober, thrifty, and careful, respecting himself and his neighbours, respecting the law, respecting the social conditions and the obligations which environ him.' Anxiety respecting the health of the Em peror William is passing away, and it is hoped that His Majesty will soon be able to resume his drives about the capital and its vicinity. The North German Gazette. Btates that there is nothing the matter with the Emperor excepting a slight cold caused by the changeable weather, and that the care which has been taken is simply a necessary precaution under the .circumstances. The Berlin correspondent of the Standard, how ever, affirms that the principal malady from which His Majesty has been suffering has been a painful affection of the kidneys, which, it is gratifying to learn, has n©w been en tirely overcome. Princess Sophia, ft daughter of tne Crown Prince of Germany, has Deen suffering from severe inflammation of the throat, but she too is recovering. Contagious disease is spreading in the East. Cholera nas, according toone telegram, which, however, is flatly contradicted by another, made its appearance at Alexandria, having doubtless, u really existent, been brought there by pilgrims from Mecca, where its victims have been numbered by hundreds in a day, and whence it is spreading into other districts. Between Trebizond and Batoum, on the shores of the Black Sea, there has ap E eared what the doctors believe to be the ubonic plague. Its symptom is a red swell ing, and within ten days five deaths have occurred in the town where it has broken out. A cordon has been drawn around the place, and quarantine is instituted in the neighbour ing districts. A sensation has been caused in the German Reichstag. During the debate on the Budget Herr Eugen Richter delivered a long speech, in which he attacked the whole social and fiscal policy of the Government as viewed by the light of the Emperor's message at the opening of the session. His destructive criticism produced so powerful an effect that none of the representatives of Government were for the moment prepared to reply, and the sudden close of the debate necessarily followed. Such an occurrence is said to be without parallel in the Parliamentary records of Germany or Prussia, and the Opposition claim to have gained a great triumph. The official papers are again declaring the necessity of organizing a new service of oceanic steamers with State guarantees. Matters connected with the Papacy are exciting more than ordinary interest. In Parliamentary circles in Berlin it has been widely rumoured that the Pope was about to seek an Asylum at Fulda, in Germany, but members of the Centre party absolutely con tradict the statement. M. Spolvenni, the temporary Nuncio at Munich, is charged with reopening negotiations between the Curial and Prussia, and he is the bearer of an autograph letter from the Pope to the Emperor. In a telegram to his paper the correspondent of the Morning Post in Rome says the Zelanti, who have got the upper hand at the Vatican, are playing their last card. They are serving the cause of the # revolutionists. Governments who are anxious to see the peace of Europe preserved will end by losing their patience if bishops and prelates are to use in every State to create difficulties for their respective Governments. The approaching sanctification of the Blessed Sabre is only an excuse to summon all the bishops to Rome to receive verbal instructions. What is going on in Spain at the present moment is but the beginning of a campaign initiated by the Ultramontanes to cause serious embarrass ments to the different Governments of Europe. Be this as it may, there seems to be some indications of a rapprochement between France and the Vatican. A telegram from Leghorn announces the arrival there of M. Emile Ollivier, the Minister of NapolenllL, on his way to Rome. A Leghorn paper states that M. Ollivier has always remained on good terms with President Gre'vy, and mentions a rumour that he is empowered to sound the Pope confidentially as to his views with regard to to a new concordat, the object of which would be to put an end end to the the religious conflict- in France. As regards Spain the Government are using no uncertain language to the representatives of the Church. In a sitting of the Senate Committee, the Bishops of Salamanca, Santiago, and Barce lona delivered speeches strongly opposing the Civil Marriage Bill ; and, in reply, the Minister of Justice stated that the Govern ment were negotiating with the Vatican for an arrangement of the question, and trusted that a favourable result would be obtained ; but should it prove otherwise, the Govern ment, following the precedents afforded by Spanish history, would maintain the principal clauses of the Bill, and most resolutely uphold the prerogative of the State. Considerable applause followed the speech, and this may be regarded as significant of Spanish feeling .on the questions that are being forced into prominence. Well may the Bishop of Nantes, in the face of all that is transpiring, entreat the Pope not to leave Rome, for it is difficult to suggest anyplace as a more suitable resi dence. Yet His Holinesst wliilst asserting that for his own part he wished for nothing better than to stay in the Eternal City, is said to have added that if the insults and threatenings against his person become more acute he will oe compelled to leave. Eng land's relations with the Holy See are still discussed, and the Standard^ expects before long some important intelligence of Mr. Ernngton's so-called, mission. It affirms that if the proposal to accredit a diplomatic agent from England to the Vatican be carried into execution the cause must be looked for in Ireland, and in Ireland alone. It would, however, entirely fail as a mode of tranquil lizing that country, and, continues the Stan dard, 'under any circumstances such a policy, employed for such an end, would be unworthy of a Government like that of Eng land. It would be not only an anachronism; it would be a scandalous confession of political impotence.' Commenting in terms 'of contempt on the display .of the American flag in the Lord Mayor s procession, and the honour paid to it on that occasion, the Toronto Globe, which stigmatized it as 'International Flapdoodle,' said that ' every Yankee will laugh hugely at the curious response to the audacious salute at Yorktown of the British flags, which the salutant had just been dragging gleefully through the mud.' The Globe went on to allege that it was too evident that Englishmen hoped to get something by awk wardly offering confectionery to the States, and that it was no less clear that Jonathan would accept the sweetmeats without giving any substantial return, and would regard it as a good time to take a little something of value out oFGreat Britain-, in support of which assertion it alluded to 'Secretary Blaine's insolent Panama Canal Memorandum, backed up by United States journals that accept Bull's toffy with readiness.' Attention is directed to this article by Professor Goldwin Smith, who says that the paper in which it is published has an extensive circulation in Canada, and is taken by Americans to be the chief mouthpiece of Canadian opinion. He then proceeds to use language which may perhaps be intended to apply in a certain sense to other colonies than Canada. ' You see here,' he lemarks, ' the real effect of sending out Conservative noblemen as Gover nors-General, with their little courts to culti vate pseudo- aristocraticsentimentinacountry where aristocracy never can take root, and to rake, whether they exactly intend it or not, the expiring embers of the old feud ' between the two great portions of the English race. The guarded and decorous anti- Americanism of a viceregal oration is translated into such language as you read below by ultra-loyal organs, which, by-the-way, find themselves on the present occasion in direct opposition to the gracious action of the Queen. American journals retort. The Panama Canal question, to embroil which seems the immediate object of this writer, or some other question, is under discussion between the Governments. Feeling becomes inflamed perhaps on the eve of a Presidential election, A candidate for the Presidency bidding for the Irish vote pounces on the cjuarrel; and in a moment the work of reconciliation is undone. When the Panama Canal question is settled the fisheries question will present itself, and the liability is always present.' The agitation respecting the appointment of Mr. Sendall as Governor of Natal con tinues, and the St. James's Gazette recom mends the colonists to persevere in their resistance, quoting the successful opposition of Victoria in 1854 to the appointment of the Hon. Mr. Stonor as one of the Judges of the Supreme Court, and the still more en couraging ^precedent of the same year, when the Hon. Francis Lawley, who had been Mr. Gladstone's Private Secretary, was nominated to the Governorship of South Australia. On receipt of the news of the appointment, 'the people of South Australia' (says the St. James's) 'usually the least turbulent of colonists, were, thrown into a violent excitement. Indignation meetings were held in Adelaide and all the chief towns of the colony, and so strong was the popular feeling that a project for shipping the new Governor home again on his arrival was seriously mooted, and would have been carried out had not the Colonial Secretary decided to withdraw Mr. Lawley.' The people of Natal, it is held, 'would be amply justified in refusing to receive Mr. Sendall as their Governor ; and the example of Victoria and South Australia may fairly encourage them to believe that if they persist in their refusal the fate which befell Mr. Gladstone's nominee in 1854 may be that of his selection in 188L' Referring to this question at Liskeard, the Under-Secretary for the Colonies naturally justified the selection made by his chief. Mr. Courtney argued that the circumstance of Mr. Sendall's being unknown is no indication of his want of fitness, and referred to what he termed the ' hubbub' when Lord JuBtice Blackburn was made a Judge, where an un known man had become one of the most emi nent wearers of the ermine. In the fact that the situation in South Africa is far from being settled or satisfac tory Mr. Courtney sees another argument in support of Mr. Sendall's appointment, contending that as a matter of self-interest the Colonial Secretary would choose the best available man. Mr. Courtney says:— 'The best man \70uld under all circumstances be selected for a colonial post wherever it was, and in the present situation in Natal it would be a crime if a good man were not sent out, and the notion that any other motive has in fluenced the selection of a particular gentle man than that of public duty and policy is altogether unfounded.' 