B o v ^ H s t b y s l o w d e g r e e s . A. STORY OF AUSTRALIA. CHAPTEB XXXIV—(Continued.) BKALEXANDER -MONTGOMERY. MTBOfc OP " IIUI FEttoW FABNESEi" " I romembei'.liis appearance well; as I saw him on the day of his departure for Veniooi Tall, strong, and somewhat rugged of feature, hencvertheless presented e, favourable contrast to the little, weakly, degenerate beings into which the Old Woman race, has in too many Instances, -deteriorated, He was strong' ly affected at parting from the sister, who had been a mother to him as well, but he was a man: of gi'eat self-control, and no ' tear showed itself in his deep iset eye; as m; mother hung weeping on . his shoulder. • ' shall never see you again,' she Baid. You will be plotting against the Austrians,' and they are even more remorseless > than——,* she did not finish tho sentence_for-wall» had cars in Rome, at the time. "It is in (Sod liands,' he answered. '.If the saorifice of my life for Italy should be called for—much us it grieves me to part from you, my sister—I shall not hesitate to render it like a Soman.' "Well, he went to Venice, and' obtained a situation in a noble family there; as' tutor, to the only son, but, Boon ho wrote to us, that matters in Venice were no better than in Homo; oppression was the order of the day, and, what was .mope intolerable—foreign oppression. I need Boaroely tell you' that' Sin aldo joined the patriotic band, which labour, ed ceaselessly to,-arouse the dormant spirit pf liberty. Bis pupil, an idle and selfish young man, displayed, or pretended^ a leaning towards the national 4ause, so that, • though Rinaldo trusted him but little, the traitor became, acquainted with many particulars concerning the. society, -and, some time < after, lily uncle, had left Venice, this: opntemptible wretch communicated all he - knew to tlie Austrian authorities. Binaldo yme then livng in the" fatnily ^^a Mila^e^en^enian, uncle was treated in. every respect/as' one of the family, to the members of which he soon became much attached. His plotting- never ceased for .a'imoment, however, and hifore long, ;he became one of itho most trusted .agents of lie society in Milan. •• , "Then..came the disoovery. Signor Bfo rzetli'e residence w&b; situated several miles from Milan, and, one morning, while the family ivern at,break£ast, an aSrighted servant rushed ip, with neyfB that a detaohment of Austrian troops was surrounding the house. Sjgaor fjfprzetti looked inquiringly at my uncle; ' Fear nothing,' said the latter —' there is nothing to compromise yon 1' and tlie next moment an Austrian officer entered the room, JpUowed by his white-coated men. ' This is otfr jiHan,' he said, in German;— pointing to my uncle,' but seize and search them all.'. * What the ohildren,'too,captain ?' asked (he sergeant to whom the order was given. ' -Yes, the children, too,' said the flaxen-haired scoundrel. • Accursed whelps of an Italian.dam 1—If I had my way, they should be bayoneltcd before they were old enough to plot against the Emperior; Search the mother first.' " I must tell you " —interjected Paola—" that the distinguishing characteristic of Austrian brutality towards Italians, was that it made no- distinction of sex, the women being treated by these inowardiy barbarians wilh.au atrooity of which no other -civilised nation would-be capable. Can you wonder that we hate tbem?":ishe cxclaimed, raising her clenched hand in tho air, while ah unwonted flush burned upon lier cheek. "'Can you wonder that my father—citizen of the world, as he is—would almost die sooner than sit at the same tabic with an Austrian? "Well, to resume. Two of the wliitc-coated machines had advanced to lay hands on the torified ond shrinking Signora Sforzctti, when Hinaldo, with a sudden effort, shook off the men who hold liim, and knocked the Austrian captain down. My uncle was a powerful young man, and, when the half-stunned officer was helped to bis feet again, it was seen, that ins cheek was split open from eye to mouth and the flln front of his 1-. * white v.. uniform drenohed -. . , with blood. 'Bind his arms I' he cried, as ?oon as he could speak, for fury. ' Down 0 tho court-yard with him!' 'Oh, what jrou going to do ?' cried Signora Sforzetti, "Mgmg herself on her kuees before itlic Olhcer; 'spare him, for God's sakel' 'Do with him?' echoed the Austrian, 'If you , uu '"?}' out of that window for five minutes, you will see what I do with him! Downstairs with him, instantly I' " With his arms bound, my uncle was JUKMj' draggeddownstairs, and placed against We wall °f tbe court-yard, while a party of soldiers was ranged on the side opposite to Signor Sforzetti described the terrible ™ur afterwards, in a letter to my mother, •jue morning sun shone full into Einaldo'e »1n! 8 V "U, ' 18 heRazod, without a tremor. " ue °f executioners in front of him; scared countenanobfl looked dowii from ™ny a window round, and a flock of pigeons, "•strange contrast with the spirit of tho „r" c -' liuttei-ed and cooed about the dovecote, Kin™, ,? doomed man's head. 'Binaldo- X ctiod Sforzetti, pressing forward •Oni no message for your siBter? •til i. ' returned' by nnole, steadily Tl„" I died for Italy, and died like S i' l' ar ™ell to yourself, Sforzeta. h"t ,® tm " bound will think twice before another Italian woman.' • Beady I 1 , ," 4 captain to the firing party. | resent I What how ?' he added, angrily, to Er« nan , 1 ' who tQ uched him on the arm u L / V 1 ^ 8nd fatal word could be ihc heutenant whispered in hia hS™ 8 Ba , r ' anfl ' a few moments ' o S •"' tho ordered his men ",?f„ arme again. 'Binaldo Oaraffa,' u'' ' your Reason is aU discovered, inp l 0 am P 1<5 P roo£ 0 of it; and by shootno,w for.your insolent attack upon annii/, . y ant feipate the fate which your liiv,° U 'fi i Un ' one condition ofall ' mUbeB Pared. Give up the nomei ritiea S, r ,rrP licea ' acquaint the autlio I ventn " 1 , ae > i8 °f your conspiracy, and promise you, not only life, but reward.).,r>;IJ>etfl.-sw»! a> idcaa;,«ilonooi;' the pcfaqMUIfwindlaft? -.JM*' hc|j3/«iot; hoard & \void,pf wh&tUadbemwidtohim.; ., ,; ,j ,'^pisidet'welly<,sa»d-.thc Austrian; *I will ask you,three tlnus./ Oqioe I' .$<> sound, but th?g8ntla.qooQf:thBpig9onB,anfltherUBtle,()|f thtij poplara. in ithe: breeze. 'Twicel' The prisoner., eoippressed : ibis-proud, lips, but uttered not aword tiUtho> third, And last . typrning had been given, when, withacontemptpoussmije, helooked tho officer full in the ,iwx..i ^VivaVXtalia /'--;hpsaid, andthat was all.,, -With a fiercestampjof bis foot, theieaptail} tuined to Jiia men—the rapid words o! .command were, followed'by the crash of- the volley—and' Rinnldo Caraffa bod sealed his [patriotism with his blood.'.' conq\uded, And;I felt jny o*TO blood strangely stirred, -as piuohby the dramaticf oroe Vitjb yliiifh she had,told the story,' as by thelragio interest ol the tale itself. ,'.. ,,. "There is a future for .Italy yet," I'thougfyt, ;as I.lpoked .at Sher.- - "^he-anoient spirit of her people maybe buried—it is not deadl" CHAPTEB XXXV. I wonder much how the Reverend Sleekie will get on with Mucklebody," said Walter, as we drove up- to M'Phun's residenoe—a neat little lmburbau establishment, surrounded by carefully-kept'grounds; • " Sleekie'I—is he 'to be of the party, then ?" "'Suifto'Sjel,' IJiss M'OranTde—M'Phun's Laiint, yoif iboiy—•wpi4Snv'i;leave him .out bn n'ny aedpunt, so you may make up your mind to the infliotion."' • Andv accordingly, when we • entered the drawingroonvthe first person we beheld was the 'Reverend Samuel, seated opposite to- a risk-looking, little, olcl lady; with bright, black j-ps, ' arid ,shorti' . iron:'grey curls on eaeh emple/ Besidea tlfe host,, there 'was only ne other person present, arid I was, in due oprse. introduced to Miss Alison U'Orankie rid Mr. Thorpe Shutcr. i. The latter-was a all,.good-looking. young man;- with unruly rown hair; a keen, intelligent 'face,' and a tyle .of speaking that'reminded one of the mmortal Mr. Alfred Jingle. ';' " Muc)tlebody hasn't arrived yet," said 'Fhun—"norFysdie; ,Hafeyouseenanyhing of ^ipsMi&'utor,?•'.,. • . .. -., ', '"'SS^ hitn'. ihifl mpniing,'! lanswarqd Mr. lipter, pi41iiig'jtjie»end ,iOf a .straw-colored oustacher-r" not: sinco. Certain to be-here irectly, though. Sure card; Fysshe." "Is it not- woefnl-'thing," put in Mr. leekie, "that the ungodly inhabitants of this and are so much given nnto the pernicious u4 eonl-destroying practice of citM- playing,' hat even in their prdinary oonversataon they do use the language, thereof I" ... ,.-:. v" What's the manpiaan ?" asked Shuter, n an undertone, of M'Phun. , '' The latter smiled. • " Because you called ysshe a sure card, I suppose," he answered, 1 in the same ton^ ' "Don't mind the man;'he sa- pnj(£ff€of tay'ftuntV ' .-' ; ; "HuBil' Must ijat mMk b^.tlj'e'iiaid;' then-" said Shuter.. : '" He^'s ^ibe ^ at last.'" • ;;: .„'•/•, '.' .. • • ' '" Alia, ilucklcbody #180,'' said ihe host— to.ju^gefrwWse." ••• •> -.i • . JEhe Sootchman's loud and jovial tones were nowifaeard from bslow, and he presently mode lus appearanoo in company witha palefaced-and; eolanri-cyed young man,' who.was (mriounoed sa Mr. Dionysius Pysshe. ,! 'Mr. Fyesh'c, ,-who wi^dabb&tely; atfired, wa0 as- '--J Wil I tresr reporter, he epq^e , exactly as he -wrote, and raupremsly. Juiicrous was the eflect of his importation into private life of the exalteft ihraseology of the paragraphia^ But if Mr, ryaehe's dnss was rMnarkable in one .direction, Mr.' Muoklebody's was no leSB so in another, • He had thrnst himself fedmehow into < a brash-buttoned pwallow-tail, iop. which was as SBiall in size ,aa it was superannuated .in fashion, flnd indeed, as he sooninformed pa, it had belonged to his grandfather, who was " but a wee bit o' a body, bat still, for the sake o' auld -long syne, he didna like,to pairt wi' the coat." From the narrow sleeves of this garmfent -projected about six inches of long wrist, plentifully gafnished with red hair, while the'foils'thereof, dividing gracefully ^lout midway up the wearers back, came to a laughable and untimely conclusion somowhere in the region of his hips. From beneath his rough red beard stood out tho ends of an immense white bow, and the glitter of a massive gold watch chain con trastcd strikingly with the chromatio glories of a l4rian waistcoat. - Very well satisfied with himself, nevertheless, was Mr. Muclilcbody, and,having shaken the hand of Miss M'Crankie wiUi a goodwill, which made the little lady wince, he turned to bo.introduced to the rest of the company. The moment his eye fell upon ihe countenance of SJeekic, however, bis jovial grin disappeared, his bushy eyebrows contracted, and he stood for a -moment, as if in thought. " Ay, to be sure 1" he said, half-aloud, as lie acknowledged Sleekie's bow with a short nod, and then turned unceremoniously aw-dy. " Our Caledonian friend appears to have seen the- parson before," said Shuter to me: " Recollection don't seem to be a pleasant one, does it ?" Then we went down to dinner, and, after tf long and elaborate grace had been pronounced by Mr. Sleekie, Miss M'Crankie .inquired if I did not think Melbourne an awfully wicked city. " You do not kijow it yet," she said, with shake of her head, when 1 had answered that did not think it was specially so. " It only those who go about, as I do, trying to win souls to to the true fold, who become aware of the real \yiolfedne36 of Melbourne. And I may truly say," went on the little lady, with a glance at Mr. Sleekie, "that I have done some good by my efforts." The Reverend Samuel groaned, as if in doubt of his fact. " Mr. Sleekie does not agfee with me on this point, -I know," said Miss M'Crankie. "He says that. tlie Chprch of tbe Purified Few is oontple(o—that ye carinot make any more additions to its numbers, but, though he is my pastor,.! venture to differ from him thorc." The Reverend grossed more lamentably than before, and M'Phun looked. at me with a twinkle in his eye. " Mr. Bloekic, is .ill, I fear," ho said.. . " 111 in mind, my friend," said. Mj. Bleekite —''not in body; I am troubled for the wickedness of tbis generation! " Hoot,' »wa, man!" . said. Mucklebody; " the generation's,no that bad.ava I A dinna conseeder mysel' sae muokle a sinner, an' whaurye'll find ane waur than me, ye'll find twa better 1" "Very modest opinion of his own moral status," said Shuter. "The poet," put in Mr. Fysshe, ponderously, " speaks ol the pride that apes humility." " A dinna care a brass bodlc what the poet says," returned Muoklebody. " A'm no apin' humeelity, lipr. anything • else. A'm . onl sayin' they're but fules, these puir, soor riieeserable folk, wha's aye runnin' doon the warld, an' a' that's in it. The warld's a verra gude warld, A say 1" " You are inclined, 1 peroeive, sir," said Fysshe," to favor the optimistic view of the scheme of things." " Optimeestio !—what the deevill—I bog yere pairdpn, mem—the word slipped oot unawares." Miss M'Crankie had half risen from her seat; the lieverend Samuel had thrown up his eyes and- hands in pious horror; and 'Phun was shaking wRh suppressedlaughldr. ' Deil'g jnan.-l"; .^xplaimed the Sootj^> an, aggravating the often oo in his confusion, ye needna. tprn npa your ecu like a flein*, ucket ^j'm .s'orry.a Bps& the wo^d -betpro'^ fedflyj but^A^dinna ken what,for yerieedibc' fe uiucjtle sboel4i at'a ibit aitb. A'm bettfer bquent yn'.ye'iuonye tbecnk, ma pianl". ' "^Veli,'Slr. jMucWlebb^y," said M'Phun, infeposing,./!you,wereisayirig thftt you,think, the world's 'a very good world on the iwhole^' "Ay, meui—that A do; an'4'11 sing yq a song tap that eifeo' after a wee." .•..., "Delighted," said the host.. "Alter Misg M'Crankie has left the tabje, we'll be glad to liearit what.I Was going,to say to you is tbat 'Mr. Shuter, thpre, is a man of youi way i thinking.',', Be oko tlunks the world ,iB a, •eiy£ood,worla.*' ... : .*•"•'''.'5 " A'm glad'.toe hear, it, 1 ' Muoklebody said, turning to ghu^or. ,"Tibat!s the richt.,)vay o' 1 thinking for a youi)^ inari—or an au)d ane ,bitter,,for.that!matter.. Then ye dni'na waift tae hae the warld mendit, Mr. Shuter,?" > Don't go' ao.^r.m &fjh;" said Shuter. 'Many things-ill the wofld that might be mended. , More good than<jUl .aropnd tat, though—if we'd only look for it. .Some people" he went on, with a glance at SVsekic, " speak, of man as naturally cyiland vile-^-' poor^ miserable worm, arid so lortb. Wretched twaddle i Man's a noble being—-wonderful being 1 As much good in him as evil! Mere perversion of language to describe liim as a wrekli, and a' worm',' and all that 1" " Gie's ycre Wa 1 . man," said the enthusiastic Scotchman;" whose dinner potations wete beginning to take effect on him. " Gie's yereWn'l A m prood tac mak yere acquen tanoo' Ma ain thb'chts exae'ly, only .pit-initil words.that,A couldna gie them,, Here's yere verra gude .healtli," and Mr.., Mucklebody swallowed a bumper, as. Miss M'Crankie left the room, followed Ijy a regretful, glance, from Mr. Sleekie, who, though he doubtless considered himself left alone amongst the ungodly, was manifestly .unwilling to desert the good wine, upon which he had already,-done, considerable execution The Reverend Samuel, like riot a few of his stamp, was won't .to grow . more demonstratively holy as he grow more vinous, and, sis the bottle now; circulated rapidly, he soon began' to present!.an edifying, combination pf of cbriety and righteousness. The Scotchman, too, had gro^vn decidedly bacchanalian, and favored us! at intervals . wiUi stiatqlies of " V?illie.,1jrevs;eda pecli! o' inout,!! while Mr. Fysshc's sentences Tiad grown more ponderous and elaborate than ever, and M'Phun's eye twinkled like a star, as he sat observant and amused at the head of the table. .. " Perhaps. Mr. Mucjilcbody would favor us with the lyric Ju its.entirety " soid jfysshe'. "I. venture;to predicate,. irofn, the tpntatiw vocal efforts wit^ vrhich: he has. hitherto ob ligedus, that hi? fieridition of tho .whole would prove eminsivfly satisfactory." " Fyssbe's wo^4s,.fllway8 get longer »s he gets t!psi?r," tipaigr," epidShuter efud ghutcr a^ae,to as^de.to me. "He'll Jle 11 Be utiinteyigibly' magniloquent in jir quarter 'o^aajjour.", . ,, .' . ;.., . ..-,-.;.. • ". Mt' Miicklebody has promised us a song already?'wd the host. fi.VO^t was/itf— something about the world ?" ., - " Ay 1 All just wet ma whustle in' begin ,'. fixed his eyes on Mr. Sleekie, and began, .in a voice ttiat ntade the ceiling ring;— Ye preach (M bujnauity> vile, holy mait, . lAxf. y»jfaie!afifjfSa o' • nuiltj An' tlio warld it is naothiii' hut guile, holy man,' 'An' the varld it is naothhi' but guile.' Ye venture ye're neibors tae damn, hply .man, A11'ye Pay wi* yeie semion'an* .psdm' '! ; That tlie licht-hwirtal timing ' Tadtho'deevil hclfing— Yet A theenk ye are nonght but a sliam, holy man, A theonk'ye are nought but a sham 1 But, snuffle an' snairi as ye will, holy man, We will laugh when it nloaseth uu still; Nae puntan-prcacnin' Can bettor Uio teacliin' Thai there's gude tao be matched wi' the ill, holy .There is gade tao bo matched wi' the ill. , An' this is the short o' it a', holy man— Tho lang.an' the short ,0' it a'— Ye're a Tule for yere pftin6, For the fac* still rcmaiiis That tlWwaild'a no' a bad warld ava, holy man, The ivarld's no a bad warld ava. To this ditty Mr. Sleekie sat listening, with a face that grew longer at every verse. " Bias—blasphemous wretch!" he said, when the song'came to an end. "' I will not remain in the company of such a person," and lie made an effort to get up from the table, but the wine had been too potent—he was fain to sink back in his seat again, and there remain, groaning, and shedding Vinous tears over the sinful Mucklebody. But the Scotchman, who had also taken more than was good for him, now took umbrage at the term which had been applied to him by Sleekie. " Nae rnair blaisphcmous than yersel,' Mr. Sawmcl Sleekie!" he said. "An' e'en if it were sac, a preety fallow ye are tae reprove onybodyl Did ye theenk A dinna ken yc, man 1 Hoe ye forgotten Belfast, an' ye're Uncle Crawford, eh ? An' his son Jack, that was transported, eh? Talk tae me aboot blaisphemy, indeed, ye graceless loon 1 Yersel' was mair than suspcckit 0' boin' at the bottom 0' what yer cousin got a' the blame o- Ay, gentlemen, ye may stare, but it's true I Bis reverence, there—the Reverend Sawmcl Sleekie, at yere sairvice—was in his uncle's coontin-house in Belfast, when A was leevin' there on behalf 0' a Glasgie firm. His cousin, puir Jack. Crawford, had a quarrel wi' the auld man, an' got turned oot 0' doors, an' no verra lang afterwards tlie office was brak intil, an, robbit. Young Crawford was tried for the robbery, an' convected, but before he was sentenced, he declared solemnly, that he hadna touched a bodlc o' the siller, an' that he had only been searchin' for a-bit peecture, that his faither had ta'en awa frae him. The auld jnau didna believe tbis, until a gude bit after Jack was transported, an' then he fand out something, that made Sawmel Bleekie tak leg- bail. A kenned' the fallow, the moment A set ma ccn on liini, but a wadna hae exposed him, if he lmd kccpit his tongue wi'in his teeth. Him an'his blaisphemy, indeed 1" Bleekio's unwholesoine countensnoe grew ghastly pale as he listened, his jaw dropped like that of a corpse, and beads of perspiration stood out upon his brow. But the shock of the exposure partly sobered him, and, rising from'the table, he stammered forth that he did not feel well, and would Mr. M'Phun excuse him for retiring. Mr. M'Phun did eiafase him, aud the Reverend Samuel sneaked out of the room, like the miserable hypocrite he was. "Remarkable Coincidence in Real Life]" murmured Fysshe, who was now half- seasover, and doubtless imagined that he was composing a paragraph. "The Bomance of Facts—Truth stranger than Fiction 1"—with which observations, he suddenly disappeared under the table. He was laid upon a sofa, until, when the porty broke up, some three hours later, he was sufficiently recovered, to take his place in a hansom, with the more hard-headed Scotchman. CHAPTER XXXVI. " What do you think of Shuter ?" said Walter to me as we drove away. "Rather a dry stick," I answered; "but I like the little I've seen of him very well. What is ho?" " Newspaper man." " Why that's what lie told me Fysshe was." " Fysshe is a reporter on the Telephone; Cintra.' , . , .,.->,. ,:.."What—Misstjtorie?" . - -„ . •. . > V,.;,'Yea,- Ruth' B.torie.;, arid. Ruth,,,Stone, I uiiderstanfl, is rio way , unfavourable to nis spit.".;.. V Arid her father?", I, asked. ";Oh,.her father likes Shuter well enough pprsorially, but he. has got an old prejudice against literary men as a class. Hp jsays th§ir's is a lying profession 1" - ,. "Pooh 1 he must be thinking of lawyers " -„(, .'Npt a hit of it I-j-he,has. even » worse \opimoii of Uiem.. AUiU^.X have, .learnt from Shuter, who will,-no);, X suppose, be able ,to see juiy&hing; of .Ihb'dsmw® little,„R»itli now., Cin'tii. thus contains two ladjes who are beyond Uic reach of their true knights!" added "Walter, 'with a laugli and ,a -sigh,—" but this knigli^ fpr one, is riot going to, despair. |Y<iu will come with me next wcejj tq see .the Cup run, I,supi>ose." .... '" Yes," I answered, noticing at the same time, the association of his hopes' vrith the gi;ea( race—" I will come, of course, but I wish ypu would not build so much on that event. You've -never, told me tbe name of tills wonderful'dark horse, that is to make, your fortune." "Well, I'll tell you now—in confidence, of coure-;; it's Isandula, one of, Jardirie's horses." "Isandula,'. v I repeated—"an oininous name, Walter 1" , . . " Ominous ? oil, you're thinking of that .affair with the K^irs., Pobt 1—there's ;nothing ill'that." 1 " I don't say there is', 1 'I i-nswered," hut ,would rathertjie important animal.had borne a less inauspioious name.. Ib "King of'the outh" still first favourite?" ; , ; ""Yes; he holds Jbis ploce in tho betting, as irm as a rock. What a crash It will be when e is defeated ?". . "I don't like to see you so confident, Walter;" I said '-'.you may. be preparing a crash lor yourself !" i: .. . ', But the over-Hinguine Waller only laughed. The Cup cpiildr set matters right witii him, he said, and the Cup elioidd set them right 1,., A bright flu^h rose upon Bufh $tpne's fair cheek, wlien, next'morning, 5l; incidentally mentioned Shuter, Rs joaying^eeb at thc,party at'M'Hiun's.j'i .The blue,eyes stole is. swift glance at me,_and ,Oien dropppd demurely towardsha coffee-cup. .. • • "Ah, Sbuter is, Hie "right ,^an, then.l;' I said to myiself,'' " As.iaV-.as the, Jady,herself is concerned, at least. A prMipus. rival.he has got in ,tbat vulgar,scoundrel, Harrisori l" " Sbuter?" said the Count. " Let me see— 'i vijB introduced to a man of that name, at d ^meeting ol pie, Victorian Boyal Society. A.'literary man, I think; tall, with a light' 'irioustaohe." " Tho same," 1 answered-, " What, is Ilia branch of .literature, do youknow?" .,., " Oh, he's only sub-editor of a newspaper I" "I like not that depreoiative 'only,' my friend," said the Count, beginning thoughtfully to pace the room. " It is curious that people are so ptone to undervalue the greatest'of all the arts. -'Scribe,' 'scribbler,' 'hack,' and bo on, are terpisthat often come very glibly from the 'tbrigues of,men, wliolack the ability necessary to make a, third-rate ' scribbler.' 1 " You call literature the greatest ot aU the arts,!'I said;," I cannot agieo-^1 "- there!"-. " . J liave expressed my meaning," returned the Count, " if I had ,colled it the most, final and comprehensive of 'them, Other arts have their origin and basis in the'mind of man—the literary art is the direct reflex of that mind itself. It is, in a eense. too, the substitute for, and the reproduction of, all other arts. A noble building, a fine painting, or a grand piece of sculpture would have no existence for the man who had never seen it, ttere not the literary art able to present It to him in a subjective form. Then, but for the intercommunication of ideas, what would man's existence be worth? and what is literature but a method of communication which sets time and distance at defiance—which brings us into direct contact with the minds 01 other .ages, as it does with the thought of our own time all the world 'over ? In a word, so impressed am I with the importance and dignity of a calling which is the immediate vehicle of that intelligence upon which all other pursuits depend for their Very existence, that I hesitate to speak with disparagement of its most humble votary." " But you are not going to deny," I said, " that a superficial thinker may write glibly enough, wliUe a profounder one may have a smaller gift of expression." "Far from it; but if the.latter does not find some adequate means of expression, how can it ever be known that he is a profound thinker? He has cither to remain uncomprelicndcd, or take advantage of the ability of somebody else to translate his ideas into fitting words. My experience, howevor, is that the man who writes really well is never a 1111111 of inferior mental power. Without considerable intellectual capacity and development, there cannot exist that nice discrimination between approximate shades of meaning, that keen perception of the relative values of terms, aud that accurate estimation of the adequacy of the expression to the impression which must unite to constitute a good writer, as distinguished from a merely grammatical " But all this applies to speaking as much as to writing." " Certainly," admitted the Count; "and speaking and writing arc, for the purposes of niany arguments, the same thing. But, litem scripta vmnet, you know; wliile the spoken word dies at its birth, the written word may live for thousands of years, or may travel for thousands of miles." " Well, Count, the literary folk ought to be obliged to you for your defence'of their profession. It has many enemies—from those in high places who would strangle, if they could,' the Press, down to those who ignorantly think that bodily labour is more honourable or more arduous than ihental." " There is really no question' of greater or loss honour in the matter," was the reply- " if people would but look at it in its true light. All honest employments are worthy of equal respect, as interdependent factors in the great social problem." " But you don't expect to convert the world to that doctrine ? " said Paola. " Certainly not, my dear,"' returned her father '; " humanity will make it's social distinctions to the end of time. Still, I think a more general recognition of the theory would remove much absurd misconception as to the relative importance of the various kinds of world's work." " I have hoard my father say," put in the quiet voice of Ruth Stone, "that those are no friends of the working-man who would persuade him that lie is the only important member of society. My father, as perhaps thou knowest, hath been himself a workingman, so that lie speaketh without prejudice.' "All men are—or ought to be—workingmen," returned the Count; " but I suppose your father referred to the manual labourer, the modern tendency to exalt whom is easily explainable. It is the return-swing of the pendulum of opinion, from the time when the man who wrought with his hands was foolishly and ignorantly deprecated and looked down upon. Action and reaction 1" he added, os he left the room; " it must ever be so! The pendulum must keep on swinging until the Clock of the World runs down for ever! " "Thy father takelli a more favourable view 'of..ilii).literary,"profession than mine,'.';said ButK-ty'jPaflJat. ..•-,...• '.„; i "Does your 'hither diiiappiipye ot it^. tbBnj?" . ' HlfeaJnelwiQi tfyit'lo, write for* tfte'.press, is. .lb .midoaid 'the pptyio, and to write fiction is'to write lies)', JTiiat is an extreme view of tho case,cer-: (airily," said I^aola. ;"It .Is not, Mr, Bayniond?". ..,'. ., .,''..''•; '•'•.. . , ' . . " tbs," I relied ; " and one which J^hould not have .expected, from' Mr. Stone, judging from what .I have seen of him.'.' -, "He saith, moreover," went 011, Ruth, " that mere-word spinning is not. to .be,aalled work."., , .-..•• " Bo you agree with him ?". I aikei,'8omowhat maiiciously . • „,,-, The little pmiden ehookhc): head-. ,',' I am Jjpt a girl," ^e said,and judge pot iwell of such maUera, but I thinkitliiikt.as mankind is governed by . [opinion, larding apd ,direotipg of,.that, opinion (sanhof be considered a!ri unworthy employment.' .. * . . '•Why, yoii ar^qpitc a little philosopher I" iid Paola. ;; Why didn't you help, to disouss the question just now?!! , , ."Nay,it becomcth not a maiden to' say much before those who are older and. wise* Paola laughed. " t fear that ..would bo strange doctrine in the ears o£ a , good many Australian maidens," she said. . ','^But the Count would be pleasbd ip hear you; .he says, young women .with ratiorial opinions' arc scarce." ' • ", ,,.,... " With regard ,to literary men, Miss'Buth," I said, " perhaps your lather's acquaintance with them is limited. Does' he Know any?'' Yea—nay—that is, yea)'/ returned tht Quakeress, hesitating and blushing, ,in. a way .that made .Paola, look at .her in astonishment. He knowetb the gharpo Shutei , .of whom thou didst spejak just, now.,.,Think not"— she added, hastily—" tha(,, I call the .young map by his first name out of familiarity ; itrio but the' u^ge of our .people,. wherefore. 1 beg thee also to .pall me Rutn." "By .all means .Miss—^-Ruth,,.J. mean. But. I- thint Mr.„Sbuter a.yery good.fallow, andlji^Yeno doubt-your,father wiU modify his opinions in-lhoppurse of time.'-' ,]{ 1 - The girl understood, and ,gaye .me a grateful glance, as the blush again rose on her cheeltr " Ruth's- affections sip-evidently seriously concerned," I rfatd fo mjself.'and Paola looks miglitly mystified^ but I have no' doubt the whole story mil be confided to' her, before many honrs have passed. CHAPTEB XXXVII. At last'come the day-of the Melbourne Cup \---fraught with importance and anxiety, to so many besides Walter . Addison. I had 1 heard that the attendance at the great race of the year was usually.•something'Bstonishing, considering the population of the colony, but I .was npt prepared for, the sight that met my eyes, wben larrivedat theraoeconrso. '(Why, Walter," I said, "there must be hundred ; thousand, people here, at the Very least, and your population ie - under a mil lion ?" - • . i " Every Victorian is hete to-day, who could possibly como," ,was the reply;" and thore are some thousands from the other colonies a~ well. But let me show you round a little the first race doesn't start till one o'clock.'" . where those distinctive types of colonial life, which were wanting upon the lawn of the grand-stand. The occupants of the more select enclosure were like well-dressed, .well-to-do people, other parts.of .the world, and, save for the prevalence of yellow silk coats, amongst the men, and a tendency towards the outrS in the dress of the women—an absence of fashion able indifference in the former sex, and an ex aggcrotion -of it in the latter—the scene might' as well have been laid, at Epsom, as at Flem ington. But elsewhorc was much to interest and amuse ,thc stranger.. From the three- card' swindler to the petty bookmaker—from the stereotyped negro minstrel to the timehonoured Aunt -Sally—all the usual concomit ants of an English racecourse were present , but, upon the people who betted, or listened, or looked on, was visible the stiunp of their adopted country. TJie Melbournite, brisk and wide-awake-as the Londoner, had generally rough-and-ready downrightness about him. as well, which bespoke a former acquaintance with adventure and emergency,' and, the bearded buslunan, with his swarthy face and bandit-looking hat, had a swashing,Califbmian way with him, which was the direct opposite of tlie stolidity of tho English yokel, , Not dull countenance nor a slouching figure was to be seen; all looked alert, keen, and inde pendent; the swiftly circulating blood of young country gave its unmistakable character to the scene. And it was the same the hill, where the charge foradmission might have been supposed to indicate a higher social stratum. Here was the mechanic, brighter and . more prosperous-looking than his brother of England, side by side with the bush dandy, in horsy coat and composite riding-trousers ; hero the small tradesman, with his well-clad family; the clerk, with his pale face and fingers; the old and young; the town and country; hut all with tho indefinable Australian stump upon face and figure— upon garment and manner. Suddenly the bell rang out from below us. " Saddling bell for the first race." said Walter. •' We may as well stop here and see it. We've a capital view of the course." Presently the horses oamo out for their preliminary canter; horses as good as any in the old country—appointments as complete —everything reproduced, down to the historic dog that ran his frantic and solitary career after the course had been cleared. Then came the race, with its false starts, its varying fortunes, its final moments of breathless excitement, and its eagerly scanned verdict of numerals. "Now we'll get down to the lawn." snid Walter. "I should like to sec the horses saddled for the next race. After that comes the great struggle, which means ruin to so many here this day." " Have you steeled yourself to the cliance of failure ?".I asked. " I have," he answered. " It would be a blow, but not a very severe one in a pecuniary sense, while, as to the other consideration, I should still have Hope left. What are you 'looking at?" " Only the Count's .gardener!" I answered, for my eye had.just fallen upon Derrick amongst the crowd on the hill. He was standing about ten yards away, talking to a man, whose face I could not at first see, but, as we altered our position, I caught a glimpse of his features, and was startled to recognise the burglar, whoso acquaintance I had made under the auspices of Mr. Jinker. My suspicions of the mysterious gardener returned in full force. "Derrick shall explain this to-morrow," I said to myself. " The Count's valuables have not been sent to the bank yet, and when I find the man in company with a notorious burglar, it is time for decisive measures!" One of the first persons we met in the grand-stand enclosure was Bill Crusher, with the orthodox raoe-glass slung across his broad shoulders, and the orthodox white hat' and green veil surmounting his hard-featured visage. '•(To be continued) MOUNTAIN REGULATORS. COL. GKOlum W. RYMONPR. My tost introduction to tlie Regulators was romantic, and decidedly dime novelisb. Although I liad.'Jiad considerable experience s acquaintances werd chiefly " moonshiners."-r I liad heard muah about the strength of the new vigilantenrder," but,- gave little:credence to the .marvellous stpries that tvere tOlfl respecting the eolidity, Teapectahility,' andvdiBCipUne Of that famous jnoboeraoy whioh haB ^ ruled mountain Kentucky for the past,four drears .with on iron hand;—which.hoa Committed many outrages, made many mistakes, but, .withal,- rendered the mountain counties safe to live in, and driven out the desperadoes and outlaws. The agent for: my divison, early in the month of Juno,,1678, sent me on a mission of importance into one. of the riob blue gfass counties, which county, by the way, boasts of more prettj.-ppmqn;,;iast horses, fat Durliams, antf-fiii4 WhisMjy, than any spot «f like size in the warld. Reliable information had bpen frooeivEd i Bt the headquarters of (he Secret Servioc in Washington City, that an ex: tenBivo gang of counterfeiters had opened'a 'mint hot far from the famous Blue Lick Spring, and were ••manufacturing at wholesale, the most dangerous character of " queer" money. The rendezvous of flic gang was riot definitely located, and I was detailed to'fspot" their -liiding-plaoe, Accordingly,' I went out on the Kentucky Central Railroad, to the little town from which I was to make a start; procured a ihoree, and rode leisurdy through the town into the open country. It was four o'clock in the afternoon,' as I left -the hotel. Reaching the borders of the town; I spurred' my horse into a gallop and turned into the first road I oame to, Tunning in the direction of.tho setting Bun. , I had a. theory—whioh aftertvards - proved a true one—that the gang were located in an isolated and heavily timbered belt of country, running from the orders of- the blue-gra&s; lands out into the atrten ridgeit .of. Bobertson County. I was horoughly posted respecting the roads, was rovided with a good: poBt-road map and a ocket compass,; and had no fears of losing yself. • • I have negleoted to say that I had had no sleep the night before, and the stillness of this old house, broken only by the patter of the rain, and soughing of the wind among the trees, acted on tired nature with soporific cffect. A dozen times I sank into a doze, tobe aroused by a crash of thunder. Finally, the storm' abated and the thunder died away in angry and'faet receding growls. The fire burned down on the hearth, and weird shadows crept into the corners of the room. A strange hush fell upon the house, the pipe slipped from my grasp and I fell into a pro found sleep. ' How long I slept 1 do not know, but I awoke finally out of a troubled dream, to find the room brightly illuminated and crowded with strange fantastic figures. Fitting climax to my dream! I started up and- stared about me with wondering eyes. Before I oould express my astonishment one of the figures addressed me, and, in spite of the muffled voice and feigned accent, I thought I recognised the familiar tones of my old friend, Lance Worthington. The figure was clad in a long, flowing robe of white, which shrouded it from bead to foot. The head- piece of the mask was pierced with holes for oyes, nose, and mouth. The others were similarly disguised, and I could almost fancy myself at the secret meeting of some knightly order in the Feudal Age. " You need not be alarmed," said the shrouded figure: " You are among friends, colonel. We mean you no harm, and we do not intend' that you shall do us any harm. You arc surrounded by Regulators. If you are one of us, make yourself known. If not a member of the order, our High Priest will administer the oath of allegiance, and soon make you one." " You need not disguise your voioe, for I recognise you," said I, recovering my selfpossession. You are Lance " " Stop 1" interrupted a dozen voices, and I saw the gleam of a dozen pistol barrels under the folds of the white shrouds. "You will consult your own safety and know no one here," said a tall fellow standing at the foot of the sofa. I saw that his pistol covered my heart, and was silent. " You may think this an idle masquerade, but I assure you it is the reverse," said the figure which I thought Lance Worthington. " We are Begulators, and have met for business." "Well?" I interrogated rather tauntingly. " We perfectly understand that you are here by accident, and have no intention of spying on our actions. Nevertheless, selfpreservation is the first law of nature, and you must join our order." " Suppose I object to such forced membert • b h A lowering sky indicated a possible storm. y 9 o'clock a heavy cloud swept across the anopy of stars overhead, and dint out the feeble light of the young moon. There was a distant rumble of thunder, and the southesjlern sky was illuminated by livid flashes of .cleotrio fire. A few pattering rain-drops warned me that the storm 1 was clqse at hand, and I discovered -that in the hurry of departure I had neglected to bring my gum coat and legginjgs. I did not fancy a wetting, and began to look about me for a place of shelter. The night had grown intensely dark, and a solid Avail of black encompassed me on every hand. This .gloom was occasionally pierced by a-flash of lightning, enabling me to see objects dose at hand. A particularly v^vid flash, just as the train began to fall-in earnest, brought out, in full relief, on the right band side of the road, the outlines of a gloomy-' looking stone building, the front of which was thickly covered with ivy, clinging in tangled masses from'the ground to the' tops of the : dormer -windows; I pulled up my horse p,nd waited for another flash. It oame, and I saw that the istone pile -was a ruin, and uninhabited.. I had hoped, for a hospitable farm mansion, a warm supper, arid a comfortable bed, but the rapidly falling rain did not admit of indecision. Dismounting, I led my horse through the gate, whiol, I ioanil after much groping, and guided- him through an open -""flwn^iuhj-uje gf tho rooms 01 tiie stone ruin. \- Lighting a little pocket lantern, which I always carried, I looked about me.- The room in which I found myself was bare and without floor. I did not notioe at the titne that it had been used as a stable before. The fibor above was intact, and I-was glad to get shelter from the rain, which was now descending in torrents. Removing the saddle; I tethered my horse to a projecting hook in one corner of the room olid started about on a tour of exploration. There were eight rooms on the ground floor, all spacious and in ruins. A broad hall-way bisected tho house, at the far end of which a dilapidated stairway Jed to the upper story. The rooms on the seoond floor were in a better state of preservation, and one oould not help being impressed with the idea that the mansion must at one time have been a noble pile. Two or three of the rooms contained odd pieces of furniture, once rich and costly. In one of the best furnished rooms I determined to take up my abode for the night. Some shreds of carpet clung to the floor, the walls were hung with faded tapestry, and the glassless windows were protected by heavy oaken shutters, fantastically ' carved and brightly poliBhcd. A ponderous sofa, covered with decaying haircloth, occupied one corner of the room. 1 dragged it out to the fire-plac brushed away the dust, started a blaze 011 the hearth, and, lighting my pipe, stretohed out at full length on the sofa, to wonder at my strange situation, and marvel, between the whiffs of smoke, over the cause of the ruined grandeur around .me. hip?" I ventured, and looked about lor ] istols. . - ' They were gone 1 ':';". "The order deals vigorously with all \ isobey tts commands 1" cried a muffled vt n my ear. ' You do not mean—?" . I cried, start Hp. "Be quiet, old fellow," interrupted oice which I recognised Reliance Worthii §1 on's. "Let me advise you. This housein wh ou have taken shelter is the nometime r< ezvous of one ol . the stron-'est llegula odges in theBtate. , »W<t number 250 me wtH ere, .and uytA monvW nearly all Mv^mHrnit'titlniffht. arislfaesent' to-night, 1 are all armed, and your pistols afe ih c possession. This meeting is accidental, I the rules of tho order are imperative arid y mustbeoomd one of us." " Suppose I refHse? " I Baid. " Then y ou must suffer the penalty of cc USmptl" cried the veiled figure at the foot the the feofa. "Andthat?" " Death I" cried a chorus of voices. "Gentlemen," said I, beginning to take serious view of the matter, " I am opposed your order and have so expressed myself hundred times. If you force me to take ai oath I shall not consider it binding, for Ital . it under protest." " He who is once a Regulator is always Regulator," wailed the tall iigure at the foi • of the sofa. "You will never betray tl secrets of the order," " Well, then," said I, rising' to' my fee " sinoe'Iam forced to this thing,go ahead." ' ""Let the High Priest administer the oath ? Baid the voice 'in my rear, and the tall figure 1 the foot of the sofa stepped forward. e High Priest. I did bo, and slowly repeated the oath wliic ound mo to secreoy, which obligated me in undred different • ways, and which 'oath aithfully kept until regularly released. Afte he ceremony was over, several of the figure nmasked and disclosed old frinds of. mint wos not deceived as to Lance Worthilfgton' oioe, and he was the first to congratulate m s a brother Regulator. In the course of our conversation, he tol< ie that the ruined house, in which we weri ssembled, was the scene of a terribly murde. ears ago, and had the reputation of bein; aunted by the ghost of the murdered man It had nbt been occupied for years, and thi Begulators had taken advantage of the super stitious legends connected with the pile ant transformed it into a place of rendezvous They had no fear of interlopers here. He told me that horse and cattle stealing was sc common in the county, that it was necessary . to organise sbme sort of association for protectiori. They had accordingly allied themselves to the new " vigilante" order,. which had been so successful in breaking up crime, and organized themselves into a lodge of Regulators. The captain of the lodge was one of the wealthiest young stock-raisers in Kentucky, arid the members were froin the best families in the State. " We have an important and painful duty to perform to-night," he said in conclusion,. "and you can accompany us or not,as.you choose." I pleaded business, and declined. —»J. ]mow what yon are after, I -think," he said quickly; "andjeu will ride with us tonight, and—after our business is over—go home with me, I will visit you. A man in my employ has" been approached indirectly by the parties you are after, and he knows enough of their movements to put you on their track. He is an honest fellow, and has already taken me into his confidence, Now, ride with us to-night, and I will ride with you to-morrow night." To make a long story short, I finally agreed to make my first trip as a Regulator, and was provided with a shroud similar to those worn by the other members of the lodge. When I went down to my horse, I found him similarly disguised, and could not help smiling at his - weird and uncanny appearance. \- ""You will answer to the number two hundred and fifty three 1" said the captain of the lodge, as I was mounting. " We are known only by numbers when we are at work." We rode in tho direction in which I had come, four abreast, and- the long line of whiterobed spectres, moving along swift!y and silently, were enough to inspire terror in the heart of the bravest man, had wo chanced to meet one during our journey. I learned afterwards that, had we met any- person, they would have been forced to take the path. An , hour passed in this way, and we were fast nearing the shire town of the county. I recollected that I knew nothing of the object of this midnight ride, and asked my right hand companion for information. " E—h I " he whispered, " you will sec. We are nearly there." To my dying day I will not forget the dual tragedy enacted that night " by order of JucIge Lynch 1" A horrible murder had been committed a few months before in the county. The motive, adulterous lust. A wife arid her paramour were arrested, charged with the murder of a husband and fricud. 'i'liey were intelligent, their social position was a high one, aud wealth in abundauce was at their command. In spite of popular indignation against the murderers, and strong circumstantial evidence connecting them with the crime, it was very probable that the law—which is not alwaysjusticc—through some teclmicality, would free the evidently, guilty pair, to enjoy undisturbed, their blood-stained lust. The. case was laid before the Regulators and they gave it a fair aud impartial trial. Every mitigating circumstance in favour of the innocence of the accused persons was carefully considered. When tile fatal ballot was cast at the close of the investigation there was no merciful "white ball" dropped into the box, Snd Judge Lynch had pronounced sentence, of death. It is needless to prolong this article by describing that night's work. It is a matter of history, and the verdict of the world, after the first shock of horror passed, was " Served them right! " Executions, be they legal,' illegal, or semi-legal, have a painful and horrid similarity. A jail was surrounded by masked men, the jailer forced at the muzzle of a dozen pistols, to give up the keys, a man and woman, whose bands were stained with the blood of a fellow-creature, were aroused from dreams of possible liberty; a confession of guilt was made by both, they wore told of the fate in store for them; a few minutes' time was given them to prepare for that final arraignment before the bar of a just God, and in spite of the sobs and prayers for mercy, and cries and lamentations, were "hanged by the neck until dead." It was stern and terrible punishment. " A life for a lifo! " At the edge of the town the lodge dispersed, the masks and shrouds were removed, and each man sought his home by the nearest and most direct road. I accompanied my friend Lance Worthington, and we were safe in bed .before sunrise. Neither spoke of the occurrence of the night, and both tried to forget it in sleep, but it was many long days before I could drive away the haunting faces of those two wretched beings, or forget the agony of their last frantic appeals for meroy and life. The next day I possessed myself of information which warranted mo in serving out warrants against three noted counterfeiters before tlie nearest United States Commissioner, and the next night, with tlie assistance of a posse of my newly made brethren, I succeeded in overtaking the "crooks," in capturing their materials, machines, dies and manufactured money, and lodging them all safely in jail. 