THIRD DAY. Sunday was, in every respect, the crowning glory of the Triduum. Pontifical High Mass was celebrated by the .Right Rev. Dr. Cani before a congregation of about 7000 persons, the Rev. Fathers Collins and Dunne being, respectively, deacon and subdeacon, and tiie Venerable Archpriest Sheehy priest-assistant. After the Gospel the Right Rev. Dr. Murray preached from the 4th chapter of St. Luke, lHth and 19th verses. They were told in the Gospel that St. John the Baptist, hearing of the miracles and wonders performed by our Lord Jesus Christ, sent two of His disciples to ask Him whether He was He who should come, or should they look for another. Our Lord in reply said, “ Go and relate to John the Baptist those things which you have heard and seen, the blind see, the deaf hear, the dead are raised, again, the poor have the Gospel preached to them, and blessed is he who shall not be scandalized in Me.” They were told in another passage of the Gospel how a great multitude followed our Divine Lord, and how they thought to touch Him, and the Gospel added that virtue went out of Him, and healed all their diseases. Another passage said that He went about doing good to all. He had been asked to say a few words on the works of charity performed by the Church throughout the world, and in doing so he would ask them to take for granted that the text clearly proved the fact that our Lord came to perfect works of charity and mercy ; and in conformity with the example of her Divine founder, the Church had established institutions for the relief of the poor, the sick, and the miserable, all over the world. The same spirit which was upon Uur Lord was now upon the Church, and as Our Divine Lord went about doing good to all, so did the Catholic Church to-day perfect all works of charity and mercy, for the relief of mankind. All now clearly saw that his subject was very vast indeed, and it was quite out of his power to do justice to it at, large. lie would, therefore, take the Catholic Church as she presented herself under three aspects : 1st, her great charity and mercy ; 2nd, her great mission of charity, as displayed in the variety of institutions which she had founded ; and 3rd, the same charity as exhibited in the establishment of Christian schools. The mis sion of charity which Our Divine Lord im planted in the Church was prominently shown in the noble churches and cathedrals which had been erected to the honour and glory of God all over the world. The Church was scarce able to raise her head from the obscurity of the Catacombs, when magnifi cent churches sprang up everywhere. Those who had wealth deemed it an honour to con tribute to the erection of churches, and the first aim of Governments, when they became Christian, was to contribute to the welfare of the countries of which they had charge, I)}" erecting Churches and Cathedrals. It was not his purpose on that occasion to give an historical essay on what the Church had done in all ages, for there were never so many churches erected to the honour and gloiy of God as at the present day. Let them go to America, and they would see how miaiy noble Cathedrals had sprung up in that land. It | was but a short time ago when the}' looked with surprise and admiration at the grand Cathedral raised by the Cardinal Archbishop of Mew York. Again, if the}- travelled to other countries, England, Ireland, or Scotland, they n onld find that vast sums of money had been expended in raising churches to God. What did that noble edifice in which they were assembled tell them ? What did St. Patrick’s Cathedral, Melbourne, tell them ? They spoke of an energetic faith, and proved that a generous and noble people inhabited these new lands, who were quito as z.ealous in promoting the glory of God as any race which had preceded them in the old world. And what else did that Cathedral tell them? It spoke of Catholic faith in the great doctrine of the Real Presence. That Cathedral would be the chosen dwelling place of Our Divine Lord, there residing in the tabernacle, who gave ns all the means of grace. He was there still to impart Il'is grace to all who came to visit Him. Yes, henceforth, they would come there and pray before that taber nacle, with all faith and love, for themselves and their families, that they might receive all things necessary for their spiritual and tem poral welfare. Their children would be brought there to receive the Sacrament of regeneration, those who had fallen away from virtue would come to adore the Lord, and He would touch their hearts, and as lie said to the sick man, “ Arise and walk,” so he would say to them, “ Arise, go to Confession^ be re conciled with your God, arise and walk.” More than this, Our Lord had given power.to his Ministers, and had, as it were, placed Himself under their hands, so that every morning, at their bidding, the Lord of Heaven and. earth would descend upon that altar. Again, the Minister of Christ went into his Confessional, and sinners came to him, and by the power winch her Divine Founder gave the Church, the sinner was absolved. (), singular power given to the Church ! No wonder that, be lieving all this, they exerted themselves in erecting Churches, lie spoke in the presence of one who had a large share in erecting that noble pile, and it was by the position which the head of the Church had given him that he was able to call upon those who had con tributed so liberally, and he had been a very powerful instrument indeed in the hands of the Church. He would now speak of the mission of the Church, as shown in the variety of institutions which had sprung up in every land for the relief of suffering humanity. The charity and mercy of Our Lord Himself was shown in regard to Mag dalen : and the adulteress, who, though she was condemned bv all, was by Our Divine Lord treated with gentleness and kindness. And so the Church in all ages had exhibited the same spirit towards her unfortunate, children. In the country in which they lived they would find hospitals, orphanages, and asylums of every kind. In countries where the Governments totally neglected their duty they would find the same, and no country in the world, with the means at her disposal, had so many charitable institutions as Ireland. And in Australia they had a noble hospital, erected by the generosity of: the people, under the care of the Sisters of Charity, who were doing so much good, and who came from Ireland. In another colony they would find the institution of the Good Shepherd, in .Melbourne, which performed noble works of charity. All over these colonies the Sisters of Charity and of Mercy were spread, and, as they all came from Ireland, they exhibited the faith, perseverance, and devotion of that Catholic land. This gave him courage that they would he aide to sustain that great war fare which, in a few months, would come upon them. In the third place, lie would speak (if the work of the Church in founding colleges and schools. This was a question which was of great interest, to them just, then, and in speaking on it he would bo careful to say nothing which would fairly caleulaff<> ^iv<* oltrnrr to any one ; at :mv rati', whatever should fall from him would not ho intruded to wound the feelings of any opponent. At the end of this year all State aid would be withdrawn from the Catholic schools. The Arehhishop had on several occasions spoken on the education ipiesfion in connection with this buildiny, and on one occasion in particular he said : My dear people, we have a p’roaf work before 11s. \\\ e have this church to build ; but I fell you when we have done with this church, wo have a far greater and more important work before us.” He (Dr. Murray) was not afraid, and would not hesitate to say wdiat he had to sav in the Archbishop’s presence. lie knew lie was expressing his ({race's sentiments, and he knew that the temporal arrangements had been made m consequence ot the more important issues at stake on the education question. They had been told even by people within the < 'hiiroh, of the. preat ruin that would come upon them in consequence of this chanpe which was to take place at the end of the year. Now, he tor one-—and he knew even prelate wdio was there shared the same view as he did looked upon it as an act of injustice, but by no means as a calamity- as a. rum to the (’1111 ri 11. rl he ( 'at ho] ie Cl 1 u roll had her power st ill. * M old she had erected ins I it 111 ions for the benefit of all classes of men and women, and she would be able in this emergency to meet all the exigencies. The ('atliohe prelates, the Catholic clergy, ami the Catholic laity of this J colony, and indeed of Australia, would be- \ come one united body, determined to carry on the schools, and determined to sacrifice everything rather than abandon them. An appeal had never been made in any country , much less to Irish Catholics, on the ground of faith, that had not been generously responded to. There was a time when State aid was withdrawn from the clergy of this country, and by many that was regarded as a fatal blow struck at Catholicity. Had the Catholic: Church in this country sullered from the withdrawal of State aid to the clergy i At one time State aid was given lor the purpose of erecting churches. lie believed there were many churches in this colony erected partlv by the generosity of the public and partly by Covernment aid, for at one time, he believed, the Government gave pound lor pound. That had all disappeared, but had the Catholic churches disappeared.'1 Had they not multiplied and increased a hundred fold ? Was it not true that Catholic churches and institutions had sprung up everywhere i He would say to those who, being of little faith, had said, “ What will become of our schools—-hmv will we support, them i"—he woidd say to such that it the Church exer cised her power she could support all her children. Let them have two years, or it might he three years, and there would not he a town in all the colony of New South \\\ ales that would not have its Catholic school. Tliey would have Catholic hooks, and religious Brothers, and religious Sisters established everywhere, and all the time they would be doing the work <d the Church. He hoped that not a bishop, priest, or layman would ever say a word of abuse either of any Government oi ol those of any other denomination who might be abusing the Catholic Church. There was a remarkable passage in the Book of Lcclcsiastes which 1m would specially bring before this vast | congregation, viz., “ Strive for justice for thy soui, even unto death : tight for just ice. and the Lord will overthrow thy enemies tor | in: that t l ll.'tcil priests which ■ 111 III IT words ii sinll. Si ike r. thee.” Hod called upon tin1 < hureli to strive for justin', but. did not mil upon tin- Church to destroy her enemies, or to indulge in abuse, (iod said, u Leave that to mo, and I will overthrow thy enemies. Let the (. atholies ('reet their schools and im on with their churches peacetullv and quietly, hut with i^reat. firmness and zeal, and with ereat moderation, and all their ditliculties would he overcome, and all these enemies apainst whom they had to contend would he overthrown by the Lord, lie was very p'lad that he had an opportunity of brineiny that text bet vast congregation, and whii-li lie would serve as a yuido to prelates, and people in the Lfivat struyolc ii they would have to cnyaye in the year. 11 e would add a 1 ev enee to this important. oc< for himsel t.and he bolievei brotlier i>rt1 Lates and tor the ( atholie cleryy and the ('atholie congregations—In- had to express his appreciation ol the unbounded zeal of the Archbishop in the cause ot this church. The grandeur and splendour ot these, ceremonies which lie (Hr. Murray) witnessed here, anil the like ol which never before been w itnessed m the Soul hemisphere, had been very lmpie-mve. had yreat. knowledge of those eeremoni liaviny spent his life aniotiy them, nessed their performance in tie yrandeur. He could, theretore, authority t hat the ma jesty ol the < performed on that occasion roll greatest credit upon the very rev. who had eliarye of them. lb- 1 witnessed anvwhere, ouiside ibui ninny carried out. with such diynity order, lie, in common with others id He wit - a test with ith tii musu miisii ik wit! he had uh • nil an -t Cl"' of I! delighted lawond measure wit lie did not. eiaim an arquaintan. and therefore lie could not spi anthorit \\- on the subject, but his dulv, before lie went into th ascertain from others competent opinion, that the mum- was perb respects, and relleeted t lii- e reat• those wlm had the management i I >r. Murray's deeply earnest rate mode of dcaliny with his si well known to need comment, abstract jlist yiveli it will be exercised Ills special powers will The “ Triduum March" once the musical proceeding's ot tlm day. Mr. banks was oven moreetleetive m tie- mastery of the ore-,-III than on previom- oet asiotw. ■lib yieat elf. .’iv ' He seemed to rise to the full dignity of his position on the last morning’s performance, including Mozart’s famous 12th Mass. The grandly impressive; “ Kyrie ” was sung by chorus with great power, and yet with exquisite delicacy of expression ; and the chorus parts in the “ Gloria” more nearly ap proached absolute grandeur and technical per fection than anything ever heard previously in tin; Human Catholic churches of Sydney. In the triumphant opening, “Gloria in. excelsis Deo,” the voices of the full chorus,, united with strings, reeds, and brasses of the orchestra, and strengthened by the powerful tones of the organ, produced a dense and splendid volume of sound that rolled like a stately prean through and through the vast building, tilling nave, aisles, and transepts with bright harmony. And again, in the glorious fugue, “ Cum Sancto Npiritu,” the singing and playing were marvellously cor rect and expressive. This ponderous and difficult movement is full of lire, and when it is performed, as it was at St. Mary’s, by a, large, and well-trained chorus, and a thoroughly efficient orchestra, both directed by a competent musician, its majestic beauty not onlv delights the ear, but touches the heart and moves the soul. I n the “ Credo,” and the remain ing portions of the Mass, the chorus sang with great vigour, precision, anti expression, and it would be difficult to speak too highly of the quality of the work done by the orchestra, and by the organist, Mr. T. Banks. Miss E. A. Moon, Mrs. Banks, Miss Hunt, Miss X. E. Nowlan, and Messrs, dames Hinehey, T. O’Sullivan, E. d. Ilailewell, McCarthy, and McLean, were the principals, and all were at their best. Guglielmi’s “ Gratias Agiinus ” was the “ oiTertorium ” for the day, and Miss Moon sang this very ornate composition superbly, her voice ringing out even in the most florid passages true and clear above the orchestral accompaniment. Immediately be fore the "Credo” was commenced Mr. Hallo wed sang in noble style Neiikomn’s t“ Con lirma Hoc I tens,” and the musical perform ance of the morning service—in every re spect a triumph—•terminated with the “ Halle lujah ’’ chorus, vigorously given. KVKNINU SKUVICI' After Vespers, the tinal sormnn of the series was preached by tlio Vary Uev. Father Cahill, S..I., from the words :—“ As the Father loved Me, I also have lovad you.”—lohn xv., {). lie said :—■ So pure, so sincere, so perfect, so strong, sir enduring, is the love; with which Jesus Christ loves tin' human race, that lie. likens it to the inlinite love which hinds toe-ether in perfect unit V the Persons of the Most Holy Trinitv—“As the Father hath loved Me, l also have loved you.” He invites, He com mands, the human race to love Him in return. •‘Abide in My love!” Was ever invitation more sweet? Was ever command more just? While He is in the act of utteriny the words. •• Abide in My love,” we may suppose that His Pivine hands, uplifted in the pre ceding moment, are folded and pressed to His bosom. That action, that gesture, invites the Apostles to penetrate into His interior, and to fix their thoughts on the Divine Heart in which the love of our race dwells. And that gesture, and the Divine beautv and majesty semi in the countenance of the Uedeemer, “ beautiful in 11 is comeli ness above the children of men, and the liyht which beams from 11 is Divine eyes, and the sweet and winning tunes of His voice, and that, liketiiny of His love of us with the Father’s love of Mini -a love infinite in deyree. as its object is of inlinite holiness : all these circumstances tend surely to rendei most amiable, most tonehiny, most, welcome, would that. 1 could add most irresistible, the precept contained in the words, “Abide in M v love.” That likeniny of the two loves, when we attempt to fathom its meaniny, tills us with amazement, and compels us to ask : Ibiw can we be so dear to Him ? \\\ hat can Ho find in us to render us worthy of heiny loved with a love in any way like to that with which the father loves Him? While His Divine bands are pressed to His bosom, and feel the throbbmys id the Heart within, lie looks forward with lonyiny desire to a <|;iy ami an hour soon to come, loreseeiny which lie has said : “ I have, a baptism wherewith I am to be baptized, and how am I straitened until it be accomplished ?”—-an hour in which, thrnuyh n wide and yapiny wound, intlieted by a soldier’s spear, that Heart, now concealed within the bosom, shall be revealed to mankind and be rendered visible ; for in the history of the Passion we read: “One of the soldiers with a spear opened His side.” 0 blessed wound ! 0 welcome opening! which reimposes in cir cumstances of awful solemnity, and confirms in a manner most touching, in a manner never to be forgotten, the holy precept, “ Abide in My love.” Those three faithful lovers of Jesus, the beloved disciple, Magdalen, and the Immaculate Mother, who stand by the Gross, fully understand that reimposing and that Confirmation. The evangelist St. John says not that the soldier struck, or that he wounded, the side of the Redeemer, hut that he opened it, a word most fitly chosen, re marks St. Augustine ; for that opening symbolises one of the most precious fruits of redemption. How beautiful ! how touching! is that thought of the holy doctor. An open ing is made by which those who desire it can enter into the Sacred Heart, that they may live ; an opening prefigured by the opening which Noah was commanded to make in the side of the Ark—those who entered by it lived, those who refused to cntar by it perished. An opening pro-figured at a still earlier period by the opening which the Creator made in the side of the sleeping Adam, and through which came forth the woman, his spouse, pure, spotless, clothed in all the graces of beauty and innocence, appointed to be by generation the Mother of all the living. For even so through that opening made in die side of Christ, as lie slept in death on die Cross, and, therefore, from His very [Ieart, came forth His spouse, the Church— glorious, beautiful, not having spot, or wrinkle, or any such tiling ; a spouse worthy of Him, and appointed to be by regeneration the Mother of those who through Him shall inherit spiritual life. That beautiful thought of St. Augustine, and the figurative language in which it is expressed, teacli a great truth. Let us endeavour to comprehend it. Enter ing in spirit through that opening, and hiding ourselves within the Sacred Heart, to which it gives access, what do wc find ? We find an object worthy of adoration and worthy of love ; worthy, therefore, of the highest honours that we can render to it. This is the first truth to which I purpose to invite your attention. The precept, “Abide in My love,” is an obvious and la necessary consequence, flowing innncdiatel}' from that first truth ; and the precept ought to be at once gladly and gratefully accepted, and faithfully observed by all those who arc the object of the Redeemer’s love. But when we ask—is the pre cept observed ?—a lamentable, a hideous fact at once presents itself. By a vast number of those on whom the precept is imposed, it is violated, ('oldness, indifference, ingratitude, contempt of the Redeemer’s invitation and command, are found, where only the most real, the. most, fervent, and the most grateful love ought to be looked for. This lamentable, this hideous fact, pains and aflliets those who sincerely love Jesus Christ. And what effect does the pain and the affliction produce in them? (food, through the action of grace, comes of evil. That pain produces desire, a desire most holy and most perfect : the desire to love Ilim more ardently and to serve Him more faithfully ; tins desire to make reparation to Him for the ingratitude which He finds in others ; the desire to pay to Him tho debt, of love, most justly due by others, and payment of which is most un justly refused. This is the second truth on which I purpose to dwell. You feel within you this holy desire ; for from childhood you have learned to love the Sacred Heart. Blessed be Cod, an opportunity offers of satisfying this closin', by taking part with your venerated Archbishop in this act by which he is about to consecrate himself, his diocese, his clergv, his entire Hock, to the Suomi Heart. This act will be, a most solemn and public profession of faith in the Divinity of Christ, that fundamental doctrine of Christianity which was so ably and so eloquent ly presented to yon at the opening °f the Triduum. The act will be a profes sion of faith in Jesus Christ, as the (tod of Infinite Majesty, and as the (tod of Infinite Rove; for “(tod is Charity.” May She under whose most, lmly name this magnificent building has been begun, and through whose blessing it shall be completed ; She who gave to Christ Ilis Heart, since She gave to Him His humanity, obtain for us from the Holy Spirit light, and grace to know and to love the Sacred Heart so perfectly, that the tire °f charity which Christ came to cast upon the earth, and which He desires to see enkindled, a fire whose source is in His own Heart, may be enkindled within our hearts, never again to be extinguished. We find in the Sacred Heart an object worthy of adoration, and worthy of love. At the moment when the Immaculate Virgin, replying to the angel, uttered the words : “ Behold the handmaid of the Lord ; be it done unto me according to thy word the Second Person of the Most Holy Trinity, the Eternal Son of the Eternal Father, assumed human nature in her most chaste womb. This stupendous work of Divine omnipotence, which is utterly incom prehensible to us, and referring to which Isaias exclaims : “ Eye hath not seen, 0 God, besides Thee what things Thou hast pre pared for those that wait for Thee” Is. 64-4, is styled the Incarnation. In consequence of it the Divine Nature, which is from eternity, and which is iniinite, and the human nature, which is created in time, and which is finite, are most closely and intimately united, and subsist in the Person of the Word, never again to be separated. Though most closely bound together the two natures remain for ever distinct, for ever unmixed, the one being iniinite, the other finite. Jesus—such is the name by which the Incarnate Word desires to be known—may be studied and contemplated in one or other of two states. In the one He is from eternity : in the other He begins to exist in time. Previous to the act of creation, time was not. As soon as the first creature, by the Divine command, sprang from no thingness into existence, the words time and beginning had a meaning. Now before that beginning, before all time, the Word existed : “ In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God.” The Won! is from eternity : eternity is the measure of the dura tion or Ins existence. Eternity ! Mysterious, incomprehensible word! how conscious we become of our own littleness when we attempt to grasp the idea! Eternity, regarded as an attribute of the Divinity, is one, unchanging, immense, indivisible, not made up of moments and hours and days and years and ages, which succeed each other, for such succession is one of the attributes of time, and is utterly in compatible with the notion of eternity. Eternity properly speaking has neither past nor future ; it is a something ever present in all its plenitude. Now eternity is an attribute of the Word ; the Word is from eternity ; therefore the word is God ; for God only is from eternity; God only “hath immortality and inhabiteth light inaccessible” (1 Tim. vi. 16.) Hence the words of the Evangelist : “And the Word was God,” in which He so clearly teaches His Divinity, How necessarily from those which precede. The second state in the which the Word may be studied and contemplated is that in which He appears in time. In this new state He is still the Word ; lie divests not Himself of even one of the Divine attributes. For the Evangelist affirms that the very Word that is from eternity ; the Word that was in the beginning ; the Word that was with God ; the Word that was God, “was made llesh.” “ We saw his glory.” adds the Evangelist. And of what nature is the glory ? Faith enables him and the others who enjoyed the privilege of conversing with the Word here on earth in the as sumed nature, to penetrate its meaning, and to see that it is a glory worthy of the “ Only begotten of the Father, full of grace and of truth.” Whether therefore we represent to our selves the Word as He is from eternity in the bosom of the Father, consubstantial and coeternal with the Father and the Holy Ghost ; or as He is in his littleness, reposing in infancy on the bosom of his Mother, or at the end of His life hanging on the Cross, we kneel in His presence, we adore, and we ac knowledge Him to be “ over all God, blessed for ever” Item, ix., 5. Now in representing to ourselves the Sacred Person of the Word made llesh, we. may, by one act of the in tellect, embrace the entire humanity as one groat and stupendous work of God ; or we may fix our attention more directly and im mediately on one or other of the constituent parts of the humanity, and make it an object of faith and worship. The eyes which sheil tears over Jerusalem, and at the tomb of Lazarus ; the Divine countenance on which angels love to gaze ; the hands and feet which still retain the Sacred Wounds ; the Precious Blood, the price of redemption, may be in succession made objects of contem plation. Wc easily see that there is an evident fitness and congruity in so choosing the Sacred Heart as an object to be venerated and worshipped. The heart is the dwelling place of the affections, and above all of the faculty of loving. He who is good is said to have a good heart; he who is evil to have an evil heart. The heart is, as it were, a book in which the character of the individual is written. This manner of speaking is in ac cordance with the ideas of all mankind, as ex pressed in human language, and that such ideas and modes of expression rest on a solid foundation, and are rational, we learn from the usage of Holy Scripture. The ex pression, “ The heart of God,” is Scriptural. “ My eyes and my heart shall be there al ways,” says God, referring to Solomon’s Temple. And the Incarnate Word, at the time when “ He was seen on earth and con versed with men,” invites us to learn of Him,, that he is “ meek and humble of heart.” When, therefore, we fix our thoughts on the Sacred Heart we act rationally. We desire to see in one glance the interior, the whole character, of Jesus Christ, and we gain the end of looking into His Heart. By that look we apprehend Him as a being who loves, and who is worthy, not only of adoration, but of love. In so fixing our thoughts on the Sacred Heart we do not by a deliberate and distinct act exclude the other constituent parts of the Sacred Humanity ; we do not ex clude, we do not abstract from the Divinity. We see in the Heart, which subsists in the Word, infinite majesty, infinite sanctity, in finite love. And with our thought centred in the Heart we adore it. But as when we adore the Sacred Humanity as one most ad mirable work of Divine power, even so when, by a distinct act, we adore the Heart, the human Heart, the Heart of flesh, which has been assumed by the Word, the adoration terminates in, and has for its object, the Divine Person. And the more deeply we penetrate into that Sacred Heart, the more clearly do we understand how loving and how worthy of Jesus Christ. All that is good and amiable and winning in His words and in Plis acts had its origin in the Heart. When He was moved to compassion, as His eye rested on the sad figure of the mother who followed to the grave the bier of her only son,, that compassion came from His Heart, for compassion springs from love ; and so deep is the emotion which compassion caused in His Heart, that His infinite love moved Him to exercise His infinite power to dry up the mother’s tears by restoring to her the son whom she had lost. When He was deeply moved, and wept at the tomb of Lazarus, the emotion, and in some sense, therefore, the tears, came from His Heart. When he says to Magdalene : “Thy sins are forgiven thee and to the thief: “This day thou shalt be with Me in Paradisethe words come more truly from the Heart than from the lips. When lie looked on Peter after His fall, the look comes from the Heart, for the look was an act of compassion, and consequently an act of love. And the tears which Peter sheds, and the sorrow which causes them to gush forth, are in response to a sorrow which He knows he has caused within the Heart of his Master. Is the precept: “Abide in my love,” observed ? The very proposing of the question pains and afflicts. In the contest which is ever raging between good and evil, the victory is frequently with evil. Christ invites all who labour and are burdened to come to Him. He promises them refresh ment and peace, hue in too many cases the call is unheeded. He looks on Peter and Peter weeps and is saved. He embraces and kisses Judas, and Judas is lost. And so is it to the present day. The knowledge of what men have done, and of what men still do, in opposition to Christ will, it is true, afflict ; but this very knowledge, and the pain which it produces, will bind us more closely to Him, and will render our love of Him, and our zeal for His glory, more sincere, more fervent, more active. When we study the nature of the contest that is ever going on between Christ and Satan, we may group the enemies, of Christ in four classes: corrupters of doctrine ; persecutors who inflict pain and death ; civil authorities who, by unjust legis lation and hostile action, hamper the action of the Catholic Church ; and, in fine, bad Catholics, whose lives arc not in accordance with their faith, who believe in God, but who do not love Him. Faith is the root of justi fication. Destroy faith, and the ruin of the soul is the necessary consequence. Now, from the very infancy of Christianity, enemies arose who denied now one revealed truth, now another, led others to deny them, and formed sects ; and from the Ebionites of the first century down to the Mormons and the so-called Old Catholics of the nineteenth, the formation of sects has gone on, and it will go on for ever, because pride, avarice, lust, and other vile passions, the predisposing causes, will exist to the end of the world. All such sects have, in every age, by the severance of the unity, robbed Jesus Christ of millions of souls for which He died. Who can calculate the amount of evil pro duced by the lamentable revolution of the 16th century, and by its offspring, an offspring worthy of it, the impiety and infidelity of the eighteenth and nineteenth? The revolu tionaries of the sixteenth century professed faith in the Divinity of Christ, and in some of the fundamental doctrines of Christianity, and declared themselves resolved to maintain and to defend them against every adversary. How have those doctrines fared in their keep ing? I will cite for you on this matter the words of a modern writer, who had studied Protestantism most profoundly : “ The Divinity of Christ, the nature of his Atone ment, the constitution of the Trinity, the efficacy of the Sacraments, the inspiration of the Bible ; there is not one of these points on which the doctrines once so fiercely fought for arc not now amongst the Protestants getting as vague and varying, as weak and compliant to the caprice of each individual thinker, fas thedoctrineof eternal punishment.” (.Midlock. “Is Life worth living ?”) What a harvest of souls has been gathered for Satan by that deplorable revolution, as it directly led the way to the gradual weakening of faith in the most vital doctrines of Christi anity ! Even that sect which has ever gloried in being the most conservative of id], dares not to-day teach with authority that baptism is more than a mere ceremony. Prelates find learned men of that Church openly assert that the doctrine of eternal punishment is not cl curly taught in holy Bcripture, hut that its existence may be a terrible reality ; thus, by implication, denying the goodness of Christ, find even impugning His divinity, by representing Him sis having left His followers in a state of doubt, ;md uncertainty on a matter of such tremendous moment. Is it to be wondered at that the sects which laid their origin in that, revolu tion are divided and subdivided to such a degree that he who studies their history is bewildered, and finds that the list of their names is scarcely less ludicrous than the list: of the Eons imagined by Valentinus and the other gnostics of the early ages ? And yet amongst, the individual members of those various sects, how many fire then' not who practise Christian virtue in the most admirable manner! How many whose truthfulness, uprightness, liberality, find generosity may well at times put, us to the blush, find compel 11s from very shame to imitate their example ! How often do we not find ourselves com pelled to regret, that, being so good they do not, belong to us, do not share with us the grace of lining members of the Catholic, Church, do not enjoy the privilege of basking as we, do in the ell'iilgenee of the light, which issues forth from the Divine Heart of Jesus Christ.! Oh, limy the day speedily mine when Ihe, Redeemer's prayer shall lie heard in their favour, as if has been heard in ours : “ May they all he. one, as Thou, Father in Me, and ! in Thee, that, they also may he one in Fs.” John xvii., 21. A second class of enemies, who, under the leadership of Satan, make war against Christ, are persecutors who inflict, pain and death. The earliest persecutors Imped to extinguish in the blood of the great mass of Christians the sacred lire which < tlirist. came to cast, on earth, and, as was to be expected, they failed. Other persecutors, profiting by the experience, of those who Imd gone before them, proceeded more astutely, at,tackl'd Christ, more directly, by choosing victims out of the number of (hose who were more closely allied with Him, and who more strikingly and visibly represented Him. The Sovereign I’ontiffs, whose office is to hold the place of Christ and to govern the Christian people, in His name, were deemed worthy of especial hatred. They, by their very office, were, the authorised guardians of the sacred tin'. “ Let, us strike them,” said the perse cutors, “and the fire shall be quickly extin guished.” There is diabolical wisdom in such tactics, which we see practised in the fourth century by astute persecutors, and later on by the still more astute Julian the Apostate. And assuredly no more effectual means of destroying the Kingdom of Christ, and of obliterating His name, could he imagined, than the. interruption of the apostolic succes sion which would result from such persecu tion, if the Divine promise did not assure ns that (lie gates of hell shall never prevail against the Church. See again how God draws good out of evil! What a glorious roll of confessors and martyrs have not such tactics given to the Church ! Linus, Cletus, Clement, and a host of Pontiffs at Koine ; Peter and Athanasius at Alexandria. ; Chryso stom at Constantinople ; Januarius at Benc ventum ; Dionysius at Paris ; and, later on, Thomas of Canterbury, Oliver Plunket, -Josaphat. Oh, I feel that these very names reawaken within you the feeling of admira tion, the thrill of emotion, so often awakened in the past hy the memory of the glorious deeds of those) who bore them ! My meaning will he rendered clearer, and the direct attack made on Christ more intelligible, if wc single out one fact, one episode, in the history of persecution. On a fair evening, in the beautiful month of dune, in a public square, in a great city, a venerable man, with snow-white hair, and bent beneath the weight of years, stands surrounded by an impious rabble who thirst for his blood. That venerable man is an Archbishop, lie has come from the centre of Catholic unity to keep alive within tin; heart of a faithful and suffering people—his own people—the light of faith, the lire of charity. Impious laws forbade him under pain of death to return. It is a case in which God is to he obeyed rather than man. That holy man braves the danger. He returns. Spites track his foot steps ; lie is seized, and borne to the capital. Insulted and outraged at every step of the painful journey, he at length stands face to face with the enemy. In the midst of the rabble, is seen a prelate of an alien Church to direct their movements. More obstinate than Judas that unhappy man holds with a linn grasp his thirty pieces of silver, the favour of his Sovereign, and the temporal advan tages which her favour secures to him. The venerable man is commanded to ac knowledge thi' Spiritual Supremacy of the Sovereign, and to renounce allegiance to tin; Vicar of Christ. lie fearlessly pro fesses his faith ; he will not conform ; such is the word under which, hy an impious euphemism, the, crime of apostaey is de scribed. Again and again does he meekly, but lirmlv, return t.he same' answer. That wicked man who makes war on Christ has re solved that, his victim shall apostatise, or shall suffer torments that shall cause the Hock hitherto governed by him to he terrified into submission, 'flic scene is horrifying : it is, however, a good thing to recall it, and to he present in spirit, as it goes on. “ Hi vest him of his garments," exclaims the tormentor; *• hind his hands.” Instruments of torture are, there, unheard of and unimagined even in the. days of Bioeletian, (in east's in the form of hoots or greaves. The feet of the victim art' placed in them -the legs, and even the kiUM's, ;u*t‘ cnvrml hy then). I In‘ r;isrs aiv tilled with oil; the martyr is suspended on 1 u11, and lire is kindled beneath. The notion of the liie, is soon felt. The martyr feels the, lirsl stiiiy of pain caused hy the heated oil, and no donht. he directs his thoughts to Calvary ; and thinks of the, wounded hands and feet, and of the opened side, and of the loviny Heart ; and In' is strengthened. The oil ipiiekly burns, and the skin falls oil’, and the llesli, piece hy piece, is detached. The impious invitation is repeated ; ayain life, liberty are ollered, lint, on the same impious condition; and aynin the offer is rejected. A secret voice whispers, no donht, into tin' ear of the victim, “Abide in my love.” 'The heat penetrates into the hone ; tin' very marrow within is as lire. And the martyr, in a loud voice, prays, “desns, son of Ikivid, have mercy on me.” Tims on dune ldlli, in the year l.r>Xd, in the city of Ihiblin, snlfered Helmed H’llnrley, Archbishop of (tashel. What, in him excites the raye of his persecutors? lie represents desns ('lirist! lie upholds the system which desns Christ established. He venerates in the successor of St,. Peter the Vicar of desns Christ. His hands have been anointed for the olferiny tip of that Sacrifice wdiieh impious laws eon demn and torhnl. His head has been con secrated with holy chrism. He shares in the priesthood o( desns Christ, for which wicked men would set np another priesthood. In attacking him, therefore, his tormentors attack Christ. They outrage the yoodness and the mercy of Christ ; and whilst we ylory in the fortitude of the martyr, we max well e-neve at the insult, ollered to tin* Sacred Heart, of his Master. (Jooda^ain conn's out. of evil. They struck the pastor, in the hope that, hy so dome they would scatter the sheep. That venerable man refused to dishonour the ancient see of Cashel, governed from the days of St. Patrick by a Jong line of worthy pastors ; lie thought, no doubt, of Connac, and of his predecessors up to the days of the apostle, and the mitre and crosier which he has inherited from them he transmits without stain to his successor. And have the sheep been scattered ? No ; the faith for which O’llurley died is still green and fresh, green as the verdure that clothes the hills of Tip perary, sanctilied of old by his footsteps; fresh and clear and pure as the crystal streams that How through its valleys. And the present worthy successor of: Connac, and of O'Hurley, a prelate whose name is so affec tionately remembered in Australia, governs a people as faithful as were their fathers 800 years ago. We come now to the third of the classes in which we have grouped the enemies of Christ. The Civil power, the State, is at times, and not unfre quently, opposed to the advancement of Christ’s Kingdom, without proceeding so far as to inflict bodily pain and death. In almost all modern legislatures the rights of Jesus Christ, and of His Church, arc disregarded. Law, to be worthy of the name, must be founded on justice ; must be in accordance with right reason. Now, modern legislatures, with scarce an exception, ignore Christ, and consequently ignore reason and justice. On the Education (Juestion, for example, such legislatures have been most active, most energetic, and unhappily, most unjust. “ Sutter little children to come to me,” says Jesus Christ. “Little children shall not go to Him,” answers modern anti Christian society. Christ’s enemies know that if little children in their tender years he brought to Christ, they will know Him. so that: in some sense, His Sacred l'er-mi. His voice, His features, His whole character, will become familiar to them. They will love Him ; they will serve Him ; the thought of Him will accompany them everywhere, and will exercise influence over all the action of their lives, so that in after years it will he dilliciilt to tear them from Him, and to ex tinguish that love of Him which (ills their heart. Now, modern anti-Christian legis latures, fearing the iniluence of Christ, place, themselves between Him and those children whom He calls to Him. This they do by secularising education. They, w'ith con summate hypocrisy, proclaim 'that they re spect religion; hut they maintain that refigion is out of place in the school. They will, as in France, at the present day, tolerate every kind of insult otiered to religion ; they will permit impious men to hold sacrilegious banquets on Hood Friday, in mockery of the passion oi Christ ; they will permit others to hold up to ridicule on the stage* the Last Supper, and the institution of the Most Holy Sacrament; whilst they rage, as do the demons, it little children in the school are taught that (iod created this world, or even that there, is a (tod. Such legislators, and all who approve* ed tlieur action, in secularising education, become responsible for all the com i|iiene(*s of that act, and must accept all of (hem. The ultimate and most, fearful con sequences of the* system are not, it is true, •'verywhere seen ; hut where secular educa tion is firmly established (hose consequences may he looked for, and in a future not very remote. Such legislators sometimes lin’d •* bet 1 ors even vitlmi the bosom of (he (aitholie ('liureli. rl’liis is a lamentalile fact, a. tael Ihc existence of wliicli cannot, he denied. 1 his fact, however, must not sur prise or disl nrh us. Commanders of armies', when I hey attack- a hostile eitv, ordinarily lake, it lor granted that amongst the inhabi tants <d the city there will he ioiind a few who. from cowardice or from selfishness, are prepared to he tray their iellow citizens. I Icsei'ters and traitors are everywhere to he looked for; certain usages prevail as the manner of treating with them, hut hy all, especially hy those who use them, they are despised. Now. the enemies of the Catholic Church, in attacking her. know that this ele ment. is found within her. We ever have unionist us the timid and the seltish. The I oil tier conceal t he nisei ves in | he hour of danger and leave it to others to light, the battles of the Church. 'They show themselves to he, aeeording to the expression of one of the prophets, " dumb dogs not able to hark.” The latter, solicitous only for their personal interest, stifle conscience, and disregard the voice of those whom the Holy Ghost has appointed to govern the Church of God. When there is question of acting in harmony with their fellow Catho lies, of exercising any power which they have, the power for example of taking part in legislation, a man who belongs to this class, will not ask : “ What is my duty as a Catholic V’ but rather : “ How shall I secure for myself admission into the society of such and such circles, who belong not to the Ca tholic Church, who are even hostile to her, but whose friendship may be of advantage to me Would to God that such pusillani mous Catholics could but understand the contempt with which even the enemies of the Catholic Church regard them. I should ex hort them to study well the character of a man who lived some 1800 years ago, and to endeavour to realist; to themselves the opinion which, even those who used him as their instrument, formed of him. In his history we are told that he once addressed himself to a distinguished body of men in the State of whieli lie was a citizen, and that he said to them, “What will you give me and I will deliver Him unto you?” And the history adds, 11 They appointed him thirty pieces of silver.” A new contest has been forced on the Catholics of this colony—a new and a iiravy burden lias been imposed on them, 'i hey fear not the contest; confiding in the Divine protection they accept the burden, 'f’ne issue is all important. There is question of the salvation of their children. Secularists would fain tear those children from the Sacred Heart, and drive them into infdelity. The pastors of the Church in this colony have warned their people, and have urged them to prepare to meet the danger. These pastors are prepared to sacrifice even their lives for the souls of the little children com mitted to their care, and they feel encouraged and strengthened by the conviction that they govern a people strong in the faith, and pre pared to make that sacrifice, in order to trans mit the faith to their children. Father Cahill, although apparently suffering from catarrh, or some bronchial aifection, came up in vigour and force to the expecta tions of his admirers, of whom there are munv in Sydney. He is self-sustained and full‘of energy, but the latter quality never hurries him onward. His discourse was re plete with devotional suggestiveness. The Vespers were again Gregorian, with the Homan Litany. Hummers “ Alma Virgo” was sung by Miss Sherwin and the chorus, the solo voice being for the lirst few bars rather Hat, but subsequently perfectly managed. The dignified finale was a musical treat."Mr. Hrewersang an “ 0 Salutaris,” com posed by the conductor, Mr. .T. A. Delaney— a chastely beautiful work, which displayed to full advantage the range and power of the singer’s voice. Mr. Flynn, who seemed to he suffering fmm cold, was ineffective in the “ Tantnin largo.” (Pacini.) As the ecclesi astical precession left the sanctuary, Mr. Hinchey and the chorus sang Zingarelli's “ Laudato” in capital style, and the last ser vice of the “Triduum,” closed, as the. first laid commenced, with Mr. Delaney s stately match. It mac be net iced that, the bishop of Mait land. in his sermon during morning service, paid all concerned a high compliment, for the manner in which the music had been per formed during the “ Triduum.” 