IHisfcllatitf. Oo ' n LITERATURE. POEMS OF EDWIN ARNOLD.* . Mi-. Edwin Arnold and his brother Arthur belong to a different family from Matthew Arnold, who is the son of Dr. Arnold,- of Rugby. Arthur writes on the land ques tion, but Edwin is a great Oriental scholar, and has a string of letters after his name |to show the appreciation he is held in by his sovereign, and by English, Indian, and foreign learned Societies. His poetical works, he tells us, have been composed in the biief intervals of days without leisure, and have been inspired by a strong desire to aid in the better mutual knowledge of the East and the West, so that he hopes that they may preserve the memory of one who loved India and the Indian peoples. Edwin Arnold has long been on the editorial staff of the Daily Telegraph, and it was at his insti gation that the proprietors of that most widely - circulated paper dispatched Mr. George Smith on his errand of discovery and interpretation oi the Assyrian cuneiform inscriptions, which have been so valuable to the archaeologist and the Biblical critic. The Telegraph has a Jewish proprietory, and therefore was disposed to support Beacons held and his imperial and Oriental policy, and here Mr. Arnold has been a valuable ally, for his knowledge of all Indian ques tions is great, and his faith in its being the destiny of England to hold and to guide that vast heterogeneous empire is firm. In the " Indian SoDg of Songs" Mr. Arnold gives us. a translation from the Sanscrit of a very ancient love poem, which certainly ex ceeds in delicacy and tenderness the classic or even 1 the Biblical descriptions of love. The allegorical description of how the hero, Krishna, is gradually weaned by the love of Deautiful Radha from the allurements of the five senses typified by forest nymphs, is very poetically told. It is reported by experts to he fairlj literal, and only one omission is noted in the texts where the subject was likely to beoversensuous for a Western public. Every here and there the story stops, and Jayedeva, the author, speaks in bis own person, like a Greek chorus. The two books of the " Illiad of India" are now first trans lated from the MalidbViarata, one of the ! colossal unparalleled epic poems which have existed from time immemorial in the antique sacred language of India. So sacred are these epics that devout Hindus believe the reading of this MahAbharata destroys all sin and pro duces virtue. It.contains the history of the goda — or Rishis iu heaven and those on earth. It also contains the life and actions of the one God, holy, immutable, and true, | who is the creator and ruler of the universe. If a man reads it and has faith in its doc trines he is believed to be free from all sin, and ascends to heaven after his death. Mr. Arnold explains in prose the preceding por tion of the epic, and then gives a close para phrase of the " Book of the Great Journey," and the "Book of the Entry into Heaven," in which occurs one of the noblest religious apolcgnes of any creed—a beautiful fable of faithful love and unselfish sacrifice for the .souls of others. We think, however, that nil Mr. Arnold's books wonld be much the better for a brief classical dictionary of Hindu gods, demigods, and heroes ; for even educated people, who know their Lempricre, and the Latin and Greek names of the classical mythology, are bewildered by the loDg unknown names; and besides, where transmigration was firmly believed in, the several incarnations cause one soul to hare many forms and many names. The greatest work of Mr. Arnold is indisputa bly " The Light of Asia" or " The Great Renun ciation," in whichhe puts into the mouth of a devout Buddhist the story of Gautama or Sakya-Muni. or as our poet jirefers to call him, Prince Siddartha. The original legend of the Buddhist Messiah is here given to us in noble blank verse with occasional lyrics. As we would direct a heathen enquirer who was puzzled by the ponderousness of the dogmatic theology, by the endless hair splitting varieties of doctrine and ritual, and by the formality and the world liness of Christian Churches, to go back to the four GoBpels to learn what Jesus did and taught, so would we direct those Christiana who see in Buddhism only Atheism or idolatry, to read "The Light of Asia," and see how pure the original spring was from which so many turbid streams flow over many lands. On our last visit to Melbourne we went through the little Buddhist Temple on Emerald Hill, and in the gaudy tawdry ornamentation, the un couth grotesque symbols, and the very secular-looking priests who ministered, we -could see little signs of the elevation -and the purity of the faith held and taught by the prince who effected the Great Itenunciation. Buddhism, though not able to displace Braiimanism in the land ■of its birth, has profoundly modiflcd it. Pour hundred and seventy millions of our race live aud die in the tenets of Gautama, whose apiritual domain extends from Nepaol aud Ceylon over the whole Eastern Peninsula to -China, Japan, Thibet, Central Asia, Siberia, audeven Swedish Lapland. LikeChristianity, it has developed into asceticism with monas teries of celibates 011 the one hand, and into a •comfortable secularism, on the other, and with various intensity aud tinder different forms, Gautama, who disclaimed worship during his life, is worshipped as a god. "When we go back to the fountainhead, the similarity between the character and mission of Christ and those of the Indian Prince has astonished zealous missionaries as well as Oriental scholars. The very fables which have arisen about his life, some of which Mr. Arnold embodies in his poem, show the impression which his life and teaching made upon the world. We * " The Light of Asiafourth and cheaper edition. Triibner & Co., 1880. " Indian Poems," including the "Indian Kong of Songs;" and two " Books of thellliad of India." Triibner & Co., 1831. eball give a brief abstract of the life from the poem which opens thus— The Scripture of the Saviour of the world. Lord Buddha—Prince Siddartha styled on earth In earth, and heavens, and hells incomparable, All-honoured, wisest, best, most pitiful; The teaching of Nirvana and the law, Thus came he to be born again for man. Once in thirty thousand years Buddha becomes incarnate, and in the seventh century before our Christian era, about the time when Jerusalem, was taken by Nebuchadnezzar, and Ninevah was falling to the Medes, and Marseilles founded by the Phocians, the fulness of time had come. He came into the world as the son of King Suddhodana. His mother's name was Maya, who knew the divine origin of her babe, but only survived his birth seven days. On his body were the thirty-two primal signs of Buddha, and eighty lesser signs. It was fore told that he would either be a great ruler or a self-renouncing prophet, and the King labouredtoeducatehim forthefirstcareer. His learning was marvellous, he seemed to know all things before he was taught, while his valorous exploits and skill in the arts were equally remarkable. In order to dissuade him from the higher and harder life, Saddhd dana entangled him in the nets of love, and when he had made choice of his lovely cousin Yasfidhara his father shut him up in a palace and garden of delights, where he should not hear of death or pain or sorrow. But even here the wind sighing through the stringed gourd put on a voice for the expected deliverer, unheard by his bride and her attendants. " For to his ears they sang such words as these— We are the voices of the wandering wind. Which moan for rest, and rest can never find; Lo ! as the wind is, so is mortal life, A moan, a sigh, a sob, a storm, a strife. Wherefore and whence we are ye cannot know, Nor wben life springs nor whither life doth go ; Wc are as ye are, ghosts from the inane, What pleasures have we of onr changeful pain? What pleasure hast thou of thy changeless bliss 1 Nay, if Jove lasted, there were joy in this; But life's way is the wind's way, all these things Are but brief voices breathed on shifting strings. O Maya's Son ! because we roam the eartli Moan we upon those strings ; we make no mirth, So many woes we see in many lands, So many streaming eyes and wringing hands. lint thou that art to save, thine hour Ls nigh: The sad world wailoth in its misery, The blind world stuiablcth on its round of pain— Itise Maya's child ! Wake I Slumber not again ! We are the voices of the wandering wind. Wander thou too, O I'rincs, thy rest to find, Leave love tor love of others, for woe's sake, <2uit state for sorrow, and deliverance make." Now lie is eager to go out of his palace and seethe real world, and the King grants his request; ordering the streets of the city to be swept and adorned, and all' sick and old people and ugly things to be put out of sight. But the Prince ordered his charioteer to drive him past the gates, and there he saw a poor, decrepid old inau begging for alms. A second peep at the world, and he saw disease and death, and learned from his charioteer that such was the fate of all— "The veil is rent Which blinded me! I am as all these men, Who cry upon their gods, and are not beard— Or are not needed—yet there must be aid ; For thou and me and all there must he help 1 Perchance the gods have need of help themselves, Being so feeble, that when sad lips cry, They cannot save. I would not let them cry Whom I could save I How can it be that Brahm Would make a world and leave it miserable, Mince if all powerful he leaves it so, He is not good, and if not powerful He is not Ood ? Channa, lead me home, It is enough! mine eyes have seen enough And now comes tire " Great Renunciation." He leaves his lovely young wife, just when she gives him the promise of a child, and goes forth into the woeful world as a beggar; wear ing the beggar's yellow robe, and subsisting on cbarity. Six years he spent in retreat and meditation, until he wrings from the Higher Powers their secret. His reputation attracts the peojile to him, and some he aids with miracles, and all with counsel and sympathy. For love and help of men he abandons all the soft delights and the comforts of home and kindred, and at last—under the famous Bodha-tree—lie felt he had attained truth, and he went forth to preach it to the world ' for forty-five years until his death. There are two lovely episodes of a bereaved mother asking the restoration of her child to life, which was not granted; and another of a wife grateful that a son had been given to her prayers, bringing offerings to the god, who bestowed the food on Siddurtha, whom she took to be a god. He rebuked Yogis for their fruitless self-inflicted tortures. There is a pretty representation of him as the Good Shepherd carrying the wounded lamb in liia arms, and a story ofr his rejecting the restraints of caste, when the shepherd lad, who felt compassion, but dared not feed him, for he said, "I am a Sudra, and my touch defiles." Gantama answered— " Pity anil need Makes all flesh kin. Tliero is no caste in blooil Which rnnnctli of ens hue, nor canto in tears, Which tricklo salt with all. Who iloth right ileeds Is twice horn, ami who itoth ill-ilee<ls vile. Give me to drink, my brother; when I c one Unto my quest it shall ho good for thee." Strange as it may appear to our Western ideas, salvation wiidj Gautama meant absorp tion, more or less unconscious, into tbe Deity, but to the Orientals, who believed that the soul passed out of one body into another and that any lapse or omission of a most burdensome and minute ritual devised for the advantages of a priestly caste, would bo visited by punishment in an endless suc cession of lives, this doctrine was a priceless deliverance, for which a pure life, free from earthly desires, was the only preparation. Nirvana is often translated as meaning nothing, but Mr. Arnold considers it impos sible that a third part of the human race could ever be brought to believe in nothing ness as the issue and crown of being. The doctrine may rather mean that the spirit, as we read in the Book of Eccles'iastes, returns to God who gave it, and not without blessedness in the return. Still it is with some sense of disappointment that we read the outcome of that beautiful life, and the great truths and hopes he believed he had won, appear to us blank and cold. The extinction of desire would be death to us. We have a short glimpse of his brief reunion with his father, wife, and son— "So they came Into the palace-porch, SnddhAdans With brows unknit, drinking the mighty words, And in his own hands cauying Buddha's how], Whilst a new light brightened the lovely eyes Of sweet YssodTiara, and sunned her tears. And tlrnt night entered they the Way of Peace.", There are some specimens of " Proverbial Wisdom" front the Sanskrit of the Hitopa d£sa at the end of the Indian poems, and among other Eastern poems, a Mahommedan apologue, called the " Morning Prayer;" but to onr mind the finest specimen of Edwin Arnold's verse is not to be found in either of the bookB reviewed. We have Been it quoted elsewhere, and as the expression of the faith of pious Mahommedans in immortality, we place it side by side with the more colourless Nirvana attained to by the " Light of Asia" by means of the " Great Renunciation." NOT DEAD BUT BISEN. lie mho died at Azan sends This to comfort all his friends. Faithful friends t It lies I know l'ale and white, and cold as snow. And ye say, " Abdullah's dead 1" Weeping at the feet and head, I can see your falling tears, I can hear your sighs and prayers; Yet I smile, and whisper this— '7am not the thing you kiss; Cease your tears and let it lie, It was mine, it is not Sweet friends! what the women lave For its last bed of the grave, Is a hut which I am quitting, Is a garment no more fitting, Is a cage from which at last Like a hawk, my seul has passed. Love the inmate, not the room— The wearer, not toe garo—tne plume Cf tbe falcon, not the bars "Which kept him from the splendid stars. Loving friends! Be wise, and dry . Straightway every weeping eye; What ye lift upon the bier Is not worth a wistful tear. "lis an empty sea-shell, one Out of which the pearl has gone— The shell is broken, it lios there; The pearl, the all, the soul, is here, "l is un earthen jar, whose lid Allali sealed, the while it ldd That treasure of his treasury— A mind that loved him—lot it lie, Let the earth be shard once mow, Since tbe gold shines in bis store. Allah gloriouB! Allah good! Row the world is understood; Now the long, long wouder ends! Vet ye weep, my erring friends, While the wan whom ye call dead. In unspoken bliss, instead, Lives, and loves you; lost 'tis true In such light as shines fur you, But in the light ye cannot see Of unfulfilled felicity In enlarging paradise Lives a life that never dies. Farewell friends! yot not farowell; Where I am, ye too shall dwell. I am g me beiure your face, A moment's time, a little space; When ye come where I have stepped Ye will wonder why you wept; Ye will know, by wise love taught, That here is all, and there is nought. Weep a while, for ye are fain, •Sunshine still must follow rain, Only not for death—for death Now 1 know, is that first breath Which our souls draw when we enter Life, which is of all life centre. Be ye certain all seems love, Viewed from Allah's throne above; Be ye stoutof heart and come Bravely onward to your home! La Allah ilia Allah; yea! Thou love divine! Thou love alway! He who died at Azan gave This to those who inaae hit grave. 