TALES AND SKETCHES. SHANDON BELLS. Br WILLIAM BLACK, Author op " Maoleod of Dare," &c.; &a; CmriER XXIII. — "Sib I'saoer zu Din, o Gelieotc I" It >3 mid-day on the first of Juno ; tho skies aro clear ; and this old- fashioned coach goes jolting and rattling, and swinging away through the lonely country that lies between Drimolcacuo and Eantry Bay. The warm summer air is sweetened now with tho fragrance of tho abundant honeysueklo, now with a whiff of peat-smoke from ono of those poor stone hovels near tho way- sido. There are plenty of beautiful things to charm tho oyo of tho traveller, Thero are masses of bine forget-me-nots in tho marshy pools. Tho waste hog- land has its own rich lines ; and thoso rude stone walls that encloso tho misorablo bit of farm or garden aro surmounted by golden gorso. Even tho far- roacbing sterilo hills, where tho soant pasturago scarcely tints tho barren rook, liayo their riualitics of color that a painter might observe. For tho day is beautiful, tho air is clear, and the sunshine falls so Btrongly that the shadows under tho hodgo-rows or under a steep hank seem quito black— and not yot tho opaquo black that a palette would give — but a sonsitivo, dcop- reaehing, luminous blackness that reveals things within itself, and that is cut across, out side, by tho sharp pointod spears of tho iris, a brilliant deop strong groen in tho sunlight. Tho solitary passenger by this mail-coach regards theso things with a minnto and cioso and mechanical attention ; perhaps ho forces himself so to regard them. Ho has como through tho Valley of tho Shadow of Death, as it woro ; thero is a black cloud behind him, and ho durst not look that way j ho busies himsolf, and strives to busy himsolf, with the phenomena of tho visihlo world around him. And while hofondly imagines that ho is contemplating thoso phonoinona with tho calm and dispassionato oyo of an artist looking at tho wasto hog-land, and tho poor hovels, and tho sad far hills, with a viow to guessing at their valuo in color— in reality ho is reading human sorrow, and tho tragedy of human life, into every sight and sound that . meets him. But tho first giimpso of tho broad waters of Banlry Bay nmdo his boart leap with pain. ! Visions and dreams that had occupiod days not ' so far bygono seemed to dazzlo his eyes — for a ! moment, but only fora moment, Witha terriblo ! effort ho put them away.. Ho would not confess to that quick Bharp quiver at the heart. Ho was , studying this beautiful picture as Jolm Ross might have studied it. Look at tho groat width of tho sea, with its armlets stretching in between the sunny browns nnd greens of tho headlands, So still is tho summer air, so calm and clear is tho summer sky, that tho blue of theso far-reach ing arms of water is a dull and almost opaquo blue a sort of scalingwax blue — looking molten and heavy in tho spaces botwecn tho wooded islands and tho reeks. Tho hills on tho other sido, that stretch away out to tho lonely Atlantic, soom desolatoand.uninbabitod. It is a sad picturo, despite tho loveliness of tho summer "lay. But if ono wishes to Ioso ono3oIf— to got away from tho world— to seek out tlio secret haunts of nature, and find solaco and forgetful- aess there- -surely theso remoto shores, theso voiceless hills and glons, may affurd a resting Place for tho tortured soul ? Ho had to oncountcr strango faces at Glen- Sariff. At tho pretty hotel tboro, which, from a distance, seamed to bo half smothered among trees and (lowers and shrubs, he found a number of tho visitors sitting outside, somo hAving after noon toa at small tables, others playing chess, or smoking or chatting ; and doubtless they would regard tho now comor with sulliciont curiosity. No matter; ho was soon inside, and thero he askod if ho might have a room for tho night. "Mr. Fitzgerald, I presume?" said tho land lady. "That is my namo," said ho, with somo aston ishment. "A room has bconkopt for you,"sho said; and Fitzgerald could only ask himself why ho had boon astonished, for indcod tho thoughtfulncss and kindness of tboso Chotwynds went beyond all bounds. "I suppose," said be, "I can got tho Castle town mail-car in tho morning?" "But you won't neod that, Bir," Baid tho good landlady, "for the carriage is coming from Boat of Garry for you at half-past ton, if that is con venient, I was to givo you tho mossago from Mr. M'Gco. Mr. M'Qee has been down to Boat of Garry to see that everything is in rcadinos3 for you ; and I was to say that ho was very sorry ho could not stay to meet you hero, as ho had impor tant business at IConmaro to-day." "Oh, indeed." "Visitors' book, sir," said a waiter, opening a largo volumo that lay on tho hall table. "Oil, yes," said Fitzgerald, and ho mechani cally took the pen and wroto his name. Then he lingored, glancing over tho othor names on tho pago, as is tho fashion of now arrivals. Ho had his finger and thumb on tho loaf, as if ho meant to. pursuo this aimless inquiry, when all at once ho seemed to recall him self ; ho shut tho book hastily, nnd turned, as if afraid thnt somo ono had boon watching him. Then ho went to his room, and romainsd thero until dinncr-timc. Ho sat at tho open window, looking at the beautiful foliago, and listening to tho birds, and trying to think of nothing but theso. Ho would not confess to himself what, snddan and frightful suspicion it was that made him so hurriedly shut tho visitors' book; nor yot would lie ask what new weight thero was on his heart — this torriblo consciousness that, soonor or later, beforo ho loft tho bouse, ho would bo irre sistibly drawn to search thoso pages. At dinner ho sat next a vivacious littlo old gentleman with a thin dried palo faco and a brown wig, an Englishman whoso pleasant chat- tin, if it was uot very wise or profound, served to beguile tho timo. Ho gavo Fitzgerald a vast amount of information about tho neighborhood. He had his views also. "What is tho highest form of human happi ness ?" ho asked, abruptly. " Killing a braco of ducks right and loft," said Fitzgerald, for tho saka of saying something. " Oh, no. Thoso aro violent enjoyments, and violent enjoymonts are invariably accompaniod by violent disappointments. It is tho nttainmont of pcaco and contont, which is only possiblo atlor ' tho wild passions and pursuits of youth aro over ; and what docs if depend on? Sound sleep, mostly. I mean to live to ninety." "I am sure I hope you may," said his neigh bor. "I think I shall. I see 110 reason to tho con trary," said tho cheerful old gentleman. "I cultivate happiness and health at tho same timo ; indeed, I find them to bo tho samo thing. The only stimulant I allow mysolf in tlio day— tho only thing that rises a littlo above tho lovol— is tho dinner hour. I permit mysolf that ; and find no harm in it. Now when I was your ngo I did as most young follows did at that timo— that is to say, without being a drunkard I drank too much. A brandy and soda iu tlio morning ; a pint of claret at lunch ; perhaps n glass of Madeira in tho afternoon ; then tho usnul wine at dinner. What was tho result? Thcro was no novolty in it. Thero was no'pteasaut stimulus. Tho system was too familiar with theso repeated excitements. And so now-a-day3 I drink nothing but tea or soda-water up till dinner timo ; and then I have my pint of champagno ; and my wholo system enjoys this unwonted stimulus ; and perhaps I may ovon grow talkative, oh ?" "But about tho sound sleep— you havo not told mo how you secure that," said Fitzgerald. So long as this old gentleman would talk ho was glad to listen. " I will toll you ; I should llko to proclaim it from tho house-tops," said tho other, seriously. "It is by having an occupation for all idio hours ; an occupation sufficient to fix your atten tion, so that you can pass a rainy morning with out fretting ; an occupation suOiuicnt to distract your mind in tho evening— I mean tho last hour or so before going to bod— and yet loavo no puzzling questions behind to disturb you. Now my occupation is to road oarofully and strictly through, from ono end to tho othor, tho Encyclopwilia Briltanka. Not ono of tho now editions, which might havo "modern speculation iu it ; but the edition of 1S12, in forty half- volumes. I am quito sufficiently interested for tho momont in Abergavenny, in Abruzzo, in Abyssinia, or Aquilaus; bnt yet not so cagorly as to interfere with my sleep ; and when I havo got away through to tho ond of tho twenty- fourth volumo I can begin again with my memory froo from a siuglo fact. But this I allow myself, I must toll you— I allow myself tho uso of a number of small hieroglyphics that I put iu as I go 011, and when I como to ono of them again I say to mysolf, ' Why, tho last timo I read this I was in Mrs. Scott's inn at Boscastlo, and what .a storm was blowing !' or perhaps another ono tolls mo that when I read this paragraph I was at Bon Rliyd- ding, just como back from n stroll across tho moors, or perhaps at tlio Boll Inn at Henley, when all tho confusion of tho boat races was about." "You soom to spond a good part of your lifo in hotels," suggested Fitzgerald. " All of it— tho wholo of it, my young friend," was tho prompt reply. " Why should I havo tho trouble of keeping a house? I havo that dono for mo by thoso who havo had most cxparicnco of it of any peoplo in tlio country. Where Bhould I havo pcaco and quiet if I wore worryiug about servants and smoky chimneys? Why should I bolhor about cooking? If I do not liko tho cook ing, or tho bedrooms, or tho direction of tho wind, I go away aisowhero; I could not do that if I woro tied to ono houso and It tmpered with my own servants. I agree with Shonstono. I know where to find a warm welcome. I can fit my Imbibition to tho season of tho year; at ono timo I am in tho Islo of Wight, at anothor in the West Highlands. I may say that England, Scotland and Ireland form icy houso ; nnd I havo a noblo staff of servants — in numbors, at alt oventa— who pleaso mo tolerably well. And you— at your timo of lifo ono does not travel for pleasure. May I be no impertinent as to usk what your business or profession may bo ?" " I don't know that I havo any just at the present moment," said Fitzgerald, absently. " I have been thinking of going to Amoriea." " Ah," said tho neighbor, regarding him with eurosity. "Yon know tho saying 'America is here or nowhere. ' " "That is from Wilholm Moister," said Fitz gerald (it was a wonder to himsolf how glad ho was to talk to this old gentleman, in howover mechanical a fushion ; tho jonrnoy had been a lonesome ono). " And I never could understand Wilholm Mcistor. But I suppose ns it is an epigram it must bo clovor. What I know is that hero tho Government won't givo you ono hundred and sixty acres of freehold land for fivo shillings an acre." " You moan to farm, then ? Pardon mo, but — I should not havo thought that would bo con genial occupation. You spoko of Wilholm Meistcr," said tho old gontieman, in his preeiso and courteous was. " What do you think of Werthor, then 1 Ho was a great favorite among tho young peoplo when I was a youth." " I liko him still less," was Fitzgerald's frank reply (though his eyes sometimes wandered away, as though he were looking at othor and distant things). "I don't liko hothouso sentiment. I don't think a man could go on loving a woman whoso oyos were quito cold and indif ferent towards him— concornod about bread and butter, in fact. If sho had once loved him, oven beforo her marriage, that would havo beon dif ferent. I can understand a man going on through his lifo constant to his lovo for a woman who has onco lovod him, and whom he has lo3t, I moan," lie added, hastily, " by death. I raeau ono who has been taken away from him by death, and whoso memory is a lifo-long treasure, I don't pity hiin, I think ho is lucky," " What I' said tho old gontieman, " lucky to havo lost his sweetheart." "Yes, before ho found her out," said Fitz gerald, quite simply— and oven absontly. " Then nothing can upset his idol. She is always beau tiful to iiim, and truo ; he can havo no suspicion of her ; and when she has been always good and truo and believable, ho believes other women may bo. That is something. That is, when sho dies in time — before sho has degraded herself — beforo sho has shewn him what lies women's eyes can toll " " I say, my young friond, that is a very extra ordinary theory for ono of your ago to hold," said bis neighbor, staring at him. Tho blood rushed to Fitzgerald's forehead ; ho had been talking almost to himself, "Oh," said he, hastily, "thero is something in what you say about America. Of course oue would want a certain amount of capital. But tho land along the Platte valley is oxceilont ; and I faucy that theso pre-emption grants aro froo from taxation " "But havo you any practical experience in farming, may I ask ?" aaid his neighbor. Now Fitzgerald was so glad to get away from that other topio on which ho had haplossly stumbled that ho began, and gave this old gen tleman a very fair notion of tho stale of his affaire —of his struggles to obtaiu a place in the London litorary world, and so forth. He named no names except the naracB of newspapers." " It is to me a very interesting story, for a reason I will toll you presontly," said bis com panion. " May I ask if you chanced to meotMr. Noel?" " Mr. Nool was the editor of a great daily news- paper in London, and his name was pretty well known. " No, I novor did," said. Fitzgerald. " Perhaps you did not apply to him?" " No— I had no moans of introducing myself — even if I had thought " " Ah. Well, you boo, it happons that I am ono of tho proprietors of tho , and I should bo delighted to givo you a note of introduction to Mr. Noel." Of course Fitzgerald expressed his gratitud for this friendly offer, but rathor avoided accept ing it. Ho had learnod ono or two of tho lessons of life. His imagination was not so sanguino now. Tho timo was ovor when a chanco con versation in an Irish inn could suddenly reveal to him a roseate path to famo and fortune. And besides, what would bo tho nso of an introdue. tion? Suppose ho were, to bo allowed to writo for that great newspaper, what then? For whom? Towards what end? Who was to earo ? He had what money ho wanted ; tho struggle was ovor ; ho had ' no ambition to make his voice hoard amid tho discordant roar of London — avon if it could roach alt the way from tho solitudes of Boat of Garry, Nevertheless ho felt very grateful to this old gontieman for tho distraction his conversation had affordod during dinnor, for it was with a re newed and agitated fear that ho passed quickly by tho small table in tho hall where tho visitors' book lay. For 0110 brief seooud ho pausod, half determined to bravo tho discovery, aud free his mind from tho lurking and iutolorablo dread ; and thon again ho turned, mastering his va cillation, and - resolved to givo way to no sueli weakness. Of what concern was it to him ? Let tho dead past bury its dead, lie had put that black cloud behind him. HiB business was tho present. And bore, on this lorolysummor evening, amid tho quiet beauties of Glcngariff, was there not enough to oeoupy bis attontion? lie would do as thc3o others were doing, only ho rathor wanted to got away from them, nnd be alone. He got a boat, told tho boatman ho might go where ha pleased, and was glad to bo away from tho shore, and iu silence. Was it bocauso tho silence was so intonso that now and again somo air of an old familiar song soomcd to como float ing across tho abys3 of timo, speaking of othor nights and othor sceno3 that his heart romom- bored. This was not. Inisheon, this was Glen- gariff. look at tho -beautiful still bay, ut tho woodod islands; at the solemn hills. Far up in tho north-western heavens thcro is Btill a yellow glow of twilight ; horo along tho shore everything is pale and cold and | clear. In under tho islands tho water is of a . glassy blackness ; but the ripples catch tho glow : from tho sky, and tho blaek is barred with a faint gold. A heavy splash out thero tells that a salmon has leapt ; tho young herons high up in tho trees croak ns they aro being given their ovening meal ; in by tho ro-ks, under tho bashes, tho grey wot back of an otter comes up again nnd again silently to tho snrfaco until ho finally disappears. Thon thoy turn seaward (a white ghost of n boron rise3 from a creok and shows itself for a second or two crossing the shadows)and mnke way down byaMartollo tower, the night deepening in silence, a faint grey mist gathering along the lower hills, tho twilight still strong enough to show, far away, tho largo main sail of ayaciib lying at her moorings — a phantom thing on tho dark expanse of sea. And then slowly- homo again, over tho clear shallows, and as ono ncars tho landing place, a slight stirring of wind brings a scent of roses — from tho hedge there. It is a gracious evening. The stars come out one by one, the silver sickle of tho moon has arisen in the south, there i3 just enough of ripplo along tho shores to make a soft and continuous murmur. And 'tho roses make sweet tho night air. _ But what was this that went through his heart liko fire ? Ho was standing by the roso hedge, alone fornearlyall the peoplo had gonoindoors — dreamily listening to tho low murmur of tho water. But this other sound ? Thcro were two peoplo coming along tho road, and but vaguely seen in the gathering darkness ; and they woro quiotly singing together one of Mendels sohn's duets. Did he not know it?— tho pain, and tho sweotness and tho longing of it 1 And then, somehow, a bewilderment seizoil him : surely if bo wore to hasten away at this moment — if ho were to hasten away to Cork aud ascend tho hill and enter the small house there — he wonld find that all this black nightmare of tho past few weeks had been a ghastly dream. It could not bo that Kitty was a traitor — that sho had gono away from him — Kitty, whose ej-es had looked into his, who had pledged her life and her lovo to him in tho glou at'Inishcen, who had trembled in bis arms, and sobbed, and kissed him, as she bade him good-bye at tho shore. Ho would es- capo from this frightful thing ; he would go to Kitty herself. And tho noxt second a sudden, strango transformation takes place ; ho is iu a vision ; Glengariff has disappeared ; ho is at Audley Place 1 Look — he opens the small iron gato, and goes up the pathway, and rings tho bell. The sound of tho piano within ceases ; it is Kitty's footslop that is in the lobby. " Well, sir, havo you como for your singing lesson ?" "I havo como for a great many lessons, Kitty." They go hand-in-hand into tho warm little room ; Miss Patience is absent; the piano is open. "Which ono?" says Kitty. "'0 wert thou in tho cauld blast?' " No ; you can manago that pretty well. Somo day, when literature give3 out, we may have to sing that in a concert room ; and then you'll sea whether anybody can givo you a lead with tho accompaniment as well as I can. No ; wo'll try ' 0 would that my lovo woro whis pered.' Now let my hair alone ; and attoad to your business ; and pleaso doa't bawl as if you were singing at Limerick races ; but Bing as if you were singing to mo— at night— aud just us two in tho wholo world " Surely, if these two people— no doubt yonng people fond enough of each other— who were at this moment coming along the road to the Glen gariff Hotel, could havo known what agony they were indicting on ono who wished not to listen bnt could not refuse to listen, surely they would havo ceased their careless humming of tho old familiar air. He is standing by Kitty's side. She strikes tho first notes of the music ; and he loses his voice in hers, so anxious is he to hear her : " 0 would that my lovo wore whispered To thee tn a sfngto sigh ; Or murmuring in sweetest music, On swift zephyr's wing could fly — On zephyr's wing—'' The music stops. "Dear mo," she says, "what are you doing? What business have you with that? Don't you sco that's mine? I believo you are singing by car ; and not looking atho words atall " " They aro not worth much when you do look at thorn, are they Kitty ?" ho says, "That is not my business, nor yours," sho answers, with the asperity of a music mistress. " We have got to sing tho duot ; you can criticise the poetry afterwards. Now, you come in at tho proper placo— and leavo my hair alone, will you ? Miss Patience asked me if I had combed it with a furze-liush the othor night. Now——" And so they finish that rorso , and get through tho noxt very fairly. But presently when they como to — "And oven in .the dopths of thy slumber. Whan night spreads bur shadowy beams—" Kitty finds hersoif singing alone. She ceases, and tarns round and lifts up her soft pretty black eyes in astonishment and affected anger. "Well? What is it now? Why havo you stopped?" "It is so much nicor to hear you singing alono, Kilty ; I don't want to spoil it." "Am I to sing a duot by .myself ?" "I don't care what it is, so long as you sing it." "I thought you might have had enough of my singing by this timo." "Porhnp3 s'ou will bo thinking I havo had enough of you ? " "That's what you will ho saying some day, at all events," she unsworn, saucily. "And soon onough. Oh, I know what mon arc. Sighing their lives out over a littlo bit of your hair ; and then you marry thorn, aud before you know where you aro thoy wouldn't walk tho length of a draper's shop to buy a pair of gloves for you." " But you havo not been married so very many times, Kitty ?" " Don't ho absurd. I speak from observation. And I know you'll bo just liko tho rc3t. But novor mind ; it's very nico iu tho moantimo ; and you're looking such a bonny boy to-night ; and— and, in fact I'm going to ho vory kind to you, as I always am, and make you miserable, — so oftea and if his highness . that book over thcro, his sing anything ho chooses Ho places his hand on iter shouldc,. "And do yon really think, Kitty, that, grow indifferent to each other V ' "Don't toaso ; but bring tho book." I want yon to look at mo and say so. £ know what you mean when I seo your oyes," Sho keeps down her head. " For I havo heard strange things since I went to London ; but about women only. I havo heard it 6aid that a woman's eyes are alwayo wandering ; and if you look down a table dhCte you will soon fina that out ; that it is not safo to leavo a woman by herself who has a loving heart that she is likely, in your absence, to become- gently interested in somebody olso " SI10 removes his hand from her shoulder, with a quick gesture. "It isnt truo Kitty?" ho says with gentle ness, "I know tho man you moan— and I hato him !" she answers fiercely, " It isn't truo, then, that women arc liko that ?" And then— ah I tho thought of it 1— sho leaps to her feot, and seizes his arras, and there is» proud indignation in tho whito, up-turned, quivering faco ; and thero is something like tears in tho black, soft oyos, and tho pretty lips ar® tremulous. " Read ray oyc3, read ray heart and my soul and say if you can think such a thing of me I " And then but thi3 dream of what was bygou® wa3 liko madness to tho brain ; ho could no longer think of it ; nnd happily these two peoplo had passed into tho house, and ho was once more alone with tho silence of tho night. But even here ho could find no rest tho darkness was too full of piotnre3. Ho passed into tho warm light of tho hotel, and in the hall mot the old gentleman who had talked with him at dinnor and who was now chatting with th® landlady. ' Ah, here yon are, I see ; I havo beon woaw deriug where you had go to. Here is the letter to Mr. Nool." " Oh, I am very mnoh obliged to you." " Yoa will find him a most excellent fellow; and it is not often I try his good nature iu thi® way. I think you aro doing too much for a stran ger," said Fitzgerald, frankly. "I know some- thing of newspaper offices. I know editors ar® not fond of letters of introduction. Supposing that I wore to begin and pester the life out of thi® poor man ?" " Oh, I am not afraid," said tho old gentleman,' good-naturedly, "Something iu your convcrsa- tion at dinner showed mo you had an old head on young shoulders. You will see," he added, speaking in a lower voice, and, iu fact, in a somewhat mysterious manner, "that I hava written to Mr. Noel merely as a friend. There are a number of proprietors, you understand, and as our interests might bo diverse, we have agreed novor to intcrmeddlo with tho conduct of tha paper, except on such large points as the hoard may bo summoned to consider." "I hope," said Fitzgerald, pleasantly, "that tho declaration of dividends is ono of these larg® points." " Marvellons !" said the .othor, pntting a finger on his companion's arm to cmphasiso his tragi® whisper. ''Marvellous. Not a word to a human soul ; bat last half-year tho managor an nounced to us a dividend of 85 por cont. on th® original capital I Think of that! Now, of course, we don't want to intermeddle with a con- corn that is paying like that ; and this note does not recommend you as a writer to Mr. Noel, but merely tolls him that I had tho pleasure of meet ing yon at the table d'hllc here, that you know something of literary affairs, and asking to ba nllowed'to introduce you. That is all. You un derstand ?" " Oh, perfectly. I am very much obliged to you." "Although I am n pretty withered old stick myself," said, the old gentleman, face tiously, " I believe in tho infusion of new blood— so does our manager— a most shrewd and oxceilont man. 'New blood,' I say to him : ' When you can get it,' says ho. Now I am off to my final hour at tho Encyclopedia, Where was I? Oh, yes, at London, tho account of tho great firo, very interesting, I assure you. But," he added, with impressiveness, " not too interest ing. I shall not sleep any the less sonndly to-night because I havo beon reading about th® baker's shop in Pudding-lane. " " Good-night to you thon," said Fitzgerald. "But not yet, if you are coming into thd drawing-room. Of courso you aro ; there ar® somo charming young ladies there. I have my volumo there too, their chatting or singing does not interrupt mo ; on the contrary, is it nob a plessant varioty to look up from Ancient Thebes or tho wars of Alexander and see a nicely- rounded cheek and pretty eyelids bent over a hook? I always keep my volumo there, though onco or twico tho wicked yonng croaturc3 hav® hidden it out of mischief." So ho went off and into tho warm, bright littla drawingroom ; and Fitzgerald was left in tha hall, no had a reason for lingering — which h® dared scarcely confess to himself. " You havo a good many peoplo hero," he said, cheerfully, to the landlady, or manageress, " for this timo of tho year. " "Oh, yes, sir, It is rathor a favorito times' Many people liko to go through and soo Killar- noy whilo tho hawthorn is still out." Ho was turning ovor the visitors' book, his faco and manner careless, his heart throbbing with a nameless dread. " Is Boat of Garry a pretty placo?" I10 asked. " Ob, yes, sir ; I believo so, sir ; I have never beon thero myself." Ho did not hoar that answer. Ho had como to three names, two of thorn bracketed together ; all written in the samo hand- Miss Romayno . Miss Putionco j l,QrK' E. L. Cobbs Liverpool. Ho shut tho hook quickly, without looking round ; ho dared not show tho landlady his ghastly faco. no took rcfugo iu tho drawing- room, concealing himsolf in a corner, with his hands clonchod on tho newspaper ho hold up be» fore him : tho letters ho saw before him Beemod jUl- ..ed in blood. And tben thoro was n ,„u of suEToAaticm in the air of tbo plnco ; Was fet41ie night hot ? Some pcoplo woro laughing ; it 'Was a'slraugo Bound. A chord was struck on Ike "piano ; and thero was silence. Two voices wsro heard— two girla' voices— ono soprano, tho other contralto— and what niUBt they sing but " 0 wort then in tho cauld blast t" His clenched Uands were trembling ; tho ngony was too groat. But ho managed to road on — and such reading I— shell blind, wild txing'thoeyes oh words that had Uomedning— nntil the musical piece wna finished; ajld thdu lio tluuk out, hia face averted, from tho room, and found safety, and coolness and timo lo.thihk, in his small apartment upstairs, (i ®nt even here, as ha sat down, Blrango fancies thht hbstrovoto banish came into his hoad. Why did he look so intently at the window-sill, at the dpoasitig-tablo, at tho mirror ? Tho mirror can rtfloct many facts ; but no traco remains. This bedroom must liavo been breathed in by mttny visitors ; hut hero was tho sweet fresh nirof the night blowing in at the open window. ,Whnt Idlo fancies were these? The room was but as another room. Ho got a book, hold it up against tho light, and began to read. I ; Ho read nothing. Tho window was still open ; (fUe:soit night-air blowing in ; nnd jot the room scorned to choke him. Then all at ouoo he seemed to know that Kitty had occupiod this room. Sho hfti kissed hor lover out thoro in tho passago ; hc had come in hero to ho alone with hor per- jitjrod hoart ; she had looked in tho mirror to sea jrbethor her eyes had boen lying aa bewitch ingly as was thoir wont. These wero tho eyes with Vliioh sho had sought him out when, breathless 2nd smiling, sho had como down to tho Cork sta tion to seo him away — glad, no doubt, that ho was going, and knowing that he would trouble fitr no mora. Sho had tukon back her love, Iter pledged lovo from him ,- but she could give him a baskdt, and salad cut with her own hands, ygta sho ncrt kind ? Was she not generous ? Had Bb'o not a woman's thonghtfulness and pretty Consideration and affectionate ways ? He could SCO her smiling, and kissing her hand to him, and Waring hor handkorchicf, oa the train slowly left tho station ; she was thankful, no doubt, sho had escaped ; sho had got through tho hypocrisy ; her eyes had mot his, but he had not read down docp enough, nor seen tho treachery of her heart, ( The air of this room seemed Contaminated ; ho Could not remain in it. Whs it 011 that window- sill there that she had loaned hor anus, on the still morning, and looked out ? Oh, her eyes wore pretty enough : any one passing along tho road and noticing her would say that was a oharming, enough face. Any kisses to sell this tncninft fair young-lady ? — it seems thoso things ofA bought now- a- days. Is the prioo high ? Must one hail from Manchester, or Liverpool, or some each commercial place, before one can bceomo a purchaser? Hearts, too : do they find quick buyers, seeing they aro so anickly transferrablc ? Bali !— sho is no woman fit for n man's lovo — throw hor out to tho dogs, tho smirking Jezebel I i He putdowa hia book ; he has not been reading mtieh.'; 1 /Why this contempt, tben? Why think scorn of poor Kitty, who (when she was at Inislieon, at toast) did her best to bo loving? Poor little Kitty ; the small, trembling, over fond hoart mis took its slrength. No doubt bIio wished to ho steadfast and true. Perhaps she tried for a .timo. But sho was a creature of the sunshine ; jjjio warm little hoart went daneingand fluttering on ; -what was it to her that behind her lay a tqan'sbrokon life ? ; . No, he could not remain in this room ; tho ob jects in it were horrible ; the air stifled him. He Went downstairs again ; got hold -of somebody to whom ho mado the excuse of sloeplosnes ; and so bad tho door oponod, and went out wandoring into the darkness. |, And now a brcevo had sprang up in tho south, and nil tho night was awake. The wind mur mured and tromblcd through tho dark - branches fti tfio trees ; there was a sound along tho shore ; ijtld tho sad mother earth was listening to tho |Waii of hor daughter nt sea. Only faraway in .jptestars — thoso oaim, and shining and bonightod orbs— did thero soom to bo pcaeo. If only ono Could reach them through the gatewny of tho grave. 