POETRY. OFF MESOLONGL By Alfred Austin. The lights ol Mcsolongi gleam Before Die, nor the day ie gone; And vague ae leaf on drifting etream My keel glides on. No mellow moon, no eta re arise; In other lands they shine and roam ; All I discern are darkening ikies And whitening foam. So on those lights I gate that seem Ghosts of the beacons of my yonth, Ere, rescued from their treacherous gleam, I steered toward truth. And you, too, Byron, did awake, And ransomed from the cheating breath 01 living adulation, stake Greatness on death! Alas, the choice was made too late, You treated fame as one that begs, And having drained the joys that sate, Offered the dregs. The lees of life you scornfol brought, Scornful ebe poured upon the ground; The honoured doom In ebame you sought You never found. " The Spartan borne upon his shield" Ie not the meed of jaded lost; And ere yonr feet could reach the field Death claimed your dust. Upon the billow, not the rock, Like meaner things you ebbed away. Yearning in vain for instant shock Of mortal fray. The futile prayer, the feeble tear, All that deforms the face of death, You had to bear, whilst in your ear ■Hammed battle's breath. You begged the vulture, not the worm, Might feed upon your empty corse ; In vain I jnst Nemesis was firm 'Gainst late remorse. Too much yon asked, too little gave, The crown without the cross of strife. What ie it earnB a soldier's grave ? A soldier's life. Think not I come to taunt the dead, My earliest master etlll is dear; And what few tears I have to.ehed, Are gathering here. Behind me lies Ulysses's isle, The wanderer viae who pined for borne, But Byron 1 neither tear nor emile Forbade yon roam. Yarns was that bitterest mortal fate, No choice save thirst or awinish trough; Love's self bat offered sensuous bait, Or virtuous scoff. Yet was it well to wince and cry For anguish, and at wrong to gird f Beet, like yonr gladiator, die Without a word! There be who in that fault rejoice, Since eohe survive as sweetest lays,! And yours remains the strongest voice Of later days. For me, I think of yon as One Who vaguely {fined for worthier lot Than to be blinked at like the eon, Bat found It not. Who blindly fought his way from birth, Nor learned, till 'twas too late to heed, Not Ml the noblest songs are worth One noble deed. Who, with the doom of glory cursed, Still played the athlete's hollow part, And 'neath his bay-green templee nursed A withered heart. On, silent keel, through silent set, I will not lend where He, alas 1 Jnst missed Fame's crown. Enough tor me Tbgase, and pass. 