LITERATURE Original Poetry. Lines Written by Night. E. COLWELL. ABOVE my head from polo to pole A vast oxpanse of liquid blue, The starlit heavens meet luy view, But bring no comfort to my soul. But bring a sense of lonclinesss; Ah! would that one wore here to toll In whispers low, the magic spell Such evenings work on my distress— The spell that works with dire effect Would then not harm, but heal, my woe; The wind would sing In whispers low Sons wafted home—not husbands wreokt. But since I stand on alion land, Lonely in heart, though not alone, Tho winds will murmur and make moan Of corpses washed upon tho strand. The curlew Bhrioka from out tho night Liko Bomo poor spirit racked with pain, Or ghost for ever doomed in vain To follow still a lying light. The wild dog, howling in tho waste. Culls to a ghoulish feast his mate; Now, night seems black with lust and hate, Which once I loved as puro and chaste. I hear no music of the spheres As I was wont at eventide When Btanding, friend, by thy dear sido "In summer months of vanished years.' The Btare wore orst the beacons clear That angels lit, to show whero lay Through pits and snares tho narrow way, When I was lost in doubt^ind fear. But now—they seem cold pitiless eyes That watch mo flounder in the mire, That mock me as I faint and tire, Or, falling, strive in vain to rise. Tho meteors that shot through spaco I deemed as ministers of light Sent down to guide us through the night; Thoy now hiss <TWrath," not whisper "Grace." And I, who breathed out to my friend My soul, boneath the starry wain, Seem but a speck on some vast plain That knows no boundary and no end. And if across the waste I call To friends ton thousand miles away— Whose day's my night, whose night my day- Strange on my ears the weird sounds fall. My voice goes wandering through the night Liko some lost soiil that seeks a homo, Through many a long week it must roam Before an answer brings delight. And yet, sometimes I hoar a voico Such as I heard in earlier youth, And know it Is a voice of truth, That Bpoaks from heaven, and crios "Rejoice!" That crieß " Rejoice,"—that "Courage" cries; "Faint not, nor linger by tho way; If long tho night, the coming day Shall last through all eternities. "And in that day that cometh soon The truth shall stand out clear and bright. Not scon by glimpses, by the light Of flickering star or pallid moon. "Alono, when God is by thy side! And sad, when thou hast noble work t How can such selfish Borrow lurk, When thou remomberest Christ who died?" 