LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. OUTWARD MAILS—Close3 for the United Kingdom, Continent of Europe, India, China, etc, on 's Monday frown. at 5 p m, MAIL DELIVERY.—The mails per Mangana, will be delivered at the General P. Office to-night at 10 o'clock. CAPTAIN MITOHEL.L—The friends of Mr John Mitchell, Master Mariner, well known in this city, will be glad to hear that he has been appointed by the Admiral of the Russian Squadron as pilot. He left in the Afrika on Thursday morning, and will aot in that capacity to pilot them to the Australian ports they call at, and New Zea* land also, THE LAMPLIGHTER. — This very useful personage has forced upon us a portion of his responsibity. We have hesitated for some time, trusting that he would have the lamp repaired. Night follows night, and yet no light. Ghosts, hob gob* lins, and other unsociable critters, may take advantage of the dark* ness to trick some pei, weuding homeward along the dreary thoroughfare, Patrick-streetto Church* street. NEW SOTFTHI WALES.—We have been favoured with a statistical aud descriptive account of the colony of New South Wales up to the end of 1881. The compiler and editor, Mr. T, Richards, Government printer of New South Wales, has apparently taken muoh trouble with the production, which has been issued to the publio very creditably. On perusal we find that up to the end of 1881 the length of telegraph wire laid was 13,683 miles, which is in excess of the remainder of the Australasian colonies. The revenue from this source was £l00 5000» The postal lines extend to 5,246 373 miles, the revenue from which amounted to £221,479. The sub* sidizedmail line between Sydney aud San Francisco is maintained by the Sydney and New Zealand Governments, at a cost of £72,500. This work will be further referred to in our next issue. LITERARY.—A large sale of Literature was held yesterday morning by Burn & Son. The works put up for sale were multifarious, comprising History, Memoirs, Classical works, Poetical works, Scholastic TORKS aui NOTCIS. Tbe u. works, consisting of some very rare and valuable editions are now on view at Mr. Allen's Book Depot, Elizabeth-street, opposite the Ship Hotel. Intending purchasers would do well to pay avisit to thisestablishment in view of a cheap speculation, before the stock is made up for export. A HOHV POET—While standing at Walch's coi'uur yeetei day afternoon with a well known enterpising tradespi u y »ung raau came up and recited the following ditty — : " I bought this pipe at Allen's, I r.ever shall forget, I've smoked it six months and ten days, and it is nU jucy yet. The patent stem which is so simple to the ey% can be used for ever and a day, and will yet remain quite dry 'Tis a common shilling briar, not a pufted up G B D You can smoke it at a five hours stretch without feeling extraordinary. When he got this far l;e broke down, and said poetry required study, aud as we left him lie broke out afresh r At the Macquarie-street Zoo. On Sunday night my Loo Was insulted by a Russian, The biggest of the crew. She did not hesitate al all, But at him quickly flew. And oh, it was a caution To hear how he did boo. POLICE COURT—On Thursday two drunkards were fined 5s each. One woman for disturbing the peace was fined 5s, W". Johnson, 1 car proprietor , was fined 5s, costs remitted, for driving at a fast pace over the Elizabeth and Collinsstreet crossing. J. Dualop, for driving at a fast pace up Liverpool Street ou Saturday night, was fined 5s, costs remitted. Hopkins v. Eccles—The defendant was fined 10s and costs for working a horse with a sore shoulder.—Bowring v. Bowring—The plaintiff sued defendant, her husband, for the sum of £l per week for maintenance. Order made for 15s a week. Chas. Taylor was charged with burglary at Mrs Davis' shop in Elizabetustreet. The evidence being very pointed aga ; nstthe prisoner, he was committed for trial. At the Court yesterday two drunkards were fined 5s each. Margery Beeket, for using obscene language was fined 20s 6d, or one month. Eliza Brown for disturbing the peace was fined 20s and 6d, or one month. Orders were made against several persons under the Real and Personal Estates Duty Act. At the Court to-day, Albert A. Messiah, for obtaining money under false pretences to the sum of £3 15s., was remanded till Tuesday. W. Lennard, disturbing the peace, fined 5s, or 7 days, D. McICenzie, disturbing the peace, 20s 6d, or a month. THEY'VE GONE—The noble and the serf, the fair features and the swarthy features, which a discriminating reporter, under the influence of that rare beverage, tea with a dash of lemon, brought under the notice of a gullible public. But which a discerning public failed to notice. Of course what the public did notice was the mannerism of the crew ashore. THE AUSTRALIAN SQUADRON.—The following is the strength of the squadron— Commodore Erekine, « Nelson," 12 guns, 5S0 or-, T • Captain Marvel', " raid." 12 guns, iiO c.tow , C».•«• rs Wat«<vr " Miranda," 6 guus, 150 crew; Commodore Maxwell, "Cormorant," 6 Runs, 150 crew ; Captain Al'Lear,' Alert* (sur.) 4 guns 120 crew—Lt. Com. Richards, f Alacrity' (surv.) 1 gun 30 crew.—Lt. Com. Maturin, 4 Beagle' 1 gun 28 crew— Lt, Cora. Izat' Conflict', 1 gun 28 crew— Lt. Com. Sieveking. { Renard.' 1 guu 28 crew.—Lt. Com. King * Sandfly1 gun 28 crew. Total—16 guns. 1,402 crews. The 'Lark' 1 gun 30 crew, surveying s^ner. ILLUSTRATED PERIODICAL—The " Illustrated Australian News." contains a portrait of the Hon T. Henty, with a biographical sketch. Scenes on the Melbourne Cricket Ground during the match England v Australia. A portrait of the Russian Admiral, and incidents on shipboard, including the pastime with the tame bears on the standiug rigging. The reading matter for home readeas is well up to the mark. His EXCELLENCY—His Excellency the Governor has been making a round of the Government Charitable Institutions. The s s. Pinafore will make a fiehing excursion this afternoon, and a pleasure excursion to New Norfolk on Tuesday next THEATRE ROYAL.—The attendance at the Theatre Royal last evening, on the occasion of Mr Grattan Riggs' benefit, was such as would enable that gentleman to fully assure himself that Ho bar t playgoers have thoroughly appreciated his dramatic ability. The stalls and pit were crowded, while the dreBS circle contained a very fair sprinkling of patri.as and admirers. The pieces chosen were the " Irish Emigrant" and Handy Andy,'' in both of which Mr Riggs had a grand opportunity of doing nothing else but thrusting upon bis audience that acceptable receipt, " away with dull care ; laugh aud grow fat," an opportunity we need hardly add was eagerly embraced and readily responded to. The remaining characters were done full justice to, and although want of space prevents our dwelling at any length, we feel we would be doing au injustice to Mr Douglas did we omit tendering him & word of praise for the very able manner in which he supported Mr Riggs while the Irish Emigrant occupied the boards. At the close or this piece a most unmistakeable and equally enthusiastic call brought Mr Riggs to the footlights, and while there he thanked Hobart people for their very liberal support during his stay, and assured tbem that he would take away with him very pleasant recollections of his visit. On Monday evening Miss Myra Kemble makes her first appearanes. THE GOOD OLD DAYS—-'Sir Walter Raltigb," writes Aubrey," was the first that brought tobacco iato England, and into fashion, They had first silver pipes "Allen of Eliaabeth-streei, has lite modern merschaum, in the latest designs, at a small per-centage upon invoice figures," the ordinary people made use of a walnnt shell and a straw. "Allen of Elizabeths'l'eet, lias got cherry wood bowls with reed stems, which for sweetness and cheapness cannot be surpassed", I have heard my grandfather say that one pipe was* handed from man to man round the table. "Allen's large and varied stock will not admit of a return to that system." Within these thirty five years (1680), it was scandalous for a divine to take tobacco> "Allen divines the smoker's comfor*.' It was then sold for its weight in silver; and I have heard some of our old grown neighbours say that when they went to market, they called out their biggest skill ingsto lay in the seal es against the tobaooo. "ALLEN of 17, Elizabeth- street,opposite the Ship Hotel, would find much plea* sure in following the custom of our an* costors. 