TURF GOSSIP. [By Tbumpatob.] Backers had a right good time of it at Caul jGeld on Saturday. Favourites came rolling in with a regularity that must have been perfectly agonizing to the Ring, who were strnck in every direction. Beginning with the Hurdle Race, odds of 6 ,to 4 were laid on Rhesus, .then 6 to 4 was taken Glowlight, and to crown all Left Bower started at 6 to 4 in a field of fourteen for the GrandJNational, and |won as he liked, while the only others backed were Chrysalis and Jack Scandal, who ran second and third. Here backers find (jumping races the most difficnlt events they have to deal with, but in Vic toria, as in England, the case is very diffe rent, and bookmakers dread hurdle races and steeplechases as much as they do a selling race. Left Bower has been in waiting since his double event victory at Warrnam bool, and although at 11 st. 12 lb. he was well in on his best form, his running at Caulfield stamps him, now that Himalaya has gone, as about the best chaser in Australia. The Ghost, who will be remembered as once the property of Mr. John Harvey, of Salisbury, was ornamented with blinkers on Saturday, and by his victory over Respite, Messrs. John Thompson and Harry Haines got back a good deal of the money the horse cost them in his previous attempts to win a race in Victoria. When he likes to gallop, this roan son of Tregeagle can go a great pace. Mr. Donald Wallace gained two victories during the day, and apparently this liberal sup porter of the turf is to have better luck this season. Duenna, the winner of the Sapling Stakes, was sold at the Neatsfield sale in Sydney for 305 guineas, but she is not engaged in the Maribyrnong Plate. Mr. Thomas Jordan has three sires at the service of the public this season. Talk o'-the-Hill, who in spite of all that has been eaid and written to his detriment, is one of the most successful stud horses in Australia, will stand at 12 guineas; and as he never fails to get stock that can win, any thoroughbred mare put to him is likely to repay her owner the old horse's fee with interest. Mr. Jordan's mares are nearly all by Talk-o'-the-Hill, con sequently he has little need of the grand old son of Wild Dayrell, and the public have a splendid opportunity of availing themselves of his services. Emulation is looked upon by many sound judges as the most promising horse in the colony, and ten guineas is a very reasonable charge to make for the use of a horse whose year lings made such good figures at the sales in May, A better bred horse than Emulation it would be impossible to find; and his per formances on the turf stamped him a sound, consistent, and really good horse. At five guineas Lockleys is dirt cheap; and the un lucky son of Talk-of-the-Hill and Zillah is filling put into a magnificent horse. Al though foaled in the same year as First King, Chester, Cap-a-pie, Woodlands, &c.;, LockieyB was even by comparison with these giants—a racehorse of the first order; and he should not want for patronage at the stud. Irrespective of the pecuniary loss to his owner, all lovers of a really good horse will regret to hear that on Saturday last it was found necessary to destroy Himalaya, the best steeplechase horse in Australia. Since Simpleton broke down and SuBsex retired to the stud, Mr. Webb's huge grey horse has been the recognised champion of Australia wherever big fences were concerned, and no one who saw the race will forget the fight he made under 13 St. 3 lb. against Prima Donna, 9 st.f in the V.R.C. Steeplechase last November. Winning under these heavy burdens was just beyond the big grey, how ever, and since his victory at Laura last year he had never scored. In the last Grand National he iiyured one of his hocks so badly that Rcwe had to place him in slings. He was getting on very well up to last Friday, when his supports gave way and let the old horse down. The fall resulted so seriously that it was determined to destroy the old fellow, and on Saturday a friendly bullet put an end to Himalaya. We nave received a copy of "the Aus tralasian" Turf Register for 1882. It contains particulars of all the moat important race meetings held in Australia and New Zealand during the last season and a variety of other information useful to sporting men. Barmaid, a little mare that created a great surprise about two years ago by beating Pawnbroker in the Orroroo Handicap, but has done nothing since, put some money into her spirited owner's pocket on Wednesday after noon, when she made a holy show of poor old Dutchman in a match. The style in which she won is proof of her ability to gallop, and Mr. Cummins was very wise when he made the match in sending his mare to Tothillto be prepared. They cannot run without con dition, and it must have been purely owing to this want that Barmaid has run so badly in her up-country engagements during the last two years. She ran the three miles on Wed nesday in 5*46, and I think the record might have been reduced to 5*40 if the mare had been ridden out. Dutchman has had enough racing, and his owner will save money by throwing him out of training. Mr. Blacklcr informs me that Conrad was very bad after nis journey from the South Bast, and he feared at onetime that he might lose him. The old fellow is blessed with a vigorous constitution, however, and during the last week he has picked up famously, _ Mr. baviil bad a splendid trip to Mel bourne, and has taken up his quarters at the Pastoral Hotel, The Hebrew set to kicking as he was being taken off the boat, and lamed himself, but tnc injury is not expected to keep him out of work long. At the Newmarket sales in July a filly by Bluegown out of Salamanca realized 410 guineas. Salamanca is the dam of Zelplia, a mare in Mr. Blackler's stud, and the dam of The Englishman. Mr. W. A. Long, of New South Wales, is still a very prominent figure at the yearling sales in England. At Mr. Chaplin's sale he offered over 3,000 for Pclligrino's half-sister, and at the Mentmore distribution bought a colt by Kisbcr out of Hermioiic for 600 guineas. At Caullield on Saturday a promising steeplechaser named Sara field brake very badly, and it is thought that he will not race again. Speaking of Cunnamulla, the Cup favourite, " Augur" says:—" At last there is an esta blished favourite for the Melbourne Cup, and this is no other than the last Sydney Cup winner, Cunnamulla, who has rapidly risen to the top position. The cause of this demonstration in his favour was, no donbt, the position he occupied in the Winter Han dicap run at the Sydney Turf Club meeting, wherein the sou of Maribyrnong carried 9 st. 51b. and ran third, coming so fast at the finish as to favour the idea that he might have won had the distance been a mile and a half. Carrying such a weight into so pro minent a position settles the question as to Cunnamulla's weight-carrying ability, and there can be no doubt respecting his pace and staying powers, of which he gave exhibi tions at the last Hawkesbury and A.J.C. meetings. Cunnamulla is bred quite well enough to win any Melhourne Cup, for he is by Maribyrnong from Javelin's sister Jessa mine, by Yattendon, a rare combination for speed and stamina. Balmoral.who won this Winter Handicap, is by the Victorian-bred horse Winchelsea (son of Boiardo and Dora), and as he also proved victorious in the Loftus Handicap at Tattersall's meeting, I should take him to be a very useful animal. Unfor tunately he iB not engaged in any of the big spring handicaps, nor is Twilight, who also ran well at the two meetings decided in Sydney last week. The same authority has the following con cerning touting at Flemington" The Secre tary of the Victoria Racing Club has for warded copies of the following circular to the Flemington trainers:—"100, Bonrke-street west, August 14,1882. Dear Sir—Complaints : have been made by some owners that touting has grown to such an extent that the public know more about their horses than they do themselves, and that they intend taking their horses from Flemington to train elsewhere. With the object of preventing this, it was suggested to plant round the inner side of the training tracks, and also the slopes of the banks, so that in a few years touting would be impossible. This is objected to By some, as being inconvenient to trainers, in preventing their watching the performances of horses under their charge. The only object I have is to render the train ing tracks at Flemington as perfect as pos sible, and, with this aim in view, I widened the track at the turn, and laid a three-inch water-main to Keep tne tracKS in gooa conai tion during the hot dry months. I shall feel obliged if you will kindly give me your views oA the subject, and favour me witn any sug gestions you may have to make.—-Yours faithfully, H. Byron* Moore, Sec. V.R.C." It is only a few months ago that Mr. Moore erected a palatial edifice for the convenience of those whose duty it was to record the training operations at Flemington. This ridiculous eyesore was removed before the season commenced, and now he goes on the other tack, because the public know something about what is doing at Flemington. I would remind the worthy Secretary of the V R.C. that he is a public servant; that the Flemington race course was granted by the Government for the recreation of the public ; that the money of the public made the V.R.C. the rich insti tution it now is; and that the public will not be slow to resent any infringement upon its rights and privileges. If there are owners who think the doings of their horses - will not bear the light of day let them remove them from Flemington. Nobody will miss them: but once let the V.R.C. interfere with the publicity of the doings at Flemington, and within six years the V.A.T.C. willtake the premier position. The best of- the joke is that the trees planted by Mr. Moore are mostly elms, which are leafless for about seven months in the year. Mr. Wilson declared the weights for the Park Meeting on Thursday, and two scratch ingB have taken place, Encounter having been withdrawn from the Hurdle Race ana Intrepid from the Steeplechase. The A.R.C. handicapper has a much higher opinion of Surprise than has Mr. Hughes. Ravenswood was scratched for the Hold fast Handicap at 2.45 p.m. on Friday, and Brigand for tne S.A, J..C HurdleRace at 11.6 on Saturday morning. The following paragraph is from the Weekly Times:—" A telegram was received in Ade laide abont a fortnight since from Mr. John Wilson, of Mammoth Circus renown, who sailed for India in the ship Rollo nearly two months ago, stating that the vessel had en countered very severe weather, and they were then only 400 miles from Adelaide, and that they had lost the hurdleracer Jack, the two year-old Syndicate, and the circus horse Abdallah. Considerable sympathy is felt for the enterprising circus proprietor, whose loss iB almost irreparable, not so much on account of the racehorses {though Jack—for whom ' Mr. Wilson was offered £600 before he left Victoria—was one of the earnest horses that ever looked through a bridle, and Syndicate was a promising youngster) as the unfortu nate loss of Abaallah, who was .one of the moBt highly trained performing horses in tbe world." About 300 persons visited the Old Course on Wednesday afternoon to see a match for £100 a side oetweer Mr. ft. Low's Dutch man and Mr. Cummins's Barmaid. The distance was three miles, and the horses ran at catch weights. D. Boase rode Dutchman at about 6 st. 7 lb., and a youngster in Mr. Filgate's stable was on Barmaid at 4 st. 7 lb. The betting was 6 to 4 on Dutchman, and at this price there was a good deal of wagering. When Mr. J. H. Aldridge sent them on their journey Boase took the favourite to the front, and riding him from the start he took a lead of six lengths for a mile, when the old horse became so slow that the boy on Barmaid could not hold his mare behind, and passing the Stand she was in frontpullingaouble. From this out it was no match, as Barmaid went on at her ease, and won pulling up by twenty lengths in 6 rein. 46 sec. Tattersall's correspondent telegraphed from Sydney yesterday that since the hrst day's racing at Hawkesbury Masquerade has come with a rush for the nandicai), and 4 to 1 was taken about his winning. Brian Born is hacked at 8 to 1, and Gipsy Cooper at 10 to L Kiugsworth ana Suwarrow arc friendless Mr. De Mestre's horses, Sweet William, Gudarz, and Navigator, look big, and may not be wanted for some time. Segenhoe is very firm for the Derby. Encounter has been scratched for the A.K.C. Hurdle Bace, Intrepid for the Steeplechase, and Triplet for the College Park Handicap. 