SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. PER R.M.S. ROMA. SINCE our last summary the weather has been very mild for the season of the year. Frosts have been experienced in numbers of places, but these were succeeded by days of fine warm weather very suggestive of early spring. There have been a few showers during the month, but nothing like heavy rain, which is now greatly needed in some parts to furnish the requisite water supply in the southern districts of tho colony. Indeed here in the metropolis we are suffering in some degree, as the Board of Waterworks, finding the Enoggera reservoir unusually low, have deemed it neces- sary to refuse any longer to allow the streets to be watered from their mains. At this season strong westerly winds frequently blow for several days together, and the effect on unwatered dusty streets may be imagined. It is, however, some consolation to know that the Corporation are arranging to pump water from the river to allay this nuisance, and the Board of Waterworks having obtained a loan of £80,000 from the Govern- ment have begun work upon a new reservoir at Gold Creek, which will drain an area of 2476 acres, and will have a storage capacity of about 389 millions of gallons. This, however, will not be available till the end of 1883, by which date it will, no doubt, be much needed. In this connection it may be noted that the subject of water conservation is now beginning to attract the attention which it deserves in this colony as well as in some others of the group, and it is understood that the Government are about to introduce to Parliament a bill dealing with the subject. At the present time there are two portable water boring machines being experimentally tested in different parts of the city. They are both constructed under Victorian patents, and, having been purchased by the Government, will be sent into the interior as soon as the tests are completed. The Municipal Council of Roma, the present terminus of our Western railway, have for some time been boring for artesian water, and the contractor has already attained a depth of about 300 ft. As yet no available water has been tapped, but the promoters of the scheme are sanguine of getting it, and are prepared to go down at least 600 ft. The Church of England Synod has concluded its sittings, and has not accomplished anything very notable. The chief thing which Bishop Hale and many members of the Synod aimed at doing was the creation of a tribunal such as exists in the principal dioceses of the other colonies, to take cognizance of breaches of Church discipline and ceremonial or matters affecting the moral characters of clergymen. This is with his Lordship, with a few of the clergy, and with many of the laity a matter of the gravest importance. The canon was specially directed against certain very worthy clergymen who favour what are called ritualistic forms and ceremonies. Many of the clergy felt very deeply on the matter, and expressed themselves strongly. The Rev. James Gilbertson said that he was an old man and had no private means, but if the canon was passed he would at once leave the diocese. The Rev. Thomas Jones, formerly of Brisbane for many years, more recently of Hobart, and now of Toowoomba, a most estimable gentleman, said he would at once leave the Synod, even if he risked his position in the diocese, if the canon was passed. The principal objections to the new law, if passed, were that the Church here would no longer hold the same position in respect to the English Church that it does now; that the Bishop would be putting into com- mission a power he possessed by virtue of his office; that the clergy, while quite willing to submit to their Bishop's ruling in all matters, would not consider a delegated authority to a tribunal binding upon them; and last, but by no means least, that it would be very unwise for any machinery to be made by which matters of ritual could be controlled until the Royal Commission sitting in England had given a specific report upon what should be deemed a breach of ritual or prescribed ceremonial. Mr. Jones, fortunately, has substantial provision of this world's gear independent of his stipend, and, therefore, can afford to have opinions of his own and to insist upon them. The only other matter worth noting was the adoption of a resolution making it imperative on the clergyman of every parish to endeavour to establish a branch of the Church of England Temperance Society. Some opposed it, arguing that such work ought to be altogether optional with the clergy, and others on the ground that the strict principle of teetotalism ought not to be insisted upon. However, it was carried, but of course its results will greatly depend on the zeal with which it is applied. But the really great matter for consideration with this Church Parliament was, as is often the case in secular Parliaments, "ways and means." The Anglican Church is undoubtedly the worst supported in the colony. Its ministers receive, as a rule, very small stipends as com- pared with the ministers of the principal Non- conformist churches, and, literally speaking, have to beg for what they do get. The Roman Catholic clergy here are also very poorly paid, but that is not because of the laity being un- generous ; on the contrary, they are wonder- fully liberal in putting down the coin ; but under the late episcopal rule the theory was held that the interests of the Church would best be served by laying up wealth in the shape of enormous purchases of land. This will probably be altered under the new regime, and the Church of the present receive more consideration than the Church of the future. In connection with the proposal to establish branches of the Church of England Tempe- rance Society, it may be noted that already two most successful meetings have been held in Fortitude Valley, Brisbane, and at Too- woomba, and the movement promises to become popular, as the evils of intemperance are but too clearly apparent to all. On Sunday, 18th June, the Right Rev. Dr. Dunne, lately appointed Bishop of the Bris- bane diocese, was consecrated to his high and important office. The Most Rev. Dr. Vaughan, Archbishop of Sydney, the metropolitan of the province, was consecrating prelate on the occasion, assisted by the Right Rev. Dr. Murray, Bishop of Maitland, N.S.W.; the Right Rev. Dr. Lannigan, Bishop of Goulburn, N.S.W.; and the Right Rev. Dr. Cani, Bishop of Rockhampton. The day will long be remem- bered by the Roman Catholic portion of the community. The ceremony was carried out with strictest attention to detail, but of course lacked much of that " pomp and circumstance" which would minister to the grandeur and impressiveness of a similar ceremony in the older Southern cities of Australia. It was quite lengthy enough, however, to satisfy the most exacting on that score. The sermon on the occasion was preached by the Right Rev. Dr. James Murray, who se- lected for his text words from the 28th verse of the 20th Chapter of the Acts of the Apostles :—" Take heed to yourselves and to your whole flock, wherein the Holy Ghost has pledged Bishops to rule the Church of God, which he had purchased with his own blood." A very eloquent discourse was rendered by the right reverend prelate. His lordship Bishop Dunne assisted at vespers in full pontificals, and at benediction was celebrant. Archbishop Vaughan delivered a powerful address at the evening service, full of poetic fire and Christian earnestness —an address such as we, unfortu- nately, too rarely hear in Queensland. Dr. Dunne's elevation to the bishopric pleases people of all denominations. He is most earnest in his own work, and will, where he can, work with the clergy of the other churches in matters social and charitable, and when he thinks he ought not to work with them he will not, unless it be a matter of con- science, contend against them. A Protestant gentleman presented him with an episcopal ring valued at about £80, and the Catholics of Brisbane presented him with his other insignia of office, consisting of a jewelled mitre, a silver gilt crozier, a pectoral cross and chain—of gold—and a bugia, or ceremonial candlestick, of silver. During the consecration ceremony the cathedral was crowded, and, as the majority of the seats meant 10s. each paid towards the work of finishing the front of the building, this ought to be in hand very soon. Indeed for the credit of the congregation there should be no longer delay, for the cathedral at present looks outwardly more like a ruin than a new building —a ruin lacking the dignity and consideration age obtains; even the coping stone and sym- bolical cross are wanting. Dr. Cani, who was consecrated to the diocese of Rockhampton, in Sydney, was installed in his new See on the Sunday preceding the cere- monies above mentioned. Since that time he has been presented by his Brisbane and Darling Downs friends with a very complimentary ad- dress and a bank slip of deposit showing a con- siderable sum of money to have been placed to his credit; a sum which will be further aug- mented, and will amount altogether to about £300. During the visit of the Roman Catholic Church dignitaries the Hon. Thomas McIlwraith (the Premier) entertained them at dinner at his house, Auchenflower. There was a large party present, including leading colonists of various denominations. A bazaar in aid of All Hallows Convent was opened by the Governor on the 3rd instant, and proved highly attractive. In addition to the gifts received from local patrons, some very handsome contributions to the bazaar were received from abroad, a number of ladies and gentlemen of rank both in England and on the Continent having aided in the work. The annual ball at Government House, which is held to celebrate the anniversary of' her Majesty's birthday, is the opening of a season of mild dissipation. During the month public balls have been given in aid of the Hospital and the Convalescent and Benevolent Home re- spectively. There have been many public concerts, that of the Brisbane Musical Union being a rather brilliant affair. These, together with the many private entertainments which mark our dancing season, have rendered Bris- bane very lively—socially speaking—of late. The long winter evenings have also been marked by an unusually large number of lectures, on a variety of topics. Two more of the School of Arts series have been given since our last summary—namely, that by Dr. Pren- tice on " Macaulay and his Critics," and by Mr. E. P. Field on "The Structure of the Lungs." "The Modern Newspaper," "Presi- dent Garfield," and "Work," have each formed the subject of an evening's pleasant discourse. Mr. H. C. Stanley, the Engineer-in-Chief of Southern Railways, has obtained a needed rest in the shape of twelve months' leave of absence, after seventeen years' arduous labour in the ser- vice of the colony. He has left for Europe by the P. and O. mail, and will return by way of America. The British-India mail steamers, and the supplementary boats which the company find it necessary to run, continue to land a large number of immigrants on our shores, but not so many but that all are absorbed into the population, and find ready employment at remunerative rates. The Camorta, a sister ship of the Compta, came up the river and discharged her cargo alongside the Brisbane wharf, but the Roma, the last mail steamer, has remained in the Bay. A letter from the managers of the company to the Premier, recently published, shows that every effort is being made to meet the wants of our trade, and that, in addition to four boats to be released from the Indian trade by new ones lately built, the company are having two new vessels constructed specially for the Queensland service, and fitted for the accommodation of emigrants and for the conveyance of frozen meat. The number of remittance immigrants arriving here has greatly increased since the plan of bringing them out by steam vessels was adopted. During May there were 460 immi- grants nominated by their friends in this colony, and the number for June closely approximated 500, a rate which of itself would be sufficient to fill the monthly mail steamer. The Marine Board inquiry into the wreck of the A.S.N. Company's coasting steamer Rane- lagh resulted in the suspension of the captain's certificate for three months, the chief officer and the second and third officers being also censured. The vessel herself, having been got off the reef upon which she had been stranded, has been taken to Sydney, where she will be thoroughly repaired. Bushranging has not of late years been pursued in Queensland with any very great amount of success, but we occasionally hear of a threatened outbreak on a small scale. A man in Maryborough recently purchased a revolver, and set about " sticking-up" the Australian Joint Stock Bank. He was warmly received by Mr. Male, the accountant, a young fellow, aged about 23 years, who fired four shots at the intruder, and though they had not the effect of inflicting any wounds they were enough to cause him to cry out " Enough! I'll put down my shooting- iron." This candidate for notoriety as a robber was then arrested, but has been pronounced by a medical man to be "As mad as a March hare." Young Male's pluck has been generally commended. The Day Dawn gold robbery at Charters Towers appears to have been a very daring piece of rascality. A crushing had been com- pleted at the Excelsior mill, lately purchased by the Day Dawn Company, and there were four or five men employed about the premises. The retort was on the fire some distance away from the mill, and contained about 1600oz. of amalgam, representing between 400oz. and 500oz. of gold. About 2 o'clock on the morn- ing of 16th June the watchman, who had been minding the pot, went over to the tables and began to scrape them. After a few minutes he went back and the retort was gone. Since that time the police have been busily endea- vouring to trace the plunder and the thieves, but apparently without success, until a few days ago, when a man named Silas Eddy was arrested on board the steamer Elamang, just as she was about leaving Townsville for the South, on a charge of being concerned in the robbery. A large sum of money was found on the pri- soner. On Wednesday last Edward Thomas, a miner lately from New Zealand, was also arrested at Charters Towers for the same offence. 