ALL SORTS ANti CON DITIONS OF MEN. A .NOVEL. BY WALTER BESANT AND JAMES RICE, Authors of : " Beady-money Mortiboy," " Th Golden Butterfly," " By Cella's Arbour," " The Chaplain of the Fleet," &c.;, Ac., CHAPTER XXIX. THE FIGUREHEADS. It whb Sunday morning, after breakfast, and Harry was sitting in tbe boarding house common room, silently contemplating his two fellow-boarders, Josephus and Mr. Maliphant. The circle at Bormalack's was greatly broken up. Not to speak of the loss of the illustrious pair, Daniel Fag? had now taken to live entirely among the dress makers, except in the evenings, when - their music and dancing drove him away ; in fact, he regarded the place as his own, and had bo far forgotten that he took bis meals there by invitation, as to criticise the dinners, which were always good, although plain, and to find fault with the beer, which came from Messenger's., Miss Kennedy, too, only slept at the hoarding houBe, though "by^sin°jufar| forgetfulness she always {aid the landlady every Saturday morning in advance for a week's board and lodging. Therefore Josephus and the old man for the most part sat in the room alone, and were ex&Uent; company, because the ill-used junior clerk never wanted to talk with anybody and the aged carver of figureheads never, wanted, a listener. Almost for the first time, Harry considered this old man, the rememberer of fag-ends and middlebits of anecdote, with something more than a passing curiosity and a sense of Irrit ation caused by the inoongniity of the kno creature. You know that whenever you seriously address yourself to the study of a jierson, however insignificant in appearance, that person assumes an importance equal to that of any lord. A'person you see, is an individiual,' or an indivisible thing. Where fore, let us not despise our neighbour. The ancient Mr. Maliphant was a little, thin, old man, with a few grey hairs left, but not many; his face was enwrapped, So. to speak, in a pair of very high oollara.and fife wore a black' silk stock, not very rusty, for he had boen in the reign of the fourth George a dapper young fellow, and possessed a taste in dress beyond the lights of Limehouse. But this was in his nautical days, and before he developed his natural genius for carving ships' figure heads. He had no teeth left, and their absence greatly shortened the space between nose and chin, which produced an odd effect: he was closely Bhaven; his face was covered all over like an ocean with innumerable wrinkles, crowsfeet, dimples, furrows, valley, winding watercourses, which showed the universal smile of an accurate 'map. His forehead, when the original thatch was thick, must have been rather low and weak; his eyes were still bright and blue, though they wandered while ne talked; when he was silent they had a far-of look ; his eyebrows, as often happens with old men,. had grown bushy mid were joined across the bridge; when his memory failed him, which" was frequently the case, they frowned almost as terribly as those of Daniel Fagg; his figure was spare and his iega thin, and be sat on one side of the chair withnis feet twisted beneath it; he never did anything, except to smoke one pipe at night; he never took the least notice of anybody; when he talked, he addressed the whole company, not any individual; and he was affected by no man s bappinesB or sufferings. He had lived so long that he had no more sympathy left; the world was nothing more to him; he had no further interest in it ; he hadgone beyond it and oat of it; he was so old that he b%d not a friend left who knew him when he was young; he lived apart; he was, perforce, a hennit. Harry remembered, looking upon this survival, that the old man had once betrayed a knowledge of his fatiffir' and of ths early history oftheCoppin and MeasengerfamUies. He wondered now why he had no£; tried to get more out of him.' It nvoiild' 4>esit family chronicle of small beer, but there could be nothing, probably, very disagreeable to learn aboi;t the, pareej* of the late sergeant, his father, nor anything about the Coppins. On this Simday- morning, when the old man looked as if the cares of the week were off his mind, his memory should be fresh—clearer than on a week day In the happy family of boarders, none of whom pretended to., take the least interest in each other, nobody, ever spoke to Mr. Mali phant, and nobody listened when he spoke; nobody, except Mr. Bormalack, who was bound by rules of politeness, took the least notice of bis coming or of his going: nobody knew how he lived or what he paid for his Once, itwaifcCT^ain, htfhad ieen in the mer cantile marine, Now hChad a "yard1; he went to this yard every day; it was rumoured that in this yard he carved figureheads ail day foi large Bnmfcof money! he came home in the even ing in time for supper; a fragrance, as of rum and water, generally accompanied him at that time; and after a pipe and a little more grog, and a few reminiscences chopped np in bits and addressed to the room at large, the old man would retire for the night. A perfectly cheerful and harmless old man, yet not' companionable. "Did you know my father,Mr Maliphant?" asked Harry by way of opening np the < conversation. "He was sergeant you know, in the army." Mr. Maliphant started and looked bewil dered: he had been in imagination somewhere oil' Cape Horn, and he could not gee back at a moment's notice. It irritated him to have to leave his old friends., "■your father, young gentleman?" he asked in a vexed and trembling quaver. "Did I know your father? Pray. Sir, how am I to know that you ever had a father?" "You said, the other day, that you did. Think again. My father, you know, married Caroline Coppin." "Ay, ay—Caroline Coppin—I remember Caroline Coppin. Oh 1 Y es, sister she was to Bob—when Bob was third mate of a East Ihdiaman; a devil of a fellow was Boh, though but a boy, and if living now, which I much misdoubt, would be but sixty or there abouts. Everybody, young man, knew Bob Coppin,"—here he relapsed^., into silence. When be spoke again, he carried on aloud the subject of his thoughts—"below he did his duty. Such a man, Sir, was.Bob Coppin." " Thank you, Mr. Maliphant. I seem $o know Bob quite well from your description. And now he's gone aloft, hasn't he? And when the word comes to pass all hands, there will be Bob with a bitch of his trousers and a kick of the left leg; But about my mother." " Young gentleman, how am I toknow that you were born with a mother! Law! ' law! One might as well—" here his voice dropped again and he finished the sentence with the silent motion of his lips. " Caroline Coppin, you know; your old. friend." He shook his head. '* Ho, oh ! no. I knew her when she was as high as that table. My young friend, she was.' How could'she be my old friend? She married Sergeant Goslett and he Vent out to India and—and something happened then. Perhaps he was cost away. A many get cast away in those seas." " is that all you remember about her ?" ' " I can remember." -said' the old .man, " wonderful lot of things ;'at times, Yo 'mustn't aBk ariy man to remember all at once. Not at his best, you mustn't, and I doubt I am hardly at what you may call my tip top ripest—yet. Wait a bit, young man ; wait a bit. Pve been to a many porta and carved figureheads for a many ships, and they got cast away, one after the other, but dear to memory still, and paid for. Like Sergeant Goslett. A handsome man he was, with curly brown hair, like yours, young gentle man. I remember how he sang a song in this very house when Caroline— or was it her Bister?—had it, and 1 forget whether it was before. Bunker married her sister or after Caroline's baby was born, which was when tho child's father was dead. A beautiful evening, we had." Caroline's baby, Harry surmised, was him self. ■ " Where was Caroline's baby born ?" Harry aBked. " Where should he be ? Why, o' course in his mother's own house." " Why should he be born in his mother's own house ? 1 did not know that his mother had a house." ' The old man looked at him with pity. u Young man," he said, " you know nothing. Your ignorance is shameful." "But why J" " Enough said, young gentleman," replied Mr. Maliphant with dignity, " enough said ; youth should not sport with age; it doth not become grey hairs to—to" He did not finish the sentence, except to himselft but what he did nay was something emphatic and improving,. because he shook his head a good deal over it. Presently he got up and left the room. Harry watched him getting his hat and tyinghismufBerabout his neck. When things were quite adjusted the old .man feebly tottered down the stepB. Harry took his hat and followed him. " Mqy I walk with you, Sir ?" he asked. " Surely, surely!" Mr. Maliphant was sur prised ; " it is an tfauBual thing for' me to have a companion. Formerly, they came— ah !—all the way from Hotherhithe to—to eing and drink with me." "Will you take my arm ?" Harry asked. The little old man; who wore black trou sers and a dress coat out of respect to the day. but although the month was December, no greatcoat—in fact he had never worn a greatcoat in all his life—was. trotting along with steps which showed weakness but mani fest intention; Harry wondered where he meant to go. He took the proffered arm, however, andBeemed to get on better for the support. "Are you going to church, Sir?" asked Harry, when they came opposite the good old church of Stepney, with its vast acres of dead men, and heard the bells ringing. " No, yonng gentleman, no, certainly not. I have more important business to look after." lie quickened his steps, and they left the church behind them. " Church i" repeated Mr. Maliphant with severity. " When there's property to look after, the bells may ring as loud as they please. Church iB good for paupers ana churchwardens. Where would the property be, do you think, if I were not on the spot every day to protect it ?" He turned off the High-Btreet into a Bhort street of small houses, neither better nor worse than the thousands of houses around; it was a cul de sac, and ended in a high brick wall with a large gateway in the middle, and square atone pillars and a pondrous pair of wooden gates, iron bound, as if they guarded things of the greatest value. There was also a small wicket beBide it, which the old man carefully unlocked and opened, looking around to see that no burglars followed., ■ HArry saw within a tolerably large yard, in the middle of which was a little house of one room. The house was a most wonderful structure ; it was built apparently of pack ing cases nailed on four or eight-square posts ; it was i furnished with a door, a window, and AChimney, all complete; it was. exactly like a doll's house, only that it was. rather larger, being at least six feet high and eight feet square. . The house, was painted: green, the roof was painted red, the" door blue; there was also a brass knocker; so that in other rCspects it was like a doll's house. . " Aha 1"- cried the *old man, rubbing his hands and pointing to the house. 4* I built it, young man. - This .ismy own house, that is; Ilaid the loundathmsf I put up the walls; I painted it.'' And I very well remember when ' it was. Let me see, Mr. Messenger, who was a younger man than me by four years, married in that year, or lost his son—I forget which," his voice lowered and he went on talking to himBelf—" Caroline's grandfather went bank- - rupt in the building trade; or her father, perhaps, who afterwards made money and left houses. And here I am. still. This is my property, young: gentleman, and I come here -every day to execute' orders. Oh! yes"—he looked about him in a kind of mild doubt— " I execute' orders. Perhaps the orders don't come in so thick as they did. But here I am —ready for work—always, ready, and I see my, old friends too, aha! They come as thick as ever, bless you, If the orders don't. Quite a gathering in here some days." Harry shuddered, thinking who these old friends might be. " Sundays and all I corni come here, and they come too. A merry company!". The garrulous old man opened the door of the little house.; Harry saw that it contained a cupboard with some' simple cooking utensils, and a fireplace, where the proprietor began to make a lire, and one chair, and a little table, and a rack_with tools; there were oIbo one or two pipes and a tobacco jab. He looked about the yard. A strange place, indeed ! It was adorned or rather Inrnished with great ships' figureheads, carved in wood, standing in rows and circles, some complete, some naif finished, some just begun; - so tbat there was a Lively Peggy with rudimentary features just emerging from her native wood; aud'here a Saucy ,Sal of Wapping still clothed in oak up to ber waist; and:here a Neptune, his crowned head only as yet indicated, though, the weather beaten appearance of his wood showed that the time was long since:he> was begun ;<ora Father Thames, his god-Uke. face as yet show-. ing like a blurred dreapi.. Or there were finished and perfect heads,, painted ana gilded, ■waiting' for the 'purchaser who never came. They stood or sat—whichever a head and shoulder can be said to do—with so much' pride, each so rejoicing in himself, and so" disdainful of his neighbour, in so haughty a - silence, thattjiey.seemed hunian,and belon ing to Ahe'Jiret .circlet of .43 .— >- —.—- -- j thought, toe,- that 'they eyed him furiously; as it he might be the long expected ship owner cometo'buyafigurehead.^ ■ " Here is property, young man 1 pried the old man; he Had lit his fire now ai and came to the door, craning forward and spreading hia hands. "Look at the beauties. There's' truth ! There s expression 1 Mine, young man, all. mine. Hundreds—thousands ot pounds here, to bo protected." ' " Do you come here every day?" Harry asked. " Every day. The property must be looked after." And do you sit here all day by yourself ?" " Why, wno else should I sit with ? And a man like me never sits alone. Bless your heart, young gentleman, of a morning when I sit before the lire and smoke a pipe, this room gets full o' people. They crowd in, they do. Dead people, I mean, of course. I know more dead men than living. They're the beBt company after all. Dob Coppin conies for one. Harry began to look about wondering whether the ghost of Bob might suddenly appear at the door.' On the whole he envied the old man his company of departed friends. "So you talk," he said; "you are the dead people." By this time the old man had got into his chair and Harry stood in the honse at the same time, to Bay nothing of inconveniencing and crowding the merry company of ghosts. " V ou wouldn't believe," said the old man, " the talks we have nor the yarns we spin, when -we're here together." " It must be a jovial time," said Harry. " Do they drink ?" Mr. Maliphant screwed up his lips and shook his head mysteriously. "Not of * morning," her ephedras if in the, evening the old rollicking customs were still kept up. And you talk about old times—Eh?" "There's nothing else to tfilk about, as I know." . " Certainly not. Sometimes you talk about my — about. Caroline Coppm's father I suppose. I mean the one who made the money, not the one who went bankrupt." "Houses," said Mr. Maliphant; "housesit was." "Oh!" "Twelve houses there were, all his own. Two Eons and two daughters to divide among Bob Coppin sold his at once — Bunker bought 'cm—and. we drank up the money down Poplar way, him and me and a few friends together in a friendly and comfortable Bpirit, A fine time we had, I remember. Jack Coppin was in his father's trade and he lost his money; speculated he did. Builders are a belivein people. Bunker got his houses, too:" "Jack was my cousin Dick's father, I suppose," said Harry. "Go ahead, old boy. The family history is reeling out beautifully. Where did the other houses go ?" But the old man had gone off on another tack. " There were more Coppins," he said: "when I was a boy, to be a Coppin of Stepney was a thing of pride. Josephas's father was churchwarden and held up his 1 head." " Did he, really ?" " If I hadn't the property to look after, I would show you his tombstone in Stepney Churchyard." " That," said Harry, " would be a great happiness for me. As for Caroline Coppin now "She was a pretty maid, she was," the old man went on. " Isaw her born and brought up. And she married a sojer." " I know, and her three houses were lost, too, I suppose." "Why should her houses be lost, young man?" Mr. Maliphant asked with severity. 'HouseB don't run away. This property " lie left doesn't run* away. When she died, she left a baby, sh6 did,* and when the baby was took —or web stolen—or something—Bunker said those houses were his. But not lost. You can't lose a house. You may lose a figure head?;" he,got. up and looked ojitsideto see if his Were rale. "Oratygdrum. But nbt a house." "Oh !"'HaTry started. " Bunker said the liouBes were his, did he ? " Of course he did." "And if the baby;had not died,-.those., houses would still be the property of that' baby I suppose." But Mr. Maliphant made no reply. -He was now in the full eqjoyment of the intoxication produced by his, morning pipe, .and was sitting in his armchair with -his feet'on the fender, disposed apparently for silence. Presently he began tb talk^as usual, to him self. Nor could he be indubed, by any lead ing questions, to remember anything more of the things which Harry wanted him to remember. .But he' let' his imagination wander. Gradually the room became filled with dead people, and he wastalkingwith them. Nor did heseem to know.that Harry , was with him atoll: t ■ - ■- ■ Harry slipped quietly away. Bhuttmg'.the door aftef dnm, so th« the.cdd nian pught be left quite alone With his ghosts.1 ' The yard, ■ littered ;with wood, crowded with tho figureheads, all " of which sepmed turning enquiring and jealous eyes'upon the stranger;'wis .silent and ghoBtly, ' Thither came the old man every day. to sit before the fire in his red and green doll's house, to cook his own beefsteak for himself,'to drink his glass of "grog alter, dinner, to, potter about among his carved heads, to talk to his.Mends the ghosts, to 'guard his pioperty1 and to ' execute the orderswhichneyercame. "For the shipbuilders who had employed old Mr. MalipHant were all dead'- and- gone "and nobody knew of hie yard any more, and ha bad it all to himself. The tide of time had carried away all his friends and left him alone; the memory of him among active m n> was gone; no one took any more interest in bim; and he bad ceased to care for anything;, to look back was his only pleasure. No one likeB to die at any time, but who would wish to grow so very old ?" And those houses I Why, if the old man's memory was right, then Bunker had simply appropriated his property. Was that, Harry asked, the price for which he traded the childaway? He went straight away to his cousin Cick, who, mindful of the recent speech at the Club, was a little disposed to be resentful. It fortunately takes two to make- a quarr 1* however, and one of thoBe two had no inten tion of a family row. "Never mind, Dick," he said, in answer to an allusion to the speech. ." Hang the Ciub. 1 want to ask you about something else. Now then. Tell me about your' grand father." <' • ' , " I cannot. He died bfefore I can remem ber. . He was a Shipbuilder." " Did he' leave property ?" " There were some houses, I believe. My father lost his share, I know. Speculated it away." . "Your uncle Bob. What became of.his shhref".:... ■ • t •' 1 'I1 Bob 'was- a* worthless chap. : He 'drank everything, so of course he drank up him houses." "Then we come to the two daughters. Bunker married one, and of course he got hi» wife's: share.; What became of my mother's. Bhare ?" "Indeed, Harry, I do not know." " Who would know ?" "Bunker ought to be able to tell you all about it. Of course he knows." " Dick," said Harry, ■ " should you be astonished to learn that, tne respectable uncle Bunker is a mighty, great rogue ? But say nothing, Dick. Say nothing. Let me consider how to bring the thing home to him." • ( To be continued.J 