Kotos on Current Events. . The blunders committed by our own officials in i dealing -svi'tli the late outbreak of small-pox -were certainly bad enough., but in tliat respect tlie authorities 01 tlie sister colony of Victoria appear to even less, advantage. During tJis many months that the -dosi ilen.ee ]ield its around in ? Sydney, 'we had repented assurances of tlie I vigorous measures which -were being taken ? to meet a similar visitation, if it should, I unhappily, occur in 'Melbourne. But the' ? disclosures just made in connection with ? the alleged presence pf small-pox in that m city, are a strange commentary on these assur ? anees. Wnat results might hare followed had I the disease manifested itself in a really serious I form, may be imagined from the scare occasioned ? by the discovery of the solitary (and still doubt I ful) case of the young vroman, Miss Southern. ? Her experiences, as related by herself and her ? mother in the columns of the 'Argus,' I of * the Quarantine Station, may well excite I the indignation of the public against those who I are responsible in that direction. Whatever may I have been the nature of the malady from which I she was suffering, she apparently owes it to a I vigorous constitution and. happy chance that it I did not terminate fatally. Evidently nothing1 I -was wanting on tlie part of the medical gentle I man to whose tender csze ehe was consigned to pro ? mote sucli a consummation. Accompanied by her I mother and a nurse, we are told, the unfortunate I patient arrived at the quarantine station at 2 I o'clock in the morning, and was left alone on the I deck of the steamer until 7 in the evening. She I , required wai-m drinks, but was neglected all I through the night, the doctor having insisted I on her mother and the nurse going ashore. I 'Ihiee days elapsed before he visited her again. I The nurse who was chosen to attend her seems I to have been a lady of the Mrs. Gamp type. I According to the statsment of Hiss Southon and I her mother, this ministering angel administered I drinks so freely to herself that she was in no fit I condition /bo attend to her patient. Finally the I mother succeeded in ejecting the nurse from the I room, and, by doing' so, very probably saved her I daughter's life. Altogether, these startling reve I latkms add a curious chapter to the history of I quarantine horrors in Australia. I A report comes from Melbourne to the effect I that ' complaint is made of the inferior quality I of coal supplied from Newcastle tinder the new I contract.' The coal is sr.id to bo slaty, and will I pot burn without wood. \V hat contract is referred I to — -whether the one for -the supply of the Gas I Company, or the one for the supply of the Govern I nient locomotives, is not mentioned ; but the rer I jport is likely to do serious injury to the I coal proprietors in Keweastle, who are parties to I the contractreferredto. Thatthe report- is grossly I eia-rgerated, if not absolutely untrue, we have I not Vho -hadow of a doubt. For, in the first I plact . v.-luie there may be something of the I nature of ;i coal monopoly in Newcastle, the I jnonopoly belongs to the district, and not to any I particular colliery or- collieries. Among the pro I prietors there is active competition for trade, and I it is riot conceivable that any of them would play I into the hands of, their rivals by such an utterly I stupid practice as that of filling their orders with I inferior coal. In . the second place, the shale I which exists in some of the coal Beams in I the district is simply compressed mud, I and therefore it will not burn either with I or without wood. At the mines from which I the Melbourne market is chiefly supplied, the I utmost care is exercised both inside and outside I of the pits to ship the coal as clean as possible, I end it is very seidom indeed that the vigilant I officers, whose duty it is to examine every truck I load that comes out of the mine, allow any slaty I coal to pass over the screens. The same care, I however, cannot be exercised in regard to what I is technically called small coal, and i*oin the very I reason that it is small, sometimes, in spite of all I ordinary precautions, a hundred weight of broken I shale will find its way into a six ton wagon load I of this coal, and prove slightly injurious I to the whole. The demand in Melbourne for I Email coal Js, we believe, very great, and pro I l-ably the consumers have found a few tons of I this kind to be deficient in quality, and hence the I damaging report. Whatever may be the failings I of the coal proprietors in Newcastle, they have I at least common sense, and none or them could I fce guilty of the suicidal folly of sending to one of I the largest customers coal of such a wretched I auality that it could be made to burn only by I mixing with it a large quantity of wood. I Sailors are well known to fce the most euper I etitious class in the world. 'When they first I acquired this reputation no one can tell, but it I %ras evidently a iirniiy established thing in the I days of Jonah, who -was compelled to experience I gome of its uncomfortable effects. Whatever may I be the opinion in regard to the prophet's being I ewallowed by the whale, there can be no doubt [ concerning the substance of the whole narrative, I for do not sailors to-day regard the cloth much in I the ? same way that the ancient mariners I of .Toppa regarded Jonah ? And in not the I inference just that the feeling originated I -with them, and under the circumstances nar I rated in the Eible ? Everybody is aware that I no sailor will kill a cat, or sail on a Friday, or go [ 5n a ship with perfect confidence if there is not a I horseshoe nailed on some part of the windlass. But the most recent illustration of this prevail ing superstition which we have met is one that would provoke the heartiest laughter because of I its absurdity, if it were not for the fact that it is I associated with an event that is most sorrowful. I On the way from Hew Zealand to Newcastle a couple of weeks ago, the captain of the barque Campsie Glen committed suicide in his cabin by cutting his throat. with a bi-oken bottle. For the puruose of exhibiting the body to the authorities, the mate kept it on board for 12 days ; but, on account of its becoming very much decom posed, it had to be buried in the sea before the vessel's arrival in Newcastle, During the time it was kept on board the crew were so terrified that no 'man would keep watch alone ; and on one occasion, at midnight, a gquall Btnick the ship, and displaced the booby I liat-ch, which so alarmed the man at the wheel, [ believing, as he did, that the ghost of the dead ' captain was coming on deck, that he made a bolt | for the forecastle, leaving the ship to take care of herself. Curious to relate, the vessel left ' Timaru for Newcastle on a Friday; in the opinion ! of the alarmed seamen, that audacious act was [ enough to Taise a dosen of ghosts. Landsmen tire, of course, free from superstition ; but how many of them would have stuck at the wheel at that midnight hour, when the booby hatch flew tip just above the place where the body of the dead captain lay ? .There is not the slightest prospect at present of the miners' strike at Newcastle coming to a Speedy end ; on the contrary, it is quite certain that it must last for at least five or six weeks longer. A couple of weeks ago the Borehole pit was' thrown open, after having undergone exten sive repairs, and work was offered to all miners who would accept it at the reduced rate named \\-y Mr, Gregson; the general superintendent. The result was that only two or three persons Bought employment in the pit. After waiting a number of days to see whether the men jm strike would give way, and no favonrable sign appearing, it was suddenly discoveredthat what is technically termed the pit top -was in $uch a state of disrepair that it would be neces sary to take the whole of it down, and erect a new top in its place. The work of demolition has now commenced, and five weeks at the least must elapse before the new structure can be com pleted. And until that work is finished no coals can be raised to the surface. It is most unfor tunate to all the parties concerned that there should be a strike at ihia particular time, for perhaps never in the history of Newcastle was there such a demand for coal as there is just now. *Ebe harbour is full of ships of every kind, seek ing cargoes for various paj-ts of the world, and althongh work is helng carried on at high pres sure at the pits in the districts which are in operation, the demand cannot fce promptly sup plied. The consequence is that ships are put to lireat exoense in waiting for Sheir loading, and; ' the effect of this must be to cans© .iheir owners to become disinclined to trade 'with the port. The ' loss to Hie ininerson strikeis, of contse, very creat- but it jflasnotMng compared with the loss irfnch is being sustained *y the A. A.; Company, jriiah, before tka wjawHon t& &e; five weka. referred to, will have amounted to at least ^25,000. The action of the management in pul ling topieces the pit top, thus makingit impossible for work to be - resumed for several weeks, will, doubtless, so exasperate the miners throughout the district that a general strike will be the result. Agitation has been going on for some time to solve the Borehole difficulty in this way, and now the agitators have really something taneible to work upon. Any thing more deplorable than a general cfcrike at this juncture couldnot b.s conceived ; but there is nouse of one closing one's eyes to the possibility of its taking place at any moment. Mr. Gregson, doubtless, knows the business of his company better than any outsider does; but the significant fact to the shareholders is that whereas the shares about 12 months ago were worth from .£70 to £75 they are at present worth only a little more than half of the latter sum. The miners may be at fault, or Mr. Gregson may be at fault ; but, meanwhile, the 'stock of the noblest pro perty in Australia ia becoming depreciated in value. Schoolmasters at the present day are, as a rule, more disposed to err on the side of clemency than on that of {severity, with regard to their pupils. The roa has ceased to play the important part which it once did in the education of youth. On ' the whole, perhaps, it may be said that the change which has taken- place in that respect is one of questionable advantage. The resort to milder methods of improving the minds of the young with'a sense of their duties towards their fellows, or inspiring them with a wholesome respect for authority, parential or otherwise, has, in many instances, it must be confessed, proved less efficacious than did that ancient eyet-om which, enforced its lessons regularly through the medium of the birch. Mr. Patrick Syan, of St. Bede's Catholic school, Pyrniont, would at all events seem to have been profoundly impressed with that conviction. Bather more bo, indeed, than could be desired. In his treatment of an unruly boy he certainly illustrated the fashion of the old flogging pedagouea with, a vengeance so thoroughly that it would be just as well if Mr. Patrick Eyan were afforded an opportunity of exercising his talents in 6ome other sphere than that in which he moves at present. A man who could beat a child of ten years of age black and blue, and at the same time persuade him self that he was only administeing proper cor rection, is very much out of place as a teacher, at least according1 to our notions as to the kind of control which such a person should have over his temper as well as over his scholars. 