MURRUMBURRAH RACKS from our special correspondent, The two days' racing of the Murrumburrah Turf Club are a thing of the past. The racing "was of a first class order, and although the attendance was not as numerous as on previous vears. mvincr nn doubt, to the very dry season, yet we are sure everybody enjoyed themselves. ' We did not notice onecase of drunkenness during the first day and must congratulate the officials for the manner in which they performed their various duties. The following is a result of the racing Maiden Plate.— i# mile. 'i''. Coolabah '. 1 i<; Rockley 2 ' j Blue Bfelle 3 Secret, Hanlon, Avondale, Slim Jim, and Clant also started, and after a great race Coolabah was landed a winner by about a length from Rockley: Blue Belle a good third. Mile Handicap. Tlio Knave I Faith 2 Kali ..u After giving the starter a lot of trouble, the two went away to what the stewards considered a false start, and when they returned it was decided that the race should be run over again in the afternoon, when The Knave and Faith ran a dead heat, and in the run off The Knave won as he liked. Publicans' Purse.— i'/2 mile. Doctor, 5 st 10 lbs I Peer, 0 st 3 lbs 2 Musjia, 7 st 10 lbs 3 Valentine and Kali also started. Mr. Poplin scratched Coquette. Valentine was very much fancied at starting and led the field at a merry pace for the first half mile, when he bolted off the course, and the Peer took up the running and maintained the premier position till the mile had been travelled, when the Doctor made an effort and a desperate race ensued between him and the Peer, the former winning a race that reflects credit on the handicappers by about a length; Peer second, and Musjid a good third. Hack Race.— i mile. llanju 1 True Love .. > HIgb Flyer 3 This was a good race and was won by Banjo after a hard struggle. Prince of Wales Selling Stakes. — 1 mile. Orphan Girl 1 Clara 2 Malefactor .. ..3 Hanlon, Angler, and Slim Jim also started, but shortly after starting, Orphan Girl went to the front and won as she liked. On being submitted to auction, the marc was knocked down to Mr. R. Roberts for 30. Second Day— Thursday. The following is the result of the second day's racing : — Flying Handicap. Rockley 1 Faith 2 Knave 3 Ladies' Purse. Orphan Girl 1 Slim Jim... 2 Mayfly 3 Town Plate. Doctor 1 Peer 2 Musjid. ) Dead Coquette ( heat. I Members' Handicap. Rockley 1 Orphan Girl 2 Malefactor 3 Forced Handicap. Musjid 1 Coquette 2 Peer 3 The Hurry Scurry. j Ghost 1 Crowded Out. — We are again very reluct antly compelled to hold over a large quantity of matter prepared for this issue. The Weather. — Since our last the weather has continued dry and excessively hot, the thermometer registering from 110 to 112 degrees in the shade. Yesterday afternoon there were indications of a change, and a very slight showfic of rain fell about four o'clock in the afternoon, accompanied by thunder ; but it again passed off without any quantity of rain falling. Yass Amateur Dramatic Club. — The members of this club met on Wednesday even ing last at the Royal Hotel, when Mr. Gallagher, the manager, cast the characters for the pieces to be played on Easter Monday night, when the club purpose giving an entertainment. Complimentary Concert to the Misses and Mr. J. G. Fitzgerald.— It is with very great pleasure that we notice by advertisement in another column that the members of the Yass Choral Society intend giving a farewell concert to the Misses and Mr. J. G. Fitzgerald, prior to their departure for Sydney. The programme is a very attractive one, and several new features will be introduced ; two gentlemen, who have not as yet appeared before a Yass audience, have promised their assistance. The Misses Fitzgerald and their brother have always been to the fore when any assistance was required for charitable pur poses, and now that we are losing them we begin to realise the value of their services, and hope to see a bumper house on Monday evening next. Entertainment.— Professor Jacobs and his talented wife appear at the Mechanics' Institute, this (Friday) evening, in their entertainment ol' legerdemain, localism, &c.; From our exchanges we gather that the Professor is very clever and amusing, and we trust our readers will not miss the opportunity of seeing and hearing him. L. Yates, Esq., P.M. — Our worthy and respected Police Magistrate takes his departure from amongst us in a few days, and vye are certain we echo the sentiments of the whQle district wnen we say we shall miss him, not only for the uprightness and honesty of his decisions on the bench, but for his kind and obliging manner hhis office. Mr. Colls, during his trip to Sydney, has selected a valuable piece of plate for presentation to Mr. Yates, and the public will have an opportunity of inspecting it in Mr. Coen's window on Saturday next. The New Police Magistrate. — Our new Police Magistrate, Arthur Money Fisher, Esq., is expected in Yass in a few days. We notice that on the eve of his departure from Walgett, where he was stationed, he was entertained by a number of the leading residents and presented with an address and a gold watch and chain, as a slight token of the respect and esteem in tTfiich he was held by the residents of that district. . New Public School.— It is proposed to establish a public school at Berebangola, near Gunning. Appointments. — Arthur Money Fisher, Esq., P.M., to be commissioner of insolvent estates for the district of Yass; and Leopold Yates, Esq., P.M., to be commissioner of insolvent' estates for the district of Armidale. Post and Telegraph Offices.— The plans of the new post and telegraph offices, to be erected in Cooma-street, near the Commercial Bank, are lying at the office of the Clerk of Petty Sessions at the court-house. We notice that the space allotted for the different branches of the services is very limited— both the post and tele- .graph offices being in the one room. This is a gnistake which needs remedying, and we trust thht a movement will be made at once by the residents of the town and district to have it effected. With the exception above referred to, the building will not only be a commodious one, but an ornament to the town, and we are indebted to our worthy Mayor for the trouble he took to secure the site, which is the most central one that could be obtained. Race Horsf. Sutton.— Mr. J. Allsop, who so successfully trained the local horse Hubert, and secured some good wins with him, took from Sutton, the residence of Mr. W. Davis, senr., during last week, the grey colt Sutton, by Hubert, from Peerless. M r. . Allsop intends to run SuttOB at the next meeting of the A. J. Club, and we hope the same, success will attend him with the son as he had with' the sire. - Larrikinism. — The Rev. A. D.. Faunce com plains that . the town larrikins not only plunder his garden, bul 'send threatening messages to his boys, to the effect that they will "give theilt something they wonTTorget, if they interfere with them." We think it is high time that the lash be got ready in Yass for a few of our -Sjphf youths, otherwise the "rope" will be in use bWJftr long. -i.t - L? 