UNDER THE VERANDAH. Have you awn the ghost 1 is the latest query under the verandah. Dark rumors have been for some time circulated, ofa mysterious appari tion which at uncanny hours, haunts the sol'- tudes of Francis street. A few privileged per sons have been gratified by a glimpse of this , nocturnal visitor, who immediately upon being approached, vanishes into thin air, with a mock- inir lanrrli a Aawa a# Kln& 'liflrVit find 4 omoll A# sulphur. For several nights, 1 hear that a posse comitatus, composed of various respectable citi zens, have ambushed, in the hope of being able to captnre this vagabond ghost. The police too. in mufti, have gone on the war path, while two- thirds of the gamins of Geraldton, headed by King Bob, lie hidden behind bush fences, and rush covered sand hills, thinking to surprise the supernatural prowler, while they fill the air with bad tobacco smoke, and irreverent gibes. The mystery, however, still remains impenetrable. Of course, there are conjectures as to the per sonality of the supposed ghost. Some says it's Charlie Hamilton, in the flesh, waiting to finish off a bungled job. Others insist it's old Mahomet, come back to look for his buried " poke." The sex of the thing, whatever it is, can only be gnessed at, although it is said to be in female garb. There are those who assert that it is real ly Mother Shipton, who is unable to rest in her grave since the labt year failed to verify her pro- diction. The identity of the apparition is scarcely likely to be set at rest so long as snch a crowd turns out to look for it. Ghosts are not at all sociable, and probably feel uncomfortable in the temperate atmosphere of onr planet after their experience of Gehenna (it can scarcely be supposed that any respectable shade would "comeback" from the other place). The best way to deal with one is', to meet it singly, armed with a pocket pistol of Baston 's Royal Blend, for holy -water. A couple of shots from the lat ter would euchre any ordinary ghost, and take all the secreti veness out of him — or her — and make it as communicative as a director of a Gold Company. I heard that a couple of well- known citizens, one day last week, bad stowed themselves snugly behind a fence in the ghost- haunted street, when two sturdy young fellows were coming along. The conversation of the latter was, of course, upon the subject of the supernatural stroller, and one was remarking to his companion " I don't believs in ghostesses — when a man dies — he dies, and never comes back — Hang Ghosts 1 I'll believe in 'em when I see one." Just then one of the gentlemen in ambush, a disciple of Esculapias, protruded his head and shoulders over the fence, with an un earthly howl. The non-believer in ghosts jump ed back eleven yards, turned green, and for ten minutes, they say, yon couldn't tell whethar he had been struck by lightning, swallowed a spring mattress, or had an attack of Asiatic cholera. As soon as his knees had finished playing " Sweet Spirit hear my prayer," he staggered sorrowfully homeward, with the. mental resolve never to traverse that street again, without a bulls-eye lantern or a body guard. Last week, I was considerably astonished by being volubly informed by half-a-dozen of the vera.uuiii :uoiigciv, buai — iMJG&cr; una uuug uiut» self." Full of sorrow at hearing of such a com mercial disaster, I rushed over to the new model bank, the pride of Harwood and Trigg, to make farther inquiries into the sad circumstances, when I was relieved by the smiling aspect of the teller, who explained that the suspensory suicide had been committed by the banker's d-og, and not the gentleman himself. Another "old settler" has passed away. One by one, the links that bound us to the past, are snapping asunder, and we that arc left, feel more keenly, jday by day, that our place, indeed, is nofehere, where we Live no "abiding city," - and we look forward, with more equanimity, to receiving onr own notice to quit. These remarks are induced by hearing of the lamented death, at a ripe old age, of Black Bessy, who expired at the Victoria Hotel, some few days ago, the catastrophe, we understand,- was caused by ossification of the aorta, the result of senility. Peace be with thee, gentle Bessy, no more shall thy erst-active claws be engaged in exorcising rats, or excoriating the noses of thy neighbor's dogs. In the feline, " Sweet by and by," may thy melodious tones once again mingle in dulcet nocturnal' concert, with the various departed Tabbies and Tommies. . Rest-quiet-cat-in peace. The following epitaph is my contribution to wards the head stone for thy last resting place : — Monrn not for mo, my life is past, I slaughtered mice, while life did last, About my boues ho trouble take. But-rear my kittens (or at least some of them) for my sake. ODITES. 