; ? OUR' HOBART ^LETTER ? '?(from pur oyns correspondent.) .,,.?''. ':';-^ ?..??' ' ; ?'; ,:i;.,SAT0REAY.. A case; which ought to evoke- the in terest of 'some Christian ladies in a direc tion in whioh it ia , too .'little shown tran spired: at the. Police Court yesterday, i ;, A woman was charged with keeping; a house of ill-fatn'ei and ? one1 of the' witnesses obtained by the police' againsV, her was a roung gin J.0 years oia, , wnoia tne wretched, woman had persuaded to -adopt a sinful life. In- reply to -, the -Police Magistrate, she stated she had bee'ii living with the. woman three months; and ex pressed herwillingness to quit; the life and go. to some respectable employment. The Police Magistrate remarked . to Mr. Pedder that it was surely a case for; some benevolent lady to try and take in .hand and prooure the girl a situation in' the country, so as to break -the evil connec tions she had unfortunately formed. The Filibusters made quite a favourable impression at the concert .'given 'last night under their'management' for the! benefit of a lady and her bhildren; ' The object of the concert was a 'popular one, and the gentlemen who took it in hand succeeded in carrying it to Buccess in every way . The hall' was crowded, and a large number, had to stand; but the'concert , wis suffi ciently attractive to retain a large audience to the finish:1 The. playing of the 'Busters, as they are (familiarly termed, was rather a suprise to those who had not- previously heard them,'1 and it.is 'safeto predict that they will, under their ? able leader, Henr Sohott, ! form 'one . ' : of . 'the : leading features in :thet '.musical' .ability of the' city. V .'Their. ' 'playing ,;, is \ chieiiy remarkable.ijfor : the manner in; .which total1 effects .are ; produced, and. the ab sence : of ' bursts : of 'individuality which sometimes diBagreeably mar the playing of amateur ? .brass': bands; '.! Herr: , Schott contributed.) i.ohe' of ?, his unrivalled -oboe soIob, seleotionsifrom '.Iiucretia -Borgia,' and received1 a' round of, applause which unmistakably '.meant, encore, but the soloist, was compelled. to decline the call on .account of indisposition. ..tOne of 'the best rendered items ? in - the programme was a quartette -for :' two 'pianos - .arranged by : Aibher, 'which the; lady ' and.;; 'gentlemen :amateiifs' played 'in'.a most', effective man ner. A. lady\amateur.'J3pnteib.uted\'.fdol'den .Love,' .; and; ;8ang.rit:.in , a particularly pleasing manner.-.;' 'Gf! (the' local r items .three were 'songs composed by'; Mr. F. A. Packer, one ! of . which, ; ' SiisieBell, !' , . was surig by '.' Mr'.',',. H-|, Packer',' but the really fine song. is not suited for that gentleman, who has done far better in other songs. :'A; 'fatal; occurrence' was reported this week from ?Sorell Creek; '? ! Mrs; Haiisen, wife of Mr.'Jens ?' Hansen, who resides at Sorell Creeki' left 'her; house!'6ri; Wednes day morning shortly after breakfast, arid was not discovered till one o'clock; when she was found' by 'the. search party, which her absence' had induced the husband to initiate, lying drowned' in the i rivulet, half a mile away from the house. The ^unfor tunate woman had been .suffering from some mental derangement, for. which she had been' placed inder treatment: at the General Hospital /last V. month,; but was , subsequently brought home ? again. She left her home ?while her husband and son were away engaged at work on the farm, taking a shawl and. basket with' herj which were found near a' log. crossing the creek, and led to the discoyery.of the body. An inquest was held; and ? a verdict returned that deceased met'-ith her death from drowning, whilst .'temporarily insane. The Marine .Board, haying the charge of lighting the Queen's highway, seem to have taken for. their motto Goethe's cele brated' 'cry1;1''' More 'light,' arid' to' : be ? putting ,it in'force in ajvery 'general .way. At the last riieeting of 'the' Board a list of .magazines andnewspapers and, a reduced scale of charges';frprn.Messrs.v.W'aich' and Son ; were,,, submitted to the members as the ou'tcpme_pf a conversation.which took place some time ago,' when a general de sire was expressed to ]furnish' thefmon in the employ 'of. the' Board with spine read ing to '/relieve , the,; ' monotony',, of .'.' their ' lonely lives..! /The, life,, o'f;,a 'lighthouse- keeper,;.cut off from :the'-busy! centres, of ? human existence, -Has-been, often seized .'upon' by^i writers of rpmaribe; as offering the . basis^pf a, strange !psych61pgica,l story, arid 'triily 'live'B''speiit:,.inVi8ugh''a,:.limited en -vironment deserve: any;. attention which', i can add 'ever r so; little amenity ' to; their! ? lonely and eminently 'useful occupation.! The. idea is a very praiseworthy one', arid : ' it is ' to be hoped that the Board will see : its way dear, to arrange for a supply of interesting '-periodicals, which ? co.uld .. be ^exchanged from station /to'.itatibri, by.;.the, store ships ..which visit;the lighthouse^i \- from* time to time. ?' ?'?? ' ?'-'' ,'??????' -?''?'-[ \ ;. ' Ahpther' .very,;go6d' ?? suggestion, 'was! 'made at' the. Bpecialhieetirig'of '.'the Marine Board .held ,:to:day .';;', i The 'severe ogale's .whichhave. been rather, frequent'in^thej Straits lately have shown usihbw-muchj we are removed from communication with! the Straits, though but a few- miles away; froiii the centres' 'of '-population/ '''IThei projeot is' to-exterid.the'lahd telegraph, to some 'point, opposite ! Swan, Islandi' ari'd: then join the island 'with /the, telegraph; system of the colony; by a ;cable; ' ? The distance' is only /?about' thre6Vmiles,,arid the importance' of having' cbriimunicatipn : with, suph..a statiQnjiSjVery/g'reat'.'! /iNoti .only, could ships ,/iipuhd jiri orj out .sbe ireportedrdaily, .but it; would frequently! result ; in mitigating1 the ' coriBeauerices of ' ::fi!ir.su-.i;m i-i i/itu I '°: riV.-oMv: ,.-;,. *-; l ,u/:.:-. ?' rBhipwreok, for instead of a wreck having to be reported at 'George Tewn, as at present, : before any real assistance dan be sent out, it could be reported' at Swan Island, which is'muoh more likely to be nearer the scene of , such a catastrophe. The praotical good of such a work would i warrant . efforts being made to iinduce Parliament to sanction the expenditure. ?_? iThe effort to breed and fatten oysters in Tasmania, about, which several flat tering, , paragraphs ihave been written ' in the. English papers, has been given up by the Association which started for that purpose between two and three years ago. Three thousand oysters .were obtained, and placed, in prepared beds' constructed at Oyster Cove, where it was expected— as that locality had ; been the natural home of the oyster, when tho ancestors of Billy Lanny gulped, them- down without pepper and vinegar, nor looked for porter afterwards— that ' '? the much appreciated bivalve would wax fat, thrive, and multiply. their species.,. But thing* have evidently changed, for notwithstanding the beautiful beds prepared, the oysters refused to multiply, and grew so thin that a few which were, (examined when last the officers of the Association visited the locality, were nothing but beard, and very little of- that....': A troublesome weed invaded the habitation, growing all over the faoines, mordus, and wattles, .and thrived wonderfully. ;in the water, which ' yielded so little nourishment to the oysters that they were melancholy spectacles when opened.' Gales destroyed some of the work, and the mud silted up ? over the beds, smothering the oysters in j part3, Under these circumstances the I directors of the Company felt' it 'useless to | spend more, money, and recommended I winding up the Association, and dividing j the assets. This proposal- was adopted | by the: shareholders^ though, as pointed j out by one of the gentlemen, present',, it is ;a pity to breakup the beds' even if there is only a ghost: of a chance of thing3 turning out better yet..! The sale'pf'a few thousands off pauper ,oysters- would not realise much, ? . and ? ' the- few / re maining- liabilities, of-|theV 'A's'sbciatiqn could be paid ;bff .'with '.iton 'pounds. One bed, where: the^ smaller .species of oyster had been.,plac4d;'was^doing pretty well; though the' 'oysters' had not spatted, and to break-up this bed for the sake of a few. pounds Jwould'seerii a pity., All the beds will ;probably'be saved from destruction, as the gentlemen;- who 'op- posed that course' will mak'b fan offer .'to buy out the rest of the shareholders and allow them 'to remain. The/; beds' laid down by Mr. J. E.Eishy at Eaglehawk Neok are looking ? well, though' it' :ia not known whether they have spatted or not. On this point the' evidence at any time is so slight that time alone will prove any thing. Success in such. endeavours would be of great good to the' colony, and will juii ud uubttiuuu, iui uyaitvi uuiituio hub been an established and a profitable industry in France for years.' There, in deed, they not only breed and fatten them, but educate them when to open and when to shut their mouths, which, as the honorary secretary of the Association remarked, would be a fine thing to teach men. .??.;?..: In. the football matches played this afternoon the Railway Oliib gave a very good account of itself. .. A match was playod.in the Upper' Cricket; Ground, be tween the Railway and City clubs. Dur ing the first half of the game the City/men played remarkably well,, /and Arthur Turner secured a goal' for therh by a very good kick. After half-time was called the Railway men rallied, arid had the game then their own way,'kioking two goals. The goals for the ;Railway were kicked by Charlie Davis arid; William Overell;: both being good kicks'. '? ? Th!e Railway Juniors played, the; Holbrooke Juniors at the ?Battery Ground,'and kicked two goals; to their opponerit'a nil.'-'''- 'At j|New Town a fine contest took place between the New Town and Cricketer's. dubf, ? the result being, after a ^eyerej, contest, one,,; goal kicked by each side. .-,','; .'.',.-,' ,',', i ,,;,;?, ...??? ' .'I.' ???!'? :'.???: ??-?.' r ;. ThuksdaY; :-- : I; called/ upon,, Mr.', W. F,. .Ward, /'the Government Analys'tj,. yesterday,/ and he kindly Bhowed.rne his; .arrangements arid the different , apparatus' /at his comrnarifi for making assays ari'd analyses! He has his office, laboratory, and other rooms 'in a house :a'd]oiriirig 'the' /Lands arid Works department, formerly 'occupied by/V. ! ;W. Hookey, Esq/- :The- place 'is 'centrally situated, 'and right' iri'thd mids't/'bf'th'e Governmentioffice'si'; b'ut' the- rb6in8'!are rather -. small for - the- purposes';! of 'a'firsti class laboratory. -The'varioua;' fittings and structures have' been; fitted ^pVrider' 'Mr. Ward's supervision, and some of ?/ihejiiri'- strunients'and appliance's' were; brbught ?by :him frbin'j'Englatfd.' i;In' the/' office; which is also use'd:'as'.|a te_stirig!':';rb6rir, amongst other instruments' there ?' are three scalesJ^Orie^of^hes'ej'^liich'ia'oaUed the;/;rough' -.'scale; 'tWould '',] seem /./nicely balari'cepl [ enough 'to . ^eigh, anything the 'ey^ could!, see, rbut the bthe'r: two,- whioh. are enolosed in glass .'case's, i:are designed ?to; i weigh ' almost ' 'dmp'erceptible : niatter, apdcouid hot weigh more1 'than 3p:grjairis withputj/,' endangering / their 'delicate accuracy.' , / Both instruments; ;are -by dertlirig, of ..Londonj and .' fitted - With knife-edged 'agate- balances; which repose in''little;slab3of|agate'fprrnirig .'the double balijincei,,'1 The '.'slighMsl ^^ grain/bf 'dust ?n either scale/ is /suffipierit to disturb, these delicately ; posed iiustr.umonts, which are . enolosed in glass cases, not^ only to protect ? them.: from, dust and maiature, but to enable; the weighing process to bo carried on unaffected. by,any. wreath of air. which would:, - destroy,; the ?. nice,,, accuracy required. ;,,;,Thei best; of these- two scales, will.- weigh down to the 1000th of a-, grain, i. A.t 'first , it . is difficult to understand how the weight for weigh ing such. infinitesimal quantities aa this could be made arid tested. The weights are not actually so light as that, - though they are very light indeed — mere pieces of wire, not so thick as a hair. These ; would probably weigh the tenth part of a grain, and they are used as a tOBt for lighter iweights by sliding them nearer the centre of the scale on a graduated measure .marked in fine notches on the top balance/ There is also in this room a fair microscope, through whioh I had the questionable pleasure of seeing a sample of the dressing used to impart a bright green colour to trade teas. The powder, when viewed through the microscope, is seen to -be particles of blue, yellow and white substances, which together form the green it is desired to impart to the teas of commerce. The blue is Prussian blue, the yellow tumeric, and the white may be anything. Mr. Ward had a small bottle of this villainous dust on hand. Two littlo glass instruments excited admiration from the skilful manner in which the glass was blown into a number of intri cate bulbs all connected together. One of these was for weighing carbonic acid, by separating it under chemical treatment, driving it ofi', and then weighing its absence, as it were, or finding out what the combination had lost in weight by driving off tho carbon ; the other was for retaining the carbonic acid after separa tion, and then, finding out the weight. .Both; instruments are very.Binall and delicatej and would require great care in using. . , In the laboratory there was nothing .special under treatment but the. general fitting, and some of the apparatus fare worthy of notice. The cabinet for containing the chemicals, in struments, ? retorts, measures,! etc. , occu pies jthe.! middle of the room, . and is covered with, a thick wooden top, iwhich isrused as .anjexperimenting, table or berich. ,\ The- work of tho cabinet and its numerous drawers ,was, done. by; Messrs. WhiteBides and. Sons. At 6ne-end of the bench, there is ' a .capital ..blow- pipe,, worked by a little' pedal bellows, and the supply, of gas, and draught can, bo regu lated to any required force, and sustained withgreat regularity. In the. sink there is a gas holder with a ? water reservoir, on top for expelling the gas when 'wanted for experiment or test, , and at the back of the room what is vulgarlyicalled a ? ' stink chest,' or, : more politely v-. a fume cup board, has been erected. BMany gases that a ohemist'has to deal, with;areof,a.very noxious character,: and. in generating them it is very necessary that the opera tor should be protected from the danger of inhaling them,' especially in small rooms. This cupboard runs from floor toroeiling like a chimney, and finishes with a : ventilator, in the; rnof— a gas jet adding to the draught. ? Mid-way there is a shelf on which the work is performed, and the front and sides of the cupboard immediately above the shelf are of gloss, the front being made to slide up so as to allow the operations to be attended to. A little drying oven, to be used with a thermometer for regulating the heat, Liebeg's gas condenser, a finely graduated glass measure for metrical analysis, mea suring: 1000 cubit centimetres in gradeB of . millimetres, a furnace for heating tubes, with, 25- Beparate jets,, and Gaure's and Daniells'si cells .. for gene rating, electricity were ;also, shown' and their.various uses explained. Two; little furnaces for making1 assays were: interest- ing,: aB showing. ;how easily- smelting ban be carried on on a small scale. One fur. nace was fitted with Fletcher's , injector, by whioh: the. blazing, gas and,a strong draught of air- from a bellows; enter the furnace through, the channel ,pipe; .The other iwas chiefly used! for separating lead from silver andgold. jliiithis process the metal, is placed upon capels,ior.little.cups moulded from horie-duaty 'and i when; , the metal isfmeltedAhe lead. is absorbod.by the bone in! an; oxydised form,1 ..leaving the button of pure gold or silver behind. ,* Of course, the laboratory ,iB far from com plete'ffrom a:sciontific point of; view;;r'but itlwill:serve- many,Useful-purpoBes,,,and-is well .worth a visit. . ' . . : By. the, terms; of. Mri W ard's engagement:.by. : .the- .Government, he^.will'be permittedito. undertake. private work: as well- as! performing the. duties of Government ?Analyst; r ,..-???'' '?[yif;-:-'} i.The) Fisheries'! Commission;:. ^, whichihas beensholdingi'weekly sittings. at Hobart for some months;;' collecting ? eyidence from1 whioh.to«furnish a report to guide Parliament in 'dealing with'^overal impor tant .Imeasupes ??connected ^^with1, our fisheries, will'shortly proceed ^tp/Launces- ' ton to'collect'f urther evidence. there/on the . subject. ...As! Parliament ..will' shortly meet,-/it'is to'^be hoped that the Commis sion will soon|have effected its purpose, so that the matter can be dealt with in the coming session..^ t ?/.?.'! m:j. ?)!;?.?,* At Mr. Inohe'a yard, Battery Point, a very nicelittltf yacht is tbeing built for Mr. Fleetwoo'd Wilson;-- whioh'.will jibe j; an j;ac quisition::to th'e fleet; ofy;;pretty-'l little yaontsiwhioh!haveibeen;buiit'here;lately. The5(mbdel,{!wKiohttwas co'nstructe'd'.by Mr' Alick Harley, is that ofi'a^handsbme boat, very muoh'- like the' craok (the Madge) in her style.aridlirieD. but Bho will only he about six tons, while the Madge is eight. ; .... .'-.???! ' The Priostman ; dredge and crane im ported' by the ? Hobart Marine Board has been put together.by. Mr. Meebh, the en gineer, in the, yard 'at' the. rear of 'the Board's offices, and everything has been found to bo in good order. It was no far finished on Tuesday that steam was got up to see if all was in working order. The fork cradle, which is used for removing boulders, was geared on, and the machine started in the yard. From the manner in which the queer- looking instrument struck the ground, and clutched, little doubt was left as to how it would pick up loose stones in the water. Consider ing tho boldness of the (vater around Hobart, some wonder is expressed as to what use the Board will find Tnr their white elephant, but there is a little work br it to do in the extreme corner of the tiarbour, and to remove silt from the ;reek exit, for which latter purpose the Corporation will pay the Board for the use of tho machine. A suitable punt to lold it is being constructed under the mpervision of Mr. Watson, an officer in ;he service of the Board. The Mercury, having a little fault to ind with Dr. Graham, tho new assistant louse surgeon at the Hospital, adopted ;he time-honoured system of a nasty ooal, which was the first intimation the ioctor hoard of the complaint, as he has but recently arrived amongst us. The medical gentleman, with more wit than jood taste, resolved to trap the Mercury man with a fictitious accident ; b'nt the Mercury man was 'flyer' than usual that tiight, and after consulting the office copy of 'Chambers,' put the information in iii a hesitating, doubtful sort of manner, like the oracles were given of old, so that an interpretation might be given for any possiblo, sequence. But being aBaured by consulting a- higher authority than l- Chambers' next day that a delib«rate attempt had been made to roast it, the local oracle grew very, indignant, and myatorioualy hinted at something ' much too awfully utter,' which, outofconsidera- tion for its readers,: it. had '? withheld. Having- seen 'the document myself before the Mercury, lean vouch that they pub lished all ;of it except1 one word,'wMch certainly, would have ..been left out as redundant in any, case. Dr. Graham is not to be complimented for his very ques tionable joke, but itis amusing, and will probably be- a. lesson to the doctor to see how certain good old ladies ? can do the highly^ shocked, and make people believe that a fearful crime 'has been committed. Had the occurrence happened' elsewhere, it would- have found its way into the columns of the Mercury as a joke, and its questionable nature would not have arisen. . .Mr. John Mitchell,, who was nomi nated for the vacant seat on the Hospital Board, when he heard that another candi date had been nominated, informed the gentlemen- who nominated him that he had no intention of contesting the posi tion. Mr. Alexander Riddnch will .there fore be declared elected when the Board meets to-morrow. The suggestion made by the Premier, when proposing a vote of thanks to Rev. J. Simmonds on the occasion of his de livering a lecture in the interest of the proposed Juvenile Industrial Exhibition, is a wise one, and lias been adopted by the Committee before any further steps are taken. To make the Exhibition such a success as will be a credit to the colony, a great dealof time will be requirod both by, the Committee, and intending exhibi tors, and, the proposal to open in Novem ber might cause many to relinquish ideas which the.limited time would not enable them tocarryout. Mr. Giblin'a sugges tion was- that it should not- be opened till February, which would give, ample time for every. / preparation, and the Com mittee last night decided to open on the first Tuesday in February. .,...- v. -It is gratifying to see the evident inter est His Excellency ia taking in a proposal so.., -fully.': qualified to work permanent good1 for the community., A vury. good honorary secretary has .been obtained in Mr; ? George Divvies, who generally infuses some energy' into., work he, undertakes', and if/the, Committee i'only go,; the aright way. to. .work in securing the /co-operation of 'schoolmasters and employers of Skilled labour -we: shall show that * young '.'Tas mania .'can hold its own. ..-,.?; ':-.': '??-;-ul ?;-JAt!.the.\ Board of., Education meeting held yesterday, -..the Secretary read: the following.re plies he had received fromt the Education- Departments ofrBeverali 'polo? nies' inanswer .to .enquiries: made : with ca .view of. dealing,1 with' the ; local i preacher question raised by the Rev'.! -Mr. iWithing ton's letter 'to, the; Board, ': /urging the' re* peal;; i. o£« the 1( regulation -which-, ..prevents publio.school teachers in .this . colony i from erigagingdn ^any, other-einploy mentbeoular OrreligiouSilV; .vifl;:'h,..;- -.?;.-,j- .I?-,;; i;r,?a ?'?i'Office ofithe''MinisteV bf'Edu'oatioiv Adelaid^ SiAii May 30, 1882.— Sir,— In roply to- your letter, dated llth° inst.(' .requesting informntion as 'to , rule. / aohoerning',' a/ tpabher's .liberty. tto erigagein any otter 'palling,' I' 'am'dirooted .py the ton', 'the 'Ministor ''pf '? Education Jtd 'inform you that the'. practice of ithis dep'art;mon't-has always; boen -one:, of non-into'rforenob ? with t^aohora,-. on, tlip., Sunday. i,,Spmo ^.are; looal preapKejs, lay readers, eto. .EegulatiDn 177.,re fers' '' tJo'-'-teocU'ers holding' other ?'apppintment'Bi but 'it has not'-b'cen'hbld to'-' apply to ; lionbfary positions.— Ihave, eto.;- ALFBED'HEATki'Sebrei tary Minister! of, Education.' a;;r ^jiviy.-yo^.f unv/ f*t . ? ,, . i i Department j of Public , Instruction, Sydney, , -June 10,.1882i— .Sir. I am directed , to acquaint ' yqu.that' tho'Miiuato'r of Public Instruction has f iadl;under notice your letter of the 11th May lost, enquiring what is the rule, or usage, in ? 'this department, concerning. a teaoher's liberty ; 'to engage in; any ofuco or calling other than strictly public school keeping. ..;,. 2. 5 In reply,' I 'am'; to state that, by /Article 18 of: the regula \- tions under the' Public ' Instruction' Act, of' thin . ''?colonyj- ' Teachers are prohibited from engaging ' ?.;,itiM;any . occupation 'not. :liavihg . V ? dis; .tinotly eduontional'charaotcr, unless the sanction , -of tho Minister has been previously obtained.1.' ' 'Although this regulation doesnot expressly pro ? liiblt a teacher from officiating as a loonl preacher or a Bible reader, or conducting Divine service i in any way, it has been the practice of this de -.pattmentjlto regard public preaohing.by 'its ; teachers as an ;occupation riot of a distinctively Veduoational character, and therefore not entitled Jitd' sanction. ? ' Further,, although there is ^no . regulation preventing a; teacher from acting as a i J2iiti(Tnir.Dn)innl fnnntinK 'f.lin i1nnni-finonf. rlnna Tint: authoritatively, sanction ? suoh ; a course. ?:.! A j recommendation fromrtho proper officer that, in ?future, touchers should bo instructed to abstain from acting as local' preachers, lay_ readers,' or -localcorrespondents of newspapers, is now under 'the consideration of the Minister,- 3. .It may vftlso. be mentioned that, in parts of the colony ,;whero difficulty is. experienced by the, Postal department in obtaining suitable persons to. act as postmasters, teachers are permitted to underr : take the work, on the striot understanding that : the duties connected with their schoola be in no way interfered with thereby.— I have, etc., W. ?\Vilkins, Under Secretary. , .The answer from Queensland stated that under regulation -47 of their act -,''. ministers of religion and.persons acting ? as local preachers or Biblerreadera cannot i.hold appointments as teachers.' ?, 1 ? ? *:?'? Education Office, Melbourne, May 19, 1882.— Sir, — In reply to your letter of the 11th inst,, enquiring what is the praotico of this depart ment in regnrd to teachers being allowed , to en gage in any other occupation after the ordinary school hours'/ 1 ' have the honour to inform you that teachers ore not prohibited, further than :is spooified in'No. 6 of the Civil Service Regula tions, from undertaking, other duties whioh do not interfere with those of their aohools; except that they are not allowed to giva leligious in ' struotion in State sohool buildings on any days '?(Sundays included), and thiB would prevent '*heir taking any prominent part in Divine ser .-vioo, or having Sunday classes, in such build , ings, but would not. interfere' with their acting ;as local preachers elsewhere. — I have, etc., 'WV ^VViLSOK Bbxhw, Secretary. :' \- -i A discussion followed, and two reBolu iionsivere unanimously passed re- affirm- ing the desirableness of the regulation ? complained: of, and , calling upon Mr. .Kenner, the teacher at Sassafras,: to state i.whether he was .willing to withdraw; his ;3etter.of the 17th of Mav and retain his position, in accordance with the regulation' iunder, which he accepted 'office; '.; ??':???:? -'??? i uu-Ab- this question has- occupied 'a good' ' jdeal.'ofiattentibri since it cropped, up, 'T cthink-' the,! following freport 'bf ''the' : very- .logicaLspeech nba-de'.byvMr. Tarletop mayi ,be,ihteresting.- ;Mr. oTarleton considered! ?.the {question deserved'; the highest . cori-J '?sideratiqn,:-. notv. because it ; came ; from a Aody vofivery ^respectable 'gentlernen, but because it involved a most important; principles cHe tobki'.it Ithatrthe Legisla-' itu're had determined! that the' system of) -State education'! should be strictly of an j rti'ridenomiriatiorial. character,'! and theyj fmere;!ther'e!aB'ja!tBoard toicarry.out that: -systemioa.th'eistrictestilines at nridenbmi-] -natibriali8iri;--a'nd'in perfortning.tlfeir duty! jitnv'ais .th'eiribusiness to' take the.'; greatest j heed that no room should'be given for' ;ev'enci a'i suspicion '..to .'arise ' of/ denoriiina-! .tional: teaching! : 'being - possible; 'in:, the i .?State.Bchoolsiif. ?Examining the arguments; .which had: been. ;made use'. of by 'those! .geritlem'eriU tfirs't;:6falU it! -was'put to the| ? Board. that in;; prohibiting, teachers, from! .preaching h they-:; were.VinfringingV: thej liberty jof'itheisnbject:; This argument ? 8urp'cisedfhim,ic'oming?:frorh' the 'body of! .?gentl emanjwho ad vanced it. The1 teachers !? «ritered:theservice':of;the Board'with the! rules) beforei their face ; ??they' entered its] ?servioe^with'iia; perfect knowledge^ the! -regulation which prohibited them-? from' performing any ecclesiastical office' what- ' Jever; ! 'Having-ithat1 rule before ?them', ' they accepted the restriction as partof their ? ?contract,- in Jfact, with the Board. ' All per- ; vBotasi '.we're' subject :to restrictions. -Civil I servants were subject tb the restriction' of .', not being! allowed to take part in the elec tion meetings. They might' allege that , +--e;liberty of: the subject was infringed ; . limy it' wns.'ian. understanding with the .Government,' and was adhered to. And so. teachers gave up any liberty they' might Jltfcvt) 'UHiv ui prcuuuiu^; uu, ouiiuttya wiiou ^whemthey entered ' the . Board's service.; and' therefore there was no real ground of complaint, in his opinion. Then, again, these ;gentlemeri declared that they be lieved the regulation objectionable on Recount of the deprivation which . the .public might sustain by teachers not being permitted to preach on Sundays. He was , sorry at all times to interfere with those interested in any good work, particularly religious teaching, but at the same time it , wai the'Board'8 business to see that in making himself useful on Sunday the teacher was not impairing his usefulness on the: week days. ? They had to balance the thing ; and if they came to the conclu sion that any usefulness of the teacher on Sunday would impair hiB usefulness in the ; school, it was their duty to tell him; °, ?''Tonare, bypreaching, tending to im pair 'your, usefulness as a teacher, and to alienate the. parents of the children ;. and ypu'-must give it up.' That was the posi- . tion^pf.Mr. Kenner. These gentlemen ialso said, *' You need fear no indiscre tion.' ', '? Thebe ; gentlemen .will 'conduct theniseiveB ': in a, : very proper .'.' wayj and -will not give .any offence.' That was begging the very root of the question. Tha't'was .the whcle'.gist ofqthe matter; Who,wds; to ' guarantee i the : disoretibn ;of thoseigentlemen'? -'-'As'1 was well-known; they :wereiyoung men,' riot ;brought up 'or trainedto1 the:rftini8try,'.ndr- with the'feix-. perience or'p:roper sense; of; responsibility of ministers j and 'how 'did the1 Board ltriow they would' preach' in a' 'discreet .'or proper manner ?''- Very- likely-'they woUId ;iri no urirauasuredi' terms i begin abusing :utheri dendmintvtiohsjv preaching, against the errors' !6f Prelacy1 or Popery^ ' How was 'the'Board totknow but that somefof them imight even set' up ' atheistical, lep- tufes, aiid employ their -Sundays 'I'in preaohiug ? all - kinds - of doctrines 1 ? (pHe lield 'that -the Board-had no. guarantee that they would hot doany'or all of- these things ; and as tocBayingj '['? Wellj if ariyi thing of : that sort occursi- you can deal with it as it occurs,' lie said,'?' An ounce of prevention -is better than-, a-' pound of cure.' It was bettor; to hold by the rule aiid'preyent the possibility of 'anything of -? 'this;''.sort-' occurring, ???'. and^ thus obviate- '--the' ^necessity.' -of dealing with such- -Jmatters' ? as '. ;they arose; There was. no subject on yvhioh men were so jealous as the . question : of' religion; and ;if '-- & i-1 teacher ' preached ; against a ?; creed; : ? or '?? possibly 'against some one's pet sin — whioh might be well de; served— he might so alienate parents as to'speedily empty his school. That was the ground on which; he thought it expedient to 'debar:' the teaohers from occupying their Sundays in this particular way. Only one other- expression in the memorandum deserved notice — that the teachers ' would be- at ? liberty to use the Sunday in' any- kind- of immoral manner. That was hot'true.-' If the Board found a teacher so using the Sunday as to give offence to the inhabitants of the place in which his school was situated, they would feel it theirduty to step;iri and interfere, and 'tell that teacher— ' Youare giving offence to parents ; you are doing a great deal of harm to the school ; you are disgusting the inhabitants ; arid you must not. -do this.' That he was sure was 'What the Board would do. As to the rules of the other colonies, the practice was equally divided. In :New| South Wales and Queensland, restrictions were placed upon the religious liberty of teachers ; in Victoria and South Australia ?the'- teachers were ' left to their own de vices. ?' Butthe system prevailing in large colonies like Queensland and New South1 Wales, showed, at t»H' events, that the' Board were5 not to1 be considered unrea sonable or straining'matterB in-holding to the regulation which- they,had ?'??? hitherto,) and.'for: sovmany years, found to work'so' wellj' and'in replying'thatiitheycould-not' consent to any ohange being made in the present ?; system;, if For ' tWe;-Bake !bf 'pea'ce' and the proper : administration of the sys-. tern of education entrusted totheirihands,; he thdught'ithey-ought tb ^adhereito-the! rule 'as ? ifc nowi'stood, which-1 had been i found '??t'd workvsuccessfullyiforfso' jinariyl years!' '.'iii'. '.''-'i'* ivw: '-)?.'.:;! ml ',A-.;^:\\-: ?:??? :? j '. ? ? '?'? *Al ' m ' ' ..::' - «; . t .-r ? 'f ? 