THE .THIRD DAY. Long before the time appointed for the cere monies of the day to begin the Cathedral was filled by an immense oongregation. Early masseB only were celebrated in all the other city and suburban churches on Sunday morning, and people from all quarters flocked to St. Mary's. Even the passages were blocked, and a largo num-. ber of persons had to be content with places in the northern end of the aisles at the sides of the sanctuary. It is estimated that there woro fully uwu jjoupiu jjicBcjuu, auu qd Utii. vvoxu woilj , ana some very fashionably, dressed, the assemblage presented a remarkably fine and interesting ap pearance. The interior of the building was all brighteness and life — every type of countenance was to be seen, every style of dress, and every variety of colour were there also. It was a per fect sea of heads from which the massive pillars rose like tall cliffa. Among the congregation one might observe the busy p'riests and com mittee, who had been entrusted with the management of affairs, hurrying to and fro attending to new comers ; and here and there the eye rested upon the manly form of one of the Catholic Guild, with his brilliant regalia of green and gold. Crowds poured into the building until some time after eleven o'clock, and it is creditable to all concerned that there was very little confusion. A burst of music from the orchestra announced that the ecclesiastical pro cession had mjide its appearance, and in an instant all rose and everyone looked in the direction of the principal western entranoe. Wow -wif-.Vi solemn step and slow the leaders of tho pageant, on this occasion the members of the Central Council of the Crisfcian Doctrine Confraternity, marshalled by the master of ceremonies, and their president, Mr. Egan, proceed with glittering crosses and gorgeous banners held aloft, through the crowd in the direction of the sanctuary, and every one strains to catch a glimpse of the Bishops and other dignitaries, as the procession moves along. Marching across the sanctuary the members of the Central Coun cil, who wore their elegant insigina and carried in their ranks two handsome banners of St. Mary's Confraternity, and two belonging to St. Francis', proceeded to the eastern aisle, while tho clergy took their places at either side of the altar. When the epho of the noble strains of the ' Triduum March' had died away and all was silent the -'^''Vj^/ v-a- Awuvuijuui^uv/U) UiJU \SV/l.\? VJLCLLIU VJJ. VL1U Ut*Y ? began the Holy Mass. Dr. Cani was assisted by the Rev. J. Dunne of St. Benedict's, and the Rev. Father Collins of Mount Carmel, Archprieat Sheehy being again the assistant priest. A moment or two and the conductor gives the signal. , Then the enchanting music of Mozart's glorious old Kyrie floafes through the building filling it with ennobling sounds of sanctified sweet ness. Now the pontificating prelate standing on the topmost step of the altar lifts up his voice to' heaven in the hymn of Holy Church, 'Gloria in Excelsis Deo.' But it is not alone the words of praise and glory pronounced by the mitrod minister that ascend to God. Three hundred voices catch up the grand old song, and in one mighty voice, a voice that thunders through the Temple of the Lord and, perchance, finds an echo in the mansions of the King of Kings and Lord of Lords. Nothing could surpass in gran deur and majestic beauty the ceremonies and music of Sunday ? the whole service was one of which every Catholic has reason for being proud, for it was a glorious triumph of religion and arfc. BISHOP MTTEEAY'S SEEMOH'. His Lordship the Bight Rev. Dr. Murray, Bishop of Maitland, who was tho preacher on Sunday morning, took for his text — ' The Spirit of the Lord is upon me, wherefore He hath anointed me to preach the Gospel to the poor j He hath sent me to heal the contrite of heart ? to preach deliverance to tho captives, 'and sight to the blind.; to set at liberty them that are bruised; to preach tho acceptable year of the Lord, and the day of reward.' They were told in the Scriptures that St. John the Baptist hearing of the wonders and the miracles wrought by our Divine Lord, sent two of his disciples to in quire if He were the one that was to come, _ or were they to expect another. Our Divino Lord in reply said to them go and relate what ye have seen and heard— the blind Gee, tho lame walk, tho lepers are cleansed, the deaf hear, and tho poor havo, the Gospel preached to them. They were told again in another passage how a great multitude of people followed Our Bussed Lord, and that they sought to touch Him, and tho Gospol addo that virtue went, out of Him and He healed all. In another part of the Scriptures, ib is related that Jesus travollod about proaching and performing miracles and doing good to all. Having boon asked to Bay a few words that morning on tho work of tho Church throughout tho world, before com mencing his discourse he would, of course, take or granted that all present believed the texts ho had quoted clearly layed down the fact that our Divine Redoemer came on earth to perform works of charity and mercy, to instruct and comfort the poor, to heal the sick, and to perform other kind and merciful acts, for the relief and redemption of mankind. That same spirit manifested in the life of Our Lord' was now upon the Church of God, and just as Our Saviour went about ages ago doing good everywhere, and to all, so the Catholic Church founded by Him was at the present day carrying on among all nations and peoples that Divino mission of mercy and charity. It would tt»« bo clearly seen that the subject he would, fcfe© r6qaest of one whose asking was a com mand, bring before their notice was very vast indeed, and he regretted that he had neither the time, nor the power, to deal with it with anything like completeness. He would ask them to take, the Catholic . Charch , as 'it existed , at the present day, presenting itself as it does under three aspects. First, the mis sion of charity and mercy established in th? erection of churches throughout the world to the honour and glory of God. Secondly, the great mission of charity and mercy as manifested in the number and variety of her institutions through out the world ; and thirdly, tho con sideration of the same mission in the erec tion of colleges and schools, which in all ages and at all times, and never more than in the pre sent age, the Catholic Church has made it her business to establish in all parts of the world. Now the mission of charity and mercy which Our Divine Lord entrusted to His Church, was evidenced in the countless number of noble churohes which had been built, in His honour. Scarcely had the early' Christians come out of the catacombs when splendid .churches and mag nificent eathedrals sprang up . on every side. In those days it was deemed an honour to' work for the glory of God, and to have a share in the erection of His temples, and 'when governments became imbued with this noble Catholic spirit they considered their firsb aim and duty was to promote the welfare of their countries by build ing churches and cathedrals for the people. If time permitted, what a record could be given of the devotion and generosity of the church-makers of old ; but it was not his intention to give an historical review of the achievements of the Church and her sons. He would, however, ask them to look to their , own day, as they had no occasion to 00 bevoodit. for iri no other times were more glorious and costly templeB raised. See what had been done m America.' Look at the churches with the great .Cathedral erected by the Cardinal Archbishop of New York in the centre, a temple that was an honour to the nation as it will ever be a record 'of the re ligioa of itB people. ' Turning to' England and Seotland, and to the various countries of Europe, they would see saored buildings upon which vast sums had been expended. And was it necessary hn hrintr his own fiouhfcrvman to thflfi1 own Aeia,r Catholic Ireland, of which it had been truly said that were she the richest country in the world, as she is the poorest, she could not have done more than she has done for religion during the past thirty years. Com ing nearer home, what did this edifice in which they were assembled, and the great 'Cathedral of Melbourne tell them?— they spoke of a true, an active, and an energetic faith, and showed to the world that we are a generous and a noble people, ready to make great sacrifices and perform heroic labours for the honour and glory of God. In all this was shown the grreat power of the Church, and it is by means of this power which governs our hearts and souls that she is able to erect in every district churches and schools for the instruction of the people. But in looking at their Oathedi al, with its stones so beautifully put together, there was something more than the mere material building to be considered. They knew that it was to be the dwelling place of our Divine Lord, who would be always there to bestow graces and blessings upon those who visited Him, and above all to those who have had the privilege and the happiness and the honour of contributing to its ereotion, and it was tbis fact. that made the building so preoious and so sacred in their eyes. Henceforth they would come and pray before that tabernacle of love for, and invoke God's blessing on, themselves and their families; to pray that the Lord, ti ho touched the people of old, would touch thoir hearts, and His Divine Q-race penetrate their very souls. Our Lord would grant them all the strength and grace they stood, in need of. Their children would bo brought, to thit holy place to receive the regenerating vraters of bap tism, which makes them children of God. The fallen and the unfortunate would come there to adore tho Lord, and crave for mercy, and that same Lord of love and compassion who forgave the fallen woman of old would move the heart of the ponitent sinner and say, 'arise, and walk: go confess thy sins, and be purified.' Within these walls for all - ime to come the . Catholic priest will daily ascend that altar and at his bidding, as our Faith tells us, the Lord God of Heaven and earth comes down amongst them really present on the Altar in the holy sacrifice of the Mass. Again in the confessional when contrition is expressed, Almighty God, through the medium of His humble priest, absolves the sinner and the sentence of par don is ratified and confirmed in Heaven. No wonder that Catholics with this belief should toil and spend themselves in erecting this mag nificent temple as a homo for Him who was all goodness and love. Ho was speaking in tho pre sence of ono who had had a large share in the work of building tho noble pilo, but his Grace was but an instrument in the hands of the Church, and his successful effortB Bhowed tho power of tho Church by whoso supreme head the Archbishop had boon sent to this country. Re garding the uecond aapoct presented by the Church in tho miosion of mercy and charity as shown in tho variety of her institutions, it was exhibited in the Catholio institutions that have been founded and maintained by the Church in every land. The distinguishing feature in the life of Christ was Hia mersy and oharity j manifested on so many occasions and in so many different ways, and never moj-o strikingly than when Ho received with so much tenderness {the fallen woman, told her to go and ain no moro. And bo the Catholic Ohurch in all ages lias displaced tho same loving and forgiving spirit towards her unfortunate child rcm. .Then see the institutions she has established in agos past and tho present time, orphanages, hospitals, asylumc, industrial schools and charitabln houses of every kind, where the weary and afflicted and tho dostituLe can always find a home. Even in tho countries where the governments do nut give the slightest assistance these Catholic charities are' to bo found flourish ing. There was no country in the world with the. means at its disposal that had as many institutions of mercy and charity as their own native land. In Ireland during the past thirty years, institutions of all kinds and for all classes had sprung up in a most marvellous manner. Then coming to the fair and free land of Austra lia, had they not in the city of Sydney, a noble hospital erected by the generosity of the Catho lic : people, and conducted by the Sisters of Oharity who came from Ireland and who were doing so much good for all classes of the community ? What should they say of the orphanages and other charities established in, the various dioceses of New' South Wales, by the bishops and clergy, all of wbioh were noble mbpu msnts of their piety, zeal, and sympathy ? Then there were the. establishments of the Sisters of the Good Samaritan and St. Joseph, both doing a work of true Christian charity ; and if they went to Melbourne, there they would find a great insti tution conducted by the Nuns of the Good Shep herd. All this showed the power of the Church, and it was gratifying; to see what a glorious, sharetb'eir own dear old land takes in thegreat mission of oharity. In Ireland these Sisters wore trained* in their holy calling, and the Catholics of Ireland spread, throughout the 'world had earried the opirit of mercy and charity with them. ' That Catholic land of their's should be for ever enshrined, not only in their memories, but in their hearts. If they kept the faith it would: sus- tain them in all the struggles and in air the battles of the great warfare that would no vf be soon commenced, and as Jong as a Catholic' re mained in the land of Australia, the memory of those holy women who sent the Sisters here, Mrs. Aikenhead, foundress of,tho: Sisterhood of Charity ? Mrs. M'Auley.-of the Mercv' Order '', M™ ' '-Rail' of the Loretto Nuns ; and sweet Nanb Nag'le— a name:dear to every Irish 'heart—foundress of the Presentation, Order., should be for,' ever cherished. Those , : , names ought to ' be kept fresh in their hearts . as long; ; as there was an ' Irish-Catholio in the land. And ?looking at the wonderful works performed by the religious Nuns throughout, the land, in Queens land, Bathurst, Armidale, and by the Dominicau Nuns and Sisters of Mercy in the Maitland diocese, may he not with reason exclaim ' '.Quite, regio in. terris nostri uon plena laboris' And again con templating the great army of Irish priests labour ing with such zeal in all par bs of the country,! he considered he was justified in applying the noble words of the greatest writer of the age, Cardinal Newman, .who in his University lectures delivered in Dublin thirty years ago spoko asiollows :— ' I look towards a land both old and young, old in its Christianity, . young in its promise of the future, a nation which received grace before the Saxon came to Britain, and which has never questioned it; a church which comprehends ia its history the rise and fall of Canterbury and York, which auguoiauD auu rauunuB ioudo ana r ole and Fisher left behind them. I contemplate a people which has had a long night and will have an inevitable day. I am turning my eyes towards a hundred years to come, and I dimly see the Ire land I am gazing on become the road of passage and union between the two hemispheres and the centre of the world.'? He had now come to the third part of his subject, that; having special reference to the establishment of Catholic schools and colleges. This was a question of all-important interest to Catholics, especially at the present time. No offensive words would fall from him ; for he felt that 'if he eaid anything of that character he would be betraying the confi* dence placed in him by the prelate who had asked him to address them. It would be only doing harm, and therefore it was not his intention to spoak a single word that would give offence to any section of the community. At the ' ead of this year all State aid would be withdrawn from the Catholic schools. The Archbishop had on several occasions spoken on the education ques tion in connection with this building, arid on one occasion in particular he. said.— ' Mv Ae.n.v nonnln. we have a great work before us. We havo this church to build; buu I tell you when we have done with this church we have a far greater and more important work before us.' He (the Bi shop of Maitland) was not afraid, and would not hesitate to state what he had to say in the Archbi shop's presence. He knew he was expressing his Grace's sentiments, and ho knew thafe if the noble walls had not been completed nor the permanent roof erected, it was because of the move important issues involved in the education question. They had been told oven by people within tho Ohurch — men of little faith— of the great ruin that would come upon them in consequence of this change which was to tako place at the end of the year. Now, he for one, and he knew every prelate who was there shared tho eamo view as he did, looked upon it as an act of injustice, indeed, but by no means as a calamity— as a ruin to the Church. The Catholic Church had kor power ,, still. Of old she had, erected institutions for the benefit of all classes of men and women, aiad she would be able in this omorgoncy to meet all the exigoncics and all tho requirements of the ago! The Catho lic prelates, the clergy, and the Catholic laity of thij oolony, and indeed of Australia, would bocomo one unitod body, determined to, carry on the schools, and determined to sacrifice everything rather than abandon them — it was a question of life or death. An appeal had never been made in. any country, much less to Irish Catholics, on tho ground of faith, that had not been generously responded to. They would all remember tho time, before he came to the country, when State aid was withdrawn from the clergy of the colony ; and by many that was regarded as a fatal blow struck at Catholicity. Had the Catholio Church in this country suffered from the withdrawal of State aid to the clergy ?, At one time State aid was given for the purpose of erecting churches. He believed there were some churches in thia colony erected partly by the generosity of the publio and partly by Government aid, for at one time, he understood, the Government gave pound for pound.; That had all disappeared, but had the Cat holic churches disappeared ? Had they not multiplied and increased a hundredfold ? Was it not true that Catholic churches and insti tutions had sprung up everywhere ? He would say to those who, being of little faith, had' said, ' What will become of our schools — how will we support them ?'— lie would say to such that if the Chureli exoioiced her power she would administer the means of grace to her children &sa; faithful steward of Ohristr. ; Yes brethren, how ever great the power of evil may be, it can never destroy the sanctity of the Church, nor darken ; the light of her teaching, nor kill the living au thority of her ordinances and means of grace. Catholics have the treasures of the Church at their' disposal. ' All is yours,' fays tho apostle St.. Paul, 'but you are Christ's, and Christ is God.' There was a deep mine in Catholic hearts, a deep attachment to the Church, v and her call to support and maintain their '.schools' would be obeyed. Let them have two years, or it might be three years, and he would venture to say there would not be ,a town in the colony of New South Wales that would not have its Catholio sobools. They would have Catholic books and religious brothers and religious sisters established everywhere, and all the time they would be doing the work of the Church. Without saying a word of abuse to any other denomination, to the Government, or to those opposed to them. There was a remarkable passage in the Book of EcclesiaBte3 which he would specially bring before this vast congrega tion, viz;, ' Strive for justice for thy soul, even unto death ; fight for justice and the Lord will ?overthrow-' thy enemies for thee.' '?;?' 'God called upon the Church to strive for justice, but did not call upon her children to destroy her enemies, or to indulge in abuse. God said, ' Leave that to me, and I will overthrow.thy enemies.' Let the Catholics erect their schools and go on with their churches peacefully and quietly, but with great firmness and zeal, and with great moderation, and, ??! all their difficulties would be overcome, and ah those enemies against whom they had to contend would be overthrown by the Lord. He wa3 very glad that he had an opportunity of bringing that text before this vast congregation, and which he; ':: trusted would serve as a guide to prelates, priests, and people in the great struggle in which they would have to engage in the coming year. He found it somewhat difficult to speak in such a largu buiding, and yet he had a duty to dis charge before finishing. This solemn occasion was a day of glory and honour for the prelate who presided, and a day of joy for the clergy and people who had assisted him in his efforts on behalf of the Cathedral. Speaking for himself and following the prelates who had precedod him, he considered his Grace's unbounded zeal and labour in connection with the erection of the Cathedral entitled him to their deep gratitude. Eegarding the grandeur and the splendour of the ceremonial, the like of which had never be fore been witnessed in the Southern Hemisphere, he could only say, and he spoke from experience, tViQ.f*. f.Vio r^-pflon n'nr? f.Vio1 mniAofvir nf fcV»A Whnlo ceremonies reflected the greatest credit upon the very rev. gentlemen who had charge of them. He had been accustomed to see the ceremonies of the Church carried out with the utmost grandeur ; but never outside Eomohadhe witnessed a ceremony conducted with so much dignity and order. One word more, and it was about the music. They had all heard the music, and many had been de lighted beyond measure. Although he could not claim anything like an acquaintance with music, he had made it his duty to ascertain, from those competent to judge, their opinions, and it -, was generally admitted tbat the music was perfect, and that it reflected very great credit on those who have had the management. As far as he could judge there were some parts of the music that day and the previous one, better than which he had never heard even at St. Peter's or the Sixtine Chapel in Eome. That night they were all coming to the Cathedral to join the Archbishop in dedi cating this important diocese to the Sacred Heart, and he was sure there was not a prelate there present, nor a priest or layman, from any of the other dioceses and colonies, that would not -'?'?.'? join there in this solemn dedication of their church and themselves to the Sacred Heart. Yes they would all most creditably unite with the , Archbishop and his clergy and people in this solemn act of conseoration, and while doing so they would repose calmly in the Sacred Heart of Jesus, and imbued with His goodness and love they would at the moment of conseoration renew their determination to promote the religious edu cation of the rising generation of this noble colony of New South Wales. Another great congregation assembled at Ves pers and Benediction, and when illuminated the Cathedral looked even better than it did in the morning. His Grace the Arohbishop was the officiating prelate, and his assistants were the Very Rev. Dean Doyle and the Very 'Rev. Dean O'Connor, both of tho Ar'midale diocese, and the Ven. Archpriest Sheehy. It had been announced that the archdiocese was to be solemnly conse crated to the Sacred Heart, and the simple '.;;' though beautifully impressive ceremony was per formed during Benediction when the act of con . Becration was made. His Grace, robed in cope, ; read, the act slowly to the congregation from the' ?'?'' front of the , sanctuary, and after the ' prayers ^jOur ..Father^ J Hail, Mary, and the .ApoBtle's; ;j 'Greed* had 'been reoited, the always-impressive Te Deum was sung by priests and choir. The ..-. ; : ' ? ~ ? ? ? — ~— — — ^— -^^^— — spectacle presented, as the act was being made, was one peculiar to our holy religion— an affect ing, beautiful, and truly Catholic scene of faith and devotion. All, save the Arohbishop, who faces the congregation, are kneeling in adoration before the Most Adorable Sacrament, the solemn stillness being broken only by tho prelate, who pro nounces, on behalf, of the archdiocese, perpetual fidelity to the Sacred Heart of Jesus ; and the words of prayer: and promise seem to enter the hearts and souls of the vast assemblage. The consecration finished, all rise, and the church's great hymn of joy rings through the building. Before reading the act of consecration his Grace the Archbishop, advancing to the saactuary steps, addressed the congregation. Ho requested all present to join him in making the act of con secration to the Sacred Heart, and suggested that they should point this consecration by some dis ''u'u uouomjiuniiiuu. xaey were ail aware tnat the principal reason why he and the priests of thisjdiocese had been so earnest in endeavouring to, roof this building and pay for itj was that they would have to meet a very heavy difficulty, to which the Bishop of Maitland referred that, morning, in such splendid language, and which they were determined by God's grace to meet with all the courage which they possessed. He begged this in order that they might show their real earnestness in the consecration of the Church of the diocese to Christ, and that they would promise Him, whilst making this act of consecra tion, that they would do all that lay in their power, by the influence of their words and by the' influence of their lives, to assist in the great work that the Church would engage in at the end of this year, when they would lose the sum of £9000, which was at present paid to the Catholic schools. In order that ho might shew them his sincerity he would tell them what he had deter mined to do when he first began, with the help of the people— to roof in this great cathedral. It ought to be tho case that this great cathedral would bring in a large income. He promised them that when the place had been kept in repair — presbytery and cathedral — and the priests had received their stipends, the whole of the income of this cathedral, as long as [they were in this difficulty, would be handed over by him to, the schools of their children, to testify to the Sacred Heart of Jesus Christ that these were not mere words, and that he was not going to rest with the mere expression of the deter mination that he had within him of spending himself and being spent in doing what lay in his power to plant in the hearts of the young the blosBom of hopo, and that they might be brought up . to know and love and serve God in thio world, and be happy with Him for ever in (lie next. _ Ho had not the slightest doubt that acoordiag to their means or measure the clergy of this diocese would follow his example, and he believed that tho laity, seeing that the bishops and priests were in earnest, would follow their example, and thus whether helped by the State or not, they would prove to the world that though _ money was very powerful, there was something which was higher and otron^er than money, and that was principle. The love by which they were animated would animate them with still greater earnestness in tho future when they had made this consecration to tho Sacred Heart of Jesus. He begged of them to determine to use all their influence and all the means they possessed, as far as they could do 30 fairly, to advance, when the time came, the inter ests of Catholic education in this archdiocese. Father T. Cahill, S.J., of Melbourne, Victoria, preached the evening sermon. BATHES OAHILL S BDRMOIJ'. For his text the preacher took tho words ' As the Father loved me, I also have loved you ; abide in my love,' St. John. So pure, so Bwoet^ ?so perfect, so strong, and go enduring was the love with which Jesus Christ loved our race that He likens it to the Divine love, the in finite love which binds together in such perfect unity the persons of the Almighty Trinity, ' as the Father hath loved me I also have loved you.' Our Blessed Saviour invited the human race to love Him in return, and was ever invitation more sweet or demand more just ? Whilst the Re deemer spoke those tender and loving words, we may imagine His hands uplifted for a moment and then folded on His bosom as if inviting the apostles to fix their thoughts on Hio Snored Heart, and that gesture, tho light that beamed from Hia oyes, and tho sweetness of Hia voico all oombined to make the loving command most welcome, and would that he could add irresis tible. While the hands of the Saviour are preosed to His bosom feeling tho beatings of Hia heart within, He looks forward to an hour soon to come in which a wide and gaping wound is to be made by a soldier's hand in that sacred heart. In the Scriptures it was given that a soldier opened His heart with a opoar. O bloesed open ing ! O Divine wound ! A moat fitly chosen word said Saint Augustine — an opening by which those who loved Him may enter and may livo for ever in Hia eacrod heart — 'prefigured by Koah when he made tho opening in the side of tho ark through which all who v/oro to be caved entered. Butalas! when they asked themselves whother the precept ' Abide in my love ' v/as obeyed they were met by the hideous and lamentable fact that by many upon whom it was moat binding it was disobeyed ; and they found coldnnsa, ingratitudo, and neglect where there should ho only the moot devoted service. What feeling? did that fact awaken in the hearts of those who wore faithful and really loved God ? — it filled them with a holy desire to love Jesus with redoubled fervour, a desire to make amends for the neglect of others, and to pay back tho debt so justly due to the' Redeemer of mankind. The members of tho Catholio Church wore moved by this desire, for they had been taught from childhood to love the Sacred Heart of Jesus, and that evening they would rejoice now that an opportunity had offered itself for them to gratify to its fullest extent that desire. Their Archbishop was about to dedicate himself, his church, and his flock to the Saored Heart of Jesus. With then? whole heart and soul they would join in that act, and make a most solemn and open pro fession of one of the most fundamental principles of their holy religion. May She in whose holy name the Cathedral had been commenced, and by whose blessing it would be completed, may She who had given Jesus His human heart because She had given Him Hia humanity, obtain for them from the Holy Ghost the grace to know and to love the heart of Jesus, so that the same fire of love may inflame their hearts, and communicate itself to others. In contemplating the humanity of Jesus they adored Him even as the wise men and the angels adored the man Christ Jesus, the second Person of the Blessed Trinity. There was a peculiar fitness in choosing the Sacred Heart of Jesus for adoration, because the heart was tho dwelling-place of the affectiono. Through the heart goodness was revealed, and when Jesus showered blessings on His loved ones all those blessings came from His heart. His love, Hio mercy, His compassion resided in His hoart, and hence it was that we found in the Cf n /111 n ^\ 'LJTrt,. ,.L ^ II ? *T'__'I 1 ? j n t ? ociuruu jauarr, or our juora an oD3ect of loving adoration. But, unhappily, Jesua was not uni veroally loved, for He had been warred against from the very beginning. Amongst these enemies they might distinguish four classes — corruptors of doctrine ; the persecutors, who inflicted pain and death ; civil powers who, by hampering* the action of the Church, prevented the progress of the kingdom of grace, and, withdrew souls from God ; and finally, Catholics who believed in God but did not love Him. There had been corrup tors of doctrine from the very first century, and they had continued to the present day, until the list of the socts was ludicrous in its character and extraordinary length. One of tho great causes of regret in connection with this. perversion of doc trine was that there were so many good men; among the perverters. There were among the Protestant denominations those who were so good and so virtuous that it was a matter of deep regret that they did not share with tho Catholics the grace of being members of the Church— that they did not bask, as the Catholic people did, in tho ? full effulgence which came from the divine heart of Jesus Christ. If they looked back into the ages of persecution, when tho pastora of the Church were especially selected for death in its worst forms, what a noblo galaxy of martyrs rose before them the mention of whose names awakenB a thrill of emotion in every Christian neart. wnat could have been more horrible than the martyrdom of Dermot O'Hurley, Archbishop of Cashel, the saintly prelate who was publicly boiled in burning oil, and yet what more supremely noble than hio heroic bravery, and his great faith ? But had the persecutors achieved their aim ? The diocese of Caohel was at tho present day ruled by a worthy successor of Dermot O'Hurley, and tho faith was still as pure and as fresh as the streams that run down the moun tains. In every country in Europe there were im pious legislators, who blasphemed tho name of Jeous, and every year in Paris there was a mock ery of the passion of Christ. One method of striking a blow at the Church was through the education of the children by expelling the reli gious Orders. They knew that Christ oaid, ' Suffer little children to come unto me ;' and they en deavoured to repel those children. They knew that if the children were brought to the foot of Jeauo they would learn to love His name, hence they endeavoured by legislation to draw the children away from grace, and drive them to infidelity. Thio wag an act of persecution, an act of X7zv, which the Catholics would resist to death if it should be necessary. Catholics loved tho heart of Jeoue, and they would not suiter then- little ones to be torn from it even if they had to sacrifice their livea in the struggle. There were always oomo who were willing to betray their fellow men and join tho enemies of the Church, and while those opposed fco the Church calculated on tho support of such people they saw into their characters and despised them 'What will you give mo and I will hand him over to you?'— 'Thirty pieces of silver.' These words could be applied to the renegades who, in order to seek promotion of some kind, some temporal advantage, sold themselves to the enemy. As they were all aware the Apparition of the Sacred Heart appeared to a holy woman in a convent of Franco, Blessed Mary Alacoquo ; but it was not merely on account of these revelations that we loved the heart of Our Divine Redeemer. But tho special devotion to the Sacred Heart was established after these visions, for in them Our Bloaoecl Lord promised to those who loved Him that Ho would be with them all their lives strengthen them in temptation, and fhat their nameo would bo written in the Book of Lifo In a moment they would see Our Divine Lord really preaont in tho Most Blessed Sacrament. Let them listen with fervour to tho words of this solemn act of consecration, and beg of Our Lord and Hio Blessed Mother to watch over and pro tect thio diocoBo, its pastor, and its people, so that nothing in life or death may ever separate them from the Sacred Heart of Jeauo. As the Biohopo and clergy left tho sanctuary, and tho congregation dispersed, Zingarolli'o ' Lau dato ' wao oung by the tenor soloist and chorus, and when this was finished the ' Triduum March' wao performed, thus bringing to a close with joy ouu muuic tho opening eeromouica o2 new St. Mary'u. And now our task ia dono, and no one more than ourselves can feel how iinporfectly wo have de scribed tho august ceremonial, and how poorly wo have painted tho scenes of holiness, of beauty, and Hgrandeur witnessed within the now-blessed walla of St Mary's Cathedral during tho opening Triduum of September 1882. 