LAYING THE CORNER-STONE OF THE HOUSE OF MERCY, WAKE FIELD-STREET. On Sunday afternoon, September 24, the corner-stone of the House of Mercy, Wake field-street, in connection with the Order of the Sisters of Mercy, was solemnly laid by His Lordship Dr. Reynolds, in the presence of a large number of citizens who assembled to witness the ceremony. A procession left St. Francis Xavier's Cathedral about 3 p.m., headed by the children attending the schools of the Sisters, followed by the members of the Order of the Children of Mary and His Lordship the Bp hop, in full pontificals, accom Xianiedby the Rev. hatkersO Sullivan, Healey, Godolphi, and McCloskey. The Litany of the Blessed Virgin having been sung, His Lordship and the attendant priests proceeded around the building singing the psalm " Miserere," ac the conclusion of which the psalm " Nisi Doininus" was chanted. His Lordship theu blessed the corner-stone, invok ing the aid of the BlcsBed Trinity, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, as prescribed by the Roman Ritual. This having been concluded, His Lordship spoke as follows:— Having laid the corner-stone of this " House of Mercy" in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, 1 will address you a few words on this ausx>iciouB occasion. As the name of the structure indicates, the work of mercy is to lie carried out herein in all its coinpletness, and I must here say that it is only in keex>ing with the spirit of that great and noble minded woman, Catherine McAulay, the founder of the order of the Sisters of Mercy, that a House of Mercy Rhould l>e established in this city. It was on September 24,1829, that Catherine McAulay began, in an humble way in Baggot-street, Dublin, a House of Mercy. I had the pleasure of hearing that great woman, and her words left upon me a dec]) imxiression—an ^ impression that will never be effaced. Catherine McAulay saw the dangers to which young women were ex X>osed in the City of Dublin, and she made a noble and _ successful effort to save them from the evil influences which are insexjarablc from all large cities. The beginning was humble indeed, but Catherine McAulay soon secured the belli and aid of others, and in a short time she had the satis faction of seeing her long-deBired wish an accomplished fact. Catherine McAulay has Iiassed away, and she lias received her reward, but her works remain. The Order of the Sisters of Mercy has suc ceeded in establishing schools, hospitals, dispensaries,and Houses of Mercyin England, Ireland, and Scotland, and also in our own lovtd land of Australia. At a period in the world's history when Chris tiaiiESufferedimdertheerueltiesof the Moslem and many of them had become the slaves of tbe Mussulman, God in his goodness .called up a uian in the person of St. Nolacke, who did wonders in rescuing captives from the infidels and restoring them again to their sorrowing friends. But great as that work at that period _ undoubtedly was, Catherine McAulay's. in still more modern times, is equally as deserving of our unqualified admira tion. To look after those in a city who are the most deserving of care is a work worthy of those animated with the spirit of Christ, and the Sisters of Mercy since their arrival in this colony have been most anxious to carry out the intention of their founder, Catherine McAulay, and establish a House of Mercy amongst us. Thanks to many kind friends who know and aiipreciate their self-denying labours, they have been enrouraged to under take the present structure ; and though it is humble it-is certainly an improvement on the adjoining building, in which the lirst attempt was made to found a House of Mercy in this colony. To begin in an humble way, however, is characteristic of the Catholic Church. The great Saviour of mankind himself came into this world in the humblest of habitations, and on this great feast of the Mother of God. under the title of "Mother of Mercy, the Sisters have fixed their corncr-Btone. Without the blessing of heaven no work can prosper, and as the Royal Psalmist says —"Unless the Lord build the house they labour in vain who build it; unless the Lord keep the city, he watcheth in vain that keepeth it." The great work that will be carried out in this house will meet with God's blessing, and I therefore confidently ask you to come forward to-day and Biiow by your liberal contributions that you mean to aid in God's work, and that you will do your utmost to bring this structure to a completion. We are assured that even a " cup of cold water" given in God's name will not go without its reward; and hence, give according to your means. As for myself, I regret that the de mands upon me are so great for the erection of schools, churches, and kindred institutions throughout tbe diocese that I cannot give as largely as 1 could desire, but to manifest my earnestness in the work I will commence the collection by giving £5. I am sure you will do your best, and tbat fuuds will be forth coming to carry out the graud work that has been to-day so happily and formally inaugu rated. The total amount collected reached the respectable sum of £">214s. (id. 