Catholic Young Men's JSociety. The following is the opening address delivered to -the members of the above society • by . the Rev. Father Kelly, on Wednesday,- November 18 :— Gentlemen—I think the most suitable Bubject which I could have selected for my address to von this evening is the " Aim of the Catholic Church. The aim of this church has Always presented itself to my mind |as particularly suited to an opening address for any Christian combination or society, for as a matter of history this church " saw the commencement of all the governments and of all the ecclesiastical establishments that now exist in the world ;" and who here does not feel a strong assurance that she will also see the end of them all ? Before I state what I conceive the end of, the Catholic Church to be, I wish to say my object is not to examine the divine origin of the church—Its wonderful and miraculous propagation; its perfect oneness; ita notes or characters of unity, holiness, catholicity, and apostolicity; nor even directly to eet forth proofs of its dogmatic teaching;' nor again the wonderful succession of its' rulers, vicars of Christ—from Peter to Let*; nor even to be the apologist for Scandals, which no Catholic in fairness calx deny * have been committeed by many of her Wicked children, who have forgotten themselves aiid their God, and who, like a Judns among the apostles, or a Nicholas among the deacons, have brought reproach and shame to their mother, and stained her, fair name with instances of cruelty and oppression, watonness and profligacy, hypocrisy and unfaithfulness; nor is it my intention either to show that if "the Catholic Church (as a -Protestant writer confesses) had done nothing more, than to preserve for us, by painful solicitude and unrewarded toil, the precepts and intellectual treasures of Greece and Rome, she would have been entitled to our everlasting gratitude," Gentlemen, my object this evening is to examine the aim of the church as a great agent and mighty power of civilization; no mere subjective, but an. objective, which no reasonable man can ignore, how strong soever be the right of private judgment which he claims fcr himself. The aim of this church is the salvation of each individual said; she looks at the souls for which Christ died, and who are made over to her and her one object, fot which everything is sacrificed—appearances, reputation, worldly triumph—is to acquit herself well of this most awful responsibility. To give the words of a great wetter whom a recent critic has described as'a.""man in the working of whose individual mind the intelligent portion of tfye English public is more interested than in that of any other living person." •''Actions," he says, " in her sight, are not mere oUtwkrd deeds and words committed by hand or tongue; but they are the thoughts, the desires, the purposes of the solitary responsible spirit. Good and evil are not to her mere lights and shades passing over the facte otj society ; they are living powers sprinjjjuig mnh the depths of the {luman heart. She 'knows no evil but sin, and sin is'something personal, conscious, voluntary. She .knows no good but grace, and grace again is something personal, private ; lodged in the soul of the individual She has one aim and one aim Only—to purify the- heart, Sjbe lyeeollects who it is who has turned our thoughts from the external crime to" the inward imagination; who said that unless our justice abounded-morethan that of the scribes and pharisees, we should not enter into < the. kingdom of heaven and that "out of the heart, proceed evil thoughts, murders, adulturers, fornications, thefts, false testimonies, blasphemies. These are the things that defile a man." The one great idea of the church is to combat sin— sin that is the enemy of soul—and it is the teaching'of the church that sin consists not in oyert acts, but in thoughts of the heart. \- What'means does the-church use in order to*attain her end"? The santification of each indiyidual aouh , She pirns at three special virtues as reconciling _an3 uniting the soul' to its maker—fStTvpu'rlly, a&d; charity ; for two of which the -world cares -little or nothing. The world on the one hand puts in.r.the foremost place in some states , of society certain heroic qualities-; in others certain virtues uf a political or mercantile character. The aim of the world and the aim'of the Church are totally different. The world regards that alone as evil whatever opposes it; whatever obscures its majesty ; whatever disturbs its peace. Its summum hotium (its supreme good) is tranquility, popular' contentment, plenty, prosperity, advance in sciences and arts, literature, refinement, splendor. . It regards the men who compose it not as beings complete in themselves, .possessing inviduality, but only as .units which compose it and are parts of it; beings who have no perfection in themselves, a»d whose end alone is the glorification of the world. It knows nothing. of conscience; its Jaws are .penal j; nothing of' hell, which it disbelieves; nothing of the devil, whose existence it denies. •Gentlemen, the church moves in quite an opposite direction, it contemplates not the whole, but the puts 5 not a nation but the men ,whb form it; not society iu the first place, but in the second plabe. It contemplates in the first place individuals ; it looks beyond the outward act, oh 'and into the thought, the motive, the intention, and the will. The mighty world-wide church, like her divine founder, regards, consults for, labors for the individual soul. It is patent that the world and the world's ends cannot save man. It never claimed such honor ; such is not its sum. The church alone—the Catholic Church—can save society. I say the Catholic Church advisedly. For what logical alternative is there between that church and scepticism? 'Turn away from it, and where will you go ? Unlearn Catholocism, and you become Protestant, Unitarian, Deist, Panthiest, Sceptic, in a dreadful but infallible succession; only not infallible by some accident of your position if you dismiss the subject of religion from your mind, deny yourself -your reason, devote your thoughts to other pursuits and dissipate them in the engagements of the world. Let those who are not Catholics be charitable and kind; enjoy themselves and, if they can, be happy ; but let them eschew religious enquiry. If they will not have faith nor hope they can have faith to join the church. The impotency and impossibility of the teaching of the world to save mankind is plain to the most casual observer. If we analyse society, and consider it from an intellectual point of view, or from a moral standpoint, or even politically, we will be forced to confess that society cannot save itself. Human reason having having torn away from faith in God's revelation—the source of all our supernatural knowledge— that revealed truth which can never be at variance with scientific knowledge, a truth known by human reason has, I say, run recklessly to it own doom. Oh, strange results of free thoughts. In this enlightened age one set of philosophers believing in spiritualism, and making ghosts the pith and substance their philosophy; another set denying altogether the existence of spirit, of mind, of immaterial substance; and endowing with omnipotence matter. Morally, what has society done for mankind. Nothing for his supernatural end; much to render hard and intolerable his mere natural existence. It has produced an amount of social evil of which I am ashamed to speak; it has undermined the very foundations of domestic peace and happiness; it has rendered legal divorce. The churcb has always held that the tie of matrimony is indissoluble. It has allowed separations it is true for grave reasons; but it holds that no earthly power can dissolve the marriage consummated between man and wife. But now when a woman marries what proof has she that the man will remain her husband. May not calumny blight her character, and some base unfounded accusation blast her hopes. How easily is a pure woman's good name tainted and destroyed by slander. Viewing society politically what do we see? We see revolt from the teaching of St. Paul that "all power is from God ;" we see injustice and opression in rulers ; we See a spirit of rebellion against just governments ;we see venality, demoralization in all departments of the State. We see no power recognised which appeals with equal force to him who sits upon the throne or to them who obey his rule ; no power wielded not only over the subject, but also over the the monarch. An ungrateful age is this in which we live ; an age forgetful of all it owes to the Catholic Church, forgetful that it was its " influence, potent as its truth is strong," that established these civil and municipal rights which have formed the basis of our modern civilization. I am sure all reasonable men who seriously examine these few points which I have set before you will freely confess that society separated from the church has destroyed itself. If the church is to save society it must heal it by imparting a Christian and a Catholic education to the youth. We must go to the fountain head, to the spring if we will heal the water of a flowing stream, so that there may be uo more death and bitterness in them ; and if we will produce a lasting and sacred union in matrimony we must make the young respect and esteem the purity aud sanctity of the matrimonial contract. No civilization has the key to the human heart; there is no power on the face of the earth which can touch the inward life of man; and therefore the reason aud the will; but only the knowledge of God and of our Iiord Jesus Christ. Legislation cannot do this; science cannot; no, nor literature nor civilization. As men know God they are lifted up and elevated". It was Christianity which brought civilization into the world, not civilization which brought Christianity. In the Catholic Church we hare means perfectly adapted for its ends. In truth did the crowd testify of our Lord " He did all things - well," aud well did he establish, his Church. We must admit the action of the church upon society. However fashionable it be now-a- days to emancipate oneself from priestly influence and the salutary discipline of the gospel; in fact, common to break from every control of religion, saying in the heart if we cannot with the reason "There is no God." And thus with quieted, benumbed, perhaps with tranquilized conscience, we can for a time pursue our misdeeds with hearts not so ill at ease ; without feeling that sting which the world s greatest dramatist painted in the heart of his sin- stained heroine—painted as a disease by which she is "troubled with thickcoming fancies that keep her from her rest," "which leaves in the memory a _ rooted sorrow, written troubles in the brain, and charging the bosom with "perilous stuff," weighes upon the heart. But the voice of conscience and the dictates of nature are strong. '' Naturam si expellas furca tamen usque recurrit," and in our thoughtful moments when excitement cools down, when passion is expended, when reason regains her lofty throne, then we seek the comfort of the Church, the sweetness of religion, crying out in our hearts for the " touch of a vanished hand and the sound of a voice that is still." But perhaps the voice of conscience is stilled, and we look upon these prompting of grace "as false creations proceeding from the heat-oppressed brain," and as in the physical world we often see a calm follow the storsi so g. calm comes over us aud we set our iniiwls at rest' hy doing' 'SOtoe charitable deed ; «hdowing'sSnietnStitutiou for the good of our kind, and- thus persuade ourselves that we have done as much as is required, and so we go on through life ; and at length pass away—ut conviva satur, not with much regret for the world we leave, but with grave anxiety and dismal foreboding with regard to the life to come. Gentlemen—Why pursue farther this moralizing train of thought ? Do we not all feel that we cannot get on without the church ; that society without her cannot be saved. And if this be true—as it is—I am £ure you will not blame me for putting before you at so early a meeting of our society the aim of the Catholic Church or its influence ugon .society. 