POLICE COURT-PORT ADELAIDE, THIS DAY. "Wednesday, Apeil 19. [Before Messrs. H. W. Thompson, J.P., D. : Bower, M.P., and J. M. Stacev, J.P.I 'John Gamble-, a West Australian aboriginal,> was charged with stealing a silver "watch and chain, Rvalue £312s. 6d.,fromC. Foster, master of; the ketch Percy. Remanded. The following is the rainfall Between the hours of 9 a.m. on Tuesday and the same hour on Wednesday at the undermentioned sta tions:— Blinman .. .. 0-005 I.Laura .. .. O'Olo Melrose .. .. 0-005 I Jamestown .. O'OlO Wivrabava.. .. 0'050 1 Yareowie.. .. 0 015 The anniversary services in connection with tl\e North Adelaide Congregational Church wfre held on Sunday, April 1G. The Annual teb, and public meetings took place on the following Tuesday evening, both being largely attended. At the public meeting theBev.' O. Copland, pastor of the church and chair man of the Congregational Union, presided, and Jie opened the proceedings with an ad dress, in the .course of which he described.the work of the church during the past year. He took a cheerful and hopeful view of the position of the church, the Sunday services of which, lie said, were well attended, while the various institutions associated with it-had all been successfully.maintained during the year. The work of the Sunday-school, under the . enthusiastic" management of Mr. T. Frost, w&s; also steadily . prospering ; the Bible classes, with which 94 young men and women ■were connected, having been marked by. special success. The number of scholars in the whole school was about 410, the average . attendance. being from 270 to 2S0. The floral society: -still held attractive shows, which showed continued improvement, and -the juvenile auxiliary to the London Mis sionary Society carried on its work success fully. The Young Christians'Union, num bering 174 members, was growing in strength arid usefulness. At the .Lower North Ade • laidc branch of. the chtu*ch progress had been made, and the affiliated church at Houghton • more especially maintained its number and earnestness. There were thirteen lay preachers on his (the chairman's) list. The ^mothers' mission at Lower North Adelaide ■was still going on quietly, and he asked .the congregation to lend it all the support they could. There were eighty members of the Young Men's Society, but the attendance was small, and it was to be hoped that it would improve. Amongst the most prominent events of the year had been the erection of the new lecture-room and the organ, which latter had proved to be a magnificent instrument. Altogether the work of the church had been such as to give ample cause for rejoicirig.and hopefulness. Mr. W. H. Tite read the balance-sheet, which showed that the total receipts for the year from all sources amounted to £1,53415s. 5d., and after various payments there was a balance due to the treasurer of £4018s. 9d, The revenue of the church had been well maintained, and the financial position was on the whole satisfac tory. Mr. G. Brookman presented a statement of the church building fund, showing that the total cost of the new buildings and organ had been £3,529, and the amount collected arid promised, £1,226 10s. The Bev. R. S. . Casely (President of the Wesley an Con ference), and the Bev. Allan Webb delivered excellent addresses, and the choir during the evening gave several anthems in a creditable manner, the new organ being used with fine effect. A meeting of the Early-Closing Association was held on Tuesday evening, April 18, in the Ycung Men's Christian Association Hall. There were about seventy persons present, and Mr. Midler occupied the chair. The chairman, in opening the proceedings, said that the object of the meeting.was to corisider the action of the committee during the last quarter. They also met,to ascertain what was the general feeling of the trade'on the matter. He regretted to have to say that so • far they had not been able to bring before them such an elaborate report as no doubt was expected. Their secretary had visited numerous houses in? the city, and had ascertained that the ma jority were in favor of early closing. They had endeavored to bring the matter to an issue by interviewing the Chief Secretary and the mayor. His worship had called two meetings, but in consequence of the small at tendance only one had been held. There were several clothing establishments that kept open on Saturdays, and he thought these con siderably prevented the drapers from closing eai'ly. They had not got any thing definite from the employers with regard to closing on Satur days. It was time to adopt anotlier method, viz., to go round to the houses and try to get .them to join. Seventy-two houseshaa signed the resolution to close, so that the agitation of the committee had resulted in some good. They had not received that assistance in the direction of subscriptions from the assistants that they ought to have had. There were over 1,000 hands in the retail houses, and only 3d. a man had so far been received. The early closing movement was growing all over the world, and What he advocated amongst them was more unity. The trea surer read the balance- sheet, which showed the receipts up to date to have been £77 10s. 9d, and the expenditure £53 7s. 5d. Mr. J. H. Gretton having been eppointed collector, Mr. Lemmington stated that seven houses were going to close early arid that the majority of the employers were willing and anxious to close early. Mr. Lemmington then made a number of sug gestions with reference to the movement, and it was decided that they Be considered by the committee. .Several gentlemen having spoken on the matter, and stated that the great drawback to the eai'ly closing was caused by the Jews, who kept their shops open to such late hours, Mr. Annels sug gested Jthat they should petition Parliament to bring in a Bill necessitating early closing of places of business on Saturday night. Mr. W. Floyd moved " That a- grand monster meeting be got up, and that ministers, lecturers, and leading men be invited to in fluence friends and families over whom they have control to assist in the movement." The motion was carried unanimously, and the arrangements for it were left in the hands of the committee. Several new members having been added, to the committee, -and votes of thanks passed to the Chief ;Secretary, His Worship the Mayor of Adelaide, and the press for the way in which they had sup ported the movement, the meeting termi nated. In the ease of Ay life and Brown v. the Glenelg Railway Company, Mr. H. C. H. Ay life appeared with Mr. Symon, Q.C.,fo'r the plaintiffs. A meeting of the Kent Town Football Club is to be held at the Kent Town Hotel this evening. - - A dinner is to be given to the Yen. Arch deacon Farr, late headmaster of St. Peter's College, by the old scholars of that institu tion, in the Town Hall refreshment-room this evening. Archdeacon Farr leaves for England this month. The pantomime of "Sinbad the Sailor" at the Theatre Boyal was repeated to another good house on Tuesday, when it had a cordial reception, and seemed to give general satisfaction. The pantomime will be re peated to-night. Another entertainment was given at the Port Adelaide Town Hall by Professor Bice's Hyperion Party on Tuesday evening. There was a good attendance. The programme was nearly the same as on the previous evening, with the addition of the Katie King mystery. The " mind-reading" was very successful, and thoroughly astonished the audience, who seemed to be entirely unable to fathom the mystery. The ghost was hardly so well put on as usual, but the appliances of the hall are insufficient for this kind of thing, which may partly account for it. The cabinet trick was got through very well, and in response to an individual who wished to give a special "tie up" the operator stated that he would allow any one to come forward and tie him as they pleased on the following night, when the party would give their last performance at Port Adelaide.. 