Twice Resurrected. A LADY BUEIED TWICE AND FINALLY BROUGHT TO LIFE. A womlSJJ m Smcarte, Mason county, ILL, to all appearance, died. But a few weeks previons to this she had given birth to a child, and was ap parently well, with the exception of a nursing sore mouth, from the effects of which she had grown quite weak ; so much so that her husband thought it was necessary to call in a physician,' ;bnt she obiected, insisting' unon waitinsr a few days longer, thinking she could manage the affection without the aid of a physi cian. Sh«s soon afterwards very ' suddenly sank away, and to all appearances gave up the ghost. The body was kept till the next ^y,; about 2 p.m., when it was enclosed 'in a coffin and -taken to the graveyard, followed by a great many mournful friends. In laying ?her out her arms were tied together above the Lelbows''with a-strip,of cloth, so that her hands Vould retain a natural position across her breast. At theTgrave some.of her friends wished to view her'remains and the coffin was opened that they might do bo. On-removing the lid over the glass they.couldynot see through the .moisture on it, and itjwas then seen that one of her hands had been .torn loose from the band and was lying by her side,', and her arms were as limber as of one alive, -The circumstances bore upon the minds of several-present, but still they could not enter tain=any notion but that she was dead. Her hands were again placed in ^position across 'her. .breast and re tied with the same strip of cloth, land £305 WAS .* Sm^QijJ). After .returning to their homes severabof the parties who had noticed the singular appearance ,of the corpse commenced to talk it -over, and they .soon raised a doubt in their minds that she was ?iaot;dead. About ^5 .o'clock the tame evening ^several-went to the grave and^toofc the body-jap. ^Dnopening^the coffin jthey found fresh moisture on the. glass of the 'coffin lid, and her hands /were again broken from the strip of ' doth i£hat bound them, and they were 'both lying 'fey her side, and instead ef her limbs ?being in the least rigid, .they and her fingers were flexible. 2Jotwi£h6tanding all thie, they Jcould not convince themselves but she was dead, ?Tiad she was re-buried. The matter was generally 'discussed in the neighbourhood, and by the following Sunday the excitement had- grown so intense thai it was decided to. re-exhume her. the following 3ay.. The next day, Monday, after she had slept beneath the sod for. four days and jnights, she was again resurrected and taken to 'her home, where she has been slowly but gradu ally improving. Her Sriends entertain the strongest hopes of her recovery, which, if she does, will be a remarkable occurrence, long to be ??remembered by the people of Sniearfce. The way -in whieh this affair was managed was, to say the least, very singular. 