35o«0' Column. . MAX BANDER'S WILD TIGER. HI lIATTItEW WHITE, JCN. I didn't liko that littlo Fronch villago. Thad and I woro at our wit's end to find somo way to amuse ourselves. Thoro wasn't any river to row on, nor any hills- to climb, and not a singlo person wo could talk to out of tho family. Thon yon sort of felt as if yon woro a lnnalio in an asylum; for instead of fences, ovory houso had a high stono wall around it ; that is, ovory honso oxcopt the ono whoro wo boarded, which was surrounded by an iron railing, with tho bars just far enough apart to mako it look liko a cago.in a monagonc.. .At least this is what Thad said it reminded him oi, turn Buiuutuuua i uuuu vu uuu iuiu ivuriDg up and down behind it, playing ho was an African lion. I didn't tell him it was silly, because once in a whilo I turned panther my self. It was on awfully poky town. About thrco times every, day Thad and I used to beg father to go somowhero elsb, but ho always said, 44 Havo patience, boys." I wonder if anvbody ovor counted tho number of times fathers and mothers say, 44 Have patience?" If it's as tiresome to say as it is to listen to, I fed sorry for them. Well, one morning when they both wero out drivipg, and.tho landlady bad gono to market, and there was nobody at homo but tho French cook and us boys, I was that sorry for Thad, not to mention how awfully dull I was myself, that I felt I must do something. .So I called Thad down-stairs, and told him' I'd invent'a new play for him. 44 Wo can use tho fcnco just the same for a cage, " I explained, 14 and you're to bo a tiger a keeper's trying to tame. I'll be tho keeper, and at first you must snap at me through tho bars ; but I'll look yon straight in tho oye all tho timo (that's tho way keepers do), and then all of a sadden I'll open tho door, rush into the cage, and you'll bo tamed." Thad said that would bo fun, and thon I got father's cane, and wo both wont out into Sie front yard. Hardly anybody over walked on the street, so I wasn't afraid of being in terrupted. I wont outside, shutting the gato behind mo, and Thad haying .ourlcd himself up closo to the railing; pretending to bo iosleep, I began operations by poking him with my stiok. At first he only gave a low growl. (I wasn't sure whether tigers growled or howled, but I told him a growl would do) ; but when tho cone slipped and tioklcd him under tho orm, he jumped up, and neithor growled nor howled, but screamed, until I was obliged to remind him that ho wasn't a wild-cat. 44 Bat tickling's not fair," ho cried, still squirming a little. "All right," I answered, begining miy ta ming operations; and keeping my eye on him .in a way that I think really began to frighten him. : Then ho started racing up and down in side the fence, I after him on the outside, un til wo wero both quito out of breath; and then ho stood still, and snapped at mo between the bars. Wo were right by tho gato, and whilo ho had his head oat, pretending to gnaw my stiok; I suddenly Jet go of .it, and slipping through the gatoway, rushed up behind him boforc you could say 44 Jack Robinson." \- 'jNow iyou must turn around, and we'll look at caoh other for a minute, and then you'll givo in," I cried, making believe crowd into a corner of the cago. 44 But I can't turn round," cxoIaimcdThad. 44 1 can't got my head out," " Why, how did you get-it .in,, then ?" I replied, stepping up to examine into matters. " Twist it tho other way." Thad thereupon obediently gave afresh tug, but all in vain ; his head remained Btuck betwoon the bars like a cow's in tho patent stalls.. . I was spared then; and nover. thinking about tigers, took him by tho ncok, aud tried my best to got him free ; but I couldn't. Then ho sot op a very unbcastliko yell, whioh brought tho French cook out of tho houso, with a bunch of garlio in her hand. "When sho saw what' had -happened,' she screamed louder than Thad. Tho noiBO thoy both mado toirothcr was Bomothina friehtfu!.' whilo I ran first one side of tho fence, then tho othor, wondering dismally if wo'd havo to ; live in that . town always because Thadi couldn't gethis head out, . Jf we'd ha'd anyinoighbora, except a deaf old man, a woman 'Who; never left her bed, and' two young mon who wont to work threo miles: ,away,-I-9upposo we'd soon havo had a crowd » : aronnd.hsj'hut as it was, nobody appeared but; a littlo girl with a hunk of bread, the sight of, whioh caused Thad to stop hollowing, and; deolaro that wo must bring him something to, eat. " i When I had opmicd and Bhut my mouth > sovoro) times, pointing my finger down it and-: then at Thad, tho cook oomprobonded.what. was wanted, and rushing outside of tho fcnco, ; put that bunch of garlio right under my! brother's nose. ' ; "I'ahl" .ho cxolaimed, and wrenched his. head back so suddenly that;I half expected to see both his cars dxop off. 44 Oh, dear," I groaned, 44 if ho can't free himsolf with such a jerk as that we can nover get him out at all." .Then recolleoting that Thad hated tho smell of garlio as muoh as I did, and seeing- thattiio cook was still trying to feed him with; it, I motioned sternly towards tho house, and; ordered her to 44 departoz," which wasn't hard ; to say, as you just take an English word rind ' put a littlo Frenoh end to it. . .... . 8hb understood mo at pnep/hnd-'seomod to1 fool quite insulted, for she walked straight hack to tho kitchen, slamming tho: gato after her. 1 The noxt minute somebody slapped mc -on tho shoulder, and taming, I jumped as if I had seen a ghost, for it was Thad, and I was at least fivo' feet from tho fence. Yon see, when tho gato was opon the space . botweon those two particular bars was a little smaller than when it was shut. Thad and I might havo remained in that picklofor any longth of timo, ho sorcaming at tho top of his voico, and I dancing around him in agony. Who knows how long it would havo taken us to find out that all wo bad to do wob to shut tho gato, if that woman hadn't got mad and given it suoh on awful' slam ? — Harper's Young People. 