It has lately been'.1 notified' that rtheA'i .Government propose to-'place'a sum o.E. £600 upon the .Estimates for the purpose of encouraging technical training at the Brisbane School :o£ Arts. : . This, we believe, , is the result of some correspondence which,' has/, passed botween the committee of 'the' J Brisbane School- of Avts and the ^ Minister for Public Instruction. We. opsorye ? witu isatistaction that tho' Education Department is thus likely ... to become responsible for a vote con nected with the Brisbane School of :; 'Arts. It would seem to follow that the annual vote for Schools- 'if ''Art'1'1' . will eventually come under the same heading, and that they will 'thus be transferred from the Colonial Secre- ?' tary's department , to one altogether more appropriate; for Schools of ' Art1 ' ought certainly to haye a place in ou* educational system. We should be sorry to- say that- even :now they do not really contribute -to. the. public '. instruction of the people, for a read7 ing room where ready access 'can be had to periodicals, . and a library pro vided with good standard ! literature . . must always do that. But there is no doubt that something more than this is expected from a School of Arts worthy of the name, though perhaps nothing very, advanced, can be looked for in our Schools of Art in the pro- ? vincial. towns... They might, however, „ be made the centre of the local intelli gence of the district to a much greater extent than they are. When- we come to think how much the: well-being 'of ' our lives is dependent . upon an under standing of the laws of science, aijd that art, after all, is nothing more than the r practical application of science, it is astonishing to think that more attention is ? not drawn to these matters. ., , ? It may be said that we have the whole world of literature open to us T-cheap newspapers with all their bmmiscient receipts, cheap science primers, encyclopaedias, and what ' not — and thus to a great extent the instruction in science and art, which, is so inestimable in valuej-'and which is thus, as it is said, rendered accessible to all. Of course, we are very thankful for our books. They . 'disseminate knowledge, and all know ledge is science. But this kind of.: knowledge requires a great deal of demonstration . before it can be rfi.nlisfid tn nnv (innil nnrnnsn. Talro. for instance, that most charming science, the science of botany — a science and a field of observation open to every one of us, a most humanis ing, tranquilising. . resource, a study which for men and womeD, for boys. and girls alike, is brimfull of beauti ful suggestive thought. Botany can scarcely be learned from books. A great many names of course can be paraded before us. The phraseology of science may describe botany as physiology, and we may be' told that' this same physiology is divided into morphology, and physiology, tax onomy, and all the rest. All this is ratlfer frightful, and like the phrase, ology of .theology itself *it is disheart ening to simple minds. But the thing . itself, when taught by some ono who has entered into its inner life, is as simple and as beautiful as' the primary truths of religion itself. It is in itself, no. doubt,, a kind of religion , of, .the vegetable' world, because those who enter npon its study are enabled to perceive, as they; never can perceive without studying it, what a wonderful variety there' is in', these manifestations of . the ? creative power. '' -..' ; '.'-,? ?-,: -.. .' ';..'? Yet, how many are there' who avail themselves of the instruction-to1. be derived from, .the observation, of tljis most delightful branch of science? How-'many primary school boys, when they leave school, have any- idea that f.liorA in n. wlinlA iirntmrao nf Irn/«w ledge, of real science, to be extracted out of the vegetable kingdom.' A boy. may have read some science primer on botany. He, ,,may .have, .opened ' a botanical encyclopajdiaj and he may have been truly alarmed at. the. terrible array 'of names toi be .. seen tliere— the thallophyta;! the.Vcormophyta, and the spermoearpia. He draws back from them in horror, just as the child shrinks in 'horror from thewicked ghosts and goblins of the nursery tales. But he chances rsome fine day to meet a kind teacher who is familiar with the internal structure of a cabbage ! The parent age, birth, progress, and reproduction of that interesting botacice.l specimen are explained to him in familiar terms. Ho looks into the very heart of . a cabbage, and sees what he never saw before. He becomes alive to its wonderful organisation. For the first time he sees what an altogother un fathomable nature there is even in a ; cabbage, and thenceforth he becomes an observer of nature. ?'. ( How has this happened? Simply enough. He got pulled up by some one who was really a scientific man, not ono who was cram full of ! the . ' scientific terminology of botany, though, he- knew quite enough of that; but one who was really wid truly. iUuwi* .' nated with its inner life,. and who was., capable of conveying this illumination in a simple way. There are numerous instances of youths who have been at tracted to some particular study bv some fortunate coincidence of this ? kind. The great physiologist and chemist, Dr. Oakpenteb, related before a Royal Commission in Eng land how it was that he came to bo attracted to science. He had a chance while at school in Bristol of attending some science lectures. His attention was arrested. He perceived that nature was one vast bible, so to speak. He got reading that book, and he has never ceased reading it ever since, finding that it is brim full of the most wonderful wisdom. He has thus be come what Bacon describes man him self to be — the minister and interpre ter of Nature — '?'?Homo minister et in terpres Haturcd. Journalism at Gympie. — A new paper is to be started at Gympie, under the direction o£ Mr Hart, of the Printers' Art Journal, Sydney. Lawn Tennis. — A special meeting of the Lawn Tennis club was held at Honncssy's j ho*ol last Monday evening , to elect a seere ' taty in the place of Mr Larard, who has re moved in Brisbane, and Mr Macdonaldwas unanimously elected/: The secretary was then instructed to arrange a match with the ?Warwick player3, Saturday, 10th Juno, being suggested as the most; suitable day for the match. '??'?-? , ; jfe A New .Bank.— The Hon. J. J. Casey, ^president o£ the newly established Federal Bank of Australia, arrived in Brisbane on Monday last, for the purpose of opening a branch of the bank in the metropolis, Toowoomba Eaces.— Tho gates, booths, &C;, for' the ensuing race meeting will be sold by auction at Messrs. Gregory and Scholo field's rooms on Saturday next, at noon. The acceptances for the various events close to-day. Immigrants.— There are twenty seven single, and two married men at the Immi gration depot awaiting engagement. The Weather.— Light rains fell yesterday and last night in the district and- will prove very seasonable for the young wheat crop which, we hear, is looking very well indeed. The rainfall in Toowoomba was 0-44 inch. The rain appears to have cleared off, and this morning a strong and cold westerly wind was blowing. 0\. Company.— A parade of this company is called for Friday evening next, when all members are requested to attend, tho busi ness, we understand, being of importance. BtroGY Accidest. — On Monday afternoon Mrs. .Roberts, accompanied by Mrs. Cory were driving down Herries.Btreet when, near Mr Paterson's store, the kingbolt of the trap dropped out, and the horse started off with the forepart and pair of wheels, the body of the vehicle being left behind. The ladies were thrown out, but were noj hurt beyond the shock and fright. The horse was caught in Euthven- street. Tho forepart of the trap was considerably injured. Toowoomba Vineyard Company. — A meeting of intending shareholders and others interested in the formation of the Toowoomba Vineyard Company was held last evening at the offices of Messrs. Gregory and Schole field, Mr. Marwedel occupying the chair. The attendance, in consequence of the rain, was only limited, and after a conversation on the prospects of floating the compaay and the question'Ncf canvassing the district for Bhares, it w^s resolved to adjourn the meeting till Saturday night next at the same place. It transpired that upwards of 300 shares had been already applied for, principally by the provisional directors, and it is expected that number will be at least doubled before Saturday. 1* appears an impression has gained ground that this company is being floated for the purpose of selling some favored bit of ground, and such an impression getting abroad would be likeiy to prejudice the floating of the company. We may once for all state that no such motive exists. Mr. Ffahl it is true, as a stranger having leisure and in view of the floating of a company, Mre visited several ► ' parts of tho district with the view of Ascertaining by observation the features of 'pine country and its suitability for grape growing, but nothing moro than this. Neither lie, nor any of tho provisional directors have any power whatever to select and purchase land. They may recommend certain sites for the consideration of share holders but nothing inoro. ' It will be, wo f imagine, for the shareholders themselves in public meeting, or for tho directors whom they elect to look nfter tho interests of tho company to say where its oporatioHs shall bo carried on. We hope on Saturday to see a large attendance at the adjourned meeting. Fiee. — At about half-past one o'clock yesterday morning a fire broko out |in the cottage recently occupied by Mrs Cclia Black as a boarding houso in Euthven-street south. The alarm was given shortly after by the ringing of the fire, bell, and the sounding of tho fog- horn ' at the railway station, and in a very .short ,tiino tho polico and members of the fire brigade, were on the spot.' A good supply of water was available but the fire had obtained too strong a hold of the building to be extinguished. Efforts were therefore mode with success to restriot the fire' to the building in whioh it had originated. , The houso was the property of August Black and was insured for £150, the furniture for £50, and the kitchen for £50, in all £250, in the New Zealand National Company. The buildingwas unocoupied at the time, and the origin of tho fire is unknown. Mrs Blaca; is at present in gaol awaiting her trial for keeping a house of ill-fame. Accident.— On Thursday morning (says tho Araviac Mail of May 20) a man was-, left at the hospital by somo persons with, travelling cattle in a etate of insensibility. Thoy left no name, \- bo that the surgeon is unablo to fill up' the report. The circumstances so far as we can learn them, aro as follows : — The man was ,,, out with the cattle on Wednesday afternoon. About half past fivo he rode over a calf. His horse foll,#and he was pioked up insensible. He was brought into the hospital about nine o'clock tho next morning, haying beon in a stato of insensi bility all night. Tho surgeon informs us ?that lie( is suffering from concussion of the ? brain, and very likely may not recover. He opened the 'poor fellow's swag but found no letters or papers. There was a gold finger.-ring, however, marked 3. H., and the \- name : James Higgins was engraved on tho man's pannikin. The sun) pi £31 8s, 3d. ? tffftB^pnndonbifljioiBpn, ,, : .v v* '?' ' ?'? '-? ?' / / ???' '?? ?' .'?', The Wool Sales. — Wo aro indebted to Messrs Wilson Bros, and Co. for the following cablegram received from Messra. Saundorson, Murray, and Co., thoir London agents: — ' London, 27th May, tho wool market con tinues firm, especially for scoured sorts.' The Queensland Museum. — The Trus tees of the Museum have issued tho following circular in the hope of exciting a wider and more practical interest in tho institution. Tho Museum is in its present state a credit to the colony, but there is room for oxpansion, and.it ia therefore to bo hoped that tho trus tees, appeal will meet with a ready response —The Trustees of the Queensland Museum presuming upon your willingness to promote tho growth of an Institution tending to the advantage and reputation of tho colony, respectfully beg your co-operation in their endeavours to augment the collections under their charge. All departments of the Museum are in need of continued exertion on tho part of promoters . of natural science to render them efficient. Tho richness of the country in objects of natural history is as rec poony repreauur-eu vy cuo liuwuuiu col lections in their mineral, fossil, animal and aboriginal departments. Tbo trustees there fore appeal to you in the confidence that you will take overy opportunity of securing specimens of all kinds, and forward them to the Museum. The Attempt on the Queen's Life.— His Holiness tho Pope (says the Home correspon dent of the Sydney Morning Herald) recently gave another proof of being on tho side of law and order, irrespective of creed, by authorising the Tc Dawn services in tho Churoh of Sant Andrea della Fratte, in thanksgiving for our Sovereign Queen Victoria's, escape from assassination. Tho ohurch wa3 filled with English people — Pro- testants as well as Catholics. All the foreign ambassadors to tho Pope was present. An enormous quantity of wax lights blazed on and around tlia high altar. The Te Dexmi was Bung after tho sermon, and then the Sacramental benediction was given. Whoa the congregation had risen from their knees the organ pealed out with ' God Save the Queen,' and, for the very first time, the National Anthem of England was heard in a Roman Church. This event, which took plaoe on Sunday afternoon, the 10th March, was much talked of hero, and considered of great importance. A Whole Family Burnt. -News was brought in this morning (2nd May) of the dreadful death by burning of an entire family named Smith, at Wharema ferry, near Masterton. Smith hud been a f ? ryman there for many years. No one kne of the fire until persons goiiis; to the ferry -J (covered the ruins of the building and the' podies of Smith and his wife in it. The bouy of one child was found on the hillside, where dogs had carried it. John Holt reports that on the morning of tho 1st May, at tho Wharema ferry, he found the ferryhouse burned to the ground. Just inside where tho front door had been were Mro. SSmif.Vo vomninn. nnii ?wVijii*. lift tnnlt t.n be these of George Smith, the ferryman, just behind her, with a blanket. On searching for the children ho found one of the boys' bodies much burned on the hillside, where it had been dragged by Smith's dog. He thinks one of the other children was wrapped in a blanket alongside Smith. There were no signs of the other child. The children's ages were about twelve, ten, and three. The ruins were still smouldering when he left. Holt thinks that the fire took place previous to Saturday night. Mrs Smith had appa rently been dressed at the time. The front door was locked. , The building was con structed of raupo, and was nearly twenty years old. There are no neighbors within eight miles.— Olago Daily Times. Will Tjihrk be a General War? — There is a general feeling of unrest (says the iS- F. News Letter) pervading the world. This fooling, ami many instances of it may be quoted from history, is always the pre cursor of war. Russia is in the throes of transition. There are signs of a revolution id Turkey — a rival claimant is asserting his rights to the Ottomon throne. Austria is striving to extend her boundaries. Germany is torn with dissensions — the Government though essentially weak as to all internal concerns, is asserting the personal rule of the Emperor and practically disregarding the protests and the voice of Parliament. Italy is irritated, and ready to join issue with France in the affairs of tho Mediterra nean, the aggressions of Franco in Tunis having given great offence to the Italians, and which, when the time comes, they will surely resent: Franco is only waiting for an opportunity to avenge herself on Germany, and rescue her conquered provinces, Alsace and Lorraine. England is wrestling with the Irish problem, which, for tho last two hundred years, has always pre sented its worst phases immediately pre ceding great European wars. A hundred years ago, previous to this country gaining its independence, great concessions were made by the English Government to Ireland. Previous to the Urimean war and tho Indian mutiny a greater agitation than tho present one was curried on in Ireland against the' payment of tithe's. 'The outrages, tho murders, and tho agitation then,' says Mr. Bright in a recont speech, ' far exceeded anything that has occurred during tho last twelve months.' Simultaneously with tho great war between Franco and Germany, and immediately preceding the war . between Russia and Turkey, the agitation about dis establishing tho Episcopal . Church occurred. When in all Europe the embers of discontent were smouldering, in Ireland they burst out into flame. As to this country, the temper of tho people could bo plainly perceived when Mr Blnine threw down tho gauntlot to the whole of Europo on the Panama Canal question. Judging from tho tone of tho press of this country the people were ready to baok up the Government in any assertions it might make with the reference to the Monroe Doctrine, however wild and extreme they might be. This country has had four great wars in ninety years, and the time had about arrived when another may be ex pected. Corporai. Punibhment. — His Honor the Ohief Justice on Monday made a few per tinent remarks on a subject which must soon engage tho attention of the Legislature. In passing sentence upon the misguided man Elliott, who was found guilty of wounding his father-in-law with intent to do him grevious bodily harm, the learned judge said : IUU 1IUVU UUUU 1UUUU £Ui*uj w. b« vv.w^.^.j and most determined outrage with a deadly weapon upon tho person of an unarmed man. If tho law allowed me I should have sub jeoted you to a much sharper punishment than that you will have to undergo. I have made up my mind, as fav as I have power under the law,- to crush out, if possible, these outrages upon the persons of unoffend ing oitizenB, and I hope tho day is not far distant when the Legislature will arm the judges with a general power to administer personal correction by means of the whip, or rather to order it to be administered in all cases where outrages are committed upon the persons of harmless innocent people by tho ruffians of tho colony. I know that you wore onoe a rospeotable man, and I am sorry as a man can bo to see you whero you are, but I can make no dif. feronce between you and any other man found guilty of the same sort of offence. I am not at liberty to give you a short term of imprisonment with the sharper punishment whioh I should administer if I had the power. As it is you must Buffer a long term of ponal servitude. The sentence of the court is that you be kept to ponal servitude for a pwtoa ot »ff«H yows,' ? A Queensland Pressman.— It will be gratifying to many of the readers of the News to learn that Mr. C. A. Feilberg, whoso connection with the Queensland press has been so long and favorably known by tho publio, and whose literary ability is of a superior oharaoter, has accepted a position un the staff of the Melbourne Argus as sub editor. We ore certain that Mr. Fielberg's talent will in a short time place him in the front rank of. those engaged on tho press of Victoria, and we offer our sincere congrai u lations to the gentleman in question. — Wide Say News. The Hit or Miss Gold Mining and Crushing Company. — This proporty is se cured by lease, area nine acres, and is situated on Gladstone Creek. There is, in conjunction with this mine, a orushing plant, oonsiBtisting of sixteen head of stampers, and worked by a 16-h p. engine This mine is exceptional in this latter as k is tho ouly one which has its own crnshiun plant, &c.; for treating the stone as soon aa it is brought to the surfaoe, if 1 except the St Patrick Block claim. The advantages of its having its own crushing machinery, &c;, will be obvious when it is borne in miud that between carting and crushing, it costs 15s per ton for every ton raised and brought t» the mill. Tho claim is situated on the nor thern (I mean the present workings) anil the plant on the southern side of the creek. The managing direotor (Mr Tully) informs mo that in the working of this lease he intends, with a view to a considerable- saving as regards future, management, to put in an underlie sha,'. from the surface, within 40ft of the battorie--, so that tho quartz from the mine will bo de livered by tho top or brace-man on to thr platform or batteries without incurring any extra expense. This arrangement will bring about a saving to tho company of 7s 6il a ton, as they will bo in a position to have their quartz put through tho mill at 7s 6d per ton, the average cost on the field being, carting included, 15s per ton. Besides the crushing plant, there are three wheeler pans and four berdans. In fact, everything re quired for the most efficient working of the mine is now on the ground — namely, stores, firewood, and entire gear in full working order. There is a second 8-horse power engine in connection with shaft, with winding gear, and 6in. draw, lift. pump. The mine has been worked to a depth of 85ft., and it it is calculated from present discoveries, and its close proximity to the Old Identity, of which it is a continu ation, that, with the increased labor and other appliances the present proposed com pany will bo in a position to devote to it, the mine will continue to give large yields for some years. The progress of this mine has been much retarded by the fact of it being let on tribute and never more than eight or nine men employed. Notwithstand ing this slow process, the yields since 1879 have reached 3718oz., equal to £12,611 ; and it may here be stated that what has always been considered the richest portion of the lease remains yet to be worked. As a test proof of the genuineness of this mine, it is well known that working miners have always been ready to pay from 25 to 30 per cent, to the owner out. of the proceeds, besidos having to pay 14s extra, for crushing and carting. The tributors on this claim averaged £7 per week a man, and are now prepared to give a larger percentage. The owner, seeing an opportunity of placing his property on a more extended and satis factory basis, declines to trade in this way. The gold raised in thiB claim averages in value from £3 6s to £3 10s lOd per oz. This may be considered an item, as the average price per ounce for gold from the other mines has not reached more than from £3 4s to £3 5s. On looking over the proprietor's ac counts, to which he allowed me access, it was really astounding what an amount of money he has been paying away in wages and other necessary expenses. His must be n mine indeed to keep him on the surface at all. His outlay, as per bank book, must average £300 a fortnight. I have dwelt considerably on this property, as I have it from most reliable authority that it is one of the best specs on the field, — Correspondent of the Courier. Extraordinary Sceneneab BiRiriROHAM. — During a recent controveray at Walsall re lating to spiritualism it transpired that a Mrs. Beddows, Birchhills, who has, it is said, been connected more or less intimately with the local meetings of spirtualists, and has been regarded as a medium, had given out that she was possessed of seven spirits, and that her familiars, or one of them, had revealed to her that shs was to die on the 19th February at 8 o'olock, whilst she was Bitting at an American organ in hor house, and that her pet dog would die an hour later, and her cat an hour later still. This story, with some few variations, obtained wide currency, and the interest in the ridiculous aspect of tho affair was heightened by the knowledge that the infatuated woman was ; making the last disposition of her effects, and giving directions for her j 'laying out' and burial, when ac cording to ono account, her attendants were to hear her singing as she wnfl oarricd to the grave. On Sunday night, whon tho realisation of the prediction was to havo taken place, an immense crowd, numbering, probably, 5,000 people at one time — assembled in tbo neighborhood of the house of her husband, Mr Solomon Beddows, cabinet- maker, among them being many who had known tho woman as formerly a regular attendant at the Mount Zion Primitive Methodist Chapel, and others who, from, sympathy with the teachings of the spiritua lists or general crodulousness looked for the verification of the prediction at the appointed hour. Five minutes before the time, it is said, Mrs Beddows seated herself at the organ and began the music which was to he her dirge, and at eight she threw herself back and went through somo spasmodic movements which ended, as she declared, in the Angel of Death being beaten off inglor iously ; it may bo added, that ho had not even the life of tho dog or the cat as his spoil. This shook hor faith iu tho revela tions from spirit-land, and she declared that she would believe no more in them. Mean while the orowd waited outside, discussing : in no measured terms tho mischievous teachings which were held to have disturbed her mental balance and tho mental balance of others iu the town, and it was not till near midnight that the street resumed its wonted quiet. A posse of police was on duty under Superintendent Hamilton, aud at ono time there seemed a, promise of some disorder, but this was promptly subdued. Singular Coincidences in the Beign of Victoria. — It may interest some of our readers (writes the South Australian Inde pendent) that in the year 1882 there will occur several singular coincidences in the life of Queen Victoria. According to the Jews the year 1882 will be the nineteenth year of tho 297th cycle of 19 years. Her Majesty was born in tho year '19, or, moro properly speaking, 1819. These figures added together thus, 1 + 8 + 1 + 9=19, she asotmdod the throne shortly after entering upon hor 19th year in 1837. These added together thus, 1 + 8 + 3 + 7 = 19, and this year's figures, (1882) added togethor give tho same result — thus, 1 + 8 + 8+2=19. From her marriage with Prince Albert she had issue nine sons and daughters, and in 1882 she will havo roignod Queen of England 45 years— 4 + 5 = 9. This year she will be 63 years of age — 6 + 3=9. In the year 1882 Quoon Victoria will have lived 21 years a virgin, 21 years a wife, and 21 yours a widow— 2+1+2 + 1 + 2 \+ 1 = 9. Are these merely coincidences. The Berlin press has prediotod the down fall of tho Gladstone Government daring the present uenfiioD, , ,s v/. ;-v .;?'?? 