HOW THE OUT' SHOULD BE RIDDEN. < ( The Melbourne Argus. J " You will observe," said a past grand- master in jockeyship, who had some spare minutes on his hand, before the engrossing event took place, " you wjll_ob3erve_that the Cup course is like "one of those musicaL signs, as loop with an failed' The JLtailL leads ¿ûiVji.to.the-ûupstarL- You have a straight, gallop of half-a-mile to the stand. Then you round, the corner to the left, and gallop nearly three-quarters of a mile straight. There is return by the abattoirs, and a curve leads you right round to the straight for the ran in Well, I usually know six weeks or so before what is to be my mount for the Cup. A jockey, in practice, has besides a tolerable all-round knowledge of the horses that are running. With' such a stake as the Cup, the owner, if he intends to win, takes care that I am well acquainted with my horse, over the tan or cinder. "I can't say that the winning of a big affair like the Melbourne Cup affords particular scope for artistic horsemanship. The grand jockeyship in the Cup race has too often been among the losers. One of the best and most successful bits of showy riding was by Cutta, when he rode Archer the second time to victory, in 1862. He waited a0 them ' lag last, and then picked off his bones beautifully one by one, flinging them behind him. The day of such tactics is past, even with an Archer. The St. Albans stable-has-generally shown a peculiar style of riding, the inspiration of the genius and experience of Mr. J. Wilson. He trained his two sons, who were formidable light weights, 0110 after the other. As the second grew out of the (ist. register, he was replaced by St. Albans, who has proved himself pretty well up to the mark of the Wilson blood. If you have watched these three riders, you will perceive that they have all been great 011 the finish the rush on the post-' the St. Albans' rush ' is the word. This involves a careful nursing of your house until the critical moments. In old times in England, that is to say over sixty years ago, Sam Chifley's nish was proverbial. In the next generation And crofts nish was invariably " looked for. This is the feature, too, in Archer's riding, and every jockey has his own recipe. .-" In Wales we have a clever, if not a great artist. His brightest performances were on Grand Flaneur, with whose name he is identified, in the glorious season of 1880, when the great Sydney horse was invincible, and beat our Progress every time they met without taking any trouble over it. Grand Flaneur Cup race was momentous. Hales knew that the envious eyes of his brethren were specially directed to him. He got away a little wide, so as to avoid a squeeze. Then he manipulated the field as nicely as possible. His management of the race was something like that of Cutts on Archer, referred to above, but Hales took a more forward place among the crowd. He knew the quality of the magnificent animal palpitating under him. Hales speaks of these as the happiest moments of his life. He knew that his horse was the purest steel, and despised the field. At the same time there was the golden opportunity of a clear stage, against which the chances had been so great. Hale.-, felt he was winning as he liked all the way up past the lawn. He could come and go on the horse. What a pity there was nothing better than Progress an admirable racer notwithstanding-to draw out this Eclipse of our day. He sailed in with a full sheet, the worthiest of Cup winners. Another horse which lives in the fond memories of jockeys £3 The Barb. His heart was as big as a pumpkin. When called upon he would shake his head, as much as to say, "I tell you I'm doing my best.' An equally game look had Navigator last Saturday when he came out for the Derby canter, and I felt I had put my money on the right horse when I saw him lifting up his head to get a sight for himself of the course and the crowd beyond the rails and across the flat. Some horses come out to do what they're bidden, and others to work out their own salvation. A great horse knows when he's got a big race on hand long before the Hag drops. " I recollect once Merino's saddle turning right round as he was finishing at Flemington, but he came in first with the saddle dangling, while the jockey rode on the bare ridge of the horse's backbone. This was a fair win. A jockey is liable to be fined for losing his cap, but will not be disqualified if he weighs in all right. Archer, Fordham, and other crack jockeys at home have created a fashion of occasionally riding youngsters without whip or spur in the belief that those incentives are but seldom absolutely required. " Did you notice the quiet, easy-going look round sales took on Navigator last Saturday near the finish ? He had his was just as fully about him as when he took the trial gallop, and the race was nothing more. Many a Hurried jockey has been beaten on the post through just glancing over his shoulder. They say that in the race for the Caulfield Cup the jockey on Verdure was looking back over the wrong shoulder when Little Jack stole up between him and the rails, where he ought to have kept a closed . . road. Such a movement by Day on Nimble 'foal would have made Lapdog first in 1876 for the Cup, and such a look again, would infallibly have caused Pigott on Chester to he beaten by Savanaka, whose race it would have been in two-yards more. These were both Wilson rushes, like that on Romula, which failed to overhaul Pearl, in 1871. " Hales stands at the head of the flat racing jockeys, as Corrigan leads the jumpers, but, intrinsically I look on Corrigan as the best horseman in the country. I find his name only in 0110 Melbourne Cup list, and not placed. He has every requisite splendid dash as well as judgment. In fact he is the Scobeloff or General Sheridan of the cross-country saddle. _ Doubtless he would be, far and away the premier of the flat if he could come to the scale lighter. Yeomans is a most reliable man. I should like to see the winning brackets brought out as in England. Cracknell is the one for milking the pace a ' cracker,' to borrow the sporting jargon, and yet scoring wins. His performance on Darriwell, winning the Cup, was almost superb. Pigott is a thoroughly good jockey, too. He can always be entrusted with a first-class horse. " Among our retired jockeys on the Victorian side, Morrison deserves special praise, not only for horsemanship, but also for his example. He was, and is, a beautiful rider, the beau ideal for handling a young blue blooded Gasworks or Charon. His temper never failed I recollect him putting spirits again into Glencoe, and restoring him to the ranks of the winners, when other jockeys said the horse had walked away to nothing. On the New South Wales side, Joseph Kean and Stanley ought not to be overlooked in your gallery. None more brilliant than Kean at his best, or more clogged than Stanley. I remember two jockeys fighting in a race at Randwick, J was going to give you their names, but refrain, as I happen to see that one of the names appears in this Melbourne Cup race. Ves, the two rocks flogged, not their horses, but each other. Of course they were had up before the stewards, and smartly dealt with. This puts, me in mind of a case in the hunting j ' liquid, in Leicestershire, where two hunts- I and most flogged at each other with their long life whips, over a distance of three miles, taking in the jumps almost together, "and resuming I Tin Hh£{fuu between fearless, There must have been a lady in that case. j X I 'I vvi?id3ut'.'\vfiàt you want to know is how we ride'Cup Mees. "Well, the" day comes. We saddle up, and weigh out. We are not hasty in getting through the gates, because -there-is-an-idea that the first-horse- entries unlucky. Many jockeys have a regular fancy for coming out late. Now, I -give my horse his" preliminary ""canter" or gallop. . There are . some horses you must get away for a gallop before the start, or they are pretty sure to be left on the post. Others will bound right off at any moment, a great advantage. Some good ones are sure to be stiff, and must have their joints oiled by a downright rattle for a quarter of , a mile. My instructions are either (1) to wait on them and come towards the finish ; (2Ho make the running on my own account; (3) to make the running for another horse ;. (4) to block. something. -With a really first class horse the instructions will be to wait and come. One of inferior stamp, with dash of foot, and a weight that is a great deal too light-say a Nimblefoot, a Haricot, at Darriwell, or a Zulu-must usually be forced to the front, and kept there. Then there is the horse on which I am only put to wind and tire out favourites. This animal shoots a marvellous bolt, and makes good ones run away, so that they get pumped and flustered, and cannot come at the right moment, when our second string, whatever it an the ''horse meant,' slips up. " It is no use blinking the fact that some horses, started altogether on the off chance, are" very useful at jamming the favourite upon the rails, and keeping in front of something. You have got the inside on a scrubber, and are deaf to all the cries of the man behind, with a horse full of running, to let him come up. The new fence round the course is a help to these tactics, and a fearfully dangerous thing besides. You see the Cup field is such a mob that it obscures a good deal of scientific riding. There is a ruck jumbled together like the worms in a pot when you go fishing.- The ruck will hug the rails, but if you gallop wide you have ever so much further to go. Just figure out the course on a sheet of paper, and calculate. " We draw for places before going to the start. One has to get off well, and yet in hand. We must shave as near as we can to being fined. As I pass the stand I have some idea whether it is my horse's day out. No one can afford to be the last along that oblique stretch. Your horse may die away at the abattoirs, and you will not really ride him another yard. ? Suppose you feel him pulling double there, then he has a splendid chance. You let him comfortably pass one after another, and rounding the turn he is among the first half-dozen, who have shaken off the field. Now you call ride freely, as if there was, no score of horses behind. " For the finish, you must sit down on your saddle. If flogging a man has to be careful not to strike another horse on the nose, which may throw him out of his stride, and bring in a fold. The arm is revolved, and you skim your horse's flank. It is a nice point to decide whether you shall run it out or not. A bad second or third will ruin your horse in future handicaps, and ensure you a blowing up for not easing him off. Owners don't care much for places. A jockey who keeps his head cool knows when he is flogging a dead horse. If you feel the go in him, why, let him run it out if there is a ghost of a chance. Still, take for your maxim, First or nowhere.' " 