OCCASIONAL TRAVEL NOTES IN AUSTRALASIA. IiY ARCHIBALD FORBES. III. The authorities are divided to-day as to the locale of Solomon's land of Ophir; but, depend on it, tlie speculators and the investors of the period knew its whereabouts well enough. ' Lost is that camp ! ' as Bret Hartc writes in his beautiful requiem on Dickens* but the same and fame of its auriferous wealth will be proverbial until the latest generations. Who has not heard of the ' Great Bonanza' mine that has made the quartette who originally owned it among the wealthiest men in the world ? . And who has not heard of that wonderfully productive milch cow, the great ' Burr a Burnt '* copper mine of South Australia ? It was one of the household words of my boyhood, for we had a I mliA avi nn.' Itiiil clinlrAn nlaan nf Vtia AiinfinTI. I llyUI VYUV 1UL uau ouuwu viou u*. um uuuvivu) and put a trifle into this faraway antipodean invest ment. lie astonished the country with a new gig, and explained wilh a Burleigh-like nod, that the new gig came out of a hole in the ground somewhere in Australia. We boys used to have fabulous conceptions concerning that 'wonderful hole, for it yielded new bonnets and silk dresses for wife and daughters, then a carriage in place of the gig, and by-and-bye, a suburban ' fell ' on which upro39 a substantial mansion. Greenhouses came out of it, and port wine, and tips to youngsters home for the holidays,- for our friend who had made successful love to the fairy of the Burra Burra was a generous-hearted man, and was free with the wealth that had come to him so lightly. I had not heard of the Burra Burra for some years, when one evening, some 15 years ago, I happened to hear Mr. Robert Lowe (now Lord Sher brooke) casually remark that he had never got so much out of eo little as he had done out of the Burra Burra , mine. It may be questioned, when one thinks of the I marvellous enhancement in value of Sydney town lands bought by his lordship in the early sleepy days and held resolutely until now, whether he would make the same remark to-day. Alas for the precariousness of human enterprises ! The Burra Burra yields no more gigs and new bonnets. It ' ehut down ' five years ago, and the triumphant shout of the Burra shareholder no longer rouses the echoes. But its glories are not forgotten in the land which it was wont to enrich. The stranger, as he ap proaches it by rail, finds no lack of fellow- travellers glad to gossip over the grand old times. ' See that track on tho'grass, sir? That was the road the bullock drays took that carted the Burra ore down to Port Adelaide.' ' Why, the distance is 100 miles! Gould such cartage pay ?' ' Pay ! Burra copper would have paid in those days if it had been carted 500 instead of 100 milesl It was all profit, sir. The company didn't know what to do with its earnings, they camc so fast and so Bure. In six years 80,000 tens of ore went f down that track in the bullock-drays. The roads were I alive with the traffic. Why, eir, when tbo C3lonv I was at its last gasp in the bad times of {I '12, it was the Burra Burra that saved it from I abandonment.' ' I go and look at it,' said one man to [I me ' every lime I pass that way — the feeling is some Ill thing like visiting the grave of one's mother.' Not If exactly prepared to contemplate it from this sentimental M point of view, I nevertheless would not let slip the I opportunity of* visiting the grand old mine. I The Burra Burra made not one, but several town K ehipe, which grew with its prosperity, and still exist, E eloquent monuments thereof. There are, I think, ? seven townships in all, on the slopes of short grass and K in the valleys that surround the hill whose bowels used ? to nurture them. Each has a distinctive name, but all I are dumped under the common name of ' the Burra.' K Curiously, although the mine has been dead — or perhaps I one would rather say in a Btate of suspended anima R tion — for five years, the townships are prospering, or at I least do not exhibit tokens of suffering. Mostly when R a mino ' gives out,' the population that it gathered Met abandons the vicinity without much delay. All over Iff the Western States of America you will chance on a Iff chaos of broken bottles and battered sardine tins, hard Ifi by a rusting engine and a debris o£ massive iron H castings. No human life is near the place, but if you I j|| look at the map you will learn that to this forlorn site |H belongs some high-sounding name, such as 'Empire |M City ' or ' El Dorado.' El Dorado ' fizzled out,' and IK the miners, such of them as survived the frequent H| ' difficulties ' of the days when the place was ' boom H| ing,' and when whisky and shooting danced a wild iff fandango together, have gone elsewhere. But the B villages tbat the wealth of the Burra Burra begot still H| remain. They are very quiet. One thinks as one IS looks at them of Barbarossa and his knights asleep l|i vrith their heads on the big table, throngh which their l|| beards have grown, and of the King ever and anon ll| lifting his head and asking ' Is it yet time I ' The W eilonce of the Burra Burra machinery is the answer, ffl and the head goes down on the table again, but jjg there is no abandonment of hope. The rise in the price HI of copper that has begun and seems likely to grow, may K; iaise every Burra head from the table with a glad Bp energy. Meanwhile the people wait. Some of them are old employees, . who had saved money in the good H| times, and have-not cared to flit, but live on here on a ?K moderate competence. The working miners keep their ? wives and families in the cottages, while they are earn K ing the livelihood by working on stations or as navvies H and road-makers. And the townships are the centre of H a good agricultural district, so that they maintain some Ik prosperity. The price of land is actually on the iu ?ft crease ; and thus it happens that the Burra Burra still Hg pays an occasional dividend, not as a mining, but as a ?I land- owning concern. B| I followed the footpath up the hill from the town ship of Kooringa. Winding round a huge mound of 'waste, I came into full view of the forlorn scene. It was strangely saddening. In the murmur of .the wind through the tressle work there seemed -an undernot© of wailing remonstrance, at the inactivity. No wreck was apparent, everything stood as if abandoned in some sudden panic, and as if ready to awaken into activity when the panic-etrickcn should regain heart and come Lack again. There stood the trollies on the tramways, some full of ore, others half full, others empty, as if the gang at work bad decamped at a sudden signal, without waiting to finith their shift. In the coal yard stood a mighty pile of coal, unused when the knell had sounded. Around me were engines, shafts, tramways, water resrvoire, sorting floors, quarry holes. Over against me, as I stood on the grass-grown tip, was the row of neat cottages wherein were wont to live the captains of the icinc — the 'grass captains,' the 'drive captains,' the 'face captains,' &c.;, and so on. At my feet was a huge pool of green water, filling a hole whence the ore had been simply quarried, as building stone is quarried, no mining being needed. Works that bad cost £25,000 were within sight, and all Bilent, useless, and curiously pathetic ! Was there no life at all about the place save the Bbeep that were nibbling the scanty grass growing about the edges of the cuttings ? Finally I discerned a lone man, who seemed very shy, for he harboured under cover of walla and behind buildings. Him I moved on with stern per tinacity, not truculently, indeed, for I respected the feel ing that made him secretive of himself, but overmastered ' by my hunger to know. He was so difficult to approach that I begin to think I had seen the ghost of some once happy shareholder haunting the dry fountain of the dividends that bad once poured on him in a golden shower ; but at length I ran against him. He was the laBt rose of the great Burra Burra summer. He was the bookkeeper and accountant of the concern, left in charge ' to exercise a general supervision ' now that there were no books to keep or accounts to be worked out. All his blooming companions in the shape of overseers, and captains, and other functionaries, had faded and i gone; he alone remained. Still before his eyes danced the copper will-o'-the-wisp. The scene around him that saddened me, only stimulated him. I con doled with him. He repudiated my sympathy, and was prouder of the departed glories than sorrowful because they had gone. ' Yes,' said he, ' we had to close down, but look what Bhe did before that happened. She gave us four millions sterling worth of copper, and she paid away nearly £800,000 in dividends. If you had held one of the original £5 shares she'd have yielded you a return of more than £320. Oh, yes, I am sorry for her, but I am prouder of her than sorry for her!'' And what do you think he was doing ? I suppose when Marius sat among the ruins of Carthage, he twiddled his thumbs ; anyhow we don't read of his making any effort toward reconstruction. But this Marius of the Burra was purposely at work. To be sure it was in a small way ; when one looked up at the old colossal's doings it seemed indeed a pitiful small way ; but it was something. His love, the mine, was in a mesmeric trance. He did not know the grand secret whereby the spell might be shattered, but he would do his honest loyal best by tickling her toes. He was standing by the mouth of a little shaft in the bottom of which two men were work ing. He nourished the hope that so he would strike Bcme vein that would pay for working. The face of his love was very Eombre ; he could not see his way to change the melancholy into sunshine ; but he was striving to kindle the flicker of a smile in a corner of her mouth. Ho led me reverently into the counting house, and showed me, with I think a little quiver of the lip, the desk at which wages to the amount of moo a week hud been paid away ; he hurried me past the great safe, whose doors were standing wide open, there being nothing to conserve ; and on the wall of an inner room with aw9 in his accents, he showed me the great chart of the underground workings. ?? There are 25 miles of galleries and drives '' said he, in the tone poor Miss Kur6ory Governess ueo when she tells you her father was once Lord Mayor of London. Then - he fchowed me on the plan the various shafts, each earned after a prominent proprietor, the ' Mor peth ' shaft, the' Hicks' shaft, the 'Ayres' shaft, as if these worthies need no other monuments. And finally, he escorted mo to the great engine, which used to keep the mine dry, a beautiful piece of work unquestionably, of which he was very proud. ' If you only saw her working ! ' he said, with a sigh. But 'she ' had not been working for five years, worse luck. He was taking care of her, though, in this forced inaction, as if she had been the apple of his eye. He had painted, and gummed, and creased, and rosined her, so that her joints should not get rusty. He had put bandages on her legs, so to speak, and heaped on the body clothing, and put a hood on her head, so that she take no harm when standing still, and be ready to run again when the time should come. As we parted he murmured some soito voce aspiration as to ' British capital,' a subject which I did not pursue. I want to see no British capital in the redevelopment of the Burra Burra, if that should ever occur. There is plenty of money for such -a purpose among the local experts ; if they see their way they are not the men to hold back. If they can't see their way, of this I am sure, that the road will be a great deal darker for the British capi talist. I should be loth to see the colonies get a bad same at home, as sink-holes for British capital. For long it was a saying in South Australia that there was ' only one Burra in the colony.' But this saying is dead and buried long ago — Binee the Wallaroo, in 1862, and a year or two later the Moonta, began their wonderful careers, which they etill maintain, although they are not quite so wonderful just at preeent as they liave been. Until lately the Wallaroo waB a private concern, and I have not learned the sum of its yield and earnings. It was not & suc cess from the first ; it cost, indeed, £80,000 of expen diture before it began to pay, and there was a crisiB in its early fortunes when a feather in the scale might have cut off the supplies that fed its development. But it speedily turned the corner, and vast profits have come out of it. As for the Moonta, it paid from the first. The trivial capital that bought the land and machinery was replaced out of the first earnings, and remains intact ; and the mine in its life of some 20 years has \- paid close on a million sterling in dividends. The late Mr. Delane, the editor of the Times, was a shareholder in the Wallaroo in its best days. Both the Moonta and Wallaroo stand more favourably than does the Burra in regard to facilities for transport. They are within a few miles of water carriage, and are connected with Port Wallaroo by tramways. At Wallaroo, close to the sea, there are smelling works on a large scale. A fleet of sailing colliers carry coals for these workB round from Newcastle, and carry back ore to other smelting works there under the same ownership. The Yerulam. one of these colliers, which I went on board of at Wallaroo, was not long ago the favourite ' liner ' of South Australia, between Adelaide and London. Laok of cheap transport, and the lowness in price of copper, retard .the dpvelppment.of very rich copper mines which have been proven to exist in remoter regions of South Australia. If copper keeps rising, 'the Blinjnac ' will be a word the sound of which may reach your distance ere long. Assuming that a man had the wings of a dove and could fly away, it would be interesting to know on what spot of this continent he could alight without being immediately confronted with ' the land question.' , These were the three words a gentleman of your own ] capital muttered as he was preparing me for the honour of being introduced to Sir John Bobertson; they fill the air in Victoria more than does the Mel bourne dust when a strong wind is blowing ; and the South Australian Legislature has been hammering away at a Land Bill all through its present session. New South Wales, as well as Victoria, has been graced by the presence of Mr. John 'White, of Quorn, who poses as a delegate from the farmers of South Aus tralia; and a few sentences on the condition of the latter — as that condition appears to me after careful, and assuredly unprejudiced, examination — may not be wholly devoid of interest. Agriculturally, South Aus tralia iB divided into distinct sections by what is known as ' Goyder's line.' This line was traced by an able and painstaking Government official. On one side of it is the regiou where the rainfall and other conditions ere such as to afford some reasonable certainty that the farmer who puts seed wheat into the ground will reap a fair wheat crop ; the territory on the other side of the line has so precarious a rainfall that the man who tills it plays at pitch-and-toss with fortune for a crop. I think that on the good 6ide of ' Goyder's line ' the South Australian farmer is fairly prosperous. He has a good deal to learn, it is true. He is too monotonous with his everlasting wheat, is sot fully alive to the advantages of manures, ard lacks tho versatility of the Belgian or the American in discerning the advantages of diversified cultivation. Perhaps he would not hurt if he ploughed a little deeper and thought more of odd corners, aud gave some additional attention to the grading up of his stock. But he gets along well enough, and, taking oue year with the other, is probably before the times. Until quite recent times all the northern areas — all the country on the wrong side of ' Goyder's line' — was held by the squattera. There was a keen demand for land on the part of farmers and intending farmers — a demand that Government saw no reason why it should not gratify. As fast as land could be surveyed it was eagerly taken up. Given only tho reasonable assurance that crops would grow, this development seemed a good thing all round. It was good for the colony as a colony. It was good for the Government, whose duty was the furtherance of the colony, and who could sell the land and use the proceeds for the public behoof. These pro ceeds it in the meantime anticipated by borrowing money for the construction of railroads stretching out into the new regions, so as to give the newcomers facilities of communication and the means of sending their produce to market. It was, always on the assump tion I have noted, good for the farmer who honestly and enterprisingly wanted to better himself, and thought he 6aw his way in the newly-opening regions. Everybody meant well, and deserved that well should come of enterprise, which, if successful, would advan tage the colony and strengthen the ranks of that fine stujedy farmer-yeomanry who are so prominent and pleasant a feature of South Australian population. The holdings were each to be 640 acres. The upset price was to be £1 an acre, the sale to be by auction^ which gave scope for competition. . On the fall of the hammer 10 per cent, to be paid down, which, however, was not to go toward payment of purchase money, but to form interest thereon for three years. At the end of three years another 10 per ccnfc, to form interest for three years longer, leaving to be paid the whole pur chase money at tne end of six years. In other words, the tenant was to pay a rental of 3£ per cent, of the fee simple value, and save besides as much as would enable him at the end of the sixth year to pay off the whole of that fee- simple price. I venture to regard this as a dangerous experiment on weak human nature. Six years seems a long time, and saving is often really cruelly hard. The American and Canadian plan is simpler. There the purchaser pays a percentage on taking possession, and subsequent instalments as quickly as he pleases ; but every cent, goes to cut down the purchaee money until it shall have finally disap peared. The South Australian legislature have now recognised the expediency of adopting this principle, and the farmer in future will pay 5 per cent per annum, which will be interest or rent under another name, but will form a deduction from the fee-simple value that looms before him. This is something of a relief. The farmers looked at tho country, sent in their offers, or came to the auction rooms. The lust of land is a strange engrossing weakness, and has made fools of more men in the world's history than perhaps any other paEsion except the love of women. Competition con ducted under the auspices of whisky and land-greed is apt to become reckless ; the day of payment was a long way down the vista, and the honest fellows 'bade out ' sturdily, What if they had bought a few shillings too dear? * One year's yield, if God gave a good season, would put all straight. I fancy there was not too much capital among the farmers. One plan would have been properly to take up and till a small section of the purchased holding for the first year. But if the area tilled were small, and it should prove a good year, how 6mall would be the results ! How grand would they be if a great area were under tillage ! So they scratched 10 acres where they should have ploughed one, and waited for the results that would put them in front of the world. But there were no results to &peak; of. The condition of a great part of the new region in regard to wheat-growing is this, that the exception is not a cropless year, but a cropful year. Well, there had been expenditure for seed wheat that had not been recouped, there had been the expenses of cultivating, of the compulsory fencing, of living, and of doing some thing in the way of building. The little capital waned. But still there was hope. Next year might be kinder.' But next year was crueller. Things have gone on, with occasional little breaks in the cloud in the Bhape of something that, by a stretch of language, might be called a harvest, till, in the poorer regions, there is something like a virtual general bankruptcy, if bankruptcy means that people don't pay because they can't. Government don't get their second instalment j of interest with that punctuality that might be hoped i for. When they get the purchase-money, or an instal ment of it, it is too often because, with the Minister's consent, the farmer has had recourse to the money lender, and so gone a plunge deeper into the mire. The merchants are between the alternatives of either losing thc-ir custom or submitting to book debts, which must make their deep restless. One large storekeeper told ine that he has £13,000 on his books, which he regards as money sunk in the acquisition and main^^nnq — . partly a precarious maintenance— of bis present bu*i* j cess. But the sum grows so ominously ' fcltet it i threatens 4© crowd him out of his working capital. I 'Pay after the harvest ' isthe formula of the cos I tcmc-r. He is an honest fellow, and pays if there be | any harvest ; but there is never more Harvest than suffices I to pay off the floating debt, so to speak, of the past j season — never enough to liquidate any of what- may be called the funded indebtedness that has gone into the I ledgers, and when there is no harvest, which is oftener | the case than sot, the floating- debt goes to swell the funded debt, and a new floating credit is opened, to take the chance once more of 'after the harvest.' This cannot last. It is natural that earnest wellin tentioned men should be loath to own- that the game-is one at which nobody can win in the .long-run. . So men hold their tongues, and grin and bear, in the hope of a turn. This year, for instance, is. rekindling - hope — and in the hope, too, that by discreet silence there may come the chance of ' getting out ' without a ornel sacrifice. Others follow Mr. John White's lead, and try to force the hand of the Government- by theats -of * decamping bag and baggage. I wish to Heaven John . White were right — that there are a thousand or mora South Australian farmers worth from £ 500 to£lO0O, whom he expects to follow him out of their present hard case. They would not follow him, depend' on it/ if they had the means he swaggers of, because for the mc&t; put, if they had they, would have made it where they are ; and, if this were so, they, would be well con- ' tent to sit still astride of so rich a gntter. But there are few such modest competences, I fear,, among the farmers who have taken up land in the new country. Of a great many of them, I fear, it is but too true that they .would fain go, but for the quagmired debt in which they are laired. Of course there are iarge oases in this agricultural quasi-desert. There* are rich ' pockets ' among the bad stuff. About Quorn, for instance, where Mr, White resides when he stays at home, instead of straggling blatantly into the- adjacont colonies, and prating swaggering nonsense, there is a great wealth of fine, rich, deep land} that-con stand up against a drought which means simple ruin to poorer regions. But the truth is tbat the poorer regions are taken up equally with the richer portion. . Thire ia coustiy staggering under a present rental of 3£ per cent, of the purchase money, with that purchase money to the tune of from 80s. to £2 10s. an acre looming. in the future, which weuld not be worth having as agricul tural holding, were it given for nothing, and .the bribe ^ K of free rations in perpetuity to iuducethe tiller -to take to it. The collapse may be -postponed, such a .year as the present will postpone but cannot avert it,- and what form will the collapse take ? Will the Government after long suffering finally sequestrate unpaid -for laad^ in the hope of reselling it, or will they let the farmer alone to make the beet of it without dunning him any more for what he obviously will be. unable to pay? In either event, I think it inevitable that a large ^propor tion of the land recently takeu up -for agricultural, purposes will go out of cultivation, and revert to that calm philosopher, the squatter. 'He may buy thein out of hand from the Government trying to resell thenuat the standard price of £1- an aero after a series of for feitures. He will do this if he is a hasty impulsive man anxious to round off his run- neatly, tod' get rid of selection: for the future. But- if he can bide his time I think the land, will ' come back to him on' tho old leasehold^ tenure, at a rental which he can afford to pay. Beforaifc shall have come to this, one grieves to ponder on. how many ardent aspirations 6hall have been brought to nought ; how much honest, loyal, manly endeavour thwarted by untoward conditions; how much hard-earnedt money sunk in the endeavour to squeeze bload oat of a. stone ! ' Wool v. wheat 'is the cause celebre, asltakeifc^ of a good many Australian tribunals. The prosecution, of this law suit is singularly keen in. Victoria, where, one finds large estates under sheep-fed grass, whose acres would command a high prioo, for ^gricultaiaL purposes. There are some notable instances in which, in South Australia, king wool holds his own. with dogged sturdiness against king wheat. An. estate y illustrating this with great force I visited the other day. Bungarce iB close on 100,000 acres in size,; it is freehold every foot of it, having been bought in ths. opening of the land selling era by its present owner, at about 258 an acre all round. It is a most beautiful and stately property, lying in the very heart of the best agricultural region of the 'areas.' It comprises ono broad valley and several minor ones.. Such a property would make its owner a personage- in the old country ; Australia being untroubled by snobbery, the owner of Bungaree is an unos tentatious gentleman, who, when circumstances permit, is to be found in his placc in Parliament attending to the interests of bis constituents* If I were he, I own I Bhould leave constituents to their own devises, and be a country gentleman all the year round. The mansion house lies in the midst of well kept gardens, from which the ' home park ' slopes up in green folds studded with clumps of ornamental trees. There used to be a racecourse on Bungaree; there are etill train ing stables, hunting stables, and greyhound kennels. The Bungaree hares are famed for their stoutness. So complete is the place in all respects that it has even its own church, wherein' service is performed weekly by a clergyman from Clare, subsidised by the owner of the estate. Tho holding is divided into paddocks which are all well watered, and good roads afford access on wheels everywhere. To-day, this expanse of grass* land, lying here in the midst of a region over which the plough has sway, is salable lor agricultural purposes, at an average price of £6 per acre. My mouth watered, I own; when I learnt this. Whatau increment in these few years from £125,000 to £600,000! What a glorious return on the former investment would be the latter result. 'Of course you are thinking of realizing ? ' waa my question. 'Why Bhould I realize?' was the calm response. 'Can you tell where - I am to invest £600,000 at 7 per cent, -where tbioves may not break through and Bteal ? Can you ' * - -couneel me to shoulder the responsibility of &5paadec instead of the sweet simplicity of the sheogrf&rmer;'s life ? What is the drawing of a dividend, it be cent, per cent., compared with tbs. pleasure :of knowing that the Bungaree rams the highest loBg-woolled average at the tat MelbaoBiteales?' The argument was ironclad all round. Bungaree w;as a better investment than would b% the yield from its selling price. It was a pleaspj^er possession than a big ready-money capital. 'You cannot feed long woolled rams on banknote^ nor would a flock of stud ewes thrive depastured JB sovereigns ! Vacuus eantatt an impartial man, '(jho cannot aspire to be either^ a capitalist or a freehold squatter, I give my vote in favour of the letter's life, especially whes W09l i? kigk end water plentiful, 