LOTTIE VAUGHAN'S TRIAL, [BY MRS. LEITH ADAHS.1 CHAPTER VL Autumn is upon us in earnest at last. Leaves fall and drift in the crisp, dull wind that makes them shiver on their stems, and then twirls them round and tears them from the parent branch. The great beech on the lawn at Morncliffe is a perfect Niobe—its dead children lie about its feet; its bare brown branches seem tossing in a wordless agony. The soft moan of the sea is changed to a swift rush and roar, diversified now and then by a mighty " thud," as some breaker heavier than its fellows rears its green sides and crested head, and flings itself, in impotent rage, against the rocks that bar its progress. With what a swirl of baffled passion it rushes back into the ocean whence it came; how the little pebbles cry as they are torn from their bed and dragged seawards, like mandrakes uprooted from the earth. One night I lie awake listening to these weird sounds, and fancying the boom of guns borne upon the sough of the wind that buffets my window as might ghostly palms of ghostly hands, intangible and terrible— lancy shrill cries of drowning men mingling with the blast—sleep to find these thoughts of horror pursuing me in shadow land, for I dream that I am wading through deep water, whose oily surface looks smooth and fair enough, but whose treacherous undercurrent drags and tears at me to pull me down to gniesome depths I can but guess at. Even in the misty world of dreams I cling to the thought of Dick as the one who, loving best, can save me best. I try to call upon his same; but the death-cold water must have turned my tongue to stone, for utterance find I none. A darkness creeps upon the face of the waters—overshadows me, blinds me; I stagger, the current pulls me down, the dreadful waters part, then close above my head. I wake bathed in cold sweat, my hair is dank, as though that awful dream had been reality. The wind is moaning up from over the sea, the rain beats upon my window pane; and so I lie waking, wide-eyed, till dawn. " What a white, weary face to greet a fellow with," says Dick, as I join the party at the breakfast table. The sight of his " wayward love" looking like a young ghost makes Dick oblivious, or unmin<lful of, I know not which, her ladyship's calm, observant eyes—twin stars that shine above that substantial cloud, the teaurn. He holds both my hands in his, draws me to the fireside, and"tenderly chafes my poor, numb fingers. "Why, child," he says, "what have you been doing to yourself ? Has Hubert's family banshee been wailing outside your window all night, and scared you half out of your dear bttle wits ?" At this Sir Hubert rises in frantic haste from his place at the breakfast-table, drops his table-napkin, stands on Castor, and stumbles over Pollux (who both howl), seizes the poker, begins to stir the fire wildly, and then, suddenly meeting the scathing glance of his liege lady, falls to whistling a tune through his teeth to cover his confusion, and retreat, for in a minute more he is back in his place, trying to whistle and eat crumpet at the same time, a feat never by mortal yet achieved. " When this fuss subsides," says her ladyship, in clear ringing tones, and keeping an eye on the miserable countenance of her spouse, " this really unwarrantable and I am compelled to say ill-bred amount of fuss over Charlotte's indisposition—" " I am not ill at all," I blurt out, drawing my hands from Dick's, and making my way to the table ; " the wind was high last night, and it rained. I did not sleep well, and— that's alL" "It would have saved some trouble and disturbance" (with a withering glance at Sir Hubert, who promptly buried his face in a raised pie) " if you haa told my brother the exact state of the case at first. I am sorry you had a disturbed night, but one cannot control the elements. Shall I give you coffee • or tea?" Somehow I felt that between us the " elements" and myself had behaved in a highly reprehensible manner; it was, therefore, a relief to look through the tall, narrow windows at the end of the dark oak-pannelled room, and see that the wind and the rain were penitent and reformed, no matter what I might be. Here and there a straggling watery sunbeam began to touch the tips of the waves with broken lights. The gulls had flown close in shore during the gale, and still lingered near the land, their wings showing snowy white against the deep olive greens and purple greys in which the whole landscape was " put in." Her ladyship's glance, following mine, noted the improvement in nature's aspect approvingly. " We shall have a line day after all," she observed, carefully adjusting her pince-nez so as to take in each detail of struggling sunbeam and tiny glimpses of far-off blue sky ; " and, doubtless, a pleasant evening for our long drive to the Anstruthers." " Does that delectable entertainment conic off to-night ?" put in Dick, with the slightest possible shrug of his broad shoulders. " By Jove!" ejaculated Sir Hubert, and then gave an appealing look round the table, as much aa to say he hoped no one heard him. Vain and evanescent hope ! Fond, fond delusion ! "Hubert," said his wife, severely, " I must ask you to remember that there are ladies present." It was very evident that the monarch who reigned upon Olympus must not be named to ears polite. Perhaps he neither possessed " sterling qualities" nor yet led a well balanced and well-regulated life. I dare not have looked Dick's way for any earthly bribe. The whole situation was so ludicrous that, combined with the unstrung state of nerves consequent upon that dream, at once so terribly real and so vivid, 1 feit, for the first time in my life, ready to be hysterical. I was convinced that Sir Hubert had certain blood-curdling memories of pas entertainments at the Anstruthers—whoever those worthy people might be—also that Dick was more than inclined meanly to incite the (nominal) master of the house to join in a sort of general rebellion, and stay at home. " Lady Anstruther is one of my most valued and esteemed friends. She is a person—" began Lady Colquhoun. " My dear Harriet," broke in my lover, somewhat to my dismay, " I have heard the catalogue of that worthy woman's many virtues and surpassing excellencies ad nauseam—I mean until I know them off by heart," he added, hurriedly, as if afraid of having been indiscreetly frank. There could be no doubt that I detected the slightest trace of a grin on Sir Hubert's face at this, but he whistled it away in the twinkling of an eye, and was even hypocrite enough to shake his head reflectively, as though lost in the vast contemplation of Lady Anstruther's perfections. " To my mind," says Dick, passing and re- passing his strong, shapely hand over the golden moustache that l feel convinced hides a lurking snrile, there are few things more detestable than a long drive in a close carriage, with ' a little music' at the end of it," " Perhaps there will be—not a little, but a great deal of music at Lady Anstruther's tonight," says our hostess; and, yes, there is a twitch at the corner of her mouth—a something that, in a gentler-minded woman, would be a quiver. Has the family banshee been visiting my lady, too? Is that cast-iron machinery, her nervous system, thrown into some strange disorder ? Surely ; for as Dick goes on to hint pretty plainly at a well-developed inclination to remain at home instead of running the chance of having to hearken to music much or music little—as he gives utterance to the utterly unconventional and slightly incorrect suggestion that I should keep _ him company in his seclusion —his sister's cheek pales noticeably, and I see her hr.nd tremble as it rests upon the edge of the table. " Have I wronged this woman?" I think, wondcriugly. Is her coldness of de:r.er.r,oar after all but the ice that covers the volcano ; Does she really, truly, fondly love this your.g brother of hers, to whom, in past days, she has been ' a soit of little mother' Granted ; but even then, in the present instance, the cau-=e seems hardly adequate to the c iiLct produced. Dick's going, or not going, to this party at L&dy; Anstruther's can hardly be so vital a thing except to me. For, of course, I look u]ion that skeichily-given aud totally unfeasible suggestion of his as to lny remaining behind, too, as the meandering of an idiot, or a man idiotically in love, which a..no Lints to the same thing. So weak, however, is human nature, that I find myself, three minutes after these sase and prudent thoughts have crossed my mind, looking with sneaking fondness at a ceitain low chair in Lady Colquhoun'^ moraing-ioom, bearing a certain distant family resemblance to the one given to wobble, but mightily comfortable when once it lias settled down iu the dear old home up north. Of course all the Morncliife chairs are faultless as to stability, and this one only bears j such likeness to its Oak Hill congeuer as might the proud wearer of a ducal coronet to some poor and mouldy relative he would pass in the street without a nod of recognition. Still, its muchly-quilted cushions are soft; itB shallow wide-spread embrace is a cosy thing to find oneself in. Dick would be awfully comfortable lounging there by the bright pine-wood fire; so should I, squatted on the rug made of skins of beasts, on which it stands; so would my hand lying snug in a firm, loving grasp; so would my head laid back against my lover's breast. As to my lips, they would smile merrily enough, be sure, as my tongue chattered of all things under Heaven—of the " old house at home"—of Baby Maud's last message which, chronicled by her own pudgy little hand, was nothing but a huge blot—of Cufiy's request for nine live sea urchins in a bottle of sea-water—of Nellie, very proud of being the family scribe for the time being, sending her " dear, dear love," and every time she tells Kaspar that " Sissy is coming home soon," Kaspar wags his tail, and " Whenlis the tune you are coming home, Sissy dear?" These and other kindred topics would be very delightful to enter upon in a room filled with mingled firelight ana shadows. But there is an old saying concerning what we would do with the moon if that placid luminary were made of cream cheese; and, at the present time, my moon is assuredly not edible, for it is promptly settled that Dick is to go to Lady Anstruther's. Indeed, he seems suddenly possessed by a wild longing to disport himself at this entertainment of hers; a state of mind that I feel fully convinced owes itsorigin to that unwonted agitation displayed by Lady Colquhoun when his going or not going was under discussion. It is strange, too, that all through the length of that day I notice a restlessness, a pallor, about my hostess that incline me to think she must nave had uncanny visions .in the night that is past as well as her guest. More than once, too, I find her watching me gravely, observantly, almost pityingly. Perhaps, I think at last, that ghastly dream has left its mark upon me more plainly than I think for. I go and question my mirror, and that unflattering friend gives me for answer the sight of a pale, small face, white and wan, eyes heavy and tired-looking, lips that have more of the white than the red rose about them. Yes, that is it; I have counted Dick's sister a harder-hearted woman than she is. A thaw that once sets in generally goes on till all the ice is melted and the snow gone. Presently —very soon, perhaps—I shall grow to like, to love, Lady Colquhoun, and she to love me. I even begin to blame myself for those barren weeks that have been passed at Morncliffe, " within sound of the sea." ( To be continued.) 