\- ; THE RE-CAPTURE OF DELHI. ..- ! ColtNmLL MAGAZINE. " I went to Delhi in the month of Novomber 1857, on a visit to a military friend who was then quartered there. It will be remembered that we had re-captured the rebellious city, after a Btege of several months, in the month of Sep tember. As we had attacked the city from .0110 aide only, most of the inhabitants had fled from it beforo we took it. They had got out as .we oame iu. . For a great fear was upou them. We had- then expelled nlmost all that remained be hind on military grounds. We had- to occupy the whole city, and garrison it with a very small force. The city had been declared- confiseaied also. It was most strange to ride through the now silent streets and deserted' squares of the (great city. You seemed to be ' going over s modern Pompeii. There did uot come bver. you the /strange ghastly feeling of , '.unreality that steals . over you in Pompeii. You were not carried into a strange new world of sight and thought and feeling. You wore not weighed upon by bye-'gono sges, oppressed by- Time. Time, like space, is a most oppressive thought to the human mind. And any of the great monu ments of the past, such ss Pompeii, -which mark off some portion of its boundlessness carry with them some of its weight and mystery! But 'it was the contrary of those things with the similar silentness and desolation that weighed upon you. Here was all the reality of recent life ; of yester day, of to-day. But still, somehow, there .was here the feeling of a bye gone age. The city could not have been alive yesterday, that was so silent now. It seemed somehow a thing of -tbo past. ' The tide of war had not flowed through this retired street. There had been ' richer quarters to ransack. Everything stood hero ss . it had been left. Here stood the houses, with their furniture, poor, but all the people had ; here wero the shopB with their little stock of goods still on the counter. But there was no __ uman being in the houses, or in the shops, or in; the street. There was no going in and ;out, no standing up and sitting down ; no Bound of voices'! Dead silence reigced over all. If it is impressive. in Pompeii to see in the streets the marks of; the .wheels that rolled a thfiixsand years ago, to.find the loaves that wore bakod but not eaten' theih, it "was "also impressive here 'to' find the cookingpot on the' fireplace ; -the bread in the dish ; the bed laid out to Bleep on the cart that bad been left standing at the door. If in Pompeii' It -'fa! resurrection, here it was sudden death. If in Pompoii you look on a ghost, here you Jooked on a: dead body from which / the warmth pf life had hardly fled. Strangest of all was it to pass'through the Ohitndnee Chouk, the '(.Moonlight" or Silver Square,", the central market/place; and.find.it, too, void and' 'silent-.' Fpr it'Kad been Bp. full of life atid soun'd and movement but a short time 'before as' it ' is ' again to-day. For the Ohandnee Chouk was and1 is the Regent Street and Pall Mall combined, of Delhi.-- And Delhi, was , the great .imperial: city of the East. ..-.Mora than Granaidoj more than;.Oordoya, even more than Constantinople. Delhi lias been; the great city of .the Mahomedanconquest. To the followers of :-the .'-Prophet the fondest and proudest memories hung about it. It 'was/ the capital of 'the' greatest ompire overwhiolithe crescent had shone and held away,. It marked" their proudest, conquest,'.!. But a few months be fore the Chandhee.Ohouk at mid-day had; been. one of the most bright, gay, glittering, bustling, piotoresque -places -: that '.you' could 'sos. The whole plaoe Bhone and sparkled. In tho dresses of the people were to-be seen all tho colours of the rainbow, oB bright as you seo. them in the eky. ' TwBn'ty'different 'kihds of robe7 "and 'head dress. w.ent by you in7a"few. "minutes. For here came together, pepplo frbm all parte/ not : only! of India, but of, Asia. Tho shops on' either side were filled "with .glistening goods!) .. The- two driving; roads.on either side of - the -broad street- were thronged with vehicles. Here went by the English: made, barouche with: its pair of horses and the canopied " Ruth," looking like a-pagbda on wheels; 'drawn by a tsll and- lordly p ' 0£ bullocks. Here wont by the' elephata with gaudy housings, whisking their trunks 1 andiook- ing about :. them? with ttheir; little ' Thev looked like little mountains , wliiort; j,„d' wallcnd away with the castles on tlteir and:even;.thp. women, i fTOm ineighbouring'-Raj- pootana went by ou thfttt tngh-bred camell Tlio young dandies of the.pla rode about on their capering, ourve1 ttijig horses,- with coloured legs bbu tail and pjited mane. ; The control walk, with its avenue of. trees and the canal down its middle, was .thronged .with people. on fppt.! ! The place was full of .the, voices .ofthe people and the cries of . the, itinerant .vendors. Melons,- sweet melons )"—(? Here.- are roses . and. sweeti jessa mine Oakea fresh and liol I"—" Sugar-cane and watertnute " .Whey/ sweet- whey,!" '-Tho beggars "were calling " Take thought of the poor. "VBoinbor the needy."— " Feed, the ' hungry in Allah's name.'" .. And everywhere was the tinkling of, the little brass cups of the water- carriers,! and /their musical - cry " of "/Water '-for the thirsty, water I" For no -voioa is so harsh that it'could make the ' word for water other th'an musical qnd sweet sounding.- Most sirange was it/Ahed; "to" ride through this street and find it quito'sileht'; -empty, and doBerfed'; ; witfibo souu(d in it but the echoes, far roaohing through thAyoid, of tlie horse's' hoofs. \" Bavarian journals express themselves- greatly disgusted at the sentence' of aprivato in the army to throe days' imprisonment because he applied the epithet of " you villainous besst" to , the bulky horse of one of the officers. The charge, against him was " unbecoming behaviour towards' an officer's horse." 7.-7V.V- . ' A newspaper agent, being told by. an old lady that it was 110 use to subsoribo for tbo papers- now, as Mother Shiptou said tho world was coming to an end. this year, said, : " But won't you have to read an asb count of tbo wholo affair as soon as it is oves ?' " That I will," ausworod the old lady ;; aud. 'she V subscribed. A playbill dropped from tho gallory of the Yolks thoatrc,- Copenhagen, took fire from a gas jpb as i fell, and alighting on a lady's bonnet, bumed it, as well as nearly all hor hair, beforo the Humeri could be extinguished. A Chicago child was killed by a railroad engine, and the father, byway of retaliation,, placed timber on the track to wreck an express tcaiu. There is a practical good naturcd common., aouso about lbia man that is truly charmiug. It is statod that over four "hundred new houses wero built on Emerald Hill. last, yoar, anil at tbo rato they aro building now it is estimated that I theroAwill be double the. number this year. Mr oamuel Alexander, a. Victorian, has obtained J a fellowship at Lincol.n College, Oxford. Ho was n I pupil at Wesley Collegp and at the Melbourno I University before ontoring on his English course. I At a young ladies' semiuary, recently, during an J- examination in history, ono of tho pupils was j interrogated thus :: — " Mary, did -Martin Luther dio ! a natural death,?:" "No," was the reply, "hcj'- W83 exfiommnnipatecl a bull." || 