OUR PARIS LETTER. from our own correspondent. i Paris, IStli November. ' It is an established fact that tlie Republic has entered oh an era of deficient revenue receipts. Perhaps the evils existed since some tune, only credits wero kept up by successive public loans, and so the equilibrium o£ budgets was maintained. Anyone, said Cavonr, can govern- with a state of siege ; anyone can nioet ex penses so long as there is no limit to borrow ing. Tho French budgets are so many mysteries, and might conlinno so till M. Leon Say has had the courage to publish the truth, about tbc finances of France, and sound a note of alarm that tho Republic's purso was on the' road to ruin. As to the competency of tho- ex-Ministcr, there can he no question, and his high social position and fortuno guarantee tho rest. The cause of tho precarious situation is due to saddling the budget with charges of a new character every year without taking corresponding caro that the resources of tlio country could meet the strain. The total of the budget is three milliards. To meet this annual expense cheeseparing has to be largely resorted to, or else an addition made to that extraordinary resource the floating debt, which is already bending under its weight of two milliards. The rovenue returns have ceased to be prolific, and the current year will indi cate an unpleasant falling off. No change ior the better can take placo while tho public charges remain so colossal, and works are pro jected which, : originally estimated at three, have exceeded nine milliards, thus exacting COO millions of francs per annum to carry on. These works — deepening harbors, constructing railways, fee. — aro not in every case wanted, so cannot prove productive. Besides, the State has undertaken to execute and work tlie pro jects, instead of leaving the whole matter to private enterprise. The sudden and serious illness of M. Grtvy has also fallen liko a thunderbolt upon tho political world. His years ought to proparo one for a natural change at any moment. The journals published an odd kind of an explana tion, attributing tbo indisposition -to indiges tion brought on by partaking too heartily of dinner at an unseasonable hour. Very eminent doctors hod to bo called iu, and it is roported they recommend absolute rest for M. Grcvy, as Bymptons oi mental decay have set in. This puts tho quidnuncs to discuss Ids successor, and that task recalls not a little. The fact is, political parties ore in such a state of disintegration that it is impossiblo to name oven likely persons. General Chanzyis trotted out, but lie is an Orleanist ; and M. Buison, tho president of tho Chamber, lias not tho roquisito representative qualities. Something liko a miracle would- he necessary to unite the Itepublican parties on tho Gam- betta ticket, and as the two chambers would, when united, be invested with tho power to voto the President, it ia unknown'what lobby intrigues might briDg about. The Republic is not so robust as it was ; its friends havo shaken it too much. But beforo it committed felo-de-se a torrihlo civil war would arise. In such a conjuncture the common enemy would be the now dynamite party which lias come into cxistonco, and whose aim, openly proclaimed, is to extinguish the middle classes. These mon, calling themselves Anarchists, consist of tho scum of tho working classes, and constitute a power not to ho dcBpiscd in tho largo cities. Thoy want to become ricli with out labor, without exorcising tho qualities which can make them equal to those they envy. Tho new Ministry has so far existed, and that is no small accomplishment. It calls a spade a spade, and ' reminds the legislature that it has not many more iault3 to commit ; that It is full timo to dovoto attention to re forms that can be realised rather than to themes and logic far away from tlie realm of fact. It is not very clear wlioro tho negotiations are respecting Egypt between Franco and England. France is certainly speaking -up more plainly that she will nojj allow herself to be shuffled out of tho dual control right unless proportionately compensated. It will not suit tho welfare of Egypt to havo Iter destinies directed by nino European powers. Such will certainly encourage tho ambition of futuro Arabis. Neither can England allow any other foreign nation but herself to dominate in tho land. With that supremacy sho can securo the Canal. For the subject of territorial aggrandise ment tho French appear to have a mania. The new Boy of Tunis is, of courso, so far their puppet that lie does not even condescend to reply to iho Sultan's letters ; no evidence lias yet been revealed that Tunisia is a whit better to-day than when tho iatluc for Kroumirs was organised. The Legislature has been invited to ratify M. Do Brazza's treaty wttli King Milcoko, and so give France tho command of the Congo. Many think— Fortu- gal especially — that France is going too hastily ahead with this matter, that European nations' require to know something more about this obony majesty who claims the right to hand over the Congo to a French naval officer in ex- chnugn for hind words. England will hurdle cons- nit to bo barred out of tlio most favored | nation clause at least. Then there is Mnda- gasc.-.r. Tho French in a roundabout way do- sire tho whole island : thoy sadly waut some such outlet for their criminal population. England has commercial and treaty rights with Madagascar that must he respected. Perhaps firmness displayed in arranging these matters will compel Franco to bo rational in her protonsions to Egypt, that sho : de clined to uphold when they were imperilled. .Laudable an< unceasing efforts continue to ho mado to advance education in. all its de grees. The only objection to bo made is that tho holffty of secularism is; boing riddoii some what furiously, aud so comes into collision with the scruples and prejudices that oii"ht to bo respected, Tlio eido blows delivered at tho Church and State separation question are puerile. Cutting down tho extras- of a few -bishops, and applying a microscope to peer into tho endowments of parochial clergy, is not the basis on which to raiso the issue. Tlioro is no improvement to record in political writing. Nearly all tho journals deal . in diatribes, and give full reins to their imagi- nation. Tito excellent Bishop 'of Amiens Monseigncur Guibert, has condemned in very severe' terms the want of preparation and experience on the part of writers for the press many of whom aro .still schoolboys. Tlio bishop lias also sent a few 'broadsides' of his good sen3C into tho Royalist and Ultramon tane camps, where cnmit.y to tho cloco to tho present constitution is held to bo a sacred duty. Mgr. Guibert innocently maintains that tho church oan live in amity even with Republics. The strikes continue. The 'upholstery trades' have failed toamicahly arrange their differences so the employers will proceed with their federated lock-out, which will bring . groat misery in its train. This is intended as a W- pasle to the conduct of thoworkmeu.who upon tho slightest pretext put an employer into Coventry — that is, into the Index — and1 so de stroy him. Typhus fever and unnaturally had (wet) weather are permanent endemics"; tho former may frighten the authorities into action for providing tho city with an adequato supply of water, and remedying tho imperfect house and street drainage. Until the reservoirs attached to tho liou3C3 for tho collection and preservation of water closet matters be abol ished fevers cannot bo driven out of Paris ; wo nurse most carefully tlio germs of tlio ma ladies that decimate us. Duels continue to bo more flourishing than over. There is a serious augmentation in prostitution ; robberies arc rampant, and committed under tlio noses of tho police and in the most populous thorough fares, since the thieves can break through and steal with impunity. The horrible weather, and the threats of the dynamiteuri to make short work of tlio middle classes on reckoning day, now at hand, keep away a good many desirable clients. Business is very bad ; com merce indulges in deep siglis, and the declining exports point to somo screws loose. CitizenB aro becoming their own bankers, and no loan or speculation has the ghost of n chance of success. Amusements aro not so passionately relished j tho beer shops do a large businos3. This is an interest entirely Vaterland. Bay ing up pawn tickets and realising tho pledges offer, it is asserted, higher profits than tap rooms, boardinghouse3, somnambulist predic tions, aud the baits of the authorised lot teries. 