SPORTING NOTES. By "Newmarket." The Geelong Baring Club were fortunate in having fine weather for their winter meeting, which passed off successfully, on Saturday last. The Distance Handicap Trot was utterly devoid of interest, as foe winder. Prince, who had 900. yards start, increased his distance at every stride, and won very easily by half foe distance from Neptune, both bring local horses. Glen- ! orvan, on whom foe odds of 6 to 4 were laid, placed another win to his credit by landing foe Hurdle Bace, Eros, who made most of foe running, obtaining second place, with Songster third. A fair field of ten horses faced foe starter for foe Winter Handicap, which was won by a diminutive oandidate from foe St. Albans stable appro . priately named Little Jack. As there is no stable in foe eoloiiy that foe public has faiore confidence in than that presided over by Mr. James Wilson, a rush was made by foe public to " get on" immediately it was known that Little Jack was foe choBen representative, and the little fellow went oat a hot favourite . at foe short price of .5 to 4 taken. His victory, of course, was a popular one, for no man on the turf runs hiB horses fairer than does Mr. William Branch, who owns foe winner, and he received foe congratulations of ; a host of friends on his colt's victory. Little 1 . Jack is by King Cole out of Charade, and was f purchased by Mr. Branch af Mr. Finiays sale I for £45. Though of small stature, foe colt 1 has many good points, and, I have no doubt, j will be heard of again in light handicaps. He ' is entered for the Melbourne Cup, and weighted at fist Hb. Saturday's win was his maiden nnfl Larpent, who finished second, ran a good horse, I fancy row tttt were ottt f ot An airing. The withdrawal of Sarefield from the Steeplechase caused some dissatisfaction, as he was fta&T; backed in doubles with foe winner bf the Hurdle Bace, and was thought to havea good chance of winning. Colling- wood ran a good 'horse throughout, and won comfortably at the finish from Fire King, who was far from bring himself. The Ballarat horse Spring, who disappointed his backers at Flemington in foe Maiden Steeplechase, again met with a misfortune, coming down heavily at foe first fence, and bringing Skipper down with him. The Selling Flat Race, through foe medium of Sripio, who won somewhat easily from Doctor, enriched the club to foe extent of £125, and the Baiiway Stakes proved disastrous to backers, as Dougalston, who was supported at odds on him, suffered defeat from the outsider Borderman, who went to the front early in foe race, and was never headed. This bronght a pleasant meeting to a close, and preparations were made for a return to town, Which was reached in good time. On Monday last, foe weights for foe forth coming Y.A.X.C. Grand National Meeting were published. Handy Andy holds foe pride of place In foe Hurdle Bace with foe steadier of 12st 71b, but it is hardly probable that, with that wright, he will be amongst foe list of acceptors; nor does Dburringile, at 2ib j leas, look favourably treated. Glenorvan is SO £7 find, nnd hnn imnrnvori En ntnih in Xfrn-. rison's hands, that it is hardly possible to say what he might not be capable of ; still, with, list 71b, I think he has all he is entitled to, remembering that there are some speedy ones below him and that, on those occasions when he won, he left nothing particularly good behind him ; albeit he won very easily. I pass over Bed Bover and Eros, nor am I enamoured of the chances of P.G-., with list, as 1 think that Bhesus gave him quite a IGib beating in foe Y.B.C. Grand National ! Hurdle Bace. Bhesus is a horse who has | always held the reputation of being a fair performer over two miles, though his ability to get three miles -until his recent meeting at Flemington was always questioned, there fore, if he retains his Y.B.C. form on Satur day week, he should be one of the hardest i uuitta tu uta i> in tae race. a nave, too, a | derided liking for Sportsman at 10st 101b, or | 51b more than he carried in the Maiden j I Hurdle Bace at Flemington, when he ran j j such a desperate race with Don Quixote, to j 1 whom he was conceding 12ib. Knowing the J great turn df speed the son of Don Giovanni | possesses, and the fact that he had a lot the J best of the condition, Sportsman's performance j was a wonderfully good one, and should the I Ballarat people make foe slightest- movement j in his favour, he will immediately become J 1 first favourite. Monitor, judged through J Glenorvan, isnot harshly treated, though, with j 21b less than Sportsman, he should not be j dangerous ; nor can Petrel, at lOst 61b, have ( any show with foe Ballarat horse. Lady j Hampden is a mare that is more likely to J achieve distinction over a two miles race j than she is over a longer distance, and, j with lOst 41b, should render -a good account j of herself. The same remark applies to Annie Laurie, who, with lOst 31b in the j saddle, is bound to be handy at the j finish. Of the others. Nannleon sr»rJ 1 Songster seem best, but I doubt if I either are class enough to win. With I Coliingwood8 Geelong victory fresh in his memory, Mr. Barnard conld hardly have commenced foe Caolfield Grand National Steeplechase with less than 12st 81b, and even with that weight; so constant a per- ! former is the sou of Morru Dancer is | bound to he troublesome, especially if any of the others should make a mistake. The Ballarat horse Left Bower, with list 1210, appears to have ail he is entitled to, and so ; do Abdallah and Euchre. Chrysalis, con- j sidering that foe has never scored a win, J has more than foe is entitled to. Goomete, at the same weight, is asked to give j Spring 2ib, wherefore I know not, as it was not the difference of weight that caused the Gaul- field horse to win foe Maiden Steeplechase, for had Spring gone straight on that occa sion, he must have won. The Adelaide horse Stag is better treated with lOst 91b, but I undoubtedly the best handicapped horse in j foe race is Sarsfieid, who is literally thrown | in at lOst 21b. At a difference of 2et 31b. at 1 Bendigo, he simply walked away from Col- j ling wood, who was unable to approach him at any portion' of the race. Now I he meets Colling wood on 31b better j terms, therefore I think it is only a matter J of try with him to win, though, perhaps,. he will Ka nnf.li/?rutpri of fho lc af mnmcnf lata f j he was at Geelong last Saturday. Under | those circumstances, perhaps it would be j safer to see him at the post before selecting j him as a probable winner. Of the light weight division, Kanaka, - Marquis, The j Hawk, Yerlo, and Sparkle stand oat most j prominently. Euchre is allotted 13st. 81b. in j the Challenge Cup, bat perhaps Highflyer at 1 12st 121b, Baby list 121b, The Marqnis at I list 121b, and Glowlight at list 71b, I will be found most dangerous. The Handicap, starting, as it does, with Lar- | pent at 13st 51b, will enable some of our heavy-weight amateur horsemen to have a mount, and should produce a good finish between Handy Andy, Flambeau, Bustard, and Calm. The annual general meeting of the Victoria Racing Club was held on Monday afternoon at Menzies' hoteh The chair was occupied by Captain Standish, and there was a large at tendance of members present. The report and balance-sheet were read by the secretary, Mr. H. Byron Moore, and adopted, on the motion of Mr. J. Finlay. The chairman, after com- plimenting the secretary on the efficient manner in which he had discharged his duties, congra tulated the club on its present financial condi tion, which he said was highly satisfactory, and stated that a meeting would be held at an early date to finally consider the adoption of the newly assimilated rules of the club. He also incidentally alluded to the return of the Hon. W. J. Clarke, a much respected mem- ber of the club, whom he felt sure all would be pleased to see and glad to welcome on his return to the colony. The meeting then proceeded to the election of six members of foe committee, in the place of Messrs. T. N. Fitz gerald, A. K. Finlay, W. Leonard, J. O. Inglis, J. Whittingham, and D. S. Wallace, who retired, but were eligible for re-election. The result of the poll was as follows D. S. Wallace, 120 ; W. Leonard, 116 ; J. O. Inglis, 115 ; J. Whittingham, 113 ; T. N. Fitzgerald, 107 : R. Power, 106 ; Hon. W. Pearson, 105 ; J. Fairchild, 94 ; S. Gardiner, 94 ; N. Wilson, 78 ; Dr. J. Bathe, 62 ; A. F. Sullivan, 37 ; T. Henty, 37. The first six gentlemen were declared elected. Considerable discussion en- sued over the action of the V. R. C. Com mittee in licensing bookmakers without first testing the feelings of the club in the matter. Mr. J. A. Webster spoke at great length, and strongly disapproved of the action of the com mittee in imposing a licensing fee upon book makers, maintaining that the so-called reform was unnecessary, as welshing had never been practised to such extent in the saddling pad dock as to warrant such a step. The speaker was frequently interrupted in the course of his speech, and the meeting then became very noisy, there being a strong feeling in favour of the use of the totalisator, and each candidate was challenged by Dr. Bathe as to his being in favour of the use of the machine at Fleming- ton, and also whether he was in favour of giving increased amounts to those horses who ran second and third in a race, both questions, in almost every instance, being answered in foe affirmative. Mr. J. Whitting- ham desired to contradict that he had ever said that the members df the V. R. C. com- mittee were unfit for their position, but he maintained that the committee should have made more inquiries before they approved of several of the names already on the list of registered bookmakers. The meeting then became very noisy, the chairman being at- tacked by Mr. L. L. Smith in rather strong language, and defended warmly by Mr. Moles- worth Greene. The meeting then terminated. At a meeting of foe committeeof the Y.R.C. J held on Tuesday, foe following were elected for I 1 the ensuing year, viz.: — Chairman: Captain j Siandish. Stewards: Messrs. G. B. Fisher, J R. Golfisbrough, M. O'Shanassy, R. Power, 1 D. S. Wallace. Starter : Mr. G. Watson. J Treasurer : Mr. J. G. Walker. J udge : Air. J J. Johnston. Handicapper : Mr. K. T. Bar- I nardL -Secretary: Mr. H. Byron Moore. 1 Works Committee: Messrs. G.Watson, W. J Leonard, M. O'Shanassy, D. S. Wallace. J Finance Committee : Captain Stan dish, j Messrs. A. ,W- Robertson, Robert Power. J The stakes won at the late Geelong Winter j Meeting have been promptly paid over, Mr. j W. Branch, through foe agency of Little j Jack, receiving the largest amount — £110. j Col ling wood' g win in the Steeplechase gave j his owner £104, and Mr. J. Morrison drew J £78 for Glenorvan's victory in the Hardle j Bace. Scipio's win in the Selling Bace was | worth £75, and Mr. M'Donalcf was handed i jwro ior sue oemng ceases, won oy noraer- m&n.; Prince enriched his owner to the extent of £50, which, with the moneys paid to second and third horses, made a total of £545. The mystery surrounding the death of the American crack trotting horse, Primsro, has ' not yet been cleared up. It will be recol lected that about two months ago a report appeared in The Weekly Times giving par ticulars of the singularly sadden death of Primero at Mr. S tret tie's stables in Dadley street, West Melbourne, and of the examina tion of the stomach oE the animal by Mr. j Johnson, the Government analytical chemist, | who reported to Dr. Weir, Primero's owner, the startling fact that he had found traces of J strychnine in the course of his examination, n Dr. Weir communicated with the detective office, and the detectives took the case in hard, but so far without any satisfactory result, and Primero's strange death (bearing in mind Mr. Johnson's assertion) appears j destined to remain on the list of unravelled I I mysteries. j _ At the late Gosforth Park Meeting, Worfc- j ingham, a son of St. Albans, won the j Stewards Cup by half a dozen lengths, beat- I Ing a large field of horses. I Fron Frou, by Preakness, the sire of Fiddler, J who defeated Foxhall, is an American-bred J horse, and won many races in his own country j before he was taken to England. The S.A.J.C. have received very good nominations for their spring meeting at Mor- phetviile on 16th September, there being 16 entries for the Hardies, 27 for the Sapling Stakes, 27 for the Spring Handicap, 16 for the Steeplechase, 30 for the Holdfast Handi cap, and 34 for the S.A.J.C. Derby. From Sydney I learn that Mr. B. Howie's team, comprising Suwarrow, Lothair, Chioris | (a two-year-old sister to Gonnamolla), Kah-i- : noor, and Ericthoneons, have arrived safely from Ballarat, and are quartered at Whiff en's' hotel, Waver ley. Mulatto has also arrived, and is quartered at the same place. The weights for the Sydney Turf Glub Winter Meeting were issued on Monday last. Baron (late Badical) heads the list in the j Hurdle Bace ; Coortenay, with 9st 71b, in the August Handicap ; and Mulatto in the Corinthian Cup, while Gunnamoila has 9st 51b in the Winter Handicap. On Tuesday JLast about a dozen of the lead- I ing metauicians, including Messrs. 4 . and B. I Thomson, Hooper, S. Grimwood, and others, j left for Sydney to attend the Sydney Turf ! I Club and TafctereaiTe meetings. The meeting of the Yictorian Trotting j Club, which was to have been held to-day, !' has been unavoidably postponed, owing to the continued unsettled weather. With his customary regularity, Mr. Cox has issued a neat little bill of fare to be I discussed next Monday week, the 19th inst., at Kensington Park. Messrs. W. C. Yuille and Co. report having Sold tillfl Wfisk thfi Cnn hnrsp Rrifinol vVm goes into Fonlsham's stable, to Mr. A. B. Inglis. The hurdleracer British Lion was disposed of at auction to Mr. J. Cripps, for 81 guineas ; the race-mare Tide, Mr. A. Smith. What looks very much like robbing the dead came to my hearixlg during the week. Few who take an interest in horse racing will not remember poor Paddy Carey, the cross-country rider, who, unfortunately, was killed while riding in a steeplechase in j.aauuu». a uuieoi ins ae&Ea;, oarey was known to have a watch and chain, a portmanteau well filled with clothes and jockey's trappings, all of which mysteriously disappeared on foe day of foe unfortunate accident, and notwithstanding that foe friends and relatives of the poor lad have made every inquiry, they have been nwahl so far, to obtain foe slightest due to foe mis sing property. I publish this in foe hope that the police will take the matter, in hand and endeavour to recover foe property fo foe widowed mother of the poor lad. Only six horses have declared forfeit for the Melbourne Cup, viz., Sir Joseph, Lady Hampden, Kal Kal, Hill Top, Bathnrst, and Dunedin, which still leaves twenty-one horses for oar great spring event — a fact that speaks well for Mr. Barnard's handiwork. An accident that fortunately was not I attended, with -any serious results happened I to aeon of Mr. J. Morrison, the well-known j trainer, while on hiq. way to Geelong. It j appears that young Morrison was in foe I horse-box that contained (Henorvan, And j that when the train neared the WSliamstown j junction the little fellow fell out. Happily, however, Nifoolson, who was also in the box, | gave foe alarm, and foe lad was picked up, j having suffered a severe hruising only. He I was then conveyed home, and, under the care j of Dr. Turner, he is now getting on famously, j The following paid forfeit for foe Metro- j poiitan etakes : — Bathurst, Hecla, Segenhoe 1 Guinea, Master Avenel, Kal Kal, Miss j Whiffier, Silver Arrow, Drummer, Yau close, I Pride, Waterloo, Sir Joseph, Rainbow, Hilltop, I Crowned Head, Joker, Heeper, Kettledrum, Lochinvar, Piracy, leaving still fifty-four horses in the race. Perhaps the most noticeable absentee is The Drummer, who was thought by many to have a good look in. The scratching of Bmlka, Lord Lisg&r;, and Kettledrum for the Hawkesbury Handi cap leaves forty- seven still in foe race. Lord Loftus has been scratched for all his Hawkesbury engagements. Eros has been scratched for the Y.A.T.C. Hurdle Bace, and The Ghost, Wizard, and | Larpent for the Handicap Flat Bace. Mr. Daniel White, the proprietor of foe City coach factory, in Swanston street, has | just completed to the order of his Excellency j the Governor a magnificent four-in-hand j drag, which possesses several novel feataree. J It is so constructed that the two midd seats I can be removed at will, thus providing ample I accommodation for hampers, etc., and leavirfg | the front and back seats available for j members of the party. The driving seat is J placed high, and brought well forward, thereby J giving great power over the horses, and I placing the driver much nearer to the leaders j than is usually the case in drags made in the j colony. This was done at the express desire 1 of his Excellency. The position of the j driver's seat ensures greater protection in foe j event of the horses becoming fractious, as their proximity to the body of foe drag would j prevent them from doing injury by rearing j or kicking. Easy access to the seats is pro- I Viflc/1 nvr moo no rtf o iAnklf IvkMmi Uav I W a awu um-uwuug UVA OtCU. I which drops about 2ft., and closes with the j door. The painting and trimmings are in j keeping with his Excellency's colours, purple, I crimson, and gold. On Monday afternoon j his Excellency, with some friends, inspected J the drag, and they were so thoroughly 1 satisfied with foe production that, unsolicited, I the honour of being appointed carriage- j builder to the vice-regal representative was I conferred upon Mr. White. A representa- I tive of foe King of Siam, who is on a visit J to this colony, has requested Mr. White to I furnish him with a drawing of the drag, and it is probable that an order trill follow for a vehicle of the same description, constructed on a smaller scale, and suitable for ponies. Several of the Yictorian jockeys were to the front at the recent Adelaide B.C. Meet- | ing. Sammy Craekneil steered Bis Bis to I victory in the Fulham Park Plkte, and Martin Bourke, one of the best cross-country riders in Australia, showed what he could do when he had a fair animal nndcr Viim I by winning foe Grand National Hardle Bⅇ j on The Banker. But perhaps foe most j noticeable victory of the lot was that j achieved by Tommy Enderson, a lad who I was thought to have few equals in foe saddle J until he gave way to drink and I when few people cared to have anything to J do with him ; fortunately, some benevolent South Australian stretched- oat his helping j hand, and foe pilot of one of MaribymoDg's j most famous sons (Hamlet) was given j another chance to relieve his character, j How he did eo will be gathered from the j following extract from an Adelaide paper, j which says : — " Too much credit cannot be given to T. Enderson for foe way in which j he rode foe winner : and as this once j popular horseman has had little or no j practice for years, the win mast have .been j most acceptable to him. Quarter of a mile J from home, the horse appeared hopelessly j out of the race, and nine jockeys oat of J ten would have eased off, but Enderson sat down and drove his horse along with hand and heel (there was no whip-flourishing), nnril he caught his light-weighted opponents and won." So tar, foe response made by the owners of horses on behalf of the Murrumbidgee Turf I Club has been highly satisfactory, and if foe spring meeting of 1SS2 is not asaocess.it will not be through any lack of entries. The Wagga Cup has fifty- eight horses engaged, numbering some of our best performers ; foe Grand Handicap, fifty- six; Town Plate, fifty-five ; Steeplechase, fifteen ; and foe Hardle Bace, fifteen. | Those who have backed the HomJ. White's i colt Martini-Henri toe foe Maribyrnong Plate after foe 13th July, will be delighted t to hear that they have not lost their money, as foe New Zealand bred son of ltfnchet and Sylvia was scratched on that date. The nominations of Zbe. Mulatto, and Janitress for foe A.J.C. Spring Meeting arrived too late, and were not accepted. Avery elaborately embossed gold claret jug, presented by Mr. A. S. C him side to the V.A.T. Club, is on view at Messrs. Walsh Brothers', jewellers, Collins street. The jog, : which is colonial-made and is-of the highest finish, is to form foe trophy for the Aus tralian Amateur Challenge Gup, to be run at Caolfield on tne 19th inst. A very handsome silver-gilt cup, presented by Mr.R. Chirnside, 4a 4hA a l/toA ka I _ » w. uuwvi, w iw auuku x- ui xtace, to oe run on foe same date, is on view at Messrs. Brush and Drummond's establishment, Collins street west. Messrs. J.Wilson and W. Branch, conjointly, have purchased an estate of 1,200 acres of land near Queensdiff," where it is their intention to form a training establishment. It is evident that " Yellow-and-BIack" JohnTait intends to retire from, the turf, as he has digposed of Byron Lodge to Mr. Sachs, a wealthy Queenslander. The many friends of Henderson, foe trainer, for whom a subscription-list was started last week, will be pleased to hear tht foe sum of £203 has been eaUeeteiL - Alluding to Sir Thomas Elder's horses, " Trumpeter," of foe Oh$ertery&?£ : — 14 Every thing in the stables is looking foe picture erf health, and if foe tartan jacket is not to foe . fore this eeason l shall be very mud, surprised. Bassanlo has wintered splenaidh- and if anything happens to Segenhoe and Navigator, our crack two- year-old may mak a name for himself at Fiemingson. Guess work ts in great buckle ; but, as might bJ expected, he has not improved in the same ratio as Sassaaio. In all probability he da a good thing in a handicap some da- - but colts that were far behind him li- season may reasonably be expected to reach his form before foe present racing ha well, and old Barnwell gets brighter eve-v tinte I see him The two-year-olds are, taken all roono, foe finest lot that have ever be n seen in the colony. Achilles, the chescS son of Helen, is considered to be the 6er coR jet bred at MorphetiviUe, and v certainly is a grand youngster. Mitchamls another that looks like doing great with time, as neither weight nor disinS should stop him when he matures. A fiilv of extraordinary length and substance is t'e sister to Eurociydoa, and there is cot suspicion of coarseness about her. Her brciher last spring was equal to foe task of b«a:ia2 Guesswork, and this filly should be a di£r Lupella, the daughter of Somuia, is anofaer that must gallop; but she has a temc Speaking of temper, I am g.'ad to say Mr. Dak in finds his present team very jb-tg from the ailments which made Gaessw Fidalma, the ester to Bride of the Hills is a beaatif ally-topped, lengthy fib v. t -£ picture of a galloping machine: but shi very light faeio'w the knee, and will trouble in traiaing. The foalc are ia ing condition for. the time. Several remark ably well-grown ones took my anemicn, ba the king of the party is j= till Black G:o»r"g Fisherman-like pledge to Gang Forward " The jockeys Haies snd EiHmf h:t f0- Sydney on Toes day last. It is pleasing to note that the long exis:iD feud between foe S.A. J.C. and A.R.C. has now been amicably settled. The calendar difficulty has been overcome by a scb- committee from each club being formed to issue a calendar in which both clubs will be mutually interested. All attempts, however, to bring about an amalAmtirm completely, as Mr. Ferry, one of the lessees of the Adelaide coarse, stated most emphafi. cally that the A B.C. would not adopt such & course, contending that ihere was plenty 0 room for both clubs, and that a little healthy rivalry would have a beneficial influence ca horseracing in Booth Australia. Angler, by Angler from Mpuntain Maid, bv Panic, who ran so well forward in the Steeplechase at Wyndham, was soli on VTed. nesday lass, at Kirk's Bazaar, to Mr. M Eae oi Ballarat, for 80 guineas. Flying Jim aho changed hands. Mr. F. R Dakin, finding that The Marquis ,coPosai colt, engaged in the Sapling Stakes at foeY.A.T.C. meeting, was growinp very fast, wisely decided not to hurry the youngster, and has sent him home to his owner (Mr. Joseph Clarke). It is rumoured that Sarsfieid has been sold, and will become a stable companion of ! Collingwood and Gold Top. ! 