Supreme Court-Civil Sittings. (Before Bit, Honor the Chief Justice and a Special Jury.) . THURSDAY, JULY 13th. BIBRA V. DIRECTOR OF PUBLIC WORKS. This was an action to recover £20 damages from the local Government, in consideration of the injuries sustained by the petitioner by rea- son of an accident which happened to his horse and cart when erossing the,bridge at Perth causeway, on the 7th February lost. ' Mr. Burt; with whomMr. Frank Stone, appear- ed for the petitioner, and the Attorney General, instructed by the Crown Solicitor, appeared for the Government. Br. Burt, in opening the petitioner's case, raid it would be the duty as well as the privilege of the jury in this instance to listen to a case which differed somewhat from the ordinary actions heard in our courts of law, inasmuch as it was a case against the Crown. It was purely a legal fiction in these days to allege that a subject could not sue the Crown; for all practical purposes, by petitioning the sovereign authority a man could proceed against the Gov- ernment as he would against a private indi \- vidual. This case originated, under the law, by f\ Mr. von Bibra, the plaintiff, forwarding to ills Excellency the Governor, what was known as a petition of right, setting forth his grievance, and obtaining, through His Excellency, an order referring his petition and his complaint for trial before the Supreme Court and a jury. And what they had to try was whether the allegations and grievances set forth in this petition were well founded, or Whether the defence set up by the Government exonerated them from blame or lia- bility in the matter. The nominal defendant in the matter was the Director of Publie Works, though he was not aware that Mr. Thomas's . conduct came into question in the slightest par- ticular throughout the whole affair. Bat having been named by the Governor as the nominal de- fendant, he appeared as saoh on the record, though it would not be necessary to refer to bim in any way whatever in the course of these pro- ceedings. The petition, which embodied a statement of the plaintiff's claim, set forth that he is a dairy farmer, residing near Perth, and that he is in the habit of running a spring vehicle, need for the conveyance of milk, to and ' from the city, twice a day, over Perth bridge, which for the last eighteen years has been used and enjoyed by the public as a highway ; that the timber flooring of the bridge was, until Octo- ber last, covered with metal, bat that by the direction of the Superintendent of Boads, this metal was then removed, and the flooring of the bridge had ever since remained exposed to the action of the weather, and of vehicle and horse trafile, whereby it became dangerous to trafile, as the Superintendent well knew, or, but for his wilful default and negligence ought to have known; that, inconsequence of the timber plank- ing of the bridge being thus exposed, it had be- come liable to split and crack and to open into holes, and that, on the 7th February last, while the bridge was in that dangerous condition, the horse in the petitioner's vehicle, while being driven over the bridge, fell into one of these holes in the flooring, and was so cut and injur- ed as to be rendered quite unserviceable for a long time, and by reason of such injury redue ed in value ; also that the vehicle was consider* ably damaged. The petitioner claimed £20. The" jury would thus see that they had a very interesting little bit at business m hand that day. Although the amount of the claim was but trifling, there was an important principle in- volved, namely, whether the Government were at liberty todo whaterer they thought proper, under the idea that their conduct oonld never be impugned ; and what he wished them by their verdict to decide was, how far the * powers that he ' in this colony are to be allowed to tread on the toes of people with impunity. He thought the petitioner was entitled to the thanks of the Sublic for bringing forward this question to he ecided by a jury, -when he found that an "almighty Government" simply laughed at his claim. The defence set np was of a three- fold character ; the Government, in the first place, denied having removed the metal off that Earticular part of the bridge where the accident appened ; they also alleged that the removal of the metal off the bridge did not render it dangerous for traffic ; and it was further con- tended that the accident did not happen as al- leged hy the petitioner, but was the result of reckless driving on the part of his servant, who was in charge of the milk cart when the acci- dent happened. It would therefore be for the Eietitionerto show(l) that the metal was removed y the Government off that part of the bridge where the accident took place, namely on the last span of the bridge on the Guildford side ; (2) that the removal of the metal and the conse Suent exposure, for several months, of the bare ooring was fraught with danger to trafile ; and (3) that the accident was the result of this action on the part of the Government, and not attributable to any reckless driving on the part of the petitioner's servant. His Honor asked to be furnished with a plan of the bridge, showing where the accident hap- pened, hat neither side appeared to be prepar- ed with one. His Honor said he never knew of an important case like this, a case in which the Crown was concerned, being brought before a Court without a plan or a sketch of any kind to show the locus in quo, for the guidance of the Court and jury. He must have a plan of the bridge provided. At this stage, Mr. Frank Stone, the junior counsel for the petitioner, set to work to prepare a plan, which, being finished, was handed up to the Chief Justice. It consisted of a somewhat unartÍ8tia sketch, drawn on a piece of paper, about four inches square, and His Honor, hold- ing it np to view, asked the counsel engaged in the case whether they really thought such a thing as that was in keeping with the dignity and importance of an enquiry in which the Crown figured as defendant. Mr. Burt said it was more in keeping with the humility of his client than with the dignity of the Crown. Later in the day, a more artistic plan, prepar- ed at the Works Office, was produced, and His Honor said he was much relieved and dis- embarrassed thereby. For the petitioner the following evidence was adduced : James Marlin, a young lad, the driver of the petitioner's milk cart when the accident happen- ed, said that on returning home on the morning of the 7th of February last, about eight o'clock, the horse, which was trotting at its usual pace at the time, got its leg through a hole in the floor- ing of the bridge, aud rolled right over on its head, sustaining such injuries as to render it unfit for work, for some months afterwards. The trap was also considerably damaged, the shafts being broken right off, and the splashboard board split. There was nu metal on the part of the bridge where the accident happened, other- wise it would not have ocenrred. Witness said he had often directed the attention of the work- men employed on the bridge to the fact of there being holes in the flooring, and he believed this particular hole had been brought to their notice that morning by Mr. Hardey. To the Attorney General : I do not remember the last time I saw any holes in the bridge, pre- vious to the accident. They were usually repaired when pointed out to the workmen. I was not paying any particular attention to the state of the planking when the accident happen- ed. I was driving at the usual pace, at the rate of seven or eight mUes an hour. Possibly the reason I did not notice the hole before the horse got into it, was because I did not slacken my pace when crossing the bridge but drove at the same speed as when on the main road. To the Court : Prior to this, 1 had driven the milk cart at the same pace over the bridge« twice a day, for about three months, but I never met with any accident before. Mr. F. von Bibra, the petitioner in the action, gave confirmatory evidence as to the nature and extent of the iujuries sustained by the horse and cart, on the occasion of the accident. He said the value of the horse, when sound and prior to the accident, was about £15, while the repairs to the cart cost £410s. Witness noticed another hole in the bridge a little way off, of a still more dangerous character than that where the accident happened. Oneof the workmen employ- ed on the bridge told witness that he himself (the workman, un the same day, had slipped his leg through a hole in the flooring, just after a san- dalwood team had crossed the bridge. Nothing waa said to witness by any of the workmen as to the milk boy driving at a reckless pace across the bridge. Never heard of an accident on the bridge prior to the metal being removed off it, except on one occasion, which was attributable he believed to the " inconsistency" of a sandal- wood teamster, who drove right over the bridge into the river. His Honor : "Instability," perhaps, would be a better word, in that teamster's case. The Attorney General: Surely my learned friend will not hold that Mr. Higman was con- tributory to that. | Examination of witness continued : The part of the bridge where the accident happened was not covered with metal, nor is it now. I know the spot well. His Honor : So do I ; and I suppose when- ever I leave this eolony my ghost will haunt that bridge, for 'whene'erI take my walks abroad,' I generally wend my way to it, and I know every stick of it. Mr. Burt : There is no occasion, then, for the memorable map. Witness gave further evidence as to the gen- eral condition of the bridge, and the effect of exposure upon jarrah timber, which is the tim- ber used in the flooring. To the Attorney General : I first estimated my damages at £10, but at that time I thought it was the Roads Board that was responsible. I now claim £20. The Attorney General : You found you had saddled the wrong horse, eh ? Witness : Yes, I thought at first the Board was responsible. The Attorney General : And you thought the Government horse could carry a heavier weight than the Board's, Have not your drivers been in the habit of driving at a reckless pace across this bridge 1 Witness : On the contrary I think they must have exercised great skill and discretion in steer- ing clear of accidents, so long, when crossing it. It is true that I have had to discharge one of my drivers for severely flogging a horse. It might have been to make the horse go at a fast pace. In my opinion it vi as a mistake to remove the metal off the bridge : I consider the solid mat terial on the surface was a protection to the bridge, as it resisted the pressur eof the vehicles crossing. The Attorney General : Have you any notion of the superincumbent weight which this bridge bad to bear in consequence of the thickness of the metal which was upon it P Witness : I have not ; what I contend is that the metal tended to diminish the vibration, and acted as a buffer against the weight of the loads crossing the bridge. The Attorney General : I presume yon would be surprised to hear that the metal which was on the bridge occasioned a superincumbent pres- sure of 800 tons ! Witness : That was a point I never thought of. Mr. Archibald Gervaise Clifton, a dairy far- mer, who met the petitioner's cart shortly after the accident, gave evidence as to the damages auatained by the horse and trap. The horse, he ?aid, bore no signs of having been driven at a furious pace. He also gave evidence as to the general condition of the bridge, and testified as to the recent removal by the Government party of the metal off the particular section of the bridge where the accident happen- ed. In his opinion, it was a great mistake, and one fraught with danger, to.remove the metal 'i I and expose the flooring to the action of the weather. Mr. Eicbard W. Hardey, chairman of the Perth Road Board, said he recollected Mr. Higraan, the Superintendent of Roads, arriving in the colony, and that, some time afterwards, at Mr. Higman's suggestion, he inspected the Perth bridge with him. This was some time be- fore the Government took over the bridge, and before the metal wash-emoved. Mr. Higman then expressed an opinion that it was a mistake to place any metal upon our bridges, and sug- gested to witness,-and asked him to submit his suggestion for the consideration of the Road Board,-that it would be advisable to remove the metal off the causeway. Witness told him he thought it would be useless tobring the sug- gestion before the Board; but he did so, and they unanimously decided not to entertain the idea. He communicated this decision to Mr. Higman. Neither since this, nor prior to it, had the Board ever removed any metal off the bridge. During their control of it, every bit of planking on the bridge used to be covered with metal, in- cluding the portion where the accident to Mr. von Bibra's cart occurred. He was positive that this particular part of the bridge was covered with metal when the Board handed over the manage- ment of it to the Government. Since the metal had been removed, he had noticed the dilapi- dated condition of portious of the bridge, and seen many loose planks in the flooring. He considered that if the metal had not been re- moved the bridge would still have been in a sound condition. Witness valued the metal removed (800 tons) to be worth about £1 per ton ; it was good blue stone. In order to repair the planking of the bridge, or to make a thorough examination of it, no doubt it would be necessary to remove the metal : but this ought to have been done in sections, and the metal replaced as soon as the repairs were effected. The Attorney General (to witness) : Did your Board, or your scientific advisers, ever weigh the pros and cons of the advantages of having the bridge covered with metal ; in other words, did the enormous superincumbent pres- sure entailed by this covering ever enter as an element into your deliberations ? Witness : I cannot say that it did. The Attorney General : And I presume it as- tonished your weak nerves to hear this morning, for the first time, that there was 800 tons of metal on the bridge ? Witness : I think the Road Board ought to bring an action against the Government fur the value of all that metal, which was removed to another district. The Attorney General : I presume the atten- tion of your Board was never called to the fact that the planking on the bridge was rotting Î Witness : We could not see whether it was rotting or not, with the metal over it. The Attorney General : Are you aware that, after the uncovering of the bridge, a great num- ber of unsound and defective planks were expos- ed, of the existence of which you and your board, with all yourcommon sense and contempt for scientific opinion, were ignorant I Witness : 1 am aware that the phuiking was found to be defective, but the metal covering would tend to strengthen it. The Attorney General : Bat the planking was getting more and more rotten every year, while you and your Board remained in blissful ignor- ance of it, and the day must have come when a much more serious accident would have happen- ed than the capsizing of Mr. von Bibra's milk cart. Yet yon say the bridge ought to have been left uncovered ? Witness : I say the uncovering ought to have been done in sections, and that the metal re- moved ought, when the repairs in the flooring were done, to have been replaced with as little de- lay as possible, and thus reduce the danger to a minimum. The Attorney General : How did the danger arise-from the non-presence of the metal? Witness : Simply from the exposure of the flooring to the action of the sun and the wea- ther, and the consequent cracking and splitting of the timber. The Attorney General : Have you ever seen a hole, an aperture, or a crevice of aoy sort in the flooring of that bridge, which arose directly in consequence of the removal of the metal, and not in consequence of the rottenness of the tim- ber? Witness : Not on this bridge. The Attorney General: Can you say that either this accident, or any other accident which may have happened on the bridge, was the dir- ect result of the metal being removed? Witness : I cannot say that, directly, it was so. What I should say » that the accident hap- pened by reason of the removal of the metal and the consequent exposure of the flooring to the action of the weather. Mr. Michael Smith, the next witness exam- ined, said he had been a member of the Perth Rood Board since it was first established, and for many years was chairman of the Board. In the early days of the Board theroadmaking was done by convict parties, whose work was super- intended by sappers, connected with the Boyal Engineers, and it was under their direction that the bridge was macadamised. The first proposi- tion to strip the bridge of metal emanated from Mr. Higman ; but the Board, with one accord, objected to the proposal as a dangerous one. The Board never authorised the removal of metal off any part of the bridge. Witness had no doubt whatever that the portion of the bridge where the accident happened was covered with metal : he had himself, as a member of the Board, em- ployed two men on one occasion, shortly before the bridge was handed over to Government, to give it a top dressing, by removing the soil from the sides on to the centre of the bridge. Governor Ord when he was here, insisted upon the metal being constantly renewed on the bridge, and Gov- ernor Ord, he believed, was no mean authority on roadmaking. His Excellency hod conversed with witness on this very subject, and he could safely say that the metal would never have been removed had Governor Ord remained here that is, removed permanently. The Hoad Board once had occasion to remove the metal off a portion of the bridge, but on that occasion it was done in sections, and those portions of the bridge off which the metal had been stripped were fenced round, and other prerautions were taken by the Board to prevent accidents. No such precautions were taken when the whole bridge was stripped, under the directions of the Government. Mr. Robert D. Hardey, another member of the Perth Road Board, said that on the morn- ing of the accident he was driving into Perth, and met Mr. von Bibra's milk cart on the city "side of the causeway. Prior to this, when close to the other end of the bridge, on passing over it, he noticed a plank in the flooring split, and fur- ther on he saw another hole, clean out. He told some of the workmen on the bridge what he had seen, and they said "all right." He had also drawn Mr. Higman's attention to two holes he had noticed in the planking. The removal of the metal was in witness's opinion, very de- trimental to the bridge, as it tended to loosen the flooring, and render the timber brittle ; the nails, too, would become corroded, and so loose their hold of the planks. To the Attorney General : The split plank which I noticed in the flooring on the morning of the accident appeared to have been only re- cently broken. I generally slacken my pace when driving over the bridge, while it is being repaired. 1 would not drive across it st the rate of seven or eight miles an hour (the pace at which the milk cart was said to have been going.) Mr. Francis Bird, (formerly of the firm of Mason, Bird & Co.) gave evidence as to ^he con- dition of the bridge, and expressed his opinion that the removal of the metal off the old plank- ing of the bridge, where it had been for many years, would necessarily have a very injurious effect, and tend to loosen the boards, when ex- posed to the influence of the sun. When he last crossed the bridge, all the planks appeared to be loose ; they rattled ominously. A pass- age across the bridge was attended with con- siderable risk to horses and vehicles, since the metal had been stripped. Witness had heard the statement that the superincumbent material on the bridge before it was removed weighed 800 tons, but it should be borne in mind that this weight was spread over twelve chains of timber. Twelve chains of sound jarrah plank- ing would bear a superincumbent pressure of about 80,000 tons, before breaking. Peter Demason said he was employed in May lost by the Government as »ganger in charge of the workman employed on the bridge. Among other portions of the bridge where metal was removed, they stripped about six inches of metal off the centre of the road at the part of the bridge where the accident happened. He did this under the instructions of the Assistant Superintendent of Roads. (Mr. Ben. Mason.) To the Attorney General : When Mr. Mason asked me, a few days ago whether I remembered if there was any metal at all on this particular part of the bridge, I told him that I was not positive whether there was not. I told him that, because I did not wish to come down as a wit- ness iu the case. I am qnite positive now that there was metal on it, and that we removed it. The Court, at this stage adjourned until next day. 