THEATRICAL GOSSIP. Catherine Lewis and John Hanson are playing opera bouffe in New York. Ihe late Lord Lytton left three unpub lished plays behind him. One of them, on the subject of Brutus and Tarquin, lists been submitted to Mr. Irving, who will probably produce it at the Lyceum. It contains several effective situations, and a competent critic, who has read the Mo., says that it is a better play than the " Lady of Lyons." The movement inaugurated by the Prince of Wales to found a Royal College of Music is meeting with most satisfactory support. In addition to the subscriptionspromisea by the j London Corporation and City Companies, over £50,000 has been given, so that the first £100,000 of the original sum of £300,000 re quired for tho undertaking has been prac tically secured. Mra. Stirling's performance of the Nurse, the World says, is one of the chief successes of " Romeo and Juliet" at ihe Lyceum. Was it from playing Juliet in the past that the lady learnt so well how to play the Nurse in the present? Mrs. Stirling's Shakspearian experiences do not date from to-day merely, nor from yesterday. There were times when she was a charming Rosalind; when she won great applause as Desdemona and as Cordelia j to the Othello and Lear of Macready. But how long'ago it all seems! I note that the Athcnceum of January, 1836, expreBseB itself as " much pleased with the new actress, Mrs. Stirling," The critic proceeds" She is a very pretty woman; and there were grace, force, and propriety in her acting throughout, which will, if we are not much mistaken, answer most satisfactorily much heavier calls than were made upon her on this occasion." The prediction has been amply verified. The occasion was the production, at the Adelphi, of a melodrama, " The Ghost Story," by Mr. Scrle. Even before 1836 the actress, calling herself Miss Fanny Clifton, had been very favourably received by the public. A party of gentlemen were supping at one of the principal hotels in Boston recently, when the conversation turned on Boucicault. One eentleman, professing to know the actor intimately, gave a programme of what he was about to do. A second one knew how much he was worth, and where his funds w.ere invested. A third, who also knew him well, remarked that he had been a guest in the hotel, but scared by the preseuceof small pox in the city, he had secluded himself in Roxbury. A fourth assured the rest there waB no epidemic in the matter: lie knew for a fact tbat he had been carried off by Miss , one of the loveliest girls in Boston, and had secluded himself with her. An old gentleman rising from the next table, joined the group. "Gentlemen," he said, "lam the person you are speaking of. It always affords me much pleasure to learn in this manner what I am doing, where I am, and what I am going to do; it saves me the trouble of making up my mind. I have no idea what I am worth, but I daresay the estimate of this gentleman may be correct. As for the epidemic. I have lately been vaccinated ineffectually. The complaint is as indifferent to me as is the young lady of whom you speak. It is very flattering to my sixty years to be accused of being carried off in such a lovely maimer. I don't object to the imputation, but the young lady might see it in another light." That elderly gentleman then turned his back on the most surprised party of the season. The scenery in " Romeo and Juliet," now being produced by Mr. Irving at the Lyceum, is thus spoken of by an English paper" In the text the first scene is described as occur ring in a ' public place,' but the most lively imagination could not conceive the scene which Mr. Irving has presented. There is a pub'ic market in a square near to one of the city gates, and a bridge which spans the Adige, which runs through the town of Ve lona. Children are to be seen running hither and thither in sportive fun. Men and women are trafficking and bartering goods, while others are carrying bales, probably of rice, corn, silk, wool, or linen to the warehouses, or to the wharf for shipment. Near to the bridge are lofty walls fringed with capitals, remarkable for the solidity and splendour of their construction, while the spires of the ca thedral and churches are seen towering above fine and noble palaces conspicuous for the bold outline of their structure. It is amidst all these surroundings that Sampson and Gregory enter and provoke Abram and Bal thasar to a quarrel, and then, the alarm having been given, the retainers of the rival factions of Capulet and Montague come pour ing in over the bridge and through the city gate, to the number of two or three hundred, to join in the fray. The fight is short, but furious, and presently the trumpets of the heralds, who enter clad in silver armour, an nounce the presence of the Prince and his retinue. Peace is restored for the moment, and the mob retire, with evident indications that they will renew the fray when opportu nity offers. The scene before Capulet's house will attract attention. The house is a noble structure, surrounded by orchards and gardens, every window of which is illuminated, showing that preparation has been made for an old-accus tomed feast which it is the wont of the head of the house of the Capulets to hold; but if the exterior gives promise of good entertain ment the interior more than justifies that promise. The large hall is filled with guests, and servants in rich liveries are hurrying to and fro to attend to their wants. Soft music breathes upon the air, and the ' ladies who have their toes unplagued with corns' joii the gentlemen in a Veronese quadrille. TMl over, a torch dance, daintily performed by ladies and gentlemen attired in white satin, in honour of the Lady Juliet, adds to the brilliancy of the scene. The balcony scene is a wonder of scenic art. The moon tips with silver all the fruit-tree tops, while the branches move placidly in response to a gentle breeze. The stars twinkle in a clear blue sky, and the whole atmosphere is redo lent of that quiet solitude which is dear to lovers. The next scene which will attract attention is the terrace of Capulet's garden, where Juliet is waiting with impatience the arrival of the Nurse with a message from Romeo. The cloister and monastery are studies for the architect, and Juliet's cham ber can only be described by an artist who has served an apprenticeship to an art deco rator of interiors. .It is, in fact, the interior of the balcony, which is entered from without by a trellised alcove rich in creepers of varied colours. The churchyard with the tomb of the Capulets, and the tomb itself, are at once awe-inspiring with their solemn grandeur. The scene is indeed impressive when the curtain descends and a number of monks and i servants bearing torches crowd upon the steps leading to the tomb." I 