ECHOES FROM THE SMOELNG ? ' . ROOM. FRv A SfT?.TP.T!T.F'R..1 A great deal of the time of the House las ?.week wa3 taken up with discussions on newa ipaperi— -first, on Mr. Kingston's non-anonj ? initv motion, and afterwards on the New£ paper Postage Abolition Bill, which has not the shadow of a ghost of a chance of being ^earned. Referring to the non-anonymity debate, the- speech of the younger of West Adelaide's representatives on Taesday was ''various,' if I may drag in an Americanism. 'lf'waa prodigiously, wearisomely long; itwaa 3 monotonous in its repetitions, and mournful Jia its constant reiterations at the beginning '%f each sentence of the oracular ' I say.' One '?member who sat the speech out Etake3 his :^reputation as an arithmetician npon the i;trnth of the assurance that ' I say' ocenrred 'fifty-five times therein. But yet the address *as highly interesting, and for an honourable J8ind learned member it was thoughtful and 'earnest and temperate. Had it been but half as long it would have been entitled to the :Mgh honour of being one of Mr. Kingston's ;best speeches this session. But what robbed ;it: of most of ite weight was its honestly avowed foundations! fault— 'It is not necessary that writers should be compelled to sign their names to their articles ; past expe jrience has not proved such a thing to be needed ; the respectable papers have never yet sinned against the Iaw3 of fairnes3 of criticism. But here's the point— they may eo pa. Or if the present editors don't, the papers may have unprincipled conductors In -twenty years or eo, and we'd better 'punish them in the meantime for the possible - sins of their successors.' It tvaa .that which fairly took the life 'out of the speech. It wa3 as though ?the speaker, bewigged aud begowned as a 'prosecuting counsel, were to say to the Judge —'Don't misunderstand me, your Honor, I beg. Oh, no; this man did not steal the purse— indeed, there is not a suggestion that he stole it ; but it is just possible that he may take one by and by, or that his eon or his successor may take one. So he'd better be punished now.' This is the reductto ad ab stirdum which the Smoking-room ha3 put forth with, at least, a show of reason it mast be 'confessed. The Attorney-General's clause ;iras evidently suggested as a compromise, and was carried as such by the members who, voting, understood what the compli cated jumble Tnpq.tit, r /Did they notice the peculiar ingenuity of J^e clause !„, It says in effect.— 'Whenever anything -published in a newspaper shall be injurious to the character of any person a Judge or Special Magistrate may by his order direct the publishers to furnish to the person mentioned in the order the name of the writer or author.' Look at the italicized sentence. That means, if it means anything, this :— Jjones, a notorious con victed ruffian, may. be strongly commented npon in a paper after his conviction. Smijth, a relative of Jjones, may wish to know who wrote the article, and he may get the Special Magistrate' to insert his name in the order, and he can compel the publisher to tell him who wrote it. The clause does not say that the man affected shall alone have the infor mation, nor does it say that one order only shall be given. If a Judge be criticised he can give an order to himself or to any friend of his to get the name, or fifty orders to give it np to fifty people may be served upon the publisher. Supposing there should by. any chance or mis chance be an unprincipled Magistrate in a small, isolated settlement— Port Darwin, for instance. Why, if this clause is to be en forced one of two things will hapDen. Either abuses will not be touched npon in the news paper at all, or else those who do touch upon them will not live out half their days ; whilst the business of undertakers, the calls of Coroners' Juries, and the fearful mortality of Pressmen will be the most notable features of the place. Now, more matured Legislative Councilmen, the eyes of sensible, peace loving colonists are turned towards you. .Shall this monstrosity live, or will you strangle it offhand? . There have been few South Australian politicians who have made progress at such a rate as the fortunate, straight, and honest Commissioner of Crown TA'flg. He is not a great frequenter of the Smoking-room, so he hasn't got so much of a certain kind of popu larity as some members have. He has a more respectful- popularity though; and when his political backbone shall have become more rigid his usefulness and weight will be much greater. He is a trifle too impetuous, but is clear-headed after all; and he has evidently been working with De mosthenean ardour, if not with that old Greek's success, to improve his oratory. He is still a highly nervous speaker ; but he works up his facts and figures before he begins to speak, and his speeches read better than they sound, for his matter is better than his manner, and his voice is not a very tractable one. He is withal in the second class of our Parliamentary speakers, and those who heard him move the second reading of the Pastoral Leases Bill on Taesday will agree with the Smoking-room when it predicts for him speedy transference to the first-rate list. Cunning as any oft-chased Reynard is the afiable Treasurer, or else singularly absent minded. Discussing the taxation proposals on Thursday, as soon as Mr. Bower had finished trying to make himself heard in the gallery amidst the tempest of talk which the House kept up in competition at the same time, there was a minute's pause, which the Treasurer occupied in pondering profoundly over some documents on his desk. The Chairman put the motion and declared it carried, and then the Chancellor of our Ex chequer got up with an excellent show of surprise— simulated or real, according to his .' fairness' or absent- mindedness. His look was meant to say— 'Bear witness, gentle men, I— I really meant to reply to the speeches made against me, and I had no idea till it was too late that the resolutions were 80 soon to be put.' But the hot-headed Oppositionists in the room quote something like the laconic phrases of the namesake of the honourable and wealthy member for Noarlnnga— ' When yon have nothing to say, say nothing. A weak defence strenjrthens your opponent, and silence is less injurious than a bad reply.' In any case, would it not have been more in accordance with the fitness of things if the Treasurer bad said at least— 'Sir, I didn't introduce these resolntions against my will— indeed I didn't. Ex-Public Works was vrrong -when he said I did.' The Ornate Member for Onkaparinja has been a somewhat prominent character in the House during the last few days. The Room has been smiling at one or two of his recent experiences. On Wednesday he fell to lecturing the Treasurer, who vras speaking rather loudly to a choke coterie on the Ministerial cross-bench while Mr. Rees was addressing tha House opposite. Turning round he said — ' When the Honourable the Treasurer delivers a speech I always listen attentively to him, and do not interrupt him. May I ask him to extend the same considerateness to meT The Treasurer, with the utmost cool ness and suavity, remarked— 'Oh, certainly,' ' and kept his word— for a while. Do members accustomed to talk to the anoyance of others remember that there is such a thing as self love to be wounded ? But there is another little story told of the last elected member for Onkaparinga, leaving out the little episode between him and the honourable _ member whose longest and only speech is an unspeakably irritating, sarcastic 'Hear, hear,' and whose most vigorous effort in the House is a laugh, in competition with which Professor Teufels d' jk's and a certain Australian bird's would ha»-e no show of success. To the tale, how ever. The Ornate was speaking on Friday, and an eloquent, liberal, and really able speech it was, on the Newspaper Postage Abolition Bill ; and soon after he had commenced a lady entered the House. Thereupon went round the benches an un mistakable murmur ; for members had regard to Mr. Hawker's speech the other day— the speech in which he said that when ever a lady was present that particular hon. member indulged in an elaborate oration — and they felt that they must listen for at least an hour, if the lady stayed eo long. Well, the address proceeded, the speaker soaring higher and higher in his flights, and becoming more and more effective. At length, unperceived by the orator, the lady left, and the Mischievous Member thereupon agreed with the Sedate Member to play-off a nice little joke. The orator was laying-on the finishing ornaments of his speech, when the Sedate Eidled np to him and said, jerking his thumb over his shoulder in the direction of the strangers' gallery—' Oh ! it's all right, old chap ; the lady's gone.' The speech did ? not last much longer, and it will never have the crowning glory which it would have had if the builder had not been interrupted. But an apology was demanded, and given, so the Room says. The Corporations Bill discussion showed how slight a veneration members have for the City Council The same thing has been shown in other ways too. On Wednesday, for instance, Mr. Smith, referring to a provi sion suggested as to the stopping of tratneara at the intersection of streets, said — 'The City Council have full power over the streets now. Their by-laws are quite sufficient to meet the case.' ' Oh,' said the bigger of the members for Encounter Bay, 'the City Council are great on by-laws. I wonder they have not a by-law to prevent people Eneezing in the public street.' Parliamentary grammar has heights and depths and widths and lengths too great for common minds to compass. Some day— one of the members threatens — there shall be a Smoking-room Joe Miller. In the meantime, one specimen of what that book shall con tain may suffice. A member is to move this new clause in the Corporation Bill this week : — ' Notwithstanding anything con tained in the Municipal Corporations Act, 1880, or any by-law made thereunder, it shall not be necessary for any person to have a licence from any Municipal Corporation for the purpose of tradingor carrying about for sale any fish, fruit, victuals, timber, fuel, vege tables, hay, straw, or other food for cattle.' The hungry cow that ate up a line of clothes for dinner and the props for dessert was not 'a circumstance' beside the omnivorous animals that this clause contemplates.' The member for Noarlunga, in his Smokers Bill, refers to cigars, cigarettes, pipes, ' or other tobacco whatsoever,' Is a pipe a sort of obacco ? 