GUNDAROO. (From out Co respondent.) PRESBYTERIAN TEA-MEETING.-As predicted in my last this was a coniplete success. The object of the same, as already stated, was to raise funds for the minister's stipend. Mr. W. Afflieck's Assembly Room was the place ,chosen fqr the holding of the Affair, and the time was 5.3o p.m. on Saturday last. At the hour named the doors were opened and the usual preliminaries took place. An onslaught was commenced on the good things provided, which where placed on tables running the entire length of the wall. The tables of course were spread with clothes of spotless purity, and were prettily decorated with choice flowers, &c.; The viands were of a tempting description, in fact some of the delicacies displayed would have done credit to the most accomplished chef-de-c.uisine. Even the most fastidious epicures could not complain, for the presence of a number of ladies amply repaid those of the sterner sex who had entered the portable of the As sembly Room. The Rev. Dr. Steel and his son were present, and by their indefatigable efforts to please the gues's added much to the general success. So great was the attend ance that a large number of visitors had to wait outside till others had finished. Too much praise cannot be given to the following ladies for their valuable assistance in getting up the affair, viz. :-Mesdames Ward, C. Dyce, Affleck, Holdsworth, and Walmsby. Among the gentlemen Mrs. Affleck of course did the lion's share of the work. The pecu niary result was about ,7 ios. Afte ari present had thoroughly tested their gastra nomic powers a move was made for the church, and the Rev. Dr. Steel delivered a lecture on "A Visit to America." .The, lecturer was listened to throughout his discourse with rapt attention, his utterances being eloquent and of thrilling interest. . His graphic pourtrayal of a tour through the, States was highly appreciated. A hearty vote of thanks was accorded to the lecturer at the conclusion. A collection was made during an intermission, and was responded to gene rously. The meeting closed with a hymn and the benediction. On Saturday afternoon Mr. WV. Affleck disposed of the surplus provisions, &c.;, left from the tea- meeting, by auction. A good sum was realized. The total proceeds will probably be about £I4. The tea-meet ing of 1882 must therefore be prounced an unqualified success. Doctor Steel preaches here this evening. POLICE COURT.-Wednesday, September. 13th-Before Messrs. Dyce and Affleck, J's.P. James Burgess sued Michael Ganghan in the Small Debts Court for the sum of £5 z1s 6d for work and labor done. Defendant not appearing, service of. summons, was proved. Verdict for full amount, to be re covered under Contractors' Debts Act. Con-, stable Agassiz was appointed bailiff of the court, as no civilian would accept the appoint ment. A code of rules and schedule of fees under the new Act was drawn up by the court and adopted, subject to the approval of the Attorney. General. CRICKET.-A meeting of those interested in the above took place at the Royal Hotel last evening. Election of afficers for the en suing season resulted as follows :-Treasurer and secretary, H. J. Mc Grath; selection committee, W. Affleck and W. Clemenger; captain, C. Dyce. A trophy for best batting average last season was, awarded to Mr. A. Elliott. Mr. Mc Grath offered a trophy for: best bowling average this season. The. fee for membership was fixed at 5s, subject, how ever, to calls. A scratch match,was played on the recreation groub;dyesdterday afternoon by the members. SUPERSTITIGN.-Ghosts are, again making their appearance aboutGundaroo-; one house has been entirely deserted by its occupants for this cause. IMPROVEnMENTS.-Several houses in town are undergoing alterations and embellishment at the hands of painter and carpenter. The post and telegraph master's residence is com pleted. September 17th. 