ERRORS OF THE HEART. PROLOGUE. The arrival of two gentlemen in Haydale caused some little commotion. Visitors were rare in Haydale. There was not much in the little hamlet to attract the tourist, and in those days tourists were rare. IIaydale was no more famous then than now for any particular branch of industry. it There was no railway cutting up the a country thereabouts, and the stage coach e did not pass within a certain distance of the village. e Pedes:ri ins rarely found out Ilaydale, with the exception of the pedlars and other members of the tramp tribe. The gipiies paid their periodical visits, V for, although an out-of-the-world spot, there was fat camping land for those my sterious wanderers, and their foraging pro clivites were to a certain extent winked at. The commotion that the new arrivals caused was the result of no singularity in the garb or deportment of the two gentle men.q Truth compels me to admit that they neither wore the long cloaks nor slouched hats so nece=sary to invest the heroes of romance w.th due interest in a first chapter. It They did not stride into Haydale village to any tremolo accompaniment of stringed instruments. Nay, there was not so much asa " chord'' b to mark their entrance, and although, if the truth be told, both of the gentlemen a were given to attitudinizing, there was no lime light to enhance the effect of their i picturesque posing. Attitu unizing is an expression which g perhaps smacks of exaggeration. What I would seek to convey is that they © bore them?olves with visible consciousness el of their own superiority to anybody they could possibly encounter in that part of the world. The two visitors came into Ilaydale across the Burroughes estate, an. hid to climb tl the stile which just faced "' the shop." The latter was the designation of Hay- a dale's unique emporium for all kinds of n< wares. You could purchase there boo:laces, blue pills, bread and butter, beef and mutton. st Japhet Sorry represented butcher, baker, d clothier, chemist, bootmaker, grocer, cheese monger, and librarian in IIaydale. In addition to these multifarious pur- t1 suits, he was parish clerk an:d tax col lector. h T'he two gentlemen cocked each a leg over it the stile, and each at a glance took stock of Japhet Sorry's emporium. 'Lively look not'said one to the other. " Primitive," was the reply. S " Just the sort of place where one might Barr, without any regulnar cou , one might sleep the lamb-like slumber of , innocence'with never a fear to haunt one of ci bums or bailiffs, or duns or writs; where one- ' Don't get poetical, Vere,' said his com- h panion. No I won't' responded Mr Vere, drily. s1 ' What I meant to say was that here one might, with a little exercise of his ingenuity, h live in luxury at a very low rate. " By ticking it up until one's rent fell doe.' 'That's it.' , Yes,' said Mr Barrs, dreamily; 'I should think they were pretty easy-going and con fiding.' ' And confiding,' echoed Mr Vere. "Though at present there does not tip pear many people to be confiding or easy.' Now this opinion was barely pronounced when from theback of the shop emerged the owner in an apron and sleeves. Mr Japhet Sorry was a personage in Havdale, and he was now about to read up for the political discussion of that even ing, to take place at the ' Swan.' HIe held in ,'his hand the ' Local Pipe light,' from which it was his wont to cram for these occasions. But hardly had he taken in a line of the L. P. leader when he.caught sight of the two strangers on the stile. Mr Sorry stared. Then he rubbed his eyes, as people do in story books when they see a fairy. Convinced however, that they were not ghosts, he bade them good day. ' Good day,' said Mr Barrs cheerfully. Mr Vere also responded, and added ' sotto voce' to his companion 'Let us go and have a bit of chaff with the aborigines P' He accompanied this satirical remark with a leer, and a,wink of such import that it nearly sent Mr Baurrs into conivul sions. 'What do you call this part, Mr-Mr-' he looked up at the name over the shop front, ' Mr Japhet Sorry ?' The parish clerk-butcher-grocer looked about him inquiringly. ' What part ?-this ?' - he asked, stamp inag gently on his doorstep. ' This is my shop.' Oh,ab, of course ! Yes,precisely. What I meant, though, was the part--country, you know. c Oh, ye', I know, returned -Mr °Sorry, ently,' now that you tell me. This 'is aydale.' ' Hydale, echoed Mr Vere ; ' quite ro-' mantic, eh, -Barra ? 'Quite,'said Bairs. SMuch life here, Mr--Mr' he had sicl a short memory that he was forced to look Sup.at the name again,;* Mr Japhet Sdiorry ? 'Yes,' replied Mr Sorry,'life everywhere Sbut,there.'; : And he pointed to the graveyard. Then:Mr Vera added, in an .dertoe, to his companion- 'I don't'see:it--do you ? . I What the l:person appeiled to ~oild have replied theie is no knowinig nio~ 'for his speech:l as iipped in' the bud by the appearance on the scene of a new character. This was a young girl of a most attract ive exterior. Her graceful, slight figuretold you that it was a girl just budding into woman hood. She was a beautiful brunette of six -teen-' summers,' as the story-books say and the:expression would not be ill-chosen p in her case, for.to all appearance, her life d might have been one long summer. There was a charming simplicity in her hi manner, and it was evident to the most c casual observer that she was far from m being cognisant of her rare beauty. m The description is anything but graphic, I admit; but I prefer to skdtch the merest se outline of the portrait and let your vivid ar fancies, my fair readers, fill in the details cc yourself. It is not easy for everyone to see beauty in the most beautiful, and you of the pink hi and white complexion and fashionable gold- m en hair might fail to recognise the charms di the owner: of raven tresses and violet eyes could possess. vs IBoth the strangers,'however, I must ad-. mit, were struck. ' . . "[th 'A line girl that, Barra !' said Mr Percy fri \ere. in: ' Grand form 1' was the other's enthusi- ro astic rejoinder. What a figure !' . th 'And what a' walk !' re 'Ah!' said Mfr Percy Vere, satirically, 'there's a heart-ache in that little person vs for some unlucky fellow some' day.. |of 'Or for herself,' returned Mr Barrs; bu quietly. hb Let us hope thatat least the latter'swords th would never prove prophetic. I b It would be sad indeed to see that fairy s~u form bowed with grief, or tears dim the lustre of her deep violet eyes. be WVell, atthe present there would appear 'm: to be but a very remote chance of either of w these dire contingencies, for this Haydale ha beauty was radiant with smiles and in rare ad spirits. As she turned the bend of the church yard and came in sight of the shop, with is. its owner standing at the door, she nodded gaily to Mr Japhet Sorry, and tripped over Al to him with a face full of smiles. sil 'lHow do you do, Mr Sorry?' she said,' p evidently ignoring'the presence of the two no Sstrangers. m , Very well, Miss Mabel, and always glad lo see you,' was the gallant reply of Mr II Sorry. 'Oil I did'nt see,'said the girl, blushing to rn the roots of her hair, and ran off. cO Now Mr Vere stood gazing after her like a man spellbound, but his companion did S, not appear to be at all affected by this com- f :onplace incident. Mr Sorry glared at the two gentlemen. ?a It was the sight of strangers that had ,a startled the shy beauty and catiied her sud den flight. B, The grocer had counted upon agood chat th with Miss Mabel, as he called her, and as th this was the greatest possible treat that anybody could have proposed to Mr Sorry, is he was proportionately disgusted with the ' innocent and unoffending intruders. ' of ' What is her name ?' saked Mr Vere, ne with some show of eagerness'in his manner. th 'Are you asking me?' demanded Mr TI Sorry, snappishly. is' , eo-L siiauu o ares.'n ' . ..... were' returned Mr Vere. 'I only put.a hi civil question- ' SThen go and ask herself. - 'That I s?ill,' said Mr Vere jumping off J( his perch. 'Come along Burrs.' at They both went off laughing, leaving the br shopkeeper rather disconcerted. " 'I hope they won't annoy her,' said be to himself, looking after them rather uneasily. Then he began to reproach himself with s his shortness of temper, and to call him self a fool for making such an answer as bh that which he had just given the two strangers. is ' They'll go and pester her, perhaps,' he ,t saidto himself. ' Perhaps they'll even talk st all sorts of things a young girl shouldn't hear!' . Then he grew fierce and looked more it dangerous than Mr Percy Vere or his ' boon companion Barrs would have thought ci possible for the owner of such a shop. k 'They had better mind with their cock ney tricks here,' he said, ' or they may go s home with a cracked crown apiece. I sup- o pose from their finicking ways they are two shupmen holiday-making. (This with ineffable contempt). So that we glean here that whatever f may be the solid qualities of Mr Japhet d Sorry, he was not free from that besetting sin of most honest bread-winners--that he held his own social status in anything but esteem. Mr Japhet Sorry's words were prophetic. They had overtaken Miss Mabel, and were, as he had predicted, talking soft nothings to her. . , And Mabel, although frightened at first, I soon becamepleased" and reassured by Mr Vere's soft; persuasive manner, arid they 1 walked along chatting pleasantly diough.. Mr Vere and his companion both piqued themselves upon their acumen, and 'they had both set the beauty down as a rustic doll with never a notion beyond buttercups and daisies. . -. They found her, on the contrary, "'nore than their match in general' coniversation, no matter what topic was chosen. Her knowledge of the wicked world was limited, but for_ gnirl of sixten was vaiied y and extensive.. She was not only versed in general lite Srature; but she was a muasician of .iore Ithan average taste' and ability- yet hot an adept at the harmonious fireworkis-=- ocal f, and, instrumental-which the' ambitionu is' ainteuts of' these enlightened'tiih-~es and parts affect': and more" than all, 'shei po-' -' sesied considerable skill with pencil and brush: . . ..Given, on the one .?iand,; ia i?s a id, a in mfact-possessed' of viried gaces nd ac \- complishments, sand 'certainly n &t;'d'oi dof taste'and powers of observcatidsn-sidupoh tS the other hand a man-.-caicely(a 'gentle-' man, in fact-possessed of iso graces and with, as far as we have had ari'opportunity of judging up to the prese'nt' but onie ac ei comeplishment to advance his claiuhs to special favor.. '1""This'i vulgarly knownitistliae'gftfthe Id gab, backed, as it invariablyis, with a in tor 'oridinate aimount' of self- suffilcieicy. ' ,.' ho Two "per?onec'ii',if "compni g nbtes' w I carefully, would show not to have a single Sidea in common. t-. Given, I say, two persons of different tastes, ideas, fancies, breeding, would vou, at my fair render, think it possible for any u- thing to come of such a meeting as I have described more serious than a mildflirtation? ix- Of course not. SYet, when Miss Mabel and Mr Vere parted company" presently, they were un - ti doubtedly impressed with each other. t " That he should have been smitten with g her fair form and handsome face no one can wonder -that even he should have ad mired her for 'the manifest graces of her h mind. V" But what a girl of Malnbel's stamp.could tl see to admire in Percy Vere, in.spite of his aristocratic-sounding name, it is not easy to conceive. S He was certainly not ill-favored. There was an air of smartness, too, about his well-grown form that might have taken of many a fair one's fancy, but a fair one of a different mould to Mabel. There is io accounting for the freaks and he vagaries of that rogue, Cupid. fo Thereis, it is true, some accounting for the whims of t'lose foolish old women who re from time to timue,excite scandal by marry- se inr their footmen; or even for the wildly Bi romantic girls who elope with their grooms. w But unequal matches of the nature of that now foreshaded have no excuses or he reasous to be assigned. Blue stocking ladies of overweening vanity occasionally get matched to men of the most contempitible mental calibre but then it is quite understood that they have no sympathies in common, and that the feeble lords of the creation are taken by their fair partners as foils to their own superior attainments. Here, however, there was no excuse to th be urged, for M?bel was not violently ro- pt 'mantic, nor was she i,, this out-of-the world village so unused to admiration, as to nu hare her head turned by the first tender advances that were made to her. le There was not But why attempt an explanation of what fi is-as I start by avowing-inexplicable. m Mr Vere and his friend' Barra watched at Alice out of sight, and then they walked silentlyback to the signboard on which was G painted a white swan, with the legend be- ce nesath, 'Byf Joltus HIXt. Good entertain ment for man and beast.' m For man and beast,' read off .lr Barra 'It will ijst do for me and you.' ' It will, responded his companion, too yt much absorbed in thought to notice the B coarse waggery of Mr Barrf. t They were all entertained at the' White n Swan,' and here they secured rooms, in de fault of abetter or more sumptuous hotel. They moreover managed to work up a cer tain amount of information here, which r afterwards proved useful in a measure. The landlord was one of those garrulous Bonifaces, who asked .for nothing better di than a go.td listener, and once wound up the only difficulty was to stop him. 'Miss Miabel's father-foster fatther'that w is-as for her real father, I have heard it ol whispered that sheis nearly related to some ft of the big folk about- that's not your busi ness nor mine nayther, for the matter of o" that. She's a dear young lady all the samh. tr Though if it is only true(and I'suspectlit la is'nt very far frdm the mark), it'll mainly at alter tisaJlbhells position i lilfe.-. fr, -TodI rscny6atda;n etsonsettsrs liewnn'at 1',l his own flesh an blood. 'l Mr Percy Ve?e asked a few questions o -very few questions served to elicit from John Hind all the particulars he wanted, yi and a little gratuitous information into the Ia bargain. This ended their first day at Haydale. h; But not their visit. of They found themselves in clover, so to speak; and they made a long sojourn there. fe So long in, fact, that the Haydalites began to look upon them as settlers. i But one fine day, as )rr Vere was going ci in to dinner, he saw that John Hind had a customer in conversation, whose face was e' strange to IHaydale. V Habits of caution- wherefore goodness knows-had frequently shown themselves n in the bearing, both of Mr Barrs and Mr Vere and now he stepped back, made a o circuit of the house, and entered by the sl kitchen garden. Then reaching the door of the bar, he a stooped and tested the acoustic propertie of the key hole. s And this is an idea of what he overheard. ' That's just about the time,' said the a stranger, in a voice once heard, not easily forgotten. ' The taller one talks a good I deal.' ' Yes,' from John Hind. ' He has a flash manner, and can talk you into anything. ' That he can. ' Quite so. The other one-' SBarrs.' ' Barrs-exactly. Barre appears to swear by his friend, and to hang on his words in fact.' ' That he do,'said Hind, bracing himself up for a good long say this time, for, to his dismay; he had only been put through ' sort of cross- examination up to the present, and limited to monosyllabic replies. ' He rules the roost proper, he do, and as for-' "' Quite so,' interruped the stranger. 'Well,'I shall wait here for them. But , don't let them know I am inside, for I've got an agreeable surprise for' them,' and I ' don't want'ydteto spoil it" They are out i of money.': . - 'That they. are too, for . '.. 'Yes; yes.' I have brought them some.' . ' Very kind of you, sure-ly.' " Precisely.. And you say they will be a ' Almtostdirectly, to, dinner.' I ' Very good ;we'll all:' have dinner to ether. They will enjoy it 'all the more.' " Arid he laughed heartily as if it were a very quaint conceit. r' i-An~d John Hind laughed too. " "Partly for company's sake, for it is not fpleasit t" laugh alone, add pairtlybecaiise n he was securing another customer. ~- Now when Mr Vere had listened so far,he d slipped out of his boots and went upstairs y I to hisroom. Heohuckled grimly and silently. o '/ Aiid then he made some hasty changes in his toilet. . sl Ne~it he scribbled two hurried notes,'one \- of which he left on the table, the other hel tok with him, and with asmall 'parcel in' es'iiub'hand, and his boats in tii other, he le stepped down stairs as quietly as possible. Gaining the kitchen garden, he got into at his boots, and made off with all despatch. u, Now, when he had got half a mile from \- the house, he met a Haydale acaquintance. re ' Are you going near the' Swan P'' asked a? I Mr Vere. 'Close by,' was the reply. re ' Thet you might do me a service. Leave this note at thebhouse, and tell John Hind mn that I can't get back to dinner, as I have sa got an invitation to Letherton.' a 'That's not the way to Letherton! an 'No; I'm aware of that,'-said Mr Vere, or hastily ' but I have a call to make at the White House first. I'll do you a turn for o n this, Mr Hart.' fit ' You're welcome, sir.' When the messenger reached the 'White de Swan,' he found dinner waiting. in John Hind was surprised. - of But the stranger was thoroughly vexed po over it. He ever eye, the landlords suspicioubly. tri 'He'sWot been. putting them up to it?' he said to himself. No, no he's too great a en fool.' an The. stranger even took the liberty of reading the note left by Mr Vere's ses- -sa 'senger, although it- was addressed to Mr abl Barrs, and from this he learned that the writer would be back at six punctually. ' They haven't got into fashionable dining pie hours here then,' he said, reflectively. I can wait-I can wait. qu' Luckily for him, for his patience was des- an tined to be put to a severe test that day. Six o,clock still finds him waiting, At seven he was waiting still, when the maid charged with the care of the lodgers' pri rooms, brought down a letter she had found on Mr Vere's table. ed ' Griatock.' said John Hind reading off thi the superscription; don't know the name; put it back on the table. na ' Stop!' said the stranger, ' that's my Co name !' an. And he changed colour as he tore the letter open. He scanned it down, bangei his clenched up fist on the table with such violence as to an: make all the glasses jingle, swore a big oath, fut and then ran upstairs. w, John Hind, much annoyed, read Mr Gristoclt's note as it lay on the table to as- we certain the cause of all the hullaballoo. : But his indiscretion did not avail him stc much. tet This was the note: Driti Garsrocg,-When this meets th your eagle eve the writer will be far away. gli Better luck next time, and believe me that an the first to condole with your disappoint ment is- tel 'Your devoted, ' P. V.' th Mr Perev Vere did not return .to the fel ' White Swan,, nor did Mr Barrs. Haydale saw them no more. wi And at the same time Matbel \Varden disappeared out of sight. go CHAPTER Ir. . m Mabel Warden was just nineteen. She th was about the average feminine stature, and a of exquisite symmetry her slight and grace ful figure. " Her face was, very beautifunl-a perfect m oval-- of a cletr olive tint with richblus trous, viotet.ev e, sihadi by long, silken it lashes, and ruifv lips, that wore a -soft of and winning espressipon, revealing, when th lichtlypara d, ' otf pearly teeth. epnd in spite of-the- C nu.o she wore it, was the most beautiful feature of her small round heakd. w But now, when I ini presenting her to in. your notice, she wore a sld and carewern look. Poor Mabel had found the battle of life a fe hard one to fight, and had just experienced in one of a long list of reverses, Like many of us in this giant city, she an founderen hard work hard to obtain. But she struggled boldly to keep the wolf from the door, and had hitherto suc- en ceeded. ro Now, alas! she was in a sore strait, for th every penny of her small board of savings to was gone. th Mabel was a brave-hearted girl, that asked no man's charity. at She would have refused to eat the bread I1 of idleness had it been offered her; but now st she was hard put to it. at She had often been in straitened circum stances, but neveras she was now. at For the wolf was at the door of that little w second-floor lodging in Newman Street. ci And yet-such is the strange weakness of these brave hearted ones, Mabel Warden w would have blushed in a deep humilatiori had anyone known that she had kept .a h bitter fast that day. Little did she, imagine that there was p one person in the house who. shared- this tn ugly secret with her, This was Mrs Bedford. A worthysoul indeed was this old lady, I but, if the ungallant .truth be told, she ti was not over refined; and without meaning g any harm in life, she deemed that Mabel's I few week's arrears in rent warranted her a in becoming objectionbly familiar. . She asked the most embarrassing ques tions, volunteered her advice and made a poor Mabel wince with suggestions for the amelioration of her presumed hard lot. ' What you should get my dear, is a husband, said Mrs Bedford, with a smirk: t ' and many's the man that would jump at the chance of such a wife, and you know it too I . . I ' Ah !I can seeas far as: most persons, c and as you're looking at this present tmo-, ment of speaking. you'd be a wife lit fur a I juke !-which something has put a little colour into your cheeks, that was looking so i white before, and as poor'B. used to say-. e second B. was flute at Ashley's-dreary met that's the first floor ringing; I must go. ' But, really my dear matrimony's the best core for an empty pocket. ' Do'you think I d keep single, although a I'm only a widow, and twice your age-or near that way, for I'm a'most forty'--she was, and had beenany timethese ten years t -' if I wasn't pervided for comfortable? 1 '.Not II ' There's thatbell- agin .: 3 ' Now, come and have a cup o' tea with Sme to-dayin the kitching- -No; thank you,' said Mabel; ' Ihaven'tr dined yet.'. . ... .. ... - S"'Ah! that was true. . * 'Now.do,7forrI want to:give you a.word 'e of .advicewhich eary me! bow.impatient i ti~t? rlif.foor.is !' ; a -i inl Ieriewied and more violenttrinong of eI thebellsent the loquacious landlady flying off, much to the relief of both first and to second floor lodgers. h. Mabel was in great dread of a renewal a ofa Mrs Bedford's gossip, and so she hastily e. put on her walking garments and made ed her way down stnirs, catching up a small enamel brooch from her neatly-kept dress ing table as she left the room. vs As she went along, she rmade up her mind to ask Wilkins, the dealer (for whom i, she had sketched and painted ata price that he a signboard artist would have despised), a loi small'advance in anticipation of a promised order for the next week, ex But when she got to the shop the au- th dacity of the course struck her with its B. fall force, and she walked on. A neighbour of. Wilkins, the picture pi dealer, kept a motley collection of of goods ha in his shop window, jewellery and articles sm of vintu predominating, which appeared to possess considerable attractions to Mabel. *' But'women always have a weaknesa for wa trilkets'and finery, you 'know. Pr While at this window, she took out her arl enamel, brooch and examined it wistfully, ar and then cast a furtive glance at the shop. Anyone who knew her well would have ,wb sajd that shewas having an inward struggle ors about something. And they would have been right.. a She had made up her mind to face an un- ha pleasant job boldly. So she walked to the shop door with a jus quick step, lest her resolution'should falter, ha, and-someone came ont. n Mabel stepped back in confusion. in But why in confusion wo I can't say; but this had destroyed her bac previous resolution. She fidgeted uneasily, and walked to the hi edge of the kerb, where she turned and eyed an the shop and face askance. Why, I can't tell for she knew that the per name over the shop was Atter Lanter and one Co., and that was surmounted by the arms and insignia of the aristocratic tradesmen. cor Three golden balls. Not yet disheartened, however, she went up to the door a second time, and gave an cou anxious glance about her before venturing further, as though she expected all the thi world to be spying on her movements. had Now, by all that was unfortunate, there ate was an individual watching her. A tall, good-looking young man, who all stopped at Wilkins' doorstep as he was en terian tle shop. poi 3.Mbel no sooner caught sight of him by than she bushedpurple to therootsof her an glossy jet hair and quitted Atter Lanter thn and Co. for good. And as she walked home again, how bit terly mortified she looked. in And the reason of this was simply that the gentleman on Wilkins' doorstep was her ki fellow lodger-M-rs Bedford's, First-floor.' Mrs Bedford met her on the doorstep fan with a woefully long face. ' My dear Miss Warden' she said, 'I've la got a bad thing to tell you. They've just made me a call for the queen's taxes, and en they won't wait till to-morrow. I haven't for a shilling in the house-and--' lni And I owe you three weeks' rent," said ta Mabel. I am sorry you should suffer for my recklessness. la (Bless yqu, i know yould pay if you had it' it haid Mrs Bedford, in a voice suggestive col of tears. 'I know you haven't a penny in po the world.' Poor Mabel I She was doomed to have thlt l O?her-woundoreght a* lest ,.. Sihe made no reglyto thde'iandlady, but b went up to her 'oom and locked herelf Sin. . Then she fell on her knees and wept. ' When she cried hei fill, she rose to her feet and staggered, though sheer weakness into. a chair. he A sad, helpless look she gave around her, en and it rested upon an empty cupboard. A loud ring below called her attention. in This would have hardly possessed interest t, enough to divert her from her double sor- fo row of want and wounded pride, had not the gossiping Mrs Bedford schooled her ear te to the different stairs, which now told her that it was the first floor lodger's bell. o And then Mabel blushed until her little shell-like ears tingled again to think that se Mr John Palgrave had seen her in such suspicious proximity to the shop of that aristocratic firm, Atter Lanter and Co. s; A heavy foot was heard on the stairs' ai and it paused just outside Mabel's door, w where a gentle rap was given, and the cheery voice of Mrs Bedford called out- cI ' My dear Miss Warden'-rap, rap-' II want to see you particular. c Mabel looked into her dressing glass at k her red eyes, and paused irresolutely. 1i But a renewed knocking made her comn- t pose herself and open the door with a pre- g tended yawn. tl ' Ah, my dear !' burst in the landlady, p 'been asleep ? How quick you do go off. w How red your eyes are. Such an odd d thing. - The first floor wants you, quite a gent-Mr Palgrave-and that good-hearted, I could think itwas poor B. come to life a again, wants to see you particler. Sent a h polite message.' a Mable was quite staggered by this voluble o address. I But she could only hear one portion of it. c Mr Palgrave wanted to see her, and this was after he had caught sight of her near the disgraceful shop. What could it mean P ' He asked if you'd be so kind as to step d down a" minute. Be said,' rattledon the landlady, ' he said it would be better than b coming up here to see you. Very thought Stul.,wasn't it-quite a gent, and so simple too.' " : '.He's given me five weeksin advance to settle the queen's taxes, and not so much as ask you black and white for it.' r -What does Mr Palgrave want with me '. asked Mabel - . a I can't say, my dear. But I pity the' poor young man-poor young man 1' a At which she first looked demure and I r then giggled. : e 'Will you say that rm not very, well, a Mrs Bedford; that ---' £ ' Oh, now, drop down; do, there's a dear, Sto 'please me.' You're not afraid of the * man ?' . ... . . : h Afraid of him ?-Pm not afraid of any ' one,' was the bold reply. 'If it is to please 'fr you,'I will go, for I owe you soine obliga S.tion.' - . . * : - . .. . .. ' * , She did--three weeks, and thebgbood dl meaning old: land-lady worried her sorely it *upon that account.: ': ". ':- ' " ' " S":Perhape yonu "would -like"'me ti, come wf with you. Do"yoi'think it woiild be imore g proper? Who knows? Though he's a Id born gentleman, and that I will say.' But Mabel declined the offer. il When she knocked at the first-floor door, ly a sharp but musical voice sang out ie 'Come in.' >lU Obeying which command, she found her s- self in John Palgrave's studio. The artist himself was deeply. engaged er over his easel and canvas, but when glanc ing up, he saw his fellow lodger betfOre him, he sprang forward with a mouthful osf apo- v logies. : ''Pon my life, Miss Warden, I'm sorry,' a exclaimed the artist. ' I'm not usually a thorough brute, but I thought itwas a .Mrs . 'B.- a good soul, but will bother one.' e W :While speaking, he threw a black clay pipe from his mouth under the grate, and handed NMabel a chair, doffing his velvet a smoking cap at the same time. * Really, I am exceedingly obliged for y~our goodness, went on the artist.; ald I is want to ask you a very, very great f'avour. Presuming on my privileges as a lb-other artistand a fellow lodger,may I ask h?? you are much occupied at present ?' He was sorry the next minute for this when he saw the auddy glow upon his via it ors Spanish skin, so he hastened to add- - 'I don't mean an impertinence, but I want to beg your service. I shall ? 1 happy to meet you n your own terms. Ii ' The fact is, I hcae a great deal to do I just now-more than I can manage. I 4 have an assistant here" sually for the odds 1 and ends, but the poor ellow is laid p, and a in fact I should look upon any one who es would finish off those three draperies and I ( back gounds as my guardian angel. ' 'I don't mean offence at all. I shall be I s happy to do as much for you another time, and glad of the job. ii This was not exactly true, for at thin '* period John Palgrave wa+fast becoming tt one of the irst portrait painters of his day. g But his purpose was good, and there cording angel surely noted it auvery white ELit gs What could Mabel reply ? ht Her heart was full of gratitude, and her) courage rose once again. ab But withal her thoughts were still upon. or that disgraceful spot where John Palgrave had seen her from the picture dealer's door- P, step. Its She was ready to begin the workat once, r? all eagerness to prove her powers.. w ' This marone curtain,' said the artist,.i lointing to a dark velvet hanging supported 1i by a cord stretched across the room,.and i arranged with an eye to effect, ' vouiwill see that I have already sketched it roughly in.' Is He handed her a palette and brushes, The former be placed on her thumb,.and, in doing so, had to take her hand of course. ho It was icy cold I and he made some kindly remark upon it. There was not the faintest attempt at o; familiarity in the action. Indeed John Palgrave was, as the lad- st lady pronouncad, a perfect gentleman. ye But it was rendered just the least bit embarrassing by the entrance of Mrs Bed- nu ford at this instant with a tray and sleth it laid with something emitting a savory and d, tantalising odor. ea ' Here's the chicking, sir,' said ,the land- hi lady,'and I aope ybu'll come to it while it's hot and sice, and not leave it to get to cold, as you generally do, which it's but a a poor compliment to my cookery.' a At this M1Lsbel rose to leave. But the artist begged her to remain an of sntuti nad nblu.iina_-deeply. ,?lbeal ank back-on'hei seat. " . " P : John Yalgrave eantL Mrs Bedford below upon some errand. ' You'll take a wing with mne, .'liss d Warden he said. - 'I begyou won't refuse. h ' Thank you---- ' a But before she could offer any objection, p he had carved the chicken with an experi- 5 enced hand and placed a plate for her. h The tasty morsel saluted her olfactories in a way which reminded her that the last b time she had eaten was the scanty apology g for a dinner yesterday. She could not resist it. Propriety pro tested, but hunger insisted. It was not right for a girl of nineteen- I and a beautiful girl too-to dine tete-a-tete, upon a first introduction, with a man of seven-and-twenty, and a handsome man too. d But it was not right to starve. t Why, then, sink both considerations, and li sink yourself in the belief, Mabel, that you v accept the invitation as a portion of your wage for the work commenced. I 'A glass of sherry, Miss Warden? Come, t come : no diffidence with a brother artist, I beg. Art knows no sex. I'm not very ceremonious; but that you will forgive, I t know; for I never have intercouse with ladies, save in the profession. Language, i the satirist said, was given to man to dis- e guise his thoughts. Why, then, believe that my roughness of speech covers the t profoundest respect for Miss Warden, which no complaisance upon her part can diminish. ' ii How could Mabel help being at her ease ? Mrs Bedford entered during the meal, and her genial old face ltup when she saw her ' second door' discussing the liver'wing, and she declared that it did the heart of ' one good to see it as had had troubles of her own, a speech which was only suffi. ciently lucid to send the colour into Mabel's s cheek. r And John Palgrave, with much delicacy,' P asked her if she had anything by her to P dispose of; for instance, anything similar a to that pair of hunting etchings that he a had seen in Wilkins' shop. She had. e Then, perhaps, he could find a better market for them than she could. o Old Wilkins was a skinflint. I A pound for the pair. Monstrous I Why,' old Wilkins was asking twelve guineas, for them. Aye, and would get it easily. He mixed her colours for her, and stood d by'her side for a time, throwing in a word of advice here and there in the kindest '1, would not under rate Mabel's talent, r for6 she was fully competent for her ie task. SBut she was more 'accustomed.: to the y pencil e than the brush, and. the superior s mutelligence of John Palgrave showred \- itself in evtery word that he spoke. with such care not to offend. . If the troth be told, it was a lesson for ly Mabl, and one she was jaaid well for too;? foir, wh' "dusk.' me on, John Palgrave s hbaided her a ',five-poutid n6te in the most r ibuin~;i s-like wa' y in the world. "' a ' I would prefer to earn it first,' said Mabel. 'I beg your pardon. Sorry to disoblige r, a lady; but it as the custom with me. I am paid an instalment on account, and so I prefer to deal. Will you give me a ir- receipt? I always like receipts. I'm a strict business man.' ed The result of this the lady reader must cforesee. How could it end but in a parson and a. wedding ring. John Palgrave I have said, was seven and-twenty. Let me add that he stood five feet ten inches in his socks, and was as broad-chest ed a Saxon at this stature as you willimeet. He had a handsome fair face ; a frank and smiling blue eye, light brown, curling hair, and wore a thick moustache. In many respects henwas far from realis ing the conventional notion of an artist. le was very cleanly in his habits, neatin his person, and aped no eccentricities of dress. They saw each other with artists' eyes, and admired each other. It could not have been otherwise. John Palgrave discovered this long be fore Mabel, in spite of all that has been said about the superior perspicacity of I women in these matters; for when one evening that dusk put an end to their labours in the studia, John Palgrave a surmured the hymeneal proposition in her a r, and Mabel, in response, fell weeping up on his bosom (why will women weep wh en they are happy F), the artist told her 5, Do you remember that receipt for the fi?- sound note, Mabel darling?' he said, i W" n I saw yon write it, I thought how the =i tograph would grace a marriage re giste, ' near mine. -??. Mabel could scarcely believe in the great . y which hadso suddenly come upon her. 'flow can you make such an offer?' said she, r'Ia wing nothing of my connections, or of me.' ' lulrw all-everything,' iterated John Palgravs, r apturously; 'all that I care to ntaow. TY u arean angel, Mubel ; and that noble hbest would accept no man's love it was not -an thy to wear.' 'That es ifidence would make any life happy." They wvae wed; and their honeymoon lasted four yes rs. Four years o f.inunterrutped bliss. As much hap Sineas as it is the lot of the happiest m.ati s to have. One long bece ymoon. I don't say tha. t it ceased then, but I skip over these four ye 'ars, as they have been married that time when I resume their story, and after tL tat. you must judge for yourselves. And now, ofter a 11 this time. they have not yet sunk into " mere man and wife," as somebody says in the "School for Scan dal." for, in truth, I bel.eve that they love each other even bett, er than when they knelt together at the: altar. . A great trouble had' drawn them eloser together, for, when Jol in Palgrave became a rather, Mabel's life hI leg by a thread-for a long and bitter time. Now, when they lists ned to the prattle of their child,they were more 'than repaid for , tthesir auaemnq.. ;bLt± 'Thn I'a sxem' prayed fervently--that hLis darling's lifo might never be imperillett more. The smooth current of( their lives ms destined to be ruffled, an m~-.y be'gueeeed,se here would have been an end to my story ;. and the events which form the remarkable portions of Mabel's career, began by a singular domestic episode in the Palgrave's home, at once puzzling and startling. Mabel was reading the " Times" after breakfast one morning, when suddenly Pal grave caught the sound of a half-suppres sed sigh or gasp, and looking up, he saw. that his wife had sunk back in her chair, with the paper covering her face-one glance nt whose deathly bus told him she had fainted. When she recovered her senses, she shud dered a little, bnt could give no explana tion of the phenomenon to her husband; she had turned suddenly faint without any warning- nothing more. Palgrave wanted to have in their doctor, but Mabel firmly refused, and he was forced to give way. Had nothing in the paper alarmed her ? She cast her eyes down, and replied in the negative. I think I may say that this was the first; falsehood which had passed Mabels' lips since she had known John Palgrave. But the frank-hearted artist would have thought as soon of doubting his own as his wife's veracity. From that morning, Mabel sat upon thorns; and solely because she had read amongst thelist of arrivals from Quebec by " The Great Mogul" the name of Percy Broderip, Esquire. Three days after this, a small scrap in the L Herald" in which this same name was mentioned, caught her attention. It was headed ' GAnLIaes ExTRAooDINA. y. - Mr Percy Broderip, the Canadian millionaire, who is a regular frequenter of Crockford's (where of late he has had a run of fortune that would have looked suspicious for one of less unspotted reputotion than lfr P.B.),. had last night the distinguished honour of playing with, and winning of a certain august personage, well-known at. - this fashionable resort, no less than ten thou-. spnd pounds at. chicken hrzard-a case without parallelin modern gaming records.' M: r Percy Bronerip arrived on the l;lth. aned on the 15th, he was a 'regular fre frequenter' of the fashionable gaming den. When a man has earned the title of a millionaire, any public establishment, is 1 glad to clasm him as a constant visitor. SMabel read this through thoughtfully, and then went up to a mirror, and ex aiminee herself with a critical eye: She Shad not the amount of vanity that her .beauty would have warranted; she wsa r simply endeavouring to. see what chanige the last six or seven years had worked in 1 her. h She found herself but little altered, as far as her recollection could aid heri, for like rmany women. of her.complexion, she had ; looked old, for sixteen, at that age, but Sgrlish fdrthieec and twenty now, :. t 'Agentie- siuiiua ts Mr Palg?ee,' said a doniestic, enteriig just then. d 'Heis out.' ' Yes, ma'am. But I told him that you are in.' S' I don't wish to see any one this morning. io No matter, show the gentleman into the studio. I will see him.' S She hadbeen slightly agitated when the servant entered, but now composing her it self, she descendaed and went to the visitor ,He was a stout, thickset man of the mid dle height, with a face bronzed with travel butfwith the pallor of ,dissipation ;showin through his sunburnt skin.'He wore a long beard of dark brown, in Which here and there hard life had sprinkled a few prema ture grey, hairs. As Mabel entered, he made her a bow without looking at her, and said 'Sorry to trouble you, madam, but I w ,at MrPalgrave tomake me a copyof a m: liature.' Here he produced a small portrait, painted upon ivory, and set in bril liants, which he laid upon the table. A glance at this told her that itwas the like ness of the' first gentleman in Europe.' '1 want a copy of this at once,' said the visitor, ' for I have taken it in pawn for a debt of honor from a certain person who shall be nameless-and here is another I want copied too, but that can wait; it's not so important.' As he spoke he produced .a second mi niataire on ivory and similai in size to the other, but with no brilliant setting. As he laid it beside the first, his hand shook so, that he knocked the two to gether. He seemed to be conscious that he was not worthy to stand in the presence of a lady, for he never once raised his eyes, but steadying his trembling hand with an effort he pushed the miniature towards her. She picked up the portrait and gave a startled cry. It was lerself. The visitor looked up in surprise, and fixed a pair of bloodshot eyes upon her. They looked in each other's faces/ for a second, and then their recollections, carried them back into the past. and both gave mutual signs of recognition. But oh, how differently did they feel upon the matter. The visitor gave a long shrill whistle to express his astonishment, while Mabel staggered back against the wall for sup port, looking the very picture of terror. 'Percy-- " / 'Percy Broderip, if you please Mabel Vere. SHush' Hush ! for mercys-ake hush !' Arid the artist's wife glanced about her as though in fear of her very' life, CHAP'TER IIL Mabel'. visitor had at first appeared not a little cisconcerted himself. But her perturbation gaye him time for reflection. 1 And reflection put him fat his ease. He went through a kind of mental argu ment, and musing he grew reassured. ' You're not looking any the worse for wear, Mabel,' said Percy Blroerrip. 'Time hits softened your beaiuty without im pairing it at all. Mabel made no reply, She stood there, looking silently down upon he floor. The first great shock of surprise over, she was dumfounded. All her strength, all her power of thought was as it were, pai'alysed for. the time teing. The silence lasted nearly a minute, and grew unpleasant. The visitor evidently felt this, for he made a visible effrt fo break it. "HIaven't you got a word'for me after these long years of separation ?' No answer. A shade of displeasure crossed his face, and brief as was his expression, there was a depth of viciousness in it rarely seen. ' Not a ?word' for. auld'lang syne, Mlabol Vere. HIer cheek blanched with fear again at that name, ant she held her hands up in Spiteous andl fploring manner. ' Not a word, for mercy's sake !' she ex- claimed; looking fearfully towards the door. "You are not afraid of hearing me speak, surely," said he. "I fear no one hearing my nusiness-why- should I? ' Bt?t it elicited no response from Mabel. She was ab.orbed in an effort to collect herthoughts,mand a vain endeavour to face a great danger, which had unexpectedy sprung up. Percy Broderip was not taken off his guard to the same extent as Mabel, and he saw that the chance meeting, which at first, for reasons that may hereafter trans pire, he had regarded with apprehension, was likely to be turned to good account. But for this it required careful treatment. Here was fresh work for that busy, scheming brain. Work of the nature, too. most congenial to his taste, for it was a. dangerous game that be contemplated. and the excitement consequent oii the danger was a welcome stimulant to the blase gambler. He stared at her, as if expecting her to break the long, oppressive silence, and presently, when it evidently grew uncom fortable, he crossed his legs, lolled back in his chair, and said, with a wish to appear at his ease ' Well, so you have nothing to asik, no thing tender to impart, Mabel?'--a pause. 'Well, I won't bother you long. 'It was never said of Percy Broderip, whatever scandals the evilly-disposed chose to circulate about him, that he forced his. society on any man or 'woman breathing ' another pause. ' You haing rnothing to say ? Very good, I'll go.' lHerose. 'Good bye, Mabel.' He held out his hand; but she did not see it, or.was it that she affected to ignore it? .He 'drew' his own "inferences, and they were not flattering to himself. A slight shade of displeasure again crossed his fae,' and, those slight shades did not add.to Percy Broderip's good looks. S'Irm gone,' he said, moving towards the door, ' and when next I come, I hope I Smay be. a more welcome visitor. 3it be fore I go, let me tell uo tlihat I iam not pleased with 'my :reception: Men I ? hinow, areprovehrbially inconstant, hut I learn .now for the first time, that the softer sex.ican change their fancies and their feelngs ase easily as a' garment. :, . . Well,' he added, with' a forda sigh, 'I shall not break my hearit overit; - Such an old, ld s-tory.' : :': SHere lie: made a step towards her;, hold ..ing.outhishand; ":: . Bshe stepped forwiard :she dier.aw ack and seeing the epression: of alarm :upo S.her. bountenance, evidently with the idea of increasing lier fears he Seized hlier hand: At thisn:jincturethere'?ds a blud knock : ing at the stfeetdodor' anid, Mabel Spriang back in:the greatest a?fright. A:' moient more and the door belo~iwas opened.; The cheerful voice of John Palgravewas heard at the foot of the stairs, and then up ran the artist three stairs at a stride.' Mlabel staggered back, 'catching at the edge of the table for support. Her cheeks blanched with terror again. The artist bounded into the room. 'Mabel, my love-' Then seeing Mr Percy Broderip, he stop ped short in some confusion andbowed. - 'This gentlemaa,'said Mabel, recovering herself slightly,' with a very considerable effort,' this gentleman is Mr Percy----' The two miniatures lay upon the table, and, as the visitor glanced towards them, John Palgrave stretched out his hand to take one up. "Not that one,".said Mr Percy Brode rip, recovering his presence of mind in the very nick.of time, and withdrawing it quickly, "but this." Had John Palgrave been a little quicker, or Percy Broderip -a little slower, the artists eyes would hL.ve been openel ; the series of complications, heartburnings, jealousies, hopes and fears which followed would have been avoided. True, he would have received a shock that was for the present deferred; but that would have been slight indeed com pared to the result of it in later days. What little effect the manner of his wife and the stranger might have had upon him was forgotten in.the miniature before him; for, at a glance, John Palgrave recognised the well-known handsome features of the personage known as the linest gentleman in Europe. Mr Broderip noticed his surprise, and with his wonted quick wittedness, he saw that this was an easy escape from what he felt at first to be an embarrassing posi tion. ' You know the face?' he said, sinking his voice in the manner which indicates thesharing of an important secret, and so carries an implied compliment with it. ' I guessed you would,' he added; and that is the reason why I came to a gentle man of your eminent position for a copy of the miniature. I should not care to trust the matter to any ordinary hands. John Palgrave bowed. 'You flatter me, sir.' I speak after my convictions, without exaggerating in the least,' persisted the visitor, seriously. Palgrave smiled deprecatingly; but, not wishing to provoke further flattery, he drew the conversation to the subject of Mr Broderip's visit. ' This is on ivory,' ' And I should wish the copy to be on ivory also.' ' MIounted like this ?' 'Yes,' was the reply; ' a fac- simile in every respect.' ' Very good.' ' When can I have it ?' 'In two or three days.' 'If in two days, I shall be very grate ful, for the original may be out of my pos session in that time.' ' There will be no difficulty in the mat ter.' ' Let me see,' said Mr Broderip,' today is Tuesday ; on Thursday,- then, I will call.' ' All;w met to sena'lit · ' No, I'll call,' said Mr Broderip, quickly; 'Thursday, at this time. ' Mr Palgrave, your servant.' They bowed, and the visitor vanished. ' Evidently a travelled man,' said Pal crave .to himself,. when he was alone. ' Tmoavl only ,gives?; -man that 'etaao and polish, and that kindly courtesy which dis-, tineuishes this aMr---r-what name ?' lie picked up hisllate visitor's card from the table. : ' Percy Broderip' ! - Well, he's a gentle man in every sense of the word. I'll vouch for that much, notwithstanding our very slight acquaintance.' And John I. algave was an observer. The world of art was at this period never tired of sounding John Palgrave's praises. He was, in fact, the sensational man of his day. But he was exceedingly modest upon the score of his professional reputation, and had really 'no idea of the extent of his fame. But he piqued himself not a little upon his keenness as a judge 'of his fellow-men. So it is. We find men daily priding themselves upon qualities they are totally wanting in, and ignoring their real vocations in life. - John Palgrave was' enchanted with his new patron. Well, let him enjoy his good opinion' for the present ! ' ' . Let us wish, in the artist's own interest, that his opinion may remain long un changed. He walked into the'adjoining room, and. there he saw his wife. Mabel was sitting in a chair, looking vacantly down upon the floor. ' He's gone,' began Palgrave. Mabel started so suddenly that it startled him. - " What is the matter, my love ?' he said, anxiously. ' Nothing,' replied Mabel, trembling, and in evident, confusion. ' I didn't hear you come into the room -nothing more.: I was thinking.' ' You don't seem well,' said her husbanhd anxiously. ' Has anythin occurred toiup set you : 'No, nothing. I was thinking, nothing 'more,' she added,' hurriedly.' 'You were. sayin tr- ' What an agreeabl''man 'Mr"Broderip is.. Don't you think so, my love'P' Mabel made no answer. ' You spoke to hiim,'persisted Palgrave, whose sole thoughts appeared to be en gRrossed with the late visitor. Y Ies,' .she answered absently?... • ''You don't'appeiar to care for him,' said Palgrave, with just a shiide 'of irrita-, tionin hi??-is .' manner. :' : Beforeshes' dddld afisiwer theie- was a Iniock, and a seirvai?t~ enteired witi a iote. Palgrave held oit his haidd'fdor it. ' 'For 3lrsPalgrave,' said the.servanit. Mabeltdok'the letter, and i' she reeoo dis'ed the handwriting of the supersription, she changed colour. S'Mr-Percy: Brodiiip did. not leave the hoise when he' qhiitted Johh Palgrave'a presence. -'. 'He stopped in th 'hall 'below stairs to think, and, as he xpdeased hinselfiimen tally,' To pull himself tocether a bit. , '- Close t the atreet door was the library, 'which seivedd the daible piurpose ~f~ti ting room'for the' fashioinableaitist's numdinerous visitors. Here Mr Broderip entered with his ac customed coolness, and wrote'a hasty:hite. He read it over lialf-aloud.: , 'I amtwaiting here to know if you will call upon me at my chanibers by eleven to mborrow' morning. If you decline. I shall ask Mr Palgrave to give his consent. An swer by the bearer.' He rang the hand-bell Which stood upon the table, and a maid-servant answered the summons at once. .' Take this to your. mistress,' he said coolly, ' and bring me the answer. Mind your mistress-not Mr Palgrave., . ' Yes, sir, certainly, sir, with pleasure,' responded the girl with alacrity. Her suddein zeal in the matter was occa sioned by the postage of the letter being franked with half-a-crown. Mr Broderip waits for some little time in silence... Anyone who knew. him. intimately could see plainly enough that through. the sham coolness of his exteribr, he was very an xious'for a successful issue to his last bold stroke-very anxious indeed i and this was shown by his restless looks, his nervous gnawing of his lips and the fidgety tattoo he beat upon the floor with his rigl t foot. At length he could control his impatience no longer. He rose and adjusted his cravat care fully by the mirror over the chimney-this by the way of informing himself more than anything else that he was not anxious to be in the street-and then lounged indo lently towards the door. Here a heavy footstep was heard. and Percy Broderip looked a little bit uneasy. The door handle turned, and as he step ped back to prepare' against all emergen cies, the servant entered. Mr Broderip blew his nose loudly. 'Well ?' 'Very good, sir.' ' Your mistress says- ' ' That is all her answer, sir.' Very good.' . Isee.' And Mr Percy Broderip passed into the street. What a young elephaut that girl is. I thought for certain that it was the.artist himself-that the whole job had exploded. 'It wouldn't have been pleasant either to meet that Palgrave. I should have been compelled to do him a little damage in spite of myself, and just after doing the civil. Precious awkward. The great question now is will she come ? Bah I of course she will-she must. So thought Mabel Palgrave herself. She must. CHAPTEIt V. Robed in a long dressing-gown, of as many colours as Joseph's coat in holy his tory, Mr Percy Broderip lounged upon a softly padded couch. His raven locks were kept down by a natty smoking cap of purple satin, embroi dered with gold thread, and he held be tween his lips the amber mouthpiece of a Turkish hookah. He sucked at the hookah intermittently with a visible air of abstraction, and watched the thin blue wreaths of smoke curling up to the ceiling, his thoughts being the whole tine engrossed] by, the subject of his late adventure. l . He knit his brow and pondered and cud ;elled his brains. But all to no particular purpose. lrood over it al he ould, he could come Lo no dlfnicto remult. Hle had an excellept memory, but it would not serve him now. 'Is it in England ? No, surely. But where ?' he muttered, abstractedly. ' Per haps at Ems or Baden, in the rooms.' 'Bah !' he exclaimed presently, with an impatient jerk, ' what does it matter ? The name is not familiar, so it is evident that it can't be a subject of very great interest to me. John Palgrave-Palgrave! 'No, there is not the faintest ring in that tame to recall anything of the past.' He lolled back, toying with the amber nouthpiece of the hookah, buried in thought. Presently an old-fashioned clock on the fhimineypiece struck up a musical chime. It was a costly article of virtu which Mr lroderip had purchased only the day before st an extravagant price, so that the chime sad not yet lost its novelty. It was Louis XVI in style, with two movable panels in front, The panels were of Sevres china, with an Arcadian landscape, and a Watteau shepherd and shepherdess delicately painted on them. As the chime struck up, the panels turned on pivots, and two china figures, models of the paintings, issued gravely from their respective entrances, each hold ing a crook capped with a ribbon and wreath. Arrived at the limit of. their promenade the figures gracefully saluted each other; and then, as you were preparing to see them go through a minuet, they as gravely retreated, and were seenno more,... ; Bonjour, begere,' said Mr Broderip, Salute, berger., A typical representation of Mabel and her Percy.. A passage on the scene as fleeting, too. But they'll ap pear again in an hour, and go through their ceremony again and again, even as Mablel and her Broderip. How strange it was, that meeting. Fatalists would see soniething more significant in.it than mere chance.. But the world is so .small, so small that' we must. continually, rub shulders in this ways 'He put by his hookah, and rose to stretch his legs: . - . : .. 'After walking three or four times up and down, he stopped before the clock. . It's time. she was here,' :he said. Time: was when she was more punctual. Why dosoen't she come 'll give he;ir ten iihutes more.' Mr PercytBroderip, was. not a ifrank man.. , "::', I He eiidelivoured to convince himself that'thbe coming of his expected visitor was a.matter of indifference to him;' But the wayilse watched ithe clock told itsowntale. .. : .. " Wliei the'ten minutes were up, he pre teiided to' thinkhe had forgotten the limit he had fixed.., ' , ''"r !:c , ! :But'i hen an hour had.pnssed, he broke tliough the silence of' twenty minutes witi an impatient, not to say vulgar, ejac ulation- . 'Sh'll not come ,'he,?eclaimed.. Shd promised oinly'to get rid! of me. The fool I: abshe mistakes .her man if she thinks to play tricks withi meoim that way . ; i , He rang and a man-servant appeared. 'Bring me my coat, O'Dwyer., ' Yes, sir.' S'Stop,take my dressing gown.' f 'Yes, sir. Will you.have your brown coat - " No, dark blue. Be quick.' ' Yes, sir,'/" " I'll teach her' muttered Mr Percy Broderip to himself. ' She shall. pay for attempting to fool me. That's it,' he added to his valet, who at that 'moment re-en tered. ' Boots, .quick ! There, there, I can put on my coat without assistance boots, c~mfound you!' The man, used to his master's basty:and imperious temper, put something out of his hand on to the table, and retreated hastily from the room, and reappeared in a trace with the coat. He wanted no second to spur him into quickness' but held the garment up for his master to slip his arms in, and as Mr Broderip lunged out his hands to bring down his ligen shift cgffe,,l htouched the letter on the table, for a lett?i wEii that O'Dwyer had brought in and put down without a word. ' What's this?' said Mr Broderip. 'The letter I brought, sir.' His master oplened .it, and'scanned it through with very little interest' for he was thoroughly engrossed in the thoughts of the visitor expected, and who had failed him. But as he read on, a word or two caught his attention, and induced him to recommence. It was as follows: *'DEAR SI--I regret that a sudden and unexpected call from town will prevent my immediate attention to your miniature, but I hope that this will occasion you no annoyance, and beg to tender you my best services upon any future occasion should you not be able to grant me a few day's delay at present. "Faithfully yours. "JOHN PALOGRAVE,. Mr Percy Brodetip threw the letter down with a puzzled air. ' What does that mean ?' he said to' himself. ' Is it bona fide. or is it a ruse to throw dust in my eyes ? Has he dis covered anything ? Has she been fool enough to tell him anything? Surely not.' He picked up the letter again, and turned it over and over. And as he did so, be saw something which had hitherto escaped him. Upon the outside of the letter were written two words in pencil, ' unavoidably detaiaed.' lIia face brizhtened at this. ' She didn't mean tricks, then,' he said. 'I thought that she would not have for gotten who she had to deal with so very soon.' Then, with the air of a man who has made up his mind, and is not displeased with his own acumen, he drabbed on his hat in a jaunty manner, and called for his cane and gloves.' 'I think that brown coat suits me best, after all, O'Dwyer,' said AMr Broderip, throwing a glance at himself in the glass as he' left the room. -I'm morally sure of that samie,' re sended the ge tleman' gentleman,' if I n~ight ve'ntiiuri ojsinio B'Any orders sir?' ' None.' / " There were actuallih indications of a smothered giggle a?N ,r Porc iBrodsi~et's voice as he ans s v`'Oa -.. r no used, ibi ' None,' repeated r Broderip, evidently conscious of his pehuliar manner. 'I shall be home b'--by-I can't say what time;- perhaps very late.' His gentleman looked after his retreating form with a puzzled air. Hoe ran to find the gorgeous dressing gown, and ransacked the pockets. He read every scrap of writing he could find. But he could discover absolutely nothing. 'That's a rum start, anyhow,' muttered Mr O'Dwyer, scratching his lavishly-5po matumed locks for an idea. 'I should have suspected that letter of being a billet doux, but for the masculine writing. Sure they'd never have the infamy toput a man's writing outside for the sake of baffling a poor fellow's legitimate curiosity ?' It was no invention of John Palgraves'. Ile was suddenly summoned into War wickshire to the deathbed of a relative, and very much more important business than any which he now had in hand would have failed to keep him from such a call. Mabelsaw her husband go with mingled emotions. At a first glance she was pleased to be away from his 'watchful eye at such a moment, for the meeting with Broderip had upset her not' a little. But, on the other hand, the thought of being alone alarmed her. Her thouhtswere continually reverting to that painful subject, and her husband's jealous care could not fail to observe 'her mental abstraction; 'You're not well, my love,' said he, as he badeher good-bye. ' ' Yes, John dear, indeed I am" He looked wistfully into her face, and her eyes dropped before his gaze. 'Sure ?' 'Sure.' ' Then I am forced into another con clusion,' said the artist.: - . '?What conclusion, my dear ?' she de" manded, with just a shade of nervousness in her voice. - . ' That- you- have something on your mind.' ,; Never think that dear': . SHaven't you;·then ?: .'No.' -: There is nothing troubling you thatyon might- confide' in me ?: he persisted, still neeringlanxiously:inio her face. "This washard.. :.r: : Mabel was ? truthful .gir and an hoidnt \--She had never b1en guilty"of a deliberate falsehood, and it was a s ortirial td her'tb make'him she loved best in the whble wide world isfalse'afisver.' : ! "' ' Doubly-trebly hard did it come at : moment when they: were about to lbe tem .piorarily separated. :': "0 . ' But she' must perforce swallow lhelr scruples as muinich for his: sake as h'er own, and so she gave him an answelr calclates to reassure him upon her naccount. '1 'Now JohnI Palgrave, upon his side, felt a' sensation: oif:instinctive dread;, ?pite of her assurances; albeit, he never :d~ubted hetfor an instant;, and he dallied about his departure so long that she missed the eon gagement she had so, dreaded to keep, andl he missedhis coach. , This: led to the series ofi accidents of which-I am about to speak: , -. At length, however; he was gone. Mabel insisted upon accompanying him to the coach, to which he had to drive rather more than a mile, but -:Palgrave would not hear of it. 'Parting is not sweet sorrow; smy dear, he said gently. *I disagree with the, im mortal swan in to- to there. There is no thing sweet about it, and the sooner it is over the better, say I.' Away went John Palgrave, in time to see the coach off, yet.not soon enough to hail it to stop for him. And so it fell out that, being too late he But L am going too fast. What the result was of missing the coach you will see if you have patience to' read on -a little further. Not very long after John Palgrave's de pafture a visitor arrived.',. IHe had curly locks of raven black, sup porting a hat cocked jauntily on. H/is coat was dark blue, his gloves white buckskin ; his cane, a malacca, with a deal of gold-thread tassel ; 'and his 'name was Percy Broderip. He rat-tatted at the door with a self satisfied air ; and waited. You had generally to wait at this door, and some of Palgrave's friends said it was a wonder his portraits ever had a good tempered expression, as all visitors were worked into a fury at being kept at the door. It did not work Mr Percy Broderip into a fury. He gradually lost his jaunty air, and his expression changed until by degrees his face wore a look of anxiety. He knocked again. Then there was a sudden rush and a scuffle in the passage within. The visitor hesitatedaow what to do. Should he stay and see the matter through, or retreat precipitately. He did not like the latter course, yet he felt very much inclined to adopt it. But what then P Should he at once relinquish all the hopes and all the schemes which his busy brain hadbeen hatching for the past day or so? ' No, ' Perish the thought I' he said to himself, and fancied himself a sort of King Dick on a small scale. Bunt even as he was swaggering mentally, he was about to turn tail ignominiously and make off, when the door opened. "Who did you want, sir ?" asked the servant. But then, suddenly remembering his face, the girl asked him in, with an apology. 'Mr Palgrave has left London, sir ; he may be away some little time, I believe. Mrs Palgrave is in.' The servant paused, asif expecting some question to result from this. The visitor said nothing, but walked in pastthe servant and went upstairs. And all as leisurely asif John Palgrave's house belonged to him. The servant was inclined to be surprised at first, but the coolness of the visitor made herpass it over asquite a natural proceed mag. . SFacing.the stiars upothe first floor was the room in which he hod seen the artist's wife upon the occasion of his late memor ablei?? . - In to IthLs npnrtmont L _topo __,'\withouat knocking at the door, toaind himself alone. e' was a little disap ointed at this, for he hoped to:find Mrs Palgrave there. As she was not . there, he sat himself down to wait. iHe had to wait forsome time lonoer than he had anticipated, and so he came to the end of his patience. ' Perhaps she doesn't know I am here,' he said to himself, ' or is it that she hardly likes to face me? Perhaps she has just gone out to avoid me. WVhat a fool am! I.ought to hare listened for her.' But lie waited a little longer. No doubt, he thought, she was in the house-perhaps dressing to receive him. If so, it would not do to appear too eager in the matter. But he could not control his eagerness, do what he would. It boiled over within him, and with a half-smothered ejaculation, he made a dash at the bell-rope, and with one tug, he brought it away in his bound. 'Confound the bell l' he exclaimed, and and flew to the other side of the chimney piece. Another jerk brought the second .rope away. Dashing it down to the ground, he stamped up and down the room in a per= feet fury. a pe She is playing the fool with me!' he said, grinding his teeth;' but I'll have, her down if I raise the house. It pursiuance of his amiable intention he strode to the door; but before he coild open it.:the handle was diraged from hi:bhand, and the artist's wife faced hiin. They were both rather startled, Mabel the more so of the two . .. . .She was, however, the first to recover herself.' :But he felt he looked foolish, and: so it made him very vexed-not to say savage. * ' Take a seat yourself, Mabel,' said he, with an effort at self-control--a .very visibleecffort it was too, ' and let us get to 'business.'. ' Mabel sat down. Mr Percy' Brioderip loiuiped back in his chair. A dead silence reigned in the ooom? The visitorawined ori aftfected to vawn, never thinkinig of the singsular contrast his abrupt indifference presented with, the very brisk invitatiobn to biisiness' which he hadissued only a second previousy.' ' It was ai eimbar?assig pause. " Mabel.'glaned: up furtively,:i d the visitor was jst eyeing' her askance at'the self s~amid: inoment, and 'so their eyes miet. ' And both glances fell in some. confubion. The sileide now bedame embarrassing?, and :Peicy Broderip made a rather des perate effEort to break it. ' " .. 'Singiuar :chaince that: broight is to gether ajainhe venitiued. r His desperation, you see, meanlit a very mild opening ; diad, in pbint 'of fict, this was 5despemstini;, for behibahdd.' intended openin' with a very great 'lourish 'tb. carry 'alibef~ire him. ?'' . SHer tesponse?wis no les mild than his spead~ch, and it tenided not ii little tdo di-. 'concert the visitor. i He fidgeted in his chair for awhile. and then.nsed his handkerchief with violence. 'Very singular meeting, ours,' he ven 'tured'to say, presently. -', More so to me than you may have sup posed.' She was struggling mentally to subdue her emotion, and was forced to jerk out her speech in short paragraphs. The news of your death had never been contradicted. For me, you had been dead and buried nearly two years.' 'So long I'. exclaimed the visitor, ele vating his eyebrows. Yes:.' 'Better than I had thought then,' said the visitor, as if holding mental commu nion. Two years is a long time; it puts -the matter in a much better light-a more moral one, in fact. Two years! Why it's quite a period, quite long enough to be maid, wife and widow, and wife again. Although-' He drew up short, and surveyed her very steadily. She understood what he meant, and hastened to reply. ' I might have waited for proof ?' ' Well, yes.' " I did. SNot very conclusive.' \- Most conclusive,' she exclaimed,' most convincing.' ' I am glad to hear that.' But his manner said as clearly as pos sible, ' convincing for people who meet conviction half way.' ' I read of it in the newspapers, and that man you made your friend and confidant came and told me the whole story.' 'What man? My friend and confi dant ?' ' Barrs.' Barrs my friend and confidant I' iterated ir Percy Broderip. ' 'You cannot think what rubbish you are telling me. Barrs was my servant-a hireling who cost me dear, and who, I had reason to find out, grossly deceived and robbed me. Barrs ' he exclaimed, lifting his voice and appeal ing to the ceiling. ' That really is too much I' ' What do you mean by too much ?' ex claimed Mabel, with a dash of impatience. 'Do you mean to insinuate---' 'Nothing,' interrupted IMr Broderip, with irritating coolness. 'Only your pre tended reliance upon any assertion which Barrs may have made induces me to- ' He paused. 'To what ?' ' To disbelieve the whole.' Mabel looked terrified at this. ' Is it possible you can think me so base P' she ejaculated. ' What, in your past ex perience of me, has induced you to think me capable of acting in such a way? What leads you to suppose me capable of a falsehood?' 'I can't say much more than the present state of affairs, which I think is quite suffi cient proof for any reasonable being; and as for thinking you capable of falsehood why, that is the natural result of the rest.' l ?'oel was literally dumbfounded at the cool insolence of the attack. . For some seconds she was utterly incap able of replying. Presently an idea occurred to her. ' You do not know that Barrs brought m. the certificate of yo.isr death, all in orders cunt _ .V,. ?a.'y?Ir ravn----or the \ .f3r Percy Brederip nodded his head gravely as she went on talking, as if he were mentally dividing her.explanation into sec tions. 'Not wanting in plausibility,' saidthe to the ceiling; ' the point of the narrative, however, I take to be the boldness of the invention; and, really, if I were only as easily convinced as my worthy hostess, I ehould accept all as gospel. It is to be re gretted,' he added with a supercilious smile, 'that the knockiug about the world I have undergone has rendered me slightly scep tical.' Mabel's indignation at the insolence of his manner overpowered her for a while. 'Do you mean that you do not believe ?' she demanded. ' It may not be polite to put it so plainly,' said the visitor, ' but I certainly do not believe a single word you have uttered.' J Mastering her indignation with the ut most difficulty, Mabel retorted by attacking him vigorously. \- 'Nothing but death could excuse your long silence. In acknowledging it to be all a base trick, you brand yourself with in famy.' This was a staggerer. But his blood was up as well as hers, and he retorted no less hotly ' When you have proved all you hint at -which is impossible, inasmuch as a simple explanation can prove its falsehood-I should be pointed out as an offender against the laws of society, an offence morally lowering in the eye of good-living folk; but mine would not be a criminal offence.' .Mabel started. Then she felt the serpent's tooth indeed. . Do you mean to say that I- ' She could not conclude, but cowered be fore him, covering her eyes with her hands. Then, for the first time, Mr Percy Bro "derip felt himself master of the situation, and he' smiled grimly upon. the shrinking girl before him. He had no weak minded sensations of pity to cross.his purpose, and the helpless ness of the artist's wife had the sole effect of making him hug himseff with delight at his success. " It was hard fortune indeed to fall into the power of Mr Percy Broderip. "The first great shock"produced by his words being over, Mabel's thoughts flew back t6' her past career. SShe scanned over. the happiness of her wedded life, the joy of being mated to so ioble-hearted a husband as John Palgrave of the swift yet easy way in which the past two years had glided by,' Until it came to this full stop. ' She looked onward in fear and tremblln'. I The future was blank and drear indeed HIer own life a wreck; the happiness ol thobse'whlowere dearest to hear swept away atit onea'fell'swopo " -: She heaved a heavy _?sigh that told. of a heiart ready to snap. SThezishe burst into a flood of bitter tears. ' .......... \- Mr Prcy Broderip looked iomplacently on. . SSofarfiommovig the vister from any thing as~lroichingj oompassionsiit gave him cause for a certain feelingof satisfaction. ' We shall be able to come to business after that,' he said to himself. ' Women are more reasonable after a bit of a cry. When he made this reflection, he little knew whatwas the true cause of her bitter grief. Had he been able to divine that, he might not have felt so-sure of finding her "more reasonable,'- as he understood it in the present instance. Now as he sat musing in this way, his glance dropped again upon Mabel, and remained there, it occurredto him that it was really a fair form, and something moved him to a little advance, in which there was a faint tinge of warmth. 'Come, come, Mabel,' he said, 'there isnothing-or rather there should be no thing in meeting me again after long years to make you unhappy.' He attempted to take her hand. But she shrank affrighted from his touch. ' Stand hack I' she exclaimed, in great excitement. ' Don't touch me.' ' Hullo I' ejaculated Mr -Percy Broderip, ' here's a storm in a teacup. ý Why, what is the matter, my coy one ?' Now, if the speaker had been wisein his generation, he would certain:y havelmown that he was not going the right way to work to compass his ends in the present matter. His coarseness, not to say brutality, of his observations and general demeanor, were ill calculated to act in a favorable mauner with her. He never had been possessed of any wit, although a certain amount of low cunning had marked his conduct in most of his transactions. Time had cestainly not improved him in this particular. He had left her a girl, little more than a child in years and experience alike. He found her a woman in both. He was utterly incapable of gauging such a character as here. While she possessed this decided advan tage over him, she was by rapid degrees having her eyes opened as to his real nature. During the past few years she had often reflected upon that' bad old time,' and had put many and many a question toherself concerning this man, and although vague doubts had crossed her, she had never come to any definite result. Now she began to see him in his true light. Every word and every gesture tended but to confirm her half-formed convictions, and looking back grew more painful every hour. The last faint shred of the old illusion was torn ruthlessly away, and it taught her to look upon herself as the most striking example of feminine blindness and incon gruity she had ever heard of. Nine times out of ten (it has been re marked) it is over the bridge of sighs that we pass the narrow gufl from youth to womanhood. Thatinterval is usually occupied by an ill placed or disappointed affection. We recover, and find ourselves a new being. The intellect has become hardened by the fire through which it has passed. The mind profits by the wrecks of every passion, and we may measure our road to wisdoin by the sorrows we have underone, ...s. --..-,, neunag, in her case, brought with ita variety of sensations. Like the greater part of frail humanity, Mabel was not altogether wanting in vanity, and her self-love was wounded to tha quick when she reflected that she could ever have looked upon this man before her with any other sensation than that of contempt, if not of abhorrence. Moreover, it required no great skill in reading. countenances to trace all this in her face now. He saw it Perhaps he did not realize the full ex tent of the truth, but there was something in her manner to tell him quite enough. His vanity was wounded ; vanity being the only feeling he had ever had-in all probability-engaged in the affair. Altogether the interview offered a series of embarrassing positions to Mr Broderip. It was not that hlie possessed any particu larly fine feelings, but as she remained throughout inactive, he had to lead, and this was what he found, as I said, embaras sing. 'It only seems yesterday,' said he pre sently, by way of ending the silence, ' and I can shut my eyes for a moment and, listening to your voice, fancy we are back in the old days.' Mabel shuddered. 'Heaven forbid ! There was such a false ring about Mr Broderip's sentiment that, if anything, he lost a point in this speech. And he felt it too. He did not catch her words, but he guessed their purport pretty nearly from her shudder. . 'Time works wonders,' he said, tallking at rather than to her; ' and I find that there is no such thing as constancy in the world.' She fired up at this. 'If you mean that for me,' she said, ' it does not touch me at all.' And so she showed that it did touch her. Qui s' excuse s'accuse' is a proverb both trite and true. ' If it does not, Mabel,' said Mr Brode rip, ' it says little for your sense of feeling true, I: ought not to expect much of that kind of thing. , finding you as I find you.' ' What do you mean ?' There was. a dash of irritation in her manner, bordering upon" fierceness, that pleased the visitor. . He saw he had been able to touch her at last, and so he wisely resolved to work upon this tack. 'It never lasts,' he went on, in the same ieflective manner; 'anybody with a grain of sense knows that even schoolgirls must be very young.who think it lasts for ever. The only difference really is the degree of comparative constancy. Some couples, I have heard, criticise each other- mentally before they leave the altar; while others endure each other, without getting to posi tive aversion, for periods ranoiog from a week to a year or so. Tell this to any sillybride or bridegroom;, and:they will, perhaps, admit the rule, but each will think their ~case the one exception. It was so .with me; I thoeuight-.--' .: : " [.. . : (To be continued.):. 