Amusements. (jAIETT.— Mr. Sheridan appeared last as Richard m., in tho Cibberian version of Shakespeare's tragedy. Whatever may be the faults of that version all the great impersonators of the last flantagenot have been idontiiied with it — Garrick, Cooke, and Edmund Keen ; and sanctioned by mich illustrious examples, modern actors hayo, | perhaps, a sufficient warrant for Btickirig ' to Lolley Cibber. Ths experiments which have occasionally been made in the way of restoring- ! the original text would no donbt have been more sne- ! cessful had they been attempted by men of real genius. The late Samuel Phelps was honourably distinguished by his zeal in tbat direction. Phelps ?vras an admirablo actor, but to disturb the trk- ; ditions associated with the stage Richard was a task beyond him. Others have tried it with no better success. No fault can therefore bo fonnd ?with Mr. Sheridan for adhering to established pre cedent in his rendering- of the part in question. And his performance -??{ it from first to last was certainly most spirited and picturesque. It is scarcely neces sary to say that Mr. fcheridan's splendid voice was heard with telling effect, in. what may be termed tho bravura passages, and that his fine facial expression and significant gestures, even more than his elocutionary powers, admirablo as they are, aided him in imparting vividness and reality to his pourtraYal of t\\\e character of the aspiring and un scrupulous Gloucester. IJickard presents opportu nities in abundance for ' tearing a passion to tatters — to very rags.' Indeed from the very nature of many of tho EituatioiiB it is almost impossible to avoid doing so. If Sir. Sheridan then occasionally exhibits a tendency to rant in Richard III. , it is a rc\\-roa.ch to which every actor whoni we have seen essay the part lias been more or less liable. JMr. Sheridan gives promi nence to. the ironic liamoar of Bichard. This was well displayed in tho famous wooinjj scene with the Lady Anne, a-nd the highest compliment perhaps that could be paid to his talents is to feiy that he made that strange courtship, and Lady Anne's sudden ac ceptance of the hand of the man who had mnrdared her hneband and her father-in-law, seem at least conceivable, if not probable to tho audience. In the tent scene where the sleeping Biehard is Scared by the ghosts of his victims, tho acting of Mt. Sheridan was also very - powerful, and fairly brought down the house ; and in the final scene on_ Bos worth Eield the vigonr and desperate energy with, which the combat with Eichmond was maintained evoked a loud burst of applause. Mr. Sheridan, with excellent taste, omitted the linos which Cibber bas made tho dying monarch utter. They add nothing to the effect, which is decidedly more striking when the curtain^ falls— as it did last night—immediately after Kichard receives his death wound. Mr. Sheri dan was tolerably well supported by the members of the company .j Mr. 6. E. Ireland was a manly-looking Earl of Eichmond. Mr. Joyce, as the gentle King Henry, did his^best with a part not quite congenial to him, and Messrs. Patterson, Saiatord, Catcs, and, Lacblan M'Gowan were satisfactory in their several parts. With regard to the ladies, begging their pardon, formentioning thorn last, it will suffice to say that Miss Louise Davenport, Misa Urunia Bronton, and Mrs. Marion Stammers respectively represented tho sorrows of Lady Anno, of Queen Elisabeth, and the Duchess of York. The young Princes -were veiy intelligently impersonated by little Miss Katie Towers and Miss Sherwood. 'Biehard III.'' will be repeated to-night. 