THE^PARLIfflEKT: HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. ! TmssTuv. .Tttwh 9.1. V JRie Seeakee took the Chair at 2 o'clock. SOTJTH-TEBRACE RAILWAY SHEDS. The CHIEF SECEETABY (Hon. J. C. Bray), in answer to Mr. JOHNSON, said that the Government ,-baa paid their portion of the cost of remonng tha j Glenelg Bailway Company's sheds from South .terrace, and in accordance with the terms of tha \- Act passed last session they would have to be v removed within six months from the time of pay ment NABRACOOBTE CENTRAL RAILWAY STATION. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray), in answer to Jlr. He.nmxg, said that no exact site had beenyet adopted for a central railway station ? at Narracoorte, but that it would be near the 'bridge. INHUMAN TREATMENT OF AN ABORIGINAL. -Tie CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray), -in-answer to Mr. Ward, said that the- Government had received no report about the reported case of inhumanity to an aboriginal at Yatina. NAIENE RAILWAY EXTENSION. 'iTbe CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray), i in answer to Mr. Bees, said that surveyor had been at work in the neighbourhood of Nairne, Kan mantoo, and Callington, and he believed that they had consulted the local residents as to the best -~ note to be adopted. ' ' THE MAIL SERVICE. . ? Mr. TOMKINSON moved that the House adjourn ; till 1 o'deck next. day, for the purpose of calling at ; tention to a very important matter in connection ' with the rng~i service. Last week the English mails were advertised to close by the Peshawur at 8 a.m. for newspapers, 9 a.m. for lettere, and 9.45 a.m. for Jetters bearing a late fee, and he submitted that , . these houra were much too early to suit the con :. venience of colonists generally. (Hear, hear.) Eight ' tf dock gave nojtime for people to post newspapers, . and by 9 o'clock letters could not be written and ' posted. There was no sense or reason in the arrange ment. The Peshawur arrived at 6 a.m., and could not by any possibility leave her moorings before noon, yet at 10 o'clock he was unable to get a letter 4 or newspaper into the baps at the Post-Office. At ' It o'clock ne waited upon the Postmaster-General and enquired whether the mail steamer was still at _Olenelg,.and_he said she was. He then asked why no extension of time was allowed as to the closing of the mails, and the Postmaster-General replied that he had received a telegram from the captain of the vessel stating that he would sail at 11 o'clock, and therefore the time for closing could not be po3t i poned. As a matter of fact the ship did not sail till f l o'clock. This was a question which affected not -only the commercial community but every person who had a letter or paper to post, and he submitted ?'? that Hie greatest possible latitude should be allowed .them. At present the mail service was condncted ' in a very inconvenient manner, and nearly every ' mailday the same cause for complaint which, he had ' -drawn attention to existed. (Hear, hear.) He was surprised that the Postmaster-General had not de ? ' tained the steamer till say 2 o'clock for the convenience ? of the public. Every one was aware of the amount ? of work connected with the arrival of a large ship ? here, and it certainly could not be done in two or ? three hours, and he would ask the Government to make such arrangements in the future as would not ?' necessitate the dosing of the English mail at so early an hour as that to which he had referred. (Hear, hear.) Mr. JOHNSON seconded the motion, and said \- that there was general complaint around the city 1 abont the time of closing the English mails, no one being able to get a Bank draft or letter of credit on _ the day the vessel sailed under an arrangement such . aa that of last week. (Hear, hear.) Mr. HA'WKEB said he had a matter to bring forward in regard to the mails carried by the Orient Company. The Chief Secretary, in replying to a question the other day, said in effect unless the Orient steamers called at Adelaide coming out as well as going home he would reduce the price paid to the Company for the carriage of letters to Id. Now, it would be a great mistake to do so, and he would just call attention to a telegram which ap peared in the papers, stating that the mails dis patched by the Cotopaxi on May 18, at 7 o'clock in the evening, weTe delivered on the same day aa those sent c»y the P. & O. Company's boat, the Bohilla, which left at 12 o'clock on May 11, so that the Orient Company gave an advantage of nearly seven days to this colony. (Hear, hear.) 'We had been striving for vears, and so had other countries, to get the quickest international communication possible, and the arrangement suggested by the Chief Secretary would not assist Una in anyway. It looked very much like retalia tion upon the most unjustifiable conduct of the Chairman and Directors of the Orient Company in TLondon. '(Hear, hear.) They must have been f shown that the reasons they gave for ceasing to allow their boats to call at Adelaide on the inward voyage were utterly without foundation, but there c was no need to cut one's nose off to spite one's face ?' and get rid of a most admirable service to England ^ear, hear.) By far the most letters earned by the Orient ships were *hose sent from Australia, the peat advantage derived from their calling hen on tbi inward voyage being that they brought cargo and carried third-class passengers.- In his own case r he sent away about twelve letters to every one he j received by the Orient line, and this was m conse quence of the quick passages they made homa \- (Hear, hear.) This question affected not only the ' whole mercantile community, bat all those who were in the habit of writing to their friends ; and from the fact that a certain gentleman was an horinced to becoming out for South Australia in the ?Cuzco, he thought it was very possible that the — Directors- were reconsidering their position, under f* 'which; circumstances he would ask the Govern C ilrient not to be hasty in reducing the postage fees paid to the Company, but to wait and see what the result of the whole affair would be. (Hear, hear.) ?Mr.FURNER asked the Minister of Education to consider if some reduction could not be made in the Jate postage fee of sixpence, which seemed to him ;' rather an excessive charge for the concession. ' ' (Hear, hear.) J - The MINISTER of EDUCATION (Hon. J. L. ''? 'Parsons) said, in reply to the hon. member for 1 , Gnmeracha, that the time of the mail steamers' de '? parturs did not depend upon the Post-Office autho ?'. ?; rities, bnt upon the agents for the P. -fc 0. Company r- {Messrs. Elder, Smith, & Co.), who indicated it to '--the Postmaster-General, and then the mails were t kept open till the last possible moment which would ? gave time for the necessary work in connection with \--; the dispatch of the bags. The hon. member wa3 not strictly accurate when he said that the Post ?' -'master-General received a telegram from the captain 11 61 the Peshawur stating that the vessel would sail ,,at 11 o'clock. Mr. Todd received no direct f '? .communication from the captain, but from -L-'the -agents.' (Mr. Tomfcinson — 'He told me so himself.') The Postmaster - General would cv receive- no statement direct from the captain, and on the very day in question the tima of the -I- ship's sailing was indicated to him by the agents as .11 o'clock. Consequently the Postmaster-General :- had no alternative but to close the mails in time to get the bags down to Glenelg, and it was not in the power of the department to detain the steamer beyond, the time fixed by the agents. It was only .?because of the work connected with the cargo that I the Peshawur was detained till 1 o'clock, and it T^mftHbejusi as well if he gav6~tbe Home some ??-dirpUnatien'of-what work-had to-be done in dis patching the mails.- A separate bag had to be made up for Galle, Calcutta, Bombay, Hohekong, Suez. f ' Italy, France, and England, for the letters 'could 1 -not be placed in the bags indiscriminately; and then ? there had to be in triplicate a full statement ': of all the bags, one of which was kept -? -ad the other two dispatched with the mails. The i tour between 9 and 10 o'clock was not a long time in -'?? 'which to allow this work to be accomplished with ' ; the necessary accuracy, especially when it was con \- ' Bidered that the bags wera kept open until a quarter i -to 10 o'clock for late letters, and if the work were \ not done accurately there would soon be general t. complaint. The Postmaster-General said that it was impossible to do it in less than an hour after ,' 'the general time of closing the post had passed, and to get the bags away to Glenelg. For the convenience ''of correspondence a late-letter bag was kept at I ? Glenelg until the last moment, when the Post-Office I ' officer went off to the steamer with the mails ; and \ he was sure that the Postmaster-General personally, and all the Post-Office authorities, were most ,' anxious to' give every facility to the public (Heir, hear.) With regard to the point taken by Mr. '?' Hawker, the answer given by the Government to ?'' !Mr. Johnson wa3 that if the Orient Company ad -? ] 'hered to their present decision it was not the inten r- 1 tion of the Government to continue the present rate t 'Of postage, and he believed that the House and the country were quite prepared to believe that this decision had been arrived at out of no spirit of -'?'-TCtaliaUon. (Hear, hear.) It had been arrived at in *?'?'?'? the hope that a reconsideration of the matter would -ta 'lead the Orient Company not to make any alteration Y. f tn the existing arrangements. With regard to the '''-'saounVoftthe late fee, he would look into the ?r. 'natter, and if anything could be done to facilitate f-' the dispatch of late correspondence it would be -' - done. - (Hear, hear.) Mr. BRIGHT thought that after the Minister of iT ?' Education's explanation co one could, say the postal authorities wers to blame ; but was the same state - ??' W things to be allowed to continue mail after' mill ? V- 'doring the mail at 8 o'clock in the morning made \----'at least a day's difference with people in the s: * country, fora large number of the country mail3 1 '?' amved In the dty about 10 o'clock, and he V- thought that the difficulty might be got over to a great extent by some arrangement whereby the mail ??'?'?? 8iooMddse« 11 o'clock. Mr. SYMON thought that the Minister of Educa tion's 'explanation hardly touched the question raised by Mr. Tomkinson, who was told that the : agents ol the vessels bad the entire control of the times of their departure. This was most unsafe' factory, though he was not blaming the Depart-. meat in any way. (Hear, hear.) if the hoar of woiling were simply controlled by the amtunt of cargo to land or take on board, the whole of our commercial circumstances would be thrown out of '?' gear, and the benefit accruing to' the colony from the t'-1 service would be nothing at all. An arrangement 1 ??- ''might easflv be made to close the mail at a tim ??-? 'Which would be more convergent for country people ; ' : ' - for it was perfectly useless to say in, their case taat '??' ?''newspapers might be posted by 8 o'clock whsn. it '-???? would *ejust as well to Kiy 10 o'clock the night before. Toe blame in the matter did not lie with ' '- the postal authorities, but with the arrange ?????? meat with 'Victoria ; and if South Australia were to be cimply at the nod and beck of that _^'eotony and the P. & O. Company there would ~be no certainty at all about the time of the-mail g*nfag The Government had claimed that in their action with regard to the Orient Company the; were not actuated by a feeling of retaliation ; bat at the same time the Minister of Education had stated that they had acted in the hope of bringing about a reconsideration of the question by the Com L* ? t*ny. What was that but retaliation ? an attempt by means of a certain indication to induce the Company to alter the stand they had taken, which was ex ceedingly unlikely to heal any differences between the Government and the Conpaay so long as it was held out. (Hear, heax.) Mr. DIXSON said that the remarks of the last speaker had caused him some amusement, inasmsch as he had been a member of a Gevernment which ; ' ? had done nothing to remedy these grievances. .:' - Mr. SYMON— They did not exist then. (Laughter. y ?:: I |Mr. PLAYFORD— We always had two string* to 1 our bow. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) ? 7 Mr. DKSON believed that at the time Victoria , entered into her contract with the P. & O. Company the Government were tnxious to join in it ; bat ho thought the people of South Australia had reason to be thankful that she was not a party to it. inas much as every year the people of Victoria had to paya considerable sum of money as a deScit in the mautpostaces. Mr. HARDY thought ths explanation given by the Minister of Education on the main question was perfectly satisfactory. (Hear, bear.) He re gretted the answer given the other day with reference to the Orient Company, because it „ sounded like retaliation, and he hoped that no retaliatory measures would be adopted. (Hear, bear.) There were one or two points under discus sion upon which members seemed to be a little at jea. One question was the dictation of Victoria as to the time at which the mail should dose, and he ronld poinTout that Victoria had nothing whatever odowith-it-Heielieved the fact was that the *£&O.; Company closed their mails and got away a Boon as possible daring the period of the year hat the adverse monsoons prevailed. When the favourable monsoons prevailed they were quite ontent to wait a little longer. If they were delayed or an extra' hour or two by cargo _ there pas not always time to alter the time for doling tha oails, and thus it was not pfacticabre to keep the ' oafls open to the very last minute. Mr. Symon h3d aid that it would be just as well to close the moil a the evening as to leave it open until early next aorning.'butBe would point out that persons in all iarts o? the city could post letters at any hour of he night if the mail was not closed until the morn de. and thi3 wa3 a great advantage. He agreed nth Mr. Bright that it would be a good thing 'to lave the mails open till 11 o'clock in the morning, 0 as to catch the country mails, and he hoped some ood would result from the discussion. Mr. -HAINE3 expressed the opinion that a aonntain'had been made of a molehill, and said hat the inconveniences which had been complained if wer,e nothing to be compared tothe disadvantages inder which the people in the country laboured, le hoped the matter would be treated as a joke. . Laughter.) . , ? Mr. TOMKIKSOJT said the information given by he Minister of Education was not such as he had ixpected, as he was' in hopes that he would promise hat efforts would be made to secure an arrange nent by which the mails should be always closed it a certain hour on mail-day. If this were done it You]d prove a greatrconvenience to the public gene ally. He would, however, withdraw the motion. SOTJTH-TBBEACE EAILWAY SHEDS. Mr. KINGSTON asked the Chief Secretary, in ?ef erence to the opinion he had just expressed that he Glenelg Eailway Company wonld have.to .re-, nove their sheds within six months after the pay. nent of the money, whether he had since looked it the Act, and if he was still of the same opinion; The CHIEF SECBETAEY (Hon. J. C. Bray) said le was gl2d to be able to say it was not his province :o give This opinion on legal 'matters. (Laughter.) 3e would add that in the matter of the Act referred x} the Government had had the advice of the Crown Solicitor that the money, was to be paid when notice raa given to the Company, and the money was paid iccordingly. POSTAL ABBANGEMENTS AT BLINMAN. Mr. COOKE asked the Minister of Education— 1 Whether he has received a memorial from resi lents at Blinman complaining of the present postal irrangemente and suggesting improvements ; and, if -o, whether it is the intention of the Government to :omply with their request, or make such other and rhat arrangements as may be necessary to meet the '^The MINISTER of EDUCATION (Hon J. L. Parsons) replied :— ' The memorial has been received md considered. In the new mail contracts com mendne April 1 next year it is intended to discon tinue the present Hawker and Blinman weekly mail, and have three mails a week between Para ;hilna and Blinman instead of two. The mails will leave Parachilna on' the arrival of the train from Port Augusta on Tuesdays, Thursdays, and Satur lays, and Blinman on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays to catch train for Port Augusta. The Postmaster-General is endeavouring to arrange for l post-office at Parachilna, and if possible the mail arrangements will be altered beiore termination of' jxisting contracts ' 3ARRIAGE OP STONE PROM DRY CREEK TO SEMAPHORE. Mr. MATTTNSON asked-' If it is the intention )f the Government to reduce the price for the car iage of stone from Dry Creek to the Semaphore V Be said he might explain that the people of Port Adelaide could get stone carried from Dry Creek— a iistance of six (miles— for Is. a ton, while they md to pay an extra shilling a mile if it was taken on & the Semaphore. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray) replied:— 'The Government intend to reduce the Dnce for the carriage of stone from Dry Creek to the Semaphore so soon as additional accommodation an be provided.' He added that there was no loubtthe inequality mentioned did exist, and that the prices charged for the carriage of stono 'to the Semaphore were far higher in proportion than those charged for conveying it from Dry Creek to the Port. The reason was that the .line to theSema phore was constructed for passenger purposes only, and no provision was made for the accommoda tion of goods. Th& Government felt that it was iesirable to encourage this traffic as far as they :ould, and they would do so a3 soon as they could obtain additional conveniences for the discharge of ;tone. At present the trucks bad to stand in the middle of the street. PORT PIRXE WHARFS AND THS WHARFS COMMISSION. Mr. BEAN asked— 'Is it the Intention of the Government to adopt the recommendation of the Wharfs Commission with reeard to Port Pirie ?' The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray) replied :— ' It is not the intention of the Govern ment to adopt the recommendation referred to.' SCHOOLHOUSE AT STREAKY BAIT. Mr. TENNANT asked the Minister of Education —'Whether he has received any application from the residents at Streaky Bay for a suitable school house; and, if so, whether It is the intention of the Government to comply therewith 71 The MINISTER of EDUCATION (Hon. J. L. Parsons) replied : — ' Application was made last year, but the population was not considered sufficient to justify the expenditure. Further application has been received this year, and referred to the Inspector for report.' COST OF OPENING EAILWAY TO FABINA. Mr. FBASER asked—' What is the total cost to the Government attending the recent opening of the Government Gums Railway to Farina ? The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray) replied:— 'The total cost attending the recent opening of the Government Gums Railway to Farina is £2,456 19s. 2d.' (Oh, laughter, and Hear, hear). HIGH-LEVEL TANK AT MORGAN. Mr. DIXSON asked—' 1. What i3 the cause of delay in the erection of the high-level tank at Morgan? 2. When will the work be completed r The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray) replied :— ' 1. The cast- iron supporting columns have only just come to hand. 2. In about six weeks from this date.' ALTERATIONS IN TARIFF CLASSIFICATION. Mr. DIXSON asked— 'What alterations have been made in the classification of goods in regard to duty during the last twelve months ; and by what authority vi ere these alterations made ?' The TREASURER (Hon. L. Glyde) replied :— 'The alterations were made in compliance with the spirit and letter of the tariffs. A few of the de cisions were made by direction of myself, the re mairlerby the Collector, with the advice of the Landing Surveyor, backed by the opinion of experts where there was the slightest doubt. The altera tions made were as follows :— Autographic albums, imitation wool clothing, marble paper, plaid, demy paper, duty prior to alteration 10 per tent ad valorem, duty now charged nil— altered by Customs. ' Carlsbad waters, Frederickshal and Janus waters, sheepdip, duty prior to alteration 10 per cent, ad valorem, duty now charged nil altered by Customs. Brunswick black, duty prior to alteration 10 per cent, ad valorem, duty now charged &L; car gallon— altered by Customs. Brief paper, custard powder, Fuller's earth, indiarubber cubing (druggists'), iron dampers and frames, oleo eraphs on frames (combined), wooden wiae-presses, yeast powder, duty prior to alteration nil, duty now chargedlOpercent.advalc-em— alteredby Customs. Essence of coffee, extract of coffee, duty prior to alteration 3d. per lb., duty now charged nil— altered by Customs. Essence of orange, duty pridr to altera tion 10 per cent, ad valorem, duty now charged 123. proof gallon— altered .by Customs. Gelatine, isinglass, duty prior to alteration nil, duty now charged 10 per cent, ad valorem— alteredby Customs. Metal tubing of lead, tin, or zinc, duty prior to alteration nil, duty now charged 2s. 6d. per cwt.— altered by Customs. Window sashes of iron, lead, or zinc, duty prior to alteration nil, duty now charged 2s. 6d. per pair — altered by Customs.' He added that all these alteration? had been made on the authority of the Customs officers, subject to the approval of the Treasurer. Some little discre tion was always allowed to the officers of the Customs in interpreting the tariff as occasion might arise. RAILWAY PLATFORM AT MORGAN. Mr. DEtSON asked—' 1. Why has the wooden railway platform, at which goods for the towns people were delivered, at Morgan been removed? 2\. Is it the intention of the Government to erect a platform and shed along the runaway line on Railway -terrace at Morgan?' The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray) replied:—'!. The wooden railway platform at Mor gan was removed to make room for the extension of the passenger platform, and will be re-ereoted at once. ? 2. 1c ia not the intention of the Government to erect a platform and shed along runaway line on Railway-terrace, at Morgan.' DIAMOND-DRILL FROM EUCLA. Mr. BASEDOW asked— ' What is the intention of the Government as to tb.9 future use of the diamond- drill recently returned from'Eiiclar The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray), in the absence ofthe Commissioner of Cbown Lands, replied :— ' The Government propose to offer tha diamond-drill for hire for mining purposes.' 'He also said the djamoho1 -drill' was now at Port Ade laide, but the Government had hesitated to make use of- it because itj was difficult to move about, a!id could only be used where there was plenty of water. It was found cheaper to buy a small diamond-drill, and se.nd it to;Waukarin«a. The Government believed the drill at the Port was very useful Tor mining purposes, and two 'or three Com panies had applied to them for permission to use it, but theGovernment thought it necessary .to publicly notify that it was available for private use. DISTRICT COUNCILS BILL. Consideration of second report of t/ommittee of whole House. Mr; FURNER ask&d; whether it was the intention of the Government to -recommit the BUI, so as to insert. a clause embodying the; suggestion of a great many District Councils in reference' to making it compulsory to' formf District ConncilB.in certain -ca£e&_Se?eiaLflI JhB_District;Cottncil3 had signed a memorial,- which-it-wa9 inteaded-to send to tha Commissioner, pi Crown ? Lands, snggesting that districts where half the land had been alienated from the Crown should be como6nedvto come under the operation of. the District Councils Act' It_ was urged in many places where there, were no District Councils- the ^Joverhmeat ' -'were'' spending ' money on the' roads, and 'Were re'- ceivjng no return from the owners of -property, and this arrangement was not fair to those-wittrin - District Councils. A copy of a memorial had been sent to him, and heunderstood a copy had also been forwarded to the Commissioner of Crown Lands. He would not move for the recommittal of the Bill, as he did not wish to jeopardize it ; but he thought, perhaps, the Government would consider the sug gestion. ? - ' ' The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray) said- the Commissioner of Crown Lands had no doubt received a copy of the memorial ; but unfortu nately he was unwell. He had not seen a copy of the memorial, and even if he had he would point out that the Bill was brought in at the urgent request of the District Councils, who wanted ene particular point dealt with. (Hear, hear.) He believed there was a feeling throughout the House and the community that the mode in which it was proposed to deal with assessments was a fair and proper one-^Hear, hear)— and there fore the desire of the Government was to get so much of the wish of the District. Councils carried out as was included in the Bill— (Hear, hear)— without any danger. -The point mentioned was of great importance, but it would require to be care fully considered before it was introduced into a Bill by the Government. (Hear, hear.) Some attention vtuuld have to be given to the matter of making pro perty ouUide of District Councils contribute in some way to the revenue; but the Government did not propose to deal with the matter at present. The report was adopted, and the third reading was fixed for Wednesday. MARRIAGE BILL. Third reading. Mr. D1XSOM rose to move that the Bill be recom mitted. The SPEAKER— The hon. nernber u oat of order. It is too late to more that the BUI be recommitted. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray) lid the Speafeer had not yet reported that he had iccived a certified copy of the BUI, and it was lied the other day that as soon as tho Clerk read le Order of the Day any hon. member could movo «t the recommittal of the Bill. The SPEAKER— The hon. member may proceeJ. Mr. DIXSON said lie moved the racommittal af. ie Bill for the purpose of eliminating all the arises save the preamble, title, and twelfth clause, .aughter.) The Attorney-General, in introducing ie Bill, said the object ofthe Government was to scare the validation of certain marriages the Uidity of which had been rendered uncertain by ecisions given in the Scpreme Court, and if he had [ought in a Bill providing for the removal of any oubt3 in connection with this matter he would ive had great ' pleasure in supporting the ill. In the present Bill, however, there ere a large number of clauses with bich the House was not in sympathy, and he as sure if there had been a full House when the ill was in Committee it would not have passed in 8 present form. He; would draw attention to the fth clause, in which they were attempting really to igalize religions services — in which they took ignizance of religious services. As he had pointed at previously, it tad been the recognised policy of lis colony to divorce— if he might use the word— ie State from the Church, and he believed it was niversally acknowledged that the recognition of iligious services by the State had always Deen mis iievous, and while injurious to the State it had eenfarmorefataltothecausedfreiidon. Those who ere students of the Bible knew that there was ie widest difference of opinion as to the teaching [ ths Bible on the question of marriage. He had -oked up the marriage laws in the Bible, and he rand that the Hebrew laws as to marriage were 'holly out of sympathy with the tone of legislation f to-day. ' There was a* common Impression that olygamy was condemned in the Bible, but he ?onfd show that it was sanctioned, and that if they urned to that Book which they revered they would hd some usages sanctioned that the House would ot for a moment-approve of. He would refer hon. lembers to the Second Book of Samuel, xii. 7 and 8, rbich-Tead, 'And Nathan said unto David, Thou rt the man. Thus saith the Lord God of Israel, I noint thee King over Israel, and I delivered th.ee ut of the hand of Saul And I gave 'thee thy mater's houso and thy master's wives into thy osom.' He found in II. Chronicles, xxiv. 2 and 3, And Joash did that which was right in the sight f the Lord all the days of Jehoiada, the priest, md Jehoiada took for him two wives, and he begat ens and daughters.' He might go thronfrh the Old 'estament from the Book of Genesis to the last of he Prophets, and might point out that poly amy was practised by nearly all of those who were .eld in reverence ; indeed, half the saint3 and the bampions who by faith did this or that had more ban one wife. He would mention Bethuel, Jacob, lideon, David ? The SPEAKER— I do not think this sort of dis ussion is quite Parliamentary. Will the hon. mem e-- take his seat ? I must state that I think the line f argument he has taken up is 'not altogether ?arliamentary. (The Hon. J. Colton— ' Hear, ear.') Mr. DIXSON said be bowed to the Speaker's aling, and would condense his remarks so far as to ay he thought it was extremely undesirable that he Bill should be passed in its present form. In the fth clause the Government sought to induce the louse to take cognizance of religious marriages, nd there seemed to have been so much diversity of ractice in the Rook he had referred to, that he was iuite sure the Bill would cause bickering and ill eeling. ? He also had an objection to the seventh nd eighth clauses relating to marriage by certiS ate. It was provided that fourteen days' notice hould be given, and if the fourteen days' notice ras a good thing it certainly should not be d's tensed with; but .under a later clause of the Bill lersons could dispense with notice on payment of a urn of money. He had asked the Attorney-General t he could give a good reason why this hould be allowed, and ho could not give any; ,nd he would a&k; if this was the sort f legislation for the House to pass? He Iso took exception to clauses 9 and 10, which irovided that ministers of religion might isjue icences, for which they were entitled-to charge £3. Ie could perfectly understand the consistency of he different religious bodies in issuing licences, lecause they regarded marriage as a religious cere lony which was sanctioned by the presence of the oiniater ; but although the Churches might issue icences it was an entirely different thing when the louse came forward and attempted to arrogate auctions which really belonged to the minister of eligion. The Church of Rome issued its own. icences by its own authority, and the Bi3bop of he Church of England appointed celebrants of damages. In doing so they did well, but it was a afferent thing when the House said the minister hould issue licences, and when they issued those icences the fourteen days' notice should be dis lensed with. He hoped that the hon. members rho had apparently not gone with him in the istracts he had read would not let his action in hat respect bias them, but would Sght against the ibjectionable points he had mentioned being in :luded in this measure. ! Mr. KINGSTON was glad to have the opportu lity of expressing his views wilh regard to the Bill, is it was a measure in which he took the most ively interest, having bad a somewhat intimate :onnection with the circumstances which led to its ntroductiou. The Bill wau brought forward for the rarpose of doing away with certain doubts that ixisted regarding the validity of marriages where here had been the omission of certain words pre icribed in the Marriage Act, and if the Attorney-, general had confined the measure to meeting that -oint it would have been much better than to Dring orward such additional provisions as were con ained in the Bill. The fifth clause, which in point -f fact conferred legislative sanction upon forms arid :eremonies adopted by the religious bodies, was un ieces3arily altering laws that had been passed after rears of consideration. In the early days of the »lony Acts were carried to legalize first marriages solemnized by the Church of England, then those -f the Scotch Church, and afterwards those of the Roman Catholic Chnrch, the Quakers, and the Tews; but it was eventually felt that it wasun Iesirable to have measures passed recognising marriage as carried out by various religious bodies, » in 1867 the Marriage Act was passed. That ict did away as far as possible with State recogni tion of the ceremony of marriage as performed by religious bodies, and provided a State form of narriage, which people of all denominations could ivail themselves of. He would like to know why they should dispense with that simple form, and in the most undesirable manner do away with the principle that had been established in 1867 and re ;um to the old condition of affairs. He sympathized sith the hon. member for Light in his remarks as to ;he impropriety of maintaining this distinction )etween marriage by licence and by certificate. He ivas altogether opposed to the State charging £3 for' ?he solemnization of marriage. He held that a man ' sonld not do anything better than marry, and the State ought to encourage him in that rather ;han place obstacles in his way. The charge really was an indirect tax upon population. Laughter.) Then, seeing the impropriety of the State making a charge of £3, why should the mac ppho wished to be married, bnt who had not that unount.be kept waiting for fourteen days before ie could have the ceremony celebrated 7 He thought ' ;hey would be setting a good example to the otUer ;olonies if they were to take away the senseless restrictions upon people who desired to unite in the bonds of wedlock. He confessed, however, he did :ot go with the hon. member for Light, who seemed to have some doubt as to the propriety of polygamy. Be thought that the views of boo, members on that joint were alike, and that they believed that one wife was sufficient for any man. (Laughter.) The motion for the recommittal of the Bill was declared negatived. j Mr. DIXSON called for a division :— j Ayes, 5-Messre. W. H. Bean, J. H. Howe, C. C. Kingston, J. H. Symon, and B. Dixson (teller). Noes, 25— The Chief Secretary, Messrs. J. Bos svorth, F. E. Bucknall, Hon. J. Carr, Messrs. I. H. Bagster, J. Coles, Hon. 3. Colton, Messrs. H. E. Downer, W. Gilbert, W. Haines, A. Hardy, G. C. Hawker, R. W. E. Henning, R. Rees, A. H. Landseer, W. R. Mortlock, H. V. Moyle, S. Newland, the Minister of Education, Messrs. T. Playford, W. B. Bounsevell, E. T. Smith, J. L. Stirling, A. Tennant, S. Tomkinson, E. Ward, and the Attorney-General (teller). '. Majority of 20 for the Noes. ; On the motion that the Bill be read a third time, Mr. DIXSON said he wished to state that he was opposed to the motion. He had been misunder stood, and he felt it was bis own fault, with regard to the quotations he had read from Hbly Writ. He bad intended to use them for the purpose of showing that, although this was a Christian province, still the House had 'to consider the question of Jewish marriages, and he desired to draw attention to the fact that that Church was guided by the Old Testament, ! in which polygamy was distinctly allowed.- He did not think it wis of any use for him to call for a division against the measure, so he would content himself with simply stating his opposition to it , The Bill was then read a third time and passed. ' TAPER7 ? '' ' ' The MINISTER of EDUCATION (Hon. 3. ,L. Parsons) laifldh the table':— I . Professor Tate's Teport.on the mineralogies! and other, features of. the Northern Territory, with two maps.- ! The report to be printed, and the maps to belitho; graphed. ? '.- ''- ? CROWN LANDS BILL. '- _ i ? Second reading. Adjourned debate. c* :' I Mr.- HOWE stated that, by permlssJoft of Mr. Ward and of hon. members, he wished to tontiriue the debate— (Hear, hear)-and he had a particular reason .in doing so, because domestic imaltora ? would cause Ids absence from the', Honse before- Thursday next. Hon. members would bear in mind that he represented an almost purely agricultural district, and they would bear with him if they' thought he did not put the question before them in an unbiassed manner. He wished to assure them, however, that he had no desire to'be bieesed— (Hear)— and taking into consideration the class he- represented be hoped th^y-, would; at all ' eventsgive him credit 'for earnestness and candour— {HearT-liear)i and fnr an attempt to-throw asideraryperauiaHeeBng hwnrirtb have upon the matter He knew. that sertnl hon. members had imputed the word ', extreme* with regard to the views held brhim on this question of the land laws, trot he hopett to convince them- before he sat down .thafcsricb.iras not the case. (Hear, hear.) He recog nised the .fact thai the agricultural interest in every colony likd this was its chief pillar. There was 'no rnafiwhbwould'doTnore'to further other industries in onr land than' he. Those industries were all pillars, but he could not-lose-aight-of the fact that undoubtedly the largest pillar was in the centre of this province, and that it was the agricultural in terest He would have occasion to refer to the speech] delivered by the CommitsioDer of {Crown Lands.to the manly and straightforward utterances of Mr.TIayford, and he would also have something to say about the dismal oration of the hon. member for Albert, Mr. Henning. (Laughter). He would also take a passing glance at the present land laws, and he would compare them with laws of a similar nature now existing in- the sister colonies. He would also, aa Mr. Playford had done, throw out a skeleton scheme, but he hoped the bones of hi* skeleton would not be so far apart as those of Mr. Flayford's. Some of the remarks of the Commis sioner of Crows Lands had grieved him very much. He did know that the hon. gentlemen, or at least ho had had reason to know, once believed in the agricultural interest of the country. He thought he believed in it now, although his- opinions had been very much modified since he joined the Ministry. He never deplored anything more than when he saw a mas like the Commissioner come down to the Honse and congratulate hon. members upon the buoyancy and success of the land revenue. If he had only looked below the surface for one moment he would have seen that really the fact disclosed a most deplorable state of ana irs. Ho went on to twit the hon. member Mr. Playford by saying—' Ah ! they told us wa should have a short estimate, but here is another bad season, and the sales are more buoyant than ever. The receipts have exceeded the estimate by over £112,000.' That land, however, had gone for ever from the Crown, and from the hands of those whom the House wished to have it. Yet he came to that Chamber and asked the members to sine ' Halleluiah r to his deplorable scng. (Laughter.) Oar land laws had been lased upon the principle that they wished to settle upon the soil an independent yeo manry. Experience, however, had proved the jnsuitability of those laws, and had shown that on the slightest strain the industry had fallen to .he pound, that it was a mere sham, and that the and which they had tried to distribute among the aeoplo was falling into the hands of a. few apitaliste. If the country was to bo congratulated ipon a fact of that kind, be certainly regretted it. Bistory had proved to them that when the land of a :erritory got into the hands of the patricians or of ;he capitalists there had always been an equal usount of distress to such acquirement. No »untry could aspire to greatness where the land iras unevenly distributed among the population. If -ur land laws had conduced to such a bad state of iffairs the sooner they were altered the better it ffotdd be, and he thought it would be their duty luring the present session to so act as to prevent i few capitalists gaining possession of them, ind ' so rendering the yeomanry not inde }endent fanners but tenants. The bad state )f affairs resulted from the unsuitability of the land aws. . A selector got into debt, and his storekeeper nessed him for payment. If a high price had not -een paid for the land, but if it was worth from 30s. a £2 per acre, was well improved, and the term rvas unexpired, then the storekeeper or party rho backed him up induced the .selector a take an advance of money to enable lim to complete hU purchase, taking a mort age over the property in return. He knew lat money was lent to the selectors in that way, ;he result being that the land gradually found its ray into tho hands of the capitalist. The Com missioner bad stated that 'these men had fought s mrd battle and had found themselves losing ground, jut rather than come to the Government they had xirrowed money from capitalists at a high rate of nterest and had paid the Government. '^^hat was rery deplorable. If these men could not . carry out :beir agreement capitalists found them money, ie result being that the people were no longer freeholders, but were tenants who had i high rate ot Interest exacted from them. Be now came to the speech of Mr. Playford, ivhich he listened to and afterwards read with ;rettt pleasure. That speech showed that tha ion. member was on the right track, and had a thorough knowledge of the subject. But the hon. member was rather egotistical when he told the Bouse that the schemo he was about to unfold was entirely his own. (Laughter.) Now he (Mr. Howe) lid not want lo be thought a reformer. The pago Df history showed that reformers generally had to pay great penalties. Such was the case with Socrates md with Tiberius, the great land reformer, and with the crucified and sinless One. He really, therefore, was in earnest when he said he lid cot want to become a great land reformer, though he had no objection to helping the hon. member Mr. Plajford to become one. [Laughter, and Hear, hear.) As for Mr. Henning, be felt that the hon. member was scarcely respon sible for the statements he made in his doleful speech the other day, as he was suffering from his liver. [Laughter.) But there was beauty even in his dark wd dismal picture. It w as like a Rembrandt, which needed to be. viewed in a proper way and at a proper distance. Now, he believed he would be able o show the beauty of Mr. Henning's picture, and that this was not such a bad country after all. [Hear, hear.) The hon. member prefaced his remarks by sa'ing anything he said would have no weight with non. members. Now, in thu be was wrong, for he was most patiently listened to for two hours, and a more dismal speech be (Mr. Howe) had never listened to, and yet he listened to it most attentively. (Laughter.) He was afraid people beyond the colony would take more notice of the speech than they ought to do, and therefore he would not allow some of the statements in it to go unchallenged. Mr. Henning had said that every body knew the prices agreed to be paid for the land were too high and would never be paid, ind yet he himself said be voted for railways and Dther expensive public works in these very districts. Where then was his consistency ? If the land were likely to be forfeited and depopulated, where was the justification for the public works expenditure? But the fact was these railways in the North had paid not only interest and working expenses but S cr 4 per cent, of clear profit, and this, too, during two bad seasons. He supposed the hon. nember voted for schoolbonses and police stations. But let him look at the prices these township lands brenght. Why they, in many instances, brought the cost of these buildings ten times over. Toere fore he did not think a dismal view should be taken of the situation, or that hon. members Bhould come to the conclusion that the land would revert to the use of the sheep. Besides this, let bon. members look at the immense benefit that the settlement of the land had been to the pastoral lessees. The railway to Farina would not have been made but for the agricultural settlement of these Northern Areas, and yet the railway alone had 'been worth to the squatters, on both sides of it, as much as they paid to the Government for their land. (Hear, hear.) The hon. member spoke as if the bad seasons would never change. He knew the country quite as well as the hon. member, and he never remembered seven or eight years of failure without the prospect of a change. There were three bad seasons in succession once, bnt then tbe change came, and in the next season the farmers recouped themselves for all their losses, and made a handsome profit besides. He knew this northern country quite ds well as th.e~b.on. member, and he would tell the House that it. was not half as bad as he made out. (Mr. Ward— ' Hear, hear.') The hon. member md quoted a letter from a Mr. Cutler. Now, he thought the author of that letter was worthy to be a correspondent of the hon. member. (Mr. Henning—' It was sent to the Register/') Oh! then it was simply a doleful extract which just suited the hon. member, and so he quoted it. It showed the man's heart was in his guts. (Laughter.) The writer sa*d he cultivated a few acres the first year, about 50 acres the third, and the last season he did not have any. Why, many northern farmers would not call such a man a fanner at all, and yet tbe hon. member quoted him as an authority ; and, besides this, he had only been fanning three years, and those years were bad ones. He said that Mr. Goyder's ghost was hovering about the country, and that just suited the hon. member's doleful view, and so he used his letter. But even this man sold his selec tion, and got money for it. That showed that some one— probably bis neighbours — had ;a better heart than he. He recollected the time when the Alma Plains were deserted by the class to whom Mr. Henning and Mr. . Cutler belonged. They left that part of the country, but' the 'Anglo-Saxons — men1 with a heart and indomitable energy— remained, and what was the result? Why, that it was one of the nicest farming districts in the colony, settled by a pros perous yeomanry. (Hear, hear.) He might add that hat was not the first time that the Anglo-Saxons had been left, or that they had shown what could be done. 'The hon. . member had said that he (Mr. Howe) bad misrepresented facts in Introducing ? a deputation to tne Commissioner. The doputa' tion alluded to was. one from . Baroota and other : places on the western stta of the Flinders . Range. The - bon. mernbu- said that' 'when he went through those beautiful, saltbusb . plains and saw how they had been destroyed for the sake of trying to grow wheat, he felt that a crime had been committed against the rising generation in the colony. . Grass might corns again where the plough had been, but saltbush never.' Now, he knew the country in Baroota quite as well as the hon, member, acd.hfc scarcely knew; a more scrubby hundred in the colony. (Mr. Em ning— 'I referred to . Woolundunga,') The hdn. member referred to Mr. Orchard, and said be might as well. have thrown his money in the Gulf as in rooting ud' the saltbusb and trying to grow wheat there. Now, Mr. Orchard's land was not salt busb land .at all. There was a good deal of bluebnsh there, and some of the land cost Mr. Orchard £3 103. or £4 to. clear, besides £6 an acre which he paid for it. None of it cost him less than 10s. an acre to clear, and in the aggregate he had spent nearly £3,000 on his estate. But the soil was fertile ; indeed Borne people said it was too fertile and would be better after a while. The hon. mem ber had talked of driving through beautiful salt bush plains, instead of which there was a large extent of' country bordering on the east coastof dense mallee scrub, and some of it was taken up at £2 and. £3 an acre by farmers who had since expended sums ranging from £500 to £1,000 on their farms, in clearing them. If the hon. member knew anything about this rank scrub he would know that no vegetation would grow there while the timber remained, and that consequently clearing the land must have improved and not injured the stock-bearing qualities of the land. If that country fell into the hands of the Government to-morrow he knew of one gentleman who would give them £2,000 to have that 45,000 square miles In that hundred on the western slopes of the Flinders Range. And yet the hon. member for Albert said that if 500 miles were offered him free, fenced and with water onit, he wouldnot accept it and keep stock on it. That was very patriotic ofthe hon. member, (laughter.) It really showed that he either, did not want to deprive the country of it .ivhen it was worth much more, or else that he was a fit. subject for another institution. (Laughter.) He did not Wish to impute motives to the htm.- member, but the longer he apoke the less he appeared to know of this subject. The hon. member quoted a long extract from his favourite ? author— a letter-writer in the Regitter —and ho would now quote : another extract from the ' same writer to show his -view | of the case, audit waa so important that he would: astr hon. members to give it their serious attention. The writer said :— '.Were any proof needed of the bana fides of the selectors, a glance at their farms and homesteads would certainly afford It. It is not a country where the plough car. be put into the groan d at once, and the good immediately taken out of the land ; on the contrary, it has all been solid hard work from ther beginning.' Moreover, in Telovrie and Baroota there is scarcely, a selection which ia not ring-fenced, and most of them are subdivided into two or three working paddocks. - Most of the homesteads are fairly comfortable and well pro vided with the necessary yards, sheds, &c; As is always . the case in a' new place, a large number of the houses are built of galvanized iron, some of mallee and png, some weather board, together with a few good stone farmhouses. All those who put anythingof an acreage under erop, which is about 90 per cent of the fanners, have also all the usual working plant and thenecassary horsepower to work it. Many also keep a team of bullocks, which are found very useful for grabbing and rough carting. Almost every farm has its own well of excellent water— an inestimable boon in this dry North— some of those in Telowie being sunk to a depth of 140 feet There are also springs in several of the creeks which run permanently at the foot of the range, and are of great service to the farmers living near them. Otherwise the creeks are merely watercourses, except during the few days in the winter when the floods come down. Ihere is a large Government dam on the travelling-ntock reserve in North Telowie, and a Government whim in North Baroota. The farmers have also sunk several dams on their selections, but all are empty just now and have been so for two months past, owing to the present excessively dry summer. The amount of land cleared and brought under cultivation is also evidence of & sincere wish on the part of the farmers to make a permanent settlement. Telowie has nearly trebled the acrea&e; under crop in 1873, having had this year over 9.000 acres in wheat. Since 1879 Baroota has more than doubled the acreage in crop, having now over 14,000 acres brougnt under the plough, while Winninowie follows np with 4,000 acres m wheat The last-named hundred was selected in the winter of I879,rvnd afair amount of clearing and improvements has also been effected here, more than a fourth of the selected land having'been brought under cultivation in twoyears.1' The hon. nember had made a great deal of what had been written by special reporters of the daily Press about surface-scratching. These extracts from the same authorities, however, would give the other side of that and another question. First, about Telowie and Baroota, he found the following in tbe Register:—' The Hundred of Baroota was opened for selection in the beginning of 1878. The selectors there have passed through »iTnn»r troubles and suf fered from the same causes as have affected Telowie, only that in their case the difficulties have beat enhanced by the stnbbom nature of the country they have bad to deal with, while all the land on the western side of the range is more or less covered with scrub, or, as it is called, is very 'rough ountry.' Baroota is par exceltence tho scrub lundred. From the north-western corner of Telowie o the Mambray Creek extends a dense forest of jallee, ten miles long by about three broad. It is his scrubbiness of the whole country between the ance and tho Gulf which haa rendered the task of ettlement so difficult and so much retarded £hfl rogxess of the plough, so that even when a OOd season conies many selectors have not cough land under crop to duly profit by it n the whole of tho three hundreds there u carcely an acre into which the farmer has been ble to put his plough from the first ; on the con rary, nearly every foot of ground has had to be leared of some species of native growth, either luebush, large bushes, or else heavy trees, such as mdalwood, peppermint, and mallee. There has aturally been no lack of firewood or fencing laterial ia such country, and this, together with he excellent supply of water and the nearness to a ood port, are the compensating advantages of the lace, without which the settlers would scarcely ave been encouraged to hold on for so long. ' ben as to the ' scratching' — 'There is, perhaps, no lore vexed question amongst the fanners than the omparativc advantages of deep or shallow plough ig and careful or slovenly cultivation ; and several istances have occurred which seam to warrant tho onclusion, however erroneous it may appear, that eep cultivation is not always the best way o( pairing a crop in a dry country. Thus several imes it has happened that farmers who practised eep ploughing have not taken off as good crops as tieir neighbours, whose cultivation was not o careful. One farmer put in 120 acres in SSO after deeply ploughing the ground with a single utow, and only recovered an average of -a little ver 2 bushels. The following year he averaged ss than 2 bushels per acre off land prepared with imilar care. On a neighbouring farm, and in the une year, 5 bushels per acre was reaped off 350 cres put in with a scarifier, part of which' had also een scarified the previous year. ? Another farmer, 'ho broke up his ground very deeply, averaged bushel per acre off 500 acres in 1830-1, and 2J ushels off 650 acres In the following year, uch experiences as these, and the fact that ome very good crops have been grown where tin eed was merely harrowed in after tbe stubble was uraed off, make many fanners think that the most itisfactory crops are nui produced by deep or requent stirring of the soil. However this may be, ; will doubtless require a much longer experi ace of the dry hundreds of the North than has et been possible in order to determine ?hat sort of cultivations suits them best' ?he reason he had read so many extracts wassimply his. Mr. Henning said that he bad a good know Hlge of the country and of the men who nad settled n it as well, and divided them into four classes. Iret, there were the poor miserable creatures, who ad been deluded into going beyond Goyder's line of linfall, and the hon. member congratulated tho ountry en there being only few. The second class rere a little better off, but too lazy to et information from the Government offices ; nd Mr. Hector was held up as an example ?f them— a man of money, a good colonist, nd a gentleman who could do without any con ession at alL This class, too, was v«ry small, nd scarcely worth consideration. The third lass were those who went up North, enced in the land, and scratched about a it with the intention of becoming sheepfarmers n one section oi country, which, according to the ion. member himself, would only carry 60 sheep to he square mile. The last class was the greatest ne, and Mr. Henning had grossly libelled those he iut in it when he said that the majority of the ettlers were merely speculators. He denied the tatement in to to. and the extracts he had read lacked him up and showed that the majority of the ettlers had farmed their land well. (Hear, hear.) \o doubt there were a few speculators amongst hem, but they were more numerous amongst quatters. How many squatters were there who tad taken up land under preferential rights, and pho, while paying peppercorn rents, asked £5 a mile rhen a person approached them to buy? The ion. member wished it to be believed that about O per cent, of the agricultural settlers were simply peculators. (Mr. Henning— ' Hear, hear.') He ontended that the settlement which had taken ilace had very much improved the northern country, .nd in some cases doubled the natural herbage. t was a very hard thing to destroy the herbage, and ie knew that on some selections out of crop for two ?ears the cotton-bush, saltbush, and bluebush grew letter than befoTe the ground was broken. He had a etter in his hand, written by Mr. Copley, of Black ock Plains, to the hon. member for the Burra (Mr. iVard) which bore on this subject. It read as ollows :— ' Dear Sir— As I see by the Press that ?ou resume the debate on the- Land Bill to-morrow, ' take the liberty of dropping yon a few lines re Mr. Jenning's speech, which I consider a very foolish mi inconsiderate one, and more particularly where ie states that ploughing up the fialtbush destroys he natural herbage.' Mr. HENNING— Is the hon. member in order in coding a letter reflecting on a debate in this louse? The SPBAKER-No. Mr. HOWE— The hon. member read a letter. The SPEAKER— The hon. member read a letter rom a paper not referring to this debate, but only eflecting generally on farming. Mr. HOWE— Well, then he would say that Mr. 'oplej's experience of saltbnsh country was that he bush grew more luxuriantly after the soil had -een broken than before. Referring again to the 'Inndied of Baroota, it was sold somelour years ago, ind the very first instalment of interest which ought 0 have gone towards the principal was no less than '12,000. Baroota had kept and would continue to ;eep its population, and had become a valuable istate since its development by the selectors ; but iho settlers, as a whole, required more liberal land aws If they were to have a chance to live on the and. He came now to the painful question of seed ? vheat for the distressed farmers, and while Mr. Penning and other hon. members had been speak ng:on the subject he had felt quite miserable. The ion. member for Albert, in speaking about the rondition of the farmers in the North,- was injust and harsh enough to refer to a subscriptlon ist made up by the Gladstone farmers to assist their :ellow-agriculturists In the time of their failure, and ]e held up with custothe fact that £4 10a. was the whole amount subscribed. The hon. member said ? 1 he had known the . names of the subscribers he B-ould have given the House the benefit of them ; autif the turn, member knew them as weU as he lid Mr. Henning would know that one shilling of ready money just now was of great value to. them. From what they had said on the subject of the Seed wheat Fund it was plain that some hon. members lid not know the facts of the case. When the ques tion was before the House last session Mr. Playiord referred to the public meeting which was held at Stephenston, and warned the Government that they would do. an unwise thing In pro riding seed ' wheat * for the distressed farmers, quoting 'as a precedent the refusal of the Ayers Government to assist the farmers who bad suffered' severely from red rust ; and he had also said that for . the Government to step in to the relief of the formers would have .a tendency to pauperize them, rhese sentiments were endorsed by the majority of the members of the House, and the Press followed suit, advocating 'the establishment of a relief fond by private subscription ; but he could never see the matter in that light, and on beinfr consulted by the. Central Committee of the Fanners' Association he said so. He held it to be the duty of the State to provide their tenants with what assistance they re quired, in' the same way as the late George Fife Angas and C. B. Young had done. They bad- supplied - their tenants, with what loans they required, at a low rate of, [nterest, perhaps,- and had got their money back. (Mr. ' Henning—' Mr. Young did not') George Fife Angas had done so at au events, and . that was a similar case. These men were tenants of tbe Crown, and the proper thing for the Government to do was to have lent them wheat on their improve ments. He was sure they would lose nothing, as if these men bad to give up their land after one more year and left the country, he said— and he did not hink any member .would challenge him — that the land with the improvements that had been made would bring in fifty times more than was spent if put up to auction on the leasehold . system. The Press had said -the Government must not assist these men, and all sorts of reasons were hashed up, and it was said when- the public assisted the farmers that s lot of paupers were going through tbe land. The most cruel things had been said about tbe farmers of the colony, and he believed many members of the House would regret what they bad said about respectable farmers in this matter. He had assisted in the distribution of the' wheat to distressed farmers, and he knew that some of the farmers who were better off than their neighbours gave ^away horses and lent wheat and small sums of money to others, and in fact the whole of the people of the North had been assisting each other, and it was only those who could not get the help of their neighbours who required the assistance- of the public. Some persons had said that Mr. Dunn and other eentlemen would assist those farmers who were deserving ; but his ex perience had been that those firms only assisted those who had good security, and these were com pelled to pay a- Ugh Tata- of -interest Referring to the. Seed- wheat Fund and. the Central Com mittee again, he would say that he knew that some members of the Committee who had been reviled by .members of the House had subscribed to the Seed- wheat Fund themselves; When they found many, of these men. who were freeholders, who. thoroughly understood the position and had nothing to gain, coming forward, nu thought it was a sufficient guarantee that tie object was a worthy one; and he thought -it was very cruel to make some of tbe remarks which had been. made in connection with the selectors in distress. He hoped those members of the House who had made the. mistake of casting reflections upon the fanners would stand up and say that if tfcey had known what they knew now they - would not have made, such remarks as they had. Xbe bulk of those who had ' received the seed wheat' did not look upon it aa a gift at all, and ? returns for it wonld be forth coming in the . greater number of cases. He knew many good hard- working fanners who had been cut to the very soul by the remarks which ' bad been made, and they were determined, with health and strength and comparatively fair seasons, that those who gave to them would have do cause to repent, as they would return' -the value of what others had received to -a general fund for similar purposes. Mr. Hemiing.had expressed a great deal of alarm that the statements as to our bad harvests going home from year to year would do serious tojury to the colony. (Mr. Hennmg— ' Hear, hear.') It was too true that our harvests had been deficient, but we knew the cause, and had every reason to hope that they would be larger in future. (Hear, hear.) There was no doubt- tbe people- in : the outside world would think .that South Australia : was a very poor place : indeed if they- read the hon. members ? speech, and bis statement that the best of tbe country was only capable of carrying from 40 to 50 sheep to the square mile would do more to harm the colony than any state ments as to bad harvests. He did not believe the colony was so God-forsaken and such a sterile and barren waste as the hon. member wonld wish them to believe. (Hear, heax.) The hon. member wound of tbe country would be over if they could see eye to eye with him. What a picture of desolation, bar renness, and sterility they wonld see. (Laughter.) It was bis opinion that the troubles of the hon. member were only ?commenced. (Laughter.) He would like to give the hon. member a little advice. He knew that he lad been a good colonist, and he believed he had every desire ' to put everything straightforwardly to the House' ; but he hoped he would consult some medi cal man, and see if it were not possible for him to be a tittle more cheerful and hopeful in future. (Laughter.) He always took a gloomy view of things, and be hoped nobody would read his speech on the land question. Eeferring to the Hundred qt Baroota, which the hon. member- had .reviled s» much, be would say that for every saltbush Mr. Orchard had destroyed he had planted fruit-trees. (Hear, hear.) He had some of the fruit from orange trees of three years' growth, and this promised mnc'i betterthingsinfuture. Hehadalsohadverynice fruit from his own garden in Baroota, and he beliavei there was a great future before this part of the coloDy. . It waa very fertile and easily Irrigated, . and the country, 500 miles of winch Mr. Henning would not have aa a gift, would, he was sure, support -,a very large pogulatlon. The only good he could see In the Bui was the con cession clause, and he thought hs would be abb to how that this was unnecessary also. He would ask rhat was the good of making such a concession to, leop'o who could not pay, and never would be able 0 pay ? It did not relieve our farmers as a body. t might do some good to tbe storekeepers and mer hants, but it did not take off the agriculturists the lUrdon of which it was necessary to' relieve them in rder to ease them. The farmers had been too :eavily handicapped, and our land system had rcrked badly for the country and for the man who lad been upon it. Drawing comparisons botwsen ur land system and those of the other colonies, he rould point out that the average price given or land in this colony was higher than hat civen in Queensland, Victoria, New outh Wales, New Zealand, or Tasnmnia. The verage price realized in New Zealand was bout 16s., taking the sales from the foundation of he colony to the end of last year. The land in asmania had averaged about £1 6s , and in Vic oria they knew the price was £1 per acre. Our inds since they were unlocked had realized an verage price of £1 7s. per acre. In addition to aying a higher price for inferior land, our selectors lad to pay interest : whereas, in the other colonies, rith a few exceptions in New South Wales and few Zealand, all the payments were taken as part 1 the principal. He agreed with Mr. Playford that f wo wished to retain an agricultural population on he soil this was wh&t; it must come to, and it would ie aa well to do away with the BUI altoKethar. It ras time we looked the facts in the faco, and met he farmers in the only way in which they could iroperly and substantially be met He had a iractical knowledge of tbe subject, and he was ure that unless something was done in the direction Ddicated we should soon have the country partly leserted, and defeat our own ends. Tho Bill also ontained a clause which he believed was inserted ieeause & deputation which he introduced waited n the Commissioner cf Crown lands and brought he matter referred to in the clanse under his otice. As it was put in the Bill, however, ho carcely recognised the principle. He thought it ras fair once, and &u; it was as ne saw It ; but now it ras perfectly unfair to any one who had established limself in a holding. In the first place, they all new that it took a great deal of money to stjibliah a man in new country, and that mprovements of all sorts were very expensive. is he understood it simple materials as they stood rould be valued ; but it should be remembered that , man might have Improved his property to the xtent of £2 an acre In making the soil fit for culti ation, bnt tho State took all that added valuo without giving any return for it On that point he rould read a letter from a farmer in Wandearah as ollows :— 'Having read the Land Act which is now n Parliament I do not see a clause to meet tho ollowinc case' ? The SPEAKERr-I do not think the hon. member 3 in order in reading a letter criticising tho Bill. Ie can embody the ideas contained in it as his own. Mr. HOWE did not think the letter criticised tho Sill. The point, however, was that a man did not mow whether he could become the purchaser f bis homestead until the auction decided b. In the meantime he had provided stock nd nay upon the ground for his year's work, nd thus be would be placed at the disadvantage of lot knowing whether he could remove that produce f he did not purchase his place. The in-going anner would in any case have all the advantage^ .nd would be induced to run the price up from tho act that an improved farm was worth £1,000 to lim. He really believed that if the clause were rought into operation to-morrow no one would bo ound to take advantage of it, and he failed to see low it would benefit the farmer. ? There reilly was isly one way to look at tbe question, and that wa3 hat if they wanted to retain the people upon the :oil they must allow every penny paid by them to be State to go as part of the purchase-money. If luch a system were put into operation the fanner vould be induced to stop, because he know that ivery shilling he paid would go towards clearing his lability off ; but now it was quite the reverse. Chose who were unable to purchase were playing nto the bands of the capitalists, so that instead of -eing freeholders they would become tenants. Another point to be remembered was that those vho had bought lands at high prices bad, as a ?ule, the pick of the country, which they could work it a fair profit, and such purchasers were likely in he long run to become the proprietors of tho land ield by them. But if the proposal that all payments should be taken as part payment of the principal rere adopted it would not give the fee ample under ten years, while it would allow iwenty years for completion of the purchase, f the selector so desired. Such a principle had iperated very well In Canterbury, which really vas the garden of the Southern Hemisphere. The 3overnment there, wishing to settle the country nth a permanent population, made the maximum irice £2 per acre, and the terms were as liberal as ie had spoken of, the result being that every shilling iue to the Government was piid, while the object -f the Parliament to have an independent yeomanry ipon the soil was effected. Here, however, the aimers had to pay high prices for land which would iot yield more than six or seven bushels to the acre, ivhile in addition they had to pay a heavy rate of in :erest. He thought the House would see how im politic it was to pursue such a course, and he would ike to ask also whether it was wise to exact from ;he fanner more than the land was worth. He was :ertain that if some alteration were not mode in this iirection onr land would soon be thrown into the possession of a few men. Some hon. members had iald, and with some degree of truth, that it would be a very difficult thing for U3 to compete with imerica; but affairs were not so gloomy as was made out. Messrs. Reed & Pell in their circular jointed out that the cost to grow a quarter of wheat in the Great West,, including delivery at the local iepot, was £1 8s. ; freight to Chicago. 6s. 8d. ; thence to New York, 5s. 2d. ; New York to Liver pool, 4s. 9Jd- ; handling in America, Is. Id. ; Liver sool charges, 2s. Id. ; makiiij a total cost of £2 7s. 'id., or say 6s. per bushel delivered in England, niey would thus see that if the laud laws were liberalized in tbe way be had indicated they would be able to compete with the American farmers, because they would be able to grow wheat and ieliver It in England at the rate of 6s. per bushel. Be agreed with Mr. Henning that the thro wins Dpen of lands beyond a certain limit was suicidal in the extreme,; because it was impossible for people to farm there at a profit with an area of 1,000 acro.i. Ihe climate would not permit such a- thine, and there was only one remedy. That was to draw a line beyond which they would not allow people to settle under the present provisions. He could not fix that line himself, but he thought they could do it unitedly. He would suggest, with regard to land beyond that line, that it' should be surveyed into large blocks, the area being in accordance with the quality of the soil and its situation, and .estimated ' to cany 1,000 sheep. H« wouldoffer it at auction for twenty-one years' lease, the highest bidder to become the lessee, and he should also be required to become a selector of 1,002 acres included in the same block. Tbe price of the selection should be 203. per acre, paid in ten or twenty equal yearly Instalments; tbe personal residence, improvement, and culti vation clauses to apply only to the selection. Of course that provision would only apply to those who were in a position to comply with tno condition of such a clause. If he had taken such a gloomy view of affairs aa the hon.. member for Albert (Mr. Henning) he would not have brought the proposal forward. If the clause were put into operation, only men with a small amount of capital could take up land under it ; bnt it should be remembered that those were the very doss we wished to hare on the soil, and such a class of men were now leaving our colony to seek more congenial' climes. He knew at the present time men who '.were leaving forNejw Zealand to Select land for their sons to settle down. He had been told by the Press that such statements as this ought to be taken with a great deal of caution, but his remark was a fact, and to sopport his case he would quote the following extract from the Tatiara Matt : — ' It. is not from that quarter alone, but from many, other parts of South Australia, that farmers are making their exit. This week an aged couple named, Shaughnessy, with a family of stal wart Bons,' arrived in Border :Town; after traversing the desert road from Adelaide. Most of the emigrants who. pass through here have with them drays and bullock teams bear ing their, household goods and implements ; and their dust? and miserable appearance after such a tedious journey would lead to the belief that it would not be undertaken if our . land laws were liberal enough to enable them to. make permaneht homes for themselves in South Australia. Almost every week families of this description pass into Victoria, and we now revert to tbe subject in t]ie hope that our Parliament will, during tne coming bt ssion, make such an alteration in the land Lvjva that will not only offer an inducement for the popu lation we have to remain here, but attract outsiders to our shores.' Of course there was a limit to his scheme, and be did not intend the holdings to be more than 6.C00 or 7,000 acres at the outside. - Land that was not suitable for subdivision and settlement under that system ought not to be taken from the squatters. He would not .break covenants with any one, but if we could put ten settlers where 'we now had one it was our duty to do so. The htm. member for Albert asked why the farmers did not tell tho . House what they wanted ? Why, the1 fact was, they had done so in the petitions which bad been sent in so numerously that the Press said— -fThe cry 'Is 'still they come.V The farmers asked that the interest should in future be reclroned a? part of the principal, and that the interest paid sinco. January,- 1879, should be remitted. . If that were done it would cheer the ' hearts of the farmers, and they ,would remain to successfully cultivate the land. If not, parts of the country 'would be icvacuated, and the railways and other public works worili cease to be remunerative, and would be a drag bn the country as a 'whole. '. A Brie should be drawn— whether at Arkaba or Wilpena,or exactly where, he would not say— but beyond, that line there should be a difference in the treatment jof those who toot up land, fie ; would call the attention of bon. members to the fact that many ol tbe petitions were signed not only by those who would benefit by the concessions asked for, bu by persona who had completed their agreements, vet woo were anxious to see those around them having a fair chance to gain' a livelihood: ' He had not a word to 'say against the squatters', who' had done good service in. opening up the more distant country, but be did wish to see the. land well settled, and to this end he hoped that beyond the line he had suggested larger areas would be allowed to be taken tip, sajrfoT twenty-one years, and at the end of that term the land would be of much more value .to the State than. it- was at the present .moment, . and we should have settled on the land a prosperous community, and ' Besides double the revenue of tbe State', (Hear, hear.) , ; Mr. COLES acknowledged the courtesy of Mr. Ward In allowing Mr. Howe and himself to precede him in the debate, as he felt that those who spoke late on such a question were in danger, of repeating only whafcothers had said. Still he felt it was the duty of any hon. member having special knowledge ol tne land question to place that knowledge before tbe House. (Hear, hear.) It wus with that view that he intended to occupy the House for a few minntes. First of all he wonld give the Govern ment credit for an earnest desire to permanently and satisfactorily settle the Crown,lands— (Hear, hear)— but he felt that ihe Bill now. Wf ore the House only went a little way towards tbi3 end.- However, he ?would -rapport the. 6ecohd reading in the hope, of getting certain amendments made in Committee, so as to make the measure workable and beneficial. He joined with Mr. Howe in deprecating the gloomy view which some hon. members seemed to take of the situation. We had had two or three bad seasons, but they were not confined to South Aus tralia. The wheat yield in all the colonies was one quarterlesa last year than in the previous year, am there was' every reason to hope that with the genera rains .we had.had the next harvest, would be a good one, spd that seed wheatfor the relief of the farmers would not be heard of again. (Hear, hear.) While on tbia question he would say that' he entiire'y agreed with the Government, in refusing to sub sidise private subscriptions for the purchase of seed Wheat Had they done so they might .hereafter have been asked' to subsidize money for. putting stock on runs whose owners could prove, as many- of them could in bad seasons, that they had lost, money Md were on the verge1 of ruin. (Hear: hear.) He had reasonlo believe tha a large majority 'of the farmers of the colony did not Wish for aid from the Government, or f ram any body else. - (Hear, bear.) He was borne out by '.he fact that only about 170 farmers really got seed wheat dot of pahapB 800 applications, and there had nerer yet been a season bo prosperous in this slony that 150 or 260 fanners could not be found to tiow that their crop) had failed, and that they ould be glad of relief. (Hear, hear.) The Com issloner of Crown Lands had told the House that ie receipts from the Land Fond croatly exceeded ie estimate. That surely was an indication iat the capitalists of the colony had not lost lith in tho land, and that the resource* t the farmers were nothing like exhausted— -r anybody who knew anything about such things new that the money-lenders did not lend money a selections without leaving a, very good margin -r themselves. (Hear, hear.) Jfr. Pl&yford; had lid that ho regarded the large amount of money aid as a deplorable evidence of tho mistake made, [e did not look at it in this light. The people had one nothing more than complete their contracts ; nd he might add that as a rule the fanners would refer to pay a private capitalist 6 or 7 per cent, iterest rather than pay the Government 4 or 5 per itit. and submit to all the restrictions they un osed on them. If borrowing money might bo Lken as an indication of the condition of the irmers, perhaps tho amount borrowed by tho lortgaging of credit selections might be taken ito consideration. But here again complaints ere made of the hindrances. For instance, U arrears of interest had to be paid, and the iterest had to be paid in advance, and then there was n unwarrantable delay in the Lands Titles Office, o fact, he knew of one case where a selector was n the verge of being declared insolvent as a result f the delay in passing his application through tho and Department. The Interest was paid and a sceipt given, and then, two or three weeks after, ben the man expected to get his mortgage and »lied on receiving it, he was coolly told that the iterest had not been paid, and ho had to produco is receipt before he could go further; and the jsult was that he was nearly ruined. He oticed with pleasure that £27,000 had been aid as second instalments. That money ad not been borrowed, as a rule, and lat in itself was an indication that things were ot so bad as some would have them believe. Ho dniitted with Mr. Henning that a portion of tho md that had been surveyed and sold was not tit -r agriculture, but it was not a large portion. Ho ?anted to draw attention to a statement of the tommissioncr of Crown Lands as to the Hundreds of chomburgk and Lindley. Tho Commissioner had lid that nearly tho whole of the land had been a.ken up, and to bis (Mr. Coles's) certain knowledge ; was by men who were not likely to come to the lovernment for assistance, but who would be willing 3 get a living out of it some other way than wheat roducing if the Government would allow them to o it should the land turn out not fit for cereals. A etition was prestnted to the Commissioner of Crown ands by Mr. Dixson and himself, from the residenU f these hundreds, praying that the land adjoining be Hundreds of Schomburgk and Lindley might ba nrveyed. To that an evasive reply was receiVvd, to be etlect that inasmuch as the lands in the lundred of King, which adjoinod on the other ide, had been surveyed, the Government did not jel justified in surveying tills also. Of his own eisonal knowledge lie would undertake to say that : the land wore surveyed almost every section rould be taken up in less than three months, and ; would all be paid for in duo course. If he were in he habit of quoting Scripture as his colleague (Mr. )ixson) was, he would say to the Government, 'You have done those things which you ought not 0 bavo done, and you have left undone the things 1 hich you ought to have done, and there is no health n you.' (Mr. Kingston— 'That's not Scripture,' nd laughter.) Enough, perhaps, had been said bout Mr. Uenning, who opposed every Land Bill iroucht into that House. (Mr. Henning— 'Tm onsfstcnt then.'') The hon. member was consistent n his inconsistency. He had searched 'Hansard,' nd had found that the hon. member had only sup iorted one Land Bill, and that was because of the irst six clauses in it. The hon. member objected to he others. (Mr. Henning— 'So did you.') H6 ibjected to them the same as ho did to some parts of his Bill, and he would say at once that if he could iot get them amended ho would vote against the bird reading. Tbe hon. member Mr. Henning said ie opposed the Bill ' with regret' He was afraid he hon. member's sorrow was like the sorrow of he young man who followed his rich uncle'* emains to the grave— with a tear in one eye .nd a wink in the other. (Laughter.) As to he theory of the rain following the plough, ie could not say he held a strong opinion, but iut experience in this colony showed that it did. ie did not say this of the 'North and North-East, iut he did of the Murray Flats. (Hear, hear.) He ravelled over that country twenty-throe yaars ago vitb the hon. member for Stanley, and he had seen t perfectly dry on those plains when in the hilU ibout Truro and Tannnda it was quits wet. But inco there had been a good body of cultivation lone the rainfall had increased, and the seasons vere as regular and as good as in the other districts ie had mentioned. (Hear, hear.)- Speakine with lut the slightest hostile feeling towards the Govern nent, he must say he felt this Bill would not be a )ermanent benefit to tho selectors. What had been he cause of the distress ? The high prices paid for ?he land had had nothing to do with it, nor had the ?ate of interest charged. The cause was that some )f the fanners had settled on a small portion of and which was totally unfit for agriculture. (Hear, iear.) That was the sole cause of the distress, and jy no process could legislation secure an increase in he rafnf alL (Hear, hear.) But while rinding fault, io did not wish to do so without suggesting some thing that he thought better than tho Bill. Where ihe land had been proved useless for wheat, he fvould do away with the cultivation clauses alto ;ether, instead of going through the farce, of year -y year insisting on the farmer ploughing and sow ing seed from which he knew he would not reap inything. He would certainly insist on the resi ience clause, but be would increase the area and io away with the cultivation clause, and then the 3overnment would find that oven on this Door land the agreements were fulfilled. Clause t of the Bill empowered selectors to sur render their agreements, and clause 5 gave :hem power to take up other land. He cojild not see tho value of the Cth clause. If a man were brought to the verge of ruin by his agricultural pursuits be would not ba ready to select more land ivhen he had thrown up what be had held. The rth clause enabled him to have his land put up by motion, and if ho did not become the purchaser . he irould be entitled to one-half the value of the iiu arovements made on tbe selection he had forfeited, fow, he could not see why the man should not lave the full value of the improvements he had nade. The late Commissioner of Crown Lands Mr. Playford), than whom there was no higher tuthority, bad said that In most cases of surren dered agreements the land bad realized a higher price than in the first instance. Then why jiot jive the man the full value of the improve Bents he had madoT Mr. Playford, speaking m this point, had said on a former occasion— 'Before going any further with this question ho ivould say that a great many people were mistaken in thinking that those selectors who had paid the Highest prices per aero had made bad bargains. . He knew that there were many who had agreed to pay 64 or £5 per acre who were in a better position than those who bad selected at £1 per acre. In idministering the department he had only met with )ne case where a man bad thrown np his selection m the grounds that be had paid too high a price for it. That was a man named Mr. J.Evans, who took ip land in the neighbourhood of Napperby in 1874, md surrendered Itf or cancellation on January 1. 1831. Evans . selected at £4 123. per acre, and he said that the purchase-money was top high. He had fenced it in and surrendered it, with £305 worth of improvements': hut be said that it would ruin him to complete the purchase. Hon; members who knew .anything about- the land laws knew that when Improvements had to be paid for on the fall of the hammer it made a great difference to the prices Dffeted for the land, so much so that sometimes, when say £l,C00 worth of improvements waa on the land it would absolutely pay the Government not to charge to the Improvements straight away, but to offer the land for selection without the improve ments having. to be paid tor in cash. Well, the Government offered Evans's abandoned selection at the end of a very bad harvest, and it was re- selected by Mr. Dawes at £4 per acre, besides the sum of £305 having to be paid down on the nail f orimprove ments. He contended, therefore, that farmers who selected at' higher prices than others required as a class no special consideration.' He believed that if this, land were offered for .sale again to-morrow it would bring twice as much as the fanners paid for it— (Mr. Howe—' It bas been' im proved')— and be thought they ought toget the full value of their improvements, and not half : and as to remission of interest, ho did not know ithat '.any great geod could come of it, but.it could not do much harm. It was not much, use to remit interest which would never be paid unless the cultivation clauses were relaxed, and in' certain parts of' the country these clauses might very well be done away with. \ Ho would' Insist on the residence 'clause as tending to prevent dummvism, but it was no use taking a man's money away by making him cultivate where the land would not grow wheat. ? (Hear, heir.) He thought a mistake would be made Tn passing the clauses referring to breaches of agreements. At present If a man waa tried first by two Jus tices, Who sent tbe evidence to the Commissioner, who had the power of pronouncing judgment, but tbe Bill proposed to do away with that power, and of the two systems he preferred the former. He wonld Buppbrt' the second. reading of the BUI, but would mike scms amendments in Committee, and if they were not carried he would have to oppose the third reading. ? (Hear, hear.) ?: ?? On -the motion of Mr. DIXSON, the debate was adjourned till. Thursday. ?..??.- . - INDIAN IMMIGRATION BELL. . In Committee. , ' ' . - Clause 6. Appointment of an Immigration Agent General. ? ?'.-'? Mr. SVMON said that tho clause provided as inappropriate a name as possible for tbe officer who was to superintend the coolie immigration. The officer described in the correspondence which bad taken place on ihe subject and in Major Fergusson's report was called 'Inspector of Immigrants,' and he thought that was the name that should be adopted. He moved that the clauso be amended accordingly. . ' : ' The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray) asked the bon. member not to press the amendment. The title was a little awkward st first sight, he admitted, but in explaining what conditions would have to regulate coolie labour to the Northern Territory the Indian Government had used it, and it was also used in British Guiana. : Mr. SYMON said it seemed hardly the sort of name to describe the officer by, and having another Agent-General at home the title might be mislead ing, The parallel of British Guiana was not a good one, because there was nothing but coolie Immigri tion there. The matter was one of importance, and he would press his amendment. ? Mr. 'HARDY thought it was desirable to keep as closely as possible tothe words and the terms gene rally used over all the colonies in this respect, and he wonld support the clause as it stood. The Hon. J. CABR considered the name too high-sounding for the Office, and suggested ' Pro tector of Immigrants' as more fully descnbin? the duties of the office. . _ „ „ . The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. 3. C. Bray) asked 'Mr. Symon not to pros the amendment at present ; and if it were necessary to alter tbe clause, it could be done at another opportunity. Mr.. SYMON did not wish to create any incon venience, and suggested that tho better way would be not to proceed with the Bill, as there was only a small House. . „ , , The CHAIRMAN— Attention has been called to the state of the House. Let 'be bells be rung. A -House having been made up, progress was re ported, and leave obtained to sit again next day. ADJOURNMENT On the motion of the CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J.CBrflT), the House adjourned at llmmutes XI „ _-'wv #;n en.m. on Wednesday. 