Sit raft Prom, A Pattern Woman — The dressmaker. A Wooden Spoon— A blockhead of a lover. A promising young man may do very well perhaps— a paying one better. Mistress—' Forgot it ! Why, I told you to impress it on your mind.' Bridget—' It was on me moind I put it, mum, an9 me moind wint asthray wid it.' 'Ask no woman her age,' says a recent writer on social ethics. Of course not. It would be folly to do so. Ask her next best lady friend. She will never fail to give the information. ' I can't give you this paper, Tommy, to read, because there are some things you mustn't see.' ' Well, Annie, just put a mark against them, and. I'll know which they are.' Liady — 'What, seeking a moment's quiet, Mr. Surface; far from the madding crowd, eh?' Swell— ' Well — ah— yaas; but it's ?vewey hard to find, where evewy one's dressed bo loud.' 'I hear Mr. Griffin has the pneumonia,3' said Mrs. Budds, who was calling on Mrs. Potts. 'WelL I don't believe it,' retorted Mrs. Potts ; ' he's too mean. If he has any tnonia at all, it's an old or second-hand one.* 'Oh, Moike, Moike, Darlint!' cried his wife, as her husband was brought home to her with his legs broken from a fall down an elevator, ' do ye think any harm will come av it, Moike f ' Divil a bit, if the docthers don't foind it out,' was the sufferer's answer. Member of the church out of breath — ' What are you ringing that bell for ? What are you ringing that bell for 2' Sexton— ' Why, Mr. Blower is dead.' ' Oh, no, it isn't true. Stop the bell.' Sexton— ' Well, then, I s'pose I've tolled a lie' The laziest man is on a Western paper. He spells photograph '4tograph.:- There have been only three worse than he. One lived out in Kansas, and dated Ms letters 'llworth;'anotnerspelledTennessee'10aC,' and the other wrote Wyandotte ' Y&O.;' *' Don't weep, my friend,' said the pastor to the sorrowing' widower, as he stood beside his wife's coffin. ' Don't weep ; she has gone to heaven.' 'Yes, I know she has gone there,' replied the afflicted man, 'and that is what makes it so hard to bear. I know I'll never see her again.' A Philadelphia grocer, being solicited to contribute to the building of a church, promptly subscribed his name to the paper in the following eccentric manner : — ' John Jones (the only place in town where you can get eleven pounds of sugar for a dollar), 25 cents.' Sir Boyle Roche, in a wordy conflict with Curran in the Irish House of Commons, made some allusion to Curran's honor. ' Sir,' said Curran, ' do not speak of my honor ; I am the guardian of my own honor.' ' Faith,' eaid Sir Boyle, ' I knew that some time or other you would accept a sinecure.' Miss Brown, who is no longer young, was chiding Miss Moire for her fodfeshness in carrying a parasol, which Miss Brown said was useless and a piece of affectation. ' I never carry a parasol,' she said. ' No,' re plied Miss'Moire ; 'people on the shady side of life have no use for them.' It was evening. Three of them were killing a cat. One of them held a lantern, another held the cat, and the third jammed a pistol into the cat's ear and fired, shooting the man in the hand who held the cat, and the one with the lantern was wounded in the arm. The cat left when it saw how matters stood, and that ill-feeling was being engendered. 'You look cheerful, Mr. Spisery' said a friend v.-ho met the old gentleman ambling down the street. 'Yes,' said the interro gated, 'I have just had a troublesome grinder pulled ;' and when the sympathising gentleman asked him. if it hurt Mm much, Seth cheerfully responded, 'Not a bit; it was an organ-grinder, and a policeman pulled him.' A wicked boy got into a fight with his uncle, and biting oil liis nose swallowed it. He was brought before the police court, his uncle appearing against him. ' This is your nephew, is he,' asked the magistrate. 'I am sorry to say be is.' ' I_ think I detect some resemblance,' said the judge. ' Yes,' replied the uncle, mournfully, 'he has my nose.' ' Pat,' said a gentleman who was fond of using high-sounding phraseology to his man of all work. ' I am going to town at 10 o'clock and shall weed out the cucumber beds in the interim.' 'Interim?' thought Pat. 'That's a mighty quarename fora garden anyhow.' ' Is Mr. Smith at home ?' asked a Tisitor who called shortly afterward. ' Yes, sorr'; ye'll find him at work in his interim, there beyant,' announced Pat. There was a very irascible old gentleman who formerly held the position of justice of the peace in_ a backwoods village. Going down the main street one day an idle person Soke to him without coming up to His oner's idea of deference. 'Young man, I fine you five dollars for contempt of court.' 'Why, judge,' said the offender, 'you are not in session.' 'This court,' responded the justice, thoroughly irritated, ' is always in session, and consequently always an object of contempt.' There was disorder in court as His Honor passed on. Referring to an East India colonel who lately reported a London policeman to the chief commissioner for addressing the colonel's wife as a ' woman,' Mr. Labou chere recalls two good old anecdotes ; one of the preacher who said, ' Who were hist at the cross?— Ladies ! Who were first at the sepulchre?— Ladies!' and the other of the Irish sentry when a woman wished to pass him. He told her that no one could go by. ' You do not know who I am,' she said ; ' I am the colonel's lady.' ' Verysorry, ma'am,' replied the sentry, ' but I could not allow you to pass even if you were the colonel's wife.-'' A common type of persons are those who ?will never consent to be outdone on any sub ject. One of these marvel-mongew, relates a contemporary, was talking to a friend at a railway station the other day, when a very small man toddled down theplatform. ' Look at that little creature !' the friend said. ' By Jove, that's the smallest man I ever saw in my life!' 'Really?' his companion care lessly rejoined. ' Really ? Yes, really and truly, too. Do you mean to-say that you have ever seen a smaller ?' said the friend, and he soon had his answer. 'My dear fellow, I know a man so small that if he has a pain he can't tell whether he has a sore throat or a stomach- ache.' And enterprising Boston book agent, re turning from New York with some elegantly liondon-bound and-costly copies of the revised Hew Testament, soon found his way into the directors' room-of one of State street banks and saw the cashier, who as soon as he learned his business ordered him out. The book agent quietly remarking, 'I meet so many gentle men in the course of a week that I can afford j to meet a snob occasionally,' walked out. The next day he called at the bank againand wished to open an account. He was again shown into the directors' room, gave very satisfactory reasons for opening the account and deposited 3,000 dollars. The cashier could hardly do less than apologise for his rudeness the day preceding, -ordered an ex pensive copy of the work, and allowed access to the teller, bookkeeper, and clerks — several of whom did the same. Two days afterwards every cent was drawn out. It was not to be denied, says a writer in the Sporting and Dramatic Neios, that the hero of this story was a real good sportsman. He was out shooting with a friend one frosty day, when they came to a very wide ditch that had to be crossed, for somewhere on the other side they had marked down a snipe. The friend, a little man of 9 st. or so, went first and pronounced that the ice would bear ; but because it was strong enough for 9 st. it did not follow that it was strong enough for well on the way to 19. The big man, how ever, determined to venture, and took one step, and then another, while his little friend on the opposite.bank held out a helping hand; but, just as the welter weight was stretching for it, up jumped the bird with its cry of ' Scape, scape !' and the light gunner turned round hastily and blazed away, while his huge companion slipped, crack wentthe ice, and be disappeared into some 5 feet of black mud and slime as the guii went off. Presently he emerged, and, having cleared his eyes and mouth and shaken some of the water from his dripping clothes as he clambered up the steep bank, he simply enquired, 'Did you get it?' If an editor, sitting by the side of his Angelina on the sea shore, asked her to allow him to kiss her, what newspapers and periodicals might she name in her reply? Let there be no 'Observer;' no ' Spectator;' neither let there be any 'Record' of it; ' Chronicle' it not, lest some busybody either ' Telegraph' or 'Dispatch' a ' Messenger' to my ' Guardian' and I receive a ' Graphic' letter by the ' Morning Post' bidding me re turn within an ' Hour ;' or my brother him self, as the 'Family Herald,' come over ?'Land, and Water' by the ' Daily Express,' and with the pugnacity of an 'Englishman,' ' ' Punch'1 your head like ' ' Fun.' But rather wait till the 'Sun' goes down, when ' Nature' is about to seek repose ; when the ' Queen' of the night illuminates the *' Field' with her ' Lamp,' and the evening ' Star' glitters on the 'Standard' of the West. Then, in a sweet ' Country' dell, safe from the chaff of 'Funny Folks,' free from the fear of 'Public Opinion,' and from any 'Advertiser' of our love— then, in 'Truth,' I will yield you my ' Hand and Heart,' and you may kiss me as many 'Times' as the waves beat against the 'Rock,' for no ' Echo' shall betray us to the ' World,' nor disturb the even motion of this 'Globe.' Then, indeed, shall the ' Fountain' of your love burst forth, and your vows be graven on the ' Tablet' of my heart ; and with the sound of 'Wedding Bells' ringing in my ears, I shall have something to add to the ' Daily News' of my 'Young Ladies' Journal.' Six or eight congenial spirits sat around a stove in a grocery out west one night, and, after several other subjects had been ex hausted, some one introduced that of panics in churches, theatres, and halls. This gave Mr.HopeweUacnan.ee to remark, 'Gentle- men, I just long to be there.' 'Where?' 'Why, in one of those panics. Yes, sir, I'd give a new twenty-dollar bill to be in the theatre one night when there was an occasion for a panic.' 'Why?' 'Why? Because one cool, level- headed man could stop the thing as easily as you could end up that barrel of flour.' ' Well, I dunno about that,' observed one of the sitters. ' There is some thing awful in the cry of ' Fire,' and, hear it where and when you may, it startles and frightens. What would you do in a theatre in case there was a cry of ' Fire ' and a rush ?' 'I'd stand upon my seat, pull a revolver from my pocket, and shout out that I'd shoot the first man who attempted to crowd or rush. One cool man would check the panic in ten seconds.' While the subject was being con tinued, the grocer withdrew to the rear end of the store, poured a little powder on a board, and gave three or four men the wink. Pre sently there was a bright flash, yells of 'Fire I' and ' Powder 1' and every man sprang up and rushed out. Hopcwell did not spring up and talk of shooting. On the con trary, he fell over a lot of baskets piled be tween him and the door, got up to plough Ms way over a rack of brooms, and when he reached the street was on all-fours, white as a ghost, and so frightened that he never looked back until he reached the opposite side of the thoroughfare. One day an editor, bar* at work trying to devise a plan to make his delinquent sub scribers pay their dues, was called upon by a shoemaker, who dropped in to give the editor some valuable hints on running a newspaper. The editor, overjoyed at the opportunity, fave the man his best cane-seat chair, honored im with a fresh cigar, and listened atten tively to what he had to say. Quoth the shoemaker, as he lit the weed — ' Your paper needs a hundred improved features. You do not grasp the topics of the day by the right handle ; you do not set the locals in the right kind of type ; your telegram news is too thin ; even the paper itself is poorly manufactured, not thick enough, and too chalky white ; you don't run enough matter, and what you do ain't of the right sort ; your idea about pro tective tariff is foolish, and your stand in the Conkling matter was bad. I tell you these things because T want to see you succeed. I tell you as a friend. I don't take your paper myself, but I see it once in a while, and as a paper is a public affair I suppose I have as good a right to criticise as anybody. If a man wants to give me advice I let him. I'm glad to have him, in fact.' 'That's exactly it,' said the editor, kindly ; ' I always had a dim idea of my shortcomings, but never had them so clearly and convincingly set forth as by you. It is impossible to express my grati tude for the trouble you have taken, not only tofindoutthesefactSjbuttopointthemoutalso. Some people, knowing all these things, perhaps nearly as well as you, are mean enough to keep them to themselves. Your suggestions come in a most appropriate time. I have wanted some one to lean on, as it were, for some weeks. Keep your eye on the paper, and when you see a weak spot, come up.' The shoemaker left, happy to know that his suggestions had been received with such a Christian spirit. Next day, just as he was finishing a boot, the editor came in, and, X-ieking up the mate, remarked: — 'I want to tell you how that boot strikes me. In the first place, the leather is poor ; the stitches in the sole are wide apart, and the uppers too near the edge. Those uppers will go to pieces in two weeks. It's all wrong, my friend, putting poor leather in the heels and smooth ing it over with grease and lampblack. Every body complains of your boots— they don't last, the legs are too short, the toes toonarrow, and the instep too high. Howyoucan have the jrall to charge S12 for such boots beats me. Now I tell you this because I like to see you succeed. Of course, I don't know any more about slice-making than you do about a news paper, but still I take an interest in you because you were so well disposed to me. In fact, I ? ' Here the exasperated cobbler grabbed a lapstonc, and the editor gained the street, followed by old knives, pincers, lammers, and awls, sent after him by the wrathful cobbler, who, on regaining his seat swore by the nine gods that no impertinent lop-eared idiot should ever come round trying to teach him his trade. 