?%&uk; m& ify |w THEATRE ROYAL. We do not know why Mr. Dampier reserved for Ms benefit night and his last appearance in Adelaide for the present a character in ?which he might well have 'starred' fora week or a fortnight had he put ?* liouis XL' on the boards at an earlier periodof the season. We have had opportunities of knowing and seeing Mr. Dampier in his leading parts for a number of years past, and the conclusion we had arrived at previous to Friday night was that he had gained a great deal of stage experience at the sacrifice of the force aad originality that at one time distinguished his fyCfrinil. JUiy lUCkU TOWS JXMBjr £JK»jf t/Lrc; OtllW/ round of characters from year's end to year's end, will by and bye go through the business of the night in a somewhat perfunctory man ner, and many of the leading parts in the modern sensational drama are actually not worthy of the serious study of an actor who is capable of better things. Shakesperian pieces are not popular, because the 'star' on ordinary occasions meets with very poor support ; hence a ' legitimate' actor of Mr. Dampier's calibre may insensibly drift oat of the groove for which he is best fitted, or may fail to ' continue on the lead' (to use a gold fields expression) that would carry him on to fortune and win him lasting fame. Some such reflection as this must have roused Mr. Dampier himself to make a thorough study of a part that was the masterpiece of Charles Kcan, and in which other cele brities have made their mark, one of the most recent being Mr. Irving at the Lyceum . Of Kean's impersonation of Louis at the Princess's we have a lively recollection, and there were those present at the theatre on Friday who, having witnessed Irving's rendi tion of the same character, gave the most cordial praise to Mr. Dampier. For our selves we can say that it was a masterly and clever performance throughout ; not an imitation of Kean or of Irving, or Montgomery. Mr Dampier having fitted the part to himself, embodied it, and carried it through on his own lines — occa- sionally missing a good point made by others, but presenting the Eleventh Louis according to Ms own lights — less senile, and more mas culine than the Louis of the artists we have named, Mr. Dampier it must be remem bered, has naturally a full sonorous voice, Charles Kean had, in his latter days especi ally, a cracked 'piping treble' that lent a lachrymose sound to Louis canting changes of humor, and aided him wonderfully in the later episodes of the play. Instead of the feeble slipshod monarch that shuffles across the scene in the last stages of decrepi tude Mr. Dampier's Louis is a man who has strength of purpose, and strength of will to almost control the feebleness of his body, calling occasionally for aid from his atten dants to bear him up against the pains that rack and torture him, and it is only in the last act that he presents the picture of sense less stupefaction and rapid decay that ends in dissolution ; and thisjit can fairly be imagined is brought about by the shock that he receives in the assault of Kemours, where he loses his reason and supposes that he has been assailed by the ghost of the murdered Duke. We never witnessed more natural acting than the off-hand cunning of Louis' manner in the earlier scenes— bis fits of rage, his implacable cruelty, his remorseless hypocrisy, were all brought out in bold relief to the suavity and pretended friendliness that were assumed to his physician and others about him upon whom he was for the time being dependent. His cunning was, however, not so insidious or subtle as Kean's, nor were his fits of re ligions fervor so pronounced; but he gave on the whole a consistent and scholarly concep tion of the character, and deservedly won tiie best opinions of all who were present. His make-up was excellent, the appear ance of age in his features being given with hollow cheeks, overhanging eyebrows, sunken eyes, and long grey locks that hung dishevelled about his shoulders, o were enclosed in a tight-fitting skull-cap. As we have previously stated we regret that Mr. Dampier did not appear as Louis earlier in the season, because lie achieved a genuine success in the part., and afforded an enjoyable performance to a crowded and well-pleased audience. Miss Lily Dampier also appeared to great advantage as the Dauphin, and shared in the honors of the evening. Mr. Carey did ample justice to the role of the Duke de Nemoura, and Miss Amie Adere was a pleasing Marie. Miss Maggie Oliver as Martha ; Mr. Elemming as Francois de Paule ; Mr. Douglas as Tristan ; Mr. Emmett as CGrtier ; and Mr. Poolc as Marcel, contributed to the success of the piece : but owing to the various dramas that have been produced during the week, there was an occasional evidence of want of re hearsal that might have been rectified by some of the company. The performance from Shakspcare'a ' Midsummer Night's Dream.' The close of the dramatic season at the Theatre Eoyal was signalised on Aug. 19 by a benefit to Mr. W. 6. Carey and a doable bill suitable to the occasion. There was a large attendance, and the beneficiare met with a very cordial reception. The entertainment opened with ' Grimaldi ; or, the life of an actress,'1 in which Mr. Dampier in the title role, and Miss Adere as Violet, carried off the honors, the remaining parts being dis posed as follows :— Lord Shafton, Mr. E. D. Mowry ; Maltravers, Mr. H. A. Douglas ; Selwin Dawdle, Mr. H. W. Emmett ; Wop shot, Mr. Sam. Poole: Hopkins, Mr. J. Hasker; Call Boy, Mr. Love: Julia, Bliss Ada Grantleigh ; Mrs. Hopkins, Miss Tilly Francis; Bridget, Miss K. Keely. During the interval Mr. F. S. Carroll recited 'The Charge of the light Brigade.' The evening's performance closed with 'Rob Eoy,' which was given in a most rollicking fashion and with very little regard to the dramatic equities, the piece seeming to afford as much amusement to the performers as to the spectators. Mr. Carey was a vigorous representative of the famous Rob Eoy Mac gregor. Mr.Grantleighwas Mr. Gordon'ssub stitute for the savage Dougai, and seemed to revel in thepart. Mr.L. M. Tier was anamus ing Major Gaibraitb. Mr. Douglasastouisiied his admirers by singiug very agreeably the various songs, &.c, that fall to his share as Francis Osbaldisten. Mr. Muagrave wanted an interpreter to explain much of what he gabbled as Bailie Kicol Jarvie, Mr. Flemming as Captain Thornton, Miss Melrbse as Helen Macgregor. Maggie Oliver as Mattic, Miss Graiitlcigh as Diana, and other members of the company completed the cast. 