BROKEN BONDS. BY HAWLEY SMART, Author of " Courtship in 1720," "Two Kisses,1 "Race for a Wife?' and " False Cards." Chapter XXIV.—A Bid por Liberty'. ( Continued.) No sooner were they turned Ioo3e, for the customary hour of license on the ensuing: Sab hath than'Blades at once joined him. " I've had a find this week, mate," said the burglar with a wink. " Not a very big thing, nor yet a very valuable thing, but if they happen to leave one or two more such about in my way I'm blessed if I shan't have to make use of "cm. My fingers are always itching to see what I can do with tools when I get hold of 'em." . '"What did yon find?" asked Maurice with some curiosity. "Nothing you'd think of much account— wouldn't know how to use it when you got it —which it were a gimlet," replied Blades facetiously. . Maurice certainly did not consider [that any great acquisition, and his look said as much. " No, I didn't suppose you d tmnk a deal of it," continued Blades, answering the un spoken comment visible on lii3 companion's face. "But you'll maybe think more of it a few weeks lience. Now, what's the matter? Out with it quick, for time here is limited as regards talking and eating, though when it comes to work they're liberal—oh, very— perhaps just a trifle too much so. They've cal culated to about forty seconds what's the utmost to be got out of you on the rations as they stand. Ugh ? the skinflints!" " Well," replied Maurice, " I want to get • °U" singtfiav that, very," observed Mr. Blades, meditatively. " There's fifteen hundred or so here suffering from that identical complaint. I'm quite surprised at your catching it!" "Don'ttalk nonsense—you know what I mean. I want to try my hand at an escape." " Tiy away, by all means, and if it comes off, I'll cheer, if I get seven days in ' the separates' for it-.. But you're clean mad. You!—why you wouldn't have a ghost of a chance. "I know that," returned Maurice—"not alone; but you're going with mc." " Well, you swells are cool, I ve been told, replied the burglar, gazing at his companion in blank astonishment, " but blest if ever I heard the lilies o' that!'' " Why," urged Maurice, "you are. always bragging tliat you can go oufc o£ this place when you like. Why should you refuse to take me with you?" ■ , ,, ! "OLord!" cried Mr. Blades, "hold me, I somebody! I'd faint dead, only the barbarians 1 here bring you round with cold water instead of brandy, as is- the way amongst civilized PC"1Confound your foolery!" exclaimed Maurice, angrily. " What do you mean!" "Don't talk so loud," interposed Blades quickly. "I mean this, that, whatever I might think fit to do, I should'nt burden my self with a greenhorn like you in the 1 j usincs s»J 5 "You'd be well paid for it," retorted Maurice, sullenly. . "Hum!" said Blades, "that's another thing. Why could'nt you say so before ?" "Because I didn't think of it." "I shall go off in hystrikes—I know I shall. I've heard—beg pardon—you were 3t man of business once." Maurice nodded assent, " Well, you came to trouble. It am t muck to be wondered at. Didn't you ever find out, when you wanted anything that the easiest wav was to ask whoever hadgot it to sell what he wanted for it ? It would have saved a deal of lime in the present instance." " Go on," said Maurice quietly. " Exactly," said Mr. Blades, who was never tired of hearing his own voice. "You want • • to slope from Portland—that's what's the matter with you. Well, you can't do it oa vour own hook, no more nor a babby. • N ow, 'ays you, or rather ought to have said, 4 Bill, my philanthropic pippin, what's yourJigger for restoring an innocent to his family: . "What will I guarantee you?" saidMaurice, interrogatively. ■ "Now, really," said Mr. Blades, depre eati'nely, and shaking his head, this ■ am t business, you know. Wlistfc s tlic use of your guaranteeing inside this precious old combina tion of stone, bars, and timber?" .. "Tell me what you mean, then, said Maurice, impatiently. , . , . " Pity you ain't got a quicker head for busi ness," replied the burglar. "Ju3t you sum up what you arc going to lodge in the hands of a pal of mine at the Cock and Compasses, Charles-street, Druiy-lane, before I move a finder. I feel pretty ripe for a burst out myself, and I've got together most of the •tackle needful; but I ain't ready yet,.and shan't be, probably, for another fortnight. If vcu make it worth my while, we'll go. "What will make it worth your while? asked Maurice. "I fancy anything within reason I can promise you." '4 Let me think it over a hit. And the two paced round and round in silence. " Listen, now," said Blades at last. . He member, I shall run a heavy risk in trying to lake a greenhorn like you out with mc. All the work will'have to be done by me, because I reckon holding the candle will be about as much as you're good for—of course we miwt go by night. You're grit and won't flinch ? he exclaimed, suddenly, staring his companion straight in the face. . "Try me," replied Maurice, simply, and his blue eyes met those of Mr. Blades uu ^""you'Ti do," replied the latter. " I don't often make a mistake about a fellow. You may be clumsy, but you won't funk. Now, he continued,4 I'll have two hundred lodged in London before I start, and know it is there. And you shall sign a promissory note to pay ; two hundred more within a month, if yon get clean off. Will that do ?'' Maurice laughed. ; "What are vou grinning at: enciuueti Blades, testily.' "Islt too much? Tins child ■don't do it cheaper, that's all." 44 No, I am laughing at you, retorted Maurice. 44 You count* yourself ; a man of business. What do you suppose a convicts promissory note is worth ?" ,, , ,, 44 Well, I mean some of your folk3 shall sign it," replied the burglar, somewhat chap • fallen at his egregious mistake. . 441 can't of course promise you anything till I have communicated with my friends, said Maiu-ice. " What you want is two huu dred down, and two more withm a month, ie i accomplish my escape. Blades nodded. 44 Very well. You say you arc not ready yet. Continue your preparations, and think how you mean to proceed when everything is ripe. In the meanwhile I will see if the money can he found." 44 Look here," replied the burglar, you speak like a gentleman, You've made no haggling about the price, and I ve put it up pretty stiff. If we deal, and do go, 111 play on the square with you. I'll not cramp your chance by hampering you with me. lhere s my hand." , And the two clasped hands. If Mr, Blades's last speech sounds a little magniloquent, we must not do that astute gentleman injustice. He_ certainly meant to behave honestly to Maurice. He justly sur mised that- amateur help woiilcl be at his dis posalas soon as lie was outside prison, but of amateur assistance Mr. Blades had the most supreme contempt. He juaged, in the few minutes that he had for reflection, the sooner lie shookl disembarrass himself of his companion the better would be his own cliancc of escape. And with an_ assurance ot two hundred pounds awaiting him m London, Mr. Blades felt that recapture would be bitter indeed. True, lie was aware that no one as yet bad ever got clear away from Bort . land : but then, lie argued, no one of lus capabilities had ever tried." Mere bunglers, all these predecessors of his, he thought. A. very diiffcrent affair from the ceicbi-atel Li" Blades makiDg such an attempt. As for that second two hundred, well, he never ex pected to sec any of that, but it w as just as well to put it in the bond. . , Had he dreamt what help Maurice was ta receive from the outside, and by what sflilled hands it would be conducted, lie would probably bare made it a sine qua non that he should share his fortunes. * Noti:.—Since this story was penned, I have been informed that a prisoner did actually succeed m making good his escape from Portland. He was of aif orderlv turn of mind, and returned his convict "arb carefully done up in brown paper, to the Governor, about a year afterwards, with an intima tion that lie had no further use for it. (To be continued.) The enquiry into the accident to the bar quette Empress of China, which occurred, near King's Island on May 11 last, was con tinued by the Marine Board on Thursday morning, Jutie 15. There were present— Captain B. H. Ferguson, S.M. (president). Captain J. W. Smith, J.P. Mr. S. D. Glyde, J.P., Mr. J. Formby. and Captain A. McCoy, J.P. (wardens), with the secretary. The boatswain gave a little evidence, but nothing fresh was elicited. After sitting for a short time the board adjourned till the following day, when their decision will be given. A very interesting and instructive lecture on *• The Solar System" was delivered at the Robert-street Church lecture hall, Hind marah, on Thursday, June 15, by Mr. H. D. Smith in connection with the Young Men's Literary Society. The lecture wa3 amply illustrated by diagrams, which were clearly defined and explained. Recitations were given by members of the society. Mr. .Willis contri buting " Over the hill to the poorhouse." ''Excelsior" was given by Miv T. Brooker, and "The execution of Montro3e"by Mr. Jas. Weeks, which were loudly applauded. Mr. E. Palmer sang in good style " The Slave Ship." Mr. Kiduer presided. 