YOUNG ADAM. In beginning a series of sketches of eminent people, it seems fitting that wq commence with Adam. It is rather difficult to conceive Adam as a boy, we admit, owing ti the popular superstition that has painted liim coming into the world full grown, with whiskers and mous tache complete, and a prevailing belief that there wasn t a boj in the world until Eve came and raised the Old Boy with Adam; yet we prefer to think of our ancient progenitor as having had something of a boyhood, and we suppose we have - as good a right to theorise upon the subject -as any one else. Adam was probably/ as mis chievous,' naturally, as hoys generally are. In'fact, Darwin says lie was * a perfect little monkey,' which we believe is a sj'nomymfor mischiovonsness all the world - overl But -He had ho companions in-his gambols. If he stayed out after dark and got to cutting up, it was all by himself. And what sport could he have ringing' door bells without a lot of other, boys to scamper away with? .And consider the melancholy fun of fastening cords across tho streets at night with nobody to trip over them. We can imagine young Adam, with all the instincts of a boy two inches thick in his nature, looking about for some way to divert himsolf as other boys do, and whimpering to him self, ' Can't have any fun! * Of course he couldn't, by any possibility, have any fun. No fun running away from school, or .stealing off to go in swimming, because there was ho one to lick him when he got home. No fun sneaking up into the haymow to indulge in a surreptitious game of euchre— always *had to play it alone.' He couldn't play ' tag,' because hemightyell 1 I've got the, tag' all day, and there would be no one to come and take it from him. 'Hi-spy* had no charm, for a boy soon gets tired of hiding when he has to go to work to find himself. And whero is there a boy who likes to go to work and 1 find himself ? *: The more we think of Adam's boyhood the more we are inclined to pity him. He norcr knew what a circus was—at least, not until Ere had come in and introduced him to one. Bub wo hare nothing to do with that now, as we aro only treating of Adam's boyhood. Truo, there was a big menagerie all round liim, but the animals were tame affairs, lambs and lions lying down together in the most spiritless concord, and the hippopotamus and canary birds playing with each other like Kittens. Little Adam never sat away upon the highest scats and gazed awe stricken while a man ia spangled tights sprang whip in hand into the cage of savage beasts that rolled their eyes, gnashed their teeth, and roared until the canvas overhead flapped for very fear. No, indeed? he never saw a thin-legged female in short skirts ride a galloping horso around a ring and jump through a hoop while a man with his face painted white and his mouth a red exaggera tion tells that convulsive story about stuffing bay into Ills sboes to fill them out and his calves going down to eat the hay. Young Adum never saw 'the old clown,' though he came very soon after Adam's day, and the joke the commenced! with he has been getting off ever since. And now about the cricket ? Ho you suppose that Adam knew anything about tbo exhilarating diversion that is bow doing so much towards developing the intellect of our youth ? There is no likelihood of it, not whilo he was a boy. Whilo there were so many things that the boy Adam missed, think not that liis solitary life was not without its compensation There was no ether boy to steal his marbles, or-hide bis top, or jeer at him because he had to wear bis big brother's cast off clothes, or holler across the street that he had 'a letter in the post-office,'or fix a bent pin forbimtosit upon, or make faces at his sister, rr spell him down, or steal his dinner, or tell of him when he had been in mischief, or beat him out of his sweetheart. Adam escaped these and a thou sand other annoyances that boys subject cadi other to. He hadn't any brothers and sisters to tease and worry him, and with whom he .was compelled to divide ' his play: things and any nice thing to eat that might come "that way. Ho could leave a piece of sweet'"cake lying aromid anywhere, know: ing that' none of the rest" of the children would touch it; and at niglit, on retiring, he could stick 'bis gum' oh the.headboard, con fident that it would-rest undisturbed until morning. Whatever trouble and annoyances his "matrimonial life may have brought him, wc find a kind of satisfaction in reflecting that Adam's boyhood was exceptionally free from care, and on that account wc are bound to con clude his life was not an entire failure. Do the 1 books in the running brooks ' rightly oome under the head of current literature ? . - ' - Whtot does a sculptor make provision for tho future? When he is planning a head. * A fattrioax innkeeper advertisoa his house as4 the only second.class hotel in the world/ ' As a proof that hens havo delicate sestbetic sense it is remarked that tbey always seem to wipe their feet when they enter a flower garden. ~ A THB1TBE manager was asked why ho em. ployed such bad actors', and he replied,1 Would you hare me lot tho poor wretches starve ? ' * Neuralgia ' is the. charming name ' borne by a charming girl. Her fond mother found it on a medicine bottle, and was captivated with itsftwoetnojs. . > * I'm told, Mr. Jones, that you are becoming a terribly hard drinkor.' 4 Not a bit,' cried Jones, 'not a bit. No man ever drank more easily/* . Oss of the members for Wicklow assured his Audience in the Lower House recently that,' as long as Troland rwas silent under her wrongs England was deaf to her cries/ Why are a true lover's visits like aBupbessful newspaper ? Because Ihoy commence weekly, become bi-weekly, then triweekly, and then ! daily, with a Sunday supplement. ! [ How time changes/ exclaims an exohange. | ' In the good old Tcetameut days it was j considered a miracle for an ass to speak, and j now nothing short of a miraele will keep one I quiet/\ -iPuriL; ' What is a hero, Mr.BirohemP : Teather (Mr. Birchem) : £ hero is a man who j c-.nqueris himself/. xapil':.;'4Ahl Isoe... A man who can sit down.! on a taok and only feel aadaboutit/ 1 " ' • .. . 1 • < Mb. Boatman/ said- a timid woman to the ferryman who was rowing her aoross the river, 1'are people over lost in this river?* 1 Ob, no, ma'am/ ho replied,1 we always find 'om again within-a day or so/ ;* "-; Magistrate to witness with bandaged head: 4 Did He have any'provocation when ho struck you?' 'Witness: 'He. may havo had some thing of the kind concealed on his per.-on, but it was a brick ho struck me with.' '.•Why don't you grow a mouetacho, Edwin ? Ton would look much better/ ' I don't want one. I've goto pair of cricketer's. whiskers/: 'Cricketer's whiskers 1 What" are they?'; ' Eleven on each side/dear/ • Instuuctor ' in Latin: * Miss; B., of what war Ceres the goddess?' : Mies B. : '8he was the goddess of marriage'/ Instructor: ' Oh,' no—of agriculture/ Miss. B. (looking per-; plexed): * Why, I'm sure my book saya she is the goddess of husbandry/ : ' Do you reside in this city P asked a masked man of a mat bed lady at a masked "party, the other evening. . He felt eiok when she said to him, in a'low voice Don't be a fool, Johnj I know yon by the wart on your thumb.' It was his wife. • 'A he sister Sally and Nancy resources, pa?' 1 No, my boy.—Why doyouaak that question ?' 'Because I heard uncle Joe say: that if ydu would only husband your resources you would get along a great deal- better than you do. ihat'a all.' 'Ain't you going/to'put your'house in mourning on this solemn occasion, Air. Smikef9 said a villago patriot to a neighbour, roproach fully. 'No, of course I'ain't,' returned the unabashed Smike. / ' Aire. S/s mother died yesterday,, and it might create a false impres sion.'' ' "• . A young.lady artist married a young gentle man artist. The unole of tho bride mado a call apon them, and found them sitting in opposite corners of their joint studio in tbe sulks, the husband sayiog that his wife's waist was but of proportioo, and the wife saying that her hus band's nose was too small. A gentleman who had dined too well, and laid himself open to a remark that he had been passing tbe bottle inordinately, or rather stop ping it from passing by filling his glass, said, 'It it not the wine I have taken that has affected me—not in the least. Don't think that. It's not the wine; it's my inability to carry it comfortably/ : ' Come,' said one of a couple of lawyers, sauntering throughthe new law courts in Mel bourne the other day, 'Let's take a look at what is to'be in the now Court/ 'Yes/ re turned tho other, ' lot's visit the ground where we shall shortly lie/ Music teacher: ' Oh, yeB, Miss Clotilda likes playing tunes well enough, but she shudders at tho very mention of the soaks/ lietired Chcceemcnger a wife (loftily) : ' I should hope so, indeed ! You'll bear in mind, sir, that we've nothink to do with the business now.' Tub moonlight stole through the Venetian blinds and illuminated the brow of the fair Cincinnatianj as Alfred Dclainayne of Cincin nati stooped and pressed his lip upon it, saying: 'Your leva for me will be eternal as tbe light of tho stars ?' 4 Yes, Al/ she impuUively mur mured,.' C swear to love you as long as pork fat will grewe griddles'/ Two Irishmen wore poring over a newspaper, and coming lo the heading' Latest/ and then, immediately following it, to the heading ' Very Latest,' one said to the other, ' An' sure, Tim, will ye be.after explainin* what this manes?' ' Arrah, bedad,' said Tim, ' an' it's meaelf that can explain it to ye. Sure the latest is what comes in time to bo printed, and tho very latest is what comes after the paper is out.' Mb Maubowfat had been oomplaioing of nervousness, and declared that of l«te ho felt so bad that any excitement was mcsfc distress ing to him. One day he asked the family phy sician what ho should take for it. - '.Is it noise that chiefly troubles you?' 'I tbink jit is,' said Mr. Marrowfat. {Very well/ resumed the astute and sympathising Galen,-'put.a spoonful of paregoric in your wife's coffee every morning/ '"What did yon do with that letter that' was on niy tablo ?' asked Gus Do Bmith of tho coloured boy who'clcans up his room. /1 tuck it-to tho poEt office,Bah, and put it in de hole.' ' What, did you do that for ? Did you not aco tHoro* was no address on the envelope ?' ' I saw dat dar was no writin' on do 'volopo, but I lowod yor.did dat ar on purpose, so I oouldn't ! toll who yer was a'writin' lo. I'so an odic&ted; I negro, Iiis.'—zl'fxas Sifting*. \- Thsbb was an amateur Ihoatrioal perform ance a few.nights ago in 8 fashionablo mansion on Aus'in avenue. GusDe Smith was engaged to play tho.tfAorf in 'Hamlet.' 'Now, Gus/ said the manager, 'all in tho world you have to do la to come in and my, " I r m thy father's ghost,": and you must do it in a deep, sonorous voice/ Gns eaid he wantod some hard part, whero ho might bavo a cbauoo to Bpread him* a-jlf, but finally agreed; to do as he wsb told. Whon the ghoal's turn camo, ho spoiled tho tragio effect of tho wholo pcrformanno by sayiug: 'lam thy father's gho«t, and you | must do it iu a deep, eonoroua voice.' Siftingi. 