CHILDREN'S COLUMN. PICKLES AT THE COP. Some time ago I was told that if I was s vervgood boy at my lessons, and did not tease the'cbildren or slide down the bannistera, or play ghosts or any other nice plays, that perhaps ! might be taken to the Cup as» great treat. "It is easy for me always to be top at my lessons, for I am the only one in the class. The others arc girls, and thev don't count; besides, they have a ch*s of their own—second-class I call them. Well, last Monday week jiapa told me to get ready, for we were going to Melbourne that evening. I got my new pocketbook with five shillings and a threepenny bit, shouldered my portmanteau, aad off wo went. So.manv people were in the carnage with us, that I had to stand most of the time, and felt very tired by the time wc arrived sa Melbourne.' We took o cab to Menaes' hoUl, where papa had written to seenre rooms, but who- wc got there were rather disgusted to hear the waiter say— " Noroojn, sir; eveiy bed'taken weeks ego. However, papa said, " We will not go away now that we have eft we: you must put us up somewhere.' 1 The man laughed, and said, " Well, sir, if yon won't go, we must put yoa somewhere; but it won't be much more than a shake-down at Cup time, and it wasn't. I never was so uncomfortable in my life. Papa had & sofa, but I slept on two chairs tbat kept slipping apart, and down I wonld go, flop. This nap- . pened Whenever I wsa getting comfortably. asleep. I asked papa to give me the sofa, and to try my two chairs, but he would not, and I got up in the morning, feeling as sleepy as I was the night before, after dreaming that I was driving ina buggy with one wheel off, and that I tumbled ont every now and then. After this dream I alwayB found myself on the floor. After breakfast we went out, of coarse. People never Beem to live in their houses in Melbourne. Hie streets mre thronged with people, most of them from the country, I should think, by their • look. Papa took me to a shop to- get me some gloves. I do hate cloves, especially kid ones, but I was told thatrii was quite impossible for me to go to the Cup without gloves, BO I got a nice little pair of brown two-buttonea ones for the next day. We went to see "Boccaccio" that evening.. I liked it even better tfcsn V Pinafore." "Kamettft looked splendid, and was beautifully dressed, Consuela sang well, but I liked Isabella best of all She was BO pretty, and sang 9 looked and spoke as well as she looked. Well, Wednesday—Cap Day—came at last. Such a hot morning! "Put oa your lightest suit" said paps; so I wore my white man-ofwars, and white sailor hat; and off wo otarted. We got into' the train at Spencer street—a great crush, of course. We gat into a second class carriage—people got in' anywhere that there was room. Everyone drops of rain fell. Presently we heard a . shout of "They're off;" nnd tbe next thing I taw was Belmont.coming in an easy winner. So papa said 1 (iidirt uijlch care wbo won anything except Ihe Clip, and I had bet my 5s 3d on Sweat Wii'iam because everyone said hs was certain to win. It now began to pour isin, and waa'.I rushed for the stanu, where wc got jammed in the passage for half an bour; daring which time I saw nothing but men's legs aad ladies' dresses. About this time I felt a cold feeling in my hand, and looking down 1 saw that one of my new gloves had split right across the thumb. I took them off quickly, and a gentleman with a big nose said, "A nice toff you are little 'un," and I did look funny, I scppMc, for icy white clfltbcB were quite wet, and my bat was limp from the rain. "1 was glad that a kind friend had asked r,s to ic:isheou in the carriage paddock. We set off Tn the raiu lo lock for him, but thong!: we -.vilked up and down till my legs ached, no sign cf him could we see, though we saw plenty of tempting luncheons under awuiogs. 1 Baid to pa that I thought any ot them would do. but he just i-jok no uotiec of what I said. So at last we found s very food luncheon place under the sUnil, wiiere we had 8«uo Tones and sugar, i thought it was fait, yon know, till I tasted. Sugar aiid bones arc not" nice. Then' we went up again and it poured (" it never wins but it pours," pa Bays}, and someone siud, "5fow for the Cup race," and lots of horses raced by, but I only saw legs, and legs, and legs, plaid legs, and stripy legs, and every kind of lees, and I got my pockethcok all ready to hold'the money I would win on Sweet 'William, and then everyone nibbed away and screamed out, '"Syrian wins;" and I did not get any money, and I was nearly squashed going back in the train, , and I don't think it is much of a treat to go to the Melbourne Cup. ITiere. TICKLES. 