FICTION. (From English, American, and other Periodicals.) BROUGHT HOME. CHAPTER XXX. SHREWD PLOTTING. After leaving the cabin in the woods, the scene of the dark deed chronicled in the preceding chapter, Rockwell Forbes, with his confederates, the mail league, following him, struck out upon the nearest highway, and moving along with great care for fear of running across the officers, who were yet some- where in the locality searching for them, proceeded toward M--. But when arrived in the outskirts of the town he halted and turned upon his companions. " Boys," he said, "we have proceeded together as far as is consistent with caution. We must now separate. " But where shall we go ?" queried Jed Harrigan, who was always the loading spirit. " That I will presently tell you," replied the gam- bler. " In the first place it is necessary to move with the utmost caution. The country is swarming with our enemies, the hounds of the law. However, the one who could do us the most harm is now for- tunately safely disposed of." '* Yes, he'll not trouble any of the company again right away, I'm thinkin," said Harrigan with a chuckle. "Therefore," continued Forbes. " We are now at liberty to pursue our mail operations. We need not fear detection now, for Belmont Brown was the only living man who could unearth the matter. Go back to Pine Curve to the dugout and there stay until you receive further orders. Things will go on as before. Watch every western bound mail, as before, and keep an eye out for 'peelers.' I shall go back to M--. You had better cut round the town. Go by the way of the river, and keep a sharp lookout." Thus admonished the mail-robbers separated from their leader, who made rapid steps back to Eckhardt Place, and arrived there just as the light of dawn was breaking in the east. He found the master of the place fairly recovered from his drunken stupor, and was at once closeted with him in a secluded part of the library. Eckhardt had hardly a clear comprehension of how affairs had gone the previous night, and could scarcely collect his scattered senses, but Forbes ex- plained it all to him in a few words. The truth was the master of Eckhardt Place had been so completely inebriated from the effects of the wine that he drank that he did not at the time more than half realize what the trouble was. He knew that his intended bride, or rather the bride he intended having, had escaped from his clutches in some manner, and that his confederate Forbes with the mail league had left the room sud- denly in pursuit. After that he remembered noth- ing, a kind of drunken slumber having mastered him. Of the raid of the police and the chase across the meadows he was ignorant, and the next morning after awaking was at a loss to understand where Forbes had gone and why he did not return. When he did at length return all became manifest to him, and his emotions were varied. " So that dog of a detective is dead," he grunted in his usual surly manner. " Yes," rejoined Forbes. " And we need fear him no more. That was a lucky streak for us." " Indeed you are right, Rocky. We can then go on with our mail transactions the same." " Yes." " But one thing troubles my conscience much." " What is that ?" "The escape of Katie McFarland. I have sworn that girl shall be my wife, and by Heaven she shall." "I am with you there. But it is necessary first to find her." " True ; and, by the gods of war, Forbes, do you suppose that she can know anything about our mail business ?" " How could she find it out ?" "She may have seen this accursed detective." " Pshaw ! That would not be possible." "Who but him could have rescued her from her prison chamber up stairs? I tell you, Forbes, I have a great deal of respect for that detective's capabili- ties. The devil aids him." The gambler bent his head a moment in thought. Eckhardt's supposition was a plausible one. Yet he was not inclined to give it much credence. At length he said, in a decided tone : " No ; there is but one other person on earth whom I would fear as possessed of such a knowledge now."' "And that is--" " Arnold Burnham." " That dog of a post-office clerk ! What should he know of it? If he did, rest assured he would have used it before this to gain his liberty." " He has already gained his liberty." "What?" "Even so; or at least I have been informed this morning that such was a fact." Ernest Eckhardt looked steadfastly at his colleague for some minutes, and the doubting did not leave his countenance, as he continued ; " How can that be. No jury even could acquit him with the present suspicion over him. I do not understand it." "No jury did acquit him," said Forbes. "He broke jail last night and is at large." Ernest Eckhnrdt sprang to his feet as though struck by a thunderbolt. " Broke jail !" be repeated, in an incredulous tone. "How did that happen?" " Simple enough. He sawed the bars of his cell window and climbed out in that manner. But I do not think we need have much to fear from him, un- less, as I have half-suspected, Belmont Brown im- parted his secrets to him, which I do not believe." "And you are sure that Belmont Brown is out of the way ?" " Yes, dead and buried, and no prospect of a resur- rection right away." " Good! then there can be found no absolute proof that we are guilty of robbing the mail or anything else." "No, but we are by no means out of danger." "How is that ?" " Why, those policemen, who chased us so hard last night, will try and make out a case against us." Eckhardt started, and his face turned livid. " You are right, he muttered huskily ; " I did not think of that. Did they see you ?" "No ; I think not to recognize me. But they saw us all come out of the house. The house will un- doubtedly be visited and searched before many hours by the chief marshal or some of the force." Eckhardt sprang to his feet with an hunted ex- pression in his eyes. He glared about the room like a wild animal at bay, as though fearful that the hounds of justice were at that moment ready to pounce upon him. " What can I do?" he queried, nervously, turning to Forbes, who was regarding him with a curious glance in his cat-like orbs. "Had we not better flee the country ?" " Pshaw !" said the gambler, with a tone of con- tempt. " Don't be a coward, Ernest Eckhardt. Sit down there, and let me tell you how to get out of this scrape all right. If it were not for my aid and advice I fear you would make poor progress in your plans." And this latter statement of the gambler's was in the main correct. Although possessed of no more villainous or unscrupulous a nature than Eckhardt, be was nevertheless much cooler and more calculat- ing, and, therefore, perhaps a trifle colder-blooded. The young scion of wealth complied with his half- command, and cast himself into the indicated chair. " Well," he said, with more complacence, " you are the elder ; now let's have your dictation." " In the first place," said Forbes, " if you play your cards right, you may yet hold the winning band. By the proper exercise of a little tact and discretion you can throw the hounds off the track." " How so ?" " Simple enough. When they visit you, you must receive them ceremoniously, not suspiciously, and be careful not to awaken their suspicion. Do you understand ?" "Yes." " Very well. You must meet them politely at tbe door. Answer all their questions in a perfectly frank manner. Let them search the house. Let them find nothing which will arouse euspicion. Tell them very candidly that you have not the slightest idea who the parties were who opened your front door and ran outside, and were chased by the officers, but think it must have been some one attempting to burglarize the house. Do you under- stand ?" " Perfectly well." " That will throw all suspicion off from us, and will make us safe again." And a few hours later Forbes, having made him- self scarce in the meantime, the chief of police and a number of officers visited Eckhardt Place, and made a close search of the premises, and entertained the proprietor, and so well did Ernest Eckhardt play his part that as a result the next issue of the local daily contained the following article : "It has now been discovered that neither Mr. Eckhardt nor any inmates of his house were impli- cated with the parties chased across the meadows by the police. Mr. Eckhardt was at the time in his bed asleep, and it was not discovered that there had been any one in the grounds until the next morning, when the front door was found unlocked, and other evidences of a visit. It has also been suspected that the man who represented himself as Belmont Brown, the government's greatest detective, and who obtained the posse of officers to search Eckhardt Place, was in league with the escaped post-office clerk, Arnold Burnham. It is conceded that he played a shrewd game by leading the officers into the woods, and then deserting them. A reward will be offered for his apprehension." Thus, partly by chance, partly by shrewd plotting, did the schemers once again obtain the mastery, and for the nonce their star held the ascendant. But the future held new and startling developments. CHAPTER XXXI. FINDING A HOME. For a number of moments after our little heroine Katie McFarland, broke down and made the passion- ate appeal to him, the young ruddy-faced farmer sat and gaped in astonishment at her. Surprise was depicted upon his countenance, and he was completely at a loss to know what to do or say, so maintained a sort of awkward silence until she had somewhat recovered from her emotions. He was completely at a loss to know who this strange girl was, how she came to be there in that part of the country, and what she meant by her strange words and actions. Was she some fugitive from justice, or was she, as a faint suspicion warned him, an escaped inmate of some lunatic asylum ? This latter theory, however, he did not give cre- dence to. Such fresh beauty, such intelligent fea- tures and blight manners, could never belong to one bereft of reason. No, but what there was about this young girl was an incomprehensible mystery to him. And there came into his mind a determination to know her secret. Thomas Dinsmore, that was his name, was a young man of sterling worth, and much finer instincts than one would at first sight, judging from appearance give him credit for. He was, of course, a farmer, and rough and unpolished in his ways, yet cheery, and possessed of a generous heart. So he said nothing, but maintained a discreet and thoughtful silence, while our heroine was absorbed in her tears; but when at length she had become somewhat calmed down he pulled his horse back to a walk, and spoke in a not unfriendly voice : " Really, miss, I am at a loss to understand you. I had mistaken you for our district school-marm. It seems you have some trouble upon your mind and desire aid. If I can help you I will be only too happy to do so." In a moment Katie had recovered herself, and now that her troubles had to a certain extent found vent in her passionate fit of weeping, she was more calm and collected. " Ah, sir," she said, in her sweet voice, " I know you must think strange of me. I did not mean to give way to my emotions so easily. But I am much afflicted with trouble, sir, and could not help it, I am but a poor weak girl, alone in a wide cold world and, Heaven knows, much in need of friends." " Will you not tell me your troubles ?'' queried the young farmer in his pleasant voice. " You need not be afraid of me. I will not betray, but rather sym- pathize with you, and if the occasion calls for it, will aid you all in my power." Katie looked into the not unhandsome, frank face of the young tiller of the soil, and in it read that which assured her of his trustworthiness and good intent. And there upon the wagon-seat, with the morning sun getting higher in the heavens, while Thomas Dinsmore listened with rapt attention, she told him her whole story from beginning to end, concise and straightforward. Farmer Dinsmore was much interested in its nar- ration, and his sympathies were at once fully aroused in the behalf of our heroine. "The dogs!" he exclaimed, forcibly, referring to Forbes and Eckhardt. "Don't fear them sis. I'll stand your friend to the last and I would like to see any man harm you while you are under my protec- tion." " Oh, thank you a thousand times for your kind sympathy, Mr, Dinsmore," said Katie, fervently. " God will bless you for befriending a friendless girl. Heaven knows I never needed such more." " But who is this Eckhardt? Is he a mail agent ?" " I think so." " I know him, then. And he is a scape-grace, too. A villain of the deepest dye ! You were lucky to have escaped him." " Oh, Heaven ! I could never have become his wife I loathed him." "The graceless cur !" said Farmer Dinsmore, forcibly. "He is capable of any meanness. I do not blame you for not wishing to marry him. You say Forbes claimed to be your father ?" " Yes ; but he is not." " Can you remember your real father?" " Not distinctly ; but I know that Rockwell Forbes is not my father." " But what intention had you when I met you ?" queried Farmer Dinsmore, curiously. "What did you think of doing ?" " I hardly knew. I had a vague idea of gaining some factory town and seeking employment, which I think now would be my best plan. Can you help me in that matter, Mr. Dinsmore?" "Yes," replied the young farmer, in a thoughtful manner* " But do you prefer to work in the mill ? How do you like the country, and would you not rather work there?" " Oh, much!" cried our heroine, impulsively. " I love the green fields, and the daisies, and the butter- cups, so much. Oh, I would much rather work in the country, Mr. Dinsmore." " Well," said the young farmer,' " you must go home with me, and I will see what I can do for you. Heigho ! here we ere now ! and there's Mary in the door. You don't know Mary ? Well, I'll introduce ber to you. This is my farm, and all this property about here belongs to me." And there was a ring of honest pride in the young farmer's musical voice, and a gleam of satisfaction in his brown eyes, which betokened a happy, con- tented mind and cheery disposition. And from the country highway, at an elevated part of the road, and through a gateway beneath two stately elms, back of which sat a cozy little farm- house, Thomas Dinsmore halted in front of the wire- clad porch, and sprang down from his waggon-seat, at the time accosting a trim, pleasant-faced little woman who stood in the doorway to welcome him. Katie looked about her as though upon a scene of enchantment. In her secluded life in Baxter-street she had seen but little of the country, and the place she now found herself in seemed to her like fairy- land. Such a quiet, peaceful spot ! It was so tranquil, and with seemingly a breeze of true happiness per- vading the very air about, she was enraptured. A snug, cozy, little farm-bouse it was, with its lattice windows, ivy-clad porch, and the shining row of well-scoured milk cans put out in the sun at a side entrance. Below was the barn, stored with the most fragrant of meadow hay ; and in the green fields beyond men and oxen were at work tilling the soil. The stone wall in front, the rustic well, curbing with its long sweep the broad, velvety lawn -- all was just as she had pictured to herself a country house should be. Farmer Dinsmore gallantly assisted her to dismount from the waggon-seat, and then, with a comprehen- sive whisper to his wife, who at once received the young girl with open arms, left them together, and went away to take care of his horse. "You poor thing!" said the cheery farmer's wife, compassionately. "There -- never mind telling me now ; but come in and take off your wraps, and get something warm to drink." And before our bewildered little heroine had barely time to realize it, she was snugly eneconsed in a comfortable arm-chair before a warm fire, and ex- perienced the first real sense of happiness since leaving her home in New York. The Dinsmores proved kind benefactors to her, and she did not fail to appreciate their favors. As a result, she did not go to the next town to work in a factory, but stayed at the Dinsmore farm. " You are just what I have always wanted," was Mrs. Dinsmore's expression. " You are a great com- panion and help to me, and keep me company while Tom is away to work. As long as you may wish, you shall have a home with us." And Katie in ber new-found home became su- premely happy, and did not fail to return sincere thanks to that kind and ever watchful Providence which had led her to it. And she fancied herself secure from her enemies, and though she thought frequently of her gallant young rescuer, Arnold Burnham, and whose frank, handsome face had made such a singular impression upon her at first eight, she had little or no desire to come in contact with the world outside. She liked the obscurity and quietude of her new home, and was happy, until one day something hap- pened which served to mar her peace of mind, and cast a hideous black shadow across her future. From that hour a dread premonition of evil rested upon her mind. CHAPTER XXXII. UNHURT. We left our post-office detective, Belmont Brown, in a somewhat dubious position, but it was not by any means ordained by fate that his career should thus be brought to a sudden and untimely end, for he could then figure no further as one of the most important characters of the story. A kind Providence, or some powerful influence which had thus far preserved him, in many serious positions of danger from harm, was destined to bring him safely through this time, although it is ex- tremely doubtful if the world at large would ever have known in what mysterious manner he had been swallowed up had it not been for one circumstance. After casting him into the well the villains had piled it half full of stones and boulders, seemingly entombing the unfortunate detective beyond all possible chance of resurrection. But in giving him the blow upon the head, Jed Harrigan, though he had struck with all his might, was much deceived in the force of it. It had been more of a glancing blow than a direct one, and con- sequently instead of fracturing the skull and in- stantly depriving the victim of life, as had been sup- posed, had really but rendered him unconscious for a space of time. Again, beneath his clothing the detective wore habitually a finely constructed shirt of mail, which covered the region of the heart, and which explains why Forbes did not detect the regular beats of that organ when he made the examination. So that in reality our detective was far from being dead, or even very seriously injured when thrown into the well. But it would seem that even had not the full blow of the villain Harrigan deprived him of life, the pil- ing of the huge boulders upon his body to the extent of half filling the well, would have surely finished him. Scarcely had the would-be murderers left the spot after, as they had supposed, effectually disposing of their greatest and most dreaded enemy, when from the dark shadows of the trees flitted out into the glade a black muffled human form, and stood upon the verge of the fatal well. Tall and straight was the strange being, and he looked strangely weired and ghost-like in the gloom and might well have been taken by a superstitious observer as a visitant from another sphere. For some moments he stood statue-like over the black mouth of the well, and then he changed his position at the same time speaking. " The post-office detective, eh ?" he said in a sort of half whisper. " That was what they called him. I wonder if it was really he. They threw him into this well. I saw them do it. Poor fellow, he is no doubt dead. He cannot have lived after that fearful blow." He paused and looked shiveringly about him in the gloom. Black was the darkness with the waving tree-tops about like grim sentinels outlined against the murky sky. " Tis better to leave him here," he at length con- tinued. " Let this be his grave. 'Tis better so. He is done with this world, and --" As though struck by a bullet the midnight wan- derer sprang back and his face turned ghastly white. It was a sound from the bottom of the well ; a long, wavering human groan. " Great Heaven!" he gasped, " the man is alive. That was his voice. Kind Heaven give me power to aid him now." Not a moment did he hesitate, but promptly stripped off his coat, and baring his arms, sprang down into the well. One by one the heavy boulders, some of them requiring all his exertion to lift them were cast out, until at last puffing and panting from his tremendous exertion he paused assured that he was near the bottom ; and now the groans became more frequent. At this juncture he clambered out of the dark hole which had come so near being the burial place of the great post-office detective, and advancing into the forest secured a pine bough which he converted into a bright, flaming torch, which he stuck in a crevice in the wall. This enabled him to see what the bottom of the well contained, and as he noted it a thrill of mingled surprise and hope shot through his breast. It will be remembered that upon casting the de- tective's inanimate body into the well a portion of the heavy oaken planking about its mouth had given away and fallen in after him. To this seemingly trivial circumstance Belmont Brown owed his life. For in falling the planking had lodged in a slant- wise position directly across the well and over the detective's body forming a protection, as it were, which would require the weight of many tons to break. Beneath this planking the detective had therefore reposed unhurt, and this it was which had given his strange rescuer a thrill of encouragement in his work. With rapid hands he proceeded to cast out the re- maining rocks, and then applying his strength to the planking succeeded in lifting it, and canting it over upon the opposite side of the well. It was a most difficult and precarious task to get the insensible detective out of the place, but he suc- ceeded after strenuous efforts, and deposited him upon the green sward outside. He then examined the detective's pulse, and at once began chaffing his limbs to bring him back to consciousness. And, slowly but surely, Belmont Brown returned to life once more, and at length was enabled to sit up. Gradually as the dull ringing in his brain and the blur before his vision, the effects of the fearful blow, vanished, he gained his strength and scattered senses, " Where am I ?" he articulated, in a be- wildered manner. " Ah, I remember. The cabin in the woods. The robbers. But some one struck me. Who was it ?" " I think it was one of the murderous gang," re- plied his rescuer. "I can recollect nothing after that. What did they do with me?" " They cast you into a well, and then piled stones over you." " And you got me out ?" "I did." " You ? Ah, how can I thank you ? But who are you, pray ?" " I am an acquaintance of yours, Mr. Brown. One whom you have befriended, Arnold Burham." The detective started, and his dim gaze sought the young post-office clerk's face beneath the glare of the pitch-pine torch. It was, indeed, he. " Great heaven!" he muttered. " It is you. But how came you here? How did you know I was in the well ?" I was secreted in the woods out there, and saw the whole murderous transaction. It was all done so quickly that I did not have time to come to your aid." "Ah, I remember all now. It was the hand of Providence which brought you to my aid. Arnold Burnham, if I live I will repay the favor some day." " Do not mention it. I would aid any fellow-being in distress." "Nevertheless you must accept my gratitude. But the gang, where did they go ?" "I know not. But they left immediately after disposing of you." "But the police? Have not any of them been here ?" " I have not seen them. They have probably lost the track in these thick woods." " Ah, this is an unexpected misfortune," said the detective, in a feeble voice. " I had not anticipated such a reverse as this. But patience. I shall be myself again immediately, and then, Rockwell Forbes and Ernest Eckhardt, beware. I possess knowledge and proof which will insure your certain destruction. But, my good friend Arnold, this is a damp and dangerous locality to one in my state. How my head rings. I shall be able to walk in a few mo- ments, and then we will make for some shelter near here." " My father's cottage is but a short distance from here," said Arnold Burnham. " We will go there. I shall be safe at present, for the officers will not think of going there again in quest of me." But the post-office detective's injuries proved more serious than had been at first supposed. For six weary weeks a dangerous type of fever held him at death's door. Careful and patient nursing brought him through, however, and one day he went forth again, a new man, upon the track of the evil-doers. And the case he had undertaken was destined to show in the future new and more thrilling phases than it had yet assumed. CHAPTER XXXIII. " HE SHALL NOT HARM YOU." Meanwhile fortune seemed to smile upon the plans of the two schemers, Rockwell Forbes and Ernest Eckhardt, and at no period since the latter had succeeded to the management of the estate had the future assumed a more prosperous aspect. By the proper exercise of a little tact and in- genuity they had swerved the tide of evidence which had at one time accumulated against them, and had removed all suspicion from their names. Eckhardt continued to hold his position as train agent of the mails, while Rockwell Forbes pursued a fruitless quest for his pretended missing daughter Katie McFarland. But his efforts met with no re- ward whatever, and only added to his chagrin and disappointment. Nothing had ever been seen or heard of her since the eventful night of her escape, and she had disap- peared then as effectually as though the ground had opened and swallowed her up. He was satisfied that she had not returned to the Mcfarlands in New York, for he had held the place under surveillance a week. One thing went much against the gambler in his quest, and that was the absence of even the slightest clue. His failure to find Katie McFarland chafed him much, and served to cast a cloud over his mind. A strange and unaccountable premonition ever hovered over him which he was at a loss to understand. In some strange way our heroine was linked with his past career, and it seemed that there must be some future significance connected with this fact, else why was he so troubled in mind at her liberty?" And he took no pains to conceal his uneasiness from Eckhardt. " I tell you, pardner," he said one evening at wine and cards. " We have made one grand oversight. We have paved our way well so far as we have gone. But we have by no means made our plans complete as yet." " In what manner ?" queried Eckhardt, who was half drunk, and was fast becoming each day more of an inebriate. " I will tell you" said Forbes, leaning over the table and speaking in a strained whisper. "We have disposed forever of the hound who has fol- lowed us so long. We have diverted the suspicion which at one time rested upon us, but we have failed in one thing." "And what is that ?" " We have not yet secured the girl, Katie McFar- land." " What difference does that make ?" queried Eck- hard, testily. "To use a figurative expression the castle is ours, so is the money. We are safe from justice, and I cannot see wherein our interests would be particularly subserved by seeming this girl with the pretty face. That is the only attraction I can see about her." "I will tell you," said Forbes, in a significant voice, " wherein our interests would be extended in securing her. Lean over this way and I will give it to you in a whisper, for prying ears might hear it if I spoke aloud." Eckhardt wonderingly complied, and Forbes whispered that in his ear which caused him to start and his face to turn frightfully livid. " Is that the truth ?" he queried, breathlessly. " Yes, that is the truth." " In that case our foundations are by no means the surest. It behoves us to strengthen them." " Just so ; and the sooner we get to work the bet- ter. The girl must be secured. If we do not look after this matter it will some day ensure our ruin." " That is evident," said Eckhardt, " But in what manner shall we go to work to find her. I for one have not the slightest idea of where she has gone." " True, but we must keep up the search, never- theless. Upon it depends our future, and lives for that matter." " You are right. She shall be found." said the young scion of wealth, forcibly. " And she shall be my wife or die." A month after this conversation Ernest Eckhardt had occasion to ride forth into the country upon horseback. It was a lovely day, and the air was full of the hum of a thousand insects in the meadows, and the incessant twitter of myriad songsters in the forest. The road was a romantic one, and the proprietor of Eckhardt Place was ambling his horse carelessly along, drinking in the beauties of nature before him, when a sight by the road-side caused him to rein his horse up abruptly. It was the form of a young and beautiful girl of some sixteen summers, with a tin pail in her band filled to the brim with rich, fresh strawberries which she had picked in the fields. Not so much from her beauty as another fact did Eckhardt suddenly bring his horse to a halt, and bestow a keen questioning gaze upon her. He had seen those regular features and that timid shrinking form before. It was Katie McFarland. And she recognized the villain in turn, and halted, with a pallid countenance and wildly beating heart. For a number of moments the two confronted each other, and Eckhardt made a movement to dismount, but like a frightened doe our heroine fled into the bushes by the road-side, and never paused until she burst panting and terrified into the Dins- more farm- house, and rushed almost distraught into kind Mrs. Dinsmore's arms. " Oh, mother," she cried, in almost frantic terror " I have seen him. That awful fiend!" " Why, my child," said Mrs. Dinsmore " what do you mean ? Whom have you seen ?" " That awful man who wants me to marry him. Oh, if he comes here, Mamma Dinsmore, I pray you do not let him take me !" "There there,"said the farmer's little wife, kindly. "Do not fear, my child. He shall not harm you." " No, not while I'm around," said cheery Farmer Tom, who had at that moment entered the house from the haying field. " Who has been giving you such a fright now, puss ?" And little Katie went shivering to Farmer Tom's arms, and told him all. And the young farmer's eyes blazed with indignation, and there was a ring of determination in his voice as he brought his brawny palm down forcibly upon a table. "Never fear, puss," he said, soothingly. "They will not dare come here, If they dare to I'll break an ox-goad over them." And Farmer Tom meant what he said. While Ernest Eckhardt galloped back with all haste to M--, and burst excitedly in upon Forbes at the Hall. "Rocky," he cried, excitedly. "I have found her." " Are you in earnest ?" eagerly asked the gambler. " It's the truth." "Where?" " She is out here on a farm, not far from the city," Forbes sprang to his feet. " We will go for her at once. Our good luck has played the card into our hands." " Right you are," said Eckhardt, with a fiendish chuckle. " And Katie McFarland will yet be mine, for I have sworn to have her." And as a result some hours later into Farmer Dinsmore's yard drove the carriage of the Eck- hardts, from which alighted two men. Katie was at a window and recognized them at once. Her terror became unbounded, and she rushed frantically into Mrs. Dinsmore's arms. As luck would have it Farmer Tom was in the house when the two unwelcome visitors stopped at the door. (To be continued.) 