THE QUEEN of the SCHOOL ° oneryne xlviii. 'You will pardon me, Miss Darling,' he ex- p claimed, with cold politeness, 'if, as an old friend, as the nephew of your guardian, I tell you that this is no place for youn; I advise t that yon immediately seek for the present some r other asylum. If you will permit me, I shall have much pleasure in at once extricating n you from what I fear is an, influence the re- b verse of desirable.' ' You allude to me, sir,' spoke Miss Bayer, u nake scornfully. * Since you force me to the admission, I do madam; my eyes have been opened. This is ci a grave matter, much more grave, possibliy h that I imagined. I am sorrythat I came here -alone that is.' I 'You exercised your discretion, sir, the a wisdom of which I for one should never dream It of impungoing. Your penetrative mind doubt lesspointed out to you thatit would be better to p net with discreteses in this unfortunate w matter.' - hi 'I donot understandyou,madam. Mypain- er ful interest in the calamity that threatens my uncle's life-' be 'Of course, of course, Miss Savernake intEr. rupted him. ' You have an interest in that di- hi rection. We all have, I trust, sir.' it And as she spoke, she fixed on him a look tt that carried to his mind a meaning plain as spoken words-until that moment he had for gotten one thing. In his excitement, and the mental disturbance hi the terrible events of the preceding night had occasioned him, it had completely slipped from ol his memory. in The document he had so rashly signed, and the value of which depended solely on his is uncle's living or dying; of ' My God! ' he muttered, as his lips turned al ashy grey, 'I bad forgotten that, New that it ti is too late, I can see the cunning trap into which I have fallen.' at And then, hurrying to the young girl, he caught her lightly by the arm. hi SKate! Kate Darling!' he exclaimed, 'you gs must come with me, I cannot-nay, Ia swear I will not suffer you to remain another hour o0 under the control of this dangerous woman, as God only knows what she has been, and may be guilty.of.' hE And then for the first time he perceived wi that her little feet were naked on the cold O ground, to 'Without shoes, Kate ! 'he exclaimed. 'Why -how-what-' 'I do not think of them,' she replied, sick at heart, and sorely wondering. 'I only knew wi that you were here, and that- and that per. it haps you were threatened with some danger, fa and-and-oh, Outhbert, pray, pray, pity pe mel' And with a cry that like the shot of a gun to scatters a convey of partridges, so were his as vague' suspicions scattered, and when with raised arms she tottered towards him, he caught wi her to his heart, and caressed and hushed her , w there. be While Miss Savernake stood aside grim as a wi graven image of cruel fate. let 'Letus go away at once, Kate,' said Cuth* bert. 'Go back to yeur room, darling, and I ca will waithere until you return. We have that th to do that must not be delayed. Ilare remained he here already too long. I promise that there will be. no objection on the part of this person to your doing as I suggest.' - gK &Andas; hespoke of' this person' with ill con enaled scors, he indicated Miss S'iveraake. fa But though in terrible'perplexity of mind, dc the lady in question was very far from panic stricken. of She still held the master cards of the game, foi and she had as yet by no means lost confidence on that victory depnded solely on a continuation tl of that bold and fearless play she had so far igi pursued. 'Miss Darling will return immediately to her room and stay there' she remarked, deter tinedy and setting her thin lips firmly to gether. ( 0 'Indeed ' replied Outhbert, sneeringly, af and supposing, madam, that the young lady E takes my advice and sees fit to disregard your lo, imperious mandate i' She wil'do do at her peril. pl Dare you now, int my presence, threaten fri her?' .' CO ' INayl only advise her. One word with be you, Miss Darling.',. .., And advancing towards Kate, Miss Saver- . 'nb touched her on the arm and drew her in aside." . I Ss It was more than ine werd that the bold Wi intriguing woman whispered is theear of the Co shrinking girl-ai. op eight words, perhaps. be But they were as terribly convincing as they PE could have been had she talked for an hour. 8 sU Kate uttered a wailing cry and covered her Mi face with her hands. fo lo, no,' she exclaimsed, In an agon sed ioice, ' itmust nt by; I would die first! ' Outhbsrt sprang to her side. frc 'Let us have no more of this, madam! ' he thi exclaimed angrily to Miss Savernake. ' It on would be unmanly in me to permit you to exer else your dangerous influence over this young co lady fora moment longer. She will accompany a me immediately.' the But with alook full of anguish and beseech. ang, the unhappy girl broke away from him. Fri 'No, no, I dare not, Cuthbert i' she cried, wildly. It-is as she-sea this lady says; I had better remain here, at least for the pres S'Indeed, indeed, I had. But, oh: do iot my darling, do not think ill of me. The time will come when I may speak, and then all will be well. And casting her arms suddenly about his - neck, she imprinted a long, impassioned kiss on his cheek, and then darted away towards, the house, Miss Savernake with a derisive bow and a mocking devil of cruelty in her cold, grey eyes, following her. So unexpected and inexplicable a turn in the tide of events, left Cuthbert Deane in such a state of bewilderment, that for several moments he could do nothing but gaze blankly in the direction the two had taken. 'Then, with his face flushed with anger, he turned about, and with rapid strides retraced his steps to the village. cnuarvo xixx. Three hours after the occurrence of the stirring events narratedinthepreceding chapter, there appeared at Olovernook Academy an official whom Miss Savernake was somewhat startled to see. The parish oonstablel ' Not, however, armed with a warrant for that unscrupulons woman's apprehension. His mission was one of a more paciflz cha racter, and involved nothing more formidable than the delivery of a summons enjoining her, as well as a young lady pupil, Rate Darling by name, to appear before - the justice of the peace at noon that day in connection with the. preliminary examination of Bichard Kavanab, who stood charged with the attempted murder and highway robbery. The only unsatisfactory part of the document as Miss Savernake perused it was the words 'Attempted murder! SThen the poor gentleman is still alive?' she remarked, to the obsequious beadle. 'He was alive when that 'ere summons was made out, mum,' the man replied; ' and I did bear a whisper as bow it wasn't impossible that he might survive after all, if care was took of t him' , ' Heaven be praised for that, at least,' re , aponded the arch hypocrite. d oe uttered the words, as the unsuspecting L beadle thouseht, huskily because of the emotion to which poseessed her. N Wheress, and with her head averted, she had at spoken through her set teeth, and all the while. te most fervently hoping that by this time old it Nathan Ogleby had breathed his last. I ' We were informed that the poor gentleman tc was in a state of insensibility.' S' Yes, mum, but he has recovered.' ' Recovered?' And had the beadle possessed as much shrewdness and penetration as he gave him self credit for, he would have thought that the L startled abruptness with which Miss Savernake uttered the word was somewhat peculiar. 'When Isay recovered, he has partly so as I am informed, mum; enough so to ask to see x- peeple.' Id om has he aske to see ?' all But on this all important point, the beadle, Ce to Miss bavernake's intense disgust, was igno ne rant, and she was afraid to pop the question. I ' Twelve o'clock is the time for the inquiry, ag mum. You and the young lady will not fail to \- be there?' ' I will be there, but the young lady will be I unable to do so,' replied the governess. The beadle opened his eyes. no 'It is in the name of the queen, if you'll ex is cuss me for reminding you, ma'am ?' said iy he. re 'But the young lady is ill,' replied the go vernes!, promptly. ' You need not trouble ae about that; a medical certificate will doubt m less satisfy the magistrate.' \- An hour after the beadle had taken his des to parture, Miss Savernake, the expression of to whose countenance betrayed the fact that she had not abated one jot of her hatred for her \- enenmies, set out for the courthouse. ' She had not in the least repented of her dia bolical design against Dick Kavanah. r- From thefustshehbadintendedto maneuvre i- I him once more into the clutches of the law, and it would be weak.minded indeed to retreat now : that circumstances had so favoured her. s Yet it behoved her to beextremely careful. r- Her good luck was not entirely unalloyed. To have made it perfect, old Nathan should ,e havedied. d It was no fault of itiss Savernake's that the at old gentleman was still in the land of the lir ing. id If perfection of murderous intent and devil i ish coolness in carrying out could ensure any one's destruction, he should never have breathed 1 again after the cry which followed the noise of it the pistol shot. o Yes; it was decidedly unfortuate that be still lived. te It would not so much have mattered if he had been in a state of insensibility tuntil he u gave up the ghost. I Or if he had regained consciousness enough, Lr only to recognise and bless his dutiful nephew, a, and then make his exit. Y But if the thick-headed beadle whonm she had seen had spoken truth-and he seemingly d was under no inducement tohatch liss-Nathan d Ogleby had come to his senses and had asked to see somebody. y Was ither he had asked to see ? Not improbably! k The very first of his recovering thoughtse' N would be of the individual from whom he, as it were, departed this life, and he could not Sfail to recall the circumstance of the said de y parture. Still it was impossible that he should bea hle toindispoutabl identify her as the one who is assaulted ham. She depended solely on that. h She might possibly have to confess that shl, it was out walking wath the old man, and she r would have to invent a plausible reason fr, it but what she intended to swear most pof, it; a was that she had Ileft him half-an.hour at least before the murderous attack, Further, that on her way temo she had I caught sight of a man, who c1osely resembled t the prisoner, skulking in t badow of the d hedges, II On one thing she wes firmly resolved., aOn the destruction and utter ruin of Dick Kavanah. \- If devilishesaltee and'unnscru'puleus Inkin of,. Ifal·seontha could compass it,'Dick Kavanat's~l doom was already as good as sealed. And abs would have theirrepressibla pleasure of esring him hanged, or at seast transported for life, and lia wife, whom she hated only e one degree. less than the hcsband, and the child, would be reduced to poverty and . r igasminy. (To be continued.) The Minister, of Railways on Satur. day' accepted the offer of the Melbornme agenit of the Belgian Mnnufacturingand' K Export Company for the supply. of five.' locomotive engines, the delivery to take place in Melbourne within saix months froni the date of the signing of the' contract. The price of each engine will be .f2751,'nnd they will be constructed on the 'design of locomotives at present in use on the Victorian railways. This is' the last batch of enginos which it; will' be necessary to order out of the' colony' at present, contracts having been previotsly let to Messrs Beyer~. Peacock, and Co., of England, for the, supply 'of 10, And to the Bnldwin Manufacturing Company, of America1, for a similar number of engines. The Premier has received a telegram, from the.Agent-General representing the 'foating of the new loan. He announced the safe arrival of the firsts consigliment of debentures, 1,000,000o ; 'and that the bonds had been lodged in. the London and Westminster Bank. Printed and published for the proprietors-. Hareourt and Co., by the Manager, W.3. Davey, at the ofice Victoria street, Kersag; 