PKIMITIVE METHODIST CfllECH. The anniversary services of this church were held on Sunday last, when tiie Rev, H. Robinson, who was a former pastor of tiie church, delivered three excellent discourses to good congregations. On Monday even ing the usual tea- meeting in connection with the anniversary was held in the Town HalL There was a large attendance, many coming from a distance. Tiie tobies were bounti fully as well as tastefully laid, and presided over by Mesdames S. Gross. Henry, Baglin2), and Guest, together with the Misses Cross, Cole, Dunn. Addinsall. and others. At tiie public meeting, which followed, the chair was occupied by tbe Rev. H. Cole, who congratulated the members of the church on the condition of affairs, and said that, though these were, perhaps, not quite so flourishing as could be wished, still they had very much to be thankful for. Since the opening of the church, the eighth anniversary of which , they had met together that eveniug to celebrate, they had. a varying spiritual ex perience, including both success and disap pointment, while financially they had made considerable advancement. Their intention in regard to the future was to go on with all their strength, and " push tbe battle to the gate." Tbe Rev. G. H. Cole spoke of the reasons why the Church had to resort to. tea- meetings and similar efforts, and urged that less formalism and more spirituality was required. The Rev. E. Henderson, nnder the simile of steam, offered some earnest and telling remarks on the manner in which Christian work should be carried on. The Rev. J. B. Snath referred to the militant aspect of the Church. He said that, while philosophers and others were inclined to look on the dark side of things, he preferred to look on the bright side. He believed the world was getting better, and in illustration of his statement, recounted what was being done for tbe evangelisation of tbe world at the present time. The Rer. H. RohinBon said he had been much pleased by the warm reception given him during his visit to Hamiltou. It bad often been said that Vic torians were very warm-hearted, and he was more in dined to believe that than ever. He l"»d a high opinion of Victoria, but despite its many good features, there were evils in tbe colony that every Christian | would desire to be removed. In order that their land might be benefited and ennobled, it was necessary that members of all churches should be baptised with tbe Holy Ghost, and that in the strength of that haptism they should do their qtiqost to spread the blessings tbey themselves had received. The meeting, which was a very enjoyable and successful one, was enlivened by songs from the Misses Shnggand Cole, and Messrs. Mead, and B. Naveau. Several anthems were also sung by the ohoir. Votes of . thanks having been passed to all who had ' assisted, tbe proceedings were terminated by the Rer. H. Robinson pronouncing the benediction. The Ctncumati Enquirer relates that George Foulty. a young man who shot a bullet into his brain on Sunday, July 9, has 80 far recovered that he is considered oat of danger. The case is one of the most peculiar on record, not only because hot few recorded instances tiara Iwpji <firan ns of even Dartial recovery. but from the strange absencM of ordinary symptoms in cases of this kind. He had been - married but two months, and had trouble with his wife and his mother-in-law, ,nii was drank when he comnutted the deed. He lay on his back, shot Lpmseu in the exact qentreof his foreherd, and eKXted to die instantly. Instead of that he did not lose consciousness for a mqment, but say he felt thp ball strike bis forehead, pass (dear jhroqgl hj) brain, aqd strife® the bone at thcoaek of the head. As soon as he shot himself he got np from tiie bed. walked into another room, and sat there until tbe neighbours assembled and induced him to lie down- Notwith standing the fact that brains have oozed from the bullet-hole, and attending physicians have probed the wound for a distance of three inches, he has sever :fe!t much incon venience, and has never been nncoltscions for a'singic instant. It Ts said thathia faculties are' better 'and his Masoning powers elfearer now than before he tried to eh'nffle off. On being questioned as to his sensations, he says that be feels all -right, and has never had Any til-feeliog excepting a "alight headache."- Heisao far recovered that he walkB around the honse, smokes cigars," and makes himself generally comfortable. = - ' ' - :1 - : ' 1LOBBAT J3SD IiASlUSS FtoBEDA Water MjnnrpBasedfor TTaniHreruhief, TpfletaoBat. 