FALCONBBiEG. 'I can offer his lordship a plain, simple din ner,' observed the landlord of the Raven. 'Home-made ham and eggs-' 'Indigestible, totally unfit for delicate stomachs,' groaned the reverend gentleman. 'And a cutlet.' 'Pah! Mntton?' 'Venison,' 'vhispered Silias. SDoctor Barnard's eyes sparkled at the intel ligence. He was evidently one of those men to whom the creature comforts of this world were not indifferent things; and yet he pos sessed a true and upright nature, capable of self-sacrifice under certain circmstances. True, the necessity of doing so would have to be placed very plainly before him. 'We must e'en put up with what provi dence affords us,' he observed,' wiping his lips with a fine cambric handkerchief, which must have cost at least a guinea a yard. 'Mind, landlord, broiled, not fried, nor .too much done. Is the venison in good condition?' 'Hanging a month.' 'Ah well,' sighed the tutor, ' we must put up with it. I hope you obtained it lawfully!' The landlord winked, forthe speaker must have known very well that he had not. -It could only have been procured by poaching. Possibly his guest recollected this, for he pressed the inquiry no further. 'Any pastry?' asked Silias Garnem. The reverend doctor replied with a look of horror. By order of her father, in words too im perative to be disregarded, Ethel retired to the kitchen with her mother to prepare the repast for the new-comers. She would have given worlds to remain to put the brother of Lady Alice upon his guard. 'Against what, or whom?' she asked her self. She knew nothing-had heard nothing -and yet a weight of secret terror oppressed her. The natural grief of Lord Walter she mistook for coldness-indifference. Yet what had she to complain of? They were no longer children-he had never professed any warmer feeling than friendship, arising from early companionship, towards her. Possibly she did not suspect the existence of any deeper sentiment in her own heart, and would have derided it if any one had accused her of entertaining it. 'Strange, Doctor,' observed his pupil, when they found themselves alone, 'that Ethel should not have heard of my father's illness. It must have been very sudden.' 'Fever l' said the tutor, with a shudder. 'Of course, my dear young friend, I cannot think of bobtruding on you and your sister's grief by taking up my residence at the Hall. My old college friend, the worthy Rector of Walburg, whom I recommended to the living, will doubtless be glad to recieve me: . W w~il both pray for you.' .. . Although so deeply agitatedconcerning his father's state, Lord.Walter could: scarcely re press a smile. Young as he was, he had al ready discovered the selfish sideof the rev erend speaker's character. Meanwhile, a blacksmith from the near est village was busily occupied: in re paring the broken springs of his lordshil's carriage. Ethel was on thorns; a yague presentiment of impending danger overwhelmed her, but without paralyzing her courage or presence of mind. Had she known the exact peril that menaced-had one proof of its existence -despite her father's anger she would have forced her way into the parlor and w'arned him. But no; all appeared dark and uncer tain. . ........ Whilst in this stateof. suspense, excited al ternately by hope and fear, she 'ecognized ~the voice of Frank: Oatlands,' directing the men who accompanied his father's team to unyoke the horses and give them a feed. He had been drawing wood in the forest. 'Saved i' she murmured;' saved i' The next instant she darted from the house and stood by his side. Frank Oatlands was a magnificent specimen of the Anglo-Saxon race. Tall, his frame well knit, clear blue eyes, and a profusion of light brown hair, Which clustered in short, thick curls, over a well-shaped forehead. In the cricket and hunting field-for his father permitted him to follow the hounds occasion ally, andgave him an excellent mosnt-the young farmer was exceedingly popular. Tmhe alm6st brotherly attachment between himself and-the heir of the Falconbergs gave him a standing at the meet, which, apart from his qualities as a rider, no one ventured to dis-' pute. This position possibly was a false one- but hitherto it had produced no ill effect upon his chairacter. To the young fellows of his ownclasshe was affable, as though he had never mixed up with any other; worked hard upon the farm, to please his fatler,.who some times tried to conceal the love and pride he felt in him. The old man dreaded his' own weakness. Frank understood all this; knew the power he held over his father's heart; but .with the nobility ofa true nature,'scorned to abuse it. There was an air of refinement in the person and manners of our hero -we may as well avow at once that he is the destined hero of our tale-that contrasted strangely with his birth and ,training. He was one of nature's gentlemen rich in generous impulses and pure thoughts, courageous, ardent and high psincipled. The name of Oatlands-had no place in the herald's books, but God had im printed the seal of a true nobility on his brow. b Thank Heaven you are here, Frank !' said the agitated girl, grasping his arm with a boldness which surprisedhim, for the conduct of Ethel was marked by greatreserve. ' Lord Walter has arrived ! They have written to him that his father is dying!: Why "should they lure him to Walburg by a lie ? Some'ter-, rible danger threatens him, but yourwill not leave him. I am certain that you will not, for his own, for his dear sister's, for all our sake.' The clear, blue veins in the temples of the young'tasrmer became distended with indigna tion at the' mere thought of foul play to one so dear to him. Under any., other circum stances he might have blushed at the alusion to Lady Alice, for we doubt if his heairt was quite free in that respect; but now her.brother claimed all his care, and his hand'closed over the heavy hunting whip he.carried with quiet' resolution. ' Where is Walter?' he asked. ' In the little.parlor, with his tutor. The carriage has broken down,' whispered Ethel, pointing to the men who were: repairing it. 'It has been done purposely, I' fear.';> Frank Oatland walked to the vehicle and examined the broken springs carefully. His brow became knit and his eyes looked trou bled. Without uttering: a word he walked resolutely into the house. 'Where are you going ?' demanded Silias Garnem, in a surly tone, as the young man crossed the kitchen. 'To see my friend.' 'His lordslhip is at dinner with his tutor,' observed the landlord, 'and I cannot permit them to be intruded on.' .. ' Ho I ho ! Silias Garnem !. Are you in the plot ?' 'What. plot ?' tfaltered the man, turning pale. Can't tell yet;' answered Frank, eying him suspiciously. 'But soon shall. Determined to find it out. You don't believein Provi dence, perhaps. Now, I do, and mark my words : if you have been led to tamper in any scheme against the noble house of Falcon berg, it will come home to you.' Silias Garnem uttered a loud laugh, which grated harshly upon the ears of the speaker. It had not the true ring in it. Still he felt unwilling to believe anything very bad against the' father of Ethel. ' I plot against the house of Falconberg ! A sparrow against the eagle.' The viper with the staghound might have been a better simile, master of the Raven. Back, I say," added the young farmer, as the landlord advanced a second time to impede his passing, 'unless you want to feel the weight of my hunting whip.' Silias rushed upon ocur hero, who threw him off with as much ease as a young lion might have dashed a cur aside that had fastened upon his mane, and walked into the parlor of the Raven. Silias scowled after him, mentally vowing revenge. 'Frank ! Walter !' were the exclamations of the two friends, as they recognised each other, and their hands became locked in a true heartfelt grasp. The Reverend Barnard both looked and felt exceedingly shocked at such familiarity. He was a great stickler for etiquette. After a peer, he looked upon a peer's eldest son as the very salt of the earth, and he regarded the omission of what he considered proper respect as something revolutionary. *Lord Walter, if you please, young man !' he said, majestically. His pupil and the farmer's son regarded each other for an instant and smiled. 'Dear Frank,' said the former, 'I am dis racted-know not what to think. .Three tdays since I received a letter from William Hurd, the steward, informing me that if I wished to see my'father alive I. must start for Walburg at once.; that a terrible fever had broken out at the Hall.' !' Lord Falconburg has not been ill.' 'So Ethel informs me.' 'But the steward was buried yester day;' 'Poor old:fellow !' exclaimed the young nobleman, ;wivith a sigh :of regret. 'He was honesty itself. I cannot comprehend the motive of his.deceit.' .. :-'Delirium !: mladness I observed the tutor. 'Yes! It .must have been that. But, Frank, are you certain-quite certain-that my father has not been attacked by the disease ?' . '. 'I met his lordship and Lady Alice,' re plied the young farmer, 'yesterday morning. They were on their way to the Grange, by the adviceof Doctor Erdale. Your sister smiled and condescended to accept some simple wild flowers I had gathered in the wood. Would she have smiled if her father's life had been in danger ?' 'Frank!' exclaimed Lord Walter' 'you have lifted a tombstone from my heart.' 'Gone to the Grange!' repeated the rever end gentleman, his countenance brightening at the intelligence. 'Very wise, most proper precaution!..Mr. .Buckhurst is a most esti mable man! firm supporter of church andstate; keeps excellent port, and lives like a Christian gentleman' As this- great sorrow, my dear lord, has mercifully been keilt from you, I sliall postpone mily visit to the worthy Rector of 'Walburg,.and accompany you to your incle's house. i should think the carriage mustbe repaired by this time,' he added, 'and we had better depart at once.' The. friends did not wish to separate, but agreed'to ride to the Grange together, Walter accepted the horse Frank had been riding,' and the young farmer mounted a powerful roadster, one of his father's team. They were to precede the waggon and car riage, which the tutor occupied by himself. As the party quitted the Raven where the landlord stood bowing obsequiously, cap in hand, Ethel whispered a last warning in the ear of Frank 'I know there is danger. I feelit hovering around; be upon your gnard. If true friend ship and courage can guard against it you will do so. Beware of the Devil's Gap. 'Why not speak more plainly?' demanded the young man. The poor girl wrung her hands. 'Because I know nothing, ' she murmured. 'If I did, think you I would hesitate for an instant" ' WVhy, Ethel, you speak like a womanl' ' My fears have made me one.' She might have said her heart. It was a fearfully dark night. The strong east wind drove masses of clouds athwart the heavens, breaking them occasionally so as to permit the stars to peep through the rent, then capriciously vailing them again from the gaze of the young men, who were both, however, suffieiently acquainted with the New Forest not.to lose their way. Occasionally the wild fox crossed their path on the way to his nightly prowl-gliding noiselessly along with a murderer's stealthy step; and the great night hawk sailedjominously over their heads upor his silent wings. 'Ethel nervous,' observed Lord Walter, speaking for the first time-for both the young men had. been plunged in reverie. 'The solitude of her home tells upon her imagina tion.' 'Still her warning is not to be slighted,' replied Frank, who had been thinking of Lady Alice: SWlhat warning?' ? ' " ' I-will tell you when wearrive safely at the Giange.' As the young farmer uttered these word he distinctly saw, during a momentary flash of autnmnal lightning, two figiures cross the path. e-Id shouted to them, but they disappeared in the underwood. 'Why did you call out ?' demanded his friend who had not perceived them. ' Possibly it was a wild fox crossed my path,' answered frank, evasively. 'Thank heaven,' he added, ' we have reached the Gap.' CHAPTER III. AL'THOUGH in one of our preceding chapters we alluded to the Devil's Gap, a more detailed description of the place becomes necessary to enable our readers to comprehend perfectly the scene which followed. The Gap had been so named from the abrupt termination of the road at the edge of a steep precipice, which, from a giddy height looked down upon a long disused quarry of limestone, part of a chain of rocks running through the New Forest. A solitary ash tree, the growth of ages, hung over the yawn ing abyss, leaving more than half its gnarled roots exposed to the rain and winter blast. The remaining ones, as if with an instinctive sense of preservation, had stuck deeply into themasses of earth above. Notwithstanding this, the aged denizen of the forest was re garded as anything but secure. During the high winds of March it swung fearfully over the depth below, and in winter, when the northern blasts whistled through its branches a moaning wailing sound might be heard from them like a cry of distress. Imagination might have fancied a cry of human agony in the sound. To guard against danger to such wayfarers as might be travelling the road by night, two lamps, which it was the duty of the landlord of the Raven to attend to, were kept burning from sunset to sunrise, one on each side of the Gap. Since the above precaution had been observed, compratively but few accidents had occurred. The warreners, keepers and woodmen were alike interested in keeping up the warning lights, and swift justice would have been dealt by them to any one-found tampering with them. There were two roads comparatively safe ones. One on each side of the Gap. The first led to the little town of Walburg-the stately residence of Lord Falconberg, the Grange, and the principal farms in the neighbourhood. The second struck out into the very heart of Hampshire, through rich, cultivated lands, dotted with well-timbered parks, the homes of the county magnates. 'Let me go first,' said the young farmer, anxious for the safety of his companion; 'Not so,' replied the high-spirited youth. 'You treat me like a child, Frank. If there is any danger, why should you be the first to encounter it ?' ' Recollect, the path is steep.' 'Have we not mounted it a hundred times together?' said his lordship, laughingly. 'You treat me like a girl, Frank., Givinig the rein to his horse, the speaker advanced at a brisk pace, taking, as he thought, the road to Walburg; but one of the lamps had been removed and fixed at a dis tance leaving the precipice exposed and un guarded. In an instant the high-spirited ani mal and its rider disappeared over the edge. 'Hah I' exclaimed the young farmer, with a cry of horror. 'He has gone over ! There has been treachery !--foul and deliberate treachery I Cruel ! cruel I Who shall tell his poor father and sister this ?' His frantic cries caused the wagon'and drivers to pullup. Doctor Barnard, who'ptu dently followed in the rear, alighted from the carriage, and nervously inquired what had occurred. Frank could only sob forth the words. Dead I dead ! murdered I' The naturalselfishness, the care of his own safety, vanished in an instant, and the rev erend tutor sank upon his knees to murmur a prayer for the soul of his pupil-so young, so gifted in all the nobler elements of being, high courage, generous thoughts, and manly scorn of wrong. Till that bitter moment he never knew how greatly he had loved him. "What a fearful accident !' he said, as he rose from his knees. 'It has been no accident,' muttered the young fartmer between his set teeth, 'but design, base, cowardly, calculation." I call upon you to take notice,' he continued, turn ing to the carters and those around him, 'that the position of the lamps has beenr changed, leaving the gap exposed. Why! I why ! did I not ride first 1 What would the sacrifice of my life have been compared to: his?' 'Thee mun ask that question at the farm,' said Chowl, his father's head carter, who accompanied the wagon; 'it would ha been a sad day at the homestead if aught had happened to thee.' Poor Frank had his face in his hands-not that he felt ashamed of his tears, which were flowing freely-but he felt the reproof when he thought of his parents. He started, as if he had suddenly received an electric shock, for a low wailing cry, which sounded something like his own name, had fallen upon his ear, but so faint and in distinct that he thought at first his senses had played him false. 'Is it the spirit of my friend?' he de manded, solemnly. ' Walter; Dear Walter I by the memory of our boyish love, unbroken confidence, and true hearted sympathy, this deed shall be avenged ! It is a sacred trust; body and soul I devote myself to its fulfill ment ! Never will I know rest till I have discovered the hideous mystery, and drag the assassins to justice !' The cry was repeated, and this time the name of Frank distinctly pronounced, al though it sounded from a considerable dis tance.. 'Lord ha' mercy upon us !' ejaculated the old carter. 'It came from the Devil's Gap ! It mun be my young lord's ghost !' Frank Oatlands was not naturally super stitious. His clear brain rejected the idle tales he had heard so frequently in childhood, although in the first outbreak of his grief he had imagined the voice calling upon him to be the departed spirit of his friend. 'It came from the Gap I' he exclaimed, greatly excited,. as he rushed to the brink of the precipice. But the faithful Chowl threw his arms around him as he reached the very edge, and despite the vast strength of his young master, held him with a firm grasp. 'No, Master Frank,' he said; 'we beant agoin' to lose thee. Fetch down one of the lamps there and bring it forrards. Now do be calm. We musn't ha' two deaths to mourn. If God ha' mercifully preserved our young lord thee can't help the work in this state." There was a common?sense in thle words of the speaker which restored Frank Outlands in a great measure to himseit, and he became comparatively collected, though still deadly pale. 