Novelist. MR. MONTFORD'S ROOM. By Waif Wander (W. W.). IT was a strange experience altogether, and I have for years been very chary of relating it; The; sight] of iColohel, Ajtd ? well's name in alat a /paper, .however, has recalled1 the whole affair so vividly to me, that I may. interest you in ieoording it. I came ' out to-these colonies fully de ?' termined oti aettlinjf, and, , when I heard that B angaria Station waa in. the. market. I immediately put cmyaelf in communica ? tioh with the owner, Colonel ; Ardwell.' .1 ' found him a. jolly, agreeable man of the \- world* and '' we arranged iat,onoe thatj he Bhould accompany.me on aviait of inspec 1 tion to tue property. : . '-. 'I own to. you that I shall bo glad to get rid of the place,' he said, as, during the afternoon^ of' the iseoond..day of bur ? journey; we were getting near Bunerarra. ? 'I mistook my vooatioa when I tried to mako a country gentleman of ; myself. '? Ton see wjiat a lonely -iountry,it is, and I do believe another. Biz months of it would . ' have killed me.' \- ' Have yon owned the station long f ' I ' inquired; , . ??About two years, and I haven't lived! the ' fourth- ol the time, on ii. '.Ifryou findjthe place suit you, I should ietrongly, advise you to- keep on; M'Laod ; h6's,, a, pattern \- manager, and his heart iB:in his work. |0h, , by-the-way, I forgot tp teliyou that there is ,. » Bort - oi 'inoumbranoa,, tacked to .Bungarra in the ihape pt an old womaa.' . 'As old woman?!' /' Tefl ; . the laie owner willed the sale of .. ' this -property, only . on condition that it ah'ould ?fiord her shelter and subsistence. daring her life. An annuity-is-also provided, and acsr tain room allotted to- her. during the re mainder of her existence.' j ' How strangel' I observed. ' Oh, she's some favourite; old servant, I luppuee, and she's a queer old soul; but 1' ??I -never found her the leapt trouble.' \- 'But, surely, Mr. Montlord .might. have provided for the old. woman, without 'taoking , ber on to the eafiato ?' I said. . Well, yes, it 'does seem odd. I didn't . mind, as I have-said, but, if the old creature . Interferes with my sale' of Bungarra, I must try and bny her off somehow.' ,n I wu eaahaint^d with' Bungarra and all its iurroundingB. I; lay ia a eplendid^oountry, a broad, and .magnificent; view of whioh was afforded from , nearly, every window of the \- lonse. And the| unusual' style of the) said , house formed not tbe least of its . attractions . to me ; it was eo unlike anything I had con ? oeivedol colonial arahiteoture. The building'lay on the slope of a grand ?hill, and waa of blue-stone, and: one Btory . only. , Already scarcely, a stonei was visible, ? for a thick screen ot English ivy was \ flouriahing around it and- up to the; very mouldings of the ohimneys. - The windows were Bmoll, and were diamond-paned, old-fashioned saahee, and the deep veran dahs were Heavily pillared, and even is broad daylight only held as muah light as- that afforded by a thick forest. ' Fortunately the sitting rooms face the part; of the house a. stranger might set down as the back, or there would be no; light at all in tho place,' the colonel said, aa ' we alighted from the' vehicle, asd introduced me to the capable-looking man M'Leod, who was manager of the estate. ' H'Leod willjjhow you over the place, for, , to tell jrou the truth, I know' very little more of it than my own three roomB' and' the stables. Ton will find it an oddly planned house.' ? : It was an' oddly-planned house, yet one; built, I could quite believe, with the one view of suiting it to the requirements of the olimate. It was built in the, shape of the letter E, with the wing of the house that, corresponded with the bottom of the E, lying rigtt against the .hill. In the oentre of the Bquare formed by, .the three angles of -the building, a fountain, sup plied, as M'Leod told me, by the drainage from the hill, scattered its radiating spray refreshingly in the sun, and ..the stone portico, that, completed the lotterresem blanoe, as it. were, was . covered with a olimbing rose-tree, heavy with blossoms. . 1 need not, -however, delay my story by.any unnecessary description of Bungarra. I inspected it olosely, approved of, and bought the property. I saw.the old woman enoom branoe,.and pitied her trembling hand ssd white, worn iaoo, quite enough to put any idea of hor being in the way out of my head, but that she was quite unaware that the property had'ohanged hands until I went to livu on it I disoPvexed within an hour , of my arrival. I had taken up my own man, one I had brought from England with me, and as soon as M'Leod, who had been making Bomo arrangements with me, had gone out, Linton told me that the old woman , - was . very anxiona to speak to me. ' She's in an awful to-do about something, air,' he added. ' I think I never 'saw a woman's faoe bo white in my life.' My permission ushered her into the room almost instantly, and as Bhe Blood by the door, hesitatingly holding it in her hand, I had an opportunity 'of notioing her agitation as extreme. She was bo thin and frail-look-, ing, too, 'and her deep blaok dress so sugges tive of trouble and death, that I felt for the poor old oreature, and roBe to plaoe her a ohair. ' Sit down, Mrs. Tone. If you have any thing to Bay to mo, you can say it more at your ease thus.' She Bat down and lifted her dim eyes to my face as Bhe nervously fingered the oornerB of her blaok apron. It seemed to me aa il Bbe were anxiously Boanning and trying to read my oharaoter in my face.' ' I didn't know that Colonel Ardwell bad sold Bungarra until to-day, sir,' she began, ' and I'm anxious about it.' ' Oh, you may set your mind at rest,' I : hastened to answer. 'I am quite aware of the lite claim you have on the property, that will be all right.' ' But the closed room, sir ? Did the Colonel; : tell you about that ?' . The question was so anxlouBiy put,- and' . auoh a strange one, that I looked hard into the woman's faoe as I returned.' 'Tho olosed room t what closed room 1' 'The roam : where' 'Mr.'Montford died,' she replied, in a low voice, as her eyea fell to' the floor, and heir lips trembled. 'Oh, I remember now 1 Colonel Ardwell did say something about a room being shut np at the baok — something about an absnrd talk of its being haunted, wasn't it? But tho ooldnel never visited it, did he 'No, sir, no foot has crossed the thres hold sinoe the master died, and he wouldn't rest in his grave if any foot did.' ' My good woman,' I eaid, with a firm ness that I have no doubt gave her Bome insight into my determination of oharaoter, 'if there i£ one thing more utterly abominablo and disgusting to me than another it is superstitious ' nonsenee of any sort. I will take care there are no ghosta about this house while I am its owner. 'Which of these keyB is that of this haunted roomP' and I laid the bunch of keys on the table before her. She pointed to one, rusted and discoloured. ' That, is it. but for God's eake, sir, be warned, for there is no luck in crosBing the wishes of the dead.' 'When the wishes of the dead interfere with the comfort of the living, they Bhall not be considered at Bungarra,' I replied, 'Mr. Montford's wishes as to yourself he has make . lawful and binding on good parchment, but there is no mention of a reserved room.' ' He had not time, or ho would have done it,', she murmured. 'No time?' : ; 'No Bir, I don't think that Colonel Ardwell ever knew, how Mr. Montford died, for he never tried to deseorate the room he out oif from the living by his expressed dying wishes, but as you sir, are determined to let light into a spot daylight should never penetrate, I tell you that Mr. Mont ford was murdered iu that chamber.' As she spoke, the old woman rose and curtsied to me, and then went out of the door with a tottering step, yet without ftnnt.her wnrd. I was angry, and my curiosity was, excited. I put out my hand, and touched the bell for my man. 'Linton,' I Baid, when he appeared, 'there's a room in this house, that has been ahut up for years lit Beems — I want: to visit it — do you know in what part of the building it is f' 'I can IguoBs, air, for I was wondering at the state of a door at the end of the hill, wing, as Mr. M'Leod calls it. It does not seem to have been opened or dusted for ages, and the cobwebs are in every corner of it.' ' , 'Here's the key of it. I am going to visit that room.' .'As we passed, along the hall that 'ran right through the building, and round its every wing, I looked, but saw nothing, of Mrs. Tone. I thought, perhaps, she might - wish to look once moro into the room that evidently held a deep interest for her— but it was hot so. Somehow or other, as I fol lowed Linton along the dim passage that led to the closed room, I felt lor the first time in my life some idea of the sensations encountered by' the superstitious when they approaoh the dread scene of a murder or a tragedy. _. The door was the very last in the corri dor, and as Linton, with some difficulty, turned the rusty key in the look | and opened the door, nothing was visible but a darkness wonderful to exist in the broad .-light of day. The ono window opened into I tho quadrangle formed, by the arms of the building, but it, was so overgrown, by the interlaced ivy that the few rays itaidmitted were easily' caught by the olosed Venetian blind inside. Linton at once 'drew up the blind and opened the 'window, while I eagerly waited to eoe what appearance was presented by this chamber of death. It was a tolerably large room, furnished with every convenience as tho bedchamber of ,a; gentleman acoustomed to be sur rounded with the luxuries as well as the comforts of life. Tho large half-teater bed was hung and draped .with a handsome cretonne, the couch at the foot of the bed, aad the easy chair by the fire-place; were covered with the same. A- large mirror oooupied a prominent placo on 'the. carved toilet-table, on which yet. remained the combs, brushes, and other toilet requisites, ^ prooably an the last owner had lett them, and directly opposite the bed -and toilet' were the double doora of a large oloset, in whioh still hung many garments that gave out a damp, mildewed smell as the doors; were opened. The strangest thing of: all was, however, the ifaot -that from : one Bide of the floor, oloBe to the bed, the rioh carpet was tossed, back, and the ' boards, whereon ...were great, dark stains, lay quite exposed; I use . the. word toBsed advisedly,' for .the carpet was not folded ,baok,rbut lay as , if it had been thrown baok: by a strong and hurried hand. My man raised his eyes from contemplating these dark stains, and meeting mine said, seriously : 'This must be the room where. Mr. .Montford was murdered; sir.' 1 ' Oh, j/ott'ra -heard that story,- then P' I asked. ? ,r ' les, sir j the waiter at the hotel where we baited told me, and 'seemed to wonder that I did not already know.' 'Ah I and he doubtless hinted !a little about aghoBt.-and all1 that sort of 'thing, eh?' ' Well, yes, sir j he did' Bay -that -this room was said to be haunted.' ? ' Exactly so. Now, Linton,: you havo known me long enough to believe^that I won't have any such, nonsensical tales about a' place that has become my property; I don't believe in ghosts ; of any - shape or form, and, to settle the matter, I shall bike this room as a sleeping-chamber for myself. See that it is put : in order j have a good fire made; throw open: tho door and window j have that ivy pruned that keeps out air and light, and to-night I'll see what sort of ghoBts haunt Bungarra.' ' All rights sir.' I was going away, leaving the arrange ment entirely to Linton, when a ourioBity that I felt growing on me urged me to ask a question : - ' ' By-the-syay, did you hear any par: tibularB of this murder, Linton ?' j 'I susppot the man - told : me .all he knew himself, sir. It seems Mr. Montford was a very odd oharaoter, and:was known to keep all his money under his own hand. One morning when this old womau, Mrs. Tone,' came to bring bis hot water as uaual, she found him lying there on: the floor- in his own blood, and bo badly wounded that, although he lived for two day a, he scarcely spoke, save to' the lawyer that made Jiis will. : Mrs; Tone and her; son were' with him when he died, and no one else.' j ' Her son ? ' where is As now^' ' 1 don't know, air. The old woman must have been very fond bf'hermaBter, for they say she has nevef held up her.head since, and has-aged a good twenty years sinoe 'he died.' I went away to the Bitting- ro,om, and sat down to try' and puzzle a meaning out of the strange Btory I had heard in connection with the old woman's name. ' That some mystery surrounded both her and the memory of her late master, I was oerlain,,yet I was some what uneasy as to the efEeot my decision to o'ooupy the room myself: migut have upon her, - bo I determined to commnnioate. -it myself, and see if any expression she might let fall would be any guide to me. ' It was a lovely; afternoon,' the buu- as fit ; drooped to the weBt falling fully, on the play- ' ing waters ot the .fountain in the : oentre !of what I.may term the court- yard, formed by the angles ot tho building. I went out, and, standing in the porch, looked toward; the room- where .my. valet was. busy, it was on my right, at the extreme end ot the wing of the house, aB I. havo already stated, and then for tiie first time I observed, at a little 'dis tance irom the room, and lying right against ibe hiU itself, a email tenement with- a chimney and a patch of flowers in front. It,etruok-me that it was the habitation of old Mrs. Tone. ?- ' Impulsively I stlolled acroaa the yard, and: approaohed the open door oi the small oot tage. If I had any doubts as to its being the old woman's place of abode, the Bight of her seated inside, with her head bowed on the table, and ; her withered hands clasped above it, .waB Buffioient to set . them i at rest. . The poor oreature was apparently) in great agitation— great sobB shaking her frail body, from head to foot. ; Ioould not; help wondering if thiB awful griel h'ad anything to do with the opening ol ' the room in which ,her ^unfortunate master had diedj.but l do not think I- Bhould 'have .ventured toimakp my presenoe : knoWn udder the.cirbnmstanooB. I liad, however,'- hardly drawn baok to go, when she'lifted her wldte, tear- Btained'fape'; and saw me. ' The thbnghts of my mind sprang to my lips ere I had'time to think. ',I hopo it iB not anything oonneoted'^ith the oloBed room that is troubling'.you* thus,' I Baid. ' You are 'bid enough tO'know that suoh'. fooliBh 'superstitions should not ) be oarried to the edge ol the grave.' 'Idb not blame you— you know no better,: and it' is the will of' ;God,'- she replied, shortly, as she wiped her dim eyeB. ? ' ''Eou. lead too lonely a life, my poor woman,' I continued, 'you have brooded over the Bad loss of a doubtless good master until your brain has become weakened. ] At your age it is not right for you- to live! by yoursolf. : Where is your son^who was Here at Mr; Montford's death ?' If I hud struok the woman , with a stone ohe oould not' have more 'Visibly staggered; she drew baok suddenly, as if from' a - heavy blow, and stared at me with a terror that almost oommuaioated itself to me.' What had' I said or done to cause suoh an awful exhibition of fear and horror as lay stark in in that old woman's iaoo 7 i Degan to ttilnE, aB tbe moat elmple; oluoidation of all j the mystery that seemed to surround her, that her brain was really giving way under I her trouble and loneliness. ; , ' 'Ton did not understand me, I fear, Mrs. Tone, I only asked yon if you knew where your son waB. . He would be oompany for you and, if you thought, fit, I havo no doubt employment. oould he lound.'for'ihim oni the .station. Do you know where he is?'' 'He. 18 dead! ;doai! deadr .flho cried, wildly, .'. dead to life, dead to hope, dead to : God, and.dead to me 1'. and tosaing her Ithin arms above her head, Bhe .'.tottered into an inner chamber and left me'to go hack even more bewildered than-when I had,, left the parlour. AB I passed the. o^eu window of the room I. had deoided on . oooupying, I pausedj and looked in; Linton had got M'Leod'a .house- keeper . at work with . him, the . carpet was lilted, and sbakon, and the hangings removed from the bed for the purpose, of Airing and. dusting, .doubtless. 'The 'maltrasstjs, aud , bedding had also disappaaredl arid the floor had been scrubbed. A bright fire blazed on the low hearth, and thelmoat superstitious .would have found little qf the haunted room in the appearance pre sented by the renovated chamber; ., I said as muoh to my man while the woman had gone out to bring the carpet off the grass. ' Yes, Bir, it begins to look mora , habit able, bnt it is ,, too hurriod; 'tho day is wearing so fast. I have not been able to clean out tbo closet, which, yon . knpw, is full of the dead gentleman's olothea, and I have .put. the mattrassea ^and' bedding in there trntil' to-morrow—but that will not come out,' and he pointed tb-the 'blood' stains on the floor by the bed, whioh were beginning to creep boldly to view again i from the drying moisture of the sorubbing- 1 brush, ? ' Never mind ; the carpet will cover it,' j was my reply, as I went away. . Well, night oame, and bedtime, when j escorted by my attendant, I went to spend - my first night in the mysterious chamber. : Nothing could 10 ok more comfortable.! My.own easy, -ohair. and. slippers .stood, by' ?the clear. fire; all my :tojlet requisites were) .spread out on ' the snowily-draped toilet, .'the silver tops rand stoppers reflecting .themselves brightly in the, :ta1i, ' dark mirror behind .them. The lamp 'burned clearly, and the bed, folded.down ready for occupation, . looked .soft and - white, and' .enticing,.. enough to tempt a xnan less fatigued than. I . found myself- to ' the soundest of slumbers. ?'.'Would, it not be as .well for me to sleep on this couoh to-night, sir, so as to be handy in case you want, me P' Linton . hesitatingly asked as'he wasabont to retire, and was lowering the light with the evident1 -intention of leaving'it burning. | /'What I' I almost .roared, ''am' I to; have yOu , turning,, Bnperstitious on my! hanids, too Linton? *? Weli,;'Ir;give -you! notice,, that if I over -see suoh another Bymptom of it, yon leave'my service, if. youl had been twenty , insteod bf ten years' in it.' 'What should I want you for ? or if I should, there is a bell olose to 'the bed. Put out that light, and go',' j Before complying, the man took the bell-j pull which was the old-fashioned cord, and, tassel, and twined it lightly round the bed: post, so aa to be within reaoh of . my. hand,) theu he blow out . the light, and , went out on; tip-toe, and without another word. \ It would !ba: falsn to say that I , did not' experienoa any . unuaunl, lensttiottB ns : I layj there In the; Bemi-darkneae, and in.the roomj where a draad tragedy had bean par for mad. for I did. Nob that I waa afraid, or had the1 least anticipation* of any apltltual visitation,! bub I.got to pioturing that last night of MrJ Montford, and' fanoylng his aensatlona aa he awoke with lh«; murderer**' knife at -his breast. A struggle for- dear life had been' euaotud ou the very bed I oooupied; ruddy! blood had poured bo deeply liito the boards! by my sida that the sbainr yet bore'witnaas agalnot tho murderer and zefuaed to-be ob-; literated. Who waa the' murderer ? I knew nothing oftheaf&lr; save- what I-had gathered that day, and I waa lgaorant of afaotthatl afterwards discovered, viz., that M.r; Montford waa supposed to-have recogalaed' the apiller of blood, but Bealed hla llpa ai to hia identity, that remained to that veryday uaknown. The glow of the rodJembera-alon»:giTe a faint light around ; the hearth, .and the allauoe, save-by th« tioklug-of my. watoh above my head, waa unbroken. -The ..un- acoustomad air,.exerolao, and exoltam'ent of the day had -fatlgued me;.and. gradually my thoughts began; to wander and' grow, con fuaed. I fell &sleep;, and knew no more until I waa suddenly awakened by a: strange con-, ousoion that . I could - not .comprehend, and Whioh- seemed i to have- shaken - the tbed . as though some, heavy body had violently struok against it. ? I aat up. in hbed and., listened. For a moment I could have fanoied: that some one was in' the,room,- and vthat I heard a door creak,- but; feeling angry- with myaelf .lor being so impressed J)y, what muat have been, a dream, I took the matohos .from .the night atand. atruok one, and lit.the reidy wix light. Aa aooa as it fairly threw ita illumina tion round the chamber I saw lying at the foot ot the bed the bidding and mattreaaea removed by Linton from the bedstead I lay iupon. ' ( ? . ' I waa very angry, for I felt oonBiderably shaken , by the taudden , etarf I had been awakened with, and I took advantage of my man's arrangement of the ball-rope to pull it lustily. Linton' made his 'appearance bo quickly that it was evident he had hot rotired, and. he presented himself with a frightened ; looking faoe that still further aggravated me. ' What is the matter, sir? Oh 1' and he Btar'ed at the bedding on the floor in suoh undisguised astonishment that I oould have' .Btruok'him. \- 'The matter? Yousee it well enough. How dare you,- sir— how dare you arrange that bedding bo oarelesely in the closet that it mnBt come tumbling-, out 'in: the dead, of, night 1 At my time-' of- life itjmight be of -very- serious-, consequence to me to be awakened by a shook like this.' ' I begyour pardoo, eir ; I packed the heap up with my own. hands, and it seemed to me an impossibility for it to tumble down.' 'There's your impossibility!' I Baid, pointing to, the annoying matter. Take it out o! this, to the .'passage,' the yard, any where, bo that I am ensured from a repetition ot this'annoyanoe.' ' Bat the oloaet doorja shat; sir. Have' you been up?' No, I had not bean np ; yet there was the closet door closed to a eertainty. ' Bah 1 it haa a tendency to close itself like many other doors,' I remarked. ' Gat that rubbish out and take yourself oil, Linton.'' The man passed round to take up some of, the blankets, eto., for removal, and, all at onopi I saw him stop and droop the oandlei he carried in hia hand toward the floor. 'You haven't been out of bed, sir,', he said, looking at me with a puzzled and rather frightened expression-^' yon haven't notioed the carpet?' « xne Qtftipek f . I leaned ovor the bed to see what was the matter with the oarpet.tand was more than j astonished, for the floor was bare where the stains, were and the oarpet flung baok, just as I had 'observed it to* be on my first visit to the room. I knew it oonld not have been so when I had retired, as I entered the. bed trom the earpoted spot whore Mr. Montford's. blqpd lind been spilled. 'There's some triokery going on'here,'.I declared, 'and that old woman's in it; Take out that heap of rubbish, and, when you have' done bo, I will look the doorjbehind you 1' . . I could-pefeeive-from- Linton's manner1 that' he was' far, from being at/ease, and east furtive looks toward the. closet as he passed it. He did not, however, oiler, to. open or - Bearah it, but, when he had onoe -more retired, I rose,' looked, the door, and opened ' that of the oloBet, whioh- had no look; but simply a latch; lilted by. means '' of a brass 'handle 'on; the outside. -1 It jwas not even latohad, aad,' though hung round with clothea, -could by no means have afforded' concealment to a human balngi .Again, -I returned, to bad, having aunredly latchad the door of the oloaet I had olosely ? examined, and. drawn up the, bllnd,-.«g»lnat whioh. the mooallt .ahidowa 'of ivy leaves were fiiokering aa the soft; braise moved them to and fro. ' It 'waa aome. time - tre-I alapt again. In spite ot my reaion I felt aoc&ewjhat; nervous and Ul at taee.: 'A forgot' to aay. that Ijinton had re- spread tha carpet; over thei unholy'i atalna, and ik twa? the faot of the ciarpet being removed that puiilod me moat. ! But at laat, with the full determination of throw ing some light on the mystery by 4 -full- search on the tqorrow, I dropped ofl aaleep once more. I . J i. It 'must have' been Instinct that, awoke mc next, for, -' as I.suddenly opened -my eyes, not a' sound fell npom my ears.. 'With an unacknowledged' dislike to tnrn.myi back toward the side i from whioh the carpet had been so'myateiloualy removed 1 1 bad fallen, (ulotp with my. faoe toward it and toward tba.fyladow. ' I.aaw the. ah'adOws.of the. ivy leav»0,..aml the '..moon's . rays atreamipg' between them, and, aa I mora : fully arouaed myaplf, I. beoamo conscious of a .dark .objept lowor dot7c,.and .between me and the,; lower part of tho window— some being was doubtless in the room with, ma I , I dM not mov». I , watched It so closely that, even. in the darkness below the window, rhogsn to lancy I oould trace .the outlined .ahade of a. kn-eling human' form.' Tne bowed head,, that ..alone .roae. to intervpue tbetwesn.me and. the b-ightneaa'of the moon lit window, seemed to!.oioillate' slowly to and fro, and a something bright opr/talnly gleapie'd .in what appeared., to be clasped hands pyer Which long voluminous sleeves draped them selvea. darkly. So n«ar seamed' that, figur'a to mo that, reaching ont my' hand, I could t'have touohed It; yet, .coward that I waa 'after , all; I dared .-not stretoh It out. Oaa movem-nt I made. ' It' was to seise '.'the matehee for the pdrpoae of ' striking a. Ilgh', As I did so, Euid the -growing blaze - grew, flickered, and caught' the wick of the'- wax light, I , eagerly looked toward the window. There waB nothing 'there— not the shadow 'of a Shadow, but the.c^rpetwaa again thrown 'back froui'the stains bf blood. -'? d ' I 'slept no. more 'that night,- and was rejoioed to see the daylight appoar after the . longest houra of - darkness 'I-- had over ex -perlenced. While yet -in the alienee and ' dapthof nlght'-I-had to own 'to myself j that - I'experienoed a-nort'of unacoountableiawe at i the apparently unearthly vialtatlona I , had ! experienced; but as the idaybeams broke; sunnily into '-the weird ,room I began to i fancy I mu*t have dreamed of that ^kneeling f form; or plotured It to myself ' by - the force i of an exolted imagination. It required , only { -the light of'the disarranged carpeo to aaaure I ma that aotpe kind ?' of ^unknown - power hud j ?really-tyeen at- work in. the. looked room, I ; I ran'gthe bpll, rose and unlooked the.door| to admit Lluton, whose very first look waaj one of horror at the , again disturbed oarpet ; knowing I should require his -aesistanos in the thorough examluutlon' I inteuded in aking,| I told him my experiences' of the night while I was dreislDg.' '?- Wo are' tae lubjects-of pome trick; the objeot of; whioh la ' to-keep- us out of '-this- room,' I concluded. ' The trick I am bent j upon dlaooveriiig for' the purpoie-of puniohj ingltB author. ' The objeot, I 'daresay, - will be found out also j-'but I am cortoln that old woman has something to do with both.' First I caused every article of attlro to be; turned oat of the oloiet, and m»de a close; search of It for some surreptitious maana of, entrance, but 1 could .find. none. Then; while Linton was disposing of tho laHe M.t, Montford's garmpnta, over hedges and fencesj f.-r tho pnrpoae of being thoroughly aired, I went to. old Mrs. Tone's cottage, intending plainly to acocse her ot having annoyed me during the night, but I wai fated to be dls; appointed at every step. The cottage was looked np and silent, and the very key had disappeared from the key-hole. ' Someone there must be residing, in the neighbourhood, who la. acquainted with the clroumstanoes of Mr. Montford's death,' I , said to my. man, after breakfast. ' I .shall .ride over to the township and sep If I. can not find out .the. medloal man wbo attended him at his death. - 'That will he nselesi, sir,' Linton re-, plied. 'I have been inquiring of Mr. M'Leod, . the manager, and he says the doctor here is a new man, come - alucie he did himself, whioh was only when Colonel Ardwell bought the property. Do you think, air, 'hut it would b® any g°oJ to enquire, of the Catholic eUrgyman ? Th«y say the dead gentleman was a very strict Rjman Cathollo,. and so is Mrs. Ford.' fit can, at' least, do no , harm to jtry and get seme advioe in the afiilr,' I said ; ' but you jmay be sure if tha clergyman knows anything he has been bound to sscrasy, or more of the affvlr would be known in the neighbourhood. However, I shall call on the clergyman.' And in an.-honr I had ridden from Bun garra, leaving Linton strlob orders to keep the mysterious chamber close fastened until my return. I was fortunate In flndingFather O'Connor at home — and an Intelligent and friendly man-of-the-world. He ltaiened to. my rela-' tlon of» my troubles a nd mysterlsa with a face that grew more and. more serious as I preoeeded. When I related the fact. of Mrs. Fone's disappearance he rose suddenly, and with some excitement. \- ?- I' muat - return^ to; Bungarra with you, ?air, '-he said. 'You are quite right , in sup poaing that I know mnoh of the faots of Mr. Montford's murder that are. unknown to tha polioa ;? theae faots were confided, to. ins undor seal ot confession — a seal which death must soon break If it has not already done so. Bxouse me while I order my horBe.' ?' ? We returned. together to the , station, j and nearly-in silence, .aa the priest, aeemed anxionsly brooding,) and in hsBte to reaoh' our destination. As Boomas we dismounted in the court, he i walked, straight to ,Mra. Tone's door, andJknooked and.oalled loudly, ' Mary 1 Marj Tone I ( Open, it ia I, |Father 1 O'Connor, *!;but there was, neither,, reply; or souhii^and, without: lurther .parley, being a tail, 'powerful man, ? he put.hiB. ehouldep to the door and buret it open. ' . There waa no one in 'the little room, and ho eign' of late habitation. As the priest was '' about to enter;the baok apartment, he turned to me and said, 'hurriedly : ' Oblige me by going . to Mr. : Montford's room; air, I will ioin you there shortly, and explain all this,' and he disappeared,, closing the door behind him. ' Theae extraordinary proceedings cer tainly require some explanation,' I observed, with eome annoyanoe/to Linton, who ,was standing at' the door; 'but open the door and let hs-await his reverence. aB -he jhaB' indioated.' : . ! , . : The haunted room being, aa I have before said, the last of the wing against the hil|, it was but a few BtepB from Mrs. Tone's; place, yet' to gain it^we had to go roond by i the portloo and bo along the hall to -it. Linton nlannd ths'kev in the door, turned it in i the loek, and drew bask to allow me to ester, I did until I had passed the threshold, (and then, -with an exolamation half, ol fear jand, half oi amazement; I stood etlll for a moment to realise the awful pioture before my eyes. On the bare floor by the . bedside, I for the ' replaced eaipet bad . again . been drawn baok; a figure in a long, dark jand ooarse garment was lying r still land mollonltta. . The figure was that of a , man, and the portion ot the oounteranco unhidden by the. tangled grey beard was, ghaitly ,whlta and smaolatsd to,;extremlty. .The sunken eyes wire open partially, and the thip. hinds' olasped . to the scarcely heatfne breast a .silver oruoifix. ~ ^rom the position in which the body lay It would seem aa if therman had fallen oyer from his knses, and it; was bqt too evident that he w a» dyldg— even in .that imomept of painful aorprlae It flashed Upon mo that I - was looking, upon! the murderer of Mr., ijontford I , At thla moment, to my greater Burprlae, 'Father O'Connor entered the. room by;the door of the' oloBet, . and, kneeling by the dying man, raised his head on his knae. Evidently he was. recognised, for a sad amllo pasaed over his lips as he weakly murmured; ; ',Ib is juat, Father, I. die on the spob where T took life, ' and hla head fell ovor and Mated ; a- dead oheok oh the daik stain of the blood tie i»4»pW«d, , i .--.-- I cannot even yet recall without pain ih- faeling'a I expprlenoed . duriug the nox) feti. hours, at, my. uew purchase. ; The clergyman had fpund Mrs. Tone In » dying state in' the oeliar that bad served as her sop's1 voluntary hldiog plaoe fipih the world slnoP the murder of ,her muter.' It was impouible and 1m politic to attempt: further :conaealment, ahd a magisterial' inquiry ..held oa -the bpdiet .br.ought to .light most rof . the partlcuUra related to me privately by F»ther O Oonnor. ? ' John ,Tona: had always' been' a wild oharaoter,' he'- said, V and the tame life Bungolrra.did not snit him,- bo he^inade'-np his mincTto rob. his master' of the' gold-1 he ^new was' kept -in a- amall vault oothmuni oating'with'Mri' Montford's room by a well oonbealed'spring door in . the' oloset. , vHe' did not oalcuiate' bn-'his mastei's'jwaking and reoogniBing -him,. however, andin his terror of discovpry^iud punishment stabbed him to the death;- as he hoped. HHe dldlndt imme diately die, however,, and ..the., mother's pleadiugs-fotr herson's'life aefed'so npon the dying. igentleman' that hfl hplped to co^cpal the crime, enirusting thp tr^Sh; tp,)ione bnt Jne. .; & leu leBslresp^nsibility i^k^epipgitbe seoret aa tho .wrptgiied ,man . was sp . overcome Mith!?reppnt»npe,,ftnd.jcpm^[SO ,aB„jtp1'1be ,, un- willing to look' in' the face qf dpy, and has spent, ,th-pe :yps«p. ;iqr jiehances jftn^ prayers and laBting that, .would have -r worn ,,'o'nt a stronger framo'tbah his.' It was his prac tice to pray nightly on the soot he -had .Bpilled blood — his crime'' was'-- great, hiB atonement waB-'.heavy— may 'God'reatJhi'a BOUl.' j I have spent 'many happy-days at Bun garra Binoe these events. 'My- only and \- widowed -Bister has -- joined mo from home, and her -happy children :make ' the fine old houap, gay- with, lively ,yojces. . The ivy on| the Btone walls is, green ^and^olueterihg, thej .r.ofles ...on the .p'oich', , bjuahing, and Bweet-| Boented. LTho , fqu^iain, plays „ and .Bparkiebj ita, diamond spray in ilie sun, 'and,there , are; no ghostB haunting the long ^alla, yet, I must jOpnfeSB .to. the .'wpaknesB of^having^ rszedj Mrs'. Tone's cottage 'to the. ground, eiiid re-| closed Mr. Montford's room. j 