ODDS AND ENDS. It is stated that the publicans of Mel bourne intend refusing to take the Federal Bank notes, in consequence of Mr Munro's strictures on their calling in his speeches on the Local Option question. On Sunday a little girl named Cameron, aged four years, living near Armidale, threw a stone at a horse, which immedia tely turned round on her viciously, and battered her head in with his fore feet. The child died instantly. A younglady rebukingly asks; "Which is worse — to lace tight or to get tight ?" We give it up — we never laced. The young lady who said the other even ing that she was hungry enough to eat nails often makes such ironical remarks. A French millionaire, in order to en courage population, has left annual prizes to the mothers of the largest families in Paris, with preference to the poorest in ease of equal numbers. The "Loudon Sportsman" stales that in a billiard match played, W. Cook v F. Game, at the rooms, 99 Regent-street, the former made the extraordinary break of 1302, which included 451 spot strokes. The time occupied was one hour and twenty- five minutes. The inmates of a Canadian insane asy lum were taken to a circus. Ths only melancholy result was that they wept "be cause the clowns were at liberty while they were kept confined. " Texas Sittings " declares that it is unprofessional for a newspaper man to stand treat. This would seem to indicate that in Texas newspaper men are thought something of. On Friday last, writes the Gunbowercor- respondent of the ".Bendigo Advertiser, " a most atrociously cruel act was perpe trated here. A wandering horse was caught, a large number of tins tied securely to its tail, and a bag as securely fastened over its head and neck, completely blind folding it. Dogs were then hounded on to it. In its mud career it soon came in contact with a tree, by which it was fright fully lacerated and injured. On examina tion its injuries were fouud so terrible that in mercy it was destroyed. If ever an act deserved punishing, this is one. The French keep potatoes good from one season to another by immersing them in a net for a few seconds in boiling water, and storing them in a) dry room, the im mersion destroying all tendency to ger mination, and the tubers remain sound and well flavored till the next year's crop comes in. The Parisian hotel and res taurant keepers thus preserve their sup plies for summer use. A candidate for municipal honors the other evening on the platform was, reports the "Maryborough Advertiser," asked by the usual wag who has his innings at the questioning. "What's your opinion of the decalogue r" " The what ?" responded the candidate. "The decalogue," was the reply. "What does he mean?" whispered the questioned one to a supporter. " Oh, he means, ' Do you approve of opening public-'nouses on the Sunday,' " was the response. Then the candidate briskly, and with perfect confidence, advancing to the footlights of the platform, said "No, sir, I do not approve of the decalogue ; I consider it highly immoral." (Con siderable applause.) " How are you getting along?" asked n widow of her late husband, who appeared to her at midnight as a ghost. Ghost— " Very well, indeed ; much better thaD during my 20 years of married life on earth." Widow (delightedly) — " Then you are in Heaven ?" Ghost — " Oh, no." A Melbourne correspondent writes to a Sandhurst paper:— "I was shown the other day a very remarkable and interesting geological specimen found embedded in a lump of coke taken from a quantity of that combustible, which was obtained for household purposes in the ordinary way. The fossil is, to all outward appear ance, a middling-sized apple, which has been calcined throughout, and converted into a semi-stony substance of a dark- brown hue, and much harder and heavier than the coal in which it was originally enclosed. Although this is the first speci men of the kind that I have ever met with, I am told that another of a pre cisely similar character has been found under like circumstances in this city." The hat is an important article of church furniture, but it must be passed round in an actual ser.se — at least in the buildings under the control of the Established Church of England. At Leyland, in Lancashire, the other day. the proper'plate not being forthcoming, Mr Joseph Culshaw proceeded to collect the offertory in his hat, and the churchwardens— through they seem to have made no objection to receiving the money thus gathered — promptly proceeded against him for " indecent behaviour;" the magis trates taking their view of the action, and fining Mr Culshaw a matter of 20s. It seems incredible that any person should prefer death by cremation rather than offend f against social etiquette by shouting for help. This, however, is ac tually what occurred lately in Panihatti, Bengal, if the " Indian Mirror " may be believed. Aa the wife of Baboo Kali Nalh Bamerji was lighting a fire one morninn- her clothes accidentally ignited. She might nevertheless, have been saved had she at once cried out, as there were several people in the adjoining rooms. But our contem- pory »ays that this was forbidden her by the rules of the Zenana, which would have been violated had her shrieks reached the ears of the adult male members of the household. The poor creature accordingly kept silence until it was too late for assist ance to be of any avail, and within an hour or two she died in great agonv. A .certain member of Parliament last week passed through his consti tuency, and (almost) aa a matter of course he had to indulge freely. Arriving by the train at a small way side railway station, he mistook it for Spencer-street, and scrambling on to the platform called oat, " Here (hie) cabbie, drive me at once to Parliamentary House." The wag of the township happened to be on the platform, and at once taking.in the situation, responded, " Yes, sir .; here sir. Take vocr luccace. sir. Too late for a cab sir, but I'll accompany yon." The member replied, " Ish all, right, cabby; shall do."" The hon. and obfuscated member was then led by the funhy.-.ffian to the largest hotel in the town, and seated him down. The member wished-ld go to the lobby, and on looking around exclaimed, " Shay-;- you came in the; .wrong door !" and ' then from the hearity bursts of laughter from several persons,.- he found out that instead of being near Parliament House. He'iwas in the sitting-room of an up-country hotel. As Mr Berry -would . . say,: remarks the " Bendigo Advertiser," it was only " a geographical mistake." " - ' , .. 