ntrwolanial NEW SOUTH WALES. Opening of St. Mary’s Cathedral. (Sijr/nei/ 3[nrnh>t/ Ilerabl, Seplt’iuhrr 0.) Till ST DAY. Yesterday the most important event in the history of Catholicism in this colony was celebrated in the solemn opening oi! St. Mary’s Cathedral. It is an event which the members of the Unman Catholic Church have anxiously looked forward to for many years, hopiny to see the consummation of the yreat movement set on foot 17 years ayo by the premier pre late of Australia, yet fcariny that the task which had been undertaken in tin; erection of this yreat temple was one which could hardly he accomplished in a lifetime. It is an event which commands the deep atten tion of the Unman Catholics, not only in this archdiocese, but in the whole of the dioceses in Australia, because in this city was raised the nucleus of the colonial Catholic Church, which half a century ayo was cribbed and feeble, but now numbers nearly a million ad herents—because it was in this city that this faith had to oppose and overconn' ol’lieial intolerance—because in this city was won that freedom for Unman Catholicism which is now enjoved throughout the lenyth and breadth of these southern lands. Ilather more than seventeen years ayo the buildiny which is now usually ret erred to as old St. Mary's, and winch for a longtime was the chief temple of the Roman Catholic denomination in Australia, was destroyed by lire. Within a few weeks after that disaster a movement was stalled by the late Arch bishop' l’nldiny for the erection of a new cathedral, and the stately edifice which was consecrated to divine worship yesterday is the partial accomplishment oi the work which was then undertaken. Half a million ster liny would be required to complete the build iny aeeordiny to the, full desiyn, and up to date rather less than £11)0,1)00 has been obtained and expended ; but even as it is, a yreat work lias been achieved, considering- the limited population depended upon lor assist ance, and the inevitably numerous calls in a yoiiny country for the erection of places of worship. .Duriny lb years the total contribu tions obtained amounted to about A?0,000, not sullieient to render the buildiny available for services. At this stnye Archbishop Yaiiyhan threw himself heart, and soul into the work of haviny the buildiny sufficiently advanced to be utilised for cathedral purposes. Within two years, and mainly by his instrumentality, more than £2u,000 has been added to the amount fornwrlv obtained, and the openiny service which took place yesterday marked the achievement, ol the task which the Arch bishop had set. himself to accomplish, with the aid of his Hock and a, liberal public. Next year Pr. Yaiiyhan, who will then have completed his first term of ten years as Arch bishop of Sydney, will pay a visit to Uome to give the Papal authorities an account of his stewardship in this diocese, ami he will have the yrat itical ion of reportiny the suc cessful openiny of the. main portion of the grandest. [Ionian Catholic cathedral in this part of the world. Yesterday’s ceremony was yraml and solemn, and was witnessed by a ya.tlieriny buyer than a11y winch has ever assembled in this city on the occasion of any ecclesiastical service. Tim experiences oi those who bad the yrat ilieat ion of briny present, at the mom my service will be aniony llieir pleasantest memories. The spectacle ol the yreat con course of people gathered under the massive arches of the vast buildiny; tlm impressive ness id' a musical service rendered Irotn the works of some id' the master composers of the world, whose best, efforts have been ex pended ill contributing to the services ol the Church ; the rarity and richness ol the vest ments of the Archbishop and tlm bishops, whose attendance marked the importance ol the occasion ; the yroiipiny of the thronyof ecclesiastical diynitarics and priests and monks on the Ilnur and behov the steps ol tlm. sanctuary, with the beautiful white Jliyli Altar as a. baekyround, and the whole lighted up with a Hood of yolden light from the yreat northern window, formed a scene, and marked an event, the beauty and grandeur and solemnity of which will long linger as a sweet memory in the minds of those who attended the ceremony. At 0 o’clock yesterday morning the Cathe dral was blessed and consecrated by the Yen Archpriest Sheehy. The opening ceremony did not commence until 11 o’clock, but long before that hour there were gathered outside the enclosure groups of people awaiting ad mission. At 10 o’clock a steady tide of visi tors began to How into the building. The entrance for the general public to the en closure was at the corner of College street and St. Mary’s-road. The number of country people present was noticeable, the special arrangements made for their con venience with tht: Lai 1 way Department no doubt accounting in part for the tact. In Hyde Park was gathered several hundred people, many of whom remained patiently throughout the proceedings, watching the people pouring into the Cathedral, catching a. glimpse of the procession as it passed through the entrance, hearing an occasional burst of choral music, and only departing when the last worshipper had passed out and the doors were closed. At about halt-past 10 o clock the Cathedral bells rang out for the first time since they have been placed in the tower. They urc a present from Archbishop Vaughan,, were cast in the celebrated hell foundry of Messrs. Mears and Stamhank, London, and number a full peal of eight. In sound they are full toned and sweet. The ringers, under their captain, Mr. II. Lawn, rang a round with “(Queen’s change and lire,” in good time; and when it is remembred that the bells were banded over to them but a fortnight ago, and that since then they have only had “ mottled”' practices, they deserve to be complimented on their successful ringing About the en trance to tin: enclosure, good order was kept among the sightseers. A number of police were on duty, but their services were not called into requisition. The ail mission to the building was by ticket only, the receipts from that source being devoted to the Cathedral building fund. Every part of the Cathedral was occupied, and the attendance was estimated at between llOOO and 4000. High mass was celebrated by the Light Lev. Dr. Quinn, bishop of I?atburst, assisted by the Lev. .1. Fitzpatrick (deacon), Lev. Father Cinisty (sub- deacon), and the Venerable Archpriest. Sheehy (assistant priest). Arch bishop Vaughan occupied the Archbishop’s throne, and the bishops present were :—The bight Levs. Dr. .Dunne (brisbane), Dr. Mur ray (Maitland), Dr. Lanigan (< bmlburn), Dr. Torreggiani (Armidale), Dr. C’ani (Lnck liampton), and Dr. Ledwood (Wellington, New Zealand). Among the clerical visitors from the, neighbouring colonies were, the Wry Lev. Dr. Leville, O.S.A., V.G., Sand hurst, Victoria ; Lev. T. Cahill, S..L, Victoria Father Vigouroux, S.M., New Caledonia; Lev. Father (('Connell, Very Lev. Prior butler, Victoria; Lev. A. M. Sullivan, New Zealand ; Lev. .1. Sheehy, Tasmania ; Lev. \V. Dunne, Tasmania ; and the Lev. father Carroll, Victoria. Among the. lay visitors were Sir Patrick Jennings, Sir .John Lohert son, Sir Ivlwanl Strickland, Mr. Justice Fauectt, and several members of the Legis lature. Tim arrangements were under the direction of tlm Vicar-( bmeral, Dean Sheridan, and the Lev. b. •!. Malmny, assisted by the following committee: Father (larvcy, Mr. Justice Fa ueet t, and Sir 1’. A. Jennings; Father Slattery, Dr. Donovan, and Mr. 11. Austin ; Dr. Colet.ti, I >r. M'Donagh, and Mr. L. llcydon, M.L.A.; Father Cassidy, Messrs. John Hughes and 1 tlanehard : Dean O’brien, Messrs. ((litl'e ami i.alor ; Lev. J.J. Carroll, Messrs. William Hughes and J. T. Toohey^; Father Henze, Messrs. ]’. Monahan and 1. I • Hilev : Father burrv, Messrs. Williamson and Carvan, M.I..A. ; ‘Father Leardon, Messrs. Flanagan and Spruson; Father Jlolohan, Messrs. Ihmrigmi and Slattery, M.L.A. , Father IVtre, Messrs. Dalton and ShalveV ; Father O'Doimhoe, Messrs. J. J. Curran and Fleming ; Dean Leonard, Messrs. Horan am F. J. ML 'arthv ; Father Hayes, Messrs. Cronin and M'Dernmtt ; Father Dunn, Messrs. Louglinan, M.L.A.,and Cogl.Ian ; Dean Flana gan, Messrs. Farrell and Ilerlihy; L'atlwi Keating, Messrs. Ilollingdale and Hogan , Father James Maliony, Messrs. Larkin am^ T. J. Lynn. The, masters of ceremonies were Hie Very Lev. Dean Dwyer and Lev. J Fleming. Shortly after 11 o'clock the great proces sion entered the church, and passed up the central aisle. First came about 40 acolytes— boys in scarlet cassocks, white surplices, and blue sashes, some carrying banners of dif ferent religious orders, and two bearing massive silver gilt crosses ; then about 100 deacons and priests in black soutanes and ■white surplices ; then the deans and other dignitaries, some of them robed in purple ; next the seven bishops, each one wearing his mitre and sumptuous vestments, enriched with the most delicately useful embroidery in gold and silken thread, and, last of all, came the stately figure of the Archbishop, gorgeous in all the insignia of his exalted rank—his train held by two acolytes. As the pageant swept on, the members of the congregation, almost without exception, knelt to receive the archiepiscopal benediction. On reaching the sanctuary the Archbishop was conducted to bis throne, which was draped with hang ings of maroon colour, and bore his coat of arms quartered with that of the archepisco pate. The throne stands on the left of the high altar, while on the right the bishops took their places, a prie-tlieu having been provided for each of them. A number of the clergy also had chairs on the floor of the sanctuary, and the little acolytes clustered on the higher steps leading to it. Never in the history of any church in Australia has a more impressive ceremony been performed than the mass celebrated at St. Mary’s Cathedral yesterday morning. The very scene re minded those present who have travelled ■through the old world, of great Homan Catholic festivals in European capitals. The expanse of the live aisles, with their dividing arches, the crowd which hid the floor space, and the soft mellow light which poured in through the side windows, afforded a striking picture, hut the sanctuary was a sight to be remembered. The tapers on the high altar did not excel in the purity of their whiteness the half-tinished reredos of Oamaru stone behind them, arid their flame was faint and indistinct in the flood of golden rays from the great window at the end of the transept. The altar was covered with costly lace and furnished with lovely flowers, and with fittings and vessels of gold, or of polished brass. Here and there the lines of colour formed by richly-robed clerics was broken by the brown habit of a Franciscan Friar, and os the eye took in the splendid spectacle and cdier senses were assailed by the fragrance of incense clouds tossed aloft by the censer bearers, and by the swelling and sinking of sweet harmonies upon which some of earth’s greatest musicians have lavished their best efforts, ritualism attained its highest effect. As the procession entered the church, the organist, Mr. T. Hanks — who by the way was the last to play in the old cathedral-—performed the “ Tridunm’’ March, composed expressly for this occasion by the conductor and choir-master, Mr. -T. A. Delaney. It is a dignified and masterly work. Worthy the subject of its inspiration, and will undoubtedly be often performed as a volun tary in other than Homan Catholic churches. A technical description may he given as fol lops :—A brief and vigorous introduction commences the march. After a bar of com plete' silence, the clarionets and bassoons, in unison, and without any accompaniment whatever, give the principal theme pianist mo. When they have finished the violins give out a second theme piano with soft sustained chords from the horns and a pi::::icato bass accompaniment. Then two cornets play a third theme with all the violins pirj.iiralo, and a crisp flute part for an accompaniment. After that there are two or three modulations leading to the dominant A, on which they dwell for eight bars with a constant c/rsceWo, leading in a grand burst, in which tin; two 'first themes are. heard together at the same time, harmonized. Then follows a trio, all the stringed instruments playing in unison a very noble melody, after wliieli the original subject is reverted to, and the march finishes brilliant])-. The forces under Mr. Delaney's control were large, and remarkably effective. The soloists in the morning were Miss Moon, Ml’S. Hilcy, Mrs. Hunt, and Messrs. F. Brewer, Flynn, F. d. Ilallewell, and W. O’Sullivan ; and the chorus, which numbered 280, included picked voices from the Homan Catholic choirs in the city and suburbs, and some from the vocalists belonging to other denominations. The orchestra was composed as follows :—Seven first violins, eight second violins, three violas, four violoncellos, four basses, two flutes, two clarionets, one bassoon, one saxapbone, two cornets, two horns, and three trombones, and three drums. The organ, which is situated in the farthest aisle to the right of the sanctuary, is the one which has been used in the Pro-Cathedral. It was built in 1874, by C. J. Jackson, of Newtown. It contains 32 stops, of which only a portion are used ; but it is now understood that the instrument will be completed, and then it will be one of the finest organs in the city, and one of the most powerful. At present there is no ease to it. The stops in use are In great organ : Bourbon, open diapason, dulciana, stopped diapason, princi pal, wald flute, twelfth, fifteenth, mixture 3 ranks. In swell organ : Bourbon, open diapason, stopped diapason and elarebello, and horn. There are two stops on the pedal S'—open lG-feet and bourdon 16 fect tone ; four couplers—great to pedals, swell to pedals, swell to great, and swell to great sub-octave. When finished, the instrument will have more than double the power it has at present. The Mass sung was Haydn’s No. 3, known as the “ Imperial ” Mass. The solo music of the “ Kyrie ” was entrusted to Miss Moon, who sang it brilliantly, the final cadence being exquisitely given. In the “ Gloria” Mr. Frank Brewer sang the tenor solo with great purity of intonation, and Mr. F. J. Ifallewe.il gave the magnificent “ Qui tollis ” worthily, his voice (quite filling the cathedral. The chorus singing was superior to anything achieved here for years, for Mr. Delaney had drilled the singers so admirably that while in forte passages a splendid volume of sound was produced, he yet commanded them so well that at other times the solo voices were not overpowered, but had full opportunity for display. And though . his forces were scattered, he managed them all so well that it was only, perhaps, in the “ Agnus Dei ” that the time was broken. Mr. Banks, too, played in his finest style, and well seconded Mr. Delaney’s efforts. Mr. M. J. Fitzpatrick, the lion, secretary, worked very hard in secur ing singers, arranging rehearsals, &c.;, and to his efforts much of the success of the cele bration is due. The “ Gradual ” was a chorale, “0 Sacrum Convivimn ” (Farrant), and after it had been sung, The Archbishop came forward to the sanctuary steps, and said : ISome two months ago I made the Holy Father, Leo N1II., acquainted with the fact that we were about to open this great Cathedral upon the 8th September. I have just received from the Pope a telegram conveying to the bishops, and priests, and laity, and the generous donors of subscriptions towards this great fane, his special apostolic benediction. The Bight Bcv. Dr. Bedwood, Bishop of Wellington (N.Z.), then advanced to the steps of the sanctuary and delivered a, discourse based on the words of the Apostles’ Creed, “ I believe in Jesus Christ, the only Son of God.” lie, said:—All the ceremonies of the Catholic Church are admirable for their deep significance. We are assembled here to-day for the solemn opening and dedication of this noble edifice, this splendid pile, the pride and ornament of this beautiful city and of all Australia. But what is it? What is its meaning ? What great idea does it enshrine ? It is a substantial act of faith in the divinity of Jesus Christ. It is the temple of Christ — immeasurably more noble than the temple of Solomon—the temple where Christ will renew daily, by the ministry of His priests, the great sacrifice of Calvary ; where he will dwell a prisoner of love in our tabernacles ; where he will be adored as God by this, and, 1 hope, countless other generations of faithful and devoted Catholics. Such is the meaning of this magnificent structure. It is, indeed, called " St. Mary’s” ; it bears the name and recalls the sweet memory of the Immaculate Virgin Mother of God; but, it is primarily and pre-eminently the. temple of Christ, and to Him alone it is dedicated ; for, when the prelate laid its foundation stone, he solemnly declared it to be “ a place destined to the invocation and praise of Cur Lord Jesus Christ.” The great idea, then, which under lies all the impressive ceremonies and solemn pageant of this day is the belief in the divinity of Jesus Christ. Ihat belief is the eentraf point of Christian doctrine, the axis round which the other dogmas revolve, the foundation stone on which they stand—we might rather say, the keystone of the whole Christian arch. To profess it is to profess implicitly the whole of Christianity, even its extreme consequences, speculative and practical ; since, if Christ is God, His doc trine and his law are so imposed upon us that it were sacrilege either to diminish or adulterate them. I purpose in this discourse to show some of the grounds on which this cardinal dogma rests—some portion of the adamantine rock on which it stands. Oh ! Divine Master, dear friend of my soul, speak now to my mind, that my words may not be too unworthy of so high a theme, and that my hearers may reap lasting fruits from my feeble endeavours. The divinity of Christ is usually proved by a vast array of arguments derived from prophecies, miracles, and testi monies. But, while leaving those demonstra tions in all their force, I shall not resort to so extensive a method. I shall appeal to two main lines of argument equally simple, popular, and conclusive, viz., the existence of the Christian world, and the affirmation of that Christian world. The existence of the Christian world is a fact of unparalleled magnitude which one must be blind not to see ; it equals the immensity of the universe ; it is everywhere. Like those marvellous i nebulae whose gigantic radiations have peopled space, it has dilated itself, and from the plains of Judea has successively tilled the earth with one vast society knit together by one and the same doctrine, one and the same i virtue. You are part of it, and it is your greatest honour. Cross the mountains and waters between the greatest continents, visit the remotest islands of the ocean, everywhere you will find the Cross, and round it either multitudes or groups, saying in concert, “We believe in Jesus Christ our God; we are Christians." And the magnitude of this Christian world is equalled only by its harmony. All peoples are called, all peoples come into its bosom, civilized, barbarian, ravage—a prodigious variety of minds, hearts, passions, tempers, education, civil and political lives. And in this variety what a wonderful unity ! One creed for every mind and every mouth ; one legislation for all wills, and tending to one object—Christ ; one constitution, with the same power every where. On those banks from which the proud Roman of old sent forth his pro-consuls to make laws for the world an aged man sits enthroned. Be lie quieter per secuted, in honour or disgrace, matters not ; his august will is acknowledged by the true Christian world. He is a father, and none can hinder his children in remotest shores from sending him the testimony of their affection. He is a king ; sacrilegious hands have profaned his sceptre and his crown, yet none have been able to destroy or weaken his sovereign authority in spiritual matters, lie is a high priest, and despite the efforts of men, the highest pastors are lovingly sub ordinate to his government. He is an im mortal, so to speak, who passes through suc cessive generations. But yesterday we wept for Pius the Great and the Good ; to-day we hail Leo the Magnanimous and the Strong. But always the same father, same king, same pontiff. Surely this immense and harmonious Christian world is one of the greatest pheno mena man can behold. Its importance is shown by the efforts of our adversaries to lessen or suppress it. If certain unbelievers are to be credited, we Christians are a power less sect, a prey to the deadly disease of superstition, an uncompromising and closed sect, doomed shortly to disappear before the onward march of liberal philosophy, which Ilings open its portals to all minds : but, with glaring contradiction, they use might and policy to persecute and suppress our stubborn vitality, showing by their animus that vve are not a sect fated to rapid extinction, hut a world, a real world, of all worlds the best organized and the. fittest, to live and endure. Now, this Christian world, this stupendous creation, is the work of Jesus Christ. To doubt it would be an act, not of reason, but of delirium. Yet men have been found, in our boastful age of enlightenment, reckless enough to abdicate common sense and declare that Christian faith is hut a dream, Christian love a phantom of the imagination, Christian perfection the imitation of a chimera, Christian unity the result of obedience to nothing ; that Christ is only a myth, or that, at most, be lias only a nucleus of historic reality—that lie is but the elaborate produc tion of the Christian mind through the course of several ages, by a long process of refine ment and transformation, by grouping in one and the same individual the legends, ideas, and symbols of antiquity. Gratuitous asser tions ! Absurd system, instantly exploded by the grand, world-wide historic fact of Christianity. Why, we ascend by precise dates to the time when the Gospels were settled, and thus destroy at a blow that pre tended chain of ages in which, according to our sapient critics, the groupment of legends, ideas, and symbols was made. Again, the attitude of the Christian mind in all ages protests against the possibility of refinement and transformation, since it is summed up in these maxims inimical to all novelties—“ Hear witness to what was in the beginning, keep the deposit, avoid profane novelties of words, hold fast to the traditions.” (1 Tim., vi. HO. 1 Tlies., ii. 14.) Lastly, the Christian world is no Heeling phenomenon, hut a gigantic, living fact, ever exhibiting the same move ments, perfection, and harmony. As it speaks of Christ now, so it spoke of Him in the middle ages, when faith gave birth to Catholic theology, when love Hew to the conquest of the tomb of Christ, when the great monastic orders rose and be came seminaries of saints, when the power of the Holy See stood paramount above kings and emperors. It spoke of Him, too, in those terrible ages of barbarian invasion, when the Catholic Church tamed the fierce warrior, and made him a worthy citizen of Christendom. It proclaimed Him its founder and creator in those heroic ages when faith and love watered the Clmrrli with martyrs’ blood, when the wilderness blossomed with countless saints, and when the great controversies relative to heresy were- settled by a word from Peter’s successor, represent ing the father and supreme teacher of Chris enough. My conclusion historical phenomena the irh 1 is undoubtedly the most re Litlier it has m> cause, a rank al> 4se Christ is its living, personal, Undent, and total earns — in other Christian world is the work of of Him alone. I have now to the work of man, hut of that ( 'hrist is (iod. The >t the work of a man, for tian soeiety. is evident. < )l Christian w markable, surdity, or proximate, words, the (’hrist, and of show that, it is (iod, and there I Christian world no man ever did, or ever will do, such a work. No creator of anv school or religion has ever stamped his work wit! character conspicuous in ('hristi,unih have been ( 1 ) schools founded and tail the ililr of human minds. Pythagoras, the melodious P Aristotle, and others, anew whose mimes illumine the pa superhuman f here 1,1 ll}’ 'l'he illustrious lato, the grave nt. or modern, ges of lib tory, the les l.ave have spoken ol Cod, nature, man laws of thought ami life. 'find sons, collected by reverent disciples, grouped round their respective systeii mental forces of several generations, these generations were confined to no and narrow precincts; school soon overt lirev school, while the din of their idle di-quita Put; r vet I (tons jias in ignorance and supi genius failed to preserv the mutilations of privah admiration lie. inspired, old his life) i me, and mini highs out on Ids exit from the se oft per heads of it ion ; tli I 11 ’Op his thought:; 1 g in e n t dialkum •lie ; his duet l ine ■ h i n i and hm genus lluemu ■ a Her de ( -_) >’< d i; t l ies, ai. lowers t ind unsvai is life, || s llated the led to ■d to d’ d i v ii i lv ions which | II could I which tli and mevi have been, an to teach m ill i there ast e, w truth in d i v ilie e dilferent ulienem. assnmei forms, and so f uimmwi part itii vilegei bilious and I symlii i eeive t ( trient, loelrim -I iris dill! d e 11111 a ■ 11: •Ii' lm.ac mat u m dhism, remained fa.-" 11 icy sprang ; ot he were idelitilied with spreai 1 to the might o nie1 a 111 in, 11x' iw found' them Ida •rat mu m which fear predominated over ho admiral m virt no". lll'IH -t V V 11 id Ii"! ei d of tl, dvi • r in id ot Human p i n! unit \ of pior.'inei in ('hrbtinn v 1 i" irntj d n >n. Now hen world-v let V ,ptm ■If to climate and receiving all races into its bosom. Nowhere, that liberal truth for all, which dilates the greatest geniuses and ennobles the popular mind. Nowhere, that Master so iden tified with His doctrine that lie calls to 1 [is person even the movements of minds, and cannot be put aside without a collapse ol: llis doctrine. Nowhere, that spiritual regene rator, whose undyiny remembrance thrills every heart and calls forth, at the distance of twenty centuries, an array of tendei, trust (ill, yenerous, and devoted love, which even the presenee of the most beloved object', would not always obtain. Nowhere, those elevated morals, perfection of life, heroism of virtues, all formed in the same type, whose authority never wanes. Nowhere, that sovereign will, whose powerful action never changes in the ever-chanyiny instruments which manifest it. Nowhere, that compact unity, which for ’JO(H) years resists public catastrophes, persecutions of force, and contradictions of error and pas sion. Nowhere, that solid assemblage of many different elements ; that body instinct with one doctrine, one law, one virtue, which proudly rejects any morbid limb, and con tinues to live, while sects severed from its unity wither and die. No, indeed, im : im tliiny in the works of men like the work of (,'hrist innitv—contrast so evident that even the fiercest foes of Christianity are compelled to admit that it is "the most powerful spiri tual creation ever seen. . . . the highest of all reliyions”—(Strauss). Why this dif ference between the work of man and the work of Christ V Simply because the Chris tian world cannot he the work of man. Man is too limited in his influence, too thwarted by bis nature, by time, by circumstances, by the l'ailinys and passions of men, to achieve the corupiest of the world. Hoes he pretend to subdue it (1) by force V lie is of one nation, one race ; mankind of many climates, races, and nat ionaliI irs : hence distrust and rivalry will resist his plans. Nor will the sword break those impervious shields, and cleave a passaye to universal sway. It has invariably been shivered in the hand of the most renowned compierors, aimiuy at world wide dominion. Hoes lie pretend to subdue the world by (d) idea? It may be stmnyer -yranted. 1 * 11 f, both in speculation and praetiee.no idea ran aim at. universal sway leed unless it be A snye ma\ far and wide by l "Tan rooted in the very nature of man. dn hearers and disciples mi ml iny the world of t hose the intellectual ami moral invariably stamped on our lies, hut prmeip ler which iIs : hut then it is no her Cod, I lie silprem ee ami the liy'hf Ilf 1: 1 contrary, I he ear a'inal and persona! it in our nature ; I i 1 a 1 order, a set < lie who t e; author of I i (■ a I del', i ee i m are inf as and pas a hardly ■n, and h i niia I ions. Ins cx is 1\. Suppose, oil ■ of a teaehiny altoyethcr a system of ideas without for installer, m the iutel a set of m ysl • vies ; in the prne i, .set of observances in which silent ; then the words u( till' llibly wrecked mi human weak ion am I pride ami | uv jiid iee. lie ut hi ( I rai and men wist ly h his jmlyes and e will summon him ruble ; liberty ill ] not mipos pat if ill c\ law, will I ne vi la I ill t miate ho I w brut ic I e dl. authority to i him ye inns, s if ter all he ;s inferiors will with all but a man. i ve the i 11 eo n i ] i I'e h 111 ut lived school and hr w o vorld, dive t end li Ciiri.-t did Ki >r a man I ■ " /A/o the 1 IU t h, oekiny to human nat mv weaklier s of man. 1 dlle the World b V ( .'> ) It able I minds of Ilea I .live blit In be ev . the lir wit, ll No : t the ir ex ■lit illl I 11 V 111 V I To day' V if noble ll arms vvlm irts by tin of vmir i ut V Ui r if voi: of \ oili belie lit. mill: f y. ruction, and, belter Ilian Titim, you it ii to lie called t lv " deliylil of the human r [bit to morrow I To morrow, vv lieu pale d will ellaee your lifecolour, ipmneli the fiery eye, lmsh the melodious voice, snatch away the stniyylmy soul, dry up the fount, of natural yil’ts ; after to-morrow, when the yrim Will man pretend (d) virtue ? Kven an<i solid charm of time. Whim near, workers of the e-rave will devour your flesh and pulverise your hones ; later still, when nothing' of you remains hut an empty name, if oblivion spares even that, what will become of hive ?—nothingness. JRoIoved man, you will thrill hearts no more. Such is the doom of our alfeetions here below ; to languish, when their objects cease to be present, and to fade away, when absence is prolonged without hope of return. \ do not ask whether you love mere historic personages, with tender, ti nth fill, generous, devoted love—you smile at the question. Kven in families where the memory of ancestors is most keen!}’ cherished, what have we ? Respect for our forefathers, grateful recollection, admiration for their deeds and virtues—but love there is none. to subdue the world by virtue, the most durable man, is not proof against uni seen in action, it lias, 1 know, a wonderful communicative warmth: it stirs the current of noble thoughts and holy desires. Afar olf it is cold as the distant stars in the depths of the. firmament ; nay, more, the foibles of the just man, unheeded in the glare of his qualities, are keenly criti cised after his death ; interested malice ran - sacks his life for that clay which human frail tv ever deposits in human existence Resides, could any fellow man, however stain less, set himself up as the universal type and standard of perfection? No: fallible man may mistake in good faith about act ions which prudence will warn us In avoid; man, ever perfectible, cannot, achieve in his own person the ideal perfection. A unique pattern of all man’s perfection cannot he found in mere man. Will lie pretend to subdue the world by (b) will ? Still less has a man power to survive in his will, so as to maintain unit}- in soeietv. We may have, durable authority by appealing to (led, saying, “(they, (lod com mands;” hut the sole power of a strong and commanding will cannot he of long duration. Revolutions anticipate death to wrest the sceptre from his ruling hand. Kven in the happiest and strongest monarchies the day comes when an adventurer seizes the crown, or the people set up their tickle will as the mil}' principle, of authority ; and so the strongest nationalities are subverted. If such, is tlie fact of temporal empires, how is it pos sible to maintain the constant unit}- of a spiri tual soeietv. I>v the prolongations of one and the same will, when that will imposes a doctrine startling h> reason by its mysteries,, and appalling to frail nature by its injunc tions? llow will a man he then able to transmit to his successors his own power and intent ion, so (hat they forget themselves, tu be idi-nlith-d with him? Ry what prodigy will he seize in advance a long series of gene piestions the answer rations? 1 is — inqio---.il human imp universal ai w hie 11 i-; a I terioti abilities, ■ptam-e fo ’■(-tiler neis I. (’an a a t 1 identifi d' p !f to 1 I wi s? Impossible, tilde man imn<>si ■ finished patter Impossible. b. loved with t d love when I, original his lays rsori in the ■J ('an fa 1 himself on am 1 acme ( 'an a man nder. and food of death has roi survive In ms and i m m 11 h i h I m t lie mlhleliei lie unity 'Unr uiq 'V a inan of t he poop] peel hat ( still IIP not dm in mlanioie -e d MIS is lie (I I V Til it \ ( dll'is! is lied I t When prWes ( 'll l ist link h that realm; th liken. f HUT e. No el: ( dirist ian i notorious the charms are gone, and withering I mnossihle. -1. ('an a man uislant expression his own will, so i spiritual society? lhies ; yet fad's! son of aside !e, who died I SOI) years qI>ln-| h v diMils ('hl ist, it a mere man, hut (iod. 1 where verv existence if ( 'lirisl, furnishes an if that cardinal dogma, r, and eonehisive. It l* d world ; it speaks, a mis declares that -ifllrmat iim is trust ■rsaI and perpetual,, are not only iutelli iiiis and heroic. (I ) not one discordant note, tians are they make III* aith, “ 1 believe ill di’SUS S<m of tlod.” 11 is the last toral world : sink into the profane ‘-—they are ('hristians no proof, is here requin ti oi h', clear tin- physio; mphatio Ami ils use i; is iiniv its ;i I Ii ri i iu n t s i -1 . lull ''-eliel' bom to the sii| they • mat in ihornte allirmation of (dirist’s divinit} fact. Rut it may he said other men before now have usurped divine honours, and have been adored by their fellow-men. Yes, but swift justice smote their wickedness ; men soon grew indignant at their own de gradation, and flung the would-be gods into the mire. Not so with the God-man whom -we adore. His worship has prevailed, through weal and woe, for well nigh 2000 years—for the Christian affirmation is not only universal, but (2) perpetual. There is no question about the last 1G00 years. But certain rationalists pretend that the affirma mation of Christ’s divinity was the slow elaboration of fables current in the first two centuries of the Christian era. No solid proof do they give of their astounding assertion ; they studiously avoid stating places, persons, dates ; they produce no clear description of that pretended process of elaboration. They indulge in mere suppositions and generalities ; they take refuge in the supposed gloom of the first two centuries. We will, therefore, light up that gloom for them hy the lamp of history. Will you hear the (1) testimony of the martyrs? S. Vital exclaims, “Lord Jesus Christ, mv Saviour and my God, vouchsafe to receive my soul.'’ S. Ignatius calls himself Theophorus, that is, God-bearer, because he bears Jesus Christ in his heart. S. Symphornsa deems it the height of bliss to be buried alive for Jesus Christ, her God. St Polycarp answers his judges: “IIow shall I hate him whom I have adored—-my King and my Saviour?” Many others could be quoted to the same effect. Will you hear (2) the prayers of the first Christians ? “ 0, Jesus Christ,” they say, “ joyous light of the FJernal Father’s glory, Son of the Holy Father, looking towards the setting sun, we praise the Father, and the Son, and the Holy Ghost.” Will you hear (J) the admissions of the heathen themselves ? The persecutors fiercely require the abjuration of the divinity of tin’ Crucified. (Visits piles up arguments to prove the Christians to he fools for ador ing a man as equal to (fod. Alexander Severus desires to erect a temple to Christ, the God of the Christians. Pliny states in his letter to Trajan, that the Christians used to sing in their meetings before, daylight the praises of Christ whom they deemed God. The very slaves of Koine used to caricature on the' walls of their cells the Crucified whom the Christians called God. Will you hear (4) the early l>octors and Apostolic Fathers? In Tertullian, Grigori, Clement of Alexandria, S. Tremens, St. Justin, Ac., wo find such testimonies as these : “ Every where Christ is believed, Christ is adored. Believe, <) men, Him who is God and man; believe Him who suffered and is adored as the living God.” I might quote the most ex plicit and powerful testimony of S. Clement, and so reach up to S. Paul the. Apostle, whose inspired pen never wearies in proclaim ing the grand dogma of Christ's divinity. “ In Him dwelleth,’* he says “ all the fulness of the Godhead corporally : hy Him God made, the world : and He is before all, and in Him all things consist.” This perpetuity affirming the divinity of Christ is a huge fact before, which vanish all suppositions of iraud or usurpation. For it is not unchallenged, hut militant : it waded through the blood of eleven pnseeutions, in which both despotism and heresy staked their existence against that of the God-man ; hut soon they were utterly extinguished in the universal affirmation, “ I believe in .lesiis Christ, the only Son of God. ’ And now what are the qualities of the affir mants of the dogma of Christ’s divinity? They are intelligent that they he not deluded, and honest that they do not delude. T fear lessly assert. that the Christian world _offers the greatest: sum of intelligence of any society on earth. The. highest genius in every age from the Christian era has adored the crucified dew. Jesus Christ. That serious and permanent adoration, which no mere man ever obtained, sciences, letters, arts, politics have paid, cither directly or indirectly, to Christ. lhmewed warriors swell the cortege, and you perhaps remember the celebrated dictum of mu- of them : “ 1 know what, men are,” said Napoleon I., “ and I say that Jesus Christ is not a man”- -•/<? >i># connat* en hommex, el jc <//.s- i/nr Jr.vix Chrixf v'est pax tin homme." But above all affirmants in point of intelli gence must he placed the men who received the sublime mission to teach that dogma to mankind I mean t he Clou eh teaching. W ho could enumerate all those revered luminaries whose genius has engrossed the memory of ages : those stars in the firmament of the Christian world, who have devoted their noble, minds to the service of the Christian affirmation ? Yes, to its “ service for the teacher is not satisfied with u mere assent, but lie studies its motives, sources, and object. He ascends the stream of ages, ransacks texts, verifies dates, collates monuments, sifts evidence. He defines, he solves, the diffi culties heaped by reason round the dogma of Christ’s divinity ; in fine, lie gains a con viction both for himself and his dimples of the truth of his faith, and boldly proclaims that he would not believe did he not see that he is hound to believe. “ Non crederet ?v'xi vdderet esse credendum ” (S. Thomas Aquinas). Not that he overrates the powers of tho human mind ; humble in science, he resorts to prayer to obtain a supplement of light from the eternal sun of truth. With the combined forces of nature and grace, he rises with a sense of enlargement, and with settled mind and firm voice exclaims, “ I believe in Jesus Christ, the only Son of (fod.” In the next place the affirmants of our great dogma arc (2) honest. For the Christian world not only exhibits the sum or aggregate of ordinary virtues, hut also the choice flower of sanctity ; and moreover, its virtues are the practical outcome of its affirmation. The Christian takes the Hod-man as his faultless pattern and faithfully copies all his virtues, so that he affirms the divinity of Christ as much by his actions as by his words, because he obeys the practical authority of that dogma, even unto the most perfect and arduous consequences ; which is the sublime of honesty. We have, then, intelligence and honesty—the two funda mental qualities requisite in every trustworthy informant—but we have far more—we Jhave generosity and heroism. See the apostle, fired with the twofold love of God and man, brave every peril to spread abroad the belief in the divinity of Christ ; perils from his kindred, who, with tears and sobs, strive to retain him in their despairing embrace; perils from his people, unable to understand his devotedness, which they deem folly ; perils in the sea, whose stormy depths he must cross to reach his mission land 10,000 miles from home ; perils in rivers—swollen, rapid rivers—or pestiferous fens and marshes; perils from nations, barbarous or savage, ob stinately rooted in their gross superstitions and ready to shed the apostle’s blood ; perils from robbers, crowned brigands, jealous of their despotism and corruption, quickly transformed into ruthless persecutors ; vulgar plunderers, lying in wait to assassinate and despoil the European whose booty they covet ; perils in the city, where he must conceal his presence, hide himself like a malefactor, ''or the only crime of being a Christian ; perils from false brethren, traders in religion, more eager for fortune than for souls—intimidated converts, suborned apostates, ready to betray their brother into the hands of his enemies ; perils in tho wilderness where wild beasts roam, where the storm roars or the torrents rush ; where the savage, barren soil refuses the subsistence of life, where hunger and thirst and fear must he endured ; perils of isola tion—no heart to whom he can tell his suf ferings or confide his hope's, no encourage ment frimi fellow-men—nay, sometimes a forlorn and disconsolate death. 0, preacher of the God-man, wilt thou brave this host of perils ? “ Let me go,” lie says ; “ the cuds of the earth must hear me, and respond to the (.tv of my faith : ‘ I believe in Jesus Christ, the only Son of God.’” Such men are no rarity in the Christian world, hut common in overv age from the origin of Christianity dowii to'our day. Here, then, you must con fess, we have more than generosity, we have heroism. Yet this heroism, conspicuous in the apostle, shines more brightly still in the martyr. Unique marvel in the annals of mankind! Millions of men, women, and children—millions, I say—nobles and ple beians, rich and poor, learned and ignorant, have had to choose between death, in the most terrific shapes, and the denial of Christ’s divinity. One word could save them ; that word they refused to utter; death rather, death in fiercest torments. To their last gasp they said, “ I am a Christian, Christ is my God !” And’when their dying lips were hushed, then, bv tin1 ruddy mouth of their gaping wounds and the crimson blood-stream irom thoir mangled frames, they still cried out: “I believe in Jesus Christ’, the only Son of (foil !” What more do you ask f llie Christian affirmation is comple. Divine Providence, to dear the popular Christum faith from the charge of blindness and folly, has condensed into one vivid, startling, almost tangible proof, whithin every man’s reach, the demon strative force of the whole cumulus of Chris tian evidences. You believe—against nil ap pearances which represent the firmament as a smooth vault, studded with luminous points —that up there are incommensurable depths, where millions of worlds revolve, to which our planet is a tiny grain of sand. You believe that because you trust in the calcula tions of science and the honesty of the men of genius who affirm it. You believe the existence of distant towns you have never seen ; you believe the main facts of history whose ancient monuments you have never examined ; because on these points there is a universal and perpetual agreement among travellers and scholars ; and you will not believe the whole Christian world affirming the divinity of Christ? That dogma is, in deed, strange ; but stranger still is the affir mation which warrants it, It is universal, and perpetual, of an immutable and yet mili tant perpetuity, which resists might, reason, and passion. Are not these exclusive characteristics of truth ? Were the divinity of Christ a fable, it would have long since been uprooted, instead of strengthened, by the violent storms of 1800 years. Instead of that, it is obstinately affirmed ; affirmed by genius, affirmed by the most sublime honesty Have so many noble minds, the pride of the human race, exhausted their science only to prop up nonsense—so many saints devoted their virtues to the service of a lie? Nay more, have they made a lie the very principle and cause of their virtues ? Still more astounding marvel ! The Christian world affirms with surpassing generosity and heroism. Has it then the passion of God’s glory only to destroy it by the spread of a monstrous error ? Has it the passion of the salvation of souls only to poison them by a hateful superstition ? Does it open its veins and pour out its life-blood only to confound the commonest notions of reason ? In a word, are the Christian apostolate and martyrdom only a perpetual crime, or a per petual folly ? No, no, all that is sheer im possibility. Good sense compels us to reason thus : Universally, perpetually, witli intelli gence, honesty, devotion and heroism, the Christian world affirms that Christ is God. That is not a self-evident truth, like 2 and 2 are 4 ; therefore God himself revealed it ; therefore God has been seen and heard ; he has given signs of his intervention, these signs have been ascertained, examined, and discussed ; therefore, we must believe. Such is the summary proof of Christ’s divinity, sufficient for the hulk of mankind, who have no time and no means for any other. For a candid mind it is irresistible. Either what the Christian world affirms of Jesus Christ is true, or else God himself deceives us, and deceives Himself, for He has permitted, against the interest of His own glory, the most triumphant of all seductions. Who, indeed, could resist the majestic apparition, the marvellous cortege and procession, which the Christian affirmation evokes ? A God-man presents Himself to us surrounded by the most splendid throng that ever at tended on truth, and if we interrogate that crowd we receive from one and all the same answer. Generations without number, who are ye? We are the Nations ; from sunrise to sunset, from north to south, united in the same faith, and because we have the same faith, we have the same profession —“ We believe in Jesus Christ, the only Son of God.” Mighty shades, who are you ? We are the Ages. From one to another, with voice which none can silence, we pass our testimony of what was in the beginning the faithful echo of the cry uttered by the Apostles who saw, heard, and touched the Christ—“We believe in Jesus Christ the only Son of God.” Illustrious men, who are yon? We are Study, Science, Genius. AVe have watched and prayed, paled on. books, interrogated monuments, discussed with our reason, and we have acknowledged that we must prostrate before Christ, our God, and say to Him—“ We believe in Jesus Christ, the only Son of God.” Ae whose beauteous brow is circled with a bright halo, and whose virtue perfumes the stream of ages, who are you? We are Sanctity. It was our belief that made our virtues, and it is our virtues that chant their cause when we repeat the strange canticle of our faith—We. believe in .Jesus Christ, the only Son of God.” Untiring pilgrims who, guided by Providence, 11 y over the world like the birds of the air, who are you ? We are Devotedness. No thing arrests us, wre dare all danger for God s glory and the salvation of souls, and so we sound to the end of the earth the great truth, —“ We believe in Jesus Christ, the only Son of God.” Men, women, children, virgins, priests, kings, sages, warriors, artisans— immense throng of mangled and bleeding frames, who are you? We are Heroism. The world, sunk in sense and sin, would not believe our words, nor our virtues ; so wc have spoken with our blood, and our blood lias thrown into the face of the world this sublime confession—“ We believe in Jesus Christ, the only Son of God.” 0, my friends and fellow-men, if I have common sense, if I have a heart, can I say to these nations, these ages, these teachers, these saints, these apostles, these martyrs: 4< Pass on, go your way, I understand not a word of your affirma tion, and the solitary murmur of my reason drowns your mighty voice”? No; that is not true. I understand perfectly well the meaning and import of the Christian affirma tion. No ; that is insensate. I cannot struggle against a whole world. The cortege of the God- man is for me the most astounding marvel, and 1 am drawn with irresistible foree into its ranks. lint if it be the cortege of an idol, 0 Cod, where is thy goodness, where thy wisdom, glory, power, veracity, and providence? Thou hast, left nothing undone to deceive me, and lower Thyself. Must I then deny Thy perfec tions, and after Thy perfect ions, Thy exis tence ? Must I heroine an atheist ? No, indeed, no ; my reason recoils from so heinous a crime. Oh, my mind is made up. T enter the cortege of truth. Willi the nations, with the ages, with genius, with sanetitv, with devotion and heroism, with the whole. Christian world, I too affirm the dogma of t hi' (11 id-man, and I sing with all mv heart and voire—“ I believe in Jesus Christ, the. onlv Son of Cod.” Vis, Jesus Christ is Cod. “ We believe in Jesus Christ, the only Son of Cod we will continue to believe in Him, to build temples in His honour, to adore Him, to love Him, to serve Him, and lifting up with fearless hand the noble standard of II is divinity, we shall lind under its folds honour, civilization, glory, freedom, life, salva tion, and eternity. Hr. lied wood then added ; I have now a pleasing task to perform. I eotigi atulato your learned, eloquent, and indefatigable. Archbishop, of whom 1 know you an- proud, and I am sure that. I interpret the sentiments of all the h’iglit liev. bishops and prelates who grace this eerennuiy with I heir presence, when, without. Ilattery, I call him ‘powerful in work and word before Cod and the people'—one who realizes in an eminent degree the Apostle's ideal of a bishop, m all things showing himself ‘an example of good works, in doctrine, in infegritv, in gravity, able to exhort in sound doctrine, and to convince the gamsavers’; in short, a prelate who vividlv recalls those stalely and liolv bishops once the glory of Catholic Kngland a venerable Cede in saint liness and ieuming. a Thomas n'i‘>eeke( in zeal, and fearless vindication of tlw rights of the Chnrrli. I congratulate you warmly, my l.onl ArehIiishop, on the achievement of the great obj -el for which yon have, worked so hard and so well. ! also eongra (i da ( o all the excellent and devoted clergy of this arch diocese secular ami regular on their ability and generous co-operation with their great leader, which have conduced to so plolllpt and complete a success. Nor are mv con gratulations less for the clergy of (he other dioreM-s id (Ids eeelesiast in I province, whose devotion deserves an equal [need of praise, bill iiow .-drill I congratulate, ill adeijiiale terms, 1 11 e uappv Catholics of Sydney, and the whole of this archdiocese? The work yon have done is great, and yon may, and do, fee! I < ■• i t i 111111 e pride in its com pie (ion, 1 mi h-| ne- tel! you candidly, it does not surprise me ; it i- what I should naturally expeel, when | re111e1111 ier the noble race to which most of you belong;. Villi are the children of deal old Ireland, that always kept the faith: Ire land. dm lair mot her of the saint <. Vows is a laud of saints, apostles, and niarlvrs nay, you are a marl) red nation and amid all \\-nnr titles Ie honour and glory there is one which you claim particularly in our dav viz., that you ale the eliurelidiuild. is of the world. No wonder, then, you have been true to yourselves lien- ill Sydney, as in New- Vork, and all over the continent of North America. Tin- rich with their wealth, the poor with then- hard earned wages, the w idow with her mile, you have reared this splendid edifice for Col, bn- yourselves, for your children, and niai!) general ions yet unhorn. All honour to your faith and devotion! I (eel (hat mv eongral ulal ions are poor at all points except one—they are sincere. I congratulate and thank all those generous and liberal persons of other denominations who have helped to erect this imposing monument, and I assure', them that God will bless them for contributing to build a house of prayer, a temple where Jesus Christ will be, adored and praised. JI is doctrine taught, 11 is sacraments administered, and the principles of His civilization preserved and inculcated. I also look upon your assistance as a linn protest against those, detestable anti Christian systems now becoming so hold and rampant—systems which profess no dillerence in kind but only in degree, between a man and an ignoble quadruped—systems favoured and fostered to an appalling extent by a tyrannical secularism in education ; and sys tems lit only to convert society into chaos and men into slaves or incarnate demons. I also congratulate architect, contractors, &c.;, Ac. i. will terminate with the expression of my thanks to his Grace for the honour he has conferred upon me, by inviting me to preach this opening sermon. I regret that 1 have been so far beneath my theme and the august cireumstanees. (In glancing back at the past, I am forcibly reminded of a seem,' described in the bock of Lsdras, when the Israelites, returned from captivity, had laid the founda tion of the second temple in Jerusalem. Many of the ancients, remembering the splendour of Solomon's Temple, and de spairing of ever Seeing its equal again, wept aloud. Very different are my feelings at the present, moment. It is now llH years since, 1 came to Sydney, a hoy about lit teen years of age, on mv wav to Kurope for ('ducat ion. 1 then saw the first Catholic. Cathedra! ol Svdney, and spent the first feast of Christmas in it. I remember it, well. l>ut what a change now! \\\ hat a contrast ! And it is not sorrow you or 1 now led, hut hearty joy at tin1 wonderful progressof our holy faith in this hopeful land, the. mother colony ot Aus tralia. All honour (o (he holy' founders <d this nourishing elmrdi, ol this lerlile spot in the, Lord's vineyard. All honour to the noble Archbishop who then ruled the com paratively small flock ; all honour to the de voted priests of those days, the untiring mis sinners, the men of arduous toil and travel. They sowed the seed, you re up the plentiful harvest A list ral , so lavi thev had great hope: before their mind’ crowned alike wit li the higher gifts of : their fond vision, already wit h milk the old world an and material pov are pu ley had great love for 111 i 'dll v blessed by God, iii her future. She i ; eye as a fair qm the gifts of nature race. You are realb 'n this ennntrv, I low uni honey coming ; ■r of our rward to (’bureli el ia pel h; I prosperity. \nr •nl turns 11 v i m el o l m is nub i i 111 -f tli -pis d of seen lari -in, t li# future is rich in pis . Tii. dug t s-h is >f her airly s litli -tea t lib uni r\ lily .be ■ted ■t b. if in they v 11 tin iblisb the C ii most pi ' VSHI will Call a thousand irlimity In y in A ust ru ■r 11po t rut h IIKlke I n ■ I legit illl.lt1 IV (eael 111 n >ri I v, t i ( '!, She Sa \ i salt and t a u g111 (loth d \ and fro Alls pile. in relap in! i than the first. I bail tin ilia so lit I v re 11 is ‘siuit d by rand, fresh, and new I nun as the euriie d and warm! re.-ults : and I h 11ndat ion of |; i gs will) her, a true eivilr-at a Celts a She i-. 1 the woi I deni via harism 1 Church t his slate t h ,t pr that happy re of the e do, I iny, a to victory mated in the la realms ol elen The amount lion was Yddb that, in bid' leaders! ah now : i on I'r up her 111;i% go on i mm victory ■r final t n mn pii a- oonsum of the living, in the bright bliss. Allien." lent ei| ami UIg the is Ulgis 'ga - including four donations of !J I (li i each. A I'lcrwards came 11 Credi new and t lie millions of II the intellect the heigh | of is the ( 'a t hoi ie To a modest i (1 led ral w< irt by ops hero to day Mrs. Hunt singing the “ Et Incarnatus” solo, and Miss Moon the “ Et Vitani.” Mrs. Riley sang an oil’ertory, “ Ave Maria” (Bauer), with beautiful expression, her sympathetic voice sounding to great advantage in it. The orchestral opening to the “ Benedictus” was very crisply played, and Mrs. Hunt sang the subsequent solo nicely. The “Agnus Dei” and the “ Dona Xobis” might have been sung in better time, but the “ Hallelujah” chorus went with such precision of time and tune that it made amends for these trilling defects. The service closed shortly before three o’clock p.m. .In the evening the service consisted of Pontifical Vespers and Benediction. The oi'licialing prelate was the Bishop of Armidale (Dr. Torreggiani) “1 i (Archbishop presided at the throne. The attendance was somewhat limited, the cathedral being about halt tilled. The Very Rev. Prior Butler preached the evening sermon, which lie based on 'JHth chapter of (lenesis, descriptive of Jacob's dream of the ladder reaching from earth to Heaven, and of his taking the stone which had served him for a pillar, setting it up for a title, pouring oil upon it, and making a vow, saving, “ This stone wliieh I have set up for a title shall he called the House of Hod. ’ The rev. gentleman referred at some length, and in eloquent terms, to the ladder which Jacob saw reaching from earth to Heaven, with angels ascending and descending upon it, as being typical of the sacrifice which God ottered up for mankind in the person of 11 is , establishing a direct corn man on earth and (Jod in through Christ the angels ■ throne of Cod the appeals salvation, and return from Son, Jesus Chris munion b'tveeti Heaven, so that inight cany fo th of mankind for the IIeavenly Pat and forgiveness. up phc. he Jli nisi ad set up her with me: So, also, as i memorial, >f Cod, t i 1 e ( memori; of 111 curtain pi f Cod. Cod h men, ate pet itions to build the liolv incline: It. wa 1 temp’ wish o sages of mercy Jacob had set m(l called the liristians of all to the groat saeri 1 built i cm pies t hat •• At all times,” have looked upon et apart for divine prayer: hi more favourably Ins iqnnt mllueue ml Solomon to at her. It is t to thei ■d Davi. feel anil make vows pose that we a r f'luple. whose st fail h and charily, mercies, I lie pi, ir\ to us, his el i i Id is ■t up and poll it. lint 111 H 11bloi 1 iii (hi 11 Hus p to attest for deeiner, the Saviour, the pr the Chun 'liri-l. •r dwi fraud up by no the if Cod lie Re am ml that Jacob dm wit 11in her 11is e\ rnd invented i>v wllieli lie lives at the SI (rrv of s with d ever him e feels , has he wav in istani ml mortal •f b life s l,l« ilea mi only but bis i longer d Coil naeh < dun .il on tin Hons;. , an. Cod H|i |o g, and taber it Imlie oiiring .1 esil-. a I a vl - 1 as t nig up In'the ; j >1 Che, 1 , to i■ a,'ri ;rt w II a to. I inmn\\- oi her lov, if fail li eo u hat K\\-er\ In r adoration, ■ nit. I) I I nee the r Ilia--' elenr high. 1111 ■ 111 niarh m tin nder : ■the fn t in I o,l and gem m Ve to skv 11 (im , its She livine e that e, she os in set s', i a I itude. s aeeom il its aid gratitude, Inr love, s if rose l-d roof, inf ricatc od aisles, to C J m h ! hi' springing into the pants to mount mi dome poised in ninl air the vest, m meeiise. the music, the speaking I Im g lowing canvas — the grand ■gv. tin' white-ndied priests, the mitred ate. What are all hut to give expression hat of the text, ' W hat shall we render iod for all he has given ? ’ The envious s mav sav, whv ‘is its price not given • poor?' Why spend so much in raising temple? Why not of assemble ? W o be content, with a raise this temple so graceful in its proportions, so conspicuous in site, so costly in its outlay, because this is not a House for man, but for God. Here he dwells. It really and fully realizes the vision of Jacob. . . . What then shall we render to God? How commemorate this abidng presence amongst men? You Catholics of Sydney give the answer to-day. dour warm, large-hearted, and most generous response to the intro Did and laborious under taking of the great prelate who rules over you is this magnilicent pile which is now set up and anointed as the dwelling place of God and the gate of Heaven. Your fathers, in days past, had many a hard battle to light in this land to keep inviolate the sacred tire of' faith. Many of you have come from a • sundry whose only glory has been for centuries the cross of Jesus. Carrying that faith, and the sacred promises annexed, over the trackless ocean, you planted it on these shores amidst tears and poverty. Yon were here, like Jacob on bis way to Ifaran, strangers in a foreign land, but still children of promise. ‘Man lives not by bread alone’ —the inner consciousness of right, the in fallible promise of a never-failing faith, the voiding spirit of truth there, and the future ‘ opes of blessing, are what- buoy men up against, difficulties, and nerve them to suffer, and finally triumph. Is not this the story which history tells of the early struggles of Catholicity in these colonies? Less than ‘JO vears ago an adverse fate brought to these very shores some poor outcasts from that isle of the west, called of old the Island of Saints. Alone, and friendless, they had nought save the faith of their fathers to cheer their hitter lot of servitude. Braving the persecution and the terrors of their ferocious masters, they clung with life-tena city to that holy religion. What heart docs not throb with generous emotion at the heroic fortitude of these poor men, who for throe long vears kept watch and ward over the Adorable Sacrament? I, as a Carmelite, may ho justlv pardoned at feeling proud of the two tertiaries of the order and clients of Mary who maintained that ever memorable watch of the all-1 Inly. The faith sown in tears and blood is seen crowned in the grand ceremonial of to-day, and the noble cathedral, ’neatli whose graceful arch we are met to set up a memorial of piety, of love, and reve rence. It stands as a monument of faith, and a testimony of generous devotion. Here' is revived that grand old spirit of Catholic time's that considered nothing too good to he offered to God. The tine and massive pro portions, the perspective, of those, long aisles, the minimal ing beauty id' the altar, are all expressive of the stability, yet beauty of the Cathode I'liunh. With solemn rite these mitred chief's dedicate this noble temple to the worship of God, under the invocation of till' ever blessed A11 it her of J esus. Here v-.«s shall he made, and the (dean oblation (fore told by the prophet ) he daily offered up ; and we have, ton, the Divine promise that Hod will he in the midst of those who assemble here in IIB name. And from the warranty of the past what- fair vision rises of the Church of Australia? I’ersecuted in Lurope. she comes to these lands full with the promises of eternal truth. Conscious of her noble mission —feeling the heavenly power with which she is armed—inspired with the Holy Spirit that ever watches over her, and with truth and freedom, she stands erect, and calls on all men to enter the portals of her kingdom, for it is the House of God, and the only gale to heaven. She possessed the birthright, and she has the blessing ; and though the clouds of persecution have long gathered round her in the old world, here in this home of freedom a bright dawn breaks on the mvstir spouse, of Christ.. She goes forth arrayed in all the virginal loveli ness of her perennial youth. Let hut men look upon her and seek' to hear the lessons oi. morality and holiness from her lips, and follow 'the beacon light of truth this uner ring guide holds aloft, and catch the inspira tion of her love of Hod and "of man, and they must needs fall down before her, and with tremhling aments declare her to he the Spouse of Christ, for whom He died. And yon, children of the Church, in whom have been fulfilled the blessings made to Jacob, who are blessed a thousand fold in the com munion of that Church founded by Christ on earth, and which is joined by the communion of saints to that other church ir. heaven, to day arise and pour the oil of thanksgiving on those sacred stones that are now set up as a title to after ages of the many blessings you have received from God, and your de liverance from the power of a cruel foe. Make your vows to God in this holy place, and may the God of Abraham and of Isaac and of Jacob hear these vows, that when our journey here below is ended, and that we enter into the land of promise-—our true country and lasting habitation—our eyes may be gladdened by the eternal vision of those angelic spirits who minister around the throne of the Lamb in the New Jerusalem!, the House of God, and the place where his glory dwelleth.” At vespers the Bishops wore the rochet and biretta. Bishop Quinn was absent, his health being too delicate to allow of any exertion on bis part in addition to those be had made in the morning. The choirs used Gregorian chants, and with few exceptions the soloists were those wdio had sung at Mass. Miss Moon sang Cannusci’s “ Salve Regina,” and Mrs. Hunt sang Neukonm’s “ (..) Salutaris.” Donizetti’s “ Tantum Ergo ” was given very artistically by Messrs. Ilallewell and LLinehy the voices blending well ; and Miss Fanny Nolan sang the “Adoremus” excellently, and took part with Mr. Meyers in the “ O Sanetissima.” As the ecclesiastical procession took its way fiom the sanctuary to the vestry, the organist played the grand war march of priests fram Mendelssohn’s “ Athalio.” The musical ser vice for to-day is as follows :—Morning : March, “Coronation,” Meyerbeer; “ Kyrie,” “ Gloria,” Mercadante ; Gradual, “ Avc Vorum,” Gillespie; “Credo,” Mercadante ; of fertory, “Alma Virgo,” Hummel : “ Sanetus,*’ “ Bonedietus,” “Agnes Dei,” Gounod; Hal lelujah Chorus, “ Messiah,” Handel. Evening : Vespers, Gregorian; “ Conlirma Hoc Dens,” Nenkeomn ; benediction, “ O Salutaris,” Mer ciidante ; Litany, Roman ; “ Tantum Ergo,” Rossi ; “ Adoremus,” Gregorian : “ () Sanc tissirna,” Gregorian ; march, “ Organ,” Costa. 