ghost's explained away. . . ' A philosophic explanation of ghost-seeing is given by J. Mortimer Granville, M;D,, who writes: In the search for the truth about ghosts it would be m the last degree ungrate ful to forgot the vast and varied series of ex- periments which nature, in her- disorderly moods, has made, i3 daily making for our en lightenment in the department of. modern psychology, Not only the actually insane, from whom little that is intelligible enough to be directly instructive can be learned, but tho largo class of neuroticfolk evorbovoring on tho borderland of insanity, froqueutly see "ghosts," and to their supposed powers of perception the spectral delusions or hallucinations (which ever they may be) that are at presont to tho distorted imaoination seem as real as the other objects they see around them. I say other ob jects, because there is no reason to doubt that these visions which distress tho consciousness and often embitter tho lives of tho morbidly' imaginative aro just as true objective as the majority of the things seen, or assumed to bo i-een, by the.strongmindud and perfectly sane. Let mo state three propositions : — The act of seeing, whether performed by .a. healthy, or un healthy seor, is essentially a compound and complex process; The "mind's oyo",ia even more nctiveJy 'concerned' in the performance of tbo functions than tho eye of tho body. It. is the mental image of the object wo seo, not the physical picture. Wo see what we can perceive or what wo are able to recognise, which implies previous knowlodgo and mem ory. 2. Inasmuch as the mind plays a con spicuous parb'in the act of seeing, what is seen may differ greatly from that which exists. 3. A thought, or any sense impression, acting 011 the inind in such a way as to call the power of picture-making into operation," will do as well as an external object, to supply, the key note of a vision. If these propositions aro accepted as accurate, though crude and . hioorn- Eletc statements of fact, It follows that' it must _ q possible to see anything in the exiafcunce of which wo believe — anything, it is as truly objective to us as if it hod a substantive ex istence. Without tho smallest leaning toward the philosophy of Berkeley, I am Convinced tfiat the brainffunction haa the power of pro jecting mental, pictures on the retina. The mental imago may bo transmitted, or, as it were, telegraphed along or reproduced by tho optic j norvo on tho rotiua, mind aud body functions thus mingling in the act of produc ing the vision. This is in my judgraont how "ghosts", aro seen, and if one portion sees a vision' or spectre, any quo else who is in sym pathetic or harmonious nerve vibrations with him may sco it too.- —Fall Mall Gazette. 