TWELVE ACCUSATIONS AGAINST ROMAN CATHOLICISM. It is an old truism that the character of nations is stamped upon the literature of the country, and more .especially upon that of their leading men. Most cer tainly the same applies to sectarian ecclesiastical literature. For instance, Protestantism in all its, .branches has its style, being plain, simple, sometimes severe, or even cold; and,. except amongst some Ritualists who iare really not Pro testants, there is a total absence of levity, indecency, and witchcraft tales. Roman ism has her style, which is the reverse of that for her whole history. The writings of her Saints, Cardinals, and priests are replete with every form of nonsense, witches' tales, forgeries, suppressions, evasions,. subterfuges, &c.; , Surely, to be truthful and honest is the. first attribute required of a Church and of her ecclesiastics, if they expect to be honoured. : It is hardly lciv.il to say of t Saints and Cardinals ,tha.t' they tell, a pack of lies ;" but if we can prove they do so, the blamerests with them . rather than with us, who are only assisting them in explaining, the " beauties of their Holy. Faith." Any inan well versed in the " truths" (?) of Roman Catholicism could " spin similar yarns" by the hundred ; but as the Holy Fathers in Council at Trent concocted twelve new Articles of Faith, and pronounced them necessary to salva tion, we will give the same number of extracts from Roman Catholic works, and our readers can form their own opinion as to their purport, value, and bearing on " Religion and Morals " — 1\. .First and foremost in, audacity is the well-known forgery by Pope Stephen III. of a letter purporting to have been written by Saint Peter the Apostle. 2\. The forgeries, about 100 in number, purporting to be a collection of , decrees of early date of Popes and Councils, all of which were contrived to augment the power and influence of priestcraft over the people. They are known as the " false decretals," yet they are accepted as the main proof of Papal Infallibility." Several Popes have honestly confessed them to be only fit for fuel. '3. In the " Glories of St. Joseph," pub lished so recently as 1843, it is stated that three stones were found in the heart, of "The Blessed Margaret" each engraved, one with , a portrait of, "The Blessed Virgin," another with that of "Little Jesus," and the third with' that, of St ' Joseph. The stonesas jalleged are said to be on view in a monastery near the town of Chateau. 4\. The late Cardinal Wiseman, who was in London thirty years ago, in his " Lives of Five Saints" canonised in 1839, states the following to be true : — 5\. That when St. John Joseph of the Cross happened to leave his house, for getting his walking stick, he never went back for it, but mentally prayed, and it always came winging its \yay . to ;him through the air. 6\. That rain avoided thaFj, sacred per sonage, St. Alphonso Liguoriso .that he and even a friend walking ; with", him never got wet, even in the .heaviest downpour, though they had no, umbrella 7\. That a friend of St. Veronica was dangerously ill ; all other remedies having failed, he drank a glass of cold, water in whiph had been placed a relic of the saint, and instantly jumped out of . bed quitewell. 8\. In the life , of Saint Pacificus it is stated that a miller having broken his legs, suffered agonies for forty days, the surgeon having , utterly failed, hjpa. A,t last his , friends , (pt, . hjin on,, a.. horse .to convey him to the shi<in,e.of thc,Sa,int,;and as they went it was observed ' his .broken bones rattled together "The ; horse then ran KVi&y;, but stopped at ithejshrin,e,(when the millerju.pji.pe.d .bff , wif;b i|his, legsquite 9\. A nun, paralysed and bedridden for years, on being touched with a relic of St. Francis, was instantly cured, aud running suddenly into church frightened her companions, who were at prayers. Cardinal Manning is responsible for the following three, taken from "The Treasury of Prayer," his special book. 10\. The heart of St. Philip Neri, the patron saint of the Brompton Oratory, grew so large with fervent devotion to' the Almighty, that the Holy Ghost en larged his chest specially to contain it. 11\. Our Lord himself told Mary Mag dalene to visit him thirty-three times every day. 12\. As this is the last of the twelve remarks we proposed to make, it shall be a telling one. . . , In reference to 'the following act, mostr people will agree that for inso lent daring and .presumption, in its attempt to debase the. human race and to exalt the tyranny of priests, while de grading their dupes, the history of the world can scarcely show an equal. Bap tism, the very threshold to Christianity, has the following exceedingly filthy cere mony in the Roman Catholic Church : — " The priest next exorcises the person to be baptised, and taking spittle from his. mouth applies it with his thumb to the ears of the person, saying, ' Ephphetha - (be thou opened), and to the nostrils, saying, ' In odorem suavitalis ' (for a savour of sweetness)." These twelve extracts ought to open the eyes of that weak-minded portion Tof. the human race who dream of reaching!. Heaven through the guidance of Papal, priests. Insurrection itta Convent.— A curious incident, says" Stella " in the S:M. Herald , is reported from Alexandria, where1 there is a convent that numbers among its inmates the daughter of. the late M. Prevost- Paradol, who is a niece of the prolific coin- poser M. Ludovic Halevy. .This jgentlemari/ recently sent-to his niece, a cloistered nun in the convent in question, a copy of the last of his operettas,'' " L'Abbe Constant this last" production of jhis jpen) being.p.erfectly/mpral. It passed first, "of course, through the hands of the lady superior, who read it with high ' approval. It was next read by. the nun., who was formerly known as Mile. Prevost-Paraddi, who, in tui;n,,jent it right and ,lnft)-the" AI)le Constant" being; pronounced by all to be a most'pure and "charming' production. '. Sor delighted .was the ilacly superior .with the-v\;prk f that she ordered all M. Haleyy's .works' for the. use of the musical classed 'of the convent1;! so that the! inmates of >that jhithertoipeaceful) place of retirement, .meditation, and education,, werespeedily engaged in the stuciyof" Lee' Petites Cardinals;" "La-belle HeIene;" " Blue-; beard," "Fanny Lear," 'ITricoche pnd Cacolet," and all the more 'or less risky' dramas .with ' which' Halevy,! . collaborating/ with Offe.nbach, has enriched. .the. . of the least prudish theatres of Paris. The1, convent is declared to be in a state of insurii rection ; three of the . fair recluses have vanished, and others are openly expressing their desire to exchange the single: blessedness of the cloister for the outside world and wedlock. Prosecutions by Ritualists.— The Ritualists are trying to make a groat .deal, of controversial capital out of the imprison-' ment of the Rev. Mr. Green ; but they seem' to forget, that they have themselves frequently, prosecuted offenders before the Ecclesiastical I Courts, and that before the Church Associa-t ftion was formed. .Even now they ( are subscribing to pay the .expenses, of .the- prosecution of the Dean of Grahainstown, before the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council, for some alleged connection with1 Dr. Colenso. Nor should' it' be forgotten that Dr. Pusey himself was one of the three, who prosecuted Dr. Jowett (the present Master of Balliol. College, Oxford) for heresy. Suspicious Loyalty.— The n eyr Irish Cardinal, Dr. MucCabe, whose . alleged loyalty to our Queen has been so much praised ; on the,15thof November, 1878, wrote a special letter of approbation of a book) entitled " The Church and the Sovereign Pontiff," in which the author plainly teaches) that the Church of Rome has a right do dethrone kings and absolve subjects 'frpm i their , oaths, of allegiance ; .and that to deny Jo her such a power is next door to heresy! i He who approves such doctrine as this, cannot ; be said fo be loyal to his Sovereign ; inos- ' much as he places her throne at the mercy of another— the Pope. i|: Not long enough dead.— The Univers announces, that the Quebec Roman Catholic Synod has unanimously meraoriajUtfd ' the;Pope for the Beatification of Pius IX.;; but, probably, the death of the .predecessor of the present Pope is too recent to make it safe in the opinion of the Papacy to declare him among the Beatified. The inhabitants of Rome have not yet forgotten the hateu tyranny of Pius IX., nor will they readily forget his otherdmperfections. A Heathen opens Heaven.— It is stated in the Catholic Times , that a heathen man,' a native of Western Tonquin, has been so useful to the Roman Missionaries in, itha,t . .part of ,the. , world, i that " he has sent angels ,to ; Heaven by hundreds !" This was np.t.by putting., them to .death,; but by going about, during no less than twenty years,, an, d baptising into thp Christian , Faith all the heathen children, with whom he came in Contact; Finally, but not until he?iad savfed hundreds, he was saved himself, so' the report Alleges, and died a Roman Catholic. The marvel is, that English Ultramontanes are not ashamed to boast of such proselytising as this. It reminds us of Pagan incantations. : Rev.Dr.HIcGlbbons health. _!_:\Ve are extremely sorry to inform our Rev. Brother's friends that his illnesB has assumed such a serious charaurer that his medical ad viser holds out no hope of recovery. Sobriety at SpeclalfSeasons. —Cardinal Manning, in the beginning of last March, granted to all, who, after going to Confession and receiving the Holy Com munion, should have abstained from allintoxi- cating drinks on the day before St. Patrick's Day, St. Patrick's Day itself, and the day after, a plenary indulgence for all their sins. The effect of such an indulgence is, that were the person to die immediately after receiving cit,' he would go direct to Heaven without going to Purgatory at all. But people are -asking, why it is, that the Cardinal does not grant such an especial favour, as this, as a -reward for keeping sober all the year round ? The answer probably is, that were he to do so the Vatican priests would receive very little money for Masses to rescue souls from Purgatory. EBglisb Church Union Fos ter Mother to Popery.— In the village of "Weston Underwood, near Newport Pagnell, the Church of Rome appears to be actively and successfully at work. We read' in the Tablet, that at a confirmation held in the village, out of thirty candidates for that rite, no fewer than thirteen were perverts. The vicar of the parish is a member of the Ritualistic English Church Union, a society, which does in reality, whatever may be the -intentions of its members, train English Churchmen, and carefully prepare them for Rome. Ill-treatment of a Nun. , (London Daily News , May 2.) Vienna, Monday Night. A painful sensation has been caused here' by a story from Cracow, according to which a nun in a convent there has been inhumnnly treated. She belonged to a good Silesian family, and gave nil her property to the con vent 18 years ago. But for a faithful old servant who followed her into the convent, in order to be near her, she would probably have died under the treatment she received. Her brother could only obtain an interview with her by calling in the police. She had to be supported by two nuns, and appeared in a terribly emaciated condition. Having refused to accept a young confessor introduced into the convent some years ago, she was confined alone in a cell, and the sisters were forbidden to approach her. The story runs that she had worn the same gown for 18 years, and had had no change of underclothing, or shoes or stockings, for seven years. Her cell had not .been cleansed for a twelvemonth, and she was never allowed to leave it. The straw of her bed was rotten, and full of vermin. The sisters with her contradicted her statements, but she persisted in imploring her brother to free her from her terrible position. The brother could only provide her with food and .olothes. Until the affair has been decided in a court of justice, the nun will have to remain where she is. Celebrations for Intentions. —In the churches where members of the English Church Union are incumbents, it has become common to have "Celebrations for the Intention of the Union," celebrations, that is; of the Mass, which term is now freely used by some of the Romanising clergy, al though others still disguise their near con formity to Romanism by speaking only of the " Celebration of the Boly Communion." Cele bration for an Intention implies the full ac ceptance of the Romish doctrine of the sacri fice of the Mass. Anglican Nuns.— At Feltham there -is a community of nuus who, according to the Nock, ,profess tobe members of the English Church.. Theses nuns, unlike other sisterhoods professing to be Protestant, we understand 'make, perpetual vows after they havo served their probationary term.. Accordingly they are , " enclosed" for- life. The Fel tham clois ter, so closely allied in its discipline with the religious orders of the Roman Church, is pnder, the special patronage of a prelate of .the Establishment. Decay of Romanism.— Those Protestants, says the Neio Zealand Wesleyan, who are perpetually lamenting the advanceof Romanism may perhaps take comf orb from the. recent utterances of a Bishop of that Church. On being formally welcomed to Brisbane; Dr. Dunne deplored that his Church did not' keep her people. Speaking oft the UmtedStates; he said; fifty years since Roman Catholics, were a very large proportion of the population, and the immigration since, con tained, a very high percentage of their' com munion ; .yet'the last returns only gave them one-eighth of the population, or seven mil- hon8 out of fifty-four. In Australia it was fitill worse. At one time the members of the Roman, Catholic Church were One-half the total, number of colonists, and the immigra tion returns for several years' gave them a ratio , but little lower. "Yet the census of last April .gives for the six Australian colo nies u, percentage of population nearer down to a- fifth than up to a fourth." If. the Bi- Pnops statements are correct, and he: has doubtless made , himself acquainted with ! the lacts,, it would seem that Roman Catholicism aoes not flourish where there. is "a, free Church in; a free State." « rP1?nde18' Lyal Uetter.— The wrht! Ragged .School Children have ritten the following characteristic letter to the Queen, for which her Majesty hosjsent her thanks by Sir Henry Ponsonby to Mrs. Barker \ HarrisoU : — The " One Tun " Ragged School, Old Pye- street, Westminister, S.W., March 10th, 1882. — Kind Laily Queen, — We are only poor little girls and boys, but we wish to tell you how sorry' we and our fathers and mothers and everybody are that any one should try to hurt you ;' but they can't do it, because God will take care of you. We hope you will have a good tihie, and enjoy your excursion, as we always do, and come home soon quite well. — From yOur humble Bchool children, signed, for all the girls, by Susan Coller, aged 11 ; signed, for all the boys, by George Coleman, aged 10. Tlie Irish Priests of Forty Years Ago. — A priest directed his flock from the altar of Castlebar Chapel one Sabbath to throw boiling water upon any person who might bring tracts to their houses. He understood, he said, " the wives of swaddling preachers and others were in the habit of doing so ; but let them be treated as he ordered, and they would not, he was sure, go again with their poison." Father James Hughes advised another sort of chastisement for those who were so wicked as to attempt to disseminate scriptural truths; The pitch fork or the boghole were, in his eyes, the proper punishment. — Mayo Constitution, quoted' in Scottish Guardian of 12th June, 1840. Freedom of the Press.— The Cardinal Archbishop of Toledo, in Spain, has addressed letters to the editors of all news papers in his diocese, forbidding them to allow any criticism or comment upon the conduct or pastorals of Bishops, to appear in their res pective journals. Such is the amount of liberty allowed to the Press by Rome where she has power. We wonder Would the arch bishop subscribe to the Protestant Standard if it were published in his diocese. A Striking Reaction.— In Con- nemara, and many other parts of Ireland, a striking reaction is noticable. People are be ginning to be heard saying, " the priests are ruining the country," and many of the most infatuated papists are beginning to think that that which drives them to torture and murder peaceable and harmless neighbours, cannot be the religion of the Saviour, and openly con demn and deplore what they applauded a few months ago; These men have recently openly resisted the priests when they en deavoured as heretofore they were accus tomed, to use the pastoral staff with physical force, in the name of the meek and lowly Saviour. The venerable archdeacon Thacker reports that thousands of the more intelligent of the community would gladly leave- the tyrannical rule of the priests if they dared. But "a few wicked men, influenced by a persecuting priest, could bring the boy cotting system to bear on a man in business, and effectually ruin his trade." The Irish Church Missions are in consequence of this reaction fast gaining ground where they were formerly persecuted. Particulars of the Garibaldi Demonstration.— All the Italians in Sydney contributed freely their money, work and skill' for the success of the celebration. Dr. MarUno, Consul ; Messrs. A. Tornaghi and G. B. Modini, O. Stevens, Ferrari, Fariola and others are to be particularly complimented. Signor Sani was the author of the gigan tic bust of the hero, which was model led in the short space of six days. In the funeral march of Signor Giammona there was skilfully embodied the Garibaldi Hymn of War; which produced so muoh enthusiasm among. Italians at the Garden Palace as to make them forget their sorrow, and burst in applause and loud singing. The character of the decorations in the interior of the build ing, was such as to make of that meeting of condolence a festival of glory and triumph for the departed hero. On each Bide were displayed rich draperies ; and amidst palms and festoons wore to be seen the names of the principal battles fought by the hero, from Montevideo to Dijon. In front of the organ, below extensive black hangings, and sur rounded with trees, stood the great triumphal arcli of Constantino of Rome. The pedestal on which, the bust of the hero stood was literally, covered with a mass- of flowers, garlands, ribbons and addresses. Among these was a garland presented by the Italian Benevolent Society,, another by those Italians who had fought under the leadership of Garibaldi, and two more from Messrs. Ramacciotti and Delgrat- ta. There was also a; fine illuminated address, presented by Mr. Foglietta. Mr. Lensi of North Shore presented a beautiful Bilken flag. The design of : the decorations, and' the in ternal arrangements were the work of Mr. Sceusa, of- the Survey Office, who in executing it, was. assisted by Messrs. Lodi, Giuntini, Carpenna, Baldacci, and others. Telegrams expressing sympathy with the demonstration were received by the Italian Consul, Dr. Marano, from the consuls and Italian citizens of Melbourne, Adelaide, Newcastle, and other places. N.D. — All the Italian residents of Sydney and suburbs were present at the commemo ration. All except two : two priests 1 The way they show their LrOyalty. — At the LeveA in honor of the Queen's. Birthday no ecclesiastics of the Vatican Church, untruly called the Church of Rome, were present. At the Fancy Fair at St. Mary's the same foreign priests kept their hats i on when the National Anthem was piayed. These little affronts, ; of course, do not hurt Her Majesty ; but the- are. straws showing how' the wind blows from a dis loyal quarter. It is said that' the absence of their Reverences . from the leveft was not accidental ; but directed by Dr. Vaughan, put of jealousy, because1 he aid notget some particular position in the room which he coveted. His Kingdom is evidently of this world. Letter from No. i< L.O.L., to Dr. Gilchrist.— Regent- street, Newtown, Sydney, June 21st, 1882. To the Rev. Dr. Gilchrist, Hotliam, Melbourne. Dear Sir and Bro., — I am directed to convey to you, on behalf of the members of No. 15 L.O.L., N.S.W., held at Newtown, their ex pression of unqualified admiration at the noble stand you have recently made in the cause of Protestantism in the colony of Victoria : noting especially the successful results of your efforts in bringing about the public condemnation of the now notorious disloyal members of the Victorian Parliament. From the fact of your previous intimate connection with Newtown, this Lodge has watched with deep interest your course of action in this crisis. In the hope that you may be long spared to stand in the front rank, a Tower of Defence for the principles of our Loyal In stitution, I remain, Sir, Yours faithfully, Maurice Turner, Secretary of No. 15 L.O.L. 