MAJOR PLAINS COURSING CLUB (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) The meeting took place, according to advertisement, on the 13th inst, and was concluded on the afternoon of the 14th. In a coequnct of the throeatoning: naspot of thoweosher, it e urmined man nomiton fnat m a drista were withheld.•. At the fiat' clo?ing etn. fourteen doge were nominated and, '?opto The first day was very disagreeoolo. vea showery,. with a, sharp bitiog wind, blowi all day; making the work for man low bi very hard. The ecoond day was tll that could be desired, a sunny, fine, frosty day Mr W. Newton, as judge, did all in- his Paowe to give antisfootion, and reaped golden opinio?sp from all for impartial and independent °h oisione. Tho stewards and, slippers alto ful. filled their respective ofil0os with the approval of all, The whole meeting was an unqualified The drawing was os follows:.T. W. emp, Magio v. D: Ryano"' Marshnl; James QulO?'s. Fly I. v E. Murphyrs Nelly Gry;, ? gao'. Fawn v I. Morley's Fly I;. D":jari e, ' Swift v H. Palling's Fly III.; PIt. yao'sed v J' Ryan's- Moira; G. Herridge's Eppiog Maid v C. O'Brion'a Baroey; W. F. Mngoui'' 3Moira v Met Ryan's Harkaway., . Magio and Marshal were slipped'to a reognla flier, Magio knocking puss about in graoed style, but, tiring, allowed Merahat a couple of 'gobyong I:'the -red-do'g wipingKoutn ttt e ,a against' himr, and wionisngwith siomething t., his credit. Nelly Grey was faster than Ply, and in the run.up scored the first brace, and allowed the Fly to get in with a nice give sa? take trial ; but the black and white, being a. little cleverer, enabled the judge to declare in her favor. Fawn ran rings around Fly II. and never allowed the Gobwangardie slut to get a ghost of a show. Swift led Fly III. for the first few points; the slot getting in equalise matters, but the judge not liking the running of. Swift disqualied him. Lady and Moairs (I. Ryan's) slipped to a strong bare, puss favoring Lady;.' Moira dashed at her again, and cannoned against Lady, knocking her Mhrn de' comblt, the fawn taking her- game down the hill and sooring rapidly;. but the brindle was not to be denied and followed her game up the. hill, but was not able to wipe up the score against her. Barney led Epping Maidi who. only got in on sufferance, the hare making for the scrub. Moira (Maginnoss's)iled Harksway for the first" point, but Harkaway got in and+ worked beautifully, taking several fences well,. and ending with a brilliant kill. ori the first ties, Nelly Greylod' Marshal to oa uneven slip; but it was evident theat Marshall was not in his ousual form, Nelly Grey handling her hare in a most masterly manner, and winning the course. Fawn led FlyHll any amount of lengths; Fly.getting in, how over, did some nice work;-the judge declared' in favor of Fawn. Moira (Ryan's) led Barney, but he refusing to follow his. game was dis.. qualified.. Harkaway ran a bye. aFmna Cousae; SMarshlial beat Magio. Nelly Grey ,, Fly I. Fawn ,, Fly II. Fly III. ,, Swift. Moira ,, Lady. Barney ,, Epping Maid. Harkawny ,, Moira(.'?ktinaem Finsr TIEs. Nelly Grey beat Marshall. Fawn ,, Fly III. SHrkaway a, liye. SECOND TIEs. Nelly Grey beat Fawn. Moira ,, Harkaway. DeCIDINGo COURSE. Mr J. Ryan's f. b. Moira, by Claverhouse Fishwife, beat Mr E. Murphy's b. and w. b. Nelly Grey, by Field- Morshel-Fly, and woo. Another meeting will take place towards, the end of August. 