PROM " A FORTNIGHT WITH THE BISHOP OF BA LLAARA T. ' ' Br the Right Rey. the Bishop. ( Mission Life.) Our Australians seem to be better listeners than the folks at home. I have been astonished some times at the breathless attention with which a ser mon or address has been followed by children or by elders ou a sultry afternoon. Eor bush places the comparative rarity of preaching may, in a measure, account for this, but it is true, I think, of our town audiences also. Making an early start again next day, I reached Maryborough (a tedious journey) in the afternoon. Among other business here the Chi nese catechumens to be baptized in the evening (Chung Sing and Wang Wet), together with the cat- echist (Moses Ah Grow), and a Christian interpre ter (Ching War), came for an interview. Mr. Du bois, the incumbent, was with me, and his constant practice in exchanging ideas with Moses (who speaks little or no English), enabled him to render me im portant help. Por Ching War's English was of the limited order, and these interviews, though very in teresting, involve 110 little perplexity at times. Through Ching War, I examined the catechumeus in their conceptions of Christian faith and duty, and the significance of baptism. The Bible is the only text-book used by the catechist. I think a manual, such as Xavier used in India, of Scripture extracts arranged in some systematic order, with questions, prayers, aud counsels, might be very use ful. The converts answered nicely, on the whole ; of the consistency of their lives with their professed purpose I was assured, with confidence. I then turned to Moses, and was really gratified by his answers, (through Ching War) to some close questions on John iii. — our Lord's teachings to Nicodemus. I fancy Ching War, in "upsetting into English " Moses' answers, spilled some of theii fulness in the process, for Moses was copious and animated in giving them ; but the summary that reached me indicated no little intelligence, and ear nestness of conviction also. I decided to publicly address the candidates, through the interpreter, immediately before their baptism, and to preach ) after wrards to the European congregation. 1 told Ching War to come ten min utes before Service, and then carefully went over with him what I meant to say. The effect, in this case, was excellent. Church time came, and three clergy from the neighbourhood attended, and took their part. After second lesson (Acts ii. 37, ad fin.) Ching War (clad in surplice) led the catechish and his catechu mens, and some eight Chinese witnesses, to the font, the congregation rising up to welcome them. 1 may say that the Europeans present were not drawn by curiosity, but, for the most part, at least, by Christian sympathy. The church was not full, only nearly so. A strong feeling of mingled scorn and fear of the Chinese always prevails in European populations familiar with their presence, and this feeling is no small bar to the support of Chinese Missions. Recoil from the heathen Chinese is not altogether surprising. Treachery, filth, and gross habits, besides opium smoking and gambling, are their common characteristics. This should emphasise the interest taken in their rescue and introduction to a higher life, but for most colonists it fails to do so. Their offence in underbidding European labour is unpardonable in the eyes of a democratic com munity. The baptismal questions, replies, and final exhort ation were repeated in Chinese. At the risk of be ing tedious let me sketch my address. Remember that to have been anything but rudimentary would have meant hopeless failure. " Read them, Ching War, Acts ii. 38." (Repent and be baptized every one of you, &c.;) " Tell them, when Christ went up to Heaven, He sent Holy Spirit down. Spirit came down with great wind, and with tongues like fire" (" bits of fire " Ching War called them). " Great crowd people ran up. Peter spoke to people. Peter told people all wrong things they did. People sorry, people cry out, ' What shall we do ' P " (Ching War's version very animated here.) " Peter said, 5Tou do two things; and God freely give you two things. Eirst tlung people must do, Repent ! that means, leave off wrong things. Ho one fit baptized, if mean keep on doing wrong things. Mr. Dubois says you, Chung Sing, and you Wing Wet, wish leave off all wrong things." (Wang Wet nods vigorously.) " Second thing people must do, be baptized with water in name of Jesus Christ. Mr. Dubois says you two wish be baptized in name of Jesus. I giad to come baptize you, that you may be Jesus Christ's servants all time till you die. But Peter told peo ple more. Told them God promised freely. Give them two things. Eirst thing was, wash away sins. Water washes body clean, Jesus Christ washes heart clean. " Second thing was, give them Holy G-host. "Water makes body well and strong. Holy Ghost makes heart well and strong. All in church pray Heavenly Father receive you now. " Jesus Christ wash your sins away. Holy Ghost inake your heart well and strong. Believe God's promises and then ' accordtng to your faith so shall it be unto you." The Baptismal Office follows, and amid the hushed and solemnised throng, I fulfil the Lord's command upon them. The water poured upon their brows in the thrice-holy Name, the Church receives them to lier bosom. No longer devotees of senseless idols, they are the Christian brethren, "Andrew" and " Luke." The prayers are continued : I ascend the pulpit aud preach from Eph. ii. 18, "Through Him we both have access by one Spirit unto the Father." From this I tried to set forth the Agent, Means and Object of the Access which the test describes ; and dwelt ;on the fact that it was for " loth" Christ reconciles divided humanity ; Jew and Gentile, male aud female, Caucasian and Mongol become oue in Him. The application to the Baptism was obvious ; and the Service closed with an offertory for the Mission. The present need in working it is an English Chi nese-speaking clergyman, to superintend, or, failing that, an English-speaking convert qualified for or ders, for the same office. I rather crave one Ah Chee, who is with the Bishop of Brisbane, but whom the late disastrous withdrawal of S.P.G. help will oblige him to dispense with. He might go to St. Ar- naud,! and in due time be fit for Ordinatiou. Some of the Chinese catechists prove unsatisfactory, of course ; others turn out really admirable Mission aries. Ah Fat, lately at St. Arnaud, possessed much influence with his fellow-countryman, and the re spect of the Europeaus. " A genuine man," said a storekeeper there to me, " Christian all through and all round." He was prosecuted a year ago on some charge about money, but came triumphantly out of it, the Judge remarking that in his belief the charge was merely a piece of religious persecution." 