gtftfrg and Ivifles. THE GREEN LAKES OF ENGLAND. THROCGB the creen lanes of England, the long summer day. We wandered at win in oar youth's meny Slay ; We gsther'd the blooms o'er the hedge-rows that Or mocfd the sweet max that the nicntingale snn£ In the Autumn we knew where the blackberries grew, *nd tbe shy hazel-nuts hidden deep in the shade: Or with nhonting and cheer, when Christmas drew In search of the ripe ruddy holly we stzzy'd. Bat tbe green lanes of Entfaod, tiio' dear to us then, Were dearer by far when we grew to he men, -When the heart's fitst emotions were fervent and pure. And the world had no grief that a smile could not Twas beneath the green leaves, in the calm summer Thai ve breath'd the young hopes in oar bosoms that born'd ; Or, in love's gentle eyes, read Ihe tender replies Thni-show'd the fond passion as fondly retum'd Ye green lues of England, wherever we roam. Ye are linkM is our hearts with the mem'ries of hrane. With the sports of oar childhood, the lore of our prime. And tbe pensive delights of a soberer time. Other lands may be fair with their balm-brealhiiic And their beauties and enndeurs that charm or appal ; Bat to young and to old, tul oar hearts shall crow ? cold. Win the preen lanes of England be dearer than aU. Wfltx a pretty Irish girl is stolen awaj they suspect some boycotter. A toukg man cannot see the point of a joke when he is tbe butt. A cahpester is seldom as handsome as his wife, because he is generally a deal plainer. All sorts of sleeves are admissible for ladies' dresses, but tbe coat sleere, round the waist, remains the favourite. ** Fortune's hand,' Bays a poverty -stricken writing-master. ' is remarkable for its heary do wn -strokes. ' ' He a. doctor !' said old Chawbacoa, speaking of a yonng practitioner ; '* why, he could not cure a ham.' A man has been found who has made some money out of the law. He borrowed it from a, judge and left the country. PcKSKTEyT Paett : ?? Not at home ? Bat are you sore he isn't? Don't yon think yoa had better go and ask?' New Maid : 'No. sir. it wouldn't be a bit of good. He told me he wasn't most distinctly.1' Sofhia, sentimentally : ' I dearly love to listen to the ticking of a clock. It seems to me that a clock has a language of ite own.*1 Mr. Smart : *' Tea, Sophia, the clock has a laogizxge — yoa might say, adial-ect.' 'Major, I see two cocktails carried to your room every morning, as if you had some one to drink with.' ** Yes, sir ; one cocktail makes me feel like another man ; and, of course, Fin bound to treat the other man.1* FoSD Parekt, in tears : ' Angelina, my love, I have terrible news, Edwin-- Dancfater: 'Speak quickly! My lore, my promised hnsband — ' Fond parent : 'It i gambler !™ Daughter : 'Oh, pa, is he lucky?' A quarrelsome con pie were discussing the subject of epitapba on tombstones, and the hnsband eaid, 'My dear, what kind of a stone do yoa suppose they will give me when I die !** ' Brimstone, my love i' iras tbe affectionate reply. Two intimate friends (Female) are frail.- ing of a third intimate friend (female also). ' That darling Baroness — bow well she dresses; doesn't she?* 'Well, I should hardly say that, but the dear creature gets herself up very cleverly.' The Royal Wooee.— Wife— ?' The prince still lame? Oh, Charles, how shocking it wonld be if he had to hop to the altar !' Husband—' Not at alL Everything a Prince does is charming. The people would take it as a proof of his affection — they'd believe he lamed himself falling in love :' 1 'How are you getting along?' asked a widow of her late husband, 'who appeared to her at midnight as a ghost. Ghost — ' Very well indeed ; much better than during my twenty years of married life on earth.' Widow (delightedly |— 'Then you are in heaven?'5 Ghost— 'Oh! no.' The wanins of the honeymoon. — Scene Balcony of lodgings overlooking the sea. German band strikes np aroand the corner — She— 'Oh, Edwin, listen! I think I bear strains of music.' He — 'A most confonnded lot of strain and uncommon little music, I ; should say.' A.ud such is the want of son! Sir Wilfbip Lawson. speaking at a local . option demonstration at Kensington, said he i dared say that a great many of those present had seen an advertisement in the newspapers headed. ' How to avoid the injurious effects of Btimnlants.' There was one a boy who 1 was told to write an easav npon pins and 1 needles. The boy wrote a. Very short essay. (Lan^hter.) He said, 'Pins are the most useful thincs ; they have saved the lives of I many families.' 'How, so?' said the master. *' By oot swaJJowing them,** said tbe boy, \ (Great laughter.) That was his (Sir W. 1 Lawson's) care far the injurious effects of ' stimulants. 1 A XHORoruHLY veH- aotbenticatea anecdote, j illustrating his excessive tact, was told of I Disraeli, soon after he was created Earl of . Beacousfield. It appears that, not long aiter ' bis transplantation from tbe House of Commons to the House of Lords, Disraeli met a brother peer in the street, who askfd him bow he liked the change. ' 1-ike it !' exclaimed Disraeli, forgetting himself for the moment, and blundering out with tbe truth : ' like it ! I feel as if I were dead, or buried alive !'* Then, seeing the expression of dis comfiture on the peer's face, he added hastily. j with a. courtly bow and an irresistible smile, I ' and in the land of the blessed.'' 