A COLONIAL GHOST STORY-. ( Written for the Grenfell Record.) When I served niy apprenticeship in one of the seaport towns in this colony, niy domicile was in one of the attic rooms in a three story building, opposito to a house of about the satno size, that was a butcher's shop and dwelling of the proprietor, who was in opulent circum stances, and well respected as an honest and well conducted man ; but who was somewhat noted for his niggardly disposition 'and isolated habits. In winter and summer alike ho might bo seen in the morning while it was yet dark, with a lighted candle making preparations for the day's work, scraping blocks, cleaning scales, and attending to other items of cleanliness iu a shop that was a marvel of neatness ; and the last thing that met uiy eye on each night, as I looked from my window before retiring, was his. fi'uro. at the little desk in the corner, making up his books for the day by the dim light of a tallow candle. Sunday had no rest for him, because it presented a splendid oppnr tunity forgetting his weekly accounts ready, so as' to be the first in the field, oil Monday morning, for his share of tho artizans' wages. Time rolled on in this wny until, on one Christmas Eve, the incredable news spread that this erstwhile miser was making handsome presents to his sustomers. English cheese and hams (which in those days had no: been super sided by Bodalla), bottled ale . and porter, dresses for ladies, toys for children, and costly presents for his best customers, were soon tin ample confirmation of the truth of tlie rumour, and in addition to this an announcement was made bv himself through the evening, from behind his block, that on New Years Eve he would roast a bullock after old English fashion, and otherwise entertain the goneral public. New Years Day came with its many greet ings, but not the' feast. The poor fellow was down with brain fever, a raving madness— brought on it was supposed through too close application to business, and through the con stant torture of a drunken wife. In a few weeks he was in his grave, and the business was sold to another, who became a tenant until it should bo decided what tl/j trustees would do with the property. At length it' w.im decided to seil everything, and a day iof sa/e whs fixed that .vottld give ample tiiim for ml vei'tisitig, and inspection by pur chasM's. Then strange sounds could be heard from the shop at night, the scraping of blocks, the noise of scales (there were beam scales) as they dashed against the bench, first on one side then on the ui.her, as though somebody was working who had not a moment to spare. The tenant and his wife pulled long faces as they hinted at terrible goings on. professing to be scared out of their lives mid to have, a desire to sell out their interest at any sacrifice, some times rushing out in night costume, declaring to the curious (who listened from the other side of the street for hours) that the place was haunted. The day of salo came, and so great was the terror about this part of the property that it was bought by a Sydney buyer for less than one third of its value. But strange to say, the tenant still lived on in the same house, and soon it lieuame rumoured that the Sydnoy buyer was his brother-in-law, who had purchased for him. Then public curiosity was completely aroused and groups of |-eople would listen for hours to hear something of the ghost. But no sounds came. Public opinions were fully expressed, and at length the purchaser boasted of how cleverly lie had mado a ghost of his predecessor by securcly fastening some dainty morsels to the scales and oy covering t.ne tuocKS witn tat or cncese rubbed on, and the rats with which our sea port towns are infested did tho rest by gnawing at the blocks aud by jumping on to the scales and off again, till daylight came, in vain endeavours to dislodge the dainty inducements. Thus a ghost story began and terminated, and thus fatherless children —worse than orphans— were deprived of a portion of their lawful inheritance. Gabu Snodgrass owns a farm near Austin, and Jim Webster asked Gabe the other day what he was doing, with' his farm this year. ' I has rented it on sheers to Sam Johnsiug. He gets half a dollar outer cbery dollar he makes otttcn de farm.' 'But how docs 3'er know he gibs yer de korrect amount ob what, he makes? He kin keep back some and you i will nebber know it.' ' Dar ain't no danger ob dat. Don't you see de more dollars lie brings ? in ter me de more half dollars he gets? You bet. he ain'tgwine to keep back none. Heain'tno ! fool. He wouldn't get no half dollars outen de ? dollars he would keep back.' A Sou thorn : negro, an ox slave, hired a field from his old | master to cultivate, he to receive one third and i the master two-thirds of the crop. The oid negro was honest, but not up iii arithmetic. iuv vitnuKii owu iukuh, uu&u; ui wuicii uu j put in his master's crib, and reported to the ! astonished landlord, ' Dar is no third, sail ; de , land am too poor to produch do third, sail.' | ' I'm sure.' said a confiding old lady, ' that ! my sou never drinks anything at night because he's so awfully thirsty in tho morning.' A girl sued a man for breach of promise, and proved liini such a scoundrel that the jury , decided that sho ought to pay him something j for not marrying her. | When a Connecticut nowspapei announces | that ?' the burn and contents of Mr. Giles Po'ttr were burnt on Thursday night,' one is naturally concerned to know what Mr. Potter had been i eating and drinking to make him so in flammable. The man who sighs, c How soon we are forgotten,' has only to leave an hotel without paying his bill to see how sadly lie is mistaken. According to the dentists, human teeth are degenerating at such a rapid rate that in a few generations babies will be born with false sets. a fin.i;nnnni ? ? XV UUU V KJ IClLH-lj I lllljj « j in his bill. for. stationary, and being sure that he had ordered none, investigated tho matter, and learned that the '? stationary' was the ink and paper used in making out his bill The Gay and Festive Season.— (Jones's happy Christmas.) — Taking his sister home (instead of the young lady he was so attentive to all the evening), a mile or so in the snow and slush, with not a cab to be had anywhere for love or money. In the Pyrenees a guide is showing off a remarkable echo to a band of tourists. 'You will observe, ladies and gentlemen,' he says, with rapture, ' how the sound is repeated from rock to rock, from crag to crag, and especially how, beyond the frontier, the echo replies with a perfectly distinguishable Spanish accent. 'Papa, didn t you whip me once for biting little Tommy ?' 'Y03, my child; you hurt hiin much.' ' Well, then, papa, you ought to whip sisters music master, too ; he bit sister, yesterday afternoon, right on the mouth ; and J know it hurt her, for she put her arms around his neck and tried to choke him.' A banker now on his way to England (whom may the waves rock pleasantly and the winds speed rapidly) was lately asked to lend some money wherewith to build a church in a prosperous suburb. He consented at last, in something like these words : — ' I have never yet foreclosed a mortgage on a church. You can have the money, but I would like you to build so that if 1 have to take your church over the architecture would be suitable for a branch bank.' In spite of a passing recol lection of the Temple and the money changers, the churchwardens took the money. — ' wEgles' Australasia/)!,. .Not so Cold. — The other morning, as a gentleman, all muffled up :.n a double geared ulster, fur collar, big gloves, and a red nose, came steaming down Vine Street Hill, like a boiler with the safety valve open, hesa« a ttainp in a linen duster, cotton pants that did not reach his ankles by six inches, no socks, no gloves, toes sticking out round the circumference of his broken shoes, and a hat without a crown, sitting on the style, whistling, ' In the sweet summer time long ago.' ' Hello 1' said the gentleman, with a convulsive shiver. ' The same to you, sir,' -said the tramp. ' Isn fr it very cold there?' 'Not so awfully very, as.it might be, but it ain t so mighty hot, neithei,' and as the gentleman passed on, .that man of sorrows, unacquainted with ulsters, began to whistle ' When the spring time comeH, gentle Annie,' as melodiously as a lark ou a May luoruing. — Chin. Times. 