The Sydney correspondent of the Argus, writing on the 1st lust, says : — A sign of the varying fortunes of speculators in gold mines has been furnished this week by the sate for £430 of the united claims at Hill End, known as Krohinann's, Beyers, and Holterman's, and Carroll and Beard's. These claims sent the colony wild about seven years ago, and their shares represented at one time a capital ot about a million and a quarter. But the profits were all paid away in dividends, no adequate reserve was kept to stand the drain of a long period of dead work, and the share holders, tired out with disappointment, were not disposed to raise any more capital. The plant on the ground is said to be worth £1,000. Me. Herbert R. Boss writing to the Wil canuia Times on the 18th, says: — 'Recently, whilst I and my mate were prospecting in the Ranges about 24|p/ies north-west of this place, we came acrosS a relic evidently of some bygone age, the discovery of which will be of interest to theorists who have advanced the opinion that this continent was visited by civilized man prior to the advent of Captain Cook. The relic to which I refer is an earthenware pot or jar of rotund form, apparently of medianval design, and three quarters of an inch thick, and fire baked. On the inside, which was covered with earth, there was deeply engraved in Roman capitals the following inscription : I Ti Sams Soro tanditis uv. When found by us it was almost completely buried in the alluvial drift of a small creek, and although, to all appear ancDs it had lain undisturbed for some centuries, the exposure has little impaired it. 1 have the relic still in my possession and intend as soon us possible to forward it to Mr. J. J. Shillinglaw, of Melbourne, and in the mean time forward you this short description in the hope that it may prove interesting to your readers, some of whom may have fallen across similar traces of an earlier but transient occupation of this con tinent by explorers of European origin. The Supreme Court (says the S. A. Register) has reversed the verdict given in the case Wood v. the National Mutual Life Association of Australasia, Limited, and the insurance money which the man . Ernest Neville endeavoured to secure to his credi tors by the strange device of committing suicide, will not be paid by the association after all. It will, perhaps, startle some peopie to learn that the Supreme Court possessscs the power to reverse the verdict of a jury upon a question of fact, as it has done in this case. One of the chief matters to be decided was with regard to the insanity of the insured, a point which the Attorney General contended was amply proved by his having professed a bebef in spiritism, in dulged iu the practice of drawing strange pictures under the influence of some hulluci nntiou, and asserted that he had seen a ghost. The jury had found that the evidence proved Neville to be insane, and the Judge had there fore directed a verdict for the plaintiff, who sued for the amount of the policy. His Honor the Chief Justice said, in reference to the action which the Court is now taking, that it appeared to him it was not overrid ing the Supreme Court Act, inasmuch as the proceeding was sanctioned by the rules of Court, and these rules, according to the Act of 1S7S, are entitled to have the force of law because they have been laid on the table of both Houses of the Legislature, and have not been dissallowed by them. 