THE LATEZ HiZ. H. HIEDATLL On obituary notices to-day (says the yb/io of Wednesday) contain an announcement of the death of Mr. Henry Clarence Ken dall, the well-known poet. This sad event creates a great gap in Australian literature, that we have little hope of seeing quickly filled. Rhymesters we have in shoals, but a true poet such as Kenidall was comes to us seldom, and unhappily does not tarry long. He had been ungrudgingly recog niscd as an exponent of the poetic senti ment of these young communities-as oreo who had conmmnuned with the spirits of our forests and hills and plains, and had been gifted with the power of interpreting thlie voice of nature in smooth, soft measures, and depicting her mnoods in brilliant imagery. To quote his own aspiration, he was one upon whom shone "A flood Of light, inefitble, that made ome feel AS fI?e the gruld ol porolmets, c.ughiL away Ify lfames of izspinition" With the exception, perhaps, of Adam Linds.ay Gordon, there is no poetic writer whose works breathe a purer Australian spirit or are moredeeply muarked with the in fluence uf the life and scoues of these lands. His work was of a character tlhat improved as his powers matured, and had his bodily vigour not been so sadly impaired, he might have lived to raise a greater monuu moet to his own memory than even his "Songs from the Mountains." Each E coeeding publication showed greater power, deeper thought, and finer execution. His first book "' 'oems and Songs," which was published in 1802, was uneven and in por tions crude; his next, "Leaves from Aus tralian Forests," coutaino?l much better work, and established his claimras a poet of high merit; and his last, " 8ons from the Mountains," published last year,' won for him the fullest measure of praise from the most capable critics. Fifteen years ago Mr. Kendall received commendatory notice from English literary journals, and in the London At1,ewun.. one of the leading citical organs, his work was noticed at con siderable length. Two of his poems, "The Song of the Cattle Hunters," and "The Ghost Glen," were published in exteneo, and most favourably reviewed. In a notice of Kendell's last publication, from the pen of Mr. W. B. Dalley, this opinion is endorsed. Mr. Kendall's career was chequered and gloomy and overshadowed by great troubles. His work was tinged with the sorrow of his life. The dedication to his last collection of poems said: " These are the broken words Of blind occasions whie tle world lhas come Between me aud my dreani. No song is hero Of mighty cmparss; for my singing robes I've worn in stolen moments. All my days Iave been the dalys of a laborious life; And ever on moy struggling soul bles burned The fierce Iheat of this hurried sphere." The shadow of death has passed over the sufferer, and a career that was marked by few joys and many sorrows has closed just when it should have been at the zenith of its usefulness. In life he knew much of the heat and burden of the day, and latterly he had learned to look forward to a period of eternal cessation from trouble " Of folded hands closed eyes anid Iheart at rest, Alld slumiber sound beneathl a tlowvery turf." Mr. Kendall, who was 40 years old at the time of his death, was born at Ulladulla, New South Wales. When only 18 years of age he commenced his career as a contribu tor to the Sydney Press, and two years later published his first book, "Poems and Songs." His later publications were "Leaves from an Australian Forest," in 1869, and "Songs from the Mountains," in 1881\. In 1803 he held an office in the Lands Departmnent, and subsequently was transferred to the Colonial Secretary's Office, where he remained until 1809, when he resigned and went to Victoria, where he resided for come time, and be caime a frequent contributor to the Mel bourne Press. He subsequently returned to this colory, and accepted a situation at Brisbane Water, where he resided till 1881, when he was appointed Inspector of Forests. He was the composer of the can tata for the opening of the Melbourne Town Hall, and the cantata for the opening of the Sydney International Exhibition, and the prize poem in commemoration of the last mentioned event. Latterly his health broke down completely, and after a few weeks' severe illness he died of phthisis on Tuesday afternoon, at Bourke street, Surry Hills. 