LATEST TELEGRAMS. [PBOM OUB OWN OOKKBSrONDinraS.J INTERCOLONIAL. Stdnbt, Saturday. It has been decided that Jones is to go to England as one of tho Australian Eleven. Ihe tramway joining Camden with Camp belltown was opened yesterday. The length is 7i miles, and the cost was £2,934 per mile. The gauge is that of the railways, and it is in all reBpects a light railway line. All the patients at tne smallpox hospital are now convalescent. The captain and officers of the German War ehip in harbour, with tho foreign consuls, were entertained by the Ministers yesterday with a trip to the Blue Mountains. A man named Henry Buckley struck his wife such a sovere blow with his fist on Thurs day that she died from tho effects. Buckley was drunk at the time. The unfortunate woman had been out visiting and had returned home lato. , ?'.' , A man earned Edward Darlon has been arrested at .Albui-y Charged with driving a mob of horses without i» travelling statement. On investigation it turned out that the horses had been stolen from Messrs. M'lntyre, of Glen field, near Wagga. The accused was committed for trial. Hesperian is now third favourite for the Newmarket Han dicap. The Ghost has received good support, and ia firm at 5 to 1 ; Larpent, 8tol; cjurryhas receded to 100 k- 6 ; 10 to 5 any other. ? ?' News has been received here that the Wan ganui (N.Z.) Cup was won by Hulatprm, Vir ginia being second, and Dauphin third. The first sculling contest for King's Cham pagne Cup of a hundred guineas will take place over the champion course on May 27 The entries close on May 6. Tho cup must be rowed for by lonajide amuteurs. , The following havo been selected to represent Sydney in the intercolonial handball match : — Messru. E. Farroll (captain), J. Kiernan,' J. Heagney, and J.Walsh. * The weather is fine and warm. -'? ;. . : ^ \ ? '?'?? \\\ ' r Meiboubne, Friday'. '? Tho sentence of death passed' upon Jambs Cook for tho murder of James Bennett Stephons, at Lang Lang, on tho 3rd ultimo, has been commuted 'to imprisonment for life. Deteotive Hartney, anold officer in the force, ?died suddenly at the police hospital yesterday. A further effort will bo made during tho coming sejsion to obtain the sanotion of Parlia ment to a bill authorising the construction of tramways in Melbourne. Tho OmnibusOom. pany have had a bill drafted proposing five main lines, with soveral branches. An appeal has boon inado in the Argus on bohalf of an old Trafalgur veteran named Samuel Cratior, 90 yoars of ago, who is now living at Collingwood. ; A curious case of bigamy has been heard at the Fitzroy Police Court, in which a man named Greenough was the defendant. The prosecution was brought by the police. It ap pears that a young woman named Sabina Graves some years ago married a man named Keeling, in England. They went to Queensland in 1874. Some time after the woman then found that Keeling was previously married, and left him, afterwards coming to Victoria. A few months after her arrival here she married Greenough, in 1879. Greenough, learning something of his wife's previous history, left her, and in the fol lowing year married a woman named Letitia Armstrong, at Albury. The case was remanded for a week. ' '?'?' Mbmjoubnb, 'Saturday.' A , breach of promise action, .brought by Matilda Toloy, a ' sorvant, against OliarloB Hollon, in tho Railway sorvico, was hoard at tho Supremo Court yesterday. Tho plaintiff claimed £500, and tho jury awarded £180. 'Jack' Hart, tho well-known Kelly sympa- j thiser, has bcon sentenced to two months' im prisonmont for resisting tho police atManeficld, More daring burglaries are reported. In ono instanco a privato house was enterod during daylight and a quantity of furnituro and wear ing apparel was removed. Tho detectives aro unable to obtain any clue to tho burglars, who aro belioved to bo a gaug recently arrivod from another colony. 