PURGATORY. A FEOM THE NOTEBOOK OP AW OLD THEOLOGIAN. (Irish Ecclesiastical Record.) THE following paper is in no way controversial. Putting aside, therefore, the Question at issue between Protestants and Catholics as to the existence of a purgatory, I purpose to touch only those points, the consideration of which should fix the attention of all of us more vividly on our own future, and quicken onr charitable sympathies for our departed brethren. 2\. Every sin committed by us leaves after it in the soul two evil effects—the guilt or gtain of sin ("reatus culpae," "macula peccati"), as an offence against God, the debt of punishment ("reatus poenae") due to the divine justice for that guilt. The onishment due to venial sin is temporary, Sisting but for a time; the punishment due to mortal sin is eternal, the everlasting torments of hell. When mortal sin is forgiven, the eternal punishment is also forgiven. But it is an article of Catholic faith that, after the remission of the guilt of sin and of this eternal punishment, there may remain a temporary punishment to be suffered, or, in the words of the Council of Trent (sess. 6, ch. 14; sess. 14, eh. 8, can. 12), that God does not " always remit the whole punishment together with the guilt." That this tem- porary punishment, especially if due to mortal sin, generally remains, greater or less, is oommonly asserted by theologians; and indeed follows very clearly from other points of Catholic doctrine. 3\. This temporary punishment may be wholly, or in part, redeemed and cancelled in this life by pious works, prayer, works of mortification, &c.; Until it shall have been entirely cancelled, the soul cannot enter heaven. So, if not canoelled in this life, it must be suffered in the next. And this iB purgatory. 4\. Purgatory, then, is a place of suffering, in which souls departing in grace pay, before entering heaven, the debt of punishment due for past sins. 6\. On the subject of pnrgatory only two doctrines are solemnly defined as of faith. First, that there is a purgatory in whioh the debt of temporal punishment due to sin is discharged. Secondly, that the souls detained there are relieved by the suffrages of the faithful, but especially by the holy Sacrifice of the Mass. Besides these two points there are several others of deep interest, on some of whioh we have absolute certainty, moral certainty, though not the certainty of faith. On others we have a strong probability; on others we are left completely in the dark, and oannot form any opinion. § 1. THE POSITION OP PUBGATOBY. 6\. According to the common doctrines of theologians, the prison of pnrgatory is subterraneous, situate somewhere in the bowels of the earth; but in what definite place, whether olose to hell, as some theologians hold, or remote from it, is absolutely uncertain. In the ordinary providence of God (" secundum legem communem," St. Thomas), the souls, in going through the term of expiation, are confined to this prison. It is not, however, very improbable, at least it is a perfectly free opinion, that by a special ordinance of God, for special reasons known to Him, some souls undergo their purgatory in certain places on the earth. $ 2 THE FAINS OF PUBGATOBY. 7\. These pains, like the pains of hell, ore twofold—the pain of sense (" poena sensus") and the pain of loss (" poena damni"). That the souls in purgatory, as in hell, suffer the torture of real and material fire, though controverted by the Greeks in the Council of Florence, has been always the firm and unanimous doctrine of our theologians. This doctrine, though not defined as of faith, is, nevertheless, absolutely certain. The denial of it, I have no doubt, would merit at least the theological censure of " temerity." 8\. The pain of IOBS arises from two sources, two privations of supreme felicity. The first privation is that of the joys of heaven, especially of the beatific vision, whioh constitutes the essential happiness, the happiness, of that realm of bliss. AH theologians hold that in the damned this pain of loss is greater than the pain of sense ("praecipua miseria damnatorum," St. Thomas); though this, as regards the souls in purgatory, is bjr no means certain, yet their pain of loss is unspeakably exoruciating. It is immensely store so than any snch pain that can be felt in this life, felt even by souls most holy and mbst ardently united to God and most longing "to be dissolved and to be with Christ." This in the present life, caged as we are in our prison-house of clay, we cannot comprehend, we cannot realise to ourselves. The stfal Bees now only through sense, "in a dark manner;" disembodied, it sees things of the spiritual order as they are.. 9\. The Beoond pain of loss arises from the consideration of wasted time, of merits irrecoverably lost; from a consideration of the_ innumerable and daily occasions, on •which, without trouble and almost without effort, works of merit might have^ been performed—work, that is, producing in the, soul a constant increase of sanctifying gracte and a constant right, to an ever-growing additional glory and l>eatitude in heaven, lasting lor all eternity—a short prayer, 'a silent aspiration, a' little alms,' a slight Mortification (see below, n. 29, 30). But the times without number in whioh these easy, things might have been done were thoughtessly and carelessly allowed to pass away, and the golden fruits that might have been ered- from them loBt for ever 1 mote. ' _ with great probability, holds that tis pain of loss is,the more galling of the two. , The former loss will soon be repaired, and the reparation will last eternal, ever ftesh and new; hut this loss is irwpiable, F l will never be repaired. 10\. Lessius ("most learned," !J? 9t,y 081,8 hitn ) hol^ as very probable that not all the souls, who aft£ death are for a time detained from the beatific vision, suffer also the punishment of nre. 1 his may be weU supposed of saints afterwards oanonised by the Church, and of others who after leading very holy lives, have no fully deliberate venial sins to atone for, but only a few of those venial imperfections, from which, according to defined doctrine, even the holiest are not altogether exempt. Private revelations to this effect are quoted by theologians. A very remarkable one is recorded in the beautiful life of Ht. Mary Magdalen de Pazzis (F. Faber' Uratonan Lives), page 119. 11\. There is a moot question, which I leave untouched, as to the comparative seventy of certain Durgatorial pains and the pains of this life. But all theologians are °f I 66 4 the smalleBt i P ai ns in purgatory of both sense and loss combined are severer than the severest pain we are capable of suffering in the flesh. 12\. It is the common opinion of theologians, after St. Thomas, and a most consoling opinion it is, that the souls in purgatory are not, like those in hell, tortured by devils ; that the spirits of evil are not per- mitted to enter that abode, which, though an abode of exquisite suffering, is also the dwelling-place only of those who are perfectly pure and sinless, who love God with an intense and enduring love, and will so love Him for all eternity. § 3. DUBATION OP THE PAINS OF PUBGATOBY, 13\. The following propositions are certain. 1\. After the last judgment purgatory shall cease to exist. 2. No soul is ever released from purgatory until it shall have paid "the last farthing;" until it shall have fully satisfied the requirement of divine justice, either by its own suffering or through the intercession and suffrages of others (as below, § 5). 3. Every soul, on the instant in which this debt is fully paid, passes at once into the enjoyment of heaven. 4. The period of suffering is not the same for all; for some it is longer, for others shorter. 5. Many souls have, before the day of general judgment, fully paid their debt, and are transferred to eaven. 14\. Beyond those points nothing is certain. Some souls may suffer there for years, some for generations, some for centuries. What ay bo conjectured, what may be considered s more or less profitable in this or that articular case, for example, in the case of ne who has led a ; very holy and mortified ife, and died a very holy death, it were idle o speculate. Only on the saints formerly anonised by the Church, or worshiped by he Church, have we an infallible certainty hat they are in heaven, 4\. THE SPIBITUAL 8TATB OF THE SOULS IN PUBGATOBY. 15\. The following propositions are oertain: •1. The souls in purgatory are so perfectly confirmed in grace that they are incapable of sinning. They cannot commit even the least venial sin. 2. On the other hand, as the time for meriting terminates with this life, they can no longer merit. 3. They have an absolute and unclouded certainty of their own salvation. 4. They exercise aots of Christian virtue, especially of charity. 5\. Their wills are always perfectly conformed to the will of God. 16\. In referenoe to this last proposition t is true that these souls ardently long for the day of their deliverance. But it is an ardent longing, accompanied with an ardent love and entire resignation. Even .in this life a man may most earnestly desire a deliverance from some painful illness or some heavy oalamity, and even pray fervently for such deliverance, and yet be quite resigned to God's will, and bear his sufferings not only with' Chnstian patience but even, as the martyrs did, with joy.| 17\. Owing, perhaps, to some expressions, not, however, so decided of St. Thomas, several theologians held that the souls in purgatory do not pray for us, and that consequently we should not pray to them. Other theologians, however, have adopted the opposite view.' Suarezaffirms that, praotically, he has no doubt of the propriety and utility of praying to them. Of the modern theologians who have touched on this question, and whom I had the means of consulting, all are unanimous in favour of this opinion. The theological argument for it is Btrong. 18\. But, whatever may be said on this matter, one thing I hold is absolutely certain. The souls after entering heaven will pray specially and with speoial fervour for those who by pious suffrages had relieved them in the day of their suffering. And this brings me to the last and perhaps most interesting consideration oonueoted with the subjeot of the present paper. § 5. SUFFRAGES FOB THE B0TTH3 IN PUBGATOBY 19\. (The suffrages or aids from which these souls obtain relief are of four kinds:—1. the. Sacrifice of the Mass; 2. prayer; 3. all other works of satisfaction; 4. Indulgences. Of these, the first is the most powerful and efficacious. For some it may be useful to remade - here that all works perforated by us in a state of grace, proceeding from graoe, and ..being In thenature 6JE prayers of petition, have a threefold effect.. Take, for example, the. Lord's Prayer. Offering up this prayer I, first of all, reoeive actual graoe, that is, Divine md, enabling me' to perform either g6od works in general or , particular good works for the performknoe of which I specially pray, e.g., for making an act of contrition, for overcoming a present or future temptation. Such graoe I obtain by the prayer (as impetratory), as a prayer, as a petition, according to the promise (" Ask and you shall receive ") repeated in the Scripture so often and in so many forms. Seoondly, I reoeive an increase of merit, that is, as stated above, an additional sanotifying grace here, and, if I die in grace, an additional glory in heaven. Thirdly, the prayer is a work of satisfaction, that is, I obtain a diminution of the temporal punishment due, in this life or in purgatory, for my past forgiven sins. 21\. Now, these three effects are distinct each from the others, and quite independent of each other. Thus the prayer is meritorious all the same, and jnst as much as if it had no effect of impetration or satisfaction. But this is so only in the just. A person in a state of sin cannot perform a work either of merit or satisfaction; by fervent prayer, however, he oan obtain, and obtain infallibly, the grace of repentance. His prayer, therefore, has, so far, the first effect, but not the second or third. The prayer of the just man has all three, and always has them. 22\. Having premised thus much, I proceed to state what I consider to be useful for the simple faithful to know—passing over certain scholastic points more suited to the attention of the theological student, for whom I am not writing. 23\. 1st. Not only works in themselves, and in their own nature painful, such as fasting, but all works performed in a state of graoe, and from graoe, are works of satisfaction. That is, every work of this kind done by me diminishes the amount of temporal punishment due by me. Some or many of these works may be in themselves agreeable and pleasing; for example, psalmody; but as supernatural works—as works done, not as an agreeable exercise, not to gratify one's self or others, but as devotional acts, as a duty—there is pulling' against them the heavy drag of fallen nature, which only grace can overcome. There is a similar distinction between acts of a purely natural order. A work which, performed of our own choice, is highly agreeable and even delightful, done under command becomes a burden. 24\. 2nd. All such works, as expiatory, as works of satisfaction, may be applied with effect, not only to the souls in purgatory, but also to the living. I can offer up suoh works for the diminution of the temporal punishment due for the pardoned sins of any one. Examples of such vicarious atonement are found in the lives of the saints. 25\. But, 3rd, in doing so, I deprive myself of all the expiatory fruit thus transferred. 4th. I retain, however, the fall merit of the same work. This, indeed, I cannot transfer to another; the increase of habitual grace and of future glory, due to a meritorious work, is given all and exclusively to him who does the work. Nay, the meritorious fruit of the work, whose expiatory 'fruit has been thus transferred, is thereby augmented; such transfer being.a work of exalted oharitv. So that he who thus applies his work of satisfaction, though not gaining an abridgment of his own purgatorial suffering, yet wins for himself a higher place in heaven. That is, for a temporary suffering he gains a reward to be enjoyed for eternity. 26\. 5th. Prayer has been mentioned as a distinct suffrage j beoause, while like, other ood works done in grace, it has its expiatory effect, it has also its effect as prayer, its mpetratory effect. Thus, when we pray for the dead, offering for them all the fruits of ur prayers, we gain for them a twofold elief: one by our prayer as prayer; the ther by our prayer as expiatory. 27\. 6th. It seems to be the unanimous and quite certain doctrine of theologians, that suffrages offered for us while living, especially for ourselves by ourselves, are of far greater benefit to us in the way of satisfaction than the same offered for us after our death. Some grave authorities speak of the different effects of these two suffrages as immense, indeed, quite startling. 28\. Other interesting questions on this subjeot are discussed by our theologians. I shall, however, olose here with one practical remark. 29\. Every work, even the smallest, done with the conditions required for merit, has its reward. What act of ours can, as an act of charity, appear smaller than giving a cup of water? Yet "whosoever shall give yon a drink, a cup of water in my name, beoause you belong to Christ: Amen, I say to- you, he shall not lose his reward" (Mark ix. 40). All such works are, as has been said, expiatory as well as meritorious. Now, all the indulgences contained in that wonderful treasure, the Raccolta, are applicable to the souls in pnrgatory. Several, very mnay indeed, of these indulgences are attached to short prayers, some of whioh may be recited in a minute; some in a few seoonds. I will give a few examples, as they lie in the American translation, published by the Jesuit College of Woodstock in 1880; this translation having been.expressly "authorised and Indulgences. 30\. Every time the sign-.of the cross is made with the invocation, "In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost," an indulgence of 60 days. Every time theaame sign is made with holy water and the jsaine Jnymatap, 100 days .(n. 6). Every time, the ejaculation, " My Jesus, mproj," is said, 100 days (n. 29). Eveiy time we say fche^ejaculation," Jesus, myGod, I love Ttee above all.things," 60 days, (h.. 31),"Tor .saying ' the ejaoplaition, " Jesus, meek and humble of. hearty makn my heart, like iintQ Thine "'300 days, onoe a day (n. 85). For eveiy time, wq say the prayer ot St. Bernard, "^r^orare/' etc. (300 days fn. 98). Thesame for every time we say tne ejaculation, "Sweet heart of Mary,, be iriy salvation." (A. 112). Let' theie fcxamplee P. MBSB«. 