CHAPTER Y.-" LOOK ON THIS PICTURE-THEN ?'?y¡ ? ON THAT." ' Oñ' tuát 'sarno storuiy evening on which Mr. and Mvs.; Van Scnill er heard from their lawyer; the story of the reappearance of the woman who had given the family so much trouble, over on Jorsy City Heights, another little scene'¡was being enacted. ? ; :v:'' It was in tho modest little:house wWchIlarold's kindness had secured to Mts. Sussex and her two growing daughters. , ,.:-<.?( nj On thc previous day tho mother had received a note from Herbert Dale, dated in New York city, saying that there were some hopes that her daughter Eegina was not dead, as they had all supposed, and that she Bhould hear from him farther in the course of 24 hours. The reader can free that this was ordered by Regina, to prevent the disastrous shock of too sudden an announcement. That evening came another note saying that she had been heard from in Australia. This morning had come the third, saying that it was positivo that Regina Van Schiller was alive, had returned from Australia, and was now in New York. He, Mr. Dale, had seen and talked with her, and Mrs. Sussex might expect her that evening. And now the amazed, unnerved but overjoyed trio, with the house all alight, and a hot supper waiting to be served at the proper time, were listening for the roll of wheels, if perchance they should be audible through rain and hail. They heard the expected sound, and before tho door-bell could be rung the dcor was thrown open and her young sisters were clinging, in a burst of sobs and laughter, about Regina's neck-Regina, that idolised ono, who had ever boen to thom an ideal of lovely perfection, and whose loss had so bered and saddened them more than she could have thought when she left them so long to be lieve her dead. " You will not allow mo to touch her," com plained Mrs. Sussex, weak and complaining as usual,trembling all over, trying to reach her child through the net-work of their embraces. "Never mind, mother, here I am," spoke Re gina, in her calm, sweet voice, reaching over tho young heads to kiss her parent, with the old, bright smile which had been the family sunshine. " Oh, Heavenly Father !" murmured the mo ther, bursting into tears, and sinking into a chair. "?Why, aren't you glad to see me ?" asked Regina. " Ah, my child ! This is a cruel jest you played upon us ! Almost two years I have mourned you dead. What tdoes it mean P What does it mean ?" " It was a hard necessity, mamma. Oh, I am so sorry ! I was so sorry for you all the time. I would have done differently had it been prudent and possible. It was for all our sakes, not mine alone, that I refrained. And now, mamma, I mean to triumph yet ! They thought they had crushed me !-puttlie troublesome creature under foot! Yet, hero I am, with proofs of all my rights. They shall acknowledge me, my name, my rights ! They shall do mo justico !" Her hat had become loosened and fallen on the floor. She threw back her proud head with the motion they all remembered so well; her pale cheeks glowed, her eyes flashed. It was their own superb Regina, and tho sisters wiped their eyes to gaze at her with tho old admiration. What an hour that was which followed ! N t much that was coherent was said-it was only caresses and exclamations. After that the young housekeepers bethought themselves of tho sup per, in danger of spoiling from long delay. Re gina was dragged into the little dining-room, and as the surprise of her own existence was not so great to her ÜB to them, Bhe ate heartily of thtj dainties they had prepared, to their intenso"do-T light and gratification. ?..?.^vv*'**-f " It was nearly midnight when they left the table where Regina had told her story to her interested listeners. She then dismissed her sisters to bed, with a kiss, for she had yet many things to say to her mother. "I cannot get a home and take you to it yet, ; : mother," she said. " You can remain here if you * like, and I will defray tho expenses, for of course ' Mr. Van Schiller will now withhold his aid. You..,] need feel under no obligation, except for his kindness, as the money he has given you was mine. I shall have to bo very economical until . after my suit is gained, and I have but little means left with which to prosecute it, and to live on ab the same time. I have brought Mr. Dale over as my jH'incipal witness, and af terward to become my business agent. He risks what little . he: has in loaning it all to me. However, our .. success is certain ; it is simply to provo that my.... marriage was legal. It will not be necessary for me to defend my reasons for leaving my first .? husband, nor for marrying so soon after his death.' ,: If he was dead on the day I married Mr. Van ¿ Schiller, that is enough. He was, and it is easily ? > proved. Oh, mother, mother ! I am so tired.1 I"\ wojuld give up the whole thing were it not that il'',', ani bound to claim my rights as tho means of ?showing that I have them, I will not.be wronged, ^landered, driven away like; a criminal. Once I i would have returned almost all tho estato to his children} now I am bound to gain and, hold it, to* = . show them how unjust and cruel they have been - . ,to me. For the present it is convenient for me to reside;in Now York. I shall take modest rooms at some family hotel, as I believe it will bo for , my interest not to hide myself entirely from the public. I shall come to see you as often as possi ble, and wish you and my sisters to remain, v, quietly here until my suit is tried. It is to come: ,.t.-; on in about two weeks, and I shall be very busy. /. until after it is over. Pray for me, dear mamma, with all your might, that I may have justice done me. And now I'will try and sleep a little, for; I must return to1 the'city immediately after breakfast." »V- ' . The next morning their regained treasure left.! j them for the present to prdsecute, her business in, ¡ ; New York, and from thenceforward, for some time, the members of the little family lived on f the'momory of her visit and her bright promises?' for the future. ' Herbert Dale warned Mrs. Van Schiller se nior (as she now called and signed her name) that the defendants were preparing to make a , desperate opposition ; but she was not greatly ,. ; troubled, for had she not indubitable facts, which all the persecution in the world could not get rid of? Nothing wa3 easier than to pr "ve'' the fact of the death before tho second marriage.1 ' ' You see, Regina was fighting not only for a great'''1 fortune, but for reputation, honour, everything^; dear in lifo. « >n\\\\\ J The rumour of tho resuscitation of,! tho -suicide>v ? adventuress and her daring suit crept about in society and got into the papers. , "When the day for the prosecution finally arrived . ' a great crowd of all. classes of people testified to ' the interest in the exciting affair. Mrs. Hamilton and Mrs. Van Schiller, junior, had been eloquent in their indignant denuncia- : tion of the impostoi', and their friends were on* hand to see how the matter would end. All the... daily papers sent reporters, and those who had; v.i nothing better to do went to be; amused and pass the time. In the midst of a grand mass of listeners, Herr"' bert Dale swore "to the1 circumstancesi'of Col., <r Albert Chumley's deaths including the day and. ' hour ; and producing confirmatory ovidence from: ¡ some of the j best citizens of Melbourne-'their; written testimony, signed, and sworn to before a notary. The defence brought forward Charles Bost wick. When she met the glance of his evil eye, as he took his place on the witness stand, Regina ; 1 received the first intimation that ho had returned ' ; to this country. He had followed her by the next 1 ship Avhen she left Australia, and kept himself;' out of her sight since his arrival, for fear of arrest . for the abduction of poor little Beatrice. He swore that the witness for the plaintiff ; had written to him that Col. Chumley died on ' '??/?. the 2Sfch of September- that Mrs. Col. Chumloy knew he had that letter, and, in (order to bring ' ' the suit with safety, had abstracted from bis* ' pocket tho letter containing tho statement, and that he believed that Mr. Dale had perjured himself, having been bribed to do so by ofi'erB of large sums of money by the plaintiff. He believed the affidavits of the leading citi zens of Melbourne to have been forged for tho ', occasion, «tc, «tc. Of course the plaintiff's lawyer interfered to ?"" prevent suppositions being taken for facts, but the lawyer for the defendants made so greata point of this possibility that the judgo finally postponed coming to any decision in the suit.... until evidence, confirmatory or otherwise, could , be obtained from Melbourne Regina, moantimo, had endeavoured to produce the letter which Bostwick had so shamelessly altered, to show the alteration ma.de in it, in court; but, to her astonishment, had found it', , missing from the box of papers in which she kept. . it. She had no doubt that he had bribed the chambermaid who had charge of her rooms at the hotel to procure it for him, and charged.her with ; . having done so, bub procured no satisfaction. -?. Her lawyer was deeply disappointed at this IOSB, which alone had caused tho delay in tho judge's decision. It wa3 mortifying to him as well as to his client V -this delay of at least six months. But he was so confident of the final issue that iio offered to loan her all the money she wanted. ? '.Vf, She would nob borrow, but went quietly over: .' i to Jorsey City Heights, and lived with hor mo-y-'i ther in tho plainest manner. ! "j All summer her lawyer gave a good deál of '. attention to her caso, feeling himself fully pre- ;' . ? pared, when the suit came on again, to provo that'., ,j L Bostwick was a man of bad character: and a per > jured villain. > Meantime, Charlea Bostwick, seeming to develop W usé greater capacity for cunning and mean jjfäsBY made many approaches to the two ladies niÖst interested in defending the suit. He told them, under tho seal of confidence, that in case Mrs. Charnley won her suit, he could still show them a way to "block her game," as he ex pressed it. He hinted very vaguely as to what that way would be, making them turn cold with horror, merely to approach the shadow of that at which he hinted. He made them promise to say nothing to their husbands as yet, but to await the issue of the suit before bringing forward this new thing ; and they, woman-like, had yielded to his influence, and promised. Once only during those six months of weary waiting did Regina see the man whom she had once loved, and from whom she was now as fully parted as if [the waves did really moan above her grave. She had been on the wit ness-stand on the day of the suit, and had seen that Harold was in court, but she had given him but a hasty glance through the thick veil which she had only raised while she was testi fyiug> to drop as soon as she had ceased speaking. They met once, by the merest chance, in a pic ture-gallery. It was seldom that Regina went out at all j when she did sho was always very plainly dressed and closely veiled. She was biding the hour of her triumph, and cared not to appear before a world still at liberty to insult and con demn her. The tedious seclusion was very irksome to one of her temperament ; and being passionately fond of good pictures, she was tempted one day in May, before the exhibition closed, to visit it, and pass an afternoon of quiet enjoyment. She had thrown back her veil and, seated m a chair, with her back to the other visitors loiter ing about the hall, she was examining a small sea-piece, painted by ono of our rising young artists, and pronounced by the best judges to be a work of great merit. No wonder that Regina found it fascinating ! It was named in the cata logue "Newport Bay," and there, hanging over the dull green water which was on the point of being lashed _into foam, under a sky suddenly clouding into a summer tempest, were the very rocks^ where once she had enacted her part in a certain drama. To find the scene here, thus un expectedly before her very eyes, stirred a terri ble tumult in her nature. She had thought that she had lived down all that passionate past. She had learned to despise herself for the part she had ¡played in pleading with that cold- hearted man. But now, why were her cheeks as pale as snow j why did her breath come fast, her bosom throb, her fingers close into the palms of her hands P By that strange influence which no one has yet accounted for, which draws our gaze to meet that \- of another when steadily fixed on us, ßhe, lost in tumultuous memories, at last looked up to see him standing near, looking at her as she at the pic ture, with such a pallid and startled look-such a look of longing, of suffering, of sorrow, of love ! She had surprised the look there. Instantly, on meeting her eyes, Harold remembered what he was, what his duties were. He mastered himself by a superhuman effort and turned away. She drew down her veil, and shortly after, turning to leave, she saw his wife leaning iupon his arm, while he, with apparent interest, was pointing out to her tho beauties of one of James Hart's landscapes-he had not even betrayed to her that the presence of some one in the hall had threat ened to destroy his self-possession. Regina watched them both for a moment, while she pretended to button her gloves. She was calm now herself, and only intensely vexed that he should have found her before that picture. She desired to deny the story which had been written jon her face ; and as she saw Mrs. Van Schiller ¡^absorbed in the landscape, Bhe threw back her veil in passing, and gave him one scorn ful smile out of her diamond eyes. How; young, how elegant, how peerless she was ! Younger than ever, with those ripples of infan tile curls about her white brow, soft and golden as those of a babe. She looked more like a girl of 18 than a woman of 21 who had been married. Those proud, scornful eyes stung him to his very soul. 'They made him feel that he was treating her ungenerously-that he was injuring a de fenceless woman. Whenever he saw Regina he believed in her. It was only when removed from the spell of her presence that tho poison of slander, and the wit ness of dark facts in her life, had any power over his judgment of her. She j passed on like a princess, leaving him confounded, like a slave. "What is the matter with you, Harold ?" Sallie asked, five minutes after Regina had left the hall -she had perceived nothing pf. the meeting of these two, whom she would fain have kept far apart. " I think it very close and oppressive in here, Sallie.! It is getting loo warm to be pleasant in picture galleries. I am tired of the city, anyway. Suppose wo. go out to our country-seat to-morrow, and stay there a month, before getting ready for Newport. Tho change will be beneficial to you, my dear. You aro too languid these days." " I shall like it, if you wish to go. But I hope you are not going to bo ill, Harold. You look like a ghost.'' Harold thought that he had just seen one ; but he fought manfully against crowding memories, trying to think only of the devoted wife by his side. ' Poor Sallio! the once triumphant belle, the beautiful girl, who had had lovers at her feet by the score-could it be that she was to pine for the want of. her husband's love P She guessed not the struggle of contending feeling, which it was his effort to conceal, as they drove home in their carriage. Harold's sense of honour had over been a high one. Ho was not easily tempted to do a wrong, ¿oyen in thought. Circumstances beyond his con trol hal involved him in a duplex fate. Ho know t%at he still lovod the woman he thought dead when he married his wife, but no other hum-in being should know it-not she who had returned to punish him with this consciousness-roost of all, not she who hore the name of wife, who loved, who trusted him. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 