K I S l¥l ET. Chapter I. — Washington Heights. N the 10th day of May, 1873, the following j fT" paragraph appeared in the New York Herald : £| (< "A Missing Heir. " John Essex Middleton. formerly a well- known merchant of this city, died at his residence on j Washington Heights yesterday. Mr. Middleton was born iu 1793, and was for many years favor ably known as a merchant of great enterprise and sagacity, ranking highly among the leading com mercial men of his time. He was formerly large ly engaged in the coffee trade between Rio Janeiro, I'hiladel- ' phia and New York. He leaves a large fortune, to the disposition of which considerable interest attaches. By will, dated in 1835, his entire propertj1, was left to his two sons, George and Henry Middleton, the former of whom died three years ago intestate, leaving an only child, Robert. Henry Middleton went to England in 1843, and is believed to have soon afterward entered the British army, since which all trace of him lias been lost by his relatives in the United States. Immediate measures are about to be instituted by his grand son, Mr. Robert Middleton, to ascertain the whereabouts of Henry Middleton or his heirs, to whom one-half of the large Middleton estate is now due." On the 22nd of June, and for three months after ward, the following advertisement appeared in the lead ing papers in London, Paris, and New York : " A liberal reward will be paid for information of the whereabouts of Henry Middleton, youngest son of the late John E. Middleton, of New York, or for authentic evidence of his decease. He is believed to have entered the British army about the year 1844. His heirs "or any persons having reliable information concerning him, will find it to their advantage to communicate at once with Bigelow & Daniels, attorneys for Robert Middleton, 10, Wall Street, New York." If Robert Middleton had been a poor man, he might have been a scholar, an artist, a musician. His wealth fixed him for all his life in the ranks of the dilettanti. He dabbled in the arts and sciences, taking up one after the other as the whim seized him, and throwing it aside for whatever new pursuit engaged his capricious fancy. In personal appearance he was good-looking — tall, fair, and twenty-eight years of age. In character he was amiable, impulsive and generous — a signal, example of a youth born rich and unspoiled by fortune. On the 7th day of July, 1873, at about three o'clock in the afternoon, Robert Middleton sat in an easy-chair in his library, reading. The large window was open, and a cool breeze from beyond the Hudson came softly in and fluttered the leaves of the book as he turned the pages. The door opening into the library from the hall was closed. Beyond the library was a similar room, used by Middleton as a studio, a laboratory, or a study, access to which could only be had from the library, and by means of a door which stood open directly opposite where Middleton was sitting. Prom his chair, as lie looked up from his reading, nearly the whole of this inner room was within his view. The book which he was perusing was " Lalla Rookh.'' The afternoon was drowsy, and the story seemed dull. Middleton turned over the leaves carelessly and yawned. At last he cast the book aside and glanced upward. As he did so his eyes fell upon his writing-desk in the room beyond, and also upon an object whose presence there was most extraordinary and unaccountable. At his desk, with her back towards him, was seated a young girl, apparently engaged in writing. Her costume was rich and strange, but Middleton did not notice her dress so much as the beauty of her figure as she bent over her occupation. Upon her head was a headdress of small gold coins, from beneath which fell a dark mass of rich waving hair that enveloped her shoulders as iir a cloud. For a moment Middleton could not credit his senses. He sprang to his feet and rubbed his eyes. It was im possible that any person could have passed through the library without his knowledge. He had himself been seated at the desk not twenty minutes previously, and when he had sat down to read, both rooms were without any occupant other than himself. How then did the stranger get access ? Though greatly surprised and puzzled, Middleton lost no time in conjecture, but stepped quickly to the thresh old. The figure at the desk looked up, and turned to ward him a face that seemed to him more lovely than any he could have believed possible upon this unhappy earth. Middleton advanced in some embarrassment, and was about to speak, but his voice failed him. He put out his hand to touch his visitor on the shoulder. " Well, old fellow, what's the news ? " It was the voice of Ned Markham at his elbow. Middleton turned quickly to greet, with a nod, the new comer, and immediately looked again towards the desk. The young girl had disayrpearcd ! He staggered back, thoroughly frightened and bewildered. " Where has she gone ? " he cried to Markham. " Hid you pass anyone as you came in ? " " Not a soul," replied Ned. " The library was empty, so I came in here. " No one has passed that door since you entered V " asked Middleton, excitedly. " No one. That I'll swear, for I'm standing on the threshold. Why, my dear boy, what is the matter with you? You look as if you had seen your grandfather's ghost.'' " I have seen," said Middleton, sinking into a chair, " a houri." "Well, well, well," said Markham ; "how sorry I am that I didn't get here soon enough to see her, too ! What are you talking about ? " " I sat," explained Middleton, " in that chair in the library, reading. I looked up from my book and saw, through the. open door, a woman at the desk here writ ing. Whence she came, or by what means, I cannot conceive. She was dressed like an Oriental princess. She was beautiful as the heavens ! I sprang forward to address her, but could not. I put out my hand to touch her and she was gone. I cannot understand it. It is a most extraordinary occurrence. If I were super stitious, it would frighten me." " What book were you reading when you saw this ecstatic vision ? " asked Markham. "It was no vision — it was real! The book was Lalla Rcokh.' " Markham smiled. " I sec nothing extraordinary about this," lie said, seating himself. "It can be explained very simply. Let us see. My friend Robert Middleton has been all his life afflicted with that troublesome complaint known as ' nothing to do.' In his endeavors to kill time he becomes what every man in a similar circumstance becomes — a dreamer. His mind becomes filled with abnormal fancies. Finding nothing in this world to engage his attention, he creates an imaginary world of his own, and lives in it. He falls asleep on a warm afternoon-, while reading ' Lalla Rookh.' Naturally he dreams of Fadladeen, Feramorz and houris. The noise I make in coming up the stairs only partially awakes him. In the half-conscious bewildered state of his mind he is well aware of his whereabouts and surround ings, but the creatures of his dream persist, in associa ting themselves with familiar-objects. In this half-awake condition he imagines that he Sees Lalla Rookh writing in his back-room — the desk being the first object to meet his gaze on opening his eyes. Why, my dear fellow," continued Markham, bending over and slapping Middle- ton on the knee, " you were not thoroughly awake until I spoke to you." Middleton shook his head. " All very plausible," he said gravely ; " but I know that I was not asleep. I have not closed my eyes. I ' was as wide awake as I am now, and I saw the figure as plainly as I now see you. And here," he exclaimed, springing suddenly to the desk, "is the proof! Look here ! " He took from the desk a sheet of paper. On it was inscribed in a neat feminine hand : " Lat. 26 deg. 17 mill., N. Long. 81 deg. 33 min. E." Markham arose and looked at the paper closely. " One of your house-servants writes a very pretty hand," he said. "I toll you Markham,'' said Middleton, a little angry, " you are entirely wrong. No servant has access to these rooms except the housekeeper. Look ! the ink in the pen is still wet." " All nonsense, my boy," replied Markham. " You have doubtless yourself been writing here since the ink had time to dry. As for that nautical conundrum, it was probably on the paper when you bought it, and has only just come to your notice." Middleton was silent for a moment, and seemed lost in thought. At last he said : " Where is latitude twenty-six north, and longitude eighty-one cast ? " " Blessed if I know," replied Ned. " Suppose you look at the map." Middleton went into the library, and let down from its roller a large and beautiful map of Asia. " It should be at the antipodes," he said. " It is. It is in India, and not far from the city of Lucknow." " ' Lalla Rookh ' again, said Ned. " Is it possible that you wrote that nonsense in your sleep ? " " Ned," said Middleton, " you know I have reques ted you to go with me to Europe, to aid me in the search for my uncle. We will extend our journey further. We will go to Lucknow." " Go — to Lucknow ! " exclaimed Ned, falling back in amazement. "Well," said Markham, with a sigh of resignation, " I have no objection to going to India — in fact, I would enjoy it immensely — but I positively decline to undertake to place myself precisely at latitude twenty-six — what do you call it ? It may be the peak of some inacces sible mountain, or the bottom of the Ganges. And now, old boy, banish this meagrim and come out for a walk. If you don't, I won't go with you to India, or anywhere else." CHAPTER II. l u d g a t e hill . A cheerless, foggy Autumn evening had settled down upon the streets of London. In a snug upper room in a snug coffee-house on Ludgate Hill, Ned Markham sat before a cheerful soft-coal fire, reflectively sipping a mug of warm whisky- toddy and reading the London Times. When you are in London, you must do as the British do," thought Ned — a motto upon which he had invariably acted since his arrival. Markham had finished the news items and commen ced on the advertisements when the door opened and Middleton entered, looking tiled and rather pale and haggard. " Hero you are at last ! " exclaimed Markham, jump ing up. " I thought you were never coining. Sit up by the fire and have some toddy, and take off that wot coat." Middleton threw off his coat, and drew up a chair to the lire. " Well," said Markham, after pouring out a glass of the fragrant liquor for his companion, " how have you succeeded ? Have you made any discoveries ? " " Yes," replied Middleton, " I have. After spending the entire day at the Horse Guards and the Foreign Office, and examining tons of musty records and bushels of papers, I have at last found what became of my uncle, Henry Middleton." " And where is he? " asked Markham, leaning forward with interest. " He is dead." Markham drew back with a si»h of relief. ; " I expected as much," he said " and so, I suppose, did you. My dear fellow, 1 am sorry for your bereave ment, in the loss of an uncle that you never knew, but I congratulate you. You are sole owner of your grand father's estate." " Perhaps not," replied Middleton. " I have found that my uncle married, and may have left heirs." " Ah ! So now we must hunt for the heirs." "Yes. Henry Middleton, as we supposed, entered the British army. He married here in England, and soon afterward received a commission as major, and was attached to the Fourteenth Fusiliers. The regiment was sent to India." " To India ! " exclaimed Markham, starting. " To India, sir ! " exclaimed Middleton, reaching for his glass with a nervous hand. " He took his young wife with him, and was for a time stationed at Madras, where he is known to have at least one child. Tier name appears in the commissary list as Rose Middleton. At the outbreak of the Sepoy rebellion he was sent to the front, and was killed while leading a charge, at the head of his regiment. All traces of his wife and child are lost." " Where was he killed ? " asked Markham, sipping his glass reflectively. Middleton arose and leaned upon the mantelpiece before replying. His face, in the flickering firelight, looked more unreal than ever, as he replied : " At the siege of Lucknow." Markham dropped his empty glass and spoon upon the floor, and stooped to recover them. When he looked up again at Middleton, there was a smile upon his face. " At latitude twenty-six north, longitude eighty.-onc east, I suppose," he said. But Middleton did not hear him. With his arms still upon the mantel, his eyes were fixed intently upon some object at the further end of the room. "We are not alone," he whispered, pointing towards the window. Markham looked in the direction indicated by Middle- ton's outstretched finger. At the lower end of the apartment stood a young girl, among the shadows, yet distinctly visible in the ruddy firelight. Her eyes were bent upon Middleton with a look almost as intent as his own. Her figure was lithe and graceful, and her face, as it was turned toward them, seemed beautiful as those that are sometimes seen in dreams. ' For a moment she stood gazing earnestly and sadly at the two young men ; then she turned away, and, parting the drapery curtains before the window, disap peared behind them. Middleton and his companion sprang to tlie window instantly. The space behind the curtains was empty. The window, which was partly raised, opened upon a small balconj, not six feet in length. Upon this Mark ham stepped and looked over into the street below. The distance to the ground was not less than forty-feet. The balcony, too, was empty. The dark mass of iSt. Paul's loomed against 'the murky sky ; the dull roar of the streets filled their cars, while up from the river and through the narrow and crooked byways that lay between Cheapside and (lie. Thames came a damp chill that seemed to' penetrate their very bones, and sent them shuddering back to the fire. " It was she whom I saw that day at homo," said Middleton, hoarsely. " Ho you believe me now ? " Markham took several turns around the room before replying. At last he stood before the fire, and said : " No. I do not believe, any more than 1 did then, that you have seen anything that can be called supernatural." " Although you, too, have seen it." " Although I, too, have seen, or think I have, pre cisely what you have seen my boy," continued Markham, " I see no reason why this cannot all be naturally accounted for. You dream an absurd dream and per sist that it isn't a dream. You associate with' it all that infernal nonsense about latitude and longitude that somebody left on your desk. You find that a barbarous place in India has some correspondence with that geo graphical conundrum, and immediately set out to go there. You come home to-night tired almost to death, and in a highly nervous condition. The first mention of Lucknow immediately brings irto your mind a sort of reflex of your old dream, and in the excited state of your brain, stimulated by the whisky-toddy, you believe that you see a ghost. All whisky-toddy, old fellow ; all whisky-toddy." " But you saw it ! " exclaimed Middleton, impetuously, i "You saw it, and you have had no dream ! '' Middleton walked back trward the window, and, I stooping, picked up a scrap of paper from the carpet. Returning to the table he spread it out under the lamp. J It contained these words : " December 27th, 1873." J "Ho you believe now?" asked Middleton, holding/ up the paper before Markham's eyes. J " No," replied Markham ; " this is even more foolish! than your fancy about the other scrap. By-tne-waj , did you preserve the first one — that about latitude am 1 longitude, you know ? " " Yes," said Middleton, " I have it here." He took it from his wallet, and placed it on the table with the last. Middleton examined both pieces closely. The handwriting was identical / " Do you believe now ? " repeated Middleton, looking searchingly in his friend's face. Markham sank into a chair, with a face as white as Middleton's own. " Yes," he replied, huskily. " I believe now. Your convictions are something more than vagaries." CHAPTER III. lucknow. The sun — " the golden sun of Oude ! " — was setting on the thousand minarets and bulbous domes of Luck- now. It. was a peaceful scene and beautiful. Middle- ton and Markham, who had spent the entire day of their arrival in sight-seeing about the wonderful city, had not yet tired of its glittering splendor. Together they had visited the Imambarra, the Mar- tiniere, and the palace of the King of Oude. They had lounged under the peepul-trees, had listened to the tink ling of the fountains in the cool courtyards of the tomb of Azt.f-ed-Dowlah, and had watched the long procession of horses elephants, and pedestrians — all so novel and barbaric in their eyes — that crowded the narrow and winding streets. At sunset they bad ascen ded to the roof of their caravansary, and stood looking over the parapet at the entrancing panorama that lay spread before them. " By Jove ! " exclaimed Markham, " it's like a page out of the ' Arabian Nights.' " As the sun grew low, the flat roofs of the city became populous. Mussulman and Hindoo, Buddhist and Parsce, came forth from his dwelling to enjoy the cool evening air, while the frequent sound of laughter and the occasional flutter of a gayly-colored robe betokened the presence of his children, or of the ladies of his zenana. The roof of the caravansary overlooked many of the more distant buildings, but those nearer at hand were jealously screened by high walls, which completely shut out all intrusion from curious eyes. On the balcony of the English Residency, immediately opposite, a group of English ladies — the wives and daughters of the Resident and his staff — sat gaily chat ting and looking down the street. Markham sat upon the parapet, smoking a cigar, and leaning back against the high brick wall which separa ted the roof of the caravansary from the adjoining house. " Life over there should be pleasant," he said, nod ding toward the Residency. " By Jove ! we ought to call on the Resident and get acquainted with the ladies. Perhaps he would quarter us in the house, and that would be better than this beastly lodging." " 1 have already been over there," replied Middleton, quietly. "1 went there on our arrival, while you were settling with the driver of the post-garree." " The deuce you did ! And what sort of reception did you get ? " " I went there," said Middleton, " only to ascertain from the survey-maps, which I knew I would find there, the exact locality of latitude twenty-six degrees seven teen minutes north ; longitude, eighty-one degrees thirty-three minutes east." " And did you find out ? " " I did. It is, leaving out the fractions of a minute, the exact position of the Residency itself, and also of this caravansary." " Allah il Allah ! It is our kismet ! " exclaimed Markham, with more serious feeling than his outward manner implied. Middleton made no reply. Lost in his own reflec tions, he leaned over the parapet and gazed abstractedly down into the street, while Middleton smoked in silence. Suddenly there arose upon the still evening air the sound of a woman's voice. It was a fresh, girlish voice, and Caroline1 a molodv so soft, so sweet, so 7 0 v -- 7 ... j harmonious with the place and scene, that both the young men started upright and assumed an attitude of absorbed attention. The song was an English air, the words were Arabic. " Heavens," exclaimed Middleton. " The woman who possesses that voice must bo nothing less than an angel. I never heard anything so beautiful." " It is from the adjoining roof," said Markham, throwing aside his cigar and getting down from the parapet. " What a nuisance that confounded wall is." At the sound of their voices the song ceased, and Middleton motioned to Markham to be silent. Presently the song began again, but to a different air — a plaintive melody, and full of minor cadences that thrilled Middleton to his inmost soul. Middleton possessed a very fair tenor voice and a good ear., As soon as the air died away he repeated it from memory, but from improvised words of his own. When lie had finished there was silence for a time, and then the same melody was repeated on the opposite side of the wall. This was continued for some time, the singer first warbling a verse, and Middleton repeating it after her to words of his own improvisation, either in English or Arabic. " Do you understand the song? " asked Markham. " Partly. It is an Arab love-song. I am afraid, however, that she doesn't understand either my English or my Arabic. What a pity that when I learned to read it I couldn't also learn to pronounce it 1 " " Test her by saying, ' I love you,' " said Markham. " You will soon find out whether she understands you." " No, no ! " said Middleton ; " it might be too near the truth." He turned and placed his hands on his friend's shoulders. " Ned," he said, looking earnestly in Markham's eyes, " there is something in that voice that moves me most strangely. I know not what it is, but I feel to -night as though I were under the influence of a spell. Cost what it may, I will — I must — see the other side of that wall. Don't try to prevent me. That voice I have heard many times before — in my dreams. Nay, I have dreamed of this very scene — these plains, these distant minarets, this housetop, the setting sun, and your eyes looking into mine as they look now. Ned, do you know what day this is ? " " Yes," said Markham. " I had hoped that you would forget it. It is the 27th of December." " As you said just now," continued Middleton, " it is Fate that has brought us here. I feel, I know, that the solution, or at least the end, of this long mystery is close at hand. Help me to scale the wall." There was a large box upon the roof that had been made to form part of an extemporized divan. Placing this against the wall, Markham mounted upon it and assisted Middleton to his shoulders. From this position the latter gained the coping of the wall without difficulty. " The scene that ffiet his eyes as he looked over was a subject for a painter, or for the eloquence of Sheheraznde. Upon the roof below him a gayly-colored awning had been erected, beneath which was spread a rich and warmly-tinted Persian carpet. A low divan, with large, soft cushions, was arranged upon one side. Upon this reclined a young girl, richly dressed, with a robe of crimson silk thrown carelessly across her feet. Her back was turned to Middleton, and he could not see her face, but her dark beautiful hair fell about her shoulders and swept the carpet. At one side stood a small stand up holding a silver zerf on which was a tiny cup for coffee. The young girl's eyes were bent far away across the housetops and the trees, as though in reverie, and Mid dleton paused a moment before making his presence known. The other sid of the wall was decorated with arab esque designs in stucco, in the interstices of which he hail no difficulty in finding a foothold and descending. At the sounu of his footstep the girl sprang up with a cry, and turned her face toward him. Middleton halted instantly as though paralyzed by an electric shock. The face was the same which he had seen in his study on the 7th of. July, and afterward in the coffee house in London . For a moment each confronted the other with a look of terrified amazement. " Is it a spirit 1 " at last exclaimed the girl, in excel lent English. " Holy Prophet, protect me ! " " bio, no," replied Middleton ; " I am no spirit, but a Frank traveler from the adjoining caravansary." " The girl made a hasty movement, as though to conceal her features with her robe, but paused and gazed in Middleton's eyes as if fascinated. "I have seen your face before," she said, "in my dreams. It has haunted me. I dreamed of it long ago. There was a room with books ; and then again I saw you standing in the firelight."' She placed her hands to her temples, as though trying to remember. " There was a window," she continued, " and red cur tains. And there was someone with you, but I cannot remember his face." " And I, too," said the young man, " have had dreams — dreams by day and by night — dreams in which your face has appeared to me as I see it now. What are you ? You are fair and speak my language, but you are not of my people." " 1 learned English of a lady at the Residency,'' she replied. " She had been of service to my father in his illness, and afterward often came to sit with me. She is dead." " And your father," said Middleton. " He is living still ? » " Yes. My father is Abd-el-Keber. But I must not converse with you. Already I have transgressed the commands of my father and the laws of our Prophet. Speak no more, or you will be heard. " Nay," said Middleton, impetuously, seizing her hand. " I must speak. If you send me away now you must let me return. It was for you that I left my native country and sought this strange land. Your face has charmed me. It has led me on, across seas and thousands of weary miles, until now, when I hold your hand in mine and listen to your sweet voice, it still seems to me a dream. I know that in some mysterious way your destiny is linked with mine. Do you under stand me, daughter of Abd-el-Keber ? " Her hand trembled in his, but she made no attempt to withdraw it. Her eyes fell, and she said, softly and hesitatingly : " My name is Syra, but — I think — I once had a different name. " I " she passed one hand across life" brow in a bewildered way, as if trying to grasp some longvlost evasive memory, " I sometimes think," she said, \that Abd-el-Keber was not always my father, or that there was another. I do not know — I cannot remembeh When I try to think I am only terrified. Perhaps tlit, too, is a dream. But what is this ? " she asked, suddenly and almost fiercely, throwing back the folds of hbj1 silken feridjee. " This is no dream. Surely I was not born with this ! Did the genii place it there?" \ \ . / .v She thrust forth her bare white arm, and pointed to a small blue mark near the shoulder. Holding it up in the red sunlight, Middleton deciphered two letters tattooed upon the snowy skin. The letters were " R.M." When Middleton regained the roof of the caravansary he found Markham still sitting — though in the moon light now — on the parapet, smoking. " You've been gone a deuce of a time," he said. " I've used up half a box of cigars, and was about to devise some means of getting over the wall myself. What did you find over there so interesting ? " Middleton placed his hand on Markham's shoulder and looked down into his face. " I found my kismet," he replied. " I found Rose Middleton." It was intimated the next day to Abd-el-Keber, by a courier from the Residency, that his presence before the Resident was desirable, for the purpose of explaining the former's true relations with his reputed daughter, Syra. Since the " Great Mutiny," the requests of the British authorities in Oude were generally regarded, and, in obedience to the summons, Abd-el-Keber pre sented himself at the appointed hour. He found a semi-official military court of inquiry, at which Middle- ton and Markham were present, assembled to await his arrival. " 1 have little to tell," said the old man, " but that little 1 will tell truly. The girl is not my daughter. It would be useless to conceal the fact, for she is fair, while I am dark. She is not of my people." " Go on 1 " exclaimed Middleton, excitedly — " go on. If you will tell the truth you need fear nothing." " By the beard of the Prophet," replied the old man, " I will, speak truly. But I entreat you, sirs, not to take her from me. She is as the apple of my eye. I have reared and nurtured her from childhood, and she is now the only solace of my old age. She is the daughter of a Frank — a soldier who was killed in the siege of this city. I found her — a mere babe — with her mother among some prisoners that were brought in from " the front. The mother was wounded in a skirmish which threatened the rear of the British lines, whither their women had been sent. I took her to my house to await an opportunity to send her back to her own people. In the subsequent events she was forgotten by them, and afterward died from her injury. The babe I kept, for I had learned to love it. She was never claimed, and if these young men have a better title than I, I pray that it may be put to rigid proof. These trinkets," continued Abd-el-Keber, " were her mother's, and some of them, I think, belonged also to her father. I know not his name, but there are Frank letters upon some of them, and a miniature, which I have never shown the child." The old man produced a silken bag, and laid upon the table several articles, among them a locket with a small portrait on porcelain. " It is the portrait of Henry Middleton 1 '' exclaimed Middleton, springing forward and seizing it. " I have here its counterpart. It was given me by my father." It was a nine days' wonder in New York when Robert Middleton, heir to the great Middleton estate, sold the property on Washington Heights, converted the invested interests of the estate into cash, and left his native shores, as was said, for ever. It was a still greater wonder that Ned Markham, whose patriotism was never doubted, should cast his fortunes with his friend and bid adieu to the country without a promise of returning. Rumor hinted at the purchase of vast interests in India, which Ned Mark ham was to manage. But only a few of the youug men's most intimate friends knew that in leaving his native land, Robert Middleton was hastening to something more precious to him than wealth, and that in an enchanted palace in the far-off kingdom of Oude his Fate awaited him. — Frank Leslie's Popular Monthly. 