THE O'CARROLLS OF CLOUGHRUE. ; A TALE OF QUEEN ANNE'S TIME IN IRELAND. Chapter XXVIII.— Dick Jones and the Colonel Make a Bahgain. {Continued.) * But will your father consent to leave his own business and bring your mother with him ?' queried Weston before he consented to this arrangement. ' Not for my sake,' was the answer, ' but for his own. He should have to make many 8, T-air of shoes before he could put together in small profits what he will take good cars to get in a lump here for his share should fortune befriend us in our seeking.' 'Not from me — not a stiver,' cried Wes ton roughly. ' You talk very glibly about being ' all Protestants together,' but I object to being robbed by a true Protestant just as much as by a malignant Papist.' { Robbery is an ugly subject to discuss, colonel,' said the shoemaker, after a pause during which he seemed ? to be considering something with himself. ' We will pass it over, if you please, particularly as this arrangement with my father will be mine, not yours. I think it ought to be yours, though ; but no matter. ' Halt a loaf is better than no bread,' and I am content to let him have one out of my three hundreds for his help, and I am sure I could not earn them at all without it.' ' Aud you are sure you can trust your ?wife ?' said the trooper more civilly, when Jones ceased speaking, and he found he was not to be asked to pay more out of the trea sure. ' I do not believe her people are very friendly either to me or my son-in-law.' 'I shall bring her away from Drohid alto gether when my mother comes,' was the answer ; ' she will then be away from her father's influence. Of Mrs. Ryan herself, as I have told you already, I have no fear.' And so the pair made the bargain, and tho note of hand was given, and it came to pass, to the extreme disgust of the whole neigh bourhood, that the elder Jones and his Quaker wife came to Cloughrue, and, together with their daughter-in-law, ' Bit o' Beauty,' and their son, took up their abode in the old house, and assumed its entire management. Yet it must not be supposed for a moment that Weston left everything blindly to these people. Not so ; his own eye was every where, and his orders to tho men kept still on guard were strict that tho movements of $he Joneses were to be watched closely, and they were never to be allowed to pass through tho gates, on any pretence whatsoever, unless he was himself present to give the necessary permission for their doing so. On the arrival of tho Clonmel shoemaker also, he questioned him very closely as to the state 61 business he had abandoned to come to Cloughrue, wondering how he had thought it worth while to leave anything of a good trade for such a purpose. 'Well, you see, colonel/ replied the man, in his usual downright manner, ' shoemaking is never very profitable at this time of year. In Summer, or drawing on to it, any sort of sole does to keep tho feet of the elders from the ground, while the young ones, putting * God's leather to God's weathor,1 foot it jnerrily about without any shoes at all.' 'Yet some of your customers will want something' in your way,' insisted Weston, 'and finding your shop closed, will go else where, and so scatter your business.'.. ? ..??, ,...,.-.. 'But they will not find it closed,' was the answer. ' I have taken good care of that. I have left my place in charge to a young fellow named Turner, a late; apprentice' of mine, who is about to become my son-in-law, and succeed me when my day comes, as. Dick has ca^fc his lot elsewhere. He will see to every']ob that offers until my return, which, one way or another, will be soon.' ' Then your loss in leaving your work can not be much,' remarked the trooper. ' No, not much,' answered the shoemaker, laughing. ' I would not acknowledge that fact so easily, though, if it was with you I had to make my bargain instead of Dick, who says you are very hard. To be sure what I am doing is out of my line ; still, colonel, anything to earn an honest penny, you know — and, if it is not to earn an honest penny, to help a man to get his own. I know nothing of honesty or anything relating to it.' As soon as this conversation was over, Weston sent the shoemaker on an errand to a distant part of the grounds, and then sought out Mrs. Jones, where she was en gaged .in some household matter, and said abruptly to her : .???-. ' So you are about to get your daughter married ?' : ' Yea,' replied the Quakeress placidly, lift ing her mild eyes to his without betraying the slightest confusion as to the suddenness of the address. ' ? 'It is an unusual thing for a discreet matron to leave, her daughter in the sole charge of the young man to whom she is about to get married P' was his next query, which was put with all his natural coarseness. Mrs. Jones coloured deeply, and seemed to have some difficulty in restraining the expres sion of a quick, indignant feeling ; but, after a short pause, she succeeded and. answered quickly : ' Neither have I done so. Our dear child Sophia doth not dwell beneath tho same roof with William Turner. Her father and I have left her in the safe keeping of Sarah Grubb, a worthy follower of the Lord, and a devout mother in Israel.' ' Oh !' ejaculated Weston, ' I should be grateful to you and Jones. You have put yourselves out a good deal to give me the help I am in want of — unless, indeed, you have some other motive for your conduct. Is such the case ?' ' Nay, friend Weston, thee must question my husband himself as to his motives. I only be obedient to his orders. He bade me to come here, where ho said he had need of me, and I came. However, I may say to thee that there is something between him self and our son [Richard concerning money at which he seemeth pleased. I confess,' she added, with even increased gravity, ' it hath entered more than once and caused dis turbance there that my husband loveth to gain money overmuch ; yet always in the way of lawful gain friend Weston — always in the way of lawful gain — and he will be best pleased if our Sophy's intended husband hath a good store of money laid up for him on his return home, which for every reason I hope will not be too long delayed.' ' There is no difference in their stories,' muttered the trooper to himself as he left her. ' The fellow is working for his hundred guineas — she says he is fond of money — and the son for his two ; yet there'is nothing like caution, and I will be so like their shadow through it all that it will be impossible for them to cheat me of a single coin, no matter how well inclined they may be to do so,' Chapter XXIX.— The Bit o' Beauty Sees a Ghost. Among all the changes which had occurred in the old home of the O'Carrolls there was not one more apparent than that which had taken place in its once plentiful, busy kitchen, for that had indeed become a very temple of desolation. The fire upon its broad hearth was extinguished — and that for tho first time since it had been first enkindled there — and the door of the great oven beside it hung widely open, showing its 'occupa- tion gone.' Genial old hearth, that had laughed warmth and welcome to so many cold and weary travellers in its day ! Plenti ful old oven, from whence so many home grown loaves had been drawn, not only to feed theiu, but to afford ready substantial help to tho poor whose contented lines lay in its neighbourhood ! The cooking utensils, now arranged in cold order in their allotted places by the procise hands of the Quakeress, Mrs. Jones, added by their unused appear ance to the bleak look of things in what had been tho very centre of domestic comfort of Cloughrue. Even its rafters had been stripped of the mighty flitches and well cured hams which had been wont to enrich them, and its wicker turf baskets lay empty and overturned on the grnund. A dull silence reigned there. No more pleasant sound of talking was to be heard within it, in the old familiar, expressive language of the land ; no more farmyard sounds pierced it — the watchdog's baric, the cackle of fowl, the lowing of the herd at early morning and evening returning from the fields ; no voices of busy dairymaids chattering to each, other ' 'as'they secured their ' keelers, or singing to wile the milk more freely from the udders of their music-charmed cows ; no clattering of horses' ? hoofs, or hissing of currycombing ostlers ; no important bustle of the cook over ' the. master's dinner,' no hurried additions to be made to it for the welcome though unexpected -guest, no favourite joints to be kept ? hot until 'Master Owen' or 'the counsellor' returned from the hunt ; no even ing gossip round the fire about the ' harmless day's' events or stories of old time, or hearty bursts of laughter at the homely jest or prac tical joke played upon each other by its merry occupants., No, the hospitality of Cloughrue lay dead with its honour, and this cold, deserted place was its sepulchre and that of all its old frank, careless, merry, happy ways. From the time of old Mr. O 'Carroll's funeral and the departure of the family this place had been 1 ittle used, but since the arrival of the Joneses it had been completely abandoned for a room where madame's pre serves had always been manufactured and the family recipes made up and distributed for the cure of all ' the thousand natural ills' which rustic 'flesh' in particular ' is heir to.' Here the colonel's meals were now pr&pared; by his new attendants, who also made it their general living place, although they were by no means permitted to have it altogether to themselves, as the jealous caution .of Weston insisted that one of Heatch's men should be always present in it, and the man on guard was changed regularly every day for fear of any collusion between him and the companions he was set to spy on. But though the Joneses were very civil to these people; and the Quakeress gave them their meals comfortably, the strictest cross examination of the trooper into the circum stances or conversations of their watch could not elicit from any one of them that his good faith had ever been tampered with. No visitors had ever been allowed to enter the establishment from the outer world save Mrs. Hyan — indeed none other came. Her husband, Andy Ryan, would not put his foot inside the old place for any bribe that could be offered him, and told his wife he ' was ashamed to lift his head going about his business because of the part she was acting' ; while the old friends and neighbours she had passed her life amidst had already learned to become absorbed in their own thoughts or to see something very interesting to them in the distance as they passed her by. Still she went her way steadily, not heeding those tokens of contempt and disapproval, and made herself exceedingly useful to Weston on many occasions. It was she took the large stock of poultry from him of which he was anxious to be rid at a- fair valuation ; and when, by the elder Jones's advice, he had nearly all the bacon taken down and made up into bales for saLe, it was she took it into Cork on her own cart, driven by Pat Hegarty, her own guide, and sold it there to good advantage, bringing the money safely back to the avar'cious clutch of Weston. She had taken butter once or twice for him also, along with her own firkins. Spite of all this obligingness and service, she was never per mitted to enter or pass out through Cloughrue gate with whatever she had to dinpose of for him except under the personal escort o£ the ex-trooper himself, as he always kept the key of it in his own possession. ' I never thought that woman would conduct herself so well ;' he once remarked to Jones, as having seen her out he strolled back to the house with him. ' Nor I either,' replied the Clonmel man. ' However, I always believed her to be a far more sensible rnonian than that little husband of her's is a man, aud of course ' she knows on which side her bread is buttered' now. I suppose the counsellor's being of what these Irish call 'the old stock,' though, has some thing to do with it ; yet, as she is useful to us, what need we ask what her motive is, as long as we have the advantage of it F' But nearly five weeks had passed since these words were spoken, and still the money, if it had any existence at all, remained in its hiding-place. The laurel walk in the garden had been dug into a pit from end to end. The bureau in Mr. O'Carroll's bedchamber, and even the great oak bedstead in which he died, had been hacked to pieces in the search made for secret drawers and reeesces. The floor had been started there and in the room used as a study, and the two great oak presses in the wall smashed into splinters —nil to no avail. Nora was questioned, over and over again, about every part of the house, and she declared with such evident truth that she could not tell of any secret place in it that Weston was forced to believe her and declare that he began to think ' old O'Carroll was a lying schemer who had sought to buoy up his injured nephew with false hopecj3 merely to insult and disappoint him.' Jones was disheartened also, and talked deter minedly of going home. ' This notion of making money at a jump has proved a failure,' he said. ' I must go back to the old trade again and make it, if I can by degrees. 'Slow and suro' is tho safest way after all. I will never beliove in Jack's beanstalk again, but sow my beans in the regular ,way, and tako tho natural crop thankfully when, it comes.* 1 'Indeed this man would- have given up'Hhe whole affair altogether after the first two vreeksor so but for his son, who clung to the .hope of finding the treasure with mercenary desperation. ' It had no way of being removed from the place; therefore it must be 'here still,' ho . declared more, than once to the colonel when that worthy gentleman showed symptoms of being tired out also, of his present help, at any rate, and declared : _ . « ' I will send for a man named Booth, with whom I am acquainted, in Dublin. He is a money-lender, and has as keen a scent for money as a beagle for a hare. If it is to be found he will find it, and I will halve it with him if he does, sooner than stay here longer, where one never sees the face of a card or hears the rattle of a die.' But again and 'again Dick convinced him that that would be a great and an unneces sary sacrifice to make, and again and again fresh searches were made, only to result in fresh disappointments, until at length one evening Dick's father announced himself to be determined that there should bo an end of the matter so far as he was concerned, for his mind was made up that he and his wife should return home. They were sitting in the room wo have spoken of as their living place. Father, mother, son, aud, as a matter of course, the man on guard — although, to give him his due, the latter did not interfere much with their freedom of speech, whatever restraint he might be on their actions,,- for he sat apart from them smoking at the window, which was open to admit the soft, sweet scented air of an early summer evening. ; (To be continued.) 