OUT OF THE FIllE .* By Henry Kendall. I He was young when ho entered that sphere, Wlicro tho pleasures of sin aro attained ; And a dovil canto close to his ear, ' And whispered, and tempted, and gamed. On tho world with tho eyes of a child Ho looked. It wus little ho knew ; Aud tlio sharks who wero after him smiled With joy at tho plunder in view. By chance ho was suddenly placed Whero lifo is a fever — a flume, And plausible rascals mado haste To rob him, and bring him to shame. From green quiet forest-lands hurled Into city, ho heeded a guide ; But he hadn't a friend in tho world,} . To thrust tho black tempter aside, xto had money — a fortune indeed : But monoy meant ruin to liim, Tor ho followed a blood-sucking breed Into dens of iniquity— dim. At tables of cards and of dico, Ho wasted his means ; and ho knew But the glaro and tho glamour of Vico In nights full of glittoring dew. All I often he lingered iu tears, , While morning walked over tho sea, And thought of tho beautiful years, When his mates wero tho torrent aud treo. But ever Achitophel stood, With shining Aholah between The spirits of evil and good ; . And the past bccamo brightness unseen. One day when tho drink smothered thought, . He met. with a sharper named Holt ; And, maudlin and muddled, ho bought A big, but an ill-looking colt. But a Btablc-lad whispered, 'Depend On my word, thero is stuff in Tho Scud ; He will win a great raco in tho end ; But Holt doesn't know ho has blood.' In a moment of trouble supreme, When worried by creditors coarso, Hope flashed on his heart liko a beam — He thought of tho boy and tho horso. And full of fhio purpose, he said — ; * 1 1 will cast tho foul dovil away, And lead tho white lifo that I led . In tho light of the happy old day.' Next morning ho spoke to tho youth ; And tho boy rubbed his hands in his gloo, And said— with his eyes full of truth — ? ? 'Just leave him, my master, with mo ! The colt must come out at his best ; . .And whon saddle and rider aro up, . He will mako tho last Star of tho West, And tho rest of thom, movo for ' Tho Cup.' ' The Cup was tho raco of the year, And twenty grand horses woro in. ' Tho Scud,' cried tho 'touts' with a snoor, 'Is sure to be laBt in tho * spin.' ' But owner worked hard with the lad ; . . . . And pale was tho sufferer's faco : Tho ohance was the last that ho had— . Ho had hazarded all on the raco. The day o! tho mooting was dark . With bittor wild wind-driven rain — ? . li The Star has como fit to tho mark,' Said tho mob, t% and ho'll win it again t' The betting was brisk, when tho horso Of tho season camo out of his stall,'. Jl dozen were backed on tho course, But The Scud wasn't mentioned at all. The flag fell away in a roar, And tho twenty wont off in a pack ; But Boon thbro was seen to tho foro, Tho maro with tho purplo and black. By Barker's Bho quickcned tho paco With a feathor-weight closo at her side ; ' In tho * straight, she'll bo out of tho raco,' A cluster of knowing ono's cried. At the turn of tho track, on the grpy Young Jones took tho running in hand ; But he 41 died' at tho Corner away, ; And Pyramus lod by tho Stand. ? But out by tho back of thocourso, , . -The blood, unaocustomod to yield— .The Star — tho invinciblo horso— r ; j ; Eah up and showed heels to tho Cold.' ? V, But tho maro by Olympus, from Jano, Camo on with a rush by tho gato ; And tho Scud dashed along in tho rain, And was locked with tho Star in tho straight. A thunder of chcors from afar, Hot tho threo coming smothered with mud— ' Tlio filly — tho filly — the Star ! ' Tho chestnut— tho filly— tho Scud !' With tho Star on his girth in tlio sliylgo,' Tho Scud undor whip at tho post, Wont flashing by Stand and by Judgo, With a boy on him whiter than ghost. Yea, thero, amid clamour and cheer, Tho colt, full of courago and strength, Pulled off tho great raco of tho year, From tho ' crack,' by tho half of a longth ' And there, on that prominent day, Tho owner fell back at tho last, And sliivored and fainted away— Ho had suffered so much in tho Past. ' The strain had beon heavy indeed, And tho world for Bomo momonts scorned dim ; But past was tho season of need— Tho Scud had won thousands for him. * Suggested by a chapter in Long Odds, by tlio late Marcus Clarke. 