BROU.GHT.ACK.T?OTHE WORLD. (Concluded.) Rachel was a young woman with a long look iahea&lsndjarayoutrotCheuy; Gardeni Court it was, and with nevera smile upon it to make'it coiifortahle_.'1 It was not afrown, only a steady grave stare which was iaroel~y ;pleant to watch, and made'one wonder whatthere was beyond. I thought she was sorry for her wild dash at the river, but did dot careto seakof it to anybody, o else'that'ebo'was brooding ery deeplyon the reas~on for it all, the reason that might exist still far away in the distance at which she was looking steadily.; .. ; If she ever smiled, or tried to smile, it was when I met her on the stairs or in the street, and there was a cheery ringin her voice when she bade me good morning or good evening, just as if she took it for granted that I'was a friend, and had a claim upon the life'I had set working again in Cherry Gardens Court. 'I did not tell Mrs. Twitters her history, or the fragment of it that I knew d' a friend from' the conutry," with a week's rent paid in advance, had been quite sufficient for my landlady, and :Rachel Seeley was not one to extract much information from.- - ' " She's nice and quiet," Mrs. Twitters said to"me,""and dboi't give a mite of trouble;" but Mrs. Twitters was as deceitful as the sex, sphaking misanthropically; for once, when' shh'thought:I was not at home, I heard her say to a nei hbor in the court=-Mrs. Risbeck, who dealt rnladies' and- gentlemen's left-off wearing apparel, a8id was always to be met in- town -with a dropsical black hag-" that Mrs. Seeley ave'her the creeps, 'sitting lie's hiimag~, with never a woid coming out of her mouth,, if she could help it." 'All in-the flrtireek, this was ; the second, I was taken bad with rheunmatic fever, and did not have much tinie for observation.' It came late to me, but it was surely caught by my rirer eiploit, the doctor said; and then I 'grew worse and worse, and did not mind what' anybody told me, although the general chorius was that I 'was at 'death a door, and it'was'Open for menice and wide. I thought it' might as well open'as not, if I could only see Em and Em's children first, and ask Em s husband to be kind'to them 'always if he would,' and for the old man's sake as well as theirs, " I .lost count of a week or two presently, for when I came to myself I was told that Em had been up to see me, and stayed as long as leave of absence had been granted by her husband, who was anxious to get her back again as soon as she had left him, and that Idid not know her, but made facce at her finely. :Em was only reconciled to lear. ing me again by the fact that Iwas in careful hands, and by the promise that if any change for the worst should show itself, she was to be telegraphed to on the instant, and this Rachel Seley promised her. There was no occision to telegraph.. I got better slowly, and thanks' to Rachel, whose were the " careful hands" alluded to by Em. Never was there' such 'a nurse as she; so kind, and gentle, and considerate; so thoughtleos'sbfrhrself'a?dt lier'bWi health in her mocessant application to me; so full of grief when I was at-my worst, they said; so full of joywhen!Iaeas !o the mend, and showing always some rare strange bright looks to those who were interested in my coming round. It was astonishing howkind everybody had been, too, during my illness. I had had no idea there was.such a lot of good and thought ful people down Cherry Gardens Court, and even in the world outside of it. Patting aside Em and Em's husband, who, of course, wrote 'up.that I was. to want for nothing, there wasMfrse Twitters to make me broths, and Mrs. Risbeck to bring me extra blankets for my bed, and all the boys who lived in the court, and were in the habit of shouting after me." Old Daddy Habbajam," to take their marbles and buttons,and hop.scotch to theend of the thoroughfare, so that their noise should not rob me of the rest I needed ; and there was Rachel Seeley, of course, and one whom' I-had onlyknown a week before' my illness came upon me.- She, I have said,'was invaluable to me, and everything that could be-wished; and everybody said so, too, and let meknow it..'. ' . "They tellme I hould hove died without you, Rachel," I remarked whenI was allowed to sit up and looked 'about me; "and I be liere Ishould.". ' ', "n'onsense I" she replied cirtly' enough; "I'was ure'yoawould.lirve tihrough it, from the finr I told them so."'-. "Ah, yon have pulled me through." 1"W?ell, if I have,'I amgld," she an swered?; ''It', tit for tat, like, isn'tit?" I said. She had been.almost cheerful till I. said that, and then she looked dull and grave, and blek, at once., To remind her of that De. cember. ?ight of desp?iation waks always to cast hera into gloomalthough?ahe did not seeketo,evade the subject when it was before her. She only looked as if the memory gave her iain, but s palr.hich she was called upon to bear. '' :," Nor,it ii: ot tit for tat; Icean never re paY you.: Even ydur illness has been all my fault, ."? ' -' -z. "I'don't seb that."' : "' doii?o," only'you'?will not'on ,it ; and soa sebeec; She: added' !' so.eiry kind, the Sily frind I have ever had, that if you had died, I don't know what would have '"That' a good'one, that is,ire'plied 'I'did not know wuait was a good one, but I coeld not think of any response at the mo-. ment, and I dwelt upon her:words all the rest of the day, and let them.harase me at night. , Itwas no strange to be thought any thing; of now, save' byEm down in Devon-' shire; it had seemed of so little accountof' no accouit,'w'hether I was out of the world or in it; it was so? uinlikely' that' anyone would' nmiss :meeave Bill" lump, when he came to take his mornihg's ipell at pier work, and', found I':was off mght duty, and never coming: hack again-that I could not get her words out of my head. There was so much gatitude' to them;, and' there was' so 'much ee'lin or ie, that I'felt glad I hiad not bieen."'caite t ay.b tb'th :parish, but was' cteepaingi rouid t old self.. lAnd whem . was qute'round, itwas satisfaetory to see that she wan very'pleased, and that I:heard her once say, "Thank God for it,"'as if I was something shae'd been" p-;?yisg fr,' Fq·iy anyone p?eying for!old Habbajaur I Idould have died of laii~hng at the 'idea' if ift'win't; for some baby tears which seemed to come up in my eyesiustead. - . .. . : ;I weat 'hack to'work, finding night duty the: hardest job at -first for anyone'in the fever.r line of bsiness; hut getting used to it by degrees aga..~.ma......u.that the com pay had kept the place open for me, con aiderin he reasom whiL hhd'ist put me on the ahafi,. ,:, ., . ,I don t know that I was ever much happier when I :had settled down really to busineas. or ever felt that I had more of a home about msn . Certainly not Since my poor wife's dethL~anothin like it. Rachel Seeley made tlin?iso comfortable, veemed to anticipate niy litt!ew:ints so rqunickly, was alhays up and doing'whenI came hack fror duty, and hadn t;oir coffee waiting for ne, just as IEm', mother would have done had she lived to.this day. Rachel was part of home -all the home I had. She Iad made life worth caring about again; I began to think that (rerry Gardens Court would be a blesied dull place without her, forshe cheered md upp"without being cheerful herself, save by '.'laib like, which was gone as soon as it hud coume. I never knew a woman more com pletely friendless than 'herself; nobody seemed t a k or her, to,~te to her; she wrote to nobody, and made ai fresh friends. Out of doors, and away from the dark little room in the close court in Snowfields, she would not stir i she could helpit, and she muss as- tiisdadt-cd rdaik;-the sald-I-never - noticed it myself-as any child. Well, I guess the reader knows what was in±ha wind about` this-tinie;;that:. was falling in love with a woman young enough to' be my daughter, that I was getting on to behave' like .an old fool, which is one of the worst of fools, for I have tried it myself, and the proverb's'as accurate as any that I know of. i nd I "out with it," too, after one or two nights' calm reflection' on the pier, with the mop and pail for company, and the lights on the river winking at me, as much as to Say, " Well, you are a 'rumun,' labhajani "-at east, I could fancy they wee'eaying it. 'I told Rachel Seeley that I had got very fond of her, and that I didn'tsee any particu Iar reason against our making a inatch of it,. unless it was that she hated old men very much indeed, and me as much as mosat of them. I said we both seemed out' of the world rather more than 'aiybody else, and that we were both very friendless; that she had nobody tothinkof her, and Ihad only Em, who was a goodd two hundred miles off, and,' of course, thoughtof nothing but her children and her husband, except at Christmas, when she sent me two rabbits, a bottle of ketchup of her own making, and some slices of cold plum pudding 'which never agreed with me. I sald and thought that Rachel and I would be happier together, that we understood each other, and that* together. our little earnings ivould makeins comfortabler, with one fire to keep up and one rent to pay; and that if all this had never crossed her mind before,' per. haps she would let it from that time, andun til she got uised to It a bit.? Rachel' listened patiently; I can see 'her now with her hands clasped together, and' her gaze directed to them steadily and even sternly. She did not blush in the least, she was not embarrassed; she was even cold and steely over the proposal, as one might be who had been offered'a situation*that was neither worth having nor refusing. S'"'ou thik'you would be really happy, Mr. .Habbajam, with me?' she asked slowly at last "I am aurelshould . "That I could make this more like home' to you?" " Decidedly you could." .... " "I shouldn't mind for iyself-for I don't care about myself 'in any way-and if you think 'it would be better I doun't object at all," she said, with too much' indifference to make me explode into raptures at her consent I 'Exactly.- Thanik"yon, Rachel--thahk yon," I tammered forth . S" Iy life seems to belong to you, you have said very often," she continued, sadly," and you may share it with your own, if you n'care to do so. Nobody has so great a right. And I will try to keep 'you from ever saying 'I was sorry that I asked her.' But--" ; Then'she stopped, and I thought her face looked whiter and harder than I had ever seen it till that morning "Bt-what !" I echoed. "But you must not Worry me with 'any questions of my past-my life before I knew you," she went on; "you must be satisfied that it is past, and that I will not thinkof it, if it is possible. You will rest content with the fact that I love no one in it-that I hate everybody in it-and that I was very bad." "No-no-I'm sure'you were not Rachel." "It is only a bad one, David, that comes to the river as I did last December. And so you give a bad one'your name," she went on; ' pray understand that-a bad and desperate younnf woman whom God is not likely to for. give. "Come, come, not so hard as all that. There is forgiveness for everybody who re pents, you know.' "I have been told' so," she' answered, 'moodily. ' S"And you ?rve repented ." ; "'Oh I my God-yes," she cried, with ex. citement, at last, "if I could only atone only live back a few years-only forget !" I sat staring at her now; this was an ex. hibition of paseion very new to me,'and yetI· naust have known that she could be very rash' and desperate-no one more so.' There must ihave been something in my looks to calm her, 'tor she became her grave self very quickly 'after she had found that they were bent upon' her sorrowfully and wonidenngly enough. "ButI' will' make you a good wife,"'she repeated' "although' I don't want yon to have me, unless it is your own free wish-al though I would rather live on'alone; just as we are, if you will let me." "I have made up my mind, Rachel." ' "Very well, then." ' 'Still t' was arranged that we 'were to be married, and that' for ever before her life the life that I had not shared-was to hang' a curtain which no hand of inine ahohld seek to draw aside. 'The presenit I was to be conteit with always. I was safe'it would contenit me, for. I was not a'curious man,'and`I was and of Rachel Seeley. ; : :' " ;:,", We talked: about' our wedding day re-' ently, and it seemed odd that we ihounld fl n the exact day'when I hid saved herlife. had suggested oit' at first, and sehe"had" hivered with 'sodething like 'affright at it, ht first,'also. -Then she thought again and bald: • ",Why not! It's a day meonirablo foiit's horror, and'I may date frdm' it presently the life'of an honest woman-*hsch you mi ke sne;David.5:. :.. . ::.... She"put her hadds in mine witli'thatlook ofIgratsttide whiih she s'eteed to have for mn very often, and.which had drawn my old heart towards her, and the days seemed long in coining to December. As the time' ap proached more closely,' Rachel's face, I noticed, gatheied more of gloom in it; and this I did not like, and was aggrieved to see. She was' almost like a woman afraid at the, last; and she would:say, at times,' " You are: sure-you are quite sure, that this is as you !wish"' and look as if my change of mind would have been almost a reprieve. Once I mentioned" this, "and" she answered very quickly: . "It is for your' sake, 'eot', fo, my own, David. I should notike to bring unhappi ,ness to you." " "But for yourself?" "I don't belong to myself, you know," was hei reply, "and I dread your saying some ay, 'I wish I had never married her 1'" S'Is that likely " "'I.hopenot. And if the day comes when I ,shall see upon your kind old face the thought that.I am trounbling you-why, the trouhle shall not last four-and-twenty hours." " I don't quite understand yon." She did not answer me, and, being almost afraid of her answer. I did not press her for it. I thought that I should have no trouble with her-that she would make a good wife to a man whom it did not take much to render satisfied. I fancied we should jog on together to the end of my days, an odd couple enough, but in our quiet way quite satisfied with one another. And that is a remarkable way, too, taking couples as they run, poor things. W\Ve might he the one pair in a tllo. .and. after all, who trotted well i harness together-ah I who knows? It isn't the swellest lot that makes it the easiest running also, I know. It was settled that Em and Em's husband were not to be told anything of the matter till after the wedding ; it was my wish, and Rachel had no objections to ur I had myself to please, no one else anlI did not want to upset Em's mind about it, or to get a heap of sound and sensible advice from Em's husband which would only aggravate me. I had but myself to please, and it pleased me to get married again. That was the simple position of affairs, with which only silly people weoldtry to interfeore. And they had not time to'b'tildiculous down in Cherry Gardens Court, and only said amongst themselves, "So old Habbajam is going to .?margain.L ,cll, lwish im iuck; .and, I-thought myself really in lck's way to get so quietse 'good-looking a'yonngewomaa.tl. havd `ine'for he' idsbind, and' meo going on oraixty,.too -- . .--. There was no preparation for the wedding -I did not seean signa of eren'a now dress which 'Rachel mighthobe working' at. We are nbt' well off eough for ?display; and we hid nOt'put'an" money by'; we did not ven., intend to ask Mrs. Twitter borMrs..Risbock o the. wedding.: It was to be an extremly. quiet affair, "with the'shadoewof the river en it," Rachel said with a sigh." ' . 'Two things: happened a week before the. day? w' had, fixed upon to' be married, ind they happened 'so closelyone after another, that it looked as if it was'to be, oras if it was not to be, according to one's way of look ing atit. I woke up one afternoon'earlier than usual after, my day's "pitch "-that is, my sleep after'duty on the'pier-and went downstairs to chat with Rachel for a little while over her work. Mre: Twitters was'not at home, and Rachel was not, at work, for I didnot hear the click-click of the sewing machine as I approached the room. I pushed open the door, and 'said in ,niy'usdal tone, "May I conim in?' but" Rachel did 'not answer. I went in'without invitatibn 'thinking that the room was desettedi;,bt thereo was Rachel sitting at the table, looking at a small photo graph on' glss, with a cheap gilt frame round it.' Hei hnds 'were supporting her hed;, and her elbows were planted firmly on the table, and oh I.the look of misery upon her face. I hadenver seen lierlooklike that before. " Why, Rachel, whose portrait have you got thdere 2"I asked. i She sprang up.wirh'half a scream, and thrust the photograph in her side pocket very hastily, 'standingto do so, and trembling very much.. She opened her moath to answerme, but no words came from it. ., "'Why, I haae quite scared you, child," I said ?'you. most, ot get. so nervous as all his.' "I am more mad than nervous," she re= plied; "I have. been mad,'bh o these last two ears, David.' Tiut, nonsense I What's theo pictur about? " . "s . i "About .the past," she nswered,. very sharply now, and with a look that reminded ine of the promiso?' had made "Aih': ,'yees, I. hadforgottcn. ' Your pardon, ahel I 'w'on't ask anyniore ques tions. I can guess whose portrait that is, and that's enoueh "fo m " "You " " But I don't want to see the villain. I am only sorry to find that you are thinking of him stil." "You are mistaken," was her slow re. eponse; " very much mistaken." "Well, I hope I am." I tried to think I might be, but it was not pleasant matter for reflection, so late in the day as it was of our engagement, and ao close upon the time that she would call me hus band. I did not get over it very readily. I had not got over my dull looks, my absent answers to her, when Em's husband, whom I had not expected to see in London for a long 'while, came that very afternoon into the house almost like a ghost, and startled me with his loud, hearty greeting. And like a ghost Rachel eeley regarded him--like a ghost risen from the dead. John Grayson stared at her with an amazement he could not disguise, and stammered out at last her Christian name. "Rachel-you !" he said. I looked from one to the other, fearing the troth, trying to make out what the truth of it all was, and praying that it was not as I thought. I 'sat there like a spectator at a play, and with these two raving in it, like the actors. S"Yes, it's Rachel," she said at last; "are 'you very much surprised to see me " I am indeed." "You have not come in hasit to find me, then," she added, scornfully,. "I did not know youwere here," he an swered; " I'did not thiink yoo'were alive." " Did not your doll of a wife tell you that her father's nurse was Rachel Seeley ?" "No," he:answered ; "she had forgotten your name when she came home." "i It was convenient to forget,' it was as well to forget," she answered. I had never seen Em's husband so utterly astonished, so completely thrown out of time. He stood with his soft felt hat crushed be tween his strong brown hands, which were shaking very much, and there were big tears in his eyes despite his efforts to keep firm. "I did not know you were alive," he said again in a hoarse voice, as if it were the one poor excuse which he could offer her. " Oh ! I tried hard to get out of the world, but this old man would not let me," she re plied; "I did my beat to die, God knows, and end it-alL" " What does this mean ?" I ventured to in. quire, and Em's husband shook his head and said : " Beet not ask." "I have a&right; to ask." "I will tell you when she's gone," he re. replied. "She is not-going-away, --I-explained. "Her home is in this house; she will be my wife before the fortnight's ovei?1 . lb r: ~ " She ! your wife :" gasped forth Em's bfus band, fairly bewildered now. :!"Whyp.not! " answered Rachel Seeley for herself.' ....................f' B 1iauso-but," he added, quickly,: "you mast have guiessed'that I ivas his daughter's hu?and .,I remember Em said you asked hermanyquestions." "I asked if you were once gamekeeper at Hetton Court in Dorsetshire," Rachel re pliid;" and she' said yes.' I,knew thei you were the same man who led me' wrong." " God forgi?ed me!" he murmured; "how one's sin comes rounid again I I was sorry, Rachel--Gd knows, I have been always very?soiry .Haid yoia s?oppd':at'Hettoi - I would have'made 'amends.' SStopped to become:the jeer of.the place, and to trust in you /" she answered, bitterly. "Ilcan't ask you' to believe'mea" he said, and I can't bring back the past, Rachel." Si thought I might," she said. Then turn. iiig tome, 'soddenly, she added: "David, though I would have been to you a faithful friehd, still, I had hoped to be to him ever a reproach, ever a trouble that he should be afraid I would bring upon his wife, by telliog of his treachery, of his love for me, as he called it. before he married her, and I should have told her some day what a villain he had been, and what he had made of me." "You went away; I never heard of you again," said John. "I should have been easy to find, had you wanted to find me," was her stern reproach. " But there, there ! I am in the way now. You have business with your father-in-law, and I do not want to interfere with it." "But, Rachel-" I began. She came to me slowly, with both hands extended. "But you will forgive me, I know, because you have thought so well of me; because your liking for me would have made of me your wife, and I might have settled down, and done no harm to him or his. I don't quite know," she added, "for I am very strange at times. Good-hye." "No-no-not good-bye! I am too old and lonely; it has gone too far now. Oh ! don t leave me." I implored. "I think, David, that perhaps Heaven sent this man here so that I should not com mit the wrong of marrying you, and wrong it would have been.' For, she continued, "I was not worthy to be your wife. You are B good man." a You have atoned for the past by-" I began, when she stopped me with a wild cry, ,htc ,blanched the face of both listeners.... \- I have made no atonement," she shrieked forth; ;"Ii am the "veriest wretch, and the crJulestof ifvmen. There is your child, John 6riysonr't sheiaid, drawing from her pocket. the photograph which I had seen her with earlier that day; "*yoi have not asked after it yet-you have never thought of it till now, porhipa.' Look at'it'l" She thrust it into his hands, and he took it and stared at itdreamily. " 'What has become-" "It died when it was three years olid; it was starving with its'mother, and I killed it."........ .. "' My God I" exclaimed the 'man" " I drowned it in the rivir.: That was the scream you heard, David-not mine. iI was quite prepared and calm. I thought we were better out of this world, and would go to gether to the next.' Your fault, John Gray. son, as well as mine, that I took a littld life away ; your fault, ' turning' now to me, "that I came back to' my awful self, a murderess." ' "Horrible I" I whispered. " Yes, I am a horrible woman; but I was good before I knew him," she said. " Now, which of you two will tell the police to fol. low me, and help to hang me? I don't care which it is. One of you I hope it will be." She moved towards the street, but no one followed her.' She had stricken both of us to atone. As she passed John, she took the portrait from his nerveless hands, andS'with that clutched to the bosom of herdress, went out into CherryGardens Court, and on be. yond into the broader thordughfare, like a woman walking in her sleep. I never saw Rachel Seeley agaio.-The Belgrauia Annual. 