CHILDREN'S ENQUIRY COLUMN. Verses referring to the forgiveness of injuries :— A. and L. KEMP.—Prov. xx. 22 ; xxiv. 29; Matt. v. 44 ; Luke vi. 27, 28, 35, 37 ; xxiii. 34; Acts vii. 60 ; Rom. xii. 14, 17,20, 21; 1 Cor. iv. 12 ; 1 Thes. v. 15; 1 Pet. iii. 9. ... , IRENE.—Lev. xix. 18 ; Matt. vi. 14 ; xvui. 21, 22 ; Mark xi. 25; Luke xvii. 3, 4 ; Rom. xii. 19 ; 2 Cor. ii. 7 and 10 ; Eph. iv. 2 and 32 ; Col. iii. 13. Thank you. Your selection is a credit to you all. M. A. M.—Would you kindly explain Heb. vi. 4-6 ? The whole passage is, I think, much clearer in the revised version : " For as touching those who were once enlightened and tasted of the heavenly gift, and were made partakers of the Holy Ghost, and tasted the good word of God, and the powers of the age to come, and then fell away, it is impossible to renew them again unto repentance; seeing (or, the while) they crucify to themselves the Son of God afresh, and put Him to an open shame." The central thought of the verses is repentance. The faculty of repenting is made the index of the believers' state, since while he can repent he has not fallen away beyond forgiveness and restoration. Renewal unto repentance is said to be impossible from three points of view -.—1. According to verse 1, repentance is the foundation whence believers " press on unto perfection" (or full growth); and Christian life, like everything else, can begin only once. Then 2\. There cannot possibly be any new plan of salvation devised; and those who have once enjoyed "the heavenly gift" (see Rom. vi. 23) will never bring themselves to crucifv afresh the Saviour whom they have loved, by a willing rejection of the only God-appointed means of salvation; and 3. " God is not unrighteous to forget your work and love which ye showed toward His name," ver. 10; but instead gives us " a strong encouragement who have fled for refuge to lay hold of the hope set before us "—ver. 18. The writer clearly does not refer to those who have only known a spasmodic inclination towards Christ's service, which they resisted; since He accumulates experience which can only be the result of a long and living connection with Jesus. His own life has taught him the immense strength of the bond so formed between the believer and his Saviour; and knowing the weakness of humanity at its best, he confidently appeals to the hold which God Himself retains of those to whom He has given His Holy Spirit. Add to this Christ's lesson of forgiveness, Matt, xviii. 22 ; His restoration of Peter; the declaration of John, x. 28; and His message to the churches, Rev. ii. 5 and 16; iii. 8—10, 14—20, and you will believe that » neither death nor life . . . . nor things to come, shall be able to separate us from the love of God, which is in Christ Jesus our Lord." The work of restoration may indeed be impossible to you or me; but who can limit the power of Him who " loved us even when we were dead through our trespasses." Pardon me for asking, is this question of special importance to yourself: for, "the blood of Jesus Christ cleanseth us from all sin;" and the Saviour loves us so Divinely that it grieves Him to see us shut ourselves out from the joy of being forgiven. H. S.—Please explain " Work out .your own salvation."—Phil. ii. 12. I think it was Miss Havergal who wrote, You have the salvation; work it out." Just as one might plan a building and then work it out: so it seems to me that Paul desired to remind the Philippians that they must take up their own responsibility, and fulfil the claims made upon them by Christ's " free gift," whether he were with them or not. Then, with the tender consideration characteristic of him, he added— " For it is God which worketh in you both to will and to work, for His good pleasure." Please observe, it most decidedly is not " work for your own salvation," but " out;" a privilege to be used, not earned. YOUWGSTBR.—Please explain Rom. xi. 7. I can only give you a few suggestions. The words "That which Israel seeketh for (justification or acceptance with God), that he obtained not; but the election obtained it, and the rest were hardened," are part of a long and beautiful argument which needs to be read as a whole, rather than discussed in fragments. It must be an evident fact to you that rejection of Jesus Christ as a Saviour necessarily shuts the door upon our salvation (Acts iv, 12) and yet we -are told "a hardening in part hath befallen Israel until the f ulnesB of the Gentiles be come In ; and so all Israel shall be saved ;" and again, " As ye in time past were disobedient to God, but now have obtained mercy by their disobedience, even so have these also now been disobedient, that by the mercy shown to you they dlso may now obtain mercy. For God hath shut up all unto disobedience, that He might have mercy upon all." Rom. xi. 25, 26, 31, 32. Have y'ou ever noticed that God chose a nation, and of that nation certain individuals, whom he specially favored, that they might "bring glad tidings of good things to every human being? " MABEL.—Do you mind writing to me? lour questions interest me so much that I wish you would send me a letter. , . All letters, references, questions for explanation, and suggestions, in connection with this column, should be addressed to " Thalia Curtis," Colonist office, Leigh-street, Adelaide. Dear friends—I very nearly forgot to ask you to hnd some of the Bible encouragements to prayer for next W66K ? ALLIB and LIZZIE.—Thank you for Matt. vi. 12. The others have already been quoted. Please excuse your question until next week. 