n LITERATURE. ~ GERMANY PAST AND PRESENT.* Second Notice. " The <Pru- old Holy Roman realm 11 uw does it bold together ?" | auig Frosch, in the famous Aucrbach Cellar iscenu in " Faust." The old German Empire van indeed very loosely held together. It was made tip of powers and principalities which were perpetually at daggers drawn. The Emperor could not rely on the Princes j for support, and the Princes were jealously mistrustful of the Kaiser's power. The King of Germany, as head of the Holy Roman Empire and King of Italy, had a difficult part to' play. The Bishops looked to the Roman Pontiff as their spiritual head, the Princes plotted for their own independence. The Popes of Rome long cherished the dream of establishing the throne of Peter tempo rally as well as spiritually over Italy; the fulfilment of this dream was rendered impos sible by the power of Germany; hence the discord sown by the prelates who sought to advance the temporal power of the Popes, The dismemberment of the Empire was the . direct result of the loose confederation of the States composing it, and the interference of the Holy See. The mere newspaper reader knowsjhow, since the Franco-Prussian war, there is not a State in Germany which does not exist on sufferance of Prussia. Grand Duchies have been absorbed in quick succes sion. Since 1871 tho system of centralization bos gone on unchecked. It is conjectured that the Falk laws were passed by Bis marck's agency because the Chancellor recog nized that the old, old foe to the German J unity—the Catholic Church — might again prove a stumbling-block and a rock of offence if it were not forced absolutely to acknow ledge the supremacy of ilie State. Sir. Baring-Gould is of opinion, however, that in this Bismarck committed a great error. "Since 1871," he says, "I have been every year to Germany, and have talked with every Bort of person, and have become more and more convinced that this was the case." It is certain that Wore the celebrated May laws were passed the Catholic Church enjoyed complete immunity from anything akin to persecution in Prusfia. Theeoncila tory spirit manifested by the Government I had the must happy result in completely | securing the lojaity of Westphalia, the Flemish Provinces and Silesia. A brief account of the way in which this order of things was reversed may not be out of place, as much vagueness still exists in the public mind regarding tile enactments which have so disastrously affected the Catholic subjects of the Germau Emperor. On July 4, 1872. the Emperor signed at 15ms a law exjielling Jesuits and their alii hated Orders. On May 20,1873, it was announced hy the Chancellor that the Redeuiptorists, Lizarists, the Con gregation of Priests of the Holy Ghost, and the Society of the Sacred Heart were included in this condemnation. On February 0, 1875, a law was signed which withdrew the I registration of births and burials from the clergy, and placed it in the hands of officers of the State, and also made civil marriages com pulsory. On February 26, 1876, an addition was made to the penal code of the Empire, drawn up in 1871, which made the clergy amenable to punishment for uttering any ex pression in public or for printing anything which imperils the public peace. These are the only ecclesiastical laws affecting the Empire, but a whole string of laws has been enacted, first in Baden and tben in PruBsia, applicable to both these States. On July 8, 1871, the ministry of the Catholic religion in the Kingdom of Prussia was suppressed, and one ministry of religion was constituted for Catholics and Protestants. On March 15, 1873, the office of Chaplain-General in the army for Catholics was done away with. Other Acts were passed to give petty annoyance; but those of May, 1873, were more serious. The law of May 11, requires that no prie3t shall enter on a cure of souls who ha3 not passed through an examination iu a German gymnasium, spent three years iu a German University, and passed an examination in three faculties, of which theology shall not l>e one. It forbids candidates for orders residing in a College together whilst studying in the University. And this, be it remem - bered, while Protestants are allowed to live .in the Johanneuin at Berlin, and the College of the same .name at Breslaa, and the Evangelical College at Leipzig. It forbids the opening of new schools, and.the takiugof fresh pupils into the old schools as candi dates for the ministry. It requires tile Ordinary to announce to the; State the nomination to a cure oi souls, aad provides that in the event of a Bishop appointing a priest who has not hi* Govern man t certifi cate he shall l;e fined from 630 to 1,090 marks, £30 to £150. There are other provisions, but these are the most impurtaut. Oa December £, 1873, a law was passed requiring the Bishops before recognition by the State to take an oath of obedience to these laws. On May 21, 1874, additional provisions were added, making it peual for a priest to exercise any religions function, unless he has his ticket of qualification from the State, and authorising the parish or State to. appoint a priest to a vacant care of souls without the consent of the Bishop should he uominate contrary to the law. By law of Fdbruary IS, 1876, the religious instruction given to Catholic children iu schools is subjected to the supervision and approval of jtbe State.. Why was this warfare—the Kultut-kampf as it is termed, undertaken ? The auiwer given by its partisans are that Ultramontknism was a standing menace to the unity of the Empire, and that sternly repressive measures were needed ; that it was necessary for the wel fare of tire country that education of the young should be under the supervision and absolute control of the State; a .id that it was necessary that [those destined for the pritstlood should have a more liberal train ing ti an that provided by the seminary system No lesson is move emphatically taught by history thau that the results of legislation are as a rule widely different from the conse quences i ntieipated by legislators. Prince Bismarck has had fair around for calculating that the young clergy who were educated under strict State supervision, until the age of twenty-four, would be broadened into something like cultured indifference when they entered on their clerical career. But a directly opposite result is likely to ensue. Previously the Catholic clergy in Germ my were almost wholly recruited from the class of small farmers; on all sides the Church provided cheap lodging houses — - Colleges—for poor boys and men preparin for the ministry, where they were under strict clerical control. These establishments have now been closed. The State will not allow the young man studying for the ministry to be under any special religious or mora influences and restraints during his Univer sity career. This makes bis University life infinitely more expensive, and surrounds bis course with dangers from which the simple pious bauer may well shrink. The number who henceforth enter the Church because devoted to the calling by their parents must therefore lessen more and more. Those who became priests more because their parents planned such a course for them than from any ardent desire on their own part, have seldom turned out bigots. But in the future this class must be supplanted by those who are self-devoted. A religions enthusiast trained under a military system, which is perpetually hampering his pursuit of the object of his life, is nurtured into hatred of the obstructive power. " He has it urged on hiui all his life,' says Mr. Baring-Gould, "that allegiance must be undivided, and when lie becomes a xu-iest lie will feel that he has passed iutci uuoifcer army, and lie will transfer his allegiance entire to his new superior, the l'ope. lie has been taught that God and (jiesur, ihe Outrun and the Blinpire, cannot be served at once, and he will regard them us hostile principles and powers. He will view liiir.seii us pieuged by his ordina tion to his new muster, to wage untlagging warfare with the seeular power, whieii is •anti- ecclesiastical aud anti-Christian." It would be impossible to give any ade quate account witiini the limits of an article such as this, of the actual state of affairs which was the direct result of the May laws in the Catholic ] >urtiuus of G ernuuiy. Bismarck as a statesman stands aioue in iiurope. It is impossible nut to do homage to his magnificent and svv eepiug dn ectucss in action, his long amp well-tried services to ms native laud. But it is equally impossible for a candid observer to deny the giuve auseliief which his success as aa absolute dictator has wrought. He muzzled the 1'ress, and the ordinary citizen ; hcjliao attempted to muzzle men's consciences, aild to bind litem hand and loot in the meshes of absolutism. He dismissed one alter another the great Ministers Dalbritck, Camphausen, Balk, and x>nt in their places a trio of insiguiiicaut clerks, blindly aud slavishly devoted to himself. He has so governed the Kuipire that its fortunes de pend upon him xiolitically to an almost in credible extent. But more and more his position becomes isolated aud critical; he has completely alienated the great Liberal party, a fact very emphatically demonstrated by his late humiliating defeat by the Reichstag. The difficulties raised by the Balk laws ure far from being laid, but the compromise effected in Baden two years ago is, no doubt, to some extent on indication of what must linally be in one form or other effected in Germany at large. In that kingdom the Chamber of Keiiresentatives, in Bebruary, 1880, wholly swexit away the intolerable restraints that had been placed on the clergy. 