TALES &SKETOHES.; ' THE HAUNTED ENGINEER. How Bessie's Ghost Warned licr Gladdened Jjsvcr from Shadow Land. . ; . When* I was a boy I liad a consuming desire to become a railroad engineer. As I trudged i along in the furrow behind a plough on hot summer days no political thoughts of fertile glebe, golden harvest, or garnered sheaves filled my brain, for every few hours long trains of csrs sped their swift way along a line of rail road that cleft a neighbour's field diagonally, as usual. Almost as far as the eye could reach I could see the great clouds ot bUck coal-smoke trailing iu mid-air, as it were, along the sinuous course of • the track. I would watch it with eager eye as it approached, gaze with boyish adoration upon the mighty train as it swept by me, and follow the line of smoke until every vestige of it had dis\ppeared beyond the horizon of the broad and fertile Illinois prairies. To me a locomotive was a thing of life, and to ba the master-spirit that should control the monster seemed to me then to be the ultimatum of existence. At last my heart's gr »at desire was about to Be realised. * Through the influence of a friend I secured a position as fireman on a freight train, on.the main trunk of the Chicago and Alton railroad. I repaired to Bloomington •with all possible despatch to accept the position, •which I considered, however, only as a stepping stone to the one desire of my heart. The' next morning after my arrival I reported to fhe master mechanic for duty. Engine number 123 was brought out of the round-house, and I was told to mount the foot-board. I ascended the steps on the fireman's side, so that I could be able to get a good Tiew of my engineer as I entered the cab. As I stepped upon the foot board a smiling face greeted me, and I was saluted with the words: ' Hello, are you the new boy thatT have got to break iu?' The look and tone re- assured me, and I stepped boldly into the cab, and soon after entered upon my duties. I soon learned that the name by which my engineer was.gcncrally known was 'Scotty,' but it was not until several days afterward tint I found his full name to be John Scott. But he was so genial, pleasant, jolly, and whole souled, that everybody who knew him delighted to indulge in the liberty of calling him Scotty, as a sort of pet name. Scotfcy ana I soon became fast friends. I was frank with liim, and told him boldly what my am-' bitions were, and as he had worked up over the same road he was more tban willing to lend a helping hand to me. In a very short time, under his careful training, I acquired sufficient knowledge of the workings of the engine to drive it myself. Days and weeks went by rapidly, and, to tell the truth, after the novelty had worn off, and I was brought face to face with the long years of weary work that lay before me, I began to realise that there was • about as much monotony in shovelling coal into a red-hot furnace all night, as there had been in following a plough all day. The sameness of our lives was seldom broken except for a mo ment, sometimes, at a station of considerable importance. There -was,, however^ one .exception to this rule. At a small way-station there was some thing ? which always - served to brent the monotony of the run; for Scotty and I soon became so much interested, through a sort of brotherly feeling for him, that I, too, looted forward to that event as the only one of pleasure during the whole trip. The name of the little station was Plainview—evidently so named from the fact that it was situated on a small, open plateau that lay between belts of timber; one following the siouous windings of Coop's Creclc on the south, and the other the Macoupin Creek on the north. Very near the dep6t stood the large residence of a rich old farmer, upon whose land the station had bef-n located, in consideration of his granting the company the right of way through his estate. TTis only daughter, Bessie, was, when I first saw her, a perfect ideal of beautiful'woman hood. Cheeks rosy as an apple, bair black as a raven, and eyes bright and sparkling as diamonds, and a figure symmetrically moulded. Truly she was the belle of the country round about, and would have vied with the veriest queen of beauty. I soon discovered that a strong attachment existed between Scolty and Bessie. Brora him I learned that when he was firing, in the days gone by, when both were much younger, an innocent sort of flirta tion sprang up between them, which had gradually ripened into honourable and thoroughly reciprocated love. Every day, as we passed up, as soon as the engine stopped, Bessie would bound up the steps, and, after planting a warm kiss of love on Scotty's lips, would seat herself by his side, and remain there till all the side-tracking of cars was done, arid we were ready to proceed on our way." She always brought us a generous supply of fruit, and not infrequently cakes and other table delicacies, as wc had to eat our lunch out on the run. Thus it was that Plainview, although an insignificant place, came to have: much attraction for us both. And so matters continued to move on in pretty even tenor until late in the fall. An accident happened one night by which an engineer on one of the passenger trains was killed. This occasioned some chance?, and, among others, Scolty was put in charge of Engine number 155, and ordered to take the run of the Lightning Express, which ,left St Louis for Chicago at 8.30 p.m. Seotty took me with him, much to my delight, as the work would be lighter, and life not quite so dreary as on a freight engine. The time schedule brought us to Plninvicw at 0.45, and, as train made only five stoppages between St. Louis and Chicago—competition between our line and the Tilinois Central being so very close —of course we did not stop at Plainview, and siw no more of Bessie at the station. Every night, however, as wc wc«.t rushing through ' the place at The rate of forty miles an hour, • we caught sight of a light at an upper window of the old farmer's nmusion. and a glimpse of a sweet face pressed against the pane. A sharp shriek of the whistle was Scotty's signal of j acknowledgment. At length, one night we passed up, and there was no light at the window, though we could see that there was.a light in the room, fr'eotfcr gave liis customary salute, but no response cam*. Again and again wo passed up on our regular run, and still nothing was seen of Bessie's face j at the window. . Scotty became sactlv worried; ! for he knew that sickness alone would prevent Bessie from responding to his signals. On the fourth night-, as we passed through the station, we noticed many pcoplo moving about with lanterns, and far up the track wc passed a party of a lialf-doren or more. Of course, at our rate of speed we dashed by them liko a llash. and could not divine their mission. . Soon after wc passed thorn we came to tho grade, which w-s very steep, leading from the plateau on'.which the town was situated to the bottom lands, as they were called, through which the Macoupin Creek meandered on its way to I lie '.Father of Waters'—the majestic Mississippi. Usually Scotty closed the throttle, threwthe reverse lever up to the centre, and allowed the momentum of the train to carry us down the grade. The train, which was a heavy one—consisting of baggage and express cars, three coaches, and two Pullman sleepers—usually made our regular rate of speed over this span of road, impelled by that force alone. But to-night Scotty was seem ingly absent- minded;" for when we started down the grade lie neglected to shut the steaui off. Soon we had attained a fearful, rate of speed; but it was not my place to make sug gestions, and so I caught hold of the cabbraccs and clung to them for dear life, for the engine seemed to be bounding through the air several rods at a time instead of running smoothly on the rails. Near the foot of the grade was a sharp curve, and beyond that a straight and level stretch of track for about two miles, when the up-grado on the other side of the stream was encountered. My only fear was that when we came upon the curve the engine would jump the tract, and probably land us in eternity. When wc struck the curve' wc were certainly running at the rate of sixty miles an'hour. I was straining every nerve of eyesight peering into the darkness beyond, and in following the two lines of bright steel rails as fast as they were revealed by the rays of the head-light. I turned to look across the cab at Scotty for a moment. He sat there like a rtatue, one hand on the throttle and the other on the 3 ever of the Westinghousc a'*r-brakc. He was looking ahead along the track, but only in a mechanical sort of way, evidently not giving much thought to the immediate surroundings I again fixed my eyes upon the track, and just as I looked, about fifty yards ahead of the engine, and from out of the darkness of tho inner side of the curve, a woman, clothed in white, stepped upon the track. Quicker than tbouglit e'eotty applied the full power of the air-brake, and, without closing the throttle, threw the reverse lever over, and thus held t':e drivers stationary as they passed over the sanded track. But it was all in vain, for the momentum of that ponder ous train drove the engine on at a fearrul rate of speed. I grasped the whistle cord, and soundedthedanger-signahbutthewomanseemed oblmous to it ail. The full glare of the head light fell upon lier just for a hnoment before the cruel pilot struck lier, and slie was crushed under the pitiless wheels. Hut; O God! what did that moment reveal to us in. that cab? It was our-own dear Bessie! Seeming to realise, when it was too late to pre vent it, the fate that awaited her, just as the full light fell upon her, she clasped lier hands across her bosom, and turned her face toward heaven, a? if imploring God and his good angels to receive her spirit, which would so soon he ruthlessly set free from the body. Scotty fell upon tho foot-board a3 one struck dead, when the full realisation of what must be the only result Hashed through his brain. He was spared the heartrending sensation of seeing Iris idol crushed beneath the grinding wheels; but not so with me. As the pilot struck her, she fell to the left, and thus I saw the mangled form as I passed over it being crushed into an unrecognisable mass. The train came to stand-slill witlitn three lengths of itself, and <13 it did so I closed the throttle, and turned my attention to Scotty. . % He rallied in a moment, and seeming to com prehend the whole situation, bounded out of the cab, and ran back along the track at his utmost spsed. I followed close behind him He met the conductor, and without a word of explanation, snatched the lantern from his hand and sped on. A short distance from the rear end of the train he came to all that remained of the earthly form of her, to save whose life Scotty would gladly have died. May God in his goodness spare me from witnessing such a scene as that again in nil the days of my cart lily pilgrimage. I. then had some conception of that agony of soul and heart whcronf.it is written that drops of blood were sweat by The sufferer. In a few minul s the entire body of passengers were standing agliist, viewing the scene with decpnompassion Thcmoansandsobs of poor, strickcnScoity were truly distressing, and the once -week face of Bessie, r.ow revealed in the glimmer of the lantern, bore an expression of such unmitigated horror that to see it once was to have it haunt, one to the crave. At hist ScoTy's find, hurst of grief subsided, and, rising from where lie had been kneeling beside the prone and mangled form of Bcssie, .lie turned to rac with a look of mute appeal in his eyes I stepped to the front and stated in a few words who the dead girl was, and the re lation that had existed between her and Scotty. When this was all known, a deep groau went out uyon the midnight stillness, which came from hearts full of the deepest sympathy. The remains of the dead Bessie wore taken up by gentle hands and placed in a berth of the rear sleeper, ficotty remained by them while I went forward and took charge of the engine. We backed up to the station, and were there met by a lu- gc and anxious throng, for our approach had been scon, and it. was known that; we must have the missing girl on; board, cither, dead or alive. It was hoped that she was alive,. for.' it was thought that possi bly Scotty had scon her aud. hud stopped the train, and takon her on board. . At , the depdb another scene of anguish transpired.. Tho loved one was lost. 'Dead!* was the only, word uttered, and that was spoken with bated breath and amid sobs. Time was very precious to in now, and wc only tarried long enough for the remains to be removed, but while there I learned that Bessie had been very sick with a fever, and, becoming delirious, she had escaped from her watchers, aud sped along the railroad track, ouUtrippiug her pursuers, and thus laid met lior death. Taking a man on board with me as fireman, I took t he train through the remainder of fclie run without further accident, leaving* poor sorrow-stricken Scotty with his dead. , At iho end of a week he came back agaiu and took his old post, but lie was tadly changed, and appeared to be only a wreck of liis former self. That night wc ftarted out on our run, and in time came to the town of Brighton, where the T.ouis branch of the Chicago, Burlington,.and Q.uincy hailroad crosses the Chicago and Alton main line, where we should have come to a stop, according to railroad regu lations. But -what was my surprise ivbcn Scolty failed to even shut off tho throttle I spoke to Jiim about it, and he said:. 11 am nob in any condition to run.her to-; night; you take her and I'll fire for you.'. Wc exchanged places and sped along. When wc came to Plainview I saw Scotty take one long look at tho houso where the signal-light of love used always to be burning brightly in the win dow for bim, and. then -ho buried his face against the cushion of the window-rail of the cab. Wc soon came to the grade, and tlio train went wliirling down it without a pound of steam. Presently, as we ncared the fatal curve Scotty looked up, and Ills eyes seemed to be rivelted into the darkness ahead. Suddenly I saw him start, and with one bound he was over on my side of the cab, and had closed the throttle and thrown the air-brakes on.' The train was soon brought to a standstill, and. I asked him what was the occasion of this extra ordinary proceeding. As lie looked up at me his eyes were starting out of their sockets almost, and they had tho glare of a maniac in them. It all flashed upon me in a moment. Poor Scotty had lost his mind from grief, and now, when passing over the scene of the fearful tragedy, it was again enacted in his distorted imagination. The liorrorof spending the night alo e in the cab with a maniac came upon me. in its full realisation. In answer to my inquiiy why he hod stopped the train, lie replied, with bated breath: , * Why, didn't you see. her ? We've run over Bessie again, sure; for I saw her standing on the truck just hs I jumped for the lever.' 'Come, come, Scotty,' I replied; 'Bessie is dead, and I hope in heaven. You did not see her there.* ' But she was there,' he answered.. 'But we didn't kill her this time: so so SlllOJlfl' . * ' I moved, on, and, much to my relifif, Scotty •was perfectly rational during the remainder of the run. Our runs south, or from. Blooming ton to St Louis, wero made in the. early, morn ing ; hence, of course, he did not imagine that i he saw Bessie as . we passed the place of her death. He continued mc in charge of the engine, however, and said th»t he should do so till liis mind got clear and his nerves steady again. • On our up trip the next night I expected a repetition of tlie former proceedings, and was prepared to prevent him from, causing his hallucinations to interfere with the running of the train. As we approiclicd the curve. I- saw him gazing intently ahead, and -then X saw him start, then stop, and stare into the dark ness, and then fix liis eyes seemingly upon some object and watch it with, intense earnest ness, following it with liis eyeB till lie passed it apparently and lost sight of it He turned to mc, liis face all wreathed in smiles and aglow with "pleasure and said 5 ' Didn't you sec Bessie then ?' 4 "Why, I did. And she looked so sweet and perfect, and pure, and happy, that the very thought of her as I saw her makes me happy also. And ns I passed her she threw a kiss to mc. I wish you could havi'secn licr.' ' I'oor Scotty!' I mused j 4wilL lie ever bo free from these vagaries - And so matters finally settled down to their j old routine, and f-'cotty again-took charge of his engine, and X went back to shovelling ! coal, after a few weeks of realisation of my boyish hopes—liaviug.chargc of an cngino. Wo never, however, passed over the curve that Scotty did not lean far out of the cab window, and toss a kiss into what seemed to me to be empty darkness, and wh\n lie turned his fueclo me again, it was always radiant with happiness. I became deeply interest d, and began to wonder if it were purely imagination, after all, with him. But from the fact that I could see nothing I argued that he could not. One morning in the following March, as wo passed over the large iron bridgo which spans the Macoupin Creek, on our southward run, we noticed tint the stream was swollen till the water was overleaping ils bunks, but as this hud oc-urrod once or twice previously we gave it no afterthought. Bub a deep snow lay on the ground when the rain bo*an the day previous, and this was melting very fast, und served materially to nugment tho volume of water which was being poured into tho stream. All daylong tho rain fell in sheets and torrents, und the great banks of snow were melting like salt. The telegraph brought in news of swollen streams all along the line, and as we pulled out of ICast St. Louis, for this was before tho construction of the bridgo acro/s tho MisaWippi at that, place, tho last orders *vo re ceived were to run with caution. All freight trains were taken off tho line, and we lmd the track to ourselves. At first we were very careful coming almost to a stop ujjon approacbiuga bridge or trestle, but as wo found them all in good order wo soon began to speed up, and ran .along about at our usual rate, making the different stations about on schodulo time. The night was as-dark as it i9 possible to imagine, and torrent* of rain fell.in blinding'(belies. The whole line, of , the truck gccuicd almost. Hooded. Wh*n wo eaine to the grade leading down to the ^Eacoupin.Creek X asked Scolty if.., 1 to * slow up'at the bridge. he intended to * slow up < Ho,' lie replied, * that is an open iron,struc- ^ ture, and has great stone buttresses. ..It won't,, go down till the water is ten foet; over the., top,. of the track' . . . I mounted my scat' preparatory to, tlic run .; down the grade, during wbieli I ,was not re- . quired to fire any, as no steam was used. I fell to musing, my eyes mechanically, followingdho lincsofmilsstrctchingfur away into thodavkncs3 •: of the dismal and dreary night.. -Unconscious of; the fact, we came upon t.ho curve; where Bessie had beon killed. Suddenly the; d«y; of the month flashed into my .mind, and 1- remcm-, ? bcrcd that it was three months to a day—yea to an hour-since she liad met her sad fate.- All r t this passed through my. brain in a moment. / I' j noticed that -wo were near > the i.pluce -jwhere Scotty always leaned out of the cab-window.; to. , throw his kiss, and J looked to see if,lie.would,.» open his window to-night ucd lean out.intoithcjj drenching storm, i I saw .him reach .for the.,c fash, then stop and gaze; down: the. track in front of us. Hnturally I, too,-, lookcdun.thc : j same direction. 3Ey complete and utter,sur prise can be better imagined than, described, when .1 fully comprehended what my.- eyes rested upon. There in front of us stood Bessie,.. * just as natural as I had cver.secn.hcr in.cartbly;; life, only she was now* more beautiful,^if-thaiod were possible. .The full glare of; the head-light fell.upon lier, and she seemedto be not more than .; one hundred feet , from the; engine.: !>Every . t feature and lineament of her countenance were plainly visible. .On her. sweet, pure .face, •• there was an., expression of mute appeal...i In . her - right hand . she .held ;;a: red-,, light, which she moved, . up ! and .down,':, thus giving the -regulation i danger,, signal; As the train advanced she seemed to >rcccde, moving swiftly, up the track.witli a gliding mo-b tioo, and always keeping the same distance , ahead of the engine.- I -looked across the cab.-' > at Scotty. . He was looking at mo intently, with ; an expression such as l had never seen on mor-, -r tal facs before.. I was; the first to .break,the silence.* .. . . : *Do you see Bessie ?,'• said I. 'Do you?! was bis reply. . ,;! . 'Yes; and she is waving a danger signal.' r • SballT stop the train ? V . i 'Yes, at tho bridge,' I replied. ..'That is ' where the trouble is.' Scotty let the train run nlong.till within two ; hundred yards of the bridge, wlion he applied the. brakes, and at tbc distance of one hundred feet from it we came to a standstill. Bessie - and her danger signal had continued in advance<; of us, and now she seemed to be standing in the,! portal of the bridge which spanned the swollen stream. The rays of the headlight revealed.-, the bridge standing in seeming security, while on all sides there was a foaming sea of seething waters rusltiog madly against the embankment, of the railroad and under the bridge. ...• i . ' Shall wc try to.cross?' said Scotty. » r,.<. . ;• •! It was now. my turn.-to be superstitious.: 'Ho,' I replied j .' it will be certain death. Dor you hot still , see Bessie :standing at ;tho S entrance of the bridge with her danger.signal in hand ?V - * , . , * Yes'... ;• ;. ',v. Just as he uttered that monosyllable wo' heard a crash, and looking quickly ahead, saw* J j the massive structure go dashing into the foam-; ing torrent below. < . ; , But neither Bessio nor herlight were tlicrc: when wc looked again.. She had performed her ; mission. She.had. comeback from tbebother world to save her lover's life , . Years have pas?ed by since that memorable year of my apprenticeship, but the events of ; those few short months arc. indelibly stamped upon the tablets of my memory.: I ani now' at liberty to reveal them to the world, for Fcolty has crossed tlmt silver-bridge called Death, which spans from mortal life to life immortal, . and who shall say that ho and his beloved;; Bessie are not again united in that purer, holier, and. far. inprc blessed existence; which wo all hope to find among t he Islands of Hie Blessed, in the Summer Land of Eternal Love! LyJCAN" Ii. PAUilKK. Ifupa, August, 1SS2. : ;• 'HiGlt-PALUiix.—Wc are' told that' there, was a paper in. Cincinnati' which was very : much given to Miigh-fulutiri' on tho sub* * jectof 4 this great country,* until a rival .. paper somewhat modified its.contiiiuul bounce . with the following burlesque: —{This' is 1 a glorious country ! : It has longer rivers, and more: of them; and they arc muddier ' and deeper, ami run fast errand rise higher, arid make more noise, and fall lower, and do more ' damage than nny body else's rivers.',' It hn3 more lakes, und they are bigger, and deeper, and clearer, and wetter than those of any other country. Our mil-cars are bigger, and run faster, and'piich off the track oftencr, and' kill . more people than nil otrirr rail-cars in this and ovcry other country. Our steamboats carry bigger loads, are longer and broader, burst their boilers offenor, and send up their passen gers higher, und the captains swear harder than * steamboat captains in any oth'T count ry. Our men are bigger; and longer, und thickercan'*,' fight harder and faster, drink more mean wlii-ky, chew more had tobacco, an f spit more, and spit further than in atiy other country.: Our ladies are richer, prettier, dress liner, spend more money, break more hotrts, wear bigger hoops thnn all other ladies in till other coun tries. Our children squall louder, grow faster, get too expen?ivo for their pantaloons and he come twenty years older sooner by some months than any oilier children of at?y other country on the earth.' 