CHURCH HISTORY, TO THE EDITOR. Sir—The letter of the Rev. F. T.. Whiting ton, which appeared in the Advertiser of the 11th inst., does not throw any - additional light upon the; questions which were raised between Archdeacon Dove and myself. So Par from that lie adds additional errors- to those which he professes to justify and to hold as truths. From his reference to Article XXV. of the Anglican Church he wishes to convey the inference that that church does not. deny the doctrine that there are seven sacraments, but rather that it tacitly admits it, the proof he offers being contained in these words :—" The article does not declare that there are but two sacra- ■ ments, but that there are two sacraments ordained of Cliristinthe Gospel, and that those five commonly called sacraments are not to be counted sacraments of the Gospel. and have not the like nature with baptism and the holy Eucharist." Mr. WJiitington .continues :— "This is in full accord 'with our catechism, which insists that the two sacraments of the Gospel are those alone which are generally [i.e. universally)' necessary to salvation." This is mere special pleading, because the Church of England does not include seven sacraments in her articles of faith, and it is. not in accordance with the catechism, which mentions no more than two. The Church- of' England does not teach the doctrine of the seven-, sacraments. The Privy Council lias declared that in baptism there is no regenera tion, thus reducing the practice to a mere rite or observance, and depriving of. its sacra mental character. Confirmation is called and looked upon as a. rite only. Confession, although enjoined in the English Book of Common Prayer, is rejected and scouted by the majority of English Church 'men. Extreme unction is never prac tised by the Anglicans, and holy orders and matrimony are not regarded as sacra ments at all. St. Chrysostom believed in all of these sacraments in the same sense as the Roman Church believes in and teaches them to this day, so that on this question alone the Anglican Church diverges widely from the belief of the Catholic Church in Chrysostom's day, and therefore cannot be held to belong to it. I fully acknowledge the authority of St. Cyprian's opinions in matters theological, but 1 am not prepared to believe that because St. Cyprian said "It is to little purpose to be baptised and to receive the Eucharist unless we also abound in good works"—that.he held'. the doctrines on the subject of the sacraments which are peculiar to the Anglican Church. The dictum does not even recognise " the sufficiency of the two great sacramental ordinances." On the contrary, he dis tinctly says that they are of no avail unless something else is done by those who receive these sacraments. Again, these two great sacramental ordinances " were not in the time of Chrysostom," and are not now generally, i.e. isuniversally, necessary for, salvation, because infants and children" of tender years could not receive the latter. On this point, therefore, the Anglican Church dissents from the belief of Chrysos tom and differs from that of the Roman Church of the present day. St. Chrysostom lived and died in' full communion with the See of Rome, as may be seen from his works and his homily " Be prccrogativo Sancti, Petri," and lie believed the doctrine of the real presence in the. Eucharist as Rome did. See his work "Be Sacerdotisand if Mi*. Wliitington -will read that work the quotation he gives from the letter to Casarius will ap peal* as a part of an argument and not as a • distinct Exposition of doctrine. The fact that > Chrysostom communicated with the Bishops \- of Milan hnd Aquilcia does not at all affect * the question of the supremacy of the see of Peter, nor of his belief in it; for he asserts it in his homilies in the most distinct terms in at; least six different places and ways; At, all events, when he was driven out of1 Constantinople lie ap pealed to Pope Innobent I.,' who rein stated him. As regards the Council of 331; known as the second General Council, Mr. Wliitington does not mention the fact that it was not summoned by the Pope, but by the Emperor Thcodosius in order to settle the Macedonian heresy. The decisions of this council condemned the heresy, and added some words to those adopted in forming the Nicene creed, in order to declare explicitly the teaching of the church concerning the incarnation of the Son and the divinity of the Holy Ghost. It was not until several years afterwards that the decrees of this council were confirmed by the Pope, and then only was it acknowledged and regarded as a general council. This fact affords addi tional evidence of the Roman supremacy, . and it is further strengthened by the dis allowance by the Pope of the third canon, which was agreed upon by the assembled bishops. Perhaps, as Mr. Whiting ton ob serves, "those bishops were not over powered by a sense of then- duty of submission to Rome and naturally enough, because the question of Roman pre rogative did not arise then or come before them. They obeyed the call of Theodosius, however, whose-sole object was to extinguish a troublesome -heresy in his dominions, and to maintain the unity of the church over which the Pope was supreme. Since the above was written I have noticed the letter from "the Ven. Archdeacon Dove which appears in your columns this morning. I must:say in.reference to it that there is , nothing advanced which has any fresh bear ling uppn:the points at. issue, but there is a great deal of new matter which is not more '-.correct than that which preceded it. I must observe at the outset that tlie Greek Church did not separate from the Latin Church till 1053.' Iii"§58 a temporary schism took place, which died out on the death of its promoter. If the Church of England holds the same doctrines and' is governed by the same order of ministers as. the Universal Church held and possessed.in 858l then she is to all intents Roman Catholic; but she does not hold the sjime doctrines as the Latin Church held befoi'e -tlie Greek -schism, or as the Greek Chuiich held.after it. Both of those.churches • believe in transubstantiation, in regeneration, | in baptism—in the sevensacraments in short 1—besides the cultus of the Virgin Mary, the invocation; of saints', 'and prayers for the deadi The Anglican ..Church rejects all of these dogmas and obser'varfces. It is no doubt true that "the unity of the church is preserved by.tlie sacraments administered by a. duly constituted- order of-clergy, who transmit from generation, to generation the comihission first given by Christ to the Apostles,? but' tKat-unity.is badly exemplified by sects, -which, repudiate ■ the sacraments, ceremonies, and "dogmgs held by that founda tion which lies at the hoot ofhll Christianity. As aimatter of fact,;fche orders of the Church of England are not acknowledged by either the Greek or the Latin churches, and no amount of self ^assertion can override this difficulty. It is purely a legal entity. Its head is | a"Jay pca-soii;and awoihan? . Its final court.. of iappeal is a court of lawv It is rent into numerous sub-sects or factions, or as some designate-them schools of thought, and it has nc-itfiei- the;power.-nor-the'faculty of self government. Suclr defects cannot belong to a true church,- and do not belong to the , Church-Catholic. . With regard to the Eng ; liah Church in the year 325, there is no posi tive evidence that it had any existence as a national church in that time. That there were some Christians amongst the people is .most probable, because many Christians must have; gone to Britain with the Roman legions, but this would not ■ give ' them either an organisation or a status sufficient to enable them to occupy the proud [position of being able: to send bishops to. a general council. The fe>v Christians that might have existed in Britain disappeared before the invasion of the Saxons, and the people were pagan until Augustine and Boniface undertook their con version in 597. Archdeacon Dove cannot be well! versed in Chrysostom's writings, • otherwise *" he - would not assert that the : dogma of the seven sacraments ' did ; not exist in his day. He be ' lievod in them and preached them, as liis works abundantly prove, and notwithstanding Mr. Dove's sneer at the " corrupt following of the Apostles" which he ascribes to the Roman communion, the prelate he refers to» would have seen no reason to change his faitli if his writings are evidence of the con scientious belief of the man. It is a matter of surprise indeed to me, as well as to most others of my. creed, to see the anxiety dis played by Anglicans to fasten themselves on to the Catholic body by endeavoring to press the early fathers and their-writings into their service. The latest plenary inspiration of the Holy Ghost, claimed by the English Par liament as its-authority to found the Church of England and to mould the belief of the British people according to its ideas, ought to suffice for them-as a justification for anyj of the doctrinal vagaries in which it indulged at the time of the Reforma tion; A statute cannot bind the human conscience, and . this. truth was never more apparent than it now is amongst a numerous and influential section of the English Church. Its effects will not be fully realised until' the disestablishment of that church takes place. We shall then see fewer attempts made to claim for it attributes which it does not . possess, and one great hairier which prevents the union of the Anglican Church with the Church Catholic willlbe swept away. I have .to apologise for trespassing - so, largely on your space ; and . whilst, thanking you for your courtesy, I '.'■wisli to say that as far as I am concerned. ' this; correspondence will close here, as my general duties leave me no time to pursue it further. -I am, &c.t; JOSEPH PETERS. Adelaide,-April 12,1832. 