CHAPTER. XXXVI. WHAT WILL BE THE END 7 The end of the year drew near, the end of that last year of eighty-one, which, whatever its shortcomings, its burning heat of July, and its wretched rain of August, went out in sweet and gracious sunshine, and a December like unto the April of a poet. For six months Angela had been living among her girls; the place was become homelike to her; the work women were now her friends, her trusted friends; the voice of calumny about her ante cedents was silent, unless when it was the voice of Bunker; the Palace of Delight, whose meaning was as yet unknown and un suspected, was rising rapidly, and, indeed, was nearly complete, a shell which had to be filled with things beautiful and delightful, of which Angela did not trust herself to speak. She had a great deal to think of in those last days of the year eighty-one. The dressmaking was nothing; that went on; there was some local custom, and more was promised. It seemed as if, on the soundest principles of economy, it would actually pay; there was a very large acquaintance made at odd times among the small streets aud mean houseB of Stepney. It was necessary to visit these people, and to talk with them. Angela had nothing to do with the ordinary channels of charity; she would help neither curate, nor Sister of Merev, nor Bible-woman. Why, she said, do not the people stand shoulder to shoulder, and help themselves ? To be sure, she had the great advantage over the profes sional visitors that she was herself only a workwoman, and was not paid for any ser vices. And, as if there was not already enough to moke her anxious, there was that lover of hers. Were she and Hairy keeping company? ■ Dick Coppin asked this question, and Angela not altogether truthfully said that they were not. What else were they doing, indeed? No word of love, now; had he not promised to abstain ? Yet she knew his past; she knew what he hod given up for her sake, believing her only a poor dressmaker—all for love of her—and she could not choose but let her heart go forth to so loyal and true a lover. Many ladies in many tales of chivalry have demanded strange services from their lovers, none so strange as that asked by Angela, when she ordered her lover not only to pretend to be a cabinetmaker and a joiner, but to work at hi# trade and to live hy it. Partly in self-reproach, partly in admiration, she watched him going and coming to and from the Brewery, where he now earned, thanks to Lord Jocclyn's intervention, the sum of a whole shilling an hour. For there was nothing in his bearing or his talk to show that he repented bis decision; he was always cheerful, always of good courage; more, he was always in attendance upon her. It was he who thought for her, iuvented plans to make her evenings attractive, brought raw lads—recruits in the army of Culture—from the Advanced Club and elsewhere, and set them an example of good manners, and was her prime minister, her aide-de-camp, her chief vizier. And the end ot it all? JNay, tne tiling itself being so pleasant, why hasten the end ? And if there was to be an end, could it not b« connected with the opening of the Palace? Yes, when the Palace was ready to open its gates, then would Angela open her arms. For the moment, it was the sweet twilight of love; the half-hour before the dawn, the sweet uncertainty when all was certainty. And as yet the Palace was only just receiving 1 its roof'; the fittings and decorations, the organ and the statues and all had still to be put in. When everything was ready . . . then . . . then. Angela would somehow perhaps find wordB to bid her lover be happy i if she could make him happy. There could "be but one end. Angela came to Whitechapel, (incognita, a Princess disguised as a milkmaid, partly out of curiosity, partly to try her little experiment for the good of the workgirls, with tne gaiety and light heart of youth, thinking that before long she would return to her old place, just as she had left it. But she could not: her old I views of life were changed: and a man had changed them: more than that, a man whose society, whose strength, whose counsel had become necessary to her. "Who," she asked herself, "would have thought of the Palace except—him? Could I—could any woman ? 1 could have given away money: that is all: 1 could have been robbed and cheated: but such an idea, so grand, so simple—it is a man's, not a woman's. When I the Pnlace is completed, when all is ready for the opening—then— And then the air became musical with the clang and clash of wedding bells, up the scale, down the scale, in thirds, in fifths, with triple bob-majors, and the shouts of the people, and the trium phant strains of a wedding march. How could there he any end but onp, seeing that not only did this young man pre pent himself nearlv every evening at the diawing-room, when he was recognised as the director of ceremonies, or the leader of the cotillon, or the deviser of sports, from an acted prorarbc to a madrigal, but that, in addition, the custom was firmly established that lie and Angela should extend their Sun days together. When it rained they went to church together, and had readings in the drawing-room in the afternoon, with perhaps a little concert in the evening of sacred music, to which Borne of the girls would come. But if the day waB sunny and bright there were many places where they might go, for the east is richer than the west in pretty and accessible country places. They would take the tram along the Mile End-road, past the delightful old church of Bow to Staring Stratford, with its fine Town Hall, and its round dozen of churches aud chapels—a town of fifty thousand people, and quite a genteel place, whose residents preserve the primitive custom of fetching the dinner beer themselves, from its native public-house, on Sunday after church. ' At Stratford, there are many ways open it yon are a eood walker, as Angela was. You may take the Romford-road, and presently turn to the left, and find yourself in a grand old forest—only there is not much of it left called Hainault Forest. When you have crossed the forest you get to Uhigwell, and' then, if you are wise, you will take another six miles, as Angela and Harry generally did, and get to Epping, where the toothsome steak may he found, or haply the simple cold beef, not to be despised after a fifteen miles' waik. And so home by train. Or you may take the northern road at Stratford, ana walk through Leytonstone and Woodford, and leaving Epping Forest on the right, walk along the bank of the River Lea till yon come to Waltham Abbey, where there is a church to be seen, and a cross, and other marvels. Or you may go still farther afield and take train all the way to Ware, and walk through country roadB aud pleasant lanes, if you have a map, to stately Hatfield and on to St. Albans; but do not try to dine there, even if you are only one-and-twenty, and a girl. All these walks, and many more, were taken by Angela, with her companion, on that blessed day, which should be spent for the good of body as well as soul, They are walks which are beautiful in the winter as well as in the summer; though the trees are leafless, there is an underwood faintly coloured with its wiuter tint of purple, and there arc stretches of springy turf and bushes hung with catkins, and above all, there was nobody in the forest or on the roads except Angela and Harry. Sometimes the night fell on them when they were yet three or four miles from Epping; then as they walked in the twilight, the trees on cither hand silently glided past them like ghosts and the mist rose and made things look shadowy and large, and the sense of an endless pilgrimage fell upon them, as if they would always go on like this, side by side; then their hearts would glow within them, and they would talk, and the girl would think it no shame to reveal the secret thoughts of her heart, although the man with her was not her accepted lover. As for her reputation, where was it? JNot gone, indeed, because no one, among her old friendB, knew of these walks and this com panionship ; but in grievous peril. Or, when the day was cloudy, there was the City. I declare there is no place which con tains more delightful walks for a cloudy Sun day forenoon, when the clang of bells has finished and the scanty worshippers are in their places, and the sleepy sextons have shut the doors, than the Btreets and lanes of the old City. You must go, as Harry did, pro vided with something of ancient lore, other wise the most beautiful places will quite certainly be thrown away and lost for you. Take that riverside walk from Billingsgate to Blackfriars. Why, here were the quays, the ports, the whole commerce of the City in the good old days. Here was Cold Herbergh, that great, many-gabled house where Harry, Prince of Wales, "carried on" with Falstaff and his merry crew; here was Queen Hithe; here Dowgate with Walbrook ; here Bay nard's Castle, and close by the Tower of Montfichet; also a little to the north a thou sand placeB dear to the autiquarian, though they have pulled down so much; there is Tower Royal, where Richard the Second lodged his mother; there is the church of Whittington, close by the place where his College stood; there are the precincts of Paul's, and the famous street of Chepe. Do people ever think what things baye been done in Chepe ? There is Austin Friars, with its grand old church, now given to the Dutch, and its quiet City square, where only a few years ago lived Lettice Lang ton, of whom some of us have heard; there is the Tower Hill, on which was the residence of Alder man Medlycott, guardian of Nelly Carellis; and west of Paul's there is the place where once stood the house of Dr. Gregory Shovel, who received the orphan, Kitty Pleydell. But, indeed, there is no end to the histories and associations of the City, and a man may give his life profitably to the, mastery and mystery of its winding streets. Here they would wander in the quiet Sunday forenoons, while their footsteps echoed in the deserted streets and tliey could walk fearless in the middle of the road, while they talked of the great town and its million dwellers, who come like the birds in the morning and vanish like the birds in the evening, Or they would cross the river and wander up and down the quaint old town of Rother hithe, or visit Southwark, the town of hops and malt and all kinds of strange things, or Deptford the deserted, or even Greenwich; and if it was rainy they would go to church. There are a great many places of .worship about Whitechapel, and many forms of creed, from the Baptist to the man with the Biretta, and it would be difficult to select one which is less confident than another of possessing the real philosopher's stone, the thing for which we are always searching, the Whole Truth. And everywhere, church and chapel, filled with the well-to-do, and the respect able, and a Bprinkling of the very poor. But of the working men—none. " Why have they all given up religion ?" asked Angela. " Why should the working men all over the world feel no need of re ligion, if it were only the religious emotion ?" Harry, who had answers ready for many questions, could find none for this. Ho asked his cousin Dick, but he could not telL Personally, he said he had something else to do, but if the women wanted to go to church they might, and so long as the parsons and priests did not meddle with him, he should not meddle with them. But these state ments hardly seemed an answer to the ques tion. Perhaps in Berlin or' in Paris they could explain more clearly how this strange thing has come to pass. 