PARLIAMENTARY SUMMARY. s p THimswAY, August 24. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY THE Speaker took the chair at 3 30 p in Mr DICKSON brought up the report of a suit Committee concerning the Church Lands Mr and it consideration was ordered for the 7t5rSCImxRA PiLiiFU moved that the second son? of the Maryborough Cemetery Bill Sul an order of the direful the 7th Sep tCSrrC1HuMi Bl vck pi resented a petition from "IT, ministers in the northern portion of the star man,,' for relief from certain lonely colony I" " , n "r Idmu lHLMEKasked the Minister for ruled) At what probable date will the i m, latch a tramway from selection in the hall linnets be again thrown open to selec- fof i Is it contemplated to alter the Sins of conditions of selection in regard to All before again placing them before the able a. selection Bli PERKINS deplored the decision had yet been an ned at, but that inquiries had been made as to the a due of tb»uaLiLKiA>r. n,0Acd,-"Thatthcicbe laid ""the table of the House copies of all con sequence m r of e i once to the suspension and i c Stem at of Mr Rich, the police magistrate fields ne' Agi cod to Air 1 v lia gave me notice that he would ask ""in, ' a ne 4-6) When was the contract ?" St i um Budge signed' (2) When were the bona ' made s d) What was the engineer's ^oâ'tlie^iAof Mr Gkiphtii, the House within a menace to consider the desirable c o l stating i Ma to cast tells" a Bo "d if Phut cj in Queensland, and to make I. I ter i sion for the register ing of ph u ma council J Lists md for other purposes In coming e Mr GRIFFITH said he hoped to have of the instance from the Government to -L the Bill through It differed somewhat whom it introduced the previous session, musical fly as to the constitution of the Board of Li indian Union The Premier said there was in a bill from the Medical Board at the t oACimnent Printing Office, but recently ! i he was not hostile to the bill introduced by the leader of the Opposition Mr Curtin said the bill as now brought for war it was he thought, likely to meet the views of medical men and the chemists as well Tia CoiiiiuittieappiOA ed for of the bill, and on the House resuming, it was read a first time and its second leading was made an order of the also for 7th September Mr Allan moved the second reading of the Confer union-. Selections Bill He said the proposed fuchsia o would lellCAC selectors from certain con- tions. profited by the Crown Lands Alienation Act of 1973 and other Acts It line be said that a innate member had no Hit" to nil other such a treasure, but he delegated one of the largest agricultural districts in the colony in his electorate the face of had paid by selectors was much in her than in any other put of the colony The The the give it) of the measure and the effect is a small bay on the existing Acts It should be a 0 at relief to all selectors, and I can I ail limelight in settling the lands of the cold in the explained that the principal provisions of the measure are that it vi order b to ful row p runs holding conditional purchases or ! educate us selections contest miners to each other to fulfil the condition of residence on my l it of the contest minors selections, that iii of being of external boundaries of dec was held here fun should be a surf race imp by men, iKo had the election of a ghost in id fern." found in) all section of conditional p lulu e should be a sufficient improve went to turn to the select ii t i certificate of a liniment of i n htions s object to the condition of her fence Mr PERKINS said that ever since he had been in the House nell is inn had seen a similar area are intend (d As the hon member for Da ling Downs had said he would tree t liiothlieations in committee, he (Mr Pu' ins) would give his support to the bill It has t alter the financial arrangements of the Gove unionist and from his experience there on a given mg desire ever year on the part of he people that some such relief should be given Vii (arouse thought the hon member of Darling Downs had not thought out the elect of th me ism c is he should be thought in such make an alteration in the policy of the country should come from the Executive He st i n l opposed the bill, and thought when there was distress it would be quite time 10 offer chef Moreover, if the lion men his views were met, the greatest picture our beloved experienced would be offered to limiting He would move an amendment Vb Baa was objected, and flic SI i vote i ruled that the amendment could not be put Mr H n Bl vi K viasf ivouiabletothcpuncipleof the bill He considered that the present im- Itoiemcnt conditions kept back the melita lines ml be in nth selectors while in no on view in" i intend bench to the State The pi o] el bill would not encourage living) in" more than the line now in force, and would, in relieving" men of small means from the (federal expenditure for improvements, enable them to get a few head of cattle or sheep which would i ist them to c and on when fanning alone did not pay Mr ¿tssoi trusted that the bill would p iss into committee It would be a good thing if the selectors w ci o relieved from the improvement conditions ; they caused debts, and over and over again the selections as soon as the conditions were fulfilled fell into the h niels of speculators and land sharks are const Icied the bill would prevent dummy) in any promise bona fide settlement Mr. Hor w it said the people of the Darling Downs or of the districts Allora did not want the bill the difficult) there being that the areas that had been there taken up were too large he intended to a vote against the measure Mr. H? V,011'1' suPPort the second leading, but tioned that some amendments to meet the wishes of the results of his district would be made in committee Mr Norton approved of the provision in the bill in reference to fencing, is it was ann also to compel men to open 1 money on fences which they did not a mine, and was inclined to view the proposal with regard to confer ruinous elections can find me, although he had not seen the latter subject as much consideration «iiii01,1 in Isambert was convinced that the bill would facilitate land grabbing, and soul I do away with the necessity of those Lionel a present diminuendo breaking the left,"' ,m,lkl"¿ false declarations Mr in the objected to a private member at tempting" 11 amend the land laws of the colony, I,!! 712 like "w a responsibility which would be undertaken by the Government. lists ' i um objections to the bill, and said methought it would give special inducements to end, the ladies s of the colony Mr u',1 a "' need "> amendment on the motion to m, c?. i ' that the House declines to legislate on such a, important question of public policy e"Vie ''»'""istiationof the Crown lands on the motion <,fu p, dismember Mr Fraser i,,,!1' . ' t0 patchwork legislation of this of ling's is still the land of the colony. He mail I V ,,} Mr KINGSFORD, Who Said llO "" tell sions reasons see his way to vote for the di Mr FooTE entirely approved of the um ,, heat, and would take pretty good in "all left If 'it passed its second read Stay in my s l through committee Mr H. R N t,10"Sllt is quite light, when the Government did not think the of Li,', is not for a general amendment 1 in-., in 4 at a private member should s r i ., '"II, .>'"»?»' "lies to those who de- " , . Mr J yi ' USC- and there had dm níJ!0',""!01,11 a '" the Central district is S ," Kst mee case for some relief, such should In an 110 been on bathers blH Ho con,?, At the ,'"<,'"'«o all the support he col" the belief that it could be made a 5 'has" '" fnannittee Mr. M'ILWRAITH is not,. Visit Important matters of legisla- sea n i?! i i then taken by the Government a filip, 7, "we'". not been a demand that a colom iUllt,,r!Us,n«t»p land legislation of the If was all he 'might forward this session Sir I lu('°fuin.m<-"t declined to take the respon arising in six u',1CU1, measure, there was no ii in Li 0,ll0,",0Ul ".><.* support he could 1 V. V"- "hnt 110 c "«SKleieil a defect. To on the Hatan ,,,,Ul,1,t"' who opposed this bill "but slowly "'It it was sheltering with the Triennial i> ov<1'iiiieivt must vote against the Oastler till' """-'it's Ibu mttodiicnlb) Mr lil m ! (,11,UMl11 maintained that the in his , i 1915-16 .. alteration in the exist till " Vi 'JT that- player had been doing duty it, summons for shirking their 'fin for n, c; '1,f,",cu'. Plenty of piece 'ii ichnJi "U 1",C"1H1 ^»V'ingfoiviaida " en if you tip h 'md on the paper No I Us, esMUl In 1 Via,bcCn,nl,,,Ult0mCn'b01 hit him half he himself brought in " in in Ltlmt V u,1<1 salt till selector in is 15 ft ." ?" le ins "S C the Act of u do so He failed to see the difference which Mr. Griffith contended existed between the. action of the mover of this - bill and that of the leader of the Opposition in bringing in the. Triennial Parliaments Bill. He advanced several arguments in favour of that portion of the bill requiring fencing to be the only improvement to be insisted on maintaining that it was a great mistake to compel selectors to spend money on improvements which might be utterly useless to them. Mr. Pattinson intended to vote for the second reading, although he did not entirely agree with the bill as it stood. Mr. M'Lean would oppose the bill, because it did not afford relief to all selectors on an equal footing. Mr. Persse spoke in favour of the bill, particularly that portion referring to improvements. Mr. Baynes, speaking to the amendment, inserted the right of any member to introduce a bill which he considered would be for the benefit of the colony. Mr. M'Fahlaxe considered that under the bill the country would part with the land without securing settlement or cultivation. Mr. Brookes suggested that some members who supported the bill had a direct pecuniary interest in it, and ought not to be allowed to vote. He should vote against the measure, and oppose it at every stage in committee. On the motion of Mr. O'SULLIVAN, the debate was adjourned, and its resumption was made an order of the day for that day week. Mr. Griffith mentioned that he intended to move that the votes of those who had a pecuniary interest in the question be disallow ed. The House adjourned at a quarter to 11 o'clock until 7 p.m. on Tuesday next. 