A 'STBBKT FAKIR' STORY. Bx 'WAKBBH WAMBB8. , . . ? We will begin by saying that a porson dressed up in a strango, fantastic manner,. and going about tlio streets, distributing circulars, selling patent medicines, or advertising sonio houso or business by show-cards, is culled a 'street fakir.' - When Teddy Banker came home in tho dis guiso of a frog, life 'littlo girl (Baby Bobiriot, first ; but after tlio father had oxplained mat ters, tho odd dress becamo a sourco of per potual dolight to her heart. It was Toddy's first employment sinco rheu matism had taken him prisoner and obliged him to resign tho head watchman's place of tho 'Fidelity Bank.1 Tho humiliation was a griovous one, and Teddy was about to decline wearing tho ugly suit, when Baby Bobinot's infantilo face camo before Mm, and for her soko ho concluded to parade the busy thoroughfares in that dis guise. ? . Teddy's noyr employer was desirous of intro ducing to tho nttention of the nublic a now brand of shaving soap, or toothpicks (I can't now say which;, to which ho had given the irrelevant title of 'Jim-jams.' In tho equally irrelevant dress of a frog ho meant to attract the oyes of tho buying world. Closoly-fitting breeches, of green stuff, carao to his knees — continuing from thenco down ward in vivid yellow and concluding in broad Bhoes, painted to ropresent tho splay-footed ox panso of a frog's extremity j a cont, with long and narrow tails, also of green, fitted closely about his body, and was liberally splotched with black, tho breust being of deep yollow ; while a mask, with, huge, goggle eyes, completed the outfit. Of course tho ' street arabs' could not resist an instinct, natural to every boy, to pelt Toddy with orange and banana skins, and objects of a moro solid character— it being, apparently, tho incontestable right of cvory urchir- fc- stone bull-frogs, from' iEsop's day down to the pro sont. . . Baby Bobinet could not know this, and her papa's costume ? was a sourco of unmitigated pride, in which her dolight never lessened. Baby Bobinet was the priceless trensuro which Toddy Banker's wife had bequeathed to him some five years before, and tho legatee cherished tho little sunbeam with a devotion to which all other ob jects wero small indeed. ?Teddy Banker occupied two roomB/ 'with an honest Irish \vido_w, Mrs. O'Glinty, and Baby Bobinet remained in her clmrgo during the tiro-, less wanderings of tho ' street fakir.' , ': After her father, no ono fostered greater love.: and pride in the little lass than Mrs. Catherine O'Glinty. It would have been, however, a hard heart that could havo resisted tho claims of Baby Bobinet to a reigning place among the first ladies of the royal heart-chamber. Teddy's mortification had lost much of its wire-.edgo at the time of which I write, although. Baby Bobinet hod not yet ceased to enjoy tho costumo in an eminent degree. , It was somewhere about dusk one' day, and tho coal-oil lamp was illuminating the front room, with its window looking out upon the rather-out-of-the-way street. Baby Bobinet was seated on the floor, in the centre of tho room, surrounded by her collection of marbles, blocks, and miscellaneous toys. Mrs. O'Glinty came in from the kitchen, with a platter in her hand and an apron thrown over her lioad — -going, as she said, ' to the corner boyant for a rasher for daddy's bite of suppkor.' Sho had been absent but a moment, when Baby Bobinet was attracted by the closing of tho door wliicb. opened directly upon the street. She' looked up and saw a slender young man pass hastily through the room. Sho was attracted by the fur collar ho wore about his throat, and the hunted expression of his colour less face. As he passed rapidly across the room, ho drow a handkerchief from hispockct and wiped the .moisture from, his forehead. Baby Bobinet stared in a placid way at the intruder's exit, and then wont across the room to pick up one of the glns3 marbles which hnd evidently come in contact with the briskly-moving toe of tjie stranger. .;???? The marble had an especial attraction for the little maid; and when Mrs. O'Glinty camo in from the grocer's, sho held it up admiringly, that the dame might observe it. ' Troth, an' yer an angel-gossoon — but I can't bo afthor playin' with yo now. D.addy'll bo wantin' his bite, I'll warrant ye; for its sharp the weather is outside, my durlint !' and then sho hustled out of the room, with tho closing admonition : ' Now bo ui'thor gittin' yer gew gaws in the.box ! . Daddy'll bo here in a pig's whistle.' Baby Bobinet made haste to put up her treasures, the better to dovote her whole atten tion to the wondrous 'street rig' which only hor papa might wear. Another incident happened to divert tho damsel's attention ; and that was a second strange face, whoBO beardod outlines sho saw peering in at the window. But it was quickly, gone also, and Baby Bobinot gave her whole mind to gathering together her valuables.p Tlio next evening there was an ovent of a much more startling nature, the like of which was quite beyond her comprehension. . Pupil had just como in from the street, and put aside tho mask, in order to obtain; his daughtor'8 kiss in all its purity, when the door was thrown violently open, and two men laid hands upon the indignant Teddy. Why they should take him away, or tumultuously toss ovor and examine tho boxes, drawers, aud bed clothes throughout the house, Biiby Bobinet could never understand j but they did so. ; Evon the usually sage Mrs; O'Glinty had no explanations to offer which could satisfy Bobi net's perturbed mind. ?'?..', That worthy matron's humour oscillated from a tearful mood to spirited denunciations of 'perlicemon' and the detective force generally.. During tho afternoon, Mr. Stickem, the bois terous proprietor of ' Jim- jams,' called and put a now string on Mrs. . O.'Glinty's Hibernian harp. Mr. Stickem had come to recovor his properties ; ho knew Banker was in trouble, and 1 in quod' also ; but the publie must not suffer for lack of ' Jim-jams ;' he must havo: another man to peregrinate the streets in the suit, that ho must ; he really hoped tho detective had left the suit; it hadn't been a doin' of anything against tho peace and dignity of tho common wealth. He confessed he would bo: out of pocket, but 'Ji-n- Jams' must not suffer;;ho would bo obliged to order another suit at once. Mrs. O'Glinty persuaded tho aggrieved Stickem to give hor 'the bottom facts' con cerning Teddy's arrest, which may 'thus bo BUminarispd. ; .??.?:»?? I -.' J Somo days before,; a fashionably V dressed young man had alighted from his carriage, in front of the establishment vof, ; Messrs.' Asteroid and Carkus, and. had a'cquested ito jbo. shown some 'unset - diamonds. tA. tray of gemB had been placed boforo hini ; and tho customer, ovidontly a- '? connoisseur,' r had' selected one, paying one hundred dollars for it. Tho gentleman, who' was:a person 'of education, had boon very talkative, '.and had oc cupiod considerable time , over the purchuso' - Buying thatj as ho wanted the gom for a birth day gift for his ,wife, ho mnst'.hnro a stonoof tho best quality. ' Ho would call back in a day or two with tho' drawing of the setting, ...which ho desired tho Messrs. Asteroid and Cuikus to manufacture. ? -' ? ;?' ? ' - ,' J Day boforo yesterday, as Mr. Stickom. ox-,, plnined, ho camo back with'- tho two drawings,' and consulted with tho clork. Aftor discussing the; matter,'' ho' concludodxto exclmngo the ono largo diamond. for two, smallor onos. While engaged in this treaty,' Toddy Banvor came into the Btoro and loft several advertising ciirds. His odd dress attracted tho attention of tho .pur bhasor, and he mado some jesting remark to tho dork; ?and shortly, after ho- withdrow, leaving, the two diamonds :.and tho drawing in the, hands. of tho attendant. ' '' ' ? '? J ?' Mr. Asteroid having .occasion to -, look over the tr.y of gems tho next day, took it from tlio Bafo. No sooner had ho brought tho trayjfor ward to the light, -than ho exclaimed ; .'' '- i 'Great Morcury ! Wo'vo ; boon robbod! Tlicso a'o all paste !' i - ^ - ? ; ? Examination proved it,'; and more besides. Tho tray itself, notwithstanding tho worn vel vet, was declared to bo a inuko up. ., ? Tho amazed^ diamond vm6rchant ;now 'Jsaw' tho game.' rlho whole' ?triok'bdcariie clear as day, as it flashed^ upon 'hint that'the firsf;, ,fisit, of tho olegantly-attired^gontlomon wns.ono»of ' discovory, and intended to create confldouco. Tho customer hnd carefully studied tlio diamond tray, and prepared one exactly like it in size and looks, oven to tho worn -and frayed velvet lining. Roturuiug in a few days, with a false tray and paste stones, in size and number to correspond wit U tho gcnuino,iho had i parleyed over tho operation. Ponding, tho discussion and examination of tho gems and tho drawing, tho ' street fakir' had entered, and, in one of tho dork's unwary moments, tho falso tray had been substitutud, and tho valuables transterred 'to^a'convcnioiit rqpentaclo. in the.''eustonier'B ulster. It was tlio old 'stall and sneak game' in a now shape. ? ''? ? ?'-?'?' : '. .'?'?? With all possible despatch, MosBrs. Asteroid and Carkus hnd put the matter in the handB of the city detectives, 'and- 'our --hapless Teddy Banker had been . the first fruits of the official drag net. ' ' . , . . In a few days tho'trial came on, and Widow O'Glinty, with tho perversity of hpr sex,- re- solved to ' see it out.' ' She could.not resist the temptation. She had attained suddon dignity among her neighbours ;' the arrest of her boarder ? elevated her into a prpminpnt position in their oyes ; arid in response to tho unanimous viows of the folks, nothing less was expected of her. Through the interposition of a policeman, a somowhat distant relative, she managed to secure a seat ' way to tho front.' , Buby Bobinet was there, too — for the good woman conceived that anything short of that would bo doing something less than her whole duty. Baby .Bobinet looked bewitching in a clean, white dross, with a blue sprig and a bluo ribbon' in her curling . locks— Mrs. O'Glinty having bestowed much muscle and care in ' doing up tho darlint'B dress.' It was with the utmost difficulty that the damsel coidd bo restrained from rushing toward tho dock in search of hor papa's strong arms ; but by means of specious promises tho child was detninod, and, made to amuse herself with several marbles, which Mrs. O'Glinty had in duced Baby Bobinet to bring with her, to' relievo tho tedium of tho trial; The court assigned, a young man of clever attainments to dofend Teddy Banker; and to the evident discomfiture of Mr. Asteroid, it now looked as if the complainants would not bo able to secure Teddy's conviction. Aside from the 'frog dross,' there was nothing but good to bo heard of ..tho.. prisoner. The Fidelity Bank had a good character to bestow on him, through the testimony of. one. of its officers, and there was no. past bad records to assnil Teddy. . . ., , . ...,.: While Mr. Allen, Teddy's counsel, was in the midst of au eloquent defence of his client, in which Mrs. O'Glinty was thoroughly ab sorbed, to the neglect, of Baby Bobinet, that young lady, whoso thoughts were all with her father, managed to slip quietly off tho seat, and was industriously picking her way through the crowd to the 'dock.1 Mrs. O'Glinty happening to look around, discovered the loss of her pro UgS. ' ? ' Wliirrah ! whirrah ! an' Where's the cliilder sthrolled away to ? ' exclaimed the excited woman. 'Xhis exclamation, reaching Baby Bobinct's ears, naturally liastencd her steps towards her father's side. . ? ' The too of hor chubby foot catching in the matting, the little lass fell prone upon the floor;; and from between her fingers escaped the glass marbles, one of them rolling to tlio feet of tho prosecutor. , ? ,; : Ho pounced upon it like a hawk, looked at it for a moment, and then, starting up, with the article between his fingers, held it aloft, so that every eye could seo it. . ? ; ' Your honour, here is ono. of. the diamonds which were stolen from me ! The thief's child has turned State's evidence !', ;..,,?? There was a moment of silence, in which one might have heard the beating of his own heart — a moment of deep .quiet, broken at; length by a stern voice, which cried aloud : 'Whoever calls my Baby, Bobinet a thief s child is a liar, .'' ??.'; Then jumping over the rail, before the officer could prevent him; the prisoner picked up Baby Bobinet, and kissed her again and again, while the teaia ran down his cheeks. . . Baby Bobinet, pleased boyond words, laughed and crowed merrily at once more finding herself in papa's anns. ' ? , :.,..'.' , A. child's laugh - a strange sound indeed to be heard in such a place - a laugh so innocent, so pure, so musical, that it must havo startled the ghosts of, by-gone perjuries, and oaths, and mockeries, which haunt tho modern temples of justice . ; How it touched the hearts of the spectators, and penetrated tho breasts of those who from day to day had grown callous from the continual hearing of theft and murder and all unclean ness 1 For a nibment the damnatory evidence of Baby Bobinet was forgotten, as they saw hor sparkling oyes aud rosy checks— many -wishing God might have caused just such, a little blossom to bloom in their hearts. The young advocate's soul sunk within him at this episode; he was convinced of Teddy Banker's innocence ; but it scorned as if Baby Bobinot had clinched a felon's chain about her father's wrist. A thought, howover, struck him ; and he re solved, if possible, to turn the incident to the advantage of his client. At once addressing the judge, ho said :— ' . . . - ' Your honour, in view of this unexpected revolution, I would like to aBk this child some questions. Tlio prisoner assures me, that he knows nothing about this gem; and wo will explain away this uiattei1— for howovor dark it may look, thero is no desire on our part to con ceal 'any thing.' - .-'.'? The gentlemen on. the. other side smiled ' de risively, but did not, object to lotting the child ?testify. . '? ' ';'.' ' ' ; ?' .. '. ': '? . ' Tuking.Baby Bobinet from her father's arms, Mr. Allen jjlopod' hor upon tho table. She seemed a trille dnzcil, and looked with wonder at tho great crowd. '.:.... Tlio judge asked her a few questions, to which she roturned intelligent answers.. He then remarked that whoever would doubt the simple word of such an innocent creature would not bo satisfied withany oath. Teddy Banker looked- at his child tlirough misty eyes, as ho brokenly said : . . ??. ' Now, Bobinot, you must answer these gen tlemen, and tell thom the truth. .Papa inhere, and no harm shall come to you'!' . (' ,, ; ? l ' With childish simplicity Baby.Bobinet smiled back an answer,, and then threw him], a , kiss from her rosy finger tips. ' '''.!.' '/'.v' .!?.';?'. ' Bobinet, whoro did you get that diamond ?' asked lawyer Allon. ? : '?, ??./. '.'She lpokod questioningly at her father,' and ho said to his attorney : ''. ? '.']'', ?, ? '?? ' Showh'or the diamond, call it a marble,1 and she will answer you.' ' ~ ;' ?'_' „';.?. , ,\ ''j .'? 'This^p'rettyglasBma'rbloi' Bobinet! .Did ?your papa give 'it to[ you P'^'questioned; tho lawyear. ?''?',', .''?'' ?:' '''''.'.'.. ''.',.',?'*/,,',, ? -:'' Mb; 'sir i 'the innnslost.it!' ','.''.'',',':'.'',',''.'?- ?''? 'What manV Bobinot?' : ,,:.,,* ' ' '?', A'maris'wis a'whito face, what corned frew and1 frighted Bobinot.1 ';'.-' ?';''.?'''';? ?.? 'Wliero 'was Bobinet ?''. , .'. ,;,'?': ;.,?,.. ; 'Me playin'-ona iloor'Svif iny fings.'' '? '' ; . ''''Where was papa?1 y , ' ' ?'!.,;,, ' :' 'Tumin' homo.';'' - : ' '?* ': ''.?': '?',. « Where was Mrs. O^Glinty ?' ' ' ? J' j ' Pittin' flrigs for papa's suppor.* . ..; 'What did the mnn say?' -. . ' ' 'Nufin — him just rtin'd frew !',, 'pf jy ;? , 'Did ho'giv(j'tlie_ marble to you?',.- '' ;??? 1 'OPotty marblo corned out o' his pbckot.whon ? ho won't dis way.' * ??'? -'* ? ? ? ''?*'.'''- ?'; ? Horo Bobinet mopped hor little whitojfore. hoad with a tiny hundkorchiof . : : : ,'f-:'J::' :'? 'Din't you show it to anyone P' ' Troth, an' she did, sar V exclaimed Mrs;. O'Glinty, rising to* her feet ; ?'? an' ,1 . thought iit was. only wun'of hor old marbles— which. I say. now it ain't, sar!'' '' ',',' ?!.' .' ,; '?'?:??. ;-'X \ '?? ?'' Never mind now, madam— rwo/ivill heap you presontly !; Baid tlio judgo. ' '. :.,,;-. ?:?;''',,./ i .' ?'? 'rAn' it'a'tho truth' I'm ''tollin' yob's ! ' '. Teddy: Banker's no fliafo! d'yo'moind that, sar !''?'' '.'?, Mrs. O'Gririty was suppi'ossed, ami Mi\ Allen bogiui again to question Bbbihet. ? , , .. ; ? ' Now, my dear littlo girl, aro ypu sure' your.. papa never had.it?-i-nevor.'gavoit toybup.'i ! ' Papa novor (iced it-^tauso tho mons tookod' him away.' .; ,: . , ... J - . Can you tell mo how^tho T man; that dropped;' tho. marble looVe&!tr\:»ijf;%y&.?rM-^~'-it ?? ;? »fei: 'i'' ?.':;; 'Ho was- 'along marisjan'.li ad r-o:'yrbollyifing: arduudhls front.'. '?.,-:.??.:..?. ',',:;i^'/-V«'l^'i--,'--';v,t'' ?);'?; ? , ' Your ?honoiu/;;'spBk'o;U'pVBotectiyo Sta'rkb, ? '; I lost !'a)-nian,' answering '?tJittt' descriptibnj in that Tory noighbonrhijooL* ' ':'.. '?? :'.'--.v 'An' a mans looked in tho window affer a bit,' said Bobinet. ' '.'''' I '- Your honour,' explained the dotective, ' I did look in tho window, and saw this vory child on tho floor.'- .??,.-' ; ' Now, Bobinet,' naked Mr.'Allon, anxiously, ' try and tell us what day you saw this man ?' ' ' Thoy topi papa 'way next day.' , ? .' r When crossed oxnmiued it was impossible to break Bobinet's testimony in tho slightest do grco. Tho prosocution woro obliged to ' desist. Tho unruffled sweetness of Baby Bobinot's temper, through all tho badgering, was remark able. All thoughts of his own perilous position were chased away from the father by his ad miration of hie daughter's sweet serenity. ? Tho testimony of tho dotectivo and Mrs. O'Glinty went to confirm Bobinet'B Btory. And now a now sonBition was introduced, when anothor frog dress was brought into court, which must havo boon mado for 'a twin brother of Teddy Banker. This had been found by an officer, and it bogan to seom poB siblo that another porson than the prisoner hid assisted at the robbery. It was certainly ainixed-up caBe, and to con vict upon such slight cvidonco would havo been manifestly unjust. Bo at least thought tho jury, and father and daughter went out of court amid tho. cheors of the audience. ? Facts enmo to light shortly thereafter, which establish Teddy's innoeonce boyond cavil. Two well-known thieves were ' run in,' tho crime was placed where it justly belonged, and Messrs. Asteroid and Carkus wero enabled to recover the bulk of their property. Dear Little Baby Bobinet, when she 'grows up,' can wear tho pretty glnss marble which came so near sending her father to a felon's cell — for the dininond merchants had it sot in a ring for her, as some reparation for their false accusation. 