ftloveltet. GRIT. A Story of tho past and prosont; or ordi nary mon iind orcllnarytliings, in ordl ~ nary Ianguago, ? 1 BY DONALD CAMERON. AUTiion oi'l' is tub roM-s.ov tub bbiuusnt,' 'SILVBUWATBR I1KND,' KTO. ' Bo aure thy sin will find thoo out.' It is a bcnutiful bolicf : Tlmtcvor round bur head Aru hovering, on nngcl i-inga, , Tho siiiriti of tho dcml. - ? CHAPTER LXIV.— (Oonhsoud). ', Ho knew that undor any circumstance1) ho . could riot live an hour. Tho drain had been too great. Ho remembered, too, tho calcula tions ho had mada.when ho contrived tho hellish x-lot to imniura Jack alivo in that very mine, how long a man could breathe in a lovel when it was sealed up. There wbb a certain quantity of life-giving oxygen in a given space; whon that was exhausted tho man must dio a horrible heath. And whon his mind had calmed down a little, ho could perceive that the air- was already thick, and 'impregnated with carbonic acid gas. It seemed to give no life. 0, for one breath of tho puro and glorious eloment which ho had breathed such a short timo since. Ho re membered now how keen and bracing it was ; how it seemod to infuss fresh lifo and energy into tho organisation. As a man in a dreary dcsoit of sand pants for the running brook, so did this wretched being long for ono breath of tho air of heaven — tho air that blow over tho green fiolds. But it came not ; in its placo woio those ' blasts , of hell,' that only, dis tressed and suffocated. Ordinary beings wo.nld, whon placed in such a position, have tried to repent for tho misdeeds of their lifo, and prepare for the great change. But Obadiah scorned these fcclingi. When ho comprehended that there was no prospect of escapo — that death was inevitable — his soul became filled with ono desire — to bo revenged on Snigglo Snickers. Ho ondurod tho torments of perdition whon he thought of the manuor in which this man could escape punishment ; how ho could hold tho shaves and become wealthier than over he . was. ' Tlifi man absolutely minshrxl liia fnot.h whon ho thought of tho triumph of Jack, tho security of Hector. Hell itself could not have Buoh torment in store as this. Tho bodily pain ho suffered was a drop in tho ocean to this mental agony and unnatural hato. . ; But Obadiah was fertile in expedients.. Ho bethought him that ho had in his pocket somo tablets, which he. had brought .?with' him to take notes -.of the work down' in tho mine, and ho. had, too, . a box of matches used to , light hU'oigars. Trying his hands ho found ? that the right was not so injured but that ho could move tho wrist about a little. He first felt for i tho matches, and after great trouble, for ho was becoming very weak, ho lit one. What a thrill of pleasure flashed through his ; frame .when tho match diffused its weak radi ance. Ho then saw that ho must have been hurled along by tho explosion into tho very end where Snickers and ho had been ex amining tho reef. AH around tho evidences ?of the terrible convulsion were strewn, and a glance sufficed to show him that days must olapso before the minors could reach him. Thoro was no orossout such as had saved .Jack's lifo. But ho soon saw that rapidly as ho was sinking,: oxhauation would not bo tho cause of his death, Tho huge blocks of stono had completely blocked up the level, and tho water was rising rapidly. Ho could ? ;not move ; so tho fatal stream would soon rise around him. It was already up to his knees, although ho had not felt it. His coward heart -was again dismayed at this, and he would havo rolapsed into a state of helpless torror were it not that ho was nerved by tho ' tcrriblo desire to wreak vengeance upon his murderer. Setting the box of matches on firo lie laid down the tablets on a piecq of rook and began to writo disjointly and painfully. . ' But as ho wroto on, dosoribing the wholo of tho occurrence, his face lit up with a fiendish 1 glow that mado it appear awful in the fitful glaro of tho burning matches, which served only to Bhow tho hideous gloom of the vault. Even in that momont; as ho wrote with great , drops of agony upon his brow, for tho work of writing pained him terribly, nothing but his devilish will could havo forced the maimed . hand. to writo j ho saw tho tableau of his i'cyongo, his livid corpso confronting the mur derer, tho magiBlrato reading the tablets, tho arrest, tho condemned cell, tho drop, and Snigglo Sniokors hanging between heaven and earth; his vengeance full and complete.' It almost reconciled him to death. „ ' ( Ho could writo no more. Tho matches woro nearly burned out, and tho energy was dying within him. Yet, so solf-possessed was ho, so strung up by his rabid desire for , ' revougo, that ho placed tho tablets in tho innor pocket of his vest, so that tho water. ' which would.lic around him would not affcot them. And then ho prepared for death, a lingering, . ' terrible death; but after all it was not a painful ono. For although ho made ono or two stiuggles to raiso'his head above the water, nature was so fairly worn ont, ho had lost so much blood, that he could not eve move. A few struggles, ono or two feeble offorts, and Obadiah Swcotcomfort lay a stiffening corpso in tho cold pool, surrounded by darkness and silcnco. CHAPTER LXV. Ilcotor Macinnis had sat down after making a speech, which ho felt was a failure. Tho opposition, which had been growing in strength, had attacked him upon sonic appointments ho had mado at Grit. Old M'Oalvin, after a long absonco from tho House, had scented tho battle afar off, and neoing his opportunity had attended that night. Sitting opposite, in his whito vest and black clothes, with tho over fragrant bouquet in his coat, ho had listened with a cynical smile to thoattompts of Hector's party to explain away the 'little transactions ;' yet ho never moved until after Hector had re plied. Then tho old man got on his legs, ook a glass of water, looked behind him at his supporters, who cheered lustily, and then glanced iiorcoly on his onomy, who had thrust his hat over his eyes when ho set down, and was moodily watching these demonstrations. Then tho old man opened ont. Sentence after sentence flowed from him — cutting, cruel, slashing. Ho analysed tho charges and the defence, and closed with a few words so tolling that when he sat down the House cheered for several minutes. One of tho frothy orators, who wore tho curso of Hector's party, rose to roply. Just then a messenger came up to Hector, and cringingly informed him that a lady was wailing to seo him. Her name was Miss White.. Hector started. Was tin's girl after all coming to him of her own accord? Perhaps she was in want, and appealed to him 03 a last resource. ; 'She was vory pressing, sir,' said tho messenger, ' and said if I mentioned tho name it would be enough. She looked bo poor I wouldn't havo noticed her only for that.' ' Show her into my private room,' was the reply ; and rising up Hector wont out. Ho pondered in his own mind about this strange visitation. Well, after all, thought Hector, if ho could obtain Bertha for whom ho felt his old passion rising, he could solace himself in retirement for a while, forgetting his political troubles. IIo know tho end of his power was at hand. Motioning tho messenger away, he walked inside. Thoro was a female in tho room — but she was not Bertha Whito. Heotor gave a glance at hor. His face became crimson, his head grow dizzy, ho reeled liko a drunken man. Ho had to lean against tho door for support. '.' Ay, you may well stagger,' said Prudence — for it was she. ' You thought bo boo Bertha, tho girl you arc so fond of, and you see Pru dence, tho woman you have wronged and all but murdered.' 'Great God!' oricd Hector, putting his. hand to -his. brow, 'I am surely dreaming. Tho excitement is too great for mo.' ' You wero never more in your senses,' was tho cold answer, as Bho gloated over tho torror and confusion of tho man. 'I am Prudence — no ghost, I can assure you.' ' But, but,' said Hector, faintly, ' you woro reported dead — your body was found.' ' Stufl,' said tho woman, ' I escaped out of the asylum and tho blundering policeman took another's corpso for mine. I hope to live yet to rovongo myself. I have kept out of your road until now, becauso I had no opportunity How pationtly I waited to see it you would marry Bertha that I might have you arrested and tried as a common felon. But that did not take plncc, bo I have had to wait— and my timo has come at last.' Hector sank into a chair, and put his hands over his eyes— trying to shut out tho horriblo figuro that had stepped between him and honor and happiness. At last he spoke. '' Prudence thero wcro wrongs on both Bides : Ask what you liko, I will giro it to you.' But did lie spoak this from any wisli to make reparation to this woman for tho ill ho had done ? Not ho I His dosiro was simply to givo hor the moans of freely indulging in tho poison which ho know would soon put an end to hor life and rid him of her for ever. ' Before I say another word I must havo a cheque for £1000,' said Prudence, gravely seating herself in an elegant chair which seemed polluted by her rags. Hector rose, and, reaching for a cheque book, wrote out the cheque. She glanced at it with rapture. ' Well, that is right,' said sho with a cold laugh. ' I wonder if those lackeys who pushed mo about and seemed to think I wasn't fit for a kennel would uso me ill if they knew I had this. Wealth commands attention, does it not, Hector?' Ho groaned. ' How that follow, who went to you with tho message, stared when I said I must seo the Honorable Hector. A beggar, said ho to him self, no doubt.' ? ' You havo got what you want,' said Hector, somo of his old firo returning ; ' leave me in peaco for a while. ' ' That I will,' replied Prudence, fixing upon him a look of cold hate; ' but not until I do you a service. Everything considered you havo behaved handsomely; so I'll toll you some news. Bunakum is dead !' A gleam of sunshine came into Hector's face. Thank God, ono of his tormentors was gone— tho ono, indeed tho only ono being he feared. 'You're happy to hoar that,' said Pru denco ; ' but don't bo too fast. Boforo ho died he had his son Jack at his bedside, and ho mado a full and open confession.' Heotor started up. His face become dis torted, his eyes started out of their sockets. Seizing Prudence by tho hand ho spoke in a hoarse whisper: ' Confessed I What? For God's sako tell, mo.' Coldly, and with almost diabolical (ionoiBo ness, the woman repeated Bunakum's confes sion. Word after word fell upon Hector's cars like boiling lead. His fato was sealed. Tho woman could not bo tolling lies No being on earth knew what had transpired except Bunakum. . i ' ? ' Leave mo, Prudence,' said tho man,1 in an unearthly voice. ' Leave mo, if you valuo your lifo.' :. The'' fearful tone of his voico had all tho old power in it. Tho woman started back ap palled, and walked out of tho room, olutchiug the cheque. Sho had hardly gone, whon a messenger knooked at tho door. ' Comb in,' said Heotor. * ' Division, sir,' said tho messenger. ' I will bo there presently.' Tho division took place; but Ilcotor Mac innis did not troublo tho tellers. It was in his party's favor; but the majority was so Blender that when tho result was announced tho Opposition cheered heartily. They saw the' day for possession of tho plunder was not far distant. CHAPTER LXVI. Heotor walked out of the Parliament House into the reserve. Tho night was still and boautiful. Tim stars shone brightly in the deop blue heavens. The air was cool and re freshing. As ho passed into the Fitzroy Gardens the whisporing* of the trees woko him up from tho trance. into which ho had fallen. Arrived on tho heights ho looked down upon tho oily which it had been his ambition to govern. The lights sparkled everywhere — the hum of Bourkc-strcct reached his ears subdued into a gentle murmur, the rumbling of tho trains alono breaking tho shell. He sighed heavily. 'It ia all over,' said he, as he leaned against the cold iron railing. ' It is all ovo My onomy has conquered— and for mo thoro is neither fume, honor, nor peaco loft.' Ono longing gazo, and then ho sought the splendid mansion whoro ho had taken up his abode. Ho walked into his library. There woro all tho books which ho had gathered to gether, and which woro to him tho greatest of friends. Ho turnod them over ono after tho other, fondly glancing at tho familiar title pagOB. After a while ho turned away with a start, tho bloodhounds might now bo on his track. Ho went hurriedly to ono of tho drawers, ami unlocking it, took out a small phial. Hector Macinnis looked around him. What bitter feelings woro }n his heart then I Ho could seo, plain as tho day, tho diro mistakes that ho had made . . gratifying his passions at the expense of his peace. Oh, it ho had kept frco from sin, what a brilliant lifo would hin bo now ! ' Bo sure thy sin will find theo out I' But what folly this was 1 What avail was regret now ? Ho could trace, stop by step, tho mistakes ho had mado lie could sec how ho could have avoided this fato ; but would that help now ? No ! ltcaching a glass ho poured out a fow drops of the liquid in tho phial ; and then, taking a scat in tho luxurious reading chair, ho swal lowed tho potion. For a whilo ho gazed on tho pictures on tho opposite wall; then a deep slumber came over him. . Ho mado un availing offorts to keop awake, to rcalisa his position; but sleep, the lust sleep of death, came upon him, and he passed away gontlo as a child. CHAPTER LXVII. Jack was quietly breakfasting at a little hotel where ho had taken up his quarters. Ho was anxious to seo the papers ; but an aged and amiable individual had taken unto him self the only morning journal subscribed for' by tho host, and it was not until ho road it to, tho vory last advertisement, that Jack could get it. Nor did tho old man make tho slightest discovery of its contents, although thero was sufficient in tho paper to make a frozen man apeak. No, he would not do that much to please his follows. A glance sufficed to appriso Jack of the awful event of tho last night. Ho saw that by somo moans Hector had learned that Bunakum had mado a confession, and that he had resolved to forestall vengeance. At first Jack could not imagine how tho infor mation had been conveyed to him; but ho presently romombored tho absence of Prudence, and at onco conjectured what had occurred. Tho newspapers set down the extraordinary evont, for tho fact that poison had been taken, was carefully concealed, to tho fact that Hector had seen ho would loso his position in a short timo, and bo relegated to private life ; and this had proyed so much upon him that it had brought on a severe attack of heart disease, from whioh ho had for years been suffering. This, of course, did not satisfy the general public ; and they invented numerous tales to account for Hector's sudden death, which, no doubt, will go down to their children, and' aBsume tho shape of portentous legends. After Jack had fixed Bertha comfortably in a little placo at Emerald Hill, ho returned to Grit, to begin tho labor of lifo again, hoping Fato would bo kind to him onco more. After' the terrible events of tho past few days, and the death of all his enemies, Jack felt certain that a brighter futuro was in storb. CHAPTER LXyill. ?:''?;. At lnst tho glimmoririg dawn '???? ?'???? Upon tho chstorn'vcrgo appears'; ?? .-'?' , '' ?'?:?'? Ami after night tho morn .? ''.'?.?;????'. .? ? ; ; Beams on us with its smiles and tenrs. - : Tho shadows of the night :. .-???''.: Mo in tho fndinhco of tho day ; And lifo again is bright ' With joy that shnll not fado awny. .'.?'.' * Night on Gritl Night still and solemn, veiling in her mystic pall the landscape— casting over all a weird and awful shadow. The crushing mills still stamped and thun dered; the strceta were busy with people ; but in tho outskirts the profound peace of evening had fallen. The birds had sought the trees ; nature was in repose ; every creaturo but man, restless man, had gone to rest. But man, intelligent man, was still busy in' pursuit of the phantoms for which he sacrifices soul, and honor, and peace. ' Soon a gentle radiance appeared in the east, strengthening until the cold chaste moon arose over tho hills and dissipating the gloom of night, cast over nature hor own fairy lights and shadows. The moori looked down that night upon no stranger scene than that being enacted at tno jtiesperus .Extended mine. News had spread far and wide that Obadiah Swootcomfort's body had boon recovered ; so a largo crowd was gathered together. It was quite an event in Grit. For years lite had gone on in a quiet, listless way. Evor, since the great collapse, the stream of existence had flowed evenly enough. .But now there was'a genuine excitement. Men moved about, and talked of the day on whioh Jack was buried alivo, and tho extraordinary events that fol lowed ; and thoro wero a fow old greyheaded men who did not forgot to put in a word about tho memorablo night of tho flood when Janet was murdered, and the Gritty Gully Trumpet inaugurated. Somo wondered if tho groat occurrences that had taken placo during the past few days were iireoursora of a change. Why not ? Any great event in tho past had always beon followed by a chango for tho hotter. And it was generally agreed that if such would occur, tho terrible deaths of Hector Macinnis and Obadiah Swectcomfort would not bo regretted. ? Little was heard on behalf of either. A few half-wondering, half-pitying words woro dropped about Hector, dead in tho primo of his lifo, tho height of his glory ; but whatever was said about Obadiah, was tho roverso of complimentary, tho axiom de morluis, &0; notwithstanding. Everyone scorned glad that the rich man had died and gone — well, thero was a singular unanimity as to where ho had gone. It was tho time for those to whom ho had refused a loan, or upon whom he had trodden, to rovongo themselves, and they did it unsparingly. Jack and William stood by, near the poppet logs, unnoticed. Jack had faded completely out of memory in the hurry-scurry of lifo ; and tho very men who talked about his wonderful escape, never noticed that tho hero of thoir story was standing by. But Jack was rather pleased'than othorwiso at this. Ho know now the hollowness of fame. Standing thero in tho moonlight, watching the groups of earnest talkers, now and thon glancing ovor the moonlit scene, what a flood of memories passed through Jack's mind, thrilling his heart with emotion after emotion — joyous, sad, gay, and grave. Tho pastoral scenes of his youth, tho day when ho mot Wil liam Brown, now standing beside him, and first saw tho motal which had since 'played' so important a part in his life ; the dream of tho Rliinind Iteof : thn niclit of horror whon his mother diod ; tho hours of courtship ; tho burying alivo in this vory mine ; tho day of his grandeur and wealth ; the hour of his fall ; the loss of Bertha ; tho joyful reconciliation ; the death of his father I Strange, eventful history. What would bo tho end ? 'If the old man had been here,' said a venerable digger near Jack, ' wouldn't ho havo given us a fine . speech ? Ho could speak I' . ? ' Old Bunakum ?' said another fogey. ' Ay, that ho could. Words camo to him liko water to a mill; but he's dead now- It's high time we went, too.' ' 'Strange,' said the other, ' that all tho old hands aro dying out; and though they were hero in the good times, thoy leave littlo behind them.' 'Too fond of enjoying themselves,' said the second speaker. ' Tho drop of grog, you know.' 'Ay, ay,' was tho reply, accompanied with a Hhako of the head. Jack looked at tho men. In tho spectral light thoy seemed to him as if thoy wero tho old friends dead and gone, of whom Bunakum had spoken in somo of his last speeches. A Hiiddon movomont in tho crowd told Jack and William that something ha'd taken place. Tho strange silence informed thorn tho body of Obadiah had come to tho surface. With an effort they got into the front rank. There, in tho truck, lay tho corpso of tho wretched man. The cold, whito faco and stony eyes looked up at tho quiet moon with a horriblo stare. It was a sight that hushed the assemblage into stillness. Not long since this man was in tho full possession of health and strength and riches ; looked up to with tho awo that wealth creates. Ho held tho destinies of many there in his hands. A word from him, and their daily bread was gono— another word and thoy woro wealthy for lifo. Now, tho meanest of tho crowd could jeer at him; tho weakest take that nerveless hand. . In sight of that poor, helpless pieco of clay, Jack forgot tho hato and anger of tho past, and almost regretted tho (ate that had snatched away Uii:i man before ho had repented his deeds. Jack stood next to Sniggle Snickers. Every one had noticed during tho day tho awful oxeitoinont under which this man labored; but all had sot it down to natural feeling. Obadiah and Snigglo had boon great friends, and it was owing to accident that, as in lifo they had been inseparable, in death they wero not divided. Snigglo had hitherto been a '?sober man ; but on this day ho had drank, . and drank brandy, and it scorned to havo no effect upon him. Only Jack ? noticed tho ghastly hue of his face as ho gnzed on tho corpso. As the moonlight shone upon his distorted face, it rivalled that of tho doad man in rigidity and ghastlinoss. But who was to dream of tho ? terriblo secret that face con cealed? ;'?'.. Tho light being brought forward, thoy searched Obadiah's body, the magistrates and the police standing by. Snigglo Snickers was amongst tho group, and Jack was close to him. After a while they camo across tho tablets. Tho officer of police observed thorn and glanced at tho writing. A cold sweat burst forth from every pore of Sniggle Snickers' frame. Was it possible that Obadiah had lived long enough to writo down what had occurcd ? He mado a movement as if to fly ; but his torror and prostration wore so great, and his limbs seemed to fail him. The police officer read on ; and those near to him could seo that an expression of tho utmost astonishment appeared upon his face. Ho had hardly began to read when ho glanced at Sniggle Snickers, and tho wretched man felt as it tho officer read with ono eye and kept tho other fixed upon him. His knees knocked together, his face lit, half by the moonlight half by tho lanterns, was ghastly white. . Whon tho officer closed tho tablet — he hd'di never taken his eyo off Snickers — ho turnod to a.trooper. .... . .,-,'. ? . 'Wilson,' he said, 'arrest Mr; Snigglo Snickers for tho murder of Obadiah Sweet comfort.' ...'?'-.. Those who stood close to the shaft of the Hesperus Extended wore conscious of somo thing flashing -.past them, and tho vast crowd hoard a shriek , of horror and dispair which they novor forgot to thoir dying day. Sniggle Snickers, casting a glanco at the glorious moon that was sailing in tho heavens, the blue sky, tho thousand faces lit by lamp and moon, threw up his arms and urjrang into the shaft. .Those' close at hand could hear his corpso as it rebounded from side to side until at last with an awful thud; it fell upon tlio bottom— a thousand feet bolpw ! The crowd gathered round the shaft with confusedan awo stricken murmurs, and, men at once got into .the cage and descended. Presently it came up bearing a mass of flesh from which all humanity had been crushed but. Peoplo turned from tho awful sight. The police ijlacod tho two corpses on tho ono trestle arid bore thorn away. Tho peoplo still crowded round talking of these terrible events, and regaling each other with ominous versions of tho awful story. But soon it was evident something of even greater .and more personal interest was ex citing tho mass. 'Whispers began to* circulate amongst tho crowd, and intelligence was on foot, that overpowered oven this wonderful instance of hatred beyond death, in some mannor it was communicated that a now reef of surprising richness had been discovered in tho Hesperus Extended mine. Avarice, long latent, was now developed, and soon the crowd was hurrying to and fro seeking to pick up shares — leaving' Obadiah's corpse locked up in the office to await tho inquest. -Our friends heard the news; but it was of littlo interest to them. They .had no money .tu'pnrohaso shares. With a weary Bigh of regret they left tho scene and walked away to-i wards thoir homo, talking as thoy went of the; affairs of the day. Neither guessed tho true solution of events— they ^^ only wondered and speculated. : ?'. '. .?.:???, ':; : . V- \':::.t;v .'!.'^: ?? . ?' ' ' 'OflAP^TJRLMX;.-^' :-;:- -.U Emily .: was waiting for them, and had pro pared a neat littlo repast! Jaolt sighed as lie thought that'the littlo money they had would soon melt : away, and then ' what would ho do ? : As yot ho saw no way out of his diffi culties. Earnestly as. he desired to be united to Bbrtha thoro appeared no gloam of hopo to encourage him to anticipate the joyful event. It seemed that thoy would' each havo to toil on. 0, for a fow hundred. pounds wherewith to buy into his old blaim ! Ho did not speak of this to his dear friends, but thoy could easily divine his thoughts— indeed thoir own mindB woro exercised on tho subject of the future. But William spoko hopefully, and predicted that tho finding of a rich roof in tho Hesperus Extended would revivify tho district and would lead to plenty of capital being in troduced and consequent work, when thoy might Mole forward to a brighter futuro. It was not long before William and Emily retired. Jack sat reading a worn out novol. But ho could get no rest. It seemed as if an Unseen Being was calling upon him to do something. Now and then tho ghastly faco of Obadiah seemed to peer out upon him from tho corner, and occasionally ho thought ho saw Hector Maoipnis standing in tho moon light at the door as if beckoning him. But theso woro only tho phantoms of a troubled brain. Presently ho felt an overwhelming dosiro to go up tho claim and do somo work. It would riot bo tho first occasion ; for often enough had ho worked until tho small hours of tho morning in his eagerness to find out what tho ground' contained.' So taking a candlo and matches ho walked up tho hill and de cended the shaft. It was already 100 feet in depth, and thoy wero driving a crosscut to the east to seo what thoy could striko. So far tho ground had been very hard, with no wator. Thoro was a drill in an unfinished hole. Jack sot to work on it, glad to escapo from his distressing thoughts. Ho noticed after a whilo that' the drill was in quartz and water began to flow out. This nerved him to groator exertions, oven although ho knew that the ground was full of littlo ' loaders,' but so much -water did not come from ' leaders.' When tho hole was sufficiently deop ho put in a ohargc, tamped it, and, setting the f uao alight, retired into a place of safety. Soon the ground shook with the explosion, and who it was over, Jack walked out, lighted his candlo and proceeded to examine the dislodged rock. A glanco Bent tho blood rushing through his frame Quartz had beon struck — a rcof, too, for tho water was flowing from 'tho faco. Ho hardly breathed, so groat was his ex citement. Taking up a picco of quartz ho looked at it. Tho Btono was white, with bluo seams. Hero was galona ; thoro, 0, Great Heavens 1 goldl beautiful, glittering gold! per meating tho Btono everywhere. Ho knew it well. It was tho true Hesperus Extended lodo 1 Tho ovont was too much for him. Ho sank upon tho ground in a faint. Was it a faint ? That momont tho lovel becamo suffused with light — not tho cold phophorsceiit gleam of tho moonbeams but a warm golden light — such |as ho had behold in tho dreams of the past. And hovering above him was tho Bonoflciont Spirit of other days, a bright smilo on her faco. In front was a wall of golden rook — tho whito and bluo and yellow clearly donned. And behind the Spirit, ho thought ho saw his mother — hor face bright and happy — her eyes fixed upon him and beaming with joy. Tho Spirit now waved hor hand, and amid a gontlo melody, floating liko fairy music in tho air, hor voice camo to him for tho last time : - ' ' Your's at last : the Shining Reef 1' CHAPTER LXX. Parting is sad under any circumstances ; and oven when wo havo followed our cha racters to a successful close, and tho reador's imagination can ml all the blanks, it is not unwise to givo a. few closing remarks. Our characters havo grown upon us as wo have proceeded, and it is not without a sigh that wo lay down our pen' and bid them an eternal farewell. Prudence Macinnis made so good a uao of tho .E1000 Hector had given hor, that boforo a fortnight after his death sho was taken to tho Kew Lunatic Asylum — this time really mad ; and ere many weeks she too followed the caravan that is ever moving on into elornity. ? Mr. Clack reformed his ways and became a model citizen — Bertha's words being touched his soul and turned him back at the right momont. Two tombstones in the cemetery of Grit spoak for themselves. The inscription on one roads — ? . ? . . ?_???'.? '.BACHED' TO. ?. ,:' ? . ?: , TUB MEM011Y 01? ' : . .... OBADIAH SWEETC0MF0RT, \- ';?? ?='?'??? WHO DIED ON— :??.,; ..' Erected . in remembrance of his worth as a oitizcn,his value as. a friend, his example as a Christian, and Iub Bad and awful death. . . '0 death-! whore is thy sting ; 0 gravel whore is thy victory ?' ,. . ,. Gildedlioi : ? '-'.? ,'..;, ' Tho other inscription is this — . . ? ; : ?:? '-. JANET. MELDON, : .'., ? .'???. ?.. . MOIHKIt OF JOHN MELLON, . .;-; ,' ' , ? . *'?'? ? i. IIOI1N ? DIED—: — ? ? '. :..,; _..? 'To Him whoso lioail was crowned with thorns, : Whoso tours of blood wcro shed for mo, ': '. '?:, ? I cling in humblo earnest hope, ...... ? My advocate that ho will bo.'1 ., : .'??.. V.,. And what remains for us to say ? Nothing 1 After years of pain and miBery ; after stumb ling long in the paths of error and darkness, the bright dawn of a. new and better lifo ap pearod to Bertha and her lover. The Shin-i ing Reef, as it was named in accordance with Jack's extraordinary dreams, turnod out to be even richer than the Hesperus Extended, of which it was a continuation. Grit, long down-trodden, rose to oven greater wealth and prosperity than it had evor_ known. The Busy Boo is onco more the scene of business and revelry, the hundreds who had flown elsewhere when tho clouds of adversity hovered over it, have nowj|returiied|; and it is not likely that the peoplo of Grit, having re ceived ono lesson, will allow this opportunity to pass. Jack is now a wealthier man than he was in the times of tho mania ; and next to him is William, who has reaped at last the reward of his patience. To tho latter tho happiness of his dear Emily is the greatest of his joys. And as Jack has abjured speculation, and is contented and happy with the lovely partner of his lifo, it is not likely that ho will ever again lose the fortune he has amassed out of the Shining Reef. And if there is one lesson ho inculcates to his children inoro than another, it is that solemn one of Scripture, burnt into his mind by the history of tho past— . ...? : .- . . ' Be sure thv sin will find thee out.' .. -? The End. -.?'.. ? 1 ' '??. ..?': - ? '' ?'?*'?'?' — i— :. .- '??'. '? ? 