OATHS. TO THE EDITOR. Sir,—In the postscript to the letters on " Oaths in Courts of Justice," Mr. Barker says, "Mr. Kennedy begins by emphasising the principles that Christ came 4 not to destroy but to fulfil,' and finally reaches the conclusion that Jesus abolished, that is, did destroy one Old Testament law." I submit that I did not reach such a conclusion. My conclusion was that Christ fulfilled the law, and did not destroy it. Mr. Barker must have made the mistake from not grasping the difference between the "destroying" and the "fulfilling " of a law, and this difference I shall now endeavor to explain. The result of destroying a law is, that what was forbidden is no longer forbidden. The result of fulfilling a law is, that what was formerly forbidden is still forbidden by a law that supersedes, but does not destroy the former law. Let us view law as a limit or boundary. A farmer limits or bounds his fields by fences. Now, suppose in one of his fields he finds the cattle straining at the fence to get to the rich pasture on the other side. There being no reason why the cattle should be kept from the grass, he removes the fence, or makes a way through it, thus destroying the former limit or boundary. Suppose, on the other hand, the rich pasture belongs to a neighbour. The farmer in that case may not destroy the fence; but he may erect one at some distance within the former. In which case the first fence would become useless, while the other remained good; but though useless, not destroyed, Again; suppose the legislature, fearing the rapid spread of thistles, passed a law to the effect that 110 thistles be allowed to seed. In that case the thistles might grow till they began to get ripe; but no longer. But after a time, finding that thistle seed was useful as food for cattle, the legislature concludes that the law against them was a mistake, and it is annulled, destroyed. But, suppose it was found that thistles proved an unmitigated evil, and that it was ruinous to the soil to let them grow. A law is then passed that thistles must be completely rooted out. In this case the law against allowing thistles to seed is not destroyed; but becomes inert, provided the other law is fully carried out. In other words the former law is fulfilled. Now for the application of this to the case under discussion In the first place it is instructive to observe how Christ interpreted the law in regard to oaths. " Thou shalt not forswear thyself; but shall perform unto the Lord thine oaths." Swearing was good, not of itself, honoring one'6 parents was good in itself; but as means to an end, and that end was faithfulness and justice. The oath brought on the swearer a solemn obligation to thorough truthfulness. It had to be performed unto the Lord. Swearing agreed with the state of man under the former dispensation. A parallel case is to be found in the Holy of Holies. To take cursory view, we say the Holy of Holies is gone now, and to the outward vision it is vanished most surely, is no where to be seen on the earth now as it was aforetime. But listen carefully, scan closely, and possibly we shall find some trace of it. Proud pliil osophy has whisperings of its existence somowliere, " The Highest Being reveals Himself in man," says Carlyle. Chrysostom says, " the true Shckinah is man," and to quote further from Carlyle, " There is but one temple in the universe, says the devout moralist, and that is the body of man," and a greater than these has eaid, your body is the temple of the Holy Ghost. What cleansing, and purifying, and with what solemnity did the High Priest enter the Sacred Presence. How solemn does life become if we can believe that it is to be passed in the Holy of Holies, under the abiding presence of the Most High. But how does this bear on the question of oaths ? Let us see a little. The taking of an oath was a solemn act. The greatest caution ana care would be exercisccd with solemnity by the sincere, lest they should be guilty of perjury. This caution, and care, and solemnity, were incumbent only till the oath was performed. Now, what does the abolition of oaths mean ? To me it means that obligation to truthfulness in all things is at all times as binding as in the man who took an oath. Viewed so, life becomes very solemn; but not more solemn, I contend, than our Creator would have it. But suppose a man overleaps the new limits placed by Christ, he will still find the old law binding. While he takes an oath ho must still perform it unto the Lord. Mr. Barker says the oaths referred to by Christ had reference to the future, whereas oaths in a court of justice had reference to the . I am astonished at such a statement as this, for you swear that you shall speak the truth; and according to the law you were to do it unto the Lord. Further, Mr. Barker says, according to certain traditions, " they were not to swear falsely in the name of God." But according to law they were not allowed to do so. Does Mr. Barker imply here, as W. T. affirms, that only such oaths as were " innovations " were forbidden by Christ? If so, I answer, Christ first speaks of lawful oaths. Now, swearing by God was the lawful form of oath; therefore, when Christ said " swear not at all," swearing by God was forbidden. But, as according to W. T., " innovations" had to be forbidden, some of these at least are mentioned by Christ to be likewise condemned. But lest any other forms of oath should be invented by the fertile brain of these Pharisees or by any others, he provides against them by saying whatsoever is more than yea, yea, nay, nay, cometh of evil." I now coll upon those who do not believe Christ's language to be a general prohibition to sit down and frame language by which oaths of all kinds, both lawful and unlawful, could be more clearly and forcibly forbidden than by the language used by Christ. Cruden says, re Matt. v. 34, "And the primitive Christians observed this command in a literal sense, as may be seen from Tertulian, Eusebius, Chrysostom, Basil, Jerom, etc. Try and explain what led primitive Christians to accept this command as they did. Space forbids my showing that some more of Mr. Barker's positions are not sound. I thank him for showing me that I was not sufficiently clear in my last. I shall not dispute tliat my arguments may be " painful," " elaborate," and not free from " shallows." I am sorry for it; but they are my poor best, and I only wish I could do better in behalf of a cause becoming daily dearer to me. To use the words of an ambassador who was more anxious about the cause he had in hand than about himself, I would say Strike, but listen." I am, sir, yours etc., THOMAS KENNEDY. Norton's Summit, Sept. 18, 1882. P.S.—Mr. Barker says the Sinless One took an oath. I replied to this in the words of Hierom in my last. I shall now add the language of Schleusner. The words " I adjure," do not here mean " I make to swear, or put upon oath; but I solemnly, and in the name of God, exhort and enjoin." And this agrees with their use by the evil spirits, " I adjure thee by the living God that thou torment me not." Would Mr. Barker hold that the evil spirit administered an oath. Lest it should not be evident to every one, I would direct attention to one of Mr. Barker's syllogisms. Oaths out of a court of justice are profane Paul, the Apostle, used oaths (out of a court of justice.) Ergo, the apostle was a profane swearer. The conclusion is mine, but it is the only one that can be drawn from these premises. Oh! these sixthlies, Mr. Barker, they will bring us to grief. T. K. [This correspondence must now cease. ED.] 