PELIGI OUS INTELLIGtNC)E. TnEBrsIoSPOF MELBOURNE ON HEAVEN. In the course of a sermon preached on Sun day last by Dr. Mloorhonse, that distin guished prelate is reported by the Argus to have said: "There were many really learned men in the present day who knew about the Word of God little more than superstitious old wives did of fables and accounts which they had heard in the nurt sery. He said this out of charity to them, because it it were not so it would be totally impossible to explain the ridioulous mis takes into which they were continually iall ing. Ie thle days when these learned men were young, the ordinary Christian would tell them that the Gospel came to teach them the way to heaven, and if questionied further he would probably say that the end of his labour, and the object of hisihopes beyond this world, was the getting to heaven. No wonder that that was re garded as a mean and contemptible Christianity-' an other worldliness.' That, however, was not New Testament teaceing. The Kingdom of God twas not meat and drink, but righteousness and peace and joy in the Holy Ghost. The Kingdcm-of God within a man consisted in the regulation of his feelings,.impulses, thoughts, words, and deeds, so that his life was animated and ii spired by. love to God and man. Heaven was not a place merely; it was the state of the soul towards God; and if a man tried to gain it as a reward, and merely from selfish motives, that act shut it out from him, for that belonged to the opposite of the Kingdom of God-not to heaven, but to hell." Mr. C, I.; Spurgeon has had another attack of his old malady-rheumatic gout, and has beeii unable to officiate at the Metropolitan Tabernacle regularly of late. The Rev. Dr. Fairburn, of Manchester, has just been elected chairman of the Congre gational Union for the ensuing year. The Rev. E. Hawley, vicar of Worksop. rural dean; and chaplain to the Duke of Newcastle, expired a few days ago. The living is in the gift of the Duke of New castle's trustees. 