lifer's Cablefframs LONDOX, Tuesdav. 1 Wclsrly, acompanied by the dmsion al con'iDiitu'ers, left cnmp tliis looming .wifh the oV>j"ct o£ urmngitig a plan attack rn Oui'abi at Telekebir. Every' tiling is in readiness and orders to ad vance are motnmtarily expected. . The If aval Biigade arrived at Kas, saroin with six G-atling uuns, they have taken an advanced post tion a mile dis" tant. The Tnrtish "convention is still unex ecuted, the delay is caused by the Porte I rejecting the draft which JDnfferin ini tialed that the Turkish delegates had accepted, hence the reported signature. ..AiEXANBEIA, Tdaesay. September 13. 6<-ne.-aI Sir Garnet Wolseley Havingdecided upou a line of operations in an attack on Tele Ckfbar, began it at 4'30 this morning. Wolse ley'6 entire force yesterday afternoon wade a sligiit advance preparatory to his attack and broke bivouaeat 2 o'clock in the morning for Telelikibar. ' They attacked Ourabi Bey before daybreak, and after a brilliant and desperated encouuter carried the position, cajjtnrin^ 40 gons an'' a large number of prisoners, Ourabi in full retreat, with our cavalry in .pursuit. September 15. An attempt was made in the Anglican Synod yesterday to authorize the reading of tlie re vised version of the TVs'ament in the Churches, the.propnsa' vras withdrawn until the convoca tion authorizes its readings in the home juTj arches. PERTH. September 15. The lepislutKie have paS^il a resolution in ' favor of a railway from Roebuck Bay to Cain brifige Golf for the development of the Kim berley district. THE Union p.c. crashed 00 Urns for a yield of S1I ozs. 16 dwts.; the St Patrick Block tri bute, (_C»ok. Dee and Party),crushe(3 248 tous lor 424 ounces. THE last reports the crushing from t:ie*Cal^do!iia ineorreetly. It gives 1481 ozs. fru'ii 139 tons, it should have Leeu 1510 pgs, Irow 226' fcrns, are the justices WARRILLA WINE.-Awarded a Prize Medal and Certificate of merit at the Philidelphia Centennial Exhibition, 1876; a honorable mention at the Paris Exhibition of 1878, and first prize (medal) at the Sydney International exhibition, 1879-80.-Irwin Bros. Warrilla vine-yard Ipswich. fHE Separatitjtj league in Towns vill& hav<^ sacked" their their secretary, and now re fuse to pay-bis salary. They called him names . into the bargain, and described. hi» claim as " unjust." Tfeis is a faint foreshadowing, of ther treatment tjw»e, people- would extend to the outside dstncte if the/ got Separation, and got the p&rer; Xuto- their hands.. The cry would be "«jre Townsiilk and ourselves first, and deeltakp tUe hinilmaBt." They have. began shabbfly^tjiey ougbfc tp. pay their secre tary, and shovEj-^^e^ haye sonjerhont^ly and decency.. CJoHPtAffiTS aWRwie that; lb Crushing ' returns the . number of tons is not given and suspit^w of Chsitew- ltowere gold mining] speculations. The owners of mines are 'res---' jle for.^tki# bptyjgtK. Wfc" give the re im from I h& banks. We | tH!?1majority of owners would . not object lo.thp number ofTB^ being given. A, few do obj#t,. anil neither the banks nor the j newspapers have any power to force the pub lication. Th4 returns of the field are so favorable thai they can stand the closest scrutiny, and it is a matter of regret that the timidi effect of throwing suspieipn on the whole field. The only remedy we see for this is that mine owners should give the number ot tons to the j bank? and request that they be sent to. the newspapeisfor publication. A diabolical attempt was made to blow up a portion of Mr. John Deane's house- on Wed-, nesday niglit. ife had left on Thursday morn ing, going ont the back way for his horse.. His children* who were goiug to school, on stepping off the verandah saw- under the steps, what they * bought was a whip and began to dispute as to its possession. Mrs. Oeane being attracted by their talk came outand saw in their hauds about 3 feet of fuse to which 4 inches of dynamite was attached, a portion of the fuse was bamt aud it had gone o;it. Here the object was very evident. If the dynajnite exploded it would have blown up the verau dah and all on it. Not being coufined within, a hole its effects would not be great, but there was enough dynamite to cause injury to life and limb. Thete can be little ooubt as lo tbe source of this cowardly attack. It is well known that the Divisional Board hare aroused the bitter anger of the owners of goats, aud their chairman has been selected as'a victi-n. It smells a good deal of Phoenix Park tactics. We have same O'Bunovan Bossas amongst us and it would be a good jobif they were hansed or shot, blown up with. dynamite. The Board ought to offer a good reward for the discovei y of fclve scoundrel who has resorted to this form of rod ressing grievances. Thjs is the most disgraceful thing that has ever- occurred on Charters Towers. We are giad that the designs of the iaarderer were defeated. Pjljy some one did. not s^e him in the a;t and put a bullet through lum. Ox Thursday ni lit the English Opera Com pany produced W-ber's Opera "Der Freis chutz to a crowded house. It was placed on the stage in a most p"rfeo' mainer, all the demtuiiacal accessories baing <.f the latest style and the ghosts of the m<>st approved pattern. The limits of the *tige d .1 not permit a fulj development of all the - honors " capable of being produced in the incantation scene, but the cfifect restricted as 1V33 the space was in tensely realistic The music of this opera is weird and wild, funereal, Tartarean in it8 gloomy splendors. The shadows of walpurgis, night and the witches' Sabbath hover in the airs» and there is a thunderous monotone running through all the music, suggesting the dashing of waves in Northern fiords, or the crashing of pines in Norwegian forests. Everything is sombre, glaoiny, and threatening There may be some who find a pleasure in this music bnt to us it appears to come out of a sunless land where only sadness dwells. Yet across the gloom an occasional sunbeam falls, and there are flashes of musical light and joyousness shot athwarth the prevailing sadness. A full orchestra only can do full jusiice to tbe music. The groundwork of the piece is fouud in every European nation, bat German faucy has worked it up into the wildest, horrors. The machinery is generally the same, and the witches in Macbeth.and the lacautatidu scene in Der Freischutz are copies of the same ideal. The expectation «f the audience is gradua'ly heightened, and when the Wolf's Glen is dis closed with all its groiesque and horrible Satanic "furniture." the imagination is' fully aroused. The c.islingof the bullets with the lurid light breaking over the faces of Caspar, and the terrified, l>ut resolute Max, the spec tral forms gliding iu, the grinning skeletons pointing their fleshless fingers, the fiend him self in a blood red rol»e standing amid a rain of sulphurous lire, wrapping up all theactois' forms, creates a seeneof wonderful maguiOc itice. It was greeted vri-h tremendous applause, and some persons rose from their seats, and mide for the doors, though ti>e wnole appearance ot fire and brimstone was harmless. There was a perceptible smell of brimstone left by Old Harry, so there cm be no doubt hie waa there. The closing scene was very effective where Max is rescued from the fiend and restored to Agatha. The choruses were splendidly given. The Opera was repeated last night. Mr. Raphael deserves great credit for his exer tions in producing this opera 011 Charters Towers where the difficulties in his way were so grc^t. To-nigbt Girotie Girofla wilt be pre sented. On Moiulay night the benefit for the widow Gregory will be given, and wear;sure the people of Charters Towers require no re minder in that cause for their charity is ever -free and generous. NOTHING soccekds likr SCCEESS, says tbe French proverb. 'I hi* is strikingly j exemplified by tli* popularity attained by j a stimulating iuvigorant and diuretic some twenty-tive yenrs ago, and which has ever since jiom*. on viiu}tM*.rin« weak- | iivss, kidney disease, gravel, rheumatism, dvs(iep«ia, and various other maladies. It is also rug td«d by physicians as an efficient protection against complaints caused by variations pt the weather, and is known to the 4 >11 lie as Uoulpfo Wolffs KcaiEDiU A ..IMATIC SiHNAPPS, J 