[?] With the close of the year, retrospection naturally finds a place in connection with our pleasures as with our business. A glance at the musical affairs around us compels us to acknowledge that of all the associa tions for the culture of music the only really prosperous one is that which has been most recently established among6t us ; i.e.t the Sydney Liedertafel. The close of its first year's existence was marked by the third Herren Abend, or ' Smoke Concert,' on Thursday, 21st, ? a gathering remarkable for the unmixed pleasure afforded by the uniform excellence of the singing on the part of the members ; for the high standard of merit evinced in the contributions of the soloists — Mr. F. M'Quade (piano), Mr. 'W. Sweetman (cornet), Mr. Sebastian Hodge (saxophone), Mr. W. Morgan, tenor; Mr. Harry Woods, baritone; and Mr. F.J. Hallewell, basso— and for the enthusiasm which, aroused by the performance, found expression in an earnest appeal which we fully hope will result in the erection of a music hall for Sydney, in which this flourishing society and other organisations may give their concerts under conditions far more advantageous to themselves and to the public and more conducive to progress in art than is now possible. It has been pro posed by Sir Patrick Jennings, K.C.M.G., president of the Liedertafel, and Judge Josephson, to raise the funds by the issue of 20 shares at £1000 each. The gentlemen named are each prepared to take one, and Mr. Septimus Stephen, M.L.A., has come forward as a third. In the meantime, it may be well for the pro moters to consider a subdivision. It is unhappily not the rule for wealth and a desire to promote art to go hand in hand. The warmest supporters of music are not those with very large purses, and, while they would be glad to help, to have a 'brick' in the new hall, they may be debarred because they have not the thousand pounds to spare. Two hundred shares of £100, or 400 at £50, would, we think, be more readily taken up than the 20 at £1000, and those subscribers who have the larger sums on hand can indulge their liberality to just the same extent in the subdivision as on the old plan. The 'smoke' concert programme contained few novelties, and for the Liedertafel portion consisted of the numbers which during the year had given the greatest pleasure to their hearers. For their interpre tation of these the members are much indebted to their able conductor ; the hearty manner in which the eulogy by Sir Patrick Jennings of the work of Mr. J. Ash croft Edwards was endorsed by them told how earnestly they realised the value of the ser vices he has rendered. But while the committee have done most wisely in securing these services they have shown an equal discretion in keeping the management entirely in their own hands. To an opposite course is, we think, largely attributable the failure of other societies to maintain their hold on the public. By allowing the professional musical element to assume the chief control, public interest is sacrificed and jealousies are created and fostered. Artists are rarely good business men, and therefore the prosperity of a musical society cannot be looked for unless the musical element is controlled by Bterling common sense. While it is our pleasant duty to record the triumphs of our youthful association, it is no less incumbent upon us to protest against the injustice done to the music-loving public and the injury to the progress of art in this community by the introduction, heralded by high-sounding praises, of a number of persons under the title of an Italian Opera Company. Signor Cagli is undoubtedly the reprehensible person, for he knew to a certain extent the tastes of the Australian public,' and he deserves the punishment he has brought upon himself by the fiasco of the 60-called ' four festival concerts ' at the Theatre Royal. The public, remembering in olden times the name of Cagli as entrepreneur. , would have been ready to support good artists brought by him ; but they also remembered that the good company brought here some years since was formed by the amalgamation of the Cagli and Pompei troupes, and they are now tempted to the conclusion that the good artists belonged to Pompei. When a singer has spent his professional career amongst us, we are naturally disposed to look with indulgence on any shortcomings in the evening of his life, remembering the brilliancy of its noon tide ; but we are by ne means prepared to lavish on the chill winter scene of a garden the praises that the show of flowers in their summer beauty would have received from our admiring senses ; and it is thus with the combination under notice. Of the six vocal artists, one (Signor Benferreri) really deserved the approbation of a new audience; the voices of four are thin and worn in ordinary tones, and when force is exercised they lose in quality what they gain in quantity. The sixth (Signor Sbriscia) has a good voice, but lacks the skill to use it.. The light soprano has still considerable brightness and coquetry in her style, and would doubtless be an acceptable Rosina in ' H Barbiere but as the prima donna of a company she would be last on the list of her predecessors in the colony. So also with Signor Yaganotti ; his dramatic powers are evidently great, but the voice is so utterly gone that what 20 years ago may have been a pleasure is now a torture to hear. We might go on much longer ; twit le j'eu ne t aut pat la chandelle ; the public have emphatically recorded their verdict, despite the furious efforts of some half-dozen claqiteurs ; and our deep regret is that by thin ill-judged attempt the progress of Italian opera will be seriously jeopardised in Australia. Signor Cagli made two speeches in front of the curtain, in one of which he adopted the unusual fashion of depreciating the value of the material he had brought for our edification. Christmas night brought various musical efforts to the surface. The Sydney Musical Union gave Handel's 'Messiah' in the York-street Weslevan Church (kindly lent by the trustees), with the organ played by Mr. Alexander Rea as accompaniment The result was not altogether satisfactory, yet we are bound to say that whenever the organ was heard, inde pendently of chorus or singer it was most agreeable, and that the Pastoral Symphony was exquisitely plaved and more enjoyable than any orchestral rendering we have heard in Sydney for several years. Of the quartette of soloists, the soprano (Madame Rosaly Merz) was decidedly the most notable. It was, we believe, the first time this lady had sung in oratorio in English. Her enuncia tion of the words is deserring of high commendation, and of imitation by many English artists ; her voice is full and rich, and in the recitatives and 'Rejoice greatly »' she was most successful. Mrs. Lines, the contralto, has a sympathetic voice of good quality, which only needs culture to be artistically valuable. Mr. W. Smith's share was a shade less attractive than usual ; and the veteran Mr. Andrew Fairfax deserves credit, if only for the evidence he still affords of the fine Toice which has for so many years been devoted to the gratification of the public. The choruses, despite Mr. Sydney Moss's earnest efforts, were far from perfection. In number and strength the parts were uneven, and the singers were despotic in taking their own time and compelling organist and conductor to follow their lead. There was a very large attend ance. On the same evening Miss Emilie Melville's com pany gave a concert in the Opera-house. In this the prima donna herself took no part, and Miss Marie St. Clair, who wa6 advertised to appear, inserted a contradiction in the morning's papers. The directress has replaced Mi6S Madeline St. Clair by Miss Leaf, and 'he who runs may read' the probable cause of the defection of the contralto. Private feel ing is quite distinct from business arrangements ; and, while every one may be inclined to sympathise in the disappointment of the elder sister, none can deny that the younger was over weighted as the Queen in ' The Royal Middy,'' and gave no evidence ef fitness for the part of Lydia in 'Fatinitza,' and that duty to the public in sub mitting an efficient cast for her Christmas piece com pelled MiES Melville to make a change. Miss Madeline St. Clair has suffered from the too pre valent tendency of Australians to consider their geese as swans. She was overpraised by some persons, and treated on her appearance rather as an estab lished favourite than as a debutante , and she has now to win by study and perseverance the position which ill- judging admirers prematurely forced upon her. Miss Leaf, Miss Bessie Royal, and Sir. Farley gave thorough pleasure to a crowded house by their performances. The chorus did well, and Mr. Harding might have done better had he studied his ' music a little more, Mr. W. E. Sheridan gave some readings at the Masonic Hall. His reception was most enthusiastic, J and his several selections excited the warm admira tion of his audience. In Willis's touching lament of David for Absalom, the great actor's power of expressing pathos was eloquently revealed; ! in reciting the feaBt of Belshazzar, at least three persons seemed present, so distinct were the voices heard. 'The Little Hero'' called forth an irrepressible encore ; and the repetition, an illus tration of the timid and the bold boys' recitations at the school breaking.up, was most laughter-provoking. The applause was so prolonged that Mr. Sheridan, after two extra recalls, while thanking his audience, was compelled to remind them that, as he left for Newcastle that night, it was necessary to limt the duration of the performance. Mr. F. J. Hallewell, whose grand singing at the Liedertafel concert will be ever remembered, assisted at the entertainment ; and when in answer to an encore the first notes of the ' Village Blacksmith ' were heard, the signs of approbation were almost an uproar. Miss Verona Dalmaine, a new claimant for public favour, made her first appearance in Sydney on this occasion. She was warmly greeted as a debutante, and by skilful management of a mezzo-soprano voice of good range and very pure quality proved her self a welcome acquisition. The occasion was insufficient to enable us to assign her at once a leading place among our ' vocal ists, but so far she has nothing to unlearn, and her next appearance will be watched with interest, Mr. C. Huenerbein as accompanist was very good, and his rendering of ' The Two Angels ' was an excellent version of Blumenthal's favourite arrangement Miss Louise Davenport had a first and farewell benefit on Saturday night at the Gaiety, when she played Parthenia in the romantic drama, ' Ingomar.' Mr. Sheridan took the title role. The piece went very smoothly. It displays the lady'6 talents in their most favourable light. The attendance was not so large as might have been expected. With Boxing Night came the full glories of the pantomime season. At the Theatre Royal, the wondrous history of Aladdin and his magic lamp, newly told by Mr. Robert Reece. At the Opera house, Von Suppe's comic opera, 'Fatinitza.'' At the Gaiety, the burlesque of ' Sinbad the Sailor.' The attendances at each theatre, at the Academy of Music for the pictorial representation of the Zulu War, and at the Masonic Hall showed how large a number had determined to make the most of their holiday. The stalls, pit, and upper circle entrances to the Theatre Royal were thronged in broad daylight, and by 7 o'clock the dress circle was well filled. How the numbers who poured in found accommodation ; how the ushers struggled to prevent chairs being placed in the passages ; how in some cases possession was made right, and seats seized in defiance of the ' Taken,' as a preliminary warning, and the entrea ties of those who, in the fond hope of the power of vested interests, came late, would take too long to tell. The officers of the theatre were thoroughly efficient and unwearying, and to them jgreat credit is due for the good tone preserved by the largest audience ever assembled within the theatre ; as the receipts, £40 in excess of any previous taking at the same scale of 1 prices, clearly show. So much has been done in the production within the last few years of works which relied largely on spectacular merits to ensure success, that many had questioned if the resources of tbe theatre could furnish any attractions which would rival what had gone before. Yet this the management have effected, and chiefly because of the new field to which their atten tion has been turned. Li the triumphs of opera bouffe the costumes have been taken from historic periods in European history, with all t-W fancy could add in the way of gorgeous colouring. Forburlesque they have turned to the Celestial Empire, and in the architecture, dresses, and scenery have brought ub face to face with the marvels of China, and so completely that for the time we are identified with a new civilisation. ' Aladdin ' is not ' precious nonsense ' in the style of Bunthorne's poetry ; but instructive nonsense to those who will study the chief elements. With a mischievous rap at the aesthetes, Mr. Reece in his rhymes speaks of the willow pat tern plate as worth its weight in gold, according to present taste ; and in the first scene Mr. Gordon shows one of such dimensions as to fill the stage, and to enable us to realise in full the grotesque character of the design and to ponder on the ways of that strange people who, while possessing so long before us the knowledge of keramic and other arts, are, nevertheless, so far behind in what to us is civili sation. When the willow plate parted, and revealed to us the street in Pekin, it was like an animated pic ture from an illustrated book of travels. The novel architecture, the quaint mixture of colour, the crowd of men and women in their oddly shaped dresses, kept up the illusion, and carried _ the spectators far away from Australian associations. The entry of the Emperor (Mr. Richard Stewart) and his suite brought additional splendour, the Imperial costume is gorgeousness itself, and happily the amusement to the eye diverts attention from the dialogue, which here and in several places has been localised and vulgarised ; there is little wit and less taste ; the pruning- knife might well be used. The Chinese ballet, in which M. _Massartic led the way for a troop of juvenile Celestials through some clever manoeuvres, was very well managed ; the pro cession of court officials and attendants in singularly contrived costumes and the Feast of Lanterns, a daz zling array of lanterns of all sizes, shapes, and colours, brought the first act to a brilliant climax. The second act opens with the interior of the home of Wee- Ping (Mr. Harry Leston), Aladdin's widowed mother. This is followed by the enchanted cave, a series of gloomy caverns surrounded by grim repre sentations of gigantic lions' heads, whose tawny manes wave amongst the sombre foliage of surrounding trees, haunted by demon-ghosts. Here the brothers Mathews as demon-sprites held high revel, and astonished all as much as they pleased by their dexterous feats. Thence the beholder is transported to the Veiled Valley of Jewels, which might indeed represent the home of the fairies of old, a very wilderness of flowers, as if the fairest fields of all the year had thither sent their mingled spoil— had laden the calm waters with a bur den of fragrant blossoms ; and that the genii had brought their store of gems to sparkle and glitter from every angle. In conception and execution this scene is a wondrous picture of fairyland, a very cradle of romanceo n which the eye longs to rest, and to which even the beauteous and dazzling effects of colour added by the decorations of the ' jewelled fays ' seemed a detraction rather than addition. For brilliancy, the effect of the glittering headdresses, the jewel-headed spears, the white cuirass bodices sparkling with gold, the violet, ruby, and many blended tints, was very great. The change from this to the palace of Aladdin was a welcome break before the beauties of the transformation scene, which is in troduced by a shower of roses of every imaginable size and colour, which seem to have been gathered from all the gardens of the world and dropped in magic groups on their fairy bed. The harmony and contrast of tints are perfection, and the framework of each picture seems to be a border of roses illumined with gold. This series includes four representations of the seasons, separated by pictures of floral wealth appropriate to each, save that the English winter landscape is succeeded by an etherealised view of perpetual summer, in which the brightest of flowers, the clearest of crystal streams, and the balmiest air and cloudless 6kies invite the sojourn of maidens fair, who fairy-like rest in mesh-like cradles, borne in mid-air by invisible sprites ; while among them other winged fairies rise, supported to their airy homes on glittering, transparent pinions. It is a scene so full of poetry and exquisite fancy that with a sigh of regret we saw it shut from our view ; and were there no attractions but those afforded by Mr. George Gordon's talent, the entertainment would be charming. Five times was the artist summoned by the delighted crowd, and well indeed was the distinction merited. To the stage manager, Mr. H. H. Vincent, great praisc is due for the ease and precision with which bo many persons fulfilled such distinctive parts. By the brothers Mathews and the clever little Carl much amusement is also contributed; indeed there was among the company generally a desire to do full justice to the liberality of management in providing the means for so good an entertainment. The princi pal characters were taken by Misses Maggie Knight (Aladdin), Docy Stewart (Shi-Ning), and Jessie Grey (Badroulbadour), all of whom appeared for the first time at the Theatre Royal, and in divers degrees justified the praises they have received elsewhere. Mr. John L. Hall was very imperfect in the dialogue and consequently in effective as Abanazar. Mr. Stewart and Mr. Leston were good, and the lady dancers graceful and attractive. The Harlequinade had considerable novelty ; the clown and his dog were for a time rivals, and that many of the people were in the theatre for five hours consecutively is good testimony to their satisfaction. The burlesque will doubtless occupy the stage for a long run, during which we shall have opportunities for referring in detail to some portions but lightly mentioned. At the Opera-house Miss Emelie Melville has scored a genuine success in ' Fatinitza.1' The opera is capitally mounted, and every effort has been made to do justice to the really good music. Those who heard the opera before have little idea how superior is the present representation. Space compels us to be brief in this notice. Next week we shall have much more to say; in the meantime the attendance testifies to the satisfaction of the public. Miss Melville her self plays the dual part, as she dresses it, most be witchingly. The Gaiety, too, is drawing good houses. Mis?' Rosa Towers and her sister are general favourites. Musical prizes available on the Continent are in creasing in number and value. In the coming season the Meyerbeer bursary, value £225, is open. The com petitors must be German, 28 years of age, and pupil? of one of four musical institutions in Berlin or of the Cologne Conservatoire. The winner has to pass six months in Italy, six months in Paris, and the same period in Vienna, Munich, Dresden, and Ber lin. The Brussels Academy offers two prizes— 600 francs for a ' Critical Study on Gretrv's Life and Works, and his Position in the History of Music of the 18th century,' and '1000 francs for a trio for pianoforte, violin, and violoncello the com petition limited to Belgians. The ' Sociela del Quartetto,' Milan, offers, to Italians only, 1000 lire as first prize and 500 lire as second, for a trio for piano forte, viola, and violoncello. Sir William Clarke ha? founded a scholarship for Victorians in the new English Royal College of Music, and appointed three examiners to decide upon the most eligible candidate. It is to be hoped that the sister colony will not be the only one so represented in the new institution. 