Lost in the Crowd, A STORY. BY FREDERICK TALBOT. Author of ' Lottie's Fortune.' ' Sophie Crewe,' and the 'Scarsdale Peerage.' Chaptee L —A Face in the Crowd. I stood in the bay window of Padgett's Hotel, the house with the row of big lamp posts in front of it, in Piccadilly, one wet evening towards the fag end of summer, and watched the endless procession of carriages, horses, and wet umbrellas. Darkness was closing in all round, a steamy, vaporish dark ness and the big lamps in front were just liehted. and marked out a strip of bright ness, in which hurrying figures became just 'visible for a moment before they were lost in The gloom on either hand. All was new to me aud strange, for I had only just landedf rom sl long sea voyage after nearly twenty years' absence from my native land. Strange it all ?was, and utterly lonely. I had not felt half so lonely in my battered hut among the dreary Sierras cf the New World. And though I liad come back rich and prosperous there was rot a soul to welcome me home. How should there be, indeed? My poor old mother had been dead for years, and the few friends I had made in my youth knew nothing about me now, unless indeed it were the warmest friend of them all, my old chum of early days— Marmaduke Miles— and of him I had not heard for two years and more. Ah ! if I had known where to find my old friend Miles, who was living, too, some where in London, I should have felt no longer lonely or a stranger. Miles, who was such a clever, bright fellow, the hero of my jouth, who claimed and received my homage in virtue of his talents, and four or five years longer experience of life. Ah ! what stories we should have to hear and tell if I -could only put my hand upon Miles at this moment. Perhaps I owed my fortune to Miles — that fortune which had come so suddenly after being sought so long in vain. Anyhow I should not have emigrated to the -Pacific coast and spent the best years of my life round about Arizona Peak if Miles had not made the old country intoler able to me by marrying my sweet heart, pretty Madge Purton. Mind, I never blamed him for that even in my inmost heart. 'The girl would never have looked at me, fond as I was of her, even had Miles been out of -the way, seeing that I was nothing but a raw, ?callow youth, with no prospects in the world -except of having by-and-bye to help out my poor mother, the widow of a dissenting minister, who so far had made a good fight against adversity with a tiny day school. Poor dear! it was little I could ever do to help her, and she died in harness at last, without a glimpse of that good ibrtune which came to me so tardily. Well, I had no business to fall in love under those -circumstances, but I did; that handsome little gipsy Madge won my heart for ever. I feel the pain of it now, of that day when I leard that she and Miles were married. TThey made a runaway match of it, by the Aray, for in worldly position Miles was little netter off than I, and Madge's father, Dr. Purton, was a man of some little, property; and although a leveller in theory, an eccentric kind of man, the pillar, in a financial way, of our discussion society, and delighting in the society of clever young fellows of advanced -and uncompromising views, good Dr. Purfcon ?was in practice as stiffnecked as the most stubborn Tory. And he never forgave his daughter for making such a match, Miles ?-eing in his worldly state nothing more grand than an auctioneers clerk. But then Miles had Ms pen, and with bis pen he intended to ?do wonders. And indeed he had already «lone wonders on a small scale in our native -town of Tedworth, having written a series of letters of a satiric cast that were pub* lished in the local journal, and, were thought, and perhaps with justice, po rival' anything that appeared in the SatvJpiffy, JSeview. And then Miles had also written -with applause for London magazines. - Alto gether, nobody wondered that he 4?ever returned to Tedworth with his bride,* but settled in London to make a position for himself. ' . It was in London I saw them last, Miles ' and his wife, just before I sailed for San ~Francisco. They were in lodgings then, and my old sweetheart looked, I fancied, rather 'worn and worried. Bat then a baby had come not long before ; another little Madge, over whom I remember I wept in secret some salt tears of wasted tenderness and passion ; and the mother had hardly recovered her strength. Miles himself was bright and san guine, and doing great things according to his own account, but still I fancied- with nothing very secure in his position. Heaven's ! what should bring these bygone matters into my head as I stood in the bay window at Padgett's? Was it as in dreams tnat tne wnoie superstructure 01 my laougni had reared itself at one stroke from some outward impression ? ' Had I felt a presence before the actual sight of it? I doa't know how this may be, X only know that on this particular night, as I stood there thinking over these matters, a face came out of the gloom of gathering night, a face clearly revealed in the light of the big hotel lamps just lighted, a face wan and pale and desperate looking in its rigid fixedness, but certainly the very reflection of the face of my old sweetheart Madge, as I had known her* long years ago. I darted down to the door, almost upsetting the waiter who was bringing in my dinner, and out into the street bareheaded, but I was too late, the face and its owner had passed out of sight, {airly lost in the crowd. But it could not have been Miles's wife I had seen, ^repeated, as I walked back to the coffee-room. The waiter had lighted the gas and pulled down the blinds, and shut out the vet night and the busy flaring street ; but I ?could not shut out from my heart the sight I had just seen. The face was not my old sweetheart's, she had been dead for years, but her daughter's face it might have been, the tiny thing I had kiBsed in its cradle. And if this were indeed Miles's daughter surely the man himself must be in a very bad way. There was want in the face, there was famine written there, and the hopeless rigor of some desperate purpose. And to some hopeless and desperate pass it ?was quite likely that Miles and his daughter might have come. The hist letter I had re ceived from him, and that was nearly three years ago, gave a melancholy depressing account of him. His wife was dead, his health quite broken down; he had been obliged to give up his journalistic employ* ment, but here came a touch of the boastful confidence of other days. He was now en gaged in purely literary work of a more abid ing character. Only time was required, and remuneration, although certain, followed slowly. In the meantime, he had to confess, they were on the point cf starvation, he and his daughter. Had I struck oil, he asked, in the way of -gold or silver, and if I had, would I lend him twenty pounds ? And this letter came to me when I was nearly starving myself; a bulky overweight letter, for which I paid away the last quarter collar I had in the world. There were photos inside, one of himself in a thoughtful' atti- tude, and in a good store suit, while I was almost in rags, and my shoes tied to my feet with bits of string. Even the second photo graph did not please me much, his daughter's, althougha'slim,pretty-lookinggirl, with some* thing of her mother's look inner eyes. I answered Miles's letter then and there, in the rough shanty that did duty for a post office, hungry and angered as I was. It was so use writing to me for money, and hand come as he might be, I didn't care to pay away my last shilling for his photograph. And then I tore his letter and his photo to tits— I kept the girl's— and ground the pieces -into the mud with my foot. It was a cutting letter that I wrote, and I was sorry for it afterwards when a turn in my fortunes came. For a turn in my fortunes did come, or I should not be dining here instate at Padgett's Hotel, served upon silver, with two or three men to wait trpon me. Such a quick unex pected turn, as -makes everything about one feel unreal and visionary. There were some half dozen of us to start with, who had a share in a disputed claim by Arizona Peak, and fought for it with, a rival company. But two went down with fever, and two more were rubbed out in a fight. And then -the other company, which was backed ty men who were worth millions, thought it mote prudent to buy us out than fight us out; and we got fifty thousand pounds a piece in cash, and paid-up shares besides, to a good tune, in the Arizona 'Peak Amalga mated Mine. People said we were fools to settle, and might have cleared a million if we had held out. But I felt that I had got ♦nough, andwasgladof a chance of seeing the old country again. I should have written to Miles as soon as the affair was settled, and sent him a five* hundred dollar bill, but I had destroyed his letter and forgotten the address. Well, I ?would hunt him np when I got back to Eng land. And somehow I was not very uneasy about him. Miles was always given to color ing things a little, and it wasn't very likely he ?would starve in a civilised country, with takers' shops at every corner. Out Arizona Peak way, now, you might know what a bit of hunger waa like. But the sight of the girl's face had given me a shock. I realised at once how easy it must be to drift to destruction in the midst of the hurrying unheeding crowd of this huge «ity. I was not easy till I was out and about ziext morning doing my best to hunt up. Miles. I searched all kinds of direc tions, city and suburban. I applied personally at all newspaper offices ?where be might have been employed. In some I found a vague memory of him/ as of an occasional contributor, but lost sight of Jong since. And then I put an advertisement in the papers requesting M * * e M * * s to connamnicate with an old friend who held something to his advantage. And that brought upon me a shower of letters from all kinds of people who wanted to claim my friendship and the attendant advantage, but not a word from Miles. And then one day after dinner in the hotel smoking-room I took np the evening paper and caught sight, among the advertisements, of this announcement — \TEW NOVEL, by the popular author of 1^ 'SaktleyFoeestek. Now ready at all the libraries, in three vola. 'THE &HNTSTER; OF MOTHERWELL,' by Marmaduke Miles. Henry Blackwell & Co., Plane Court, Fleet-street, pub lishers. Here was good news of old Miles dissipating all previous misgivings. Dead? Not he, but thoroughly alive and writing popular novels. Daughter starving — now, was it likely ? Can you imagine the daughter of a popular author going about in rags almost, with famine written in her face? No; I felt very sorry for the poor girl who had passed that night in such despairing mood, but clearly she could not be Miles's daughter. Ah! if I could only reach old Miles this very night, and bring him here to smoke and talk over old times _; or, perhaps, to spend the evening with him in his pretty suburban villa, with his daughter playing to me and singing a little, and turn ing round to join in the talk every now and then, as her mother used to do in the old days. Well, that might come on the morrow, when I had got his address from his pub lishers. Miles would be a little stand-offish at first, perhaps, in consequence of that unlucky letter; but he would soon come round— old associations would overpower his resentment. But I was full of impatience to reach those publishers next day. But on the premises was only a depressed-looking' youth some thing between clerk and errand boy, who knew nothing of Mr. Miles or his address. Mr. Blackwell did, no doubt, but he was not likely to be there that day. I could only console myself by purchasing all Miles's works and taking them back to the hotel to read, I don't think I felt much interest in the minister, who was a little too much of a paragon. Being a minister's son, you see, I was up to their secret failings; but when I came to 'Santley Forester' I was fairly en thralled. There was Tedworth as I had known it, and Dr. Purton and myself, and my mother, all drawn to the life. And with such a kindly hand? And Miles had clearly, too, penetrated the secret of my hidden affection for Madge, and had put down all I felt, and more, at parting from hsr, till I was fairly overcome with it all. And now my anxiety to meet with old Miles became almost a fever. Aud next day I was onoe more at Mr. Blsckwell's office. This time he was within, and would be at liberty in ton minutes. I sat down on a pile of reams of paper— the only thing there was to sit upon, putting out of the question the tall, battered stool occupied by the clerk, and the counter piled high with literature of various kinds. Just then came in another visitor for Mr. Blackwell, a young woman, small and rather sallow, but with fine luminous eyes. 'He's upstairs,' admitted the clerk, 'but he'll be busy for three or four hours.' 'Then I'll wait,' said the young woman resolutely, as she placed herself in a corner out of the way. Of course I could not do less than offer her my seat, which she accepted after a disclaimer of fatigue. With this, a few remarks were exchanged between us, to be interrupted by the ding of a bell upstairs. 'He'll see you now,' said the clerk, blink ing his eyes at me significantly. ' Won't tie young lady take my turn,' I asked. But the young lady_declined most posi 'Take a seat,' murmured Mr. Blackwell, a stout jovial looking person, who seemed to be , intently occupied for the moment, Then, with a glance at my card, 'Well, sir, from 'Frisco, eh?' for that address was still on my1 card. ' And what's the best news over ?mere?' With some unmeaning reply I hastened to explain my errand. Mr. Blackwell frowned, 'The relations between author and pub lisher,' he said, in a fine voice, 'have some thing confidential, almost sacred, about them, eh? You want to see Mr. Miles? Very good. But how do I know Mr. Miles wants to see you?' Upon that, to prove that my motives were friendly, I offered to leave a cheque for £59 with Mr. Blackwell for Mr. Miles, if it was not likely to offend him. 'Well, no,' with a gracious smile, Mr. Blackwefi did not thinkhe would be offended. 'But to say the truth,' he continued; ''I have no more idea than you have where he is.' Then, seeing that I looked a little incre dulous, he went on. ' I've sunk a good bit of money in Miles, more than I shall ever set back, lm afraid. You've read his books ; now, what do you think of 'em?' In my zeal for Miles' welfare I even exag gerated the pleasure I had received in reading ' Well, that? swhatrmtold,' said Blackwell ; ' but bang it all, the B.P. won't take to 'em no the public won't, sir. Miles is a snare, sir. I wish I'd never seen him (fiercely). Look there Mr.— four or five bundles of MS., each of which represents a novel. Take 'em for fifty pounds a piece, and they cost me more,: and publish 'em at your own expense.' Blackwell laughed heartily as I declined. 'Quite right, sir. I'm sick of the game my self, but as for Miles I know nothing at all about him, but you can speak to Morris, my confidential man, as yon go down, be may know more. Good morning, sir.' . But I had another favor to ask. There was a young lady downstairs who had been told she would have to wait three hours. Would Mr. Blackwell kindly see her at once. 'Ah, Miss Mullens no doubt,' cried Black welL 'Fll see her this moment, a rising authoress, MissMullens. Courtesy and prompt ness, Mr. ? are our leading principles in dealing-with authors.' Mr. Morris was looking oat for me as I went downstairs. ' You want to know about Mr. Miles/' he said, drawing me into his room. 'Pray has anything fallen in for Miles, a grand fortune perhaps?' I shook my head. ' Only an old friend .who want? to see him.' 'Well, let me see,' said Morris, looking rather disappointed, I fancy— 'Til tell you all I know about him. The last time he was here was two years ago last Christmas. We'd taken a good deal of his MS., more than we make use of indeed, thinking to develop him —but at last he fell to pieces, and we were obliged to drop him.' ' Or did you drop him first,' I asked, 'and was the falling to pieces the consequence?' : ' Oh, no !' said. Morris, with a superior smile (he was not a bad- looking young man, this Morris, but with an insufferable air of superiority), ' he wrote' himself ' out. ' The last MS. he submitted to us wasn't at all up to the mark. It was just before Christmas he came, I remember—' HI trouble you for a cheque on account for that MS., Mr. Morris,' he said. It was a painful thing to have to tell him that we could not take his MS., and that there was no cheque, consequently, forthcoming. It was rather a blow to Mr. Miles, I fancy. Perhaps he placed his MS. in other hands. Anyhow, we haven't seen him since, and our letters sent to his hist address have been returned through the dead letter office.' Morris looked at me enquiringly as if won dering whether I had any more questions' to ask. But I turned away quite disgusted and distressed. I had been so sanguine as to find ing Miles and his daughter at once that the disappointment sickened me. Chapter n.— Mine Own Familiar Friend. As I went to the door I saw Miss Mullens coming down the stairs looking quite elate and triumphant. 'Don't you want to speak to me, Miss Mullens,' cried Morris, in quite dulcet tones. 'Oh, no, thank you; I have transacted my business with Mr. Blackwell,' said the young woman, tripping forward. I hastened to open the door for her, our eyes met, she smiled her t-Jm-nlra, And then it struck me allof a sudden there was a chance of finding out about Mites — this young woman is one of the craft no doubt. And when the publisher's door had closed behind us I ven tured to stride after Miss Mullens and ask the question. ' Indeed, I'll be very glad to tell you any thing I know,' said Miss Mullens, with a fearless glance from her dark grey eyes. There was just the suspicion of a brogue in her voice, which was a very pleasant one. The traffic in Fleet-street was rather deafen ing, and so we turned into a quiet bye-way and then upon the Thames embankment. Yes, Miss Mullens had a slight knowledge of Miles— had met him sometimes at Black well's office, and as members of the same craft they bad fraternised to the extent of walking along Fleet-street together. But she had seen nothing of him since the winter of two years ago. Perhaps he had gone abroad. Just as likely he was dead, for he was looking very ill 'when she saw him last. And the daughter, yes, poor girl, it would be hard for her, no doubt, if she had been left aloneinLondon. But other people's daughters had also to fight for daily bread, and found it hard enough to win their share in the general scramble. Miss Mullens spoke feel ingly, but not without cheerfulness. 'You find Blackwell rather hard to deal with,' I suggested, sympathisingly. Well, Miss Mullens opined that on the whole he was not a bad sort of fellow. She used to think him hard when she first began to write, but having since had more expe rience of the trade she had come to think much more favorably of old Blackwell. Somehow I didn't like the notion of losing sight of Miss Mullens altogether, although we had reached by this time the Temple station, which, was her destination. I was anxious to find out something about Miles, and also to improve my acquaintance with the young woman herself. 'I must, leave you here,' cried Mis3 Mullens for the second time, but lingering [ still. j 'One moment,' I cried. 'I am really j very anxious about the Miles family, especi- ! ally about the daughter, and can't you help j me?' j I told her in a few words the little story. ( How I had loved the mother, and how her i father had been my earliest friend. Told her, - too, of the face I had seen from the window I of my hotel, and of the misgivings I had felt for the poor girl from that moment — mis- . givings dissipated for the time, but now re newed with greater force than ever. ' And you are quite sure,' said Mi3S Mul lens, who had listened with full attention. j 'You are quite sure that Morri3 knows \ nothing — has no clue? Oh, I have no reason ' to think he has !' (in reply to a questioning i look) ' only— well, wasn't Mias Mues rather a i pretty girl ?' j ' She promised to be,' I said, and showed : her the photo which I had kept when I so foolishly destroyed ' poor Miles's, along with ; his letter. ' Yes,' she said, thoughtfully, looking at ; the portrait. 'That is a face some men would go wild after— a face too good to be \ lost in the wilds of London,' ' It shan't be,' I cried. ' We will find her. You and I, Miss Mullens.' The young woman's face glowed for a moment as if she shared my enthusiasm. Aud then a cold shade came over it. ' Now, look here, Mr. — Wallace, is it t If you, or if you j like it better, if we, should find this young i person, pray what good can- we do her ?' - - 'I am rich, Miss Mullens,' I cried, in reply. ' I am rich, and can help her.' Miss Mullens with that taking a dainty pair of eye-glasses, fixed them on the bridge of her nose and looked at me with a mix ture of fun and sarcasm that rather discon certed me. ' People of your kind are so rare in our walk of life -that you must pardon my having a good look at you.' Till that moment I had not thought Miss Mullens good-looking, but now the sallow, mobile face and dark saucy eyes, set off in some way by the glasses across her nose, be came positively charming. 'Well, riches are all very well,' continued Miss Mullens impatiently, 'but if the young woman is in a respectable way of earning her living, your help will only demoralise her. And if she isn't — come Mr. Wallace— if she isn't in a respectable way, as may very well happen, why then you will wash your hands of her in the usual Pharaaaieal manner.' But I shook my head. ' I hadn't learnt,' I said, 'such morals up Arizona Peak way, and whatever the girl might have turned to she was still the daughter of my be3t friend \- and of the only 'woman I had ever really loved, and if I found her in the very pit of destruction I'd have her out or tumble in myself.' 'That's right, friend Croesus,' said the young woman, holding out her hand; ' I like your way of going on, and if Hester Mullens can help you she will. Now, let me think.' Miss Mullens seated herself upon'oneof the iron benches of the embankment and gave herself up to thought. It was a fine breezy day, with a full tide in the river, which was crowded with long lines of grimy barges at the tail of still more grimy tugs,: while sad colored steamers loaded with passengers plied to and fro, from pier to pier. Below us a hollow rumbling and roaring of under ground trains, accompanied by a whiff of steam and cinders every now and then from some crack in the earth's crust, while behind us the red brick buildings of the Temple glowed in a setting of flowers and flower beds all still and deserted. By the time I had taken in all this Miss Mullens had recovered from her reverie, and said — ' I have just got the least ghost of a clue,' she said. 'Miles was addicted to writing pamphlets, I fancy, and sending copies of them to his acquaintances, and I remember he sent me one— the very last thing I ever heard of him — I didn't read it, for it was about a murder, and murders don't interest me ; they are not my genre, dont you see, butpossibly 1 haven't destroyed it, aud I might be able to find it.' 'But if you, Miss Mullens, were lucky enough to find this pamphlet, how could that advance us?' ' Why ?' said Miss Mullens, elevating her eyebrows at my stupidity. ' The pamphlet must have a publisher, or at all events a printer; most likely some' small man who would probably be on more intimate terms with Miles than Blackwell & Co.' I caught at the notion. - But I had an un easy feeling that no timewastobe lost.' 'And could Miss Mullens look for that pamphlet at once.and let me have it ?' MissMullens seemed doubtful. 'It's a hundred to one I haven't got -it,' she said j 'Now, I remember, I have changed rooms since then, and sold all my: waste paper to the rag and bone man. It's ten hundred to one - against it ; but what does that matter after- all,' she said, her face brightening up. 'We shall find it at the British Museum, so come along.' 'At the British; Museum,' I cried, rather awe 'struck. 'Do you mean 'to say they would put Miles's pamphlet into the museum?' Miss Mullens laughed again her hearty laugh. ' Did you never hear of the museum library, and don't you -know that everything in the shape of a printed hook finds its way there? Come along, .we'll dart across to there in no time.' i , And the little woman, who looked so fagged atBlackwell's office, brightened np with great energy and vigor. But I insisted on a cab. 'Ah, yes, I forgot you were a Croesus,' said Miss Mullens. 'We must have a cab, then.' When the cab had discharged us upon the Museum steps, and we had passed under 'the frowning portico into the hall where cata logues are sold and people's umbrellas and sticks taken care of. Miss Mullens left me to gaze about at sculptures and inscriptions while she darted off to some office to get me a ticket for the day for the reading-rooms; as for herself she bad a permanent . ticket. Presently she reappeared, and beckoned me to follow her through a long corridor guarded by two officials, who ' scrutinised our passports for a moment, and into the big silent dome filled with -a dusty kind of sun shine and the soft gleam of gilt bindings. 'Now for a local habitation,' she cried, leading me along rather bewildered by the novelty of -the scene and the circular arrange ment of things that made my head turn round in sympathy. And we found two unoccupied seats, and then went to the cir cular counter, where the catalogues were kept, huge volumes with brazen edges— a big library in themselves— full of nothing but the names of books. Really the Miles's occupied a very respect* able position in literature, and filled up quite a number of pages in the catalogue. Miss Mullens had to turn over leaf after leaf several times before she came to the entry she wanted. 'Here we are,' she cried at last, pointing to a printed slip, 'Press- mark, C4565. Mites, Marmaduke, Homi cide made easy, a Comment on the Crompton street Murder, London, 1879, 8vo.' Mis3 Mullens instantly made out a requisition for the publication on a printed form, which she threw into a basket upon an inner counter. And then we went back to our seats, and began to converse. 'Not too loud,' said Miss Mullens, . ' for there's a rule against talking, only nobody pays attention to it.' And indeed there was a general hum of voices audible. ''I call it the whispering gallery,' said Miss Mullens. I rather blessed that rule about talking, for the sound of the subdued tones of Miss Mullens's voice was very bewitching, and it was pleasant to have to whisper back again. In about half an hour an attendant made his appearance with Miles's brochure, neatly bound in the museum binding— the most respectable-looking copy extant, no doubt. The publisher's name was on the title-page— one John Wylie, of 983, High Holborn. And with this ifeoccurred to me that this was the address given in the letter I had destroyed. '' Close at hand,' cried Miss Mullens'; 'come, don't stop to read it.' And we both of us felt that here the tiail was pretty clear and distinct. ' Eh, dear,' said a little dried-up looking man, pushing back his spectacles and regard ing us through bis bright, keen little eyes, ' there's somebody come about Miles at last then. Did he send you for his letters that* s been lying here these two years ? and has be sent the balance of twoseventeenand sax that's been owing aye whiles longer?' It was difficult to make Mr. Wylie under stand that we had no mission of the kind. He cultivated a convenient kind of deafness. But when he realised that we were really friends' of Miles, and interested in finding him out, he took us into his little back shop, and listened gravely -enough. But he had no fresh information to give us. His account tallied with that of Mr. Morris. Miles had called upon him one winter day two years ago and more— had come expecting to draw his share of the profits of the pamphlet. Mr. Wylie had published other pamphlets as well as this, on a kind of with the author. And the other brochures had turned out well, and profitable to all parties, but this hist had not taken at all. The murder itself had fallen flat upon the public mind, and the pamphlet still flatter. So that after all this 'two- seventeen-six' was not a heavy bill against poor Miles, although not an en couraging reward for his pains and trouble, 'Could Mr. Wylie remember any of the circumstances of this last visit ?' Mr. Wylie pnt on bis considering cap. 'Aye, I mind there was a bit of a girl with him — his daughter, mebbe; and she seemed mighty careful of him, poor thing; and it was a cold, snowy day, and Miles was shaken by a J very bad cough. And he felt disappointed, no doubt, though he carried things always with a pretty high hand.' The little Scotchman also remembered another circumstance. There was a letter awaiting him from abroad, for Wylie 'had taken in his letters for some time before ; and this letter, which lie had opened easterly, seemed also a kind of blow to him. He put his hand to his heart and muttered. Mr. Wylie remembered the remark because it was 'a bit out of the Screepturs,'and Miles in a general way was not given to quoting texts, but be had turned quite white, and murmured, ' Even mine own familiar friend !' Chapter EEL— Evil fob Evil. 'You don't look well,' cried Miss Mullens, anxiously, and indeed I believe I turned quite white ana faint. ' It is t he heat, come into the open air,' and the young woman brought me into the outer shop and seated me on a chair. She seemed quite to take the charge of me from that moment, and I was infinitely grate* f ul for the interest she felt in my welfare. It was only a few hours since we met for the first time, but circumstances had brought us into almost intimacy. 'I think we have learnt all we want,' said Miss Mullens, turning with a sweet smile to the Scotch bookseller, 'Many thanks.' ' Wait a wee,' said the Scot, ' Here's two or three letters for Miles. I've kept them ever since.' But we had no right to take them, nor even open them. Still it was allowable to examine the postmarks. There were two letters of unmistakably dunnish aspect from London districts ; and a third in a feminine hand writing, which bore the postmark Tedworth. That last was a circumstance. If people wrote to him from Tedworth, something might be known of him there. With that we started for Charing Cross, Miss Mullens and I, so that she might take train for Fulham. It was all clear to me now, I explained to Hester Mullens. Poor Miles had been in desperate circumstances. His last hopes had failed him, and my letter — Miss Mullens had not heard about that unfortunate letter of mine, and I had to explain it all — my letter, I say, had been the crowning and finishing touch to his calamities. Probably he had committed suicide. But anyhow it was all the more incumbent upon me to find his daughter, and I must go to Tedworth at once to see what I could find out there. But I should be quite at a loss without Hester Mullens. If only she could go with me. But Hester shook her head at the suggestion. ' I have a mother at home, a perfect dragon of propriety— else .1 should not mind being private secretary to a Croesus.' ' Bring your mother,' I cried, but Hester only laughed at the notion. ' You little know my mother,' she cried, ' or you would not make such a proposal. But come and make her acquaintance when you come back, and tell me what you have done. And in the meantime I'll ask about Miles's daughter from all likely people. Only are you quite sure'— and Hester regarded me earnestly, almost solemnly — 'are you quite sure that it would be prudent in you to find her?' 'Don't you see,' continued Hester, in reply to my enquiring gesture, ' Here is a young woman probably strongly attached to her father— the little Scot noticed how she took care of him— she believed in him, no doubt ; shares, too, his nervous, say his mor bid constitution. Well, her father receives a blow— stop, I don't blame you in the least, I only put the matter as it may appear to her— he receives an insult at the hand of a friend, which finally extinguishes his feeble spark of life. Is she likely to bless the hand— mind I am speaking from her point of view alto* gether — to bless the hand that deprived her of a father and protector, even though tardily stretched out to her and full of gold ?' I was notoffended at MissMullens's freedom of speech, for I saw that she was on my side altogether. I was even grateful for the warning. But I felt as I told her that I should never be happy till' I had found the girl and expiated the injury I had done un consciously. 'Good! very good !' cried Hester, with a warm approving glance. ' Bon voyage, and mind you come and see us when you return.' And she disappeared into the underground regions, where trains continually rumble and - squeak. That visit to Tedworth was rather a disap pointment. The town— it is in Lancashire, on theborders of themahufacturingdistricts— the town had outgrown my knowledge. Factories had been set up and houses built. Nobody knew . Miles, and nobody remembered me. The little chapel where my father' once officiated had been replaced by a big Gothic edifice, and the tiny, grassy graveyard where he slept was now built up. Even the marble 'tablet that commemorated my father's faith ful ministry had been put out of the way in an obscure lobby, where I discovered it crowning a trophy of the chapel-keeper's brooms and pails. But while men and women pass away and are forgotten, there is some thing much more lasting in a little bit of property. And thus when I came to enquire about the heirs of Dr. Purton's little estate, I found no difficulty in tracing them. In fact, Dr. Purton had left all hisproperty to hiseldest daughter, Madge's sister, who had married a Mr. Tomkins, a manufacturer, but unfor tunate in business, and the pair were now living in a small semi-detached villa just out' of the town. Mrs. Tomkins received me coldly and suspiciously, and was no more cordial when I revealed the object of my visit. The last she had heard of Miles was a begging letter, written more than two years ago. which, she answered after keeping the letter, by her for a month. She had plenty of ways for her money and children of her own, without squandering her means on a worth less fellow like that. As for his daughter, her niece, Mrs. Tomkins turned purple as she mentioned her. ' Bead that, Mr. Wallace, and say if it's a proper letter for a young girl to write.' She handed over a note written in a bold,: dashing hand. 1 ' Did you write that coward letter that broke my poor father's heart? I shall find out and repay one day evil for evil — Madge.' 'Mow,' said Mrs. Tomkins, 'Idon'tdeny I wrote what came uppermost in my mind, but not a word but what was truth ; and to be flown at like that ! My husband says I ought to have put it in the hands of the police.' There was no date upon the note, no address, nothing that could give any clue to the writer's whereabouts ; but quite evidently . the note had been written under a misappre hension. Whatever the nature of Mrs. Tom kins's letter to poor Miles, it could have had no effect upon him, as, clearly enough, that letter was lying unopened in the hands of the little bookseller in Holborn. And that saga cious little Hester Mullens had gauged th« situation fairly accurately. And the face I had seen that night from the bay window at Padgett's was sot reassuring in expression, as it reappeared to me during my uneasy slumbers in the railway carriage on my way back to London, Chapter I V.— Raising the CaBTAi--. It was quite pleasant to think, as I came to -wakeful life at St. Pancras, that somebody was anxious to see me, if only to hear the result of my enquiries ; and I was not long in making my way to Fulham, the appearance of which, from the railway, in the sunshine, and the river gleaming beyond, struck me as very pleasant and homelike. Anyone, Hester had told me, would direct me to Woodbine -Cottage, but I did not meet with anybody who could; and found my way to a baker's shop at hut to ask for Mrs. Mullens. ' You mean Lady Mullens, I expect,' said the baker's wife. ' Yes, I do think they call it Woodbine Cottage, first turn to the left.' . I was a little nervous at the notion of Lady Mullens. Possibly her daughter was a fashionable young thing who had been merely amusing herself with me. But no, there was nothing fashionable in the aspect of Woodbine Cottage, a plain red brick house in a rather untidy garden, gay with nastur tiums and -common a-i-waia, but otherwise pretty much neglected. Hester Mullens was busilywriting in a little sitting-room, pleasant enough, with creepers growing over the windows, while chequered sunshine danced upon the walk. Hester's eyes brightened as she saw me, and she held out her hand cordially. 'Mother will be here directly. She has retired to arrange her cap.' And Lady Mullens presently appeared, a tall, good-tempered looking person, who had once been handsome. That she was really Lady Mullens was not long left in doubt by her reference to ' Me husband. Sir Timothee, the seventh baronet of Mollingar, county Mayo,' and she was evidently proud of her daughter. ' Ye'll have read me daughter's works, no doubt. Aye, they've been greatly admired by competent judges. If ye've ever come across the Mollingar Express ye'll have noticed some powerful critiques upon me daughter's works.' 'Ob, mother'.'? cried Hester, laughing, ' How should Mr. Wallace have ever seen the Mvllinyar Express ?' 'Indeed, me child,' said Lady Mullens, ' didn't ye tell me the gentleman came from Ameriky, and there's a power of the papers goes over there. Tom Butler told me so him self—he's the editor, Mr. Wollis, and if ye're likely to be passing by Mollingar I'd give you a note of introduction to him with pleasure. I think ye'd be pleased with Tom.' 'Well, mother,' interrupted Hester, rising as she gathered up her papers, '* I've donemy share, and I should like to take Mr. WalUce for a walk.' 'Aye, do, me dear,' said the old lady, ' ye've been working too long already, and Mr. Wollis, sure you'll come back and take a dish of tay with us?' I was only too glad of the invitation ; and Hester snatched a hat and scarf from the iiatstaad, and we sallied -forth, and then I told Hester all I had ascertained at Ted worth, which did not take long in the tailing. ' I have been more fortunate than vou,' she replied, fixing her bright eyes upon me. '* I have found the girl herself. Bat there i3 no occasion for alarm— still the matter looks serious— the girl is safe as yet, and you shall take care of her.' By this time we had come to Putney Bridge, and stood in one of the projecting angles of the primitive old structure, look ing down on the flowing river and the long frail water boats darting up and down, with, sometimes a four or an eight gliding by, the men in white and blue flannel, working to and fro on their easy sliding seats with the air of those who have a mission in life. Beyond, the quaint High-street baskedinthe sunshine, with omnibuses drawing up, and men -and girls on horseback ambling quietly along ; and over tbis scene, which was cer tainly bright and warm and cheerful, a cold shadow seemed to creep as I heard of the poor neglected girl and her perilous con dition. 'Here are you two,' continued Hester gravely, 'a screen of the flimsiest tissue divides you, and yet, unless the screen is 'raised, you may spend your lives apart. Which is it to be— knowledge or ignorance? Remember, the knowledge may be fateful.' 'By all means,' I cried, in feverish impa tience ; ' let us raise the screen.' 'But stop,' cried Hester, with a gesture as if of pain. 'Things must be put on a proper footing. You are no relation to this young girl. You are too young to assume a father's place to her— and yet you must take her away from her present perilous position and its dangerous environments. In a word, Mr. Wallace, you must marry her.:' With that she gave me an address, some* where in Soho, and we walked back almost in silence. Chapter V.— Ignis Fatuus. Well, I have seen her, and she holds me in full possession. She is a good deal like her mother, but with some of poor Miles's enthu siasm, and, shall I say it, his impracticability of temperament. In her father the poor girl devoutly believes. She cherishes his memory, and, as I gather, has devoted herself to the task of securing his posthumous fame, if post humous is the right word, which is perhaps doubtful, for strange to say Madge knows no more than we do as to her father's fate. On that wretched day, to which Madge is inces santly referring, when Miles had to endure at once the downfall of his hopes and the last blow dealt by the hand of a Mend, he had told his daughter that there was one chance more for him, and had sent her home without him. Presently, instead of her father came a note of farewell. He was tired of life, and was only a useless burden in a world that had no need of him. Madge would do better without him. Let her burn his manuscripts and sell his books and papers, and think no more of her unhappy father. From that mo ment darkness aud silence had swallowed him up. His daughter hod ventured to disobey the injunctions in his letter. She had carefully preserved everything belonging to him. The poor girl had not been entirely left to her own resources. The day after her father's disappearance became known she received £10, sent quite anonymously, and every ' menth came a certain remittance, £2 or sometimes £3. Madge was inclined to give Blackwell the credit of this. She was sure that he was making large profits from her father's works, and she believed that this payment was a kind of conscience money. It was a slender pittance but it kept body and soul together, and she had been able to devote herself to the task of arranging her father's unpublished MS. and getting it ready for publication. And then through Morris she had been able to coin a little money, copying, making indices, and so on. Yes, she owned that Morris had been making love to her, and she had encouraged him a little, because he was useful to her, and through him she hopedonedayto bring all her father's-works before thepublic. Itwasthrough Morris that Hester had found her out. ? Madge spoke rather scornfully of Hester as 'the Mullens girl,' whose stories were all millinery and sickly sentiment; but Morris could not marry unless he got fifteen hundred ?? pounds, for which sum in the way of capital '? Blackwell had promised to take him into the business. Madge has infected me with some of her enthusiasm. Not that I have much interest in her father's manuscript, but I feel as if I would do any tiling to please her, and win a grateful look from these flashing eyes. It is rather disappointing to find that Miles had never spoken to his daughter in any special way about me. But in other ways this is a good thing. She has not the slightest notion that I was the writer of that unlucky letter, the very mention of which is enough to. bring tears of anger into her eyes. In a very little while I asked Madge to marry me, and she assented, and now she is planning how I and Morris are to go into partnership for the sake of bringing out her fathers works. It is pleasant to see such filial devotion; but I have my own notions as to how I shall invest my capital still, I don't like to check the poor girl's en thusiasm. When we are married and she sees a little of the world she will probably adopt more worldly and reasonable notions. Madge is living with poor and respectable people of the artisan class, the same lodgings from which her father disappeared. I wanted her to go and live with the Mullens family till our marriage, which would come off with more eclat from the residence of Lady Mullens, but Madge would not hear of it ; she would not desert her old friends. This is very admirable, but at the same time it gives Morris an op portunity of seeing her, and I am horribly jealous of Morris. I am sure she cares for him, she speaks so bitterly of him at times. But, although I am not without misgivings for the future, they all disappear when I am with Madge. She is always admirable, even when a little untidy, and that a girl should be charming when down at heels, in an old linsey skirt, is a pretty good testimony to her qualities. But she has a temper, if you. please! I dare not go to sec the Mullens's, at Fulham, she is so jealous of them — of Hester, at least— and this troubles me a little, for I found Hester's friendship very precious to me, and miss her help and advice very much. We have been talking over our wedding, which is to be very quiet, only Madge has made up her mind to have old Blackwell and young Morris as witnesses — as a tribute to her father's memory, which the poor girl is foolish enough to fancy is enshrined in the hearts of those astute and eminentlypractical individuals. And our wedding tour is to embrace the curiously unpicturesque town of Tedworth, so that she may visit the scenes of her father's early days. Poor Miles wrote an autobiography, I understand, after the model of Goethe, and Madge is anxious to identify the various localities he mentions — we are to publish this, I find, by and bye, with costly illustrations— and all this tune Madge is quite indifferent to the fact that some of these localities were also hallowed by my youthful footsteps. But I am doubtful as to whether she has not another motive for the visit. The other day when I went to see her, after flying at me as if she were going to smother me with kisses, and then pulling my ears and darting behind the furniture — her usual way of greeting— she became suddenly calm, and taking me by the hand addressed me in per suasive accents. 'Willie, dear, do you remember the man in the 'Arabian Nights' who was made Caliph for a day, and the first thing he did was to send a purse of money for his mother?' 'A very good fellow that,' I remarked, not without a pang of regret that I had never had the chance of following his example. ' Yes, that was all very well,' said Madge, ' ' but there is better still. He ordered I don't know how many lashes for the spiteful old imaum who had told nasty tales about him. Now when I am Caliph I shan't forget my imaum.' 'Meaning ? ?' I asked, carelessly. 'My AuntTomkins,'repliedMadge,alook almost of ferocity coming across her race. 'She who drove my poor dear to the grave. I have got it all planned out. We will pay her a visit first of all just to hurl defiance at her head.' I muttered something about forgiveness, which Madge took no notice of, and, indeed, I did'nt expect her to. But the next time I came Madge was full of good humor and tenderness. 'I want to get something out of you, Willie,' she said. *' I want a cheque for fifty pounds. It isn't for myself, you stingy man,' seeing a slight air of surprise on my face, 'it's for poor papa. His last novel, you know— the one that stupid Blackwell wouldn't take. Now, I have been speaking to seme Other publishers, and they will do it ; only I am to guarantee costs. And this fifty pounds Bffake the cheque payable to 'RlftTily & Co. They haven't seen the MS. yet, but papa's name was sufficient.' No doubt, especially as they ran no risk, but this I did not explain to Madge, who was full of delight at having gained her end. And nothing would do for her but that we should go together down to Paternoster Bow, with the MS. in our hands. And Madge brought out a little black leather bag rather frayed and worn. ' Here it is,' she said, sadly, all the radiance gone out of her face ; ' just asbe brought it home— or as I brought it home, rather— I never opened it, for papa has the key.' The poor girl burst into a passion of weeping in whichlcould do nothing to comfort her. I don't know, even that X empathised with her very much. I fancy I felt a little angered that she made so much of a memory. ' We must break it open, now,' said Madge, recovering herself with an effort, and went to borrow hammer and chisel from her land lady, who was an artisan's wife. 'Do I look like Sisera?' she cried, as she wielded the hammer with her shapely arm. Indeed I could fancy her driving a nail home into the poor deluded warrior's temple. The bag flew open. 'Ah! there is a letter,' she cried, arsd next moment I saw spread out before her the unlucky letter I had written to poor Miles in his time of need. Chapter VL— Held in Bondage. There was a grand courage and indifference to consequences about Madge. I could not help admiring that, even while I was smarting under the bitter words with which she drove me from her presence. In giving me up she abandoned everything — ease and future com petence — to fall back on her precarious state of almost penury. But she did not hesitate for a moment. I had deceived her — it was my insults that had driven her father to his grave ; and I had permitted another to bear the blame. . In my perplexity I found my way to Ful ham. Ah ! she was a true friend, that Mullen's girl, with a clear, sagacious insight that made her advice invaluable. 'The poor girl will soon come round,' said Hester. ' Be patient with her and kind.' But when I got back to Padgett's Hotel I found wait ing for me in the hall a big, unwieldy bundle of irregular formation. Here were all the things that I had given Madge, or that had been purchased with money that I had furnished ; down even to the shoes she was to have been married in, and the slippers for subsequent domestic comfort. How bitter the poor girl must be against me. All that afternoon I spent in concocting a long letter for her, a letter in which tenderness should be mixed with judicious firmness. I justified myself; I gently blamed her. What happiness could be possible in the future if people gave way to such gusts of injustice and ill- temper? But my kind judicious letter never even started for its destination. I had finished it and was standing looking out of the window — in the dusk once more, with night coming on in a gusty threaten ing way — when I saw Madge herself hurrying past with an anxious but almost despairing look in her handsome face. She wore just the same frayed and threadbare ulster, the same dubious boots, and she hur ried resolutely on, taking no notice of the frequent admiring or insolent glances, or the covert salutations that her appearance seemed to sanction from the well-dressed loungers who were making their way to clubs or dinner parties. This time I did not hesitate, but hurried after her, throwing an ulster over my shoulders as I passed through the halL I kept her well in sight. The weather-beaten little black hat, with its faded toque showed conspicuously over the heads of other women. It was my duty, I felt, to follow her, for I knew not but what some desperate purpose might be in her mind. She hurried along with unfaltering step, looking neither to the right nor the left, till she came to Sloane-street, where the broad thoroughfare loses itself in sundry narrow tributary streets, and among these, in a part of the town known asBrompton, she threaded her way with perfect knowledge of her aim. Presently she came to a square, of re spectable middle- class appearance, and stopped in front of a house, where, after a moment's hesitation, she knocked. With the collar of my coat turned up, and my hat well slouched over my eyes, I walked past ; but there was no danger of her recognising me. Her thoughts were not in my direction, evi dently, but set on some fixed purpose. Presently a young man appeared at the door in evening dress, a good-looking young fellow whom I recognised at once as Morris. He looked annoyed and dis concerted by the visit, but came out and joined Madge, the two walking up and down, Madge talking eagerly, imploringly, while the young man listened with a moody, irresolute air. For my own part I stood at a corner as if waiting for somebody, and the pair were too much engrossed in their con versation to notice me. ' Henry,' I heard her say, ' if yeu desert me, if you rejectme, I will follow my father's footsteps. Henry, if you drive me to de spair, to-morrow the town shall ring with some dreadful tragedy.' The young man .tried to calm her, to quieten her, but it was useless ; she was full of fiery excitement that must have its outlet. At last he shoot her off, not roughly, but with determination, and ran back to the house, while she stood with folded arms looking after him, with wide, staring eyes and lips white and half parted, And were she stood for a while alone, trying with all her strength to master the spasms of emotion that surged through her frame. Good God, what she must have endured from that young man, and how ready to humble herself before him, to lose everything for his sake! And for me, who loved her too, and had never harmed her in word or deed, nothing but contumely and disdain. Clearly enough she loved this man and cared nothing for me. Even now, if he had wronged her, it was not upon him she sought for ven geance, but upon me. And then, with a sigh that seemed to come from the very bottom of her heart, she turned her face to* wards the city. I followed Madge, but at a more respect ful distance. I did not care to accost her in her present mood. I, too, was wrathful and indignant, and yet withal determined to save the girl in spite of herself. But, unhappily, I lost sight of her in turning a street corner, and with that missed my way also, ina strange, un familiar neighborhood— a neighborhood of new houses and streets occupying the border land between gentility and working-class life —till I lost all hope of overtaking Madge. The threatened storm came on; thundcrand lightning and a deluging downpour of rain. I ran for shelter to the first opening I saw, a sort of underground arcade lighted by a couple of gas jets, with bedding and furniture piled up on each side, leaving a narrow passage in the middle. A placard at the entrance announced that a sale by auction was going on in the auction rooms of Mr. Harper within. And endeavoring to get out of the way of men who were bundling things about without any regard- to the taes and shins of bystanders, I entered the under ground hall where the sale was going on. A black-browed, black-muzzled man sat at a raised desk at one end of the room, and beneath him a grizzled, middle-aged clerk was enter ing the results of the sale. A sprinkling of brokers occupied the floor, among whom was a woman, fat and free of tongue, who never theless—or perhaps in consequence of this happy vituperative vein— seemed treated with, a good deal of deference by the assistants generally. A few ef the general public, my self among the number, were the object of keen scrutinising glances on the part of the assembled trade. But from the moment I entered my atten tion was engrossed by the grizzled clerk. The face was familiar to me, but' for the moment I failed to get the clue to its identity. At last I bad it; that grizzled clerk was either Marmaduke Miles or his double. The sale was comingto an end. 'Ladies and gents,' said Mr. Harper, 'as you don't seem to be in a buying humor I ain't a going to waste more gaslight over you. Come. Joe, lights out ;' an announcement received with mingled laughter and oaths. As people crowded to the door I lingered behind to have a good look at the grizzled clerk. ' What do yon want, air?' cried Harper, in a bullying tone. 'I want to speak to Mr. Miles,' I replied. The grizzled clerk's pale face turned to a ghastly yellow. 'D'ye know that chap, Marmy?' asked the auctioneer, suspiciously. And then the clerk's face brightened, and even a glow of emotion came into his pale face. ' Of course I know him. It's Willie Wallace. How are ye. hid?' The grip we gave each other was reassuring. All flesh and blood here— no ghostly delusions. Harper's face relaxed. ' You can have five minutes with your friend, but look sharp.'. The five minutes was protracted to ten, and these again to fifteen, while Miles and I were still in earnest colloquy, and then Harper came to fetch his truant clerk. ' You'll have to do without me to-night, Mr. Harper,' said Miles, humbly but firmly. ' I can't leave my friend just yet.' 'You know what that means,' cried Harper, with a volley of oaths. ' Take your rags out of my house then, and look for a situation somewhere else.' 'He doesn't mean it,' said ivniog, when Harper had gone off. ' He's a kind-hearted man at bottom— my brother-in-law.' This brother-in-law, Harper, an auctioneer, had been the 'last chance' of which Miles had spoken to his daughter on the day he disappeared, and Harper had advanced him ten pounds in his necessity, which he sent to Madge, first exacting, however, that Miles should solemnly undertake never more to put pen to paper except in a clerkly way, and upon this Harper had taken him into his house and given him a weekly salary. It says a good deal for Miles that nearly all the money he received went to his daughter, and he had been unwilling, he said, to drag her down to the level of his present position, practically a slave to Harper, and subject to all his whims. I urged him to give up this employment and resume bis old occupation. But Miles steadfastly refused. He had suffered too much in the past, and he was cured of the fever that once devoured him, and could see things clearly and sanely. But he would see Madge once more and give her his bless'ng, and disabuse her of the prejudice she had taken against her father's old friend. tinder Miles's guidance we were soon back in Piccadilly, on our way to the old lodgings in Soho. But in passing Padgett's I saw the figure of a young girl pacing wearily but steadfastly up and down on the other side of the road. I pointed her out to Miles and he ran forward. - 'Madge, old girl,' he cried, and touched her shoulder. She turned quickly round and gave a scream, and fainted in his arms. After all, although fairly reconciled to Madge, and fortified by her father's good wishes, I did not care to renew our engage ment. The girl's heart was not with me, but with that young coxcomb of a Morris. And as I found that bis -coxcombery was the -worst part of him, and that he was really in lore with the girl, only with too much regard for' his own position to marry her, I made the following proposition : — That I should settle upon Madge the sum of fifteen hundred pounds to be advanced to him to purchase his share in the house of Blackwell & Co., and that he should marry her as soon as possible. And the wedding has just come off with due tclat. They were married at Fulham Church, and Lady Mullens gave the break fast, for Madge was pliant enough now that Morris was in question ; and I noticed in an. obscure corner of the gallery a certain grizzled, auctioneer's clerk, who disappeared after the ceremony was over. 'This must have been a trying day to you, Mr. Wallace,' said Hester Mullens demurely, after the bridal pair had driven off pelted by showers of rice, while I was the last re maining guest, and still reluctant to leave. ' You've hardly seemed yourself at all to day.' I owned to a certain amount of agitation, and proposed a walk in her company as a re medial measure, to which Hester agreed. And our footsteps strayed to Putney Bridge, and we came to a stand at the spot where we had before discovered poor Madge. But ifc was winter now, and the river ran down in a yellow turbid flood, with only some black empty barges floating down anyhow with the stream. ' Hester,' I said, taking her hand, which she did not withdraw, 'I've been chasing a will-o'-th'- wisp— but indeed all the time I've been faithful at heart to somebody else.' 'Is that your notion of fidelity?' said Hester. ' I'd rather have a sweetheart who'd desert me right out' 'But, Hester,' I said imploringly, 'if you'll be my wife my heart will never roam.' Hester sighed and laid her cheek against my arm. 'Ah, now, :' looking mistily into my face, 'sure didn't I want you to ask me all the time?' There was another wedding at Fulham Church not long afterwards, and the same grizzled man appeared in the same obscure corner of the gallery. This time I managed to intercept him, and urged him at all events to stay and eat with us. But he wouldn't hear of it, and went off with the weary determined aspect of the Wandering Jew. THE END. 