The Glanville Ghost. In the melting summer of 82 About the month of Jan. An invitation I received To spend a month at Glan. And did I not feel happy— To have placed withiu my reach Some jolly good old fishing—. Some boating and the beach ! I quickly got my gear together, And started by the train, And reached the Port quite safely, Without a drop of rain. In fact, the night was lovely, And afforded food for thought, So, on landing on the platform, I did resolve to walk. Into a fine Hotel I went, A refresher there I drank, From a friend inquired directions— Said he The Glanville Bank Is the nearest road for you. Go close up past the Brewery— It's one of two bousesfnew. I thanked him, and away I went, A-whistling some old tune, While round the lights danced merrily, And silvery slione the moon. At last I reached the Glanville Bank When, Oh! a stench so strong Told me that if my path was right, Then something else was wrong ! Sickly and faint I staggered on Till I reached where the creek runs under. 'Iwas there I saw the Glanville Ghost, I was struck with awe and wonder. In a filthy pool on the western side Lay anchored a putrid dog ; While out the inkv waters came A GHOST from that putrid bog. Tell me, base fiend of pestilence, Tell me, what is thy name ? He growled out " Typhoid Fever, And I am not to blame: For behold this strangled creature." Then he moved and pointed slow To the dead dog there beside him And another down below. " This," screechedlthe hideous ghost aloud, " Is what I revel in. I gaily weave the people's shrouds While they scramble after ' tin'. They take no heecl, and show no fear. But drown their dogs and cats : I, in.return, just breathe around, And poison all their brats. And residents of Glanville all I soon will put aside, If cats and dogs in plenty come, Together with low tide— They help me with their kindly aid. They strengthen me 1 say: So now bold stranger," said the gho.it " Pray shift and go thy way " Quite overcome, I sank right down Upon the hard, hard clay, Gasped oncc or twice for more fresh air. Then fainted quite away. The horrid Ghost had vanished Far from my stricken sight And on my troubled brain there came A darkness black as night . Two hardy sons of toil carried me to a neighborin« Hotel from the bank, where the Ghost hadappearaf and after half- choking me with brandy they succeeded in bringing me round again. I stood drinks for all my good friends, wished them good night, got aboard the next train, I returned to Adelaide a saddcrif nota wiser man. Never till the sanitary authorities wake up will I ever visit ttlanville ana in and my parting words to its residents are—Beware of the Ghost." Thus, we see that Salinaslias his troubles likeothers but then ho has the relief of being able to bewail them in glorious verse, which is some recompense for their endurance. Yachtsmen have their troubles. Who will not be ready to accord hearty sympathy to that lover of " the briny " who indulged in a bathe from a yacht on Saturday last—behnr towed after the yacht by a rope—and who, when the squall came on, suddenly found himself adrift, and was beached with no covering for his nakedness but the rope around his waist.! Surely bis troubles were not to be laughed at as he capered about the beach in savage grandeur wildly gesticulating his instructions to his comrades on the yacht,evenour Port detective police have their troubles to contend with. An instance occurred last week. A well-known Kemaphorian, a leading member of a certain craft (I use the term masonically, not in an aquatic sense), was about to attend a certain ceremony. Calling in at a tradesman's shop in the Port, he laid on the counter a parcel containing his regalia. Whilst he was inspecting some goods,, the tradesman, in dusting the counter, lifted the parcel a foot or two awav from the place where it had been laid. J ust then another customer came in, and requested to be shown a great variety of goods, eventually spending sixpence. Meanwhile the first customer had decidoil on his purchase, and turned rr.und for his jmrccl, when lo ! it was gone. "Tint man's taken my parcel I" he exclaimed, darting to the door. It was arranged that the tradesman sir mid run over to the Railway Station, in which direction the man seemed to have gone whilst the customer hurried off for a detective. The tradesman's search, though elaborate, proved vain, and returning, unsuccessful, to his shop he found his customer approaching with a detective, to whom he was giving as minute a description of the delinquent, as he could. Stepping into the shop he explained to the detectivc the relative position uC the parcel and parties. The detective enquired as to the nature and size of the paVcel, and was informed. "Is that it ?" he said liftifig the parcel from where it had been placed, alongside of its original position. "Yes!" eagerly ciied the owner gazing upon the detective with the air with which a clever prestodigitarian is regarded. The detective turned brusquely on his heel, as though half disposed to regard himself as the victim of a mean eunspira jy. A well-known Russian statesman and reformer o the last reign has just died suddenly in the person of Dimitri Zamiatuine, at one time Minister of Justice under the late Emperor. The deceased was chiefly known as one of those who initiated the reform of justice in Russia, and valiantly defended that great measure against, the attacks of its opponents. 