MnilNTAtW RRRHIATHRfi J-Y COi..:kHB06a!tv»F;*VMONI-S. My first intxodapOB Htp *fe Regulators was romantic, ai.^^^eah/||dime novelish. Although I Jia'd liad considerable ! 'expedience in mountain . wOrk. mv ' acquaintances were cnieny 'moonsnmers. 1 naa neaxa inucn about' tbe strength'-of the' new vigilante order, but . gave little . credence, to the marvellous stories that1 were told respecting the solidity, respectability, and discipline : of that famous mobocraby which' has ruled mountain Eiik-. tiicky for the past four years with ah iron hand ;'— -which has: committed many outrages, made many mistakes, but, 'withal, rendered the mountain counties safe to live in, and driven oiit tHe desperadoes and outlaws. The agent for my divisonj early in the month of June; 187S, sent me on a mission of importance into orie of the rich blue grass counties,— winch county, ~ ty-the~iray; toasts of more pretty womep,, fapfc horses, fat Dur hams, and fine whiskey, 'than any spot of like; size . in the world. . Reliable information had foen1 received vat tlie headqua'rtere 'oi'the Se cret Sendee in Washington City, that an ex tensive gang of counterfeiters had opened a mint not far from the famous Blue Lick Spring, and were manufacturing at whole sale, the most dangerous character of ' queer' money. The rendezvous of the gang was not definitely located, and I was detailed to 'spot' their hiding-place, Accordingly, I went out on the Kentucky Central Railroad, to the little town from which I was to make a start ; procured a jborse, and rode leisurely through the town into the open country. Jt was four o'clock iu the afternoon, as I left the hotel. Reaching the borders of the towu, I spurred my horse into a gallop and turned into the first road I came to, running in the direction of the setting sun. I had a theory — which afterwards proved a true one — that the gang were located in an isolated and heavily tim bered belt of country, running from the borders of the blue-grass lands out into the barren ridges of Robertson County. I was thoroughly posted respecting the roads, was provided with a good post-road map and a pocket compass, and had no fears of losing myself. A lowering sky indicated a possible storm. By i( o'clock a heavy cloud swept across the canopy of stars overhead, and shut out the feeble light of the young moon. There was a distant rumble of thunder, and the south western sky was illuminated by livid flashes of electric fire. A few pattering rain-drops warned me that the storm was close at hand, and I discovered that in the hurry of depar ture I had neglected to bring my gum coat and leggings. I did not fancy a wetting, and began to look about me for a place of shelter. The night had grown intensely dark, and a solid wall of black encompassed me on every hand. This gloom was occasionally pierced by a flash of lightning, enabling me to see objects close at hand. A particularly vivid flash, just as the rain began to fall in earnest, brought out, in full relief, on the right hand side of the road, the outlines of a gloomy looking stone building, the front of which was thickly covered with ivy, clinging in tangled masses from the ground to the tops of the dormer windows. I pulled up my horse and waited for another flash. It came, and I saw that the stone pile was a ruin, aud uninha bited. I had hoped for a hospitable farm mansion, a warm supper, aud a comfortable bed, but the rapidly falling rain did not admit of indecision. Dismounting, I led my horse through the gate, which I found after much groping, and guided him through an open doorway into one of the rooms of the stone ruin. Lighting a little pocket lantern, which I al ways carried, I looked about me. The room in which I found myself wag bare and without floor. I did not notice at the tune that it had been used as a stable before. The floor above was intact, and I was glad to get shelter from the ram, which was now descending in tor rents. Removing the saddle, I tethered my horse to a projecting hook in one corner of the room and started about on a tour of explora tion. There were eight rooms on tlie ground floor, all spacious and in ruins. A broad hall-way bisected the house, at the far end of which a dilapidated stairway led to the upper story. The rooms on the second floor were in a better state of preservation, and one could not help being impressed with the idea, that the mansion must at one time have been a noble pile. Two or three of the rooms con tained odd pieces of furniture, once rich and costly. In one of the best furnished rooms I determined to take up my abode for the night. Some shreds of carpet clung to the floor, the walls were hung with faded tapestry, and the glassless windows were protected by heavy oaken shutters, fantastically carved and brightly polished. A ponderous sofa, covered with decaying haircloth, occupied one corner of tlie room. I dragged it out to the fire-place, brushed away the dust, started a blaze on the hearth, and, lighting my pipe, stretched out at full length on the sofa, to wonder at my strange situation, and marvel, between the whiffs of smoke, over the cause of the ruined grandeur around me. I have neglected to say that I had had no sleep the night before, and the stillness of this old house, broken only by the patter of the rain, and soughing of the wind among the trees, acted on tired nature with soporific effect. A dozen times I sank into a doze, to be aroused by a crash of tluinder. Finally, the storm abated and the thunder died away in angry and fast receding growls. The fire burned down on the hearth, and weird shadows crept into the corners of the room. A strange hush fell upon the house, the pipe slipped from my grasp and I fell into a pro found sleep. How long I slept 1 do not know, but I awoke finally out of a troubled dream, to find the room brightly illuminated aud crowded with strange fantastic figures. Fitting climax to my dream ! I started up and stared about me witL wondering eyes. Before I could ex press my astonishment one of the figures ad dressed me, and, in sjiite of the muffled voice and feigned accent, I thought I recognised the familiar tones of ray old friend, Lance Worth ington. The figure was clad in a long, flowing robe of white, which shrouded it from head to foot. The head- piece of the mask was pierced with holes for eyes, nose, and mouth. The others were similarly disguised, and I could almost fancy myself at the secret meeting of some knightly order iu the Feudal Age. 'You need not be alarmed,' said the shrouded figure : ' You are among friends, colonel. We mean you no harm, and we do not intend that you shall do us any harm. You are surrounded by Regulators. If you are one of us, make yourself known. If not a member of the order, our High Priest will administer the oath of allegiance, and soon make you one.' 41 You need not disguise your voice, for I recognise you,' said I, recovering my self possession. ? You are Lanu- ? ' ' Stop !' interrupted a dc^en voices, and I saw the gleam of a dozen pistol barrels under the folds of the. white shrouds. ' You will consult your own safety aud know no one here,' said a tall fellow atauding at the foot of the sofa. I saw that his pistsl covered myneart, and was silent. ' You may think this an idle no. -querade, but I assure you it is the reverse,' So-l the figure which I thought Lance Worthiigton. ' We are Regulators, and have niet forbusi ness,' :. 44 Well?' I interrogated rather tauntingly. 44 We perfectly understand that you are here by accident, and have no intentioi of spying on our actions. Nevertheless, sec preservation is the first law of nature,, and', you must join our order.' r; 'Suppose I object to such forced member ship ?'y f. , ycutim*] ., iiiui ? Ipo'kei 'about- for ,niy ,gj|fjtplsJ;,Vr ...;,; ;,'.-A--:.. l-'-^C'. .:'..'??). '?:? ?=-': ,, They^ werp gone! ,. .,...,: . ^ ; 'Tlie ord& :-3^is vigorously ,}vith ~≪ who disobey its ?commands !V crjed a muffled voice .in.iny^iear. ,.,-, '-''.'?m.. ?: '-?','.;; .'.?''? ?''? ~ ' ?.-,'? ''.You do.not meaii— ?/?! I .cried,, starling W-' '.?..-??'? ?,'.. :? -}?? '?-???' i; ?':'-.'? ??''.'.]-, 44 Be ^uiet,.-»ld-feuoWj,' .interrupted the voice .which I recognised as Lance Worfhinjg 'ton's. ;,'..''.'.' '-. '.'.. .'.'„'..' 'J..,'.:'..--'. ' .-;.. .' Let me advise^pu. This, house in wbicb. you have taken shelicr is,tiui sometime ren dezvous of one of the strongest Regulator lodges in the State. ; »^e; number 250 mem bcrs, and nearly, all are present: to-night. We are all armed, aftc^ Vyour-'^istp!? %are in our ppssessionl ? This meeting is accidental, but the rules of the order are imperative; -and you must beeomd one, of ,us.' .. _? . ,.-.,. . , .'?'; Suppose. I npfuse.2 'V , I said. ? 44 Then you .must suffer the penalty of con tempt ! 'cried 'the' veiled figure at the foot of thethesofal . '. '. '....-. . 'Andthat?' 44 Death ! ' cried a chorus of voices. . . 44 Gentlemen,' said I, beginning to take a serious.view oi pie fatter, ?' I am opposed to your ordei1 and haye s.o expressed myself a hundred times. ' If you force me to take any oath I shall notconsider it binding, for I take it under protest.' ? ? . .- 44 He who is once a Regulator is always at. Regulator,' waikd. the tall figure at the foot of the sofa. 'You will never betray the secrets of the order.' 44 Well, then,' said I, rising fio my leet, 44 since lam forced to this thing~go ahead.' ' Let the High Priest administer the oath ? ' said the voice in my rear, and the tall figure at the foot of the sofa stepped forward. 44 Hold up your right hand ! ?' commanded the High Priest. I did so, and slowly repeated tbe oath which bound me to secrecy, which obligated me in a hundred, different ways, and wliich path I faithfully kept until regularly released. After the ceremony was over, several of the figures unmasked and disclosed old frinds of mine. I was not deceived as to Lance Worthingtoii's voice, and he was tlie first to congratulate me as a brother Regulator. In the course of out- conversation, he told me that the ruined liouse, in which we were assembled, was the scene of a .terrible murder years ago, and had the reputation of being haunted by the ghost of the murdered man. It had not been occupied for years, and the Regulators had taken advantage of the super stitious legends connected with the pile and transformed it into a place of rendezvous. They had no fear of interlopers here. He told me that horse and cattle stealing was so common in the county, that it was necessary to organise some sort of association for pro tection. They had accordingly allied them selves to the new ' vigilante' ? order, which had been so successful in breaking up crime, and organized themselves into a lodge of Regulators. The captain of the lodge was one of the wealthiest young stoek-raisers in Kentucky, and the members were from the best families in the State. 44 We have an important and painful duty to perform -tb-hight,' he said iu conclusion, 44 and you can accompany us or not, as you choose.' . ,-? I pleaded business, and declined. 44 1 know, what you are after, I think,' he said quickly ; ' and you will ride with us to night, and— af£er our business is over — go home with me, I will visit you.- A man in my employ has beau approached indirectly by the parties you' are after, and he knows enough of their movements to put you on then- track. He is an honest fellow, and has already taken me into his confidence, Now, ride with us to-night, and I -will ride with you to-morrow night.' To make a. long story short, I finally agreed to make my first trip as a Regulator, and was provided with a shroud similar to those worn by the other members o' the lodge. When I went down to my horse, I found him similarly disguised, aud could not help smiling at his weird and uncanny appearance. 44 You will answer to the number two hun dred and fifty three !' said the captain of the lodge, as I was mounting. ' We are known only by numbers when we are at work.' We rode iu the direction in which I had come, four abreast, and the long Hue of white robed spectres, moving along swiftly and silently, were enough to inspire tenor in the heart of the bravest man, had we chanced to meet one during our journey. I learned afterwards that, had we met any person, they would have been forced to take the oath. An hour passed in this way, and we were fast nearing the shire town of the county. I recol lected that I knew notliing of the object of this midnight ride, and asked my right hand companion for information. *4 E — fa ! ' he whispered, ' you will see. We arc nearly there.' To my dying day I will not forget the dual tragedy enacted that night 'by order of Judge Lynch ! ' A horrible murder had been committed a few months before in the county. The motive, adulterous lust. A wife and her paramour were arrested, charged with the murder of a husband and friend. They were intelligent, their social position was a high one, and wealth in abundance was at their command. In spite of popular indignation against the murderers, and strong circumstan tial evidence connecting them with the crime, it was very probable that the law -which is not always justice — through some technicality, would free .the evidently guilty pair, to enjoy undistuibed, their blood-stained lust. Tlie case was laid before the Regulators and they gave it a fair and impartial trial. Every mitigating circumstance in favour of tlie iunoceuce of the accused persons was carefully considered. When the fatal ballot was cast at the close of the inves tigation there was no merciful ' white ball' dropped into the box, and Judge Lynch had pronounced sentence of death. It is needless to prolong this article by describing that night's work. It is a matter of history, and the verdict of the world, after the first shock of horror passed, was ' Served them right!' Executions, be they legal, illegal, or semi-legal, have a painful and horrid similarity. A jail was surrounded by masked men, the jailer forced at the muzzle of a dozen pistols, to give up the keys, a man and woman, whose hands were stained witU the blood of a fellow-creature, were aroused from dreams of possible liberty ; a confession of guilt was made by both, they were told of the fate in store for them ; a few minutes' time was given them to prepare for that final arraigument before the bar of a just Ood, and in spite of the sobs and prayers for inerc3T, and cries and lamentations, were ' hanged by the neck until dead.'' It was stern and terrible punishment. ?* A life for a life! ' At tlie edge of the town ' Hie lodge dispersed, the masks and shrouds -were removed, and each man sought his libinehy the nearest and '?'? most direct road. I accompanied my friend \ Lance Worthington, aud 'we were safe in bed J before sunrise. Neither spoke of the occur- \ renceofthe night,- and both tried to forget it % in sleep, but it was many long days before I | could drive away the haunting laces of those | two wretched beings, or forget the agony of | their last frantic appeals for mercy . and life. | The next day I ?posseSsea1 riiyself of infbr- 1* niation which warranted me in serving 'out warrants : against tiiree - noted :courit«ifeitera before the nearest United States Ctjnjnu-. sioner; arid the nexlnight; with tlie asa^^. 