SEOOND .SIGHT IN-THE .HEBRIDES." When Preabytenanism wua eataDlienea 111 trip Hebrides tw,o/ centuries ago; -socorid sigh(t wbb \- already Voduc'od to n system nnd practiced oa an art. It had its code of eiannls, its symbols, nnd its" fecpghleed methods of interprotatiqii.CrThb tpiophe'tsf"o'f "tho 'second sight preten'deiWcf be born, but they were, really! made. It was not professed that the gift wbb common, or that everyone could see the signs wliioh tvero to be interpreted. But the favoured few who could see what was generally invisible road the symj- bole according to the, rcooguised rules ofyn recogr nieed craft. The prophet_ or tlie seer claimed the power of.Beeing into the dark: future, and of: fjretelling what was to come to pars. „ What hp saw the multitude' could- hot iseeljljbut, if hp deigned to roveal vvhat he, had seen, -the. com« jnon herd could forotell ae well us ,!ie, for cor, taio 'sighs always indicated certain' events.'- Foij example, if a '.woman ;was; seen standing at a nan's right hand, that was accepted as a proof lhat she would become his wife, whetlior both or either were married or unmarried at' tlie time of the apparition. three' 'women were seen standing at a, man's right hand the'nearest would be his firat wijfe/.aud t so on, .Through a larg nnd intricate aystem, the growth, of many ages,' the art of tho'Elighland seer-was not altogether based upon quackery', but'-it-1 was strengthened by the pretence of: the ;rogue. i; So long as an Ayrshire ploughman, brought up like bis class in the rude routine df'lhe furrow, can suddenly shake himself free' from -the depressing tradi tions of the Boil, and astonish after ages by his1 intense appreciation of human, needs andiiij threats by 'his1 correct reading of ' tHe bbst/aspi; rations of our nature, 'and by-his 'ox'quisito souse ' of the beauty that surrounds us, why should not n Bhrewd inhabitant of one; .of the remote Hebrides,,, amidst spenes,, that tend to throw 4 veil of mystery ' over the cloudy judgment and (lie 'uncertain penetration. of his .contemporaries astonish the untutored Yustics 'around him by 1 he force and accuracy, of his1 daring preecioucol Belief , in saupernaturaljintorference was common in the Western Isles. By assuming that he was more'uns'orupulous than those around him, . that hewakq working by mystic rules,( jwl'ich f.tbeir: owhJ'"tfaditiohs "Had ' sanctioned,' and that lip ikhew his' neighbours' ..weakness lis woll as" his own strength, we can' easily Understand lipw.the ' prophet ofhe 'second sight could make h'imself on :obj ect of regard' and a Bource' of po w,er, in hid f locality 1' To some extent the-' prophet himself occasionally shared in the common delusion j For .the iGaelic race,? "with their !' passionate lovp of life, their... intense, impressibility ) to fear and, hope, their sensitive fibre,, tlieir perturbed feel-j Sags and uncertain' beliefs, '-nurtured the very conditiona. which .point to , or genorate definite ' fulfilment'ofjagueprbpheey.', .F.or, in" all such /CMestbere/is'/a; wide _reserve:; fori mental '!C.onfu<4 "sion. 7'/As7tfie patiqn&;/,t>y brooding over bis disease,',,;, insensibly /.i gives i-.it'l lunconquerablo strength, and bo aida.in.hiB own destruction, soj .the lGaelioi'taco: helped'their fo Wnl seers! in' the. 'work of iliusion. Uln some casesj-no doubt, thoj isee'r was "an'jout-and-out" quack, hndHook' the' surest means to strengthen his reputation" by; tdivulgin'g 'lhe oraeiecfrom' the facti,lbr-;by ;vnguo predictions, which might' mean 'anything./'; ! Spm'6-j times £he oracle was "dark/ori . pose: 'Instances are' quite common "in 'iyhich-aj vague statement-, was. , converted .into. a'' direct' prophecy-. thrpughngeiiibus distortion or sug-i gestiyqsileuce,' whereas the true propkecywas' only- an afterthought.-- - i . - Whoever is' familiar with the piercing wail|of the .Highland! laments as'' they used" to" resound "through the! long, narrow glens/or/haa-witnessed the rapid; hysterics, ithat- frequently taccompany thode-: 'parture bf the 'Claneman; or- the Dunara Castle! from the Broomielaw, may uiiderataud to what' exVent ,;aorrow,.an'd pain, tears .;and -. trouble, : entered into the life :of; the., islanders, and how i gladly they would look- towards any sort of a| prophet that professedt'to'iopon up the future.: Funeral wailing was a profession iu the islands ' at; tho ;tinje' of the Union. I know nothing more plaintive" ' than " M'Criniiori's Lament" . when heard'in a lonely glen; ;bn ;a solitary isle. ; It is the essence of mystery as. well as of sorrow. I At a period when each/noble English house had! its own-jhauntedichamberi and;its:;own sombre; ghost", we'nee'd not wonder if we finii "each High- 1 land hamlet in fancifulntercourae. with its /kith .andkinafferaa'.'WellVas'bBfbre'death, .through .ita;pwn,chosenfaeerV ;" lhat'thQ underfed - Hobri- deari saw his own ghost heralding.. his approach- i .ing; death, iand that in a depressed and uncertain state of mind, the Gael picturedout for himself an unoertainifuture. ' A' people Surrounded' by i many intelligible terrors — in a changing1 phos- phbrescentBea;nnd "a- troubled/' thuridefy':sky, and frequent storms— would aeo' tho .flickering pale light.as.it moved slowly, towards .the; lonely graveyard, fir thV dark' funeral crowd around the hut of him who was fated to; die, or they would hear the, piercing/funeral wail; -or:the.ir .imagiha:- tion'.would dbrivo strange pleaaure.from ; the kor- rowful luxuries of. the/literature lof second . sight". — Uornhill. - - 