A BIT OF LOOT. [CORNHILL MAOAZINE.] Tho word loot has now become naturalised in the English language, and- needs no explanation. I went to Delhi in, tho month of November' 1857, on a-visit to a military friend who was then quartered there. It will be remembered that.wo had re-captured the rebellious city, after a siege of several months, in the month of September. As we had attacked the city from one side- only ^» most of the inhabitants had fled from it before wo took it. They had got out as we came in ; for a great fear was upon them. Wo had then expelled, almost all that remained behind on military grounds. We had to occupy tho whole city, and garrison.it with a very small force. The city had- been declared confiscated also. It was most strange to rido through the now silont streets and deserted squaces of tho great city. You seemod to bo going over a modern Pompeii. Thero did not come over you tho strange ghastly feeling of unreality that steals over you.in Pompeii. . You were not oarried into a strange now world of sight, and thought and -i feeling. You wore not- woiphcd upon by. by-gono ' ages, oppressed by Time. Time like space is a most, oppressive thought to the human. mind. And any of tho. great. monuments .of. the past, : suoh as-Pompeii, which mark off some portion of its. boundlessness carry with them some .of its weight and mystery. But it was the contrary of theso things with tho similar: silentness and desolation that weighed upon you. Here was all' tho reality of recent life :of yesterday, of to-day. But still, somehow, thero was here tho feeling of a.by- gono ago, Tho city could not .have boon. '. alivo yesterday: that was so. silent: now, ,, It seemed somehow, a thing of tho past. Tha tide of war had not' flowed through this retired street ; thero had'beon richer quarters to ransack. Everything stood here as it had been loft. Here stood the houses, with their furniture,. poor, but all the people had ; horo wore the shops with their, little stock of goods still' on tho counter. But thero was no human being in the. houses, or inthe. shops, or. in: tho street., There was no going in and. out ; no standing up and sitting down ; no sound of voices. ' Dead silence reigned : over all - If it is impressive in Pompeii to seo in * tho streets the marks of tho wheels that rolled a ? ? thousand years ago, to find tlio loaves that wor»:. ? . . baked but not eaten then, it'was also impressive ' heroitofind tho cooking-pot on the fireplace ; the ' bread in the dish ; the bod laid out to, sleep on ;, tho cart that had been left-standing at tho door. ,. j If in Pompoii it is restiirectiou, here it wob sud- - don death. -If in Pompeii you ' look- on' a ghost, .' hereiyou look. on a dead- body from ,which,.tbe: ', .warmth of lifo had hardly.fled. ? '. ,- Strangest of. i all was it to pass- throngh tho , iOhandnee Chouki tho 'Moonlight' or 'Silver' mI'i &iuare;,'tho-central market-place, and .-find 'it; ' feb, void and silent. For it had been so full of life, ' ' and sound and movement but a short time before as it is again to-day, For the Chandnee Chouk was and is tho Regent-street and Pall Mall combined of Delhi ; and 'Delhi was the great -imperial 'city' of ' tho East; ' More than ' Granada, more than Cordova, more even than Constantinople, Delhi has been the great city of the Mahometan con- 'quest. To the followers of- 'tho prophet, the fondest and proudest memories -hung/about , it. It was tho capital 'of : tha ^greatest, empire over which the crescent had shone and held sway,' It marked their proudest conquest. Here 'tho triumphs of the-faith had culminated. 'Here stood the proudest- /monuments of their art. .' * !ff«re thby.hia'erected ^katp^aee- ftrtificatianf; '.]'.', 'built lovely chambors ahd.ihalls.; iaiscdi jsh«' .':?/-.-: loftiest- and most beautiful shrinos,' ? To the Mahometan of India tho lines inscribed- on.^the walls of one of those chambers— ' If there be a heaven on earth it is here'— applied to tho whole city It was his favorite dwelling-place ; it was the seat of government ; the centre of trade and commerce and the industrial arts ; tho seat of learning and religious instruction ; of good man ners and polite speech ; the centre of pleasure. To it came the courtier, the student, tho devotee, the trader, and the man of pleasure. Even now, when there is no longer hero the court of the Great Mogul, it is tho favorite dwelling-place of tho Mahometan nobles, even o the indoo princes, of that part of India. You find Mussul man orientalism in full perfection in three cities only— in Damascus, in Cairo, and in Delhi. But a few months before the Chandnee Chouk at midday had been one of the most bright, gay, glittering, bustling, picturesque places that you could see The whole place shone and sparkled. In the dresses of the people were to bo seen all the colors of the rainbow, as bright as you see them in tho sky. Twenty different kinds of lobe and head- dress went by yon in a few ' minutes. For here came together people from all parts, not only of India, but of Asia. The Bhops ? on either side were filled with glistening goods. The two driving roads on either side of tho broad street were thronged with vehicles. Here went by the EngliBh-made barouche with its pair of torses, and the canopied ' Buth,' looking like a pagoda on wheels, drawn by a tall and lordly pair of bullocks. Here went by tho elephants with gaudy housings, whisking their trunks and looking about them with their little eyes. They looked like little mountains which had walked away with the castles on their tops. The men, and even the women, from neighboring Rajpoo tana went by on their high-bred camels. The j young dandies of the place rode about on their ! . capering, curvotting horses, with colored legs and i tail and plaited mane. The central walk, with ; . its avenue of treos and the canal down its middle, | was thronged with people on foot. The place i was full of tho voices of the people and the cries of the itinerant vendors. 'Melons, Bweet melons I' — ' Here are roses and sweet jessa mine !' — ' Cakes fresh and hot !' — ' Sngar-cane and water nut !' — ' Whey, sweot whey !' The begrars were calling 'Take thought of the poor.' — 'Remember tho needy.' — 'Feed tho hungry in Allah's name.' And everywhere was the tink ling of the little brass cuds of the water-carriers. and their musical cry of ' Water for the thirsty, water 1' For no voice is so harsh that it coulc make the word for wator other than musical and sweet sounding. ? ? ' Most strange was it, then, to ride through this street and find it quite silent, empty and deserted ; with no sound in ic but the echoes, far reaching through the void, of the horse's hoofs, For the first three or four days after the cap ture of tho city, our troops had beon allowed tho privilege of individual plunder in the city, but not in tho palace. They could hardly havo been restrained from this, in fact Being allowed this, they submitted without murmur to tho subse quent stoppage ; which, in fact, was for their own miuum^d , mi aiibucuuuifCuujuLiaetownnaci DCen declared confiscated, and the prize of tho victorious army. Then came the more systematicgathering together of tho spoil. A committee of military officers was appointed to do this, to act as prize agents. Leaving aside tho customs of war, this confiscation was not held an undue exercise of the right of conquest even by tho pcoplo them solves, for they had looked for sack and massacre, ? and the razing of the city to tho ground ; not for resistance to a foreign power, but for cruelty and treachery, and the murder of innocent women and children. Being a walled- in city, the gathering together of the valuables in it could be gone on with leisurely, for nothing was allowed in or out of the gates witout a pass or scrutiny. By the middle of November, which was the time I went thero, what with tho first putting in of the hand of the troops, and the subsequent labors of the prize agents, most of the things of any value in tho town had been carried away or gathered in the store-rooms of the agents. But to bury money and jewels and precious stones in the ground has always been a custom in the East. A hole in the earth is the favorite bank. And in so large a city, with its labyrinth of '. streets, its smaller squares inside bigger squares, , and courtyards within these, thero were many nooks and corners which had not beon searched thoroughly, some not oven visited. 80 all search, especially for hidden and buried things, had not been given up. The prize agents gave permission to others besides their own staff of men to search, on condition of the articles found being delivered up to them, they paying acertain percentage on the estimated value. Of course, if a man found a very large pearl or emerald or diamond, whether ho put it into his waistcoat pocket, or took it to the prize agents, had to bo left to his honor and conscience. But the prize agents gave tho permission only to men they thought would bring them. They had taken possession of all tho places where there was likely to be any great store of silver and gold and jewels and valable property ; such as the palace of tho king, the houses of the princes and chief noblemen and bankors. And they had reaped the more open fields bo closely that thoy thought ? they had not left very much for the gleaners. The friend with whom I was staying had peculiar facilities for tho search for hidden treasure. From tho nature of his duties and his offcial position, he could go where he liked, enter any house, dig in any Boot, without let or hin drance. I accompanied him one day on ono of his rounds. He meant to penetrate into ono of the remoter quarters of the town. As we approached it the chill silence became almost oppressive. The dead stillness was not a thing of nought, but a dreary weight, an actual presence. It hung about you, clung around you. On the populous city had come tEo loneliness and desolation of tho desert. There seemed a strange uselessness about the paved streets and tho tall houses and ware houses. In tbo dwelling places was no longer heard tho sound of the millstones, or seen the light of the candle. It was the cold still ghastly face of a corpse : eye-gato, ear- gate, mouth-gate closed. These feelings deepened as we got into the narrower streets, some only ten or twelve feet broad, with the houses rising to great heights on either side, and presenting for long distances only a blank bare surface of wall to -the Btreot. * The air was dank and chill. The eye saw from ane end of the long narrow street to the other as when you look down an empty corridor. The aoend of our footsteps mado strange echoos down it. The sound of each footfall was sharply re peated : floated away ; lived and lasted for long distances ; re-echoed in distant squares and courtyards ; mado a faint current of sound down tlio corridors by their side, and rufHod the pools of silence in the distant chambers. It was a re lief to have to make a detour through a more open street, where thero wns some movement, and the signs of the recent conflict took off one's .' thoughts from the brooding silence. There had [ - been a sharp fight in this street ; in come places the sides of the houses' were scored with lines like a sheet of music paper, showing the heavy volleys that had been fired down it. The cats glared at yon from the tops of walla like young tigers. They bad grown to a monBtroue lize. They looked to tho full as fierce and cruel and bloodthirsty as .tigers/ for they had been revelling on human flesh. In these remote parts of, the town you en oonntered to the foil as many ' well defined and avtral stinks' as have been credited to the city of \ Cologne. My friend had become quite learned in distinguishing these. 'Hum I' he said as we passed one corner, 'that is a horse.' 'Phew!' ho cried, as we. turned another, 'that is a camel.' And, sure enough after a while we came on tho carcases of the animals ho had mentioned. We once more turned into the quarter into whose 'depths we meant to penetrate. This single excursion gave me a better idea of tho plan of a native town than I should otherwise have obtained. For English people, unless taken by official duties, vory rarely go into tho nativo towns by whose sides thoy live. An Englishman may have been six or seven years at Agra or Allahabad, and never have entered tho nativo town, or have driven only once or twice down the mainstreet Security and privacy are the two main objects the nativo aims at in the location as well as the yiaU UL *A»B UUUWi *AO UVW1 UVW WUJU MID VlblUlUJT of a mass of poor houses ; he welcomes a network of narrow winding lanes and streets. Nothing is more striking than the contrast between the wide, open, defenceless English station, with its straw-roofed bungalows, and the close-built native town by its side. The conquerors hold the land in villas, and the conquered dwell in the fenced-in-cities. In early ages houses were built primarily for defence, for every man's house had then literally to bo his castle. In the East the plan of all houses above the mere hut or shed is the same— that of a square with a courtyard in the centre, access to which is obtained by a single doorway or gateway. When tho gates are closed the house is a small fort, with tho household for garrison. Then again tho quarters in which dwell the men of tho same caste,' trade or pro fession, form separate blocks in tho town, access to which is obtained through ono or two gateways only. Take, for instance, the plan of tho Mo hulla, or quarter into which wo were now making our way. Between two of tho main streets of tho town, abont a quarter of a mile apart, ran a narrow connecting street at right angles to them. On either, side of - this narrow street lay the Mohulla, with its narrow lanes and internal squares. The only way to enter the quarter was from either end of the central street, and tho in gress was guarded at those points by tho inhabi would como the separate defence of each of the better-class houses. If the owner of ono of these was a resolute man, had a large number of well armed retainers, and bad laid in f stock of food enough, he could make a stubborn and lengthy defence. The well in the courtyard would furnish the garrison with water. As we penetratod into this quarter, the chill due to the long Bhut-np houses, the absenco of fires, the want of movement, became greater ; tho suenco uoepenea, ana we seemea to nave passed away from the outer world, though surrounded by the habitations of men. It was strange to pass through the wicket of a lofty gateway, and find yourself alone in a silent courtyard surrounded by empty rooms. In one of these the beauty of tho buildings, the long arcades with their horse-shoe arches resting on slender pillars of stone, the balconies resting on brackets each one of which was a fine piece of sculpture, and tho beautifully pierced panels of stone, showed that it belonged to Bomo rich Mahometan-nobleman or Hindoo banker. ' Thero should be something here,' said my practical friend. Tho upper rooinB on that side, with their lace-like marble lattices, signs of jealous privacy, had been tho dwelling-place of the women, tho Zonana. These lower rooms had been thronged with servants. But whore was now the pleasant buatlo of domestic and social life, the coming and. going, the cheerful voices, and the light-hearted laughter? War is not a pleasant thing. ' It is hard that its evils should fall on women and children, and not be confined to the strong men. . The humble bedsteads, the earthenware cooking pots of the eorvanta, stood as they had been left. The head. stalls and heel ropes marked where the horses had stood. The water-pot stood by the side of tho woll. The solitary palm-treo in a corner of tho courtyard looked sod and lonely, and its leaves rustled with a mournful sound. To us the bareness of the rooms did not add to the feeling of desolation as it would havo to those who were not acquainted, liko ourselves, with the usual want of what we call furnishing in the houses of the natives. Bedsteads, and rough chests in which to keep clothes, often form tho only 'articles of furni ture' in the house of a well-to-do nativo, unless wo bring under that category tho clothes and' carpets, the cooking pots, and the brass vessels to eat and drink out of. ' To one fresh from England, the completo ab sence of chairs, tables, sofas, bookshelves, side boards, wardrobes and all the other articles in an English homo, would make the Indian dwelling place look very empty. I onco went to visit a lindoo Rajah who lived in a castle which his father had held against us for some time. Setting aside his wife's apartments, which he only viBitcd, ho lived in ono room. This room was carpeted, and one side of it, before some open windows, was occupied by a large wooden dais raised above the ground. This dais was also covered with a handsome carpet, and had on it many largo silk-covered pillows and bolsters. This dais was really the old man's dwelling place. This was his bedroom, dining-room, drawing-room. Here he sat or reclined during the greater part of tho day, and here he slept at night ; hero ho took his meals out of the one or two dishes that sufficed to hold them ; hore ho did his work ; here he received his friends and visitors ; here his bed was spread for him at night. The marks of wealth and position and superior comfort were in the large uncut emeralds that hung in his ears, in the fineness of the muslin that he wore ; the richness of tho shawls about him, tho silver legs that uphold the dais, its rich covering, the silken or brocaded bolsters ; in the crowd of retainers who waited without ; in all that ho ato being raised and cooked by Brahmins ; in his eating out of a silver dish and drinking out of a silver cup. The rich man in India spends hiB money on the architecture of his house, in rich carpets and bed covers, in valuable shawls, in rich dresses for his wives and children on the latter he will put solid anklets and arin ets of silver and of gold), in horses or fast trotting bullocks, and in many vehicles ; in a host of servants and armed retainer?, in great feasts on the occasion of a marriage. But to return to the courtyard we had entered. It was strange to find oneself in possession of another man's house, to be able to go whore one liked, and do what one liked in it. It was strange to find oneself breaking open another man'B strong box, and rifling it of its contents. There is a pleasurable excitement in it ; it is a now sensation. The odd thing in battle must btj to' find yourself authorised to kill anyone you can. It was strange to find oneself an authorised burglar, a permitted thief. Allowing fully the great and noble difference, yet in war time ono does go through some of tho processes of murder, burglary and thoft. The quick eye of my friend detected signs of habitation in a small Bide room in one corner of the courtyard. ' There is someone in there/' he said. A flight of steps led up to it. We went np theso cautiously. The door at tho top of them, eading into the chamber, was partially hidden by a heap of brambles, apparently pat there to impede the way. Removing these, he found the' door closed. It resisted all his efforts to open it, though it seomed fragile enough. 'There is someone behind it ' said my friend ; 'I hear his breathing.' He called loudly through the chinks, and told tho man to open the door, and that 00 harm would be done him There was no answer to his repeated calls. At last ho said — ' Opoa tho door and trust to us ; wo will not harm you ; if you do not, I will bring some sol diers, and thoy will not sparo you.' Tho door was slowly opoced, and an old man peered put at us. The wild, frightened, hungry look in his eyes startled us. His long white hair and long white beard showed that ho was a very old man. But tho hollow cheek and hollow stomach, tho protruding ribs, the wrinkled skin, were not due to old ago atone. His long lean fingers, his fleshless arms and legs, wore like those of a skeleton. Ho was a very tall man, and as ho stood on his long loan shanks, his hip bones stood sharply out, and tho bend in his body mode tho hollow in his stomach still more dread ful. Tho poor wretch shivered and trembled fromwoakness, from hunger and from fear. He looked as if he was at the lost extremity of star vation. When at length we got him to tell us his story in trembling accents,' it appeared that he had somehow been left behind when tho rest of tho household had loft tho place. Ho was a feeble man, and could not movo fast. Af torwards ' he had been afraid to venture out into the streets by himself. The people had sent all their pro perty and valuables away long beforo tho time of our assault— the old man dwelt very much on this point — and so at tho time of the assault they had been ablo to move rapidly away. Thoy had loft tho flour thoy had laid in for ordinary domes tic use behind, however, and this he had brought up into this lonely chamber, and cooked him self eomo cakes onco or twico a week, for he was afraid lest the fire should betray him. It had only just sufficed to keop him alive. Tho constant fear of discovery had been every hour of each day a torment to him, ho said. He slept but little at night. He had always beon a woll-wisher of the British Government. He was now sick unto death, and a poor feeble old man. If ho did not got somo nourishment Boon, he should die. My friend had his orderly with him, and told him to take tho old man to his quarters, and get him somo food at onco. But the old man fell at his feet and clasped his knees, and begged him not to send him with the Sikh sepoy. He was sure he would kill him on the way. Let tho merciful Sahibs come with him. There was nothing in that place to search for— nothing. But my friend told him he must go with tho orderly, and so he went off, ]weeping and trembling. We then wont over the house. Wo broko open one or two chests wo found in somo of tho rooms, but thore was nothing in them but quilts and coverlets and tho ordinary clothing of tho people. I appropriated a rather prettily embroidered skull-cap, and a pair of slippers gaily decked with tinsel. I also found, lying on tho floor of one of the rooms, a copy of tho poems of Hafiz, very handsomely bound, and of exquisite penmanship, which also I determined , to carry away. In one room was a great heap of brass and copper vessels.. Theso.it was not worth our while, of course, to take away ; and some of them, those most valuable from the metal in them — were too bulky to bo moved. ' I am rather surprised to find so little of any value here,' said my friend. ' Tho people who lived hero must have been wealthy, I suppose they removed all their valuables early in the siege, as the old man said.' A I havo said before, the plan of tho buildinas was tho usual one, that of a hollow squaro ; the courtyard in the middle being a large one. Tho lower story of tho side of the squaro in which the gateway was — the building was two-storied — had a long open corridor, used for stabling the bullocks and horses. The lower atory of the opposite side of tho square was closed in and used, liko tho atory above it, for a dwelling place ; hero being, in fact, the Zenanas. The lower stories of the other two sides of the square consisted simply of open arcades with Moorish arches resting on slender pillars. At tho end of ono of those verandahs, on a rude bedstead, lay the dead body of a Sepoy, still clothed in tho full uniform of the East India Company, in which, it may be, the man had fought many a battle for the Company, and now had fought this one against it. Ho had no doubt been wounded in tho fight in tho street not' far off, and had crept into this quiet place to die. His bayonet lay on tho floor by the side of the bedstoad. The gateway leading into tho court yard was not in tho middle of that si Jo of the square, but very near the end of one of tho adjoining Bides. It was, thereforo, very near the end of one of theso opon arcades, tho one in which tho dead Sepoy lay. The sight of tho dead man had kept us in this verandah for some time. To my friend it was a more familiar and accustomed sight than it was to me, and it did not rivet hiB attention as it did mine. He hud beon looking about him with his keen eyes, while I had my gaze fixed on the man who had Iain down on the icdstcad for a longer and deeper sleep than he had ever experienced in one before. 'Excuse mo for a minute,' said my friend, as ip crossed ovor to tho opposite arcade, and I saw him pacing down it with measured stop. When ho came back ho did the same with the ono in which I stood. 'Theso two verandahs should bo tho same length,' ho said to me. Yes,' I said, ' they occupy tho two sides of a square. Even in a parallelogram the opposite Bides are equal.' 'Precisely so ; but by tho measurement I have ust mado, this verandah is fifteen feet Bborter than the other ono. Just wait hero a second,'— and ho walked to tho gateway aud thon through it into the street, when ho came back, ho walked up to the end of the arcade next the' gateway and examined it closely. 'This end had. been walled up,' he said, ' come and look at tho space thero is between his inside wall and the wall outside in the street They would never have a solid wall of that thick ness. Thore would be no object in it here. I am sure that there was an arch like those along theoutsido of tho verandah across this end of it, and that it has beon bricked up, and the join ing of tho wall and arch carefully concealed. It would bo at tho level of the other ones. If you will givo mo a back, I will soon find out.' I leaned against the wall as wo used to do when we plajed, ' Buck 1 buck I how many fingers do I hold up,' at school, and my friend mounted up and began to scrape away the plaster with bis pocket-knife. 'Just as I thought,' ho oxclaimod, as ho slipped down again. ' Thoro is no doubt about it. Do you mind doing a bit of digging ?' '-£.°s' * Baid' ' bat wnat are »» to dig with!' ' This m provoking !' ho cried, ' tho orderly las taken away the pick-axe with him. If we leave this place for an hour, somo one else may discover it ; and now that I have scraped the plaster away, tho bricking up is easily Beon. And if anyone else beginB tbo digging, we cannot interrupt them in it It would be thoir claim as they call it in the gold fields.' 'There iB the sepoy's bayonet,' I said* 'we could dig a hole in a wall with that.' .%' Of course wo could,' and he got it and we set to work. At first the work was slow and diffi cult Wo could do no more than piok out the mortar, which luckily had scarcely set, from the joints betweon tho. bricks. But at last we managed to get out a brick. The work became more rapid then. At last tho bayonet gave a sudden slip, showing that it had piorcod through the wall. And now tho hollow sounds of the mortar and brickbats falling on the other side of the wall. showed that there was a chamber behind it There must be 'something worth hiding there, and now we went to work' with coat* off. At the end of an hour's work we had made a good-sized hole. ' Will you go in and seo what thoro is,' said my friend, I being slight and slender and he a portly man. I did bo ; and crawlod out again, sick and dizzy from -the foul air within. 'Wo must make tho hole bigger,' said my friend 'and yon had hotter go out into the open air, fora few minutes.' When tho holo or opening had been made as largo as a small casement window, wo waited for Bomo time longer to let tho foul air como out and the fresh air enter, and then wo wont in to gether.' There wore two or threo roughly-made chests, or rather cases, for thoy were evidently mado simply to hold their contents, and not se cure them. We Boon had tho covers off these, and found them full of handsome Bhawls, and scarves, and pieces of silk, and kincob. There were beautiful suits of women's clothes— tho full trou sers, and the little bodice, and tho long. flowing sheet to throw over the head — of very fine silk, thickly embroidered with gold and silver. Tho collection of articles was a very miscellaneous ono, for in one chest were several very handsome richly embroidered sword-belU and horse trap pings. While wo wero hard at work wo heard a chuckle at the opening in tho wall, and looking up saw the glitter of a pair of eyes and tho gleam of a long row of teeth. My friend immediately jumped out, with tho bayonotin his hand. Tho iuloqker was probably ono of our own followers ; b3t in times like those you could not very much trust anyone, and the sight of plunder might load to our being disposed of, if takon at disadvantage, in such a lonely place. Tho man turned out to be ono of our Sikh soldiers ; good fighters, but keen plunderers. Love of military employment, a desire to pay off old scores against the sepoys who hod helped to break thoir power and con quer their country, had beon the chief reasons that had led to their flocking to our standard at that time : but the hope of loot had been an equally strong one. They had looked forward to the plunder of Delhi, and had not . been disap pointed in their expectations. It was they, of all the soldiery, who hod made tho best use of tho first few days of permitted plundor. This man was a very fine specimen of tho raco ; tall, lean, lithe, keon-eyed, with a hooked nose and a peaked beard. His eyos glistened as ho looked at the hole, and his lips kept parted with a smile or grin. Hero was a scene ho loved ; here was con genial work. ' Wo must get rid of this fellow,' said my friend ; 'givo me out that shawl and that sword belt' I handed theso ont to him, and ho gave them to tho Sikh. The man's face beamed as he took tho sword-belt : it was very handsome, and no doubt valuablo too, from the amount of bullion on it: it was just what ho wanted. Ho made a salute and walked away. 'I was very anxious to get rid of theman,' said my companion, as he entered the chamber again, ' because I do not think, as ho did I could Bee, that these shawls and things are all that are in here. I am sure that they- must have had some valuablo things in this house, from the look of it. ' So ho took one tho silver-colored maces, of which thero woro several in ono corner, and be gan to sound the floor carefully and systemati cally. In ono corner- it sounded hollow. He Btoopod down and scraped away the mud, and lo I thero presented itself to us a largo circular stone, witb an iron ring at the top. To mo— a young lad then — the breaking into the chamber bad been exciting enough, a great adventure. Now my excitement roso to fever point. Hero was probably tho entrance to long underground galleries, such as those which Aladdin got into in the Arabian Nights, in which stood the trees on whose branches hung rubies and emeralds, and pearls and diamonds, and great sapphires. Visions roso bo/ore me of a house of my own, in England ; perhaps a deer-park ; horses and hun ters, and a moor in Scotland. But when wo got tho stone up, after some exertion of strength and trouble, it showed no winding staircase leading down to an underground treasure house. Thero was nothing but a small circular pit, about three foot deep, lined and paved with masonry. But in this wero sovoral wooden boxes, and small copper boxes with pierced aides and top, in which was a large quantity of jowol lery, rollodupinlittlepieccs of cloth, orput away in cotton. Hero wero thick bangles of solid gold and solid silver ; hero wero rings for tho fingers and rings for tho toes ; ear- rings and noso-rings ; gold and silver chains for the neck ; silver chains -to wear round the waist ; necklaces of many kinds, some to wear closo round the neck and somo that hung far down on the breast. But alas I evenhere was disappointment. Very few of tho precious stones that had ornamented the jewellery bad beon left behind. Thoy had been picked out and carried away ! Here wore heaps of rings tied together in bundles with silk thread, but all the most valu ablo stones had been removed from them. It was sad to see the great holes in the solid gold hoops, and think that they had bold big emeralds and diamonds which might havo been ours. However, wo poured all tho jowcllory into a small silk scarf, and made a bundle of it. We also mado a bundle of the best shawls and other arti cles, and then we departed with our loot. ' ' We will take theso to tho prize agents at onco,' said my friend ; ' we will then come back with some of their men and take away all the other things.' . ? Just as wo were passing out under the gate way my friend exclaimed suddenly— 'I seo it all ! the cunning old fox ! He was not forgotten at all. Ho was left behind on purpose to guard tho treasure. Thoy knew that it was not likely that anyone would hurt so old and feeble a man ; that hiding himself was all humbug. How well he acted— the cunning old fox ! Did you hear what happened in another place like this? I went into it too. There was a grave in the middle of tho courtyard, covered with a velvet pall and flowers, and with lights burning at the head — after the usual Ma homotanfashion,youknow. Ayoung woman sat by the Bide of tho grave, weeping and wailing. She was the dead man's wife. We might ransack the house, and take all that was in it, but she begged that Bho might be left to watch by tbo grave of her beloved husband until' permission could be got to remove his body to the graveyard without the walls. He had died suddenly during tho days of the assault, and they had beon afraid to carry out tho body then, and had laid it in this grave in the courtyard. And the poor young thing wept piteously under her veiL We could not seo her face, of coarse, but from the figure and tho voice we knew that she must be a very young girl. She begged to be left there with tho venerable old man, an aged retainer, a very counterpart of this old scoundrel, who had remained behind with her. And she cried as if her heart would break. Of course wo said that she might remain ; and in fact, being interested in hor, said that we would got tho permission of the commanding officer for the relations to come and remove tho body as soon as they could. They seemed very anxious to do this, for they camo the very next day and carried away the bolovod one's dust Then It came out that no ono hod died ox been buried there at all. The wholo thing was a ruse. And there at our feet, In the holo by the side of which the poor widow lay wcepmg, had beon lying hidden a mass of precious stones and valuablo jeweb worth thousands of pounds.' Wo got the whole of our discovered treasure down to the offices of tho prize agente. Though we hod not mode as great a haul as wo at one moment expected, yot it wa* not a bad morning's work ; it was not a bad bit of loot This story really is a true one, K far as any thing that ia related can be true. B.B.F. 