the THE r^ikln la thai! m ihe rtreDgth of «v«y chain to that! «f its metteei «"■» Impartial posterity it generally" not Unwil ling to pardon the shortcomings ot Uckoow (edged merit, and to judge of .a life at its ■u ''no tuetioe, that is, as a whole. leogf - close with trae Justice, tnat u, ub » WrtVKc Conventions recede; the man lives. For, as veil says Carijle, " The man islhe spirit he worked in. Not what he did, hot1 what he became." If the main business of life be (ac cording to Goethe) to improve and to raise \--»»«■ we can rise on stepping-stones ot i„„a we can rise wu bwwu« «—*» -- '"lad eelves? and make Our . very errors •"* oe»u . j ji_ u> ai th« mine our aeau <>-—, — profitable, as the deadly gM of the (go become the symbol of safety when its liame plays lamhently around the fine reticulations of the lamp that perpetuates tie name of Sir Humphrey Davy. But the study of our weak links, andmoet specially 0f the weakest, is important to our hopes o •-t i Miliev. Amah' . jL a life of practical utility. Amah' Se lifenw *» a Mri?' °1 J^Xod to the grave, yet perhaps (if Carlyle S^hri he may leave behind him a vague SSStfJSSUi««•<«■* ButA.. Ii«fnl must cover some extent of *n bA useful in net success, which is often secured by . means success, "".v.- — — - t , . which genius is too prone to overlook. The truth of our motto is apparent to all who dwell on the import of the word " link." To what purpose it the strength of links P sad R subservient, if link Q, the intervening cue, be weak and give way ? The entire cbain falls disrupted. There seems a lurking tendency in undis ciplined minds to regard the strength of men,' oi nations, institutions, &&, as concentrated "J: "■'■•■W" Mt u in some pidladium or talisman^ nojt aajdit fused and distributed over all its parte, com Mineut and co-operant. Ttoue, we think of [be brain as the organ of thought, aud of the skull as its dome, and thepalace of the; soul of the lips as the seat of sensibility and, refinement, and of the "heart" aa the garden ol aflection and gratitude. But, to what nurpose are " the temples high of man's ear and eye roof'd over sculpture and poetry,"! if the brain be not nourished with pure : blood, owiDg to a neglected etomach and' aluggiBh liver ? And the truest love cannot bear trifling, if the dinner be not pnnctnally served. Who can write when toothache rages, or perorate with an inflamed sore throat ?: Ray, tight boote, which silly vanity endures with such martyr-like fortitude, agonising the whole nervouB system, even impairing the ejeBigbt, can Buspend in prostration the energies of an athlete, and change the mellow cbeerful tones of friendship and love into harsh and abrupt objurgation, 1 therefore read lately with approval and sympathy the report of a recent lecture on the symbols of character and inner life. The able lecturer was once a phrenologist, but abandoned the Btudy, not from disbelief (if I read him aright), but from a perception that phrenology does not cover the entire ground, on the principles afore-mentioned. If the barque be stranded, what boote it that she is well-timbered and manned! Thestream must float her onwards. Accordingly, our lecturer's motto is "Tbe whole man: the whole mind." The lineaments, the handwriting the step, toe voice, Ac., all are explorers and reporters. 1 know, in the dark, the step of every acquaint ance. Minor as are these last, some one or more of them may serve to account for the discrepancy between a man's endowments and his scant share of happiness or of suc cess. A man may have a first-class intellect, and a benevolent heart, but an unendurable temper, We esteem, love, and would fobs serve him, but to live in the same house with him is simply impossible. What true 6b Paul s thorn in Hie flesh ?" I answer, an ungovernable temper, arising from two causae -(1) The hysterical temperament incidental to all men of genius ; and (2) a i to all men of genius ; arid (2) a nock slightly awry, or perhaps an imperoeptible spinal curvature. Snch persons can often perform feats of wonder, But after success require much nursing. Alexander the Great, Pompey, Richard 11L, Luxembourg, and tome modems 1 hare met were of this temperament Byron was; his club feet were nevtiabeent from consciousness. Edmuud Keaa infused the hysterical temperament , into every part be played-indeed, he was nothing without it, for : he could not play Coriolanns or Virginias, i and though wondrous in Othello, oould not, ulsgo, approach within any distance of Young, whom he naked to surrender the noble Moor to him in perpetuity. Young panted the request, humorously telling hie friends," My lego is better than the other i and nobler part either is. in his hands, or 1 could ever become in mine." To know our weakness is to know our strength.. Paul was accompanied and carefully tended by Luke, the beloved physician, daring ell hie ftveli, and 1 doubt not was not suffered to peach after a journey till after due test, i food, and some soothing draught of simples Ma nwi-M-i— ——'• » thbt SHPWi Augustus Gsestr; toUtof thsItni sotteSsSal nuisance and a laughing-stockywithout- a;-, celeratiog the advent oi hitt much-prized hobby. Nature, inexorable and exacting, knows do statute o! limitations, no recommdndktiobs to toercy on account of previous good cha racter or known .merits, no fipare fond or reeerte of stored balance of capital for super erogatory emergencies. We read, " Whoso shall kew tiia Lawi dnd jet offend in one part, he shallbfe guilty of all," And Hamlet telle Ub—alluding to the intemperance of hie countrymen and of hie uncle " Oft it cbanoes in parttcnUr men lh»t for some vicioug mole o( nature In them, Ai in tbeir birth—wherein they art not guilty, By the o'ergrowth oleoing complexion 0» breaking down the palea and forts ot mion, Or by gome habit that too much o'er-laavena The form of plaoeive manners—that theae men, Carrying, I eay, the (tamp of one delect, Their virtues else, be they ae pure he grace, Aa Infinite M man maj Undergo, Shall, in the general censure, take corruption From that particular fault. The dram.ot evil Both all the nobler aubKauee olt debate To hie own eoandaL" ' Thie concluding doctrine is not exhilarating, that all the nobler parte of the (character should be Impotent to make head against the " dram of evu or of base." . Yet, we must sub mit, out weak wills and our startled pride cannot cesist Sh&kapeare;, philosophy, ex perience, and Scripture in harmonious com bipation. we have dimly shadowed forth two varieties of monomania;.the first &n; opinion not in itself either absurd or pernicious, but in vested with ao undue importance, and an irrational predominance. This makes a man a bore*. Persons of common sense, though! liking their business, do not talk "shop" at the social hour. The second to the adoption r| of an opinion or a theory after taking what to thought to be fair conclusive evidence, which theory to so at variance with the conventions, habits, and beliefs of our ordinary associates a s to induce wonder that we, so clear-beaded in other matters, should be enthralled by thto novelty. At the remedy for the inconvenience arising from this comtretemps I have previously: glanced. We should adapt our conversation to our company. The theory in question will receive fait play from a fit audience educated. up to our proofs. Cast not pearls before the unclean. Vulgar and ignorant minds are prone to resent the implied superiority of an intellect that can handle profound and pre dominant subjects with ease, fluency, and enthusiasm. They resent this by significant ailueionB to " monomania" and " the weak link." Hen are seldom grateful for being elevated or inetrncted; few schoolmasters or preachers are liked or admired, and those few exceptionals pay dearly for their prize. Beware, O Telemachug, of giving archangel's food to cockroaches. I now always talk to my casual acquaintances of tripe and onions, of toasted cheese and pale ale. of the seeds mod cake of the sunflower, and-of the advan tages of simmered gram for old draught bones, Ac. It was not so always.. But I am note slowly acquiring the reputation of a man of common sense. "No nonsense about him. sir." ("Ah! si tic Consult Planco !") There is, perhaps, a third variety. When a man, otherwise both discerning, studious, and methodical, conceives an idea on ground so purely, subjective as to admit of no veri fication—a visit from the " spirit" of a man whom the patient had never seen in the fleeb ; a communication wholly at variance with ordinary experience; a perception un shared by any other person; a dream eo vivid as to overawe by its recurrence—these, and such like, may happen to strong, aound minds, may even privately influence their bopee or even cpndnct, but surely by a man of tenee will be scrupulously and sacredly kept within the barrier of the lips and teeth, and never oommnnicated even to "the tendeveat heart and nearest their own." Such are, by their very nature, special, private, not meant for general circulation. Granting that they are rare ami costly medals, they are not, . and never can become, xhb cdebest coin of TBS BBAUt." If a man be ao weak as to reveal to an ordinary mortal that that the spirit of a dead Scotch Presbyterian minister revisited the planet to iaach him pharmacy, and departed : afford am him no farther information, can he ; wondesu plain people think such fancy de ! pendent on e vent weak link? If I know \- myself, I should never divulge the most over powering ghost story (though I have never been tried). Thus, I afaonld eay with Junius—"I :am the sole depository of my own secret, i and it shall perish with me." Conscience, when atimnlated by vanity ; and supported by interest is apt to [become no torn docile than sensitive. I i already anticipate the satirical smile o i my patient reader. "The weak link of the ! essayist"—be inspects-"to the pleonastic j accumulation of superfluous illustrations of I truths long since apparent. So the Cockney dtofihugee bto second barrel into game already dead." Let, then, my more eobe iquUties restrain and bridle the week link of 1 prolixity, end let me abow my strength ae i well ditcrefaon by -HAVING OFF. 