©JjurcJ Hefo# t English and Foreign- a archbishop. The Archbishop of Canterbury has been ordered by bis Baedieal advisers to take afevv weeks' rest ; be left Lambeth on Monday for the South of France interesting service is" canterbury cathedral. On Tuesday March 14th a special service was held in the chapel of Lambeth Palace for the purpose of formally admitting seven lay- readers of the diocese of Canterbury to their office. The Archbishop, attended by his chaplains, the Eev. E. T. Davidson and the Eev. G. H. Ellison, and ac companied by the incumbents of the parishes to which the lay-readers were licensed, entered the chapel at 2.30, and the hymn was sung, ' Our blest Eedeemer after which his G-race, seated in his chair in the sacrarium, delivered an address, in the course of which he spoke as follows : ' Consider to whom it is that this appeal is made. Once it used to be thought that the clerical profession had a mono poly of spiritual instruction, and that none but an ordained man had a right to point out to his neighbours the way of life. "We have outlived this prejudice, along with a great many others. "We bare learned to go back in this, as in other matters, to primitive times. Our Lord spoke not only to His Apostles, but to others, and urged them to com municate to their fellow-men the blessing which they themselves had received to their own souls. Therefore we see that the work of evangelisation is not confined to ordained ministers of the Gospel, That man will make a very bad deacon, or a very bad priest, who takes merely a mechanical view of his office. " Do you trust that you are inwardly moved by the Holy Ghost to take upon you this office and ministration, to serve God for the promoting of His glory and the edifying of His people ?" This is the first question which the Bishop asks the candidate for holy orders, and that question bears witness that it is the Spiritual call, the Voice of God Himself speaking to the soul, which is necessary for making the office effectual. Even so it is with those who desire to help in the Ministry as laymen. I trust you, my brethren, have well considered the spiritual na ture of the work you are about to undertake. I feel that a great privilege has been granted to me in com mitting to you this work, and I am sure that you also feel the privilege of receiving it. May you find w hen lifejs over what a great blessing it has been to you'to Have given yourselves thts day specifically- to tbe work of Christ.' After the 26th Psalm had been sung, tbe lay-readers were presented one by one by tbe vicars of the respective parishes. Prayer was then said, after which the Archbishop delivered into the hands of each one, kneeling before bim, the New Testament, sajingthe following words : — ' Take thou authority to execute tbe office of a reader in the diocese of Canterbury so long as thou sbalt be licensed thereunto by tbe Archbishop himself. The Lord bless thee and keep thee, the Lord make His face to shine upon thee and be gracious unto thee, the Lord lift up the light of His countenance upon thee and give thee peace now and for evermore.' The con cluding prayers were then said, and the hymn for lay- helpers, from j Hymns A. Sf M., was sung before the Benediction, church of england temperance society. The Church of England Temperance (Society in vited the observance of Wed. April 5th, as a Day of Humiliation on account of the National Sin of Intemperance, and its immediate results ; and of In tercessory Prayer to Almighty God, for His blessing upon tbe whole work of the Temperance Eeforma- tion. The Bishops of Eipon, Truro and Liverpool, formally gave their assent to the proposal. tiie new diocese of newcastle. At a meeting held in Newcastle on Monday, un der tbe presidency of tbe Bishop of Durham, a Com mittee of ladies, beaded by Lady Eidley, Lady James, Lady Armstrong, and Lady Trevelyan, was appoint ed with the object of raising funds for furnishing Bewell Tower as an offering in perpetuity to tbe New See of Newcastle, and in completion of tbe mu nificent gift of Mr. J. W. Pease the Quaker Donor. Subscriptions to the amount of £250 were announc ed, and it was intimated that Mr. and Mrs. Pease had determined to hand over the fittings, represent ing about £250 to tbe fund. a hospital nuhse. A correspondent of the Times gives an account of tbe death of a nursing sister which will forci bly recall an episode in the Life of Sister Dora : — 'Miss Lumbley (Sister Clara), a daughter of Major Lumbley, late of Northampton, died on Sunday morning, after a short illness, from baemorrhagic small-pox contracted in the discbarge of her duties as a hospital nurse. Sister Clara had had charge of tbe male accident ward at Guy's Hospital for up wards of two years, and had, by her zeal, intelligence, and indefatigable industry, combined with her kind ness to the patients, gained tbe confidence and es teem of the surgeons and of every one whose good opin- ion was worth haying. She'.was trained originally at the' Leicester Infirmary, where she did much hard work with great zeal and success. The circumstan ces of her death, which are unusually distressing, were as follows A man was brought into the accident ward of Guy's Hospital on tne 26th ult., who was said to have fallen from an omnibus, with an exten sive wound on tbe back of his bead and with symp toms of concussion. On tbe following day be was noticed to have an eruption something like small-pox, but be said be bad bad a similar one some weeks be fore, and so no special notice was taken of it. On the evening of tbe following day it became evident tbe man was suffering from the worst form of baemor rhagic small-pox, and he wasremovedto the small-pox hospital, where be died in a few hours afterwards. When it was surmised that tbe deceased might be suffering -from severe small-pox, Sister Clara refused to allow' the ordinary ward nurse to attend tbe case, but did everything necessary for bim herself. On tbe 11th inst. she was attacked with the febrile symp toms. She bad never bad a day's illness before in her life. Tbe eruption was slow to appear, but it was evi dent from tbe commencement that her case would be serious, her throat became specially affected, delirium and restlessness set in, and she succumbed after eight days' illness. Animated by a high sense of duty and ab sorbed by bard work, she had at times appeared to strangers somewhat brusque in her manners to her patients, however, she was kindness itself, and ber assiduous attention to their interests were invariably regarded by their affection for herself. TJnfortu- natelyrlikenaiany other devoted women, Sister Clarabad at times so submit to obloquy aud persecution j but, with tbe support of ber medical officers and those in authority, she was enabled to surmouut these tempor ary difficulties and to secure the respect of all who had the good fortune to be acquainted with her ca reer aud work.' germany.. On a recent day tbe eighty-fifth birthday of the German Emperor was celebrated with great rejoic ings, Ibut tbe popular enthusiasm was somewhat check ed by tbe bad weather. Telegrams of congratu lation were received from all the Sovereigns of Europe. At the conclusion of bis speech bis Maj esty observed : ' If God should grant that my life be prolonged, I desire, nevertheless, not to outlive myself. Long life is only desirable when it is com bined with health and vigour. It is with trust in the Almighty that I enter upon another year.' jnTEDSTXTirS7 atheism and crime. A careful survey of tbe murders, suicides, aud other great felonies committed in the chief cities of tbe United States during tbe last ten years, shows that a large proportion of the perpetrators were Atheists. A collection of letters and other papers left by criminals, anticipating death discloses a fear ful number of instances of absolute disbelief in the existence of a Deity, or in a penalty hereafter for sin. Professor Bruce of Glasgow has been defending tbe Scottish Establishment in an American news paper. ' A new generation,' be says, ' has sprung up in the Eree Church of men who had no share in the glory and have no part in tbe passions of the disruption ; who have no animosity against the State Church ; who judge of Churches not so much by ab stract principles as by results : who are not indisposed to see in the actual condition of the Established Church, in its many able preachers, its more tolerant tone in matters of opinion, its aesthetically im proved Church service, &c;,, features of attraction which they miss in their own Church.' polygamy. It seems strange to read in this year of grace of the passing by a nominally Christian Legislature of an act to prohibit polygamy, but a measure to this effect has just been adopted by the House of Ee- presentatives in the United States by 199 to 42. The Bill provides that hereafter it shall be sufficient to prove the existence of bigamous relations. Hither to convictions have been impossible because of the secrecy of the Mormon marriage-rites. Polyga- mists will be forbiddeu to vote or hold office either in the Federal States or in the territory of Utah. The control of election is given to a Commission to he appointed by the President. This is a vital step, and ensures the election of a non-Mormon Legisla ture for Utah, and it ought to give a death-blow to Mormonism as a civil organization. anglican church in the states Since 1835, in which the population of the United States has increased threefold, the clergy of our sis ter Church have increased fivefold, communicants ninefold, contributions for all purposes forty eight fold, for missions thirtyfold. the jews. The Church Society for Promoting Christianity among the Jews has appointed six new missionaries during the year, thus including in its work most of the larger cities. The vast majority of the Jews in the States have no synagogue, and the drifting from old rabbinic belief has gone sorffir that the Society meets less difficulty from- Jewish "prejudices than from Eationalism. .There have been seyefial bap tisms from the mission- school in New York. Nine ty Jewish children throughout the republic have re ceived Christian teaching in day-schools and more' than 150 -in Sunday Schools during the year. The? number of inquirers -has greatly increased. The number of baptisms since the Society began work amounts to about 100; No temporal aid is given to converts. a church for deaf mutes. St Anne's Church, New York, for deaf-mutes, has 561 communicants. Of the 300 families con nected with the parish, 30, including 300 individuals, are deaf-mutes. The parish, which has beeu founded twenty -nine years, grew out of a Bible-class. At a recent conference held in the church, three clergy men, all deafmutes, made addresses in the sign language, which were interpreted by the rector, Dr. Gallaudet. Professor Hopkins, (u. s.) advocatingin the Pres byterian Review some Liturgical worship for Presbyter ians, Bays that their ministers use the Anglican burial and marriage services, and that there is a continual exodus of cultivated people from the Presbyterian to the Episcopal Communion. He affirms that ' there. more of Christ in the Te Deum and the Litany than is commonly found in tw.o entire Presbyterian ser vices.' 