GKQ3T STONES; [quiie.v.J ' All- argument is against it ; all- tradition in favor of it,' waa Johnson's reply ? whoh asked. if he believed in the possibility of the reappearance of spirits. A belief ia 'ghoBts U certainly by no means extinct, even in this practical ago. A'.short time ago the newspapers gave' oh iwicount of an alleged spiritual iippbararico' in- a'Slrrbpshiro village, a man stnting -that-he-lina-B'een theghbatf-of a'coltain ?Sftvaiv-DucUott, who mysteriously-. disappeared ?some five; and a hnlflyBfire ago ;-and.hiii.m-igh- 'bore. attached suffioient. importance to his tale to seai-ch a pit' (where the .ghoat wttr sni'd to hove' appeared) in expecta tion: of :fmding tlib woman's remains tllfciU 'It' hUn often beoii remarked that; whilst almost! eVery company is sure to ooiitaing per son who hnows a person who uaw a ghoBt.rthe actual iiiterviower of 'the spirit is rarely met' with. Another remarkable thing' is that tbo ghost seer ib gunfcrally described- mrbeibgpro; vil-iHily;ft'-i«*ptid on thb subject of . apparltionsi i\V-J can hardly rodalr- a single ghoat stoiy in which tho sj.irit's interyiower is not. said' to have been an ' unimaginativo person, or a man who totally disbelieved in the oscisEence of ghosts.' Liko many other 'tilings;- these' mysterious'- manifestations . njipaar' to W unofjually divided: GhoB&v;'ait'personBwho'du lfot even' pay thorn the compliment of believing -that they exist, And aro sometimes eaf to the calls ' of n .' professed 'spirit ind dluin.' . Every' nntianaf Hy has its peculiar1 bud got of ghostly folk-lore ; and it ia often easy- on hearing a tnle of this description, to fix its locale. German spirit literature is of a pecu liarly weird kind.' A certain poetry hangs nround most of the Scotch' legonds. French and Irish traditions are loss awe-inspiring than tho folk-!oro of Finland, Es£houia, and other northern nations,- which sceins born of dark nights in the gloom of boundless pine forests, and lonely days amrd Vast tracks of snow. Thero is somo snmenesa in English ghost stories ; a ' tall whito figure ' being generally monotonously repeated in all of them ; if this White 'figxnra is headless, it ia about as much Variety ns «an beexpootod. As a rule, our national spirit literaturb falls decidedly short of the Gorman tales in point of horror ; for no doubt a good ghost story should bo of tho kind described in . the Spectator, a tale that makes its hearer ' afraid to go to bed alone for a twelvemonth.' There are a few nice comfortable legends attached to old houses even in England that strive to realise this ideal ; but even the best pale bofore some of the German stories. The idea of eating an apple beforo a mirror, and seeing, a faco looking over one's shoulder, is not altogether a bad one, and might properly affect nervous people when brushing their hair lato at night. Also the tradition that if any one speaks during the mnnufnotui'o of nn All Hallows-Eve cake, the rash speaker will be answered ; but even theso gems of English folk-lore cannot vie with many a German, Russian, or Norwegian tale. A good ghost story should contain a certain amount of mys tery, but yet have somo ruison il'Mre. Two of the most original English apparition stories we over hoard aro spoilt by having no reason given for their existence. There ia nn old house in Somersetshire said to be haunted by the ghost of a headless whito horso ; also one in Hertfordshire haunted by the apparition of a human log, attired in sixteenth century costume. Both thene legonds are creditable departures from tho orthodox ' white lady ;' but in both cases the effect in injured by the incompleteness of tho talo. No reasoi: iggiven for the appearance of either horse or leg. The latter, indeed, is sometimes said to ha^e be longed either to Henry the Eighth or 'Wolsey. as both visited the houso whero it is said to appear ; but why either of them should have bequeathed a limb to ramble about after, their death is not explained* It is a pure surmise ; but could a fashion able sixteenth century bootmaker have origi nally owned the house ; did ho make badly for the king and his favorite, n ml are their, ghosts still protesting against his ill- fitting boots '1 There is, by tho way, a strange injustice in the majority of ghost stories. Could a mur dered person revisit the earth, wo enn readily understand his making himself ns unpleasant as possible to his murderer. We can even comprehend hia cherishing animosity towards the descendants of his assassin. But after a century or two have rolled away, it appenrs hard that innocent persons, who clinnco to take a houso whero somo tragedy has formerly been enacted, should bo worried and an noyed by tho ghosts of people who wero mur dered generations before they were born. Why slioulu white iigures roam about to .tho vexa tion of guiltless tenants? And yet, in the majority of ' haunted house?,' theghost must have worried people who know nothing about him a great deal more than ho did his actual murderer; for the latter had only his lifetime to bo teased in, while many Iegond3 record a spirit 'walking' (nnd tormenting all in tho house) for a couple of conlurics. Genuine sceptics, on the subject of ghostly apparitions are, wo suspect, extremely rare. Many per sons do not hesitate to profess a sincere cre dence in tho most extravagant tales. Othern begin by stating that ' they do not beliovc in such things as a rule, but ' — and then follows Homo curious incident — that is, to say the least, difficult to explain away. Many persons, not otherwise credulous, hold certain family le gends with undoubting faith. Local super stitions aro equally powerful with others. The wholo subject is a strange one. There are so many what may bo called standard ghost stories — not tales of ordinnrv ' lmnrllpao wliits. figuro type,' but curioua experiences related by pooplo who certainly stated what they be lieved to be true. Such, for example, is Lady Fanshaw's account of the Banshee nho beheld in Ireland ; tho famouB Beresford ghost story tho incidents of which, however, figure in ancient ns well as in modern spirit literature) and Lord Lyttloton's convic tion that tho ghoat of nn injured lady had nppeared to him and foretold the hour of his death, he actually expiring at the limo he had mentioned. These are hut a few of many well authenticated instances of persons' who sincerely believed themselves to ho ghost Hcers. Probably Hamlet's sentiment that ' there nro more things in Heaven and earth than nro dreamt of in our philosophy,' is a very general belief. The wliole subject of the possibility of apparitions is no mysterious, the evidences so conflicting,, so much absurdity mingles in many of the usual ghost legends, that it is difficult to say what is to believed or diabelioved in the matter. It needs a robust faith to credit some of the current chost stories ; yet it U equally difficult to dismiss all of thorn, after tho formula of an ancient historian, who appends to a -marvellous narration the dry comment, 'But this ia a palpablo lie.' Our ancestor* wore troubled by no such scruples,, liko the anciout Borderer?, ' nothing was too hot or too hoavy' for them. The moat outrageous legends wero swallowed by tho clever and tho practical and the pious in past generations. The Cock-dnno' eliost wan not too crosa an imposture .to deceive Dr. Johnson; and Wes ley's father/ indeed the whole family, firmly beliovod in- tlie existence of that talkative, .generally ^objectionable, spirit whom thoy named Jeffdry; and- who- haunted Epworth Pa*»ohaga for years. Tlid idea: that a trick ?was !b«inp;''played upon them 'novel1 appears to h«T« entered into the heads of any of tho family. Jeffory. always makincr 'himself espe cially diaagroeablo while tho family were at prayer's appears' to havo ' been taken as a convincing -proof . of his supernatural origin ; aridlpione oxoroiimis sedm to hayobrrn the only we.ipons employed against him. Modern ^illusionists .show ub how easily tho mo3to.itr»ordinary effects can bo produced by skilful operatoft'j irffnet, in many cases' the - conjurors' throw tho professed 'Bpirit!' me dium into thn ehado; The ghosto produced by them-'inatoh any that evor- haunted anoient castlo or loholy . grange. And yot- a vein of auporiititiori lingora in moat of us, arid few pbrHdria.coutd coriscionttoualy declare tKaftliey tofaliy'dlslrelloveilnll and overy ghost story they ever' heard; C.X 