my missis RETIREMENT.IROMTHE MINISTRY. The New York Tribune's London correspond ^"AT^Inmllov who. we be over, is a perfectly ta°^i^*/iuaiorlty supplies his paper with the îoAgïccounTof an'il.torviow will. Mr. Bright on active July . ., " T. ". on -him in.. " I HOPE this news is not true," I said. " indeed it is true," answered Mr. Bright ; "how S you suppose it was not true?" These were the opening sentences of along conversation of which I telegraphed you the leading Joints or some of them. The talk was a very late one. Mr. Bright is a man who says nothing or pours out his mind. I told him at the beginning that his resignation would have a great influence on American opinion, probably to the prejudice of Mr. Gladstone's Government. " If there is anything you would like to have said or will allow to be said about it any statement of the reasons for it, Americans would be very sad to hear the real truth " " No," was the first answer, " there is nothing" to be said. Then all at once : " But howden you hear anything about it?" I said a. question had been asked in the House late last m>ht; it had been mentioned in one morning paper as a report, and asserted as a fact in another. He knew of the question, did not seem to know anything about the papers. It was now 1 o'clock in the afternoon, and it was perfectly obvious that no single journalist had been to see him on the subject. When the evening papers came out they still discussed it as a rumour. I suppose you in America would set this down as lack of enterprise. Perhaps it was due to the etiquette which surrounds resignations and appointments Till the Queen's pleasure has been taken,' nothing is considered to have been done. I presume the bare fact that Mr. Bright had announced to the Prime Minister his determination to resign office might have been learned had anybody taken the trouble to learn it But the reserve and decorum of English journalism are rather to be praised than criticised. Mr Bright has occupied for some years during each Parliamentary session an apart- ment on the second floor of a house in Piccadilly looking over the Green Park. The drawing-room is large, rather well furnished for a lodging- house, airy, cheerful, and in no way remarkable except for the presence of a Cabinet Minister. Lord Palmerston once made an observation about the impossibility of having a maid- servant to open a Cabinet Minister's door. Lord Palmerston's house was not many doors off from tins, a rather stately mansion with an entrance court and two gateways where the maid-servant, it is clear, would have been quite out of place. Cambridge House, as it then was is now the Naval and Military Club, and the maid-servant more impossible than ever. But Mr. Bright has small regard for conven- tionalities of any sort, and not much respect for the memory or maxims of Lord Palmerston. In his case the impossible has come to pass, the maid-servant does 'open Kia door ; has done so for years both in this and other houses, and shows you up two flights of stairs, and, on the whole, the British Constitution has survived it. I never heard of anybody who thought the worse of Mr. Bright on this account, but I can imagine people who would be scandalised by it, and for aught I know the ghost of the last Englishman, as Carlyle called the last Whig Prime Minister, may haunt the granite precincts of his ancient residence, and pace in horror the pavements of Piccadilly. The Chancellorship of the Duchy of Lancaster is not a laborious office. The departmental business can never be of a very formidable kind, and Mr. Bright's parlour has very few signs of the pressure of public work. Not much red tape tied and untied hero ; not even many papers about. It is not very recent hard work that has left its mark on Mr. Bright. There is a story of Pitt which came into my head as I sat looking at the strong face with its singular purity of expression. Three of Pitt's friends were discussing the causes of his early death. One said work ; the second port wine, of which Pitt consumed great quantities. The third, who was a physician, said " No, it is neither work nor wine that killed him, but worry." Worry is not a very adequate word for the anxiety and sense of responsibility which weighed on Pitt, but it explains a great deal. So it does in Mr. Bright's case. All his life long he has "worried" about things. He could not deal with great questions lightly. He never took momentous decisions with the jaunty grace which was possible to Palmerston, peace and war, prosperity at home, tranquillity abroad, Irish grievances, slavery,- American union-these and many other matters, in which he has borne a leading part were serious to him. He gave himself up to each of them in turn, and to each of them went so much of conscience and moral sense, so much zeal to promote truth and right, such an overmastering desire and effort to bring his own views to prevail, as shook and at times all but shattered his strength. The traces of these mighty efforts are visible, and more visible to-day for the conflict he has just gone through. When Mr. Bright said he did not care to make a statement about his resignation, the conversation turned to other matters. But he soon came back to the resignation, and the policy of the Government which had brought it about. It would have been strange if he could think or talk about anything else. All London was talking of his resignation. For the moment men only remembered Egypt as connected with the retirement of Mr. Bright from the Cabinet. Not only his appearance bnthis manner showed something of the struggle and distress he had gone through. It is no light thing for a Minister to leave a Cabinet. In Mr. Bright's case there were many reasons why he should hesitate long before taking such a resolution many reasons, but not one of them selfish. Others cannot help regarding it as Mr. Bright's final disappearance from official life. In one sense that matters little to his fame or the completeness of his career. His fame was not won in office. It may be said with all respect that office has added little or nothing to it. The Chancellorship of the Duchy of Lancaster is nothing. But membership of the Cabinet is a great deal, and Mr Bright's counsel on many weighty matters of domestic policy has been a source of strength to this Government, He will never again be a Cabinet Minister. This is not his remark but my inference from the circumstances of his resignation. I may say, ' once for all, that nothing in this letter is to be attributed to Mr. Bright directly or indirectly unless it is quoted as his. I shall not repeat here what I have already telegraphed. The points of divergence between the Government and Mr. Bright were sufficiently indicated in my despatch of Saturday. Mr. Bright talked them over fully. Once he said, as he finished a clean-cut sentence, "You are not to telegraph that of course." Many other things he said quite obviously not meant for the public, and on the whole I think, I had better not add much to my previous account of his statements, There was not a word which, taken in its right sense and connection, all the world might not have heard. But Mr. Bright, like all other great orators I have known, expresses, himself at times in private with an energy of language which is as unconventional as it is picturesque the reserve imposed by the platform and the House of Commons seems to add piquancy to the freedom of conversation. Which is only one more reason why the privacy of conversation f should be respected. I had Mr. Bright's full permission to make public what I thought right to publish. But a permission of that sort imposes an obliga- tion, and one has no choice but to be discreet. It is superfluous and almost impertinent to say that Mr. Bright has acted with sincerity, ino profoundest sincerity, in this as in every other business of his life. Nobody who knows anything about his life would doubt it. Nobody who talked with him two minutes' could question it. But it was difficult not to ask envy it happened that if he was to resign he has not resigned before. There were two answers to this. It is not enough for his critics to say that he must have seen which way ...,.nir!..,vcro going- Nobody could be quite sure that a gun would ever be fired against SUM vote- of Alexandria. Mr. Bright said when entire and complete frankness that he had hoped throughout that actual blood- shed might be averted, as it was at ""scene. at Volo, and elsewhere. That is a sufficient explanation of his delay down to last Tuesday, when Admiral Seymour's cannon > to ". ; * Club not think it needful or seemly v^îAfïi10^ closely why from Tuesday to Friday, with the forts in ruins and the city in ashes, no remained a member of the Government is a car was directly responsible for the first and ph.Lnot>,;l'cveJ?tc(ï to last. But the truth was C Mr- Bright, who had hoped against hope for a month, shrunk from a final decision Li a inkling the final step when the last ea t of hope was gone. He knew he must mn'ÄhVMcrrcd till the best possible mo K."; i final part of Parting from his cot SAYS Party, and above all from his manner for one' I am not disposed to join in a chronological censures of that sort. screen!. in? Wild set in listening everybody "trees those who deplore his loss the most deeply still admit that, he could not remain a member of a Government upon which was cast the duty of forcible intervention. "Am I to depart from the principles I have taught for forty years to disown the morality I have made the basis of politics to leave a tarnished name to my children?" Who could say yes? Certainly nobody who had seen the eloquent gesture with which he pointed to the door through which his daughter had just passed. The details of the Egyptian business did not seem to touch him very closely. The questions I asked he rather put aside than answered, though I avoided going over much ground and kept to the actual preliminaries of the contest. "Wucn Admiral Seymour, I asked, declared the fleet in danger, would you have taken the responsibility of keeping it there under the guns of the forts against the opinion of its commander?" " Never would be guided on a public question by the advice of a military or naval officer. They are always for fighting." " Would you, after Ourabi had been notified to discontinue his armaments, and had agreed to, and had broken his agreement would you have sailed away out of the harbour ?" " The fleet had no business there except to protect our people. It was not the forts which menaced the fleet, it was the fleet which menaced the forts." And so on. What broke out in every sentence was Mr. Bright's utter and total hatred of war as war, in any form except of actual self-defence against direct attack. Those who believe with him will disapprove as he does the bombardment. Those who recognise the duty of the Government of a great empire to guard its interests will form a different judgment. This different judgment is, as I believe, the judgment of the immense majority of the English people. 