AN UNPUBLISHED GHOST STORY. (Written expressly for the G-renfell Record.) When I served my apprenticeship in one of the seaport towns of this colony, my domicile was in one of the attio rooms in a three-story building, opposite to a house of about the same size, that was the butcher's shop and dwelling of the proprietor, who was in omilent circum stances, and well respected as an honest and well conducted man ; but who was somewhat noted for his niggardly disposition and isolated habits. In winter and summer alike he might be seen in the morning while it wsi's yet dark, with a lighted candle making preparations for the day's work, scraping blocks,- cleaning scales, and attending toother items of cleanliness in, a shop that was a marvel of neatness ; and the last thing that met my eye on each night, as I looked from my window before retiring, was his figure at the little desk in the corner, making up his books for the day by the dim light of a tallow candle. Sunday had no rest for him, because it presented a splendid opportunity for getting his weekly accounts ready, so as to be the first in the field, on Monday morning, for his share of the artizans' wages. Time rolled on in this way until, on one Christinas Eve, the increditable news spread that this erstwhile miser was making handsome presents to his customers. English cheese and hams, (which in those days had not been superseded by Uodalla), bottled ale and porter, dresses for ladies, toys for children, and costly presents for his best customers, were soon an ample con firmation of the truth of the rumour, and in addition to all this an announcement was made by himself throughout evening, from behind his block, that on New Year's Eve he would roast a bullock after old English fashion, and other wise entertain the general public. New.Year's Day came with its many greetings, but not the feast. The poor fellow was down with brain fever, a raving madness — brought on it was supposed through too close application to business, and through the constant torture of a drunken wife. In a few weeks he was in his grave, and the business was sold to another, who became a tenant .until it should be decided what the trustees would do with the property. At length it was decided to sell everything, and a day of sale was fixed that would give ample time for advertising, and for inspection by purchasers. Then strange sounds could be heard from the shop at night, the scraping of blocks, the noise of scales (they were beam scales) as they dashed against the bench, first on one side then on the other, as though somebody was working who had not a moment to spare. The tenant and his wife pulled long faces as they hinted at terrible goings on, professing to to be scared out of their lives and to have a desire to sell out their interest at any sacrifice, sometimes rushing out into the streets in night costume, declaring to the curious (who some times from the other side of the street listened for hours) that the place was haunted. The day of sale came, and so great was the terror about this part of the property that it was bought, by a Sydney buyer for less than one-third of its value. But strange to say, the tenant still lived on in the same house and soon it became rumoured that the Sydney buyer was his brother-in-law, who had purchased for him. Then public curiosity was completely aroused and groups of people would listen for hours to hear something of the ghost. But no sounds came. Public opinions were fully expressed and at length the , purchaser boasted of how cleverly he had I managed a ghost of his predecessor by securely fastening some dainty morsals to the scales and by covering the blocks with fat or cheese rubbed on, and the rats with which our seaport towns are infested did ' the rest by gnawing at the blocks and by jumping on to the scales and off again, till daylight came, in vain endeavours to dislodge the dainty inducements. Thus a ghost story hegan and terminated and thus fatherless children — worse than orphans — were deprived of a portion of their lawful inheritance. PEREGRINE. 