SUNDAY READING, Believer's Assurance. . Br Ebt. W. P. Mackat, M.A. C T\0E9 it not say somewhere in Scripture 1 J-l that the Spirit beareth witnesses with oar spirits?1 1 Now from the very fact that you speak so vaguely about "somewhere in Scripture," I fear that 3011 do not know well what Scripture is. * The Bible is not a number of texts strung together at random: it is a perfectly arranged whole. Truth in a wrong connection is the worst kind of error. Tou had in Bomans viii. 16, this most b'essed and wondrous revelation from God, that ' The Spirith itself beareth witness .with our spirits, that we are the children of God." Mark carefully, this is not given as a ground by which to know that our sins are forgiven; but comes after the whole revelation of the truth concerning what we hare done and what we are, and how our responsibilities are met. - It comes after the triumphant assertion of Bomans v. 1, " Being justified by faith we haye peace with God,'1 and that crowning triumph after every question has been settled against us, "There is no condemnation." (Horn. viii. I.) At peace with God, and no condemnation, we now advance into our peculiar place among the creatures of God. Angels arc at peace with God and hive no condemnation, but they have not the standing that we have. Here is something additional, "We are the children of God, and if children then heirs, heirs of God and joint-heirs with Christ." Angels are called 6ons in Job i. 6, and other 8criptures. They are tho highest unfallen creatures, and man was made a little lower than they, but is now made higher than tbey in virtue of redemption. (Heb. i.) They are kept by God's power. God alone is without variableness or shadow of turning. Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, to day, and for ever. We are fellow heirs with Him, created anew in Christ Jesus our responsible Head, and this ii onr security. * Being taken from the swine-troughs, and getting food and raiment, we would therewith be oontent, glad that we were in the house at all, even among the servants. Bub higher than servanteare we become, even heirs. We may well pause, and say, is this presumption ? Dare I say that all things are mine ? that I am a child, a eon, an heir of God ? Yes! indeed we may; the spirit has been sent to dwell with us and to be in us, as coming from tbe throne revealiBg to our epirit (which can now discern spiritual things) that, without presumption, we may lay claim to the title, the relationship, of soil of God, heir of God, and joint-heir with Christ. That Spirit is within every believer, and seals only saved ones. He quickens tbe un saved. God has sent forth this testimony, and he that is a believer bas the (testimony in him self . (I John v. 10.) The important point I wish you to see is this, that the Holy Ghost is never said to bear witness to us, by &dj; internal feeling, that we are at peace with God It is a'ter a man knows he is a saved man that then there is astepfurthershownhim—namely.that ho* is a son and heir in Christ. He is notonly ontof pri«on •* he is set at the table of tbe King whom he calls "Abba," that is, Father.' 4Iquite understand the distinction, but I never saw it before; but if I could know that I was at peace with God I would be quife satisfied.* •' • 4 Yes, but God would not j however, this is tbe first point for you to know—11 being justi fied by faith we have peace with: God," not by the feeling of faith.' 4 But don't some people feel it, while others do not V 4 Hot at alL What I am contending for is that tbe forgiveness" of sins is a thing that can be felt by no one: and, unless the knowledge of it is founded on the Word of God, and that alone, for every one, individually, it will be sinking sand for a deathbed. Scores of anxious people have been deluded into the idea that they knew the Gospel when some pleasing emo tion passed through their minds. When Fatan sees people awakened, and thab he cannot keep them quiet, he takes his stand beside the preacher of the go?pcI, and while ho is inviting them to tbe rock, Satan pushes aut planks of | \- feeling. A drowning man will catch at a straw, I and the poor troubled one finds a little relief in resting on some plank of quietness of conrcience, till storms rage, and then he finds himself with nothing beneath him. I am therefore sus picious when a person tells me he is "a little better."; If lie does not believe the gospel, lie has no right to be any better, and if he has taken the good news to himself, he is entitled to be at perfect peace.' 4Then you don't allow of any feeling?' 4 Afost certainly I do: but what am I war ranted in feeling ? If X could tell you that you were saved, and you believed it, would you not feel happy ?' 4 Of course I would.' , . , 4 3 his is what I feel—whenever I s\y to my self, 14 I'm saved," don't I feel happy ? and the more I realise that my knowledge-, of salvation depends only on God's word, the more happy . I become!' 4I« there nothing about this "feeling saved" is the Bible!' 1 Indeed, there Is not. You can easily satisfy yourself by turning to a concordance. Never once is.the word put beside "salvation," "for giveness," or iu fact, anything about a man's peacowith God, but we find in Lube 1. 77, that part of John's commission is declared to be " to give knowlodgo of salvation," and in many' parts of ficripturo we find "knowing our sins forgiven," "knowing Whom we have believed," "knowing wo have passed from death to life/* " knowing wo are born of God " Did Abraham feel he was to have a son when lie was so old ? No! but he knew it. And how did ho know it ? Because God said it. He felt glad because he knew it, because he believed what God said. It is really because people do not believe that God means exactly what He says, that we see so many intelligent men who cannot say whether thov are saved or not.1 : 'But I have often thought that I had re ceived Christ and trusted in Him alone; yet X find my faith so capable of producing effects.', ; 'But did you start saying "I'm savcd," bo\ fore trying to do anything ?' : 'Ono! I was always waiting for fruits.1 'Fruits of what ? fruits of doubt ? Suppose you had got the right fruits, would'you then I have believed you were saved ?' •' \ : ' O yes !* ' ' That is to say, von would" trust the fruits you brought forth nthcr than God's word— „ not for your salvation,, but for your knowledge of it. But you must be saved, and know you are saved, before one accept*ble~froifccan~be brought forth—else the works are legal: - All evangelical obedience is rendered by a man who is 6aved, and who renders it because he knows that he is saved.' ' Then am I to do nothing ?' • 'Absolutely and literally nothing. You must take salvation exactly as the thief on the cross did. He could not turn over a new leaf; his last wretched leaf had been turned in re viling his Saviour. He could not do any work for God, for their was a nail through each hand; he could not run in the way of God's j commandments, for there was a nail through bis feet. And until you stand still and realise that there is a nail through all your self righting activity, and a naU through all your carnal agility, and accept salvation for nothing, knowing that you are saved simply "on the authority of the bare Word of God, you will never bo saved. Wo do not look inward to what we feel, nor outward to what we do—but to the Son of Man lifted up, and to God's account of how well He is pleased with the F.ord Jesus Chrssfc.' 4 Well, I think I see what you mean, and it clears up a real difficulty. I am not to ex amine myself to see if I feel better, feel saved, feel forgiven, or .feel happy; hut here is the next difficulty—how am I to know it?' * I well remember that when I began t-ying to feel converted, I felt myself becoming worse and worse, acd my heart getting further and further from peace Then I began to study this and that theological question. I knew all abou'.what Calvinism and Arminianism were— studied my Bible till I know its contents pretty well; but at last I found I was not on the right track for salvation at all. I was thinking thit salvation came intellect-wise, and not faith-wise.' 4 But a man cannot be B&ved; apart from his understanding ?' j * Most certainly not, no more than he can he saved against his will; but the eyes of his understanding must be enlightened, that he may bo made willing to receive the gift of salvation in God's way. You see if God bad made His eaWation dependent upon education or intellect, He would. have left the great mass without the chance of salvation until they were tutored up to Lho requisite point; but as there is one . salvation, for high and low, rich and poor, educated and ignorant, so there is one method of receiving it, and of course that must be according to the standard of the most unlearned. Hence the truth of the remark that a friend mode to me, 'Intellect never helped mc to Christ, but it often hindered me' 'I was trying to explain this (which I believe to be of the greatest importance) to some poor people, and 1 tried to illustrate it in this way. If, in travelling by rail, I had a first-class ticket, I could travel one part of the journey in a first class carriage, another part in a second, and another in a third, and the railway officials could find no fault; but, if I had only a tliird class ticket, I must remain in tbe third from beginning to end. Thus, in regard to salvation, the educated man can come to the uneducated man's platform; the uneducated cannot rieo to bis: therefore it is on tbe common platform on which, all men can stand, that God treats concerning salvation. * This is the great difficulty; this is why not many great nor many wise, and not many noble, con afford to comelov enough among the com mon run of people, to take a guilty sinner's place, receive a lost dinner's Saviour, and ro joice in a condemned sinner's pardon. ; This is why Chri't taught that men bad to become like little children before they could get into tbe kingdom of heaven.' ; ' I see the justice of your remarks; but tell me, now, bow am I to get into the Kingdom?' ' As you have said before, you know that it is of graco —that is to say, God is waiting to give it to you all for nothing, without a feeling in payment, without a prayer as the condition of it, just as the widow's friend dealt with her debt. That it might be of grace, it was mudo to be by. faith, not by attainment either in in tellect or feeling. This is the impression that has been sometimes left upon my mind, after having heard the gospel stated—Hint faith is the condition which God has demanded from the sinner, in order that ho may bo saved— that the great Physician will heal the most wretched sin- burdened soul, but lie must re ceive faith as his fee! Tfow this, as you have no doubt found, would be the most difficult of all fees to procure. Keeling is bard to get up, but faith is harder. Faith is the mere appre hension of grace—thankfully accepting what God lias already freely given. Faith puts God in tbe chief room as the giver, it being more blessed to give than to receive, and lets Him do* everything, man being the silent and passive' receiver of bleating, faith has to do, not "with what I feel toward God, but with whatsGod feels toward me, what He has done for me, and what He has told mo. faith docs not look into its own formation-it looks out to God's pro* vided substitute for the sinner, faith aoos not tell mo to feel that I am converted, but it fixes me down to the Word of God. Faith tells mc to take God at His word, faith has not to do with what I am thinking of myself, bad or good, but it lets God think for me. • 4 Two things aro to be distinguished, 44 aalva* lion" and the 44 knowledge of salvation." first, How am I to bo saved ? and then, How am I to know it? 4 first, then, my salvation depends solely and entirely upon tho work and tho person of Jesus Christ our Lord. My salvation is supported by His work; His work is supported by His person. 4 Secondly, the knowlodge that I am saved depends solely on the record, tho word, the tes timony of God. 41 He that believeth not God, hath mado Him & liar, because he believeth not the record'(testimony) that God gave of His Son." A man is saved the moment he accents Christ, on account of Christ having died in his place; he knows that he iB saved whenever he believes the record that God gave of His Son.' 4 "Well now, tell me shortly what 44 believing in tho Lord Jesus Christ is." Of course I believe ho is able and willing to save anybody, His atonement is sufficient, and His offer free, and full; but how is He to become mine ?' 4 What is it to believe in a man? What is it to believe in & hank ? Tou do not believe in one who is in the black list—but you can look around and say to yourself,44 Well, I believe in so and so/* and it is just the same with Christ: I believe in Him—not merely in His historical existence—but I trust Him, I receive, I rest upon Him alone for my salvation.* 4 In a word, then, what should I do ? I am wishing to take God's way, and willing now to do it. When I begin to go through trains of thought, I get confused, and I should just like to know in a sentence what my path ought to bo.' 4 Take the lost sinner's place, and claim the lost sinner's SaTiouri* ' Will the claim bo allowed V 'Certainly, for although we are justified freely by His grace, still that grace has so planned it, that it puts God in the more blessed nlace of the eiver. and the Binner in the re sponsible place of the receiver. True it is that he has no claim by nature upon God, but faith uses what grace prescribes. Tea, more, God commands yon to claim Him.' I Cun I claim Bira ?' c Only a lost sinner can.* II am allowed, urged, besought, commanded to take Christ as mine; surely I have nothing to lose; yea, Lord, X believe Thee, Christ is mine.' • r 11 take comfort from the fact that my sins were laid 'on Christ—I do not feci they were there, but God says it—"He was wounded for our transgressionsnot for those of angels— they had none; not for those of devils—they can claim no Saviour ; but for those who toko the sinner's place: " The ohastisement of our peace was upon Him." Therefore it would be unjust to lay it on me believing on Him. He is a real 8aviour for real sinners. My only qualification for such a Saviour is that I am such a sinner. And now I believe my sins are not on me—not because I feel thom gone, for I do not, but bo cause God says they were laid on Christ.' (Teaiali liii 6.) Robert M'Clieync says,c We must not close with Christ because we feel Him, but because God has said it, and we must take God's word eren in the dark.' We do not feci we have faith. We accept God's way of dealing with sin. Man would try to settle God's claims. God Himself has settled the claims, and:offers the settled account for nothing. Man would try to make His peace with God. God has come and 'made peace,' Christ Himself becoming' our peace,* and now He is ' preaching peace' for the acceptance of all (Eph. ii. 14-17). Most anxious inquirers seem to think that we have to fight against ourselves in order to be saved, whereas we fight against ourselves because we are saved. We have a race to run, but it is not to the cross, it is from the cross. Man's way is to believe bccauso we feel: God's way is to feel because we believe, and believe because God has said it. Dr.Thomas Chalmers says, 'Yet come the enlargement when it will, it must, I admit, come after all through the channel of a simple credence given to the sayings of God, accounted true and faithful sayings. And nover docs any light and peace so fill my heart as when, like a little child, I toko up the lesson that God hath laid on His own 8on tho iniquities of us all.' \- Take tho lost sinner's place, and claim the lost sinner's Saviour. 