MISCELLANEOUS ITEM-S (From ocr .&cceinge.;,) A monster potato was recently dug upat Warrnam bool, weighing 2ilb.. The contractors for the South Brisbane Railway have commenoed:operatiots in the dock reserve-the proposed terminus of the line. B. D. Morehead and Co. report that;, Inonjunction with Messrs. M'Dermott. Louglseta, apj'Soarr, they have sold, on account of iD) Clarke;,' 'l, his Port land Downs ;station; .in the Mitchell district, to gether with 130,000 sheep, 100 cattle, stores, plant, &c.;,.for the sum of £188,000; John Govett, Esq., being the purchaser. Tihe S. 3f. fieraldfs orrespoudendt, writing of a trip made up the Daly Rivvei;,m t's Northern Terri. tory, says :-" We get an lllgatdr'euest higher up; the well-known local traveller, hr. W. D'Arcy Uhr, disturbed an alligator sitting onsiti It hadl no fewer than 400 eggs, These eggaiare 'olposited in layers in a sand-nmound from 18in. to 2ft. high, and Oft. round. The last layer for the time being is covered with wet sand, which 'is scraped .off when the alli gator wants to add another, ' You ivonld think such an awkward ponderous beas wbiild smash the eggs, but it does not. Of ournesiaonlythree were cracked. The eggs, which are.:lnathhed bybMn- heat, are about the size of a duck's, but they are longerand whiter, more. hard-ehelledn and piitei l and blotch. They have a strong flavour, somewhat musty, too, but the tblaekfellows eat theot readily tf raw, and with great relish if cooked in the hot ashes." Have you ever fallu in with Bob, the 'bue- driver for Cobb and Co., between 'Wodonga'and Alburyt I willt back him to pack more people?ltnf4d luggage on, a coach than anyman alive. 'WheslnhJ.has three loads on, and there isn't:room for a:kaife'tblade be. twinu passengers,. he will keep you itnthe frosty night air announcing ,"pleqty of room." Four on the narrow box'aeat was a tight fit, and, as I lit a cheroot to solace the nect ten minutps.,,ob, with the strapped corduroys, whoblid 'ar~in.dtdi t me a dire thirst for revenge, coolly Inquitl; looking at the cheroot, "'I that a-rphasY'" which it continued to be. Those who have to sit clos?6pked know how inconvenient are elbows." M1itiuhdiate neighbour on the box was a young woainan?ahb for mutual con veuienceI said, "If you take myiarm we shall sit morecomfortably." " Youcaiii? yourarmthrough the gen'elman,'s arah," struck in the irrepressible Bob; "it all right. Hisl misesuis inside!" And 'Bob had five on tle :ox-seat b feore. he started for Alburj'.-" nglegs," in~tpe 4rnhrnalosian. An inquiry bold before tenho Pslie Magistrate, on Monday last, touchinig the ;death of a man named Jamen Doolan, showstthat the circumnstances attend. ing the same were of a sounesthat extraordinary character. It appears (says the Wide Tey Yeses) that deceased, who..was sleeper.splitting for the Burrum railroad, went toClarke shotelonthe Gympie road, on Saturday evening list; and, pointing toared mark on his throat, immediately over the windpipe, said, " I have been kicked L my liorse ; I am a dead man." Mr. Clarke, seeing that medical advice was necessary, hid him at once conveyed. t thh-aespital, deceased walking to the oart Witheotafitbsahce, and conversing freely with the lad who was driving. Aceording to the lad's evidence, deceased got out of the cart by himsedlf at the 1Hospital.;gate,?aspd asked Where'hewasbeiigtakento; biutshiotlya tthe fellto the ground,'aud only got into th ..cart again with the 'lad's assistase.. \hen close.to the Hospital 'door he fell basck'in the cart and expinsd. Dr. Sag den, who examined the body, fountd tlstthte wind pipe had 'been cosipletely torn across and clotted with blood, causing death from saffocation 3 Doolau was a hard-working, sober man, aesnd psmiy will read of his death with regret. .A Mielbourne telegram in Tuesday's AI. ?l. Heral gives tinhe following additional partioulrrs respecting the suicide of the eldest son. of thunfas. David Moore :-" A sad suicide was discovered:;thia morn. ing. when Campbell Moore, twenty-six ybatn of age, eldest son of the Heon. David Moore;:Was found dead on a couch in his father's house at St. Kilda. Tlheliscovery,was made by a servant. i A small re volveb r was found by the unfotrtunate young man's side, one barrel being discharged. i.he bInly. which was qluite cold, was povered with blood., INo noise was heard by thfe in:mates dluring tlle nuight. The bullet entered his right temple, went right through .tne skull, and passed into the coilsing.uothb room. The deceased' gentlemanu , who ?svsas.edteated at one of the Oxford colleges, was a young man-of great promise.. When in England lie took a keen interest in athletics, whilst not neglecting his other studies, anid brought out seventeen ups uand trophies won on the Thames in college matches. It was known that he had ooutemplted suicide mtorl'a ng time past, his health having been mpsaired by dvtr-study and over-training. In his roam:was found an un finished letter, cheerfully written, in which no re ference is ilmde to his intention to destroy himself ; also an edition of Shakespeare, opeucld on "Othello." with tile portion relating, to tlhe suicide of the Mtoore distincetloy marked." The adventuruss, Nary Jane Fearneaux, who im. personated Lord Arthur Pelham Clinton, and perpe trated a series of frauds, was tried at the Warwick assizes, found guilty of the offenices cliargeo against her, and senltenced to seven years' impFsomuent. James Gcthing, who was charsge as an accomplice, was acquitted. Farneaux'r carer in crine was a most emarkalle onre. .Amongst the signatures she forged were those of the Queen. the Prince of Wales, several noblemen. and Lord Chief Justice Coleridge; and the aggregate amount of the frauds is soncewhere about £10.000. She is the niece of a distinguished provirnial physicianu. took lodgings.at.the honme of a Mrs. Drew. of Astoen, Ilirminkham, isid'after a short time stated, as "a secret, which must not he di vulged," that she was Lord Arthur Pelltmr Clinton, who hlid only feigned to have died, anrd for' wlom a warrant was out, but for whom Her Majesty wna about to grant a free pardon, and-ruetor0 valuable estates which the Crown had. onfisiatedL It wa whilst thus acting in disguise thit she n r aie dupes of a nrmiher of people who advaunced hrr mouey. The history of her criminal life reads like romance, and fens calses heard in the English Law Courts have roeated a greater amount of interest than Miry Jane Fearoneaux's hlas.-. A1'. Herald. ' Describing a visit to one of. the. irost importeant isrtitutious of tire Northern Territoryy-thesPaihers ton Garden, of which Ilr. Ioltze is the director the 8. if. Hjllerledd special correspondent makes the following valuable remarks resp1gting what in this colony is a troublesome and destrnctive insect: Going through the sugar acreage, olerothratlly asks what has become of the white ants. M. Hioltze feeds the ants with arseoni anid ipotush, but tire so called remedy of carbolic acid lie impeaches with Teutitttic warmlth a ' nouserrlse.' ' It is all very well for the first time so long as the siiieli is there.'lle says,' lnt. when itleaves, tie ants are h'oolly walking over the powder, and taking it to whitewash their cells with. Notw, I dilute my arsenic and potash in hot water, andu take sugar nud flourasnd make a paste. iWhenever I l e wh ite aits I mnke a hole .uni lill it with a lspoinful of the mixturen. [ never have the least trouble with them. Arsenic,' Ire points out, 'is :a movrer-tileg ianoe. TIhe father ant takle it arl diesc. his sons ailbetioumatehjit him and they 'lie ; tlheir ?irothcr anll sisLtersc".l ar them, and all give up the ghost, and so destruction goes on for ever. 