..r.*.i ?.o .i-. . .: I . m o Mr Pnodeiliobcon ?ieedaychoai r Prida?g ? TUESDAY; .1R I 'p ` 14, 1882.. Imededllby t ewrd Fidnd and the. dmanypisien arrived oarridt byolice ,ommliesinh C omm eion token, in hand by tho' Cabinet... ..Th4 award distribution, wit on 'uddeoonol sum to Mr Ournow, is to ho curried out nearly ae rocorne nmonded by tho board, andeon are many.po nlior decisions arruved tat by, the Bolier Commission. We have before otated that, in dietributiog:tho reward solely.to thoseo who hadathe fortune to 'e preseont at the closing scono. of thio Kelly drama, ?.vecry grave ieoustice is-done, to others .who have taken a prominentpart in the cearch for ithe ouitlws: i~fny ofthese hive done good service during. th term of. the outbLea!k, nodt service, .'tfoo, that ahould bo recompensed prior to many. claim nowr rccrommondcd-for reward. For i.ntanoe, ,het-na there inbthe whole eaeir thnt, should. ontitle Mrr'Haro to' obtain n peoony of .the £8000 Ho was- at Gleorowsan, nd he received, a wound in~ t?o wrist.while there ;but doesbia. conduct after: being shot bespeak hieto.-be a aterling.eof~cer,. and .bon worthy of.commendatlon of, sort ? Ho left the scone of, conflict, leaving the moen. .withod a. leader,. and .ho. comes,to .Benalla. What :is hero in that to deserve a.rewaid:? And, still, Mr Hare's portion of the £8000 "will by no means.bo, the leaet in the distribu tion. If, for inetance, we should compare this. his action witl the Shorritt hut episodea,what great difference is. there between the two ?i And yet .the constables who .wera:in the hut hove; the juiveresal .censnro;:and -eb. much so that the Governmontchisope polled 't)em from the' force.,, Tliy hava?:beespoexpelled. purely; for cowardloor.bet who 'mongstus'een hurtl the" first stonoend ay that their remainoig quietly in the but ldur g an entireo niht, ? ith' an unknown poumbar of ea inies prowling outside; iso an: notmore' to? be codearisd taubn tiati given ues it Mr Haire's retreat-to Benalla ?e And yet r Heiro?t .is to;'be'rowaidede," while these men have bep l i? sgeiged. Mtoreover,; theoro has eo?n?v ry bd'tdg? onti.s?hewn i? dealing alike with itheofur Shoriritt hut:men.. Ons of tlh four, waseein command,. and : the others wenrahid sabordinates, and subjpot to obey his oiders 4Thi .ebevidece taken shoeod him to be the most clpabl a c onward, yet, the fact that Pie wae.n sodoess.noat provoeltita those underi1a is'.oomsahnd would o ihiaves hazardeda.rues if ordered. In foot, Ajezonder in his svidenr stated.ithat he was. forbiddea:to ueo hi gun or mke oi attemlhpt to'get out of, the hut through the roof,' X'eoelisr eatetor nets havelbeen mad re the transaotions -i the hut durino8ande7tir ibe egpdtn at r uBrrritt, and it is-deplorable to, presume thattsaome have I triedt to.ahieldi themselves ott the orexpnsoe, of others.. Alexander; is. a. man. who,. trough dismissed from:the~ifce for the Bhorritt treo autitnufatill hold-tho rerpect of tro- oaa1ilps": .who weore- hecomraded eindiwith them heo ilooked on inohe very opoiato tli'ht ti?t tofh coward It is moat unfrtunate that ncmawodf his. typo should.be made a viotim.ofi circum. etance, and wo trust thatlat no distant date the Governmont.wilileem.it advisable tto reinstate hiim.. To whale Kelly affair has been in.one S ayor the other:a mlefortunni toall thibe'ftlio ha d,ýboten.. mospropqlion? in it.,.Of...r Nicolson we can but any that to reinstate him Snbo mcae ujstio? djf so of Ml ?Sa'dlier; but to appoint oither Mr Nicolson or Mr Hare to he police magistratesais.ar p estionuwhibhi opeon for disosseion. For instance, their very; avocations. as. policemon, ands police supner. intendantse haoo,' in s; nenqe, ftaughI themto thinkovery petson guilty.who .isenaueod, ofa orime until the rceasoings of law have proved him. innoont; . They have ths. far beens engaged in huntinag down oll suspected persons/ had;byreoanon of, this no matter beir impartial they may,try to be aesmagistrates, their leaning will.boe in favor of the pyoseotioon. There is no. doubt that more polincs magistrat esoar reqired.in the colony,,but snrely these could be found emong legali gedntlmen eod .to the weighing of- evidence, or •from tthe ranks of clerks of. courtsC(some ofwhom. are barristeor; and. all of them acquainted-with the busineis of.petty. sessions fo? yeare);---men who fromi youth upwards hove otudied the law concern itag the powers and j?risdiotioti of magihtrates; nd haveo thereby.gained s thorough knowledge of the duties, appertaining: to-that office, It L tnot to be fpresuined'that ? iter .M?r Nicolson or Mr Haro can be possessed-ef this knowledge, and without it teoyltoild 'require .many years of magistorial-duty beforeothey could hope to be abohole to give piio per' ind legal deoneiotni on knotty caees.o A magisterial inquiry was held by Mrr Blackblurin at Chadwick's hotel,, on the -body of the young -an Quigley, who was recenly. kilLed at Dovenuin The result of thoe ioqqiry.was deatlih frodancidau, During the lest fourtenaday wo -have eoteAded'tb main drive to 400 foeet south of l'seft,' There is a gcod [stoo of wash dirt in the face. They would have made more progress but for the-bad air.:.Tbo'croisecut east at o6a0 feet is in 20 feet. Dirt bohere looks better. About 16 o:a. of gold have beon:otat S - 1n . water: Was strl'ck on Friday in the shire well at Wuaighnu at thh depth of 150 feet; the water has risen in the space of two hours 40 feet up the shaft, and is utill rising. .The well has been sinking for about three 'weeks, and had reached the depth of 130 feet without threslighteat truce of water, when it was resolved by the' ,engineer to ecaso sinking, nod bore for a fec'feot more; this was accordingly done, and that morning water uea struck, rising so rapidly that the men engaged were taken waist deep before they could 6i drawn up. ' The, boeing apparatne consisted simply of an ordinary twoa. inch auger spliced to rods. The' water obtained is alightly brackish, but.will do well for cattle, and will ,dobtless improve after a few days' draining.-Age, i.-On Tuesday night a fire broke out on the premises of James Knox, a farmer, near Cashel, and twenty five tons of hay, stables, hbods, stacks of straw, harness, a corn. 'crosher, a chaff cntter with-.horse power-works, and other farming implements were consumed in the flames,. Knonj retired to bed about 10;o'olock,.and a little after 1 he was awakened by.the cerakling of' the hiuring i ay. "With great difficulty his residence was sa?nd from the conflagration. The glare from the burning was so intense that in the town of Cashel, a half mile distant, a newspaper could be read by it. Knox ieati ds fitis. loss at £184. There is no doubt that the fire has been the work of an incendiary. A blacksmith named Han kins has been arrested on suspicion, and- be?wil' be ibrought up at Cashel before-the police maglbtrateoon Thueday next. Hankins it is maid had been drinkling, and 'called at 'enox's resideneo on Tuesday. He was ordered oft the premises, and behaet away swearing that he would 'do" harm. Niwa was. brought into ]eD' nalla;. at 9 a.n.'on Wedneiday, and about 1 o'clock' Constable Wallace and two trackers were on the ground. Sgo many fresh tircks had beeh made around the locality thbat the men found it :ealess to.try and.discover traes.. of the incendiary. . On Friday tSi. ease of Bond v Wilsion, which und Ieen postponed from the previous Court of-Potty set. sions;by. Mr Wyatt, came up for hearing. Mr Wyatt promised: to deal with the plaint, but when. those in. torcated put In ani appearance, irr Wyatt.was elsewhere.. It was a.ca e requiring the adjudication. ofa the Police rasgistrte, or in his absence two oL the local J'sa. P. were required to sit on the benoh. : Mr ?tobertson alone. put in. an. appearance, and'wIththebo.onsent of both parties, the cans was dealt witht by himi Verdict. for plaintiff, 10a witl cota 15s . . , Yesterday, befora Dr. Nicholson-and Mr. W.Black burne, J's. P. a verdict was given Hyland v. Walsh for work and laboe done £4, with £1 S eosta,'. n A crickiet mateb will bol pleyedain theb?icrinti'~i lesorye on Saturday, between Eleven. of Rlsoa a sn.ne many of.the local team. The nunal St. Patrick's Day.Sportswill li?aeld on the Friendly Societies GOound on Fridany. ext, the :7h. lust. - " Tihoefoyhn Iain4ficap, two milesand.a:distance, was won by Mr Ride'a Sportsman, Mr William Allen, of Violetown, has for sale in lots ts suit purchasers, 200 bag4elf seed wheat This iss choice lot grown-u tiath ?Gaoverneat Rlperimaetal Firi;. T)he bouseshold.effects. of Mr George Louch were sold yesterday by Messrs Watts and M'Bean, and the bhidding Swas veryj.satisfectory. MIr Lonceh.lntends taking hide.. poarturd for Corowa' tomorroww 'iwere he. will bheome pIroprietor of MIartininhot'e ?l. . : Colonel Hutton, wia holdsatie reak fd Lieut. Colonel in the English aarmy, will be gianttoled as. a full colonel in her 'sjestyn forCreet i,.:Victoria, and will. tako pre oedonea o ,all Licut. Colonels. He has.been.asworn Ia under. th?o disciplineAcLt.. ,: : A large fire occurred at Adelaide eo.ona day morning. Tie premiels occupied by Marshall and Co., drapers, were dstroyeid.. .The vals of the tockideastropsed.ias .etimated,at £O0,000., The building and astock were I·ns tredn ,i:rsriqps o?ies ., Tho antumn meeting of the Victoria facing Dlob was brought toa conclusion on n Sturdayst fternoon. The at tendsance was better than on either of thoeprevious days, notwithatandiog the .ntenseahoat of the weather. Hits :licllency~;tbo Governo. attoended the metoing, . oh ( opening event was the Second Neurery HAndictp, wlh 'as~:.ron by.Coletou,. with. Vauclune i?&oond;" "edeý Saionaia. thirdl The next race waso the Ndwmaiket Haudicap,+ for. which 37: horses. eatrted & Thb wilfer. taur~ed op in Hyacinth, who wasenot thonughbt tiUllheo ran.a good;trial. last week. Eu?lid was'aecond, and Larpent.a veryolose third. Heaperlan add the Ghost, w, ho had been made very etrong favorites, were never angeroeu.? - In, _horace, ?tartedD ,or tli o Towu;Piater ; `Coomotion 'Wnt to the front soon after thbeyglt away,. dad lid, ail the .nset of the -dietaiee;. Progrees. ran teeond till tn.. tho streghti h owere he failed, and was paesed. bye Wellingtour , yho :made a:-L.e finsh .n but could not get up to.the leader. The race was run in. min. 3tsaoa,.. Ppll .Mep)l; wth whom.ldr Phillies.de.. Iclared to.win, wae never ieihr theo.froet'at any.titmo. Allanderiren the. All.aged Stakes easily; Solitude.was e becend tadldiotakeeni third. Nilen hrsees estartedfor the Steeplocubae,' which was won by Terilight ;Obhrysalis was second; and Lucy third.: The racing was ?rlought to a co?lueion with theb Three and Pour Year.old Han dleap,: wich was wonr in good- styleo ?y Dichess; The Drummer was seoondd, and Waterloo thidl.-Argus. IYesterday.morniing, aehtanman, whlile attempting to. break into the station at" Inglewood, was shot bytho, eltionmaster; hr Balley. The doctor, called, to dress. the. woud, iad theaChnamane.would have to"-loose his :There a'6 131 entriese nf the S. Leger.SSIles, which, cw111 be run on 13th' April, at thpWerribee :Park, , A novel contest in the abhape f oa sixday' tournament between, W. ldwards, thb pedestriaei, nd a horse,.is, arranged.to. takq, place in Geclong'at about the middle of April, and -ill be for'£100 a side;.to be increased by. mutual consent io' £20. The preliminary deposit on each aide has been dhly paid; The agreement drawn up Ifs to the effect that the pedestrian is.imited to a fair. walk, whilst the horse may beridden or driven at any pace by two.ridera or drivers of not leae.than Set jib. each. 