A DARK STORY, CHAPTER XXXI. CONTINUED. ^2 OOR Mrs, Bleek! [{-*' Outwardly, five years had made Jjf but little change in, that excell ent woman; she had become a little more shadowy perhaps, a little " mum mified," but that was all. Tiule had however had his revenge even upon this poor creature. An intellect, neve'r of the brightest, had more and more succumbed to the cold pressure of the tyrant's finger, and, retained by Sir Philip as some blind, worthless, worn out hound wou]d have been retained •ftpon the establishment, from sheer shame of turning it away, she flickered about the old house, to which she ■clung like damp upon its walls. The old horned There indeed the five years had made a vast change. It had become a desert id house. Sir Philip, who on the death of his father had thrown him self into the pleasures of London and Parisian life, had taken a dislike to the place, and, but for Benjamin Dark noil, would have pulled it down, sold every timber, and carted away every brick, to build some pleasaiiter abiding place elsewhere. But, like Mrs. Bleek, the old man held to the house. To liiin that mould ering brickwork. 5md crumbling stone represented the family. The master, always away, and shud dering at the very mention of the dreary p'nce, as he called it, aivl^ the sinister memories it conjured up, it is , tiot surprising it should fall into decay. A. very common-place scoundrel, after all, was. Sir Philip Wentwortb. You may meet hundreds like hitn. any day in the parks. Successful, and therefore courted, knaves ; gentlemen \oh ! that misused term !) got up by Truefit and turned out by Poole ; wi'h heads as empty as egg-shells, and hearts like Dead Sea apples. A spend thrift on himself—a sybarite, who, to stuff his OH'it couch with rosp-leaves, would gives toothers a pillow of thorns; Jie had cut down all expenses at the Abbey, and to this, strangely enough, he had been urged by Darknoll. " My- end is gained!" the old ni;in would chuckle to himself. " My daughter's wrong has been righted so far 'as so foul a wrong can ever be lighted, and my blood—untie!—Will inherit for generations the honours of these proud Wentworths. Philip must make a great marriage—a grand mar riage—a marriage that the world will speak of; and his name be written down in every print, and echoed from \nouth to mouth! It. was a game worth the playing, and I have gained it—for him !" And so the new steward shut up the Abbey, living there himself with the aged housekeeper and a domestic or two, mindful only of Sir Philips interests, grinding, scraping, and watchful, till the tenants cursed the absentee landlord and the miser who Wd taken his place. As he bends over the fire, listening, to the smart talk of Tom Brompton, with a sneer he scarcely takes the pains to conceal, he has a very vener able appearance — the hair snowy white, the face deep lined, the eye brows full and drooping. The eyes however have all the fire of youth, and they glitter with a penetrating keenness as they glance from the lad to the shadow^ old woman, wl^a, sits like some ghost in her antique chair dim and chilly even in the ruddy glow of the piled-up hearth. "A dull place this for a sharp, active young fellow like you, Mr. gliomas, to come and spertd ydur holi days. Your are not afraid of ghosts, it seems ; for, according to your grand mother, we have plenty Of them here." Tom laughed. " Bless you, Mr. Darknoll, I am m'orte afraid of rheumatics! A damp sheet wraped round one's body is worse than oil the raw heads and bloody bones in the world." j&heunlafcies-is; baa, assented M-vs. Bleek, more to herself than as address ing any one. " I've had 'era. for years, and folks get used to 'em." " But," continued Tom, "if I did be lieve in ghosts, I should fancy they would crop up here pretty plentiful. \- The Abbey isn't quite the place to •raise any spirits but dead 'uns; thoiigh if I Were in your place, and canie idross any such tenants without leave, I'd soon serve them with a writ of eject ment." ; , " Ah 1" grinned the old man, '• that's easier said than done. Phantoms of the past cling about ancient places such as these, and whevi tllcy do ap pear, It's hard to lay them. ^ How would you manage, may I ask ?" "By clearing the house from top to bottom, opening all the windows, brushing away all the cobwebs, and letting in light and air. Depend upon it, there's nothing like a good whole some current of fresh air and a house Biaid's broom to ehnse away hobgob lins.. " We've f'eht away all the house maids," piped Mrs. Block. " Things isn't as they was, you know,^Thomas ; and lis tonight and air, we've.had nboe of them since the great house changed owners."' " Changed owners! what do. you rilean —and DaiknolPs eyes gleamed at her savagely. " The Wentworth estates are> as they ever must be, in the Wentworth family." " Yes, yesbut what's the good, llr. Benjamin, of snapping one up so ? You know what I meam—that is, what I think I mean—for, upon re* flection, I'm riot so right about it.*' " Right about what, granny V' put in Tom, while the steward furtively scowled at them both. " 0 !'*—and the poor soul proceeded to wander off in another direction—• " it can't be right* pou know, for the family never to visit the Abbey, biit to leave so beautiful a place for years to old Benjamin there and me, who are but shadows ourselves, you know ; and O,"—here her mind took another turn—"what numbers of shadows I see when I take my rounds! They crowd every room, and I meet theiii 6n the staircase, going up or coming down. They all belong to the place—like me, they are a part of it, ar.d can't quit it no more than I can." Tom felt that the conversation was getting too depressing even for him,; so he made a dash to change it. " Your Sir Philip," he said," addies sing Darknoll, " your Sir Philip keeps ,it up in fine style down our way! Just before I came away I saw his last new turn-out in the parks." Darknoll's face had changed its ex pression as if by magic. His eyes sparkled with a sort of joy-: ful expectation. " What was it like—eh ? Something that a nobleman would be proud of— that a nobleman would have, r.o doubt ?" "I believe you, gaffer!—slap up! The true thing, and no mistake !" "Ah!' murmured Darknoll, draw ing a long breath of satisfaction; " blood will out!" •' A four-in-hand drag," continued Tom, warming with his theme,—" the complete thing ! Not a datail want ing, from the mounting of the harness — all silver — to the guard's horn! You never saw such a crowd in Pic cadilly as when Sir Philip, drove from the Cellar!'' " The where ?" " The White Horse Cellar, and tooled them into the parks!" " And the}' admired him ?" " Well, thete could be but o.ne opiii 16n as to the turn-out!" said Tom, with an evident reservation in the tone of his voice. " They were all swells, irside and out—swells, and t'other sort 3" " T'other sort ?" " There was Colonel Snorter, who there was all that row about in the divorce court; Lord Bardolph, who by rights I ought to have mentioned first; little Tommy Bombshell, of the Guards — a screamer he is; and Clubber Spades, the sporting barrister, who gets more by betting than by briefs." " All gentlemen And l)arkno!I rubbed his hands. Tip-top ! And as for the ladies ! there was shig-nogs" (Tom's French was peculiar) " of all colors, outside and inside, with little Totty Fay on the box!" Totty Fane! Who is she ?" Tom laughed, and without taking heed of his grandmother's mistake in the name, gleefully snapped his fingers. " She's perfection—that's what she is ! Such a singer! You should hear her give Now do,n't You Wirik at Me, Jofi'Vind 'Tea ind Shrimps on Suiiday.' 0 !"—and Tom sniacked his lips with delight—" no wonder Sir P. is so takeii with her; If I was a kiug I'd make that girl my hempress." The old' man's brow slightly con tracted. " Youth will have the feelings of youth," lve murmured; "and Philip had ever a kind heart." " Fane! Fane!" broke in Mrs. Bleek, who had been rocking Ijerself back wards and forwards in her chair: " Is the young lady any relation to the Fanes of Lincolnshire 1 They were a proud lot, and Used to visit here in the old time. She can't be a Briice Fatie. No, nor any connection of Lady Eleanor's; nor—" " No j she doesn't belong to Lincoln shire at all/' said Tom, scarcely able to keep his Countenance as his grand mother continued to tick off several names on her skinny fingers. 1 " Then," said the old woman, trium phantly, " she is a Buckingham Fane, and they were the proudest of all." And with this consolation she sub sided back into her roomy chair, and chuckled exceedingly over the amazing poweis of memory she had evinced. " I hear Sir Philips going to be married—'bout the same time, I sup pose, as wy master, Mr. Corbett." Benjamin Davknoll started. What 1 Is Mr. Everard Corbett going to be married ? You surprise me ! Newa travels but slowly down here. Is she—is she, rich ?■" " Will bsT' and Tom nodded confi dentially. •' Not quite half a million sterling'but enough to furnish a bundle of asparagus or an early pea to a lanib chop, you know." . "And Sir Philip's wife, the wife tliat is to be—Lady Caroline Somers -4iave you seen her ?" " To be sure I have. I frequent the Row after business is over, and often Iiefove that when business is slack, ibhe's an upright grand, she is—up to any tune, I should think, but Home, Sweet Home." "Handsome, of comse ?" said the old man, inquiringly. Here Tom paused. " Well, beauty, as the oystefc said to the shi imp, is a matter of taste. Some people like the features elongated, and some like them flat. Her ladyship has a nose like the beak of a parrot, mollified' (modified he meant), "and, " and a lip that curls up at the world as fine and as crisp as a sprig of endive. She's a * fashionable,' and jio mistake ?" " What's that ?" cried out the old woman, suddenly starting from a doze, 1 and raising her head with a gesture of j alarm.. What's that ?" " What's what ?" demanded Tom, somewhat sharply, for he was begin ning to have niore than a misgiving as to the state of what he called his grandmother's upper storey." " I heard the bell of the great gate ring; I heard it, for niy hearing is good, though fot my eyesight I can't say much; folks eyes fail 'em at niy age. It's weary crying over the past, and—" She stopped, nnd again held up her head," there!—I heaivj it again, and the hoot bfthe owls, too. I hear many things that other* don't, old as I am." There was a silence of some minutes, during which Davknoll, startled by a something in the housekeeper's. nv»nn,er listened attentively to catch aiiy.pther . sounds, if other sounds there wVvtj, than the blaxe an,d tumult of the storm. " She'.s right/5 said the steward, with a queer, puzzled look, which was not far removed from alanrt; " that Was the bell of the great gate which rung just then; and there! there! dd yoii hear it ?'* tilrnirig to Tom, who stood with his head bent forward and his hand to his. ear, a statue of eager (he scarce coiild tell why) attention. Yes; Tom had heard it—he heard it now distinctly. " It's a strange hour for visitors," said Dark noli. " Very," assented Tom, " No onij from the village Would dare to corfie to the greut Entrance. Who can it be ?" Though the question was asked at random, Toni took upon himself to Veply that he thought that, under the circumstances, it might jbe as well to, go down to the gate and see. " A nice cold I shall catch," grum bled the old man, as if more thai! half inclined to resume'his seat and let the visitor ring on. " Listen to the dash "of the rain Audtlie scream »>F the wind! Besides, I can't hold the lantern and turn back the lock Alone ; I'm not so strong as I was." . , " No, no," put in Mrs. Bleek, whoso mind had wandered off again. " We none of us are so strong as We were. I've carried Miss Gertrude and Master Philip on my.back ^ften and often, and now 1 can't stoop to pick up a pin a'most, but some cruel paiit shoots through rue somewhere. Ah, deary, deary nie! how things do change to bp sure." And once mo,re she cora 1 nienced ticking oft sonle piebe of Wentworth chronology on her fingers, muttering words, with this peculiarity —they had no relevancy to anything she Had been saying before. " There's the bell again," said Tom to Darknoll, " Somebody nyist a#&-* wer it. It would'nt do to leivc a dog out such a night as this.'' " Why not ? " snarled the steward, His sweetness of tone having for once altogether deserted him. " If do53 select such weather let them take their chance." " But <idgs don't ring bells," ufged Toni, as another peal made itself now distinctly dvldiWe. " Come, look heve, gaffei*, if you'll cfti'ty the lantern, as you know the road, I'll kcep.you com* pany and turn the bolt. Yon mAy depend it's business of importance to bring people out of their home* through such wheather as this. It may be a telegram you know—some news, good or bad, from town. Some thing coneering Sir Phillip, perhaps." " What ? I never thought of that. You're a brave lad, and—and—a use ful. Come this way ; there are over coats and wrappers in tbc hall. Stay I'll fetch th(e lantern;5* His npathy, fits, Seifishness, had alto gether cUsappeilr«d, and he hobbled off, to return with a lantern, the candle of which he lighted at the fire. The housekeeper continued to chuckle and sigh, and confuse lipr dates^ seeui inly oblivious tif what was passing, as Torn hurried after the steward, and flinging on a covering of some kind found hiu\self outside of the principal doori facing a rush of rain and wincjL thatjchilled him to the marrow. In front, and calling to him impa tiently to. etiihe on, was Benjamin' Darlfrioll. It was then Tom perceived that that eccentric personage was already half way down the broad carriage-drive, carrying the lantern, but without his hat. " Well," mustered Tom, " if I ever tame among; such a set of lunatics before, may I be the last of the Bromp tons ! Heic, only a minute ago, this very genial old cove was refusing to leave the fire acos' of the rheumatics, and now he's a-pelting away without his hat 1 " Ahd s6 it wa§. The stewaid, for getful of everything but the possibility of bad news about Phillip, had plunged out into the night, and was making rapid headway towards the gate as Tom came up with him. " Here, I say, take my wrapper," and good-natured Tom flunir it over the old man's shoulders. " You's not as young as you were a hundred years ago. Pull the end of it over your nut, and you'll be covered in like a penny \Vinkle. Shall I take the kej's ?" "Yes; -the large one--the rusty one—and the .steward held up the lantern to the one. " It hasn't been used for years. How dark. ilie night is." . " You may well say that," said Tom, having selected the key. " That's about the third clump of laurels I've stumbled into about as many moments. St'll, they might have becyi prickly hollies, which would have a jolly sight worse; so keep your pecker up, and n<yei' say die, which is, or ought to be, the Bjromp.ton fam'ly motter. Hil ;loh I here's the gate 1" he cried, a% lie Van srnaWly against it. " Thank you for nothing, old gentleiftap, but a little more attention , with that lantern would be acceptable. 1 have not much nose to speak of, but I wish to preserve what I have." Taking no heed to Tom, ivylijo was busy feeling what he called the " handle to his mug," Benjamin Dark noil, moving to and fro with the up raised lantern, peered through the bars of the gate. As yet he saw nothing, for the rush of vain waS great and the darkness thick. " Who's there ? Anyone there ?" So answer. " Anyone moving outside ?"' shouted Tom. No answer. Que.-r time this for a runaway knock'" grii.ncd the irrepressible. " Hold hard with that lantern of yours for a. njonient, gaffer ! I've already lost half my valuable nose, and my teeth will go next. Stand Where you are, gaffer, while I strike the jigger!" and Tom applied the great key to the lock. It was a work of difficulty, but he turned it, and with another shout, tu which the old m&n; joined his feebler tone, he, using his utmost force, pulled back one of the great gates a little. It had not revolved upon its corro ded hinges niore than (sufficient to give space for the passage of a human be ing, when a dark figure, shrouded in a latge cloak; glided swiftly through. The figure of a woman! Both Totfi and the steward tcboil'ed before this Unexpected apparition. The figure entered quickly, moved onwards a few paces, then paused, confronted by the steward. " Any more of you ?" bawled Topi, peering out. " No! Well, this is a queer caper!" and he closed the K^e. . .. . " Who are you ? What's your busi ness here, woman ? What do you want?" demanded Dark noil; almost savagely, of the rain-soaked and soli tary figure that Stood before him. For some moments no sounds \verc heard but the clamour of the storm and the creaking of the key as Tom re-locked the gate. " Whd are you ? " and the old man r&is;'cd his lantern to the veiled face, repeating the question, " what do you want." " Home! I have come home, Mr. Darkno'i 1 '■ The veil was raised as the wprds were distinctly but quietly uttered, and the light of the lantern fell full upon the speakers face. To be Continued. 