SPORTING. A good deal of discussion was occasioned in sporting circles on Friday night, owing to the rumor that the S. A. J. C. had imposed a penalty of 3 lbs. on Rainbowfor the Adelaide Cup for winning the A.J.C. Corinthian Race, and 7 lbs. on Fictitious in the Goodwood Handicap, for her victory at Onkapfiringa. In Rainbow's case his owner, Mr. Abrahams, contends that he only won £99, having to deduct his entrance, 1 sov. from the stake, and in the case of Fictitious, Mr. Aldridge states that he only received £91 after de ducting his entrance and acceptance fees. The S.A.J. C. rule (63) as to the estimating of the value of a prize, says—"In estimating the value of any prize no deduction shall be made, except of the winner's own stake, and of any sum or sums required by the conditions to be paid to other horses in .the race out of the stake." The English rule says—"In estima ting the value of a race, there shall be de ducted the amount of the winner's own stake and entrance, and any money payable to other horse3 or out of the stakes by the con ditions of the race, or by the general condi tions of the meeting, except discount, clerks' fees, stakeholding, and weighing fees." As there was no sw.epstakes in question, it appears as though the committee had arrived at an erroneous decision in this matter, as the Eng lish rule is specific enough to mean that there shall be a cecuction of the winner's stake and entrance. The new arrivals from Melbourne were pre sent on both the Old Course and the new on Friday, and the horses were given a little ex ercise, but did nothing worthy of special mention. Ordinary work was done by the lpcal teams, and being a fine day both train ing tracks presented a scene of activity that will be repeated with increasing interest on each morning during the ensuing week. Mr. Allen, the manager of the Glenelg railways, has agreed to Mr. Barnard's sugges tion .that trains shall stop at the Morpnett ville Course for the convenience of trainers and others, on week days, at the following times :—Victoria-square line—Down, 6 a.m., S a**., 2.15 p.m.; up, 8.50 a.m., 9.30 a.m., 4 p.m. North-terrace line—Down, 6.55 a.m.; up, 10.30 a.m. Pell Mell and The Ghost have. been scratched for all A.R.C. engagements. Mr. Steinerhas made to, the order of the S.A.J.C. the Adelaide Gold Cup for the coming Autumn Meeting, and has turned out a very choice specimen of the goldsmith's art'. The cup. is of Greek design, claret-shaped, and almost without ornamentation, present ing a substantial and chaste appearance as it stands on its pedestal, some sixteen inches high, and enclosed with a glass case. The Corinthian Cup, to be presented at the same meeting, is also from the atelier of Mr. Steiner, and is in the form of a very hand some epergne made in Adelaide for the Melbourne Exhibition. It is of starling silver, standing about twenty-six inches high, and represents two Arabs and a camel seek ing shelter from the rays of the sun beneath the foliage of a spreading palm. It is a very creditable work of art and is also a valuable one in a monetary sense. Of the Victorian horses who arrived on Thursday, Morrisson's team — The Czar, Commotion, Hyacinth, Result, andTrevallyn are located at the Broadway Hotel, New Glenelg. Rainbow and Cremornc are at the Britannia Hotel; Hereford Bay, Mistaken, and Royal Maid are at the Tuff Hotel, Park side ; and Intrepid and Acrobat at Watson's stables, on the Bay-road. There was not much change in the betting on Friday, but the Czar has become a firmer favorite for the Adelaide Cup, and Chrysalis and Lucy are the favorites for the Steeple. On Thursday, April 27, a wager was laid between Mr. H. W. Mortimer and Mr. Colley, of Reynell and Colley, Adelaide, for £50 aside, the conditions being that Mr. Mortimer has to drive one pair of horses from Gawler to Kapunda and back, thence to Adelaide and back to Gawler, the distance being 100' miles, and it has to be accomplished within twelve hours, Mr. Colley backing time. The event is to come off to-day from 6 a.m. to 6 p.m. A similar wager was made in 1875 against a pair of ponies belonging to Mr. T. Cullinan, of Kapunda, and the task was done under the time. In that case the distance was irom i^apunaatoAaeiaiaeaiia bacK. —u-aicler I Standard. 