ST. SAVIOUR'S CATHEDRAL. Tir. stoneawork of the above magnificent tpile, with the exe,.ption of the tower and the spire, having been completed, it was decided that the event should be celebrated by a public demonstration, when the cross, on the chancel gable should be fixed in its position. As might be expected, a largenumber of persons assembled to witness the proceedings, though by far the greater number were women and children. -Proceedings were commenced by a short service being held in the pro cathedral, the Lord Bishop o. Goulburn, the Veh Archdeacon Puddicombe, The Rove. Canon Soares, G. M. D'Arcy. Irvine, and J. L. Taylor ofliciating . . SAt the conclusion, the congregation adjournoed to tloe cathedral, which had been pepared, as well as ciroumstances would admit of, for their receptiono, ' anumbor of seats 'being placed io the body of the building, and the earth covered with shavings A raiseol platform.was erected in front of the seats to .accommodate the speakers and members of thecom minittee. 'Tho clergymen previously' mentioned, with the addition of the Rev. H-I. Dunlop, having taken theii places on- the platform, Leaflets were distributed to the assemblage, containing a short form of ser vice to be used nit tho:eocoasion. A. hymn was then sung and the Bishop offered up prayer, after which a number of workmen, who had previously ascended the scaffolding,. placed the cross in its position'; -'when it .had been properly fixed, the following declarations were solemnly pronounced :---By sthe Bishop-" In the faith of Jesus Christ, we place this headstone of our Cathedral Church; in the name,-and to the Glory of the Holy, Eternal, and Undivided Trinity, the Father, the Son, and the Roly Ghost." By the Ven. Archdeacon Puddi combe--" The glorious majesty of the Lord our God be upon us; prosper Thoi the work of our hands upon us ; 0 prosper Thou our handiwork - Amen."-By the Rev. G. M. D'Arcy Irvine " Here may the true faith ever abide, and brotherly love remain'; and may praise be offered continually in the name of Our Lord Jesus Christ, who ever liveth with' the Father and the Holy Ghost, one God, world without end.-Amen." The choir then sang the "To D)euac," the clergy. men divested themselves of their surplices, and the following gentlemen joined the others on the plat form :-''ho Hon. Chas. Oampbeil, M.L.C. (Chan. cellor of the Diocese), Lieutenant-Colonel Hnolborow, M.L.A.; the Mayor, Captain tossi, Dr. Sly, and Messes Blackett, Davidson, and Joplin. The lRev. J. L. Taylor having engaged in prayer, The Bishop said that it was now proposed to, opoen'itho meeting, and he would therefore call upon the Treasurer to read the statement of the Building Committee. The Treasurer (Mr. IR. C. Joplin) said that he had to make a financial report; but as he knew figures: were at all times dry, lie would endeavor to be brief in his remarks. The whole sum actually received fromt all sources for the cathedral was '4.18,000 in round numbers; £15,535 hnad been expended (which left a deficiency of £700), and that would be the entire cost of the building they saw around them. At present they ha'd a debt of :. 1400. Besides, ithe had on hand as treasurer a few promissory notes, and the Bishop had received a large number of promises. Those promises were certainly not a very tangible commodity; but he thought they would be found in alarge measure as good as gold, Sn that they might consider those lofty walls, .those lofty pillars, and those arches so beautiful in their perfect symmetry had all been paid'for. They would stand as monumoents of their libdrality to the church of their fathers for centuries '-to come. The idea of building the cathedral must have originated soon after his L9rdship's arrival, for in 1871 there had been received for the purpose about £447. In 1872 the sum of £692 was received ; in 1873,. £766 ; in '1874, £1326 ; in 1875, £924 ;in 1876, £911; in 1877, £1730; in 1878, £2484; in 1879, £839; in 1880, £1544; in 881S, £2713; and this, year about }£430. The figures were in round numbers. Goulburn city and neighbourhood had given £6000, othlier pairts of the' diocese £3600, Sydney '£2700, England £2200. The Hon.' Jolmn Campbell stood to the front as premsier contributor, and his munitficence demanded at their hands special recognition. It would take too long to go through the names of'- the gentlemen wvhoi. had oantributo'd 'tp the work, for theire were e many who had displayed great liberality. But to the persstal exertinns of the Bishop the greatest honor was due, and had it' nitbeen'for, him he thought theysewould have o'ut a very sorry figure indeed that day. In 1874 the fouodation stone was laid. The 'excavations cost £93 7s 6d ; the second contract, executad by the late Mr. Tunter, for the foundations and lower wslls, amounted to £3933 odd. Mr. Duncan carried" out the third contract, the erection of the chancel, for £2279 and Mr. .'urner the fourth, the pillars. for £1110. The small arches, £1910, were also executed by Mr. 'uriter, a'nd the' liirge arches, £950, by hMr. Duncan. Thlt seventh and last contract, to complete the-stone work -with the exception of tihe towter and spirc; had beeff'doie by Mr. Duncan, and cost £4000. To those sums must be added the architeet's commission and the salary of the. late clerk of wvorkts, Mr. Horn ; and if they cast one admiring glance around them they could soee how Mr. Blacket had earned his commission. There: were numerous small expenses which could not well be classified, but they did not amount toa£150 ' The committes' weere anxions that worklshould not stop, and that the roof should be proceeded with; and fearing that Ithey would be placed in a dilenmna for want of funds, hIe determined to move in the direction of a cash credit. A guarantee was pro. cured for £5000 ; -by that money they would work, and hoped to goon until all-they tcished'had been " done. Many thanks were due to the gentleman who -had stepped into the breach and given the -guarantee, atnd they must, all iremember that they. must be protected. They were indeoted to 'friends - in England for many things necessary for- Cte church, and the windows have allibeen secured for memorial purposes; the last'two would be dedil -cated to the memory of the late Mr. Thonuas Gale. TThuse was a whisper that the ladies would providie tse organ, and that a well-known gentleman would soe to bite bells. tie hoped that contributions would not stop ttil all that was necessary, had been sub. scribed. The Bishop said that about t"swelvo years, ago a movement was made in Goullburn for the erection of a cathedrt l church. Ort the 12th January, 1871, a meeting was coiveted for the eotmsideration of thb_. subject, and an admirable desigin saas ....obtrmed from E. T. Blackett, Esq., architect, of Sydney, 'atd on iho 15th Jatnuary, 1874, the corer.sctone was laid. .oe was disappointed that the Hcn. Johu Campbell was unable to be present that day ; arid that the Metropolitan was still detained in litngland through ill health ; but lie wan glad that they had the advantage of the presence and advocacy of the Hon. Chas. Campbell, their' Channella'. The fitst establishment of cathedral churches may be traced as far back as the fourth century. lin England cathedral churches were of very anient date. (His Lordship here asent into a long. and .interesting descriptittn of tCb history aoid uses of cathedrals ) In Mareh,.1863, Goulburn was~ raised to tho'dignity of a oathedral city by the Qtid6in. The old St. Saviour's Church was found to be insuflicient for the tequirements of the die. "ceos ; and though be saw the want of a now chbirch he saw that'other wants in the diocese would have to be attended to. " At the end of 1870 the diocese "possessed 40 churches, 19 lparsonoges houses, atd 29 clergymen ; but sitce then all -these had been inereased. The'building of the cathedral had not in any way retarded the progress of the 'diocese. Tlthe contracts for the walls had been very well divided between Mesers. Duioan and Tumor, who had performed their work to the satisfaction of the aachitect, -the committee, and the getei-sl puhlio. They all ntissed the into-Mr Horn, who had elli. ciently carridd out. the duties of Clerk of Works and' generously coiafributed to bhe futd, They were much cheered in their earlier proceedings by the cordial sympathy of friends (the speaker mn. tioned numerous names), and now again they needed sympathy. Mr. Finlay had offered £100 if ten othera would follow his example, and ho was ready to accept similar offers from others. Mr. W. Conolly placed in "his hands a promissory note for £100, prior to his departure for Europe, and they had been enconraged by others They could not but wonder at the backwardness of some who waited to be urged and pressed before seizing the opportunity of doing good. A sum of nearly £8000 had been contributed in the city of Goul. burn during the last seventeen years for the benefit of all tihe other parishes in the diocese, and it was not unreasonable to expect that in return for those past benefits and in gratitude to the giver of all good they should not rest until they at least had the amount required to render the Cathedral fit for public worship. The Cathedral, by its numerous memorial windows would be granted first place for tho beauty of its architecture, the position in which it stood, and the high and holy purposes for which it was designed. (The Bishop closed a rather lengthy address with a reference to the charters of early English Cathedrals.) The Rev. Archdeacon Puddicombo moved the first resolution, which very happily was one that Would result in something practical :-" That the statement which has been read, together with the treasurer's account, be printed under tihe direction of the Committee." The time had come for making the members of the church in the Diocese thoroughly acquainted with the position of. the church in Goulburn. to far, the money had been nearly all collected by the bishop; ;but he trusted that the printing of the report would have the effect of stirring up the hearts of the members of the church to come for ward and finish the cathedral. (He referred to the time when he occupied the position of assitant minister, and made a tonuching allusion to the late Dean Sowerby.) He felt that there was a duty incimbent on him, and that was the collecting from every member of the Church of England in this and the adjoining parishes something towards the completion of the church; and that he would do. Hie had pleasure in moving the resolution. Mr. Jo.hn Davidson seconded the resolution, and trusted that when the building was completed they would bo able to say it was paid for. It was in every way an ornament to the city and a subject for congratulation to the Bishop. A building like that was put up for all eges, and it was not impro.. bable that in a generation or two it would have to be enlarged. Although it was necessa.y at the present time to have an overdraft at the bank, he did not think it would last long ; and he thought they would also be able to put up the spire before long, and when that was done, it was the opinion of many people that it would be a greater piece of architectural beauty than even St. Andrew's Cathedral in Sydney. Carried unanimously. The Bishop read a' number of apologies from persons who. were unable to be p resent, and a list of contributions he had received, and would shortly liand over to the treasurer, which included £100 from Mr. A. G. Finlay, £24 from Mr. I. Shepherd, and £20 from Mirs. Gibson. By request, he also read a list of contributions received since the com mencement of the building. 'The Hon. OChas. Campbell, M.L.O., moved the second resolution, which was,-" That fresh sub. scription lists be now opened, and that every clergyman in the diocese be solicited to bring the subject of the building fund of St. Saviour's Oaths. dral very prominently before their congregations on an early Sunday, urging- every member of the Church of England in his parish to aid in complet. ing the cathedral, on the ground that it stands as a symbol of the unity of the Christian Church in the diocese." He thought, as an old man, his wisest course would be not to troub!e them with i emarks, which they would not be able to bear; but as he had been present to welcome the Bishop to the colony some twenty years ago, and also at the laying of the foundation-stone, it was only natural that ho' should say something on that joyful ocea sion. Be did not think the attendance of male adults was at all creditable to the city of Goulburn. This was not in any way a parish church; it ,was the seat of the Bishop of the diocese. The Bishop had pointed out that many of the distant parishes had been benefited by contributions from Goulburn, and surely they now bihad reasonable ground' for asking that they should contribute to this cathedral chuirch. 2s from every man, woman, and child would give thorem the sum required to finish the cathedral. Be had very little conflidence in the entlhusiasm and steadiness atf the laymen ; but if it could.go forth to the ladies that they wanted that sum collected, they should not probably be disap pointed; and he said it would not be a difficult job for them to collect his sum. It hod been a good practice to accustom children from their infancy to contribute to some christian work, and they should be asked to give their pence to this cathedral. If some of the families of the district had come for ward properly this sum of £4000 would have been cleared off at once; indeed, four families alone should have been found to contribute it. Dr. Sly had much pleasure in seconding the reso lution. Judging from what had been done in the past he had no doubt that the money would be raised in a comparatively short space of time. Seven years was a short interval in the erection of a cathedral, and he did not think they had any reason to be ashamed of what had been done in that time. The resolution was put and carried. Captain Rossi moved-"r That the progress al. ready made induces the hope that the Cathedral may be ready for consecration by the 25th .larch, 1883 (the twentieth annoiversary of the Bishop's consecration in Canterbury Cathedral); and that this meeting earnestly trusts that the necessary finds will be sunpplied, and is of opinion that the members of the church in the whole diocese should unite by a vigorous effort to accomplish this desired oajct." Hel wished to refer to some remarks made by the Chancellor, who was disappointed at seeing so few adults. He, Iowever, thought it was an excellent meeting, for there were so many ladies present that it sould have a good after effect. It had also been said that if it were a race meeting -they icould have a better attendance ; but he acc. pied the position of vice-president of a race club that was not able to even get together a meeting. It was gratifying to him to be there, as senior trustee, and he had to thauk God for the very great privilege of being able to say that he had svitnessed the laying of the foundationistones of tswo cathedrals and- their completion. When they hand they should not mind difficulties, but perse vere to the ead. Be most heartily commended tie •solution, and hdped they would have the power to carry it out. Tie Mayor seconded the resolution. Re thought the subject was thorougirly exhausted by what had been said. He halped he would be spared to see the cathedral completed, and had pleasure in secoiding the resolution. Lieuteuant.Colonel Holborow, M.L.A., seconded the resolution. On his lirst visit to Goulburn he had the pleasuro of having a look at the Cathedral; he had since witnessed its steady progress, and had pleasuro in beiing present that day. In 1883 he hoped to hr then to see it opened. This resolution was also carried. A collectrin was then taken up, which with pro. vious contributions, made the total realised that day £325 14s lid. This also included a donatirn of £50 from Mr. 1V. P. Faithfull ann four of £10 each from mombers of the family, making a total of £90 from Springlield. The Bishop expressed his thafiks at the result of the day's proceedings, the doxology was sung, the benediction pronounced, and the proceedings ter. minated. - - 'thn Sunday school children were requested to stay hehiid, and a number of surprise packets of confectionery, provided by his Lordship, were dise tributed to them. The workmen employed at the Cathedral sat down to an excellent spread, in the room adjoining the pro- Cathedral, provided by Mrs. Thomas and other ladies. The edibles were lirateclass, and in addition ale and cordials were supplied. Mr. Jas Turner in a neat speech, proposed the health of Mrs. Thomas and the ladies who had so kindly given the repast; his Lordship responding on be. half of the ladies. A handsome work was also pre sented to each one present prior to their leaving the room. The affair is described as very enjoyable to all who took part in it. 