THR AUSTRALIAN ELEVEN.' It has been finally settled that Jones is to have a place in the Australian Eleven, and that ster ling, brilliant, and reliable young cricketer left Sydney, on Saturday evening, for the purpose of joining the team in Melbourne.1 The Eleven is by far tha best team that has ever been brought together in the colonies;: for there is not asingle -duffer., in it,.and we shall be .'greatly:- surprised if our boys do notearry all bof of&th;'e.m mthe old country. In batting; the teamiB.exceptionally strong, nearly every man in it being- a first-class , bat, and with Garretty Spofforth, Palmer, and .Jones, the bowl ing should be effective. 'As a wicket- keeper have already shown ' what they can do in the way of fielding. ? Great things are ex pected of young Jones, and for our part we incline to the opinion that if Sammy getu a fair show his batting average will bo equal, if not superior, to that of any other member of the Eleven. Mnssio has been rather unfortunate of late, and has not shown the best of form with tho bat ; buti.his numerous admirers believo he will do gome big hitting, and run up tall scores in England. Thatgood all-round oricketer, and all round favourite, Tommy Horan, is getting back into his old stylo again, and Garrett is bowling and batting now as well as he has ever done in bis life. Murdoch, Blackham, and Bannerman have if anything improved since their last visit to England, and certainly they have not gone back in their play ; and M'Donnell'o great score in the lato match against the English men in Sydney shows how he can \7ield tho willow when he is in the ' humour.' The Demon bowler haB mode himsolf so scarce here that one hardly knows what to say or what to think of that erratic and peculiar gentleman. In the laBt Intercolonial match his performances wore good, and ho was also fairly suocessful in tho match played in Melbourne a few days Binco. Spofforth has a great', in fact a terrible name at homo, and he is bound to come off on the wot and heavy ?wickets .of old England. Palmer's really fine performances with tho ball in both the matches of the Combined Eleven against the Englishmen in Sydney 'stamp him a trundler of the '? first' ordor; and Giffen, although unlucky bore, ie undoubtedly ?&\- grand bat',- and a 'smart; Held. Boyle iB the weak member of the team. There are plenty better players''both 'sideB'of ,the Murray,1 but for all 'that Boyle 'is not 'altogether an f outsider,' 'for besides being -quiek 'in1 the field and useful as a change bowler, he 'is a man of great experience, and kisjadvioo is at all times valuable and lervicable. The Australian Eleven have our best wishes,' and our ^captain might-, on leaving our shores, appropriately use the words of Henry the Fifth— 'We are well persuaded 'We carry not a heart with 'us from hence' ; ' That grows not in fair consent with ours : ' Nor learo not one behind, that doth not wish Success and conquest, to attend on'us. ' AxrsTBALiAN'Oup a ' throw'in 'for the book makers : the favourite'third. ' ' Lilltwhitk'b Cricketing Guide for 1882 will shortly be published. - ' ? ' All the events in the 'late Melbourne Races went against tbe public - - ' The Racehorse Wellington 'has been sold to Meisrs ,0. and A. Finlay for 1000 guineas. ' Eliab Layoook practised on Lake Torrt-ns, S.A., on Saturday last, in the presence of a large number of spectators. 1 , , ' Mb. M'Kean, M.L.A.,'of Victoria, netted £500 by the victory of Pollio in the raoe for the Aus tralian Cup. Young B. Murphy, who lately defeated the 11 Woolloomooloo Novice,' has issued a challenge to walk any youth under 18 for £50 or £100 a-side, one to seven miles.' A 3JRIVATB oablegram from Edward Trickett, who is now in London,' announces his complete recovery from the voyage aeross the Atlantio, and that he is well and doing good work at his training quarters at Putney. William Beaoh, of Dapto, neither lacks friends nor opportunities, in order that -he may display his abilities on the water. Failing to get a match on with Laycock, he is now matohed in light skiffs over the champion course at an early date against Reynolds, for £50 a side. Mb, John Wilson was a good purohaoer at the thoroughbred sale held at the Pastoral Hotel, Melbourne, last week, and among those he pur chased was a good-looking horse named Pret d'Accompler, by Stockham from the imported mare Stitoh in Time. This handsome stallion is to be placed in Herr Schumann's hands tor be trained to the circus business in the same manner as the beautiful Arab stallions that are so perfect in their performances. ? ' ' ' We understand' that the Viotorian Racing Olub has determined to take some action respect ing bookmakers. It has we believe' been decided ,to charge all who ply their, vocation in the: sad-' 'ling paddock an annual fee of £25. Every book maker is to be licensed by the V.K.O., and will have to wear a small badge, with his name and number, upon his coat. , It is high time eome tuing was aone, ior notorious weisners^re to oe, found in the paddock at, every meeting. Pbaroh is kno-vrn as well 'in , England and, America as he is here, ' and his friends will find some difficulty in providing engagements for him. 'In any casej however, his trip will probably do him good in the experience and knowledge he will gain as a waterman.1 'He has exceptional .strength, is powerfully built, and comparatively a' young man. With these great advantages, 'he should utilize the opportunity which he will now have of gaining an insight into rowing matters. A novel contest in the shape of a, six days' tournament between W. Edwards, the pedestrian, and a horeo, was arranged at Geeloag, Vic, for Friday. The contest, is postponed unti^about the middle of April, and will be for £100 a-side, to be increased by mutual consent to £200. ThV agreement drawn up is to tho effect that the' pedestrian is limited to a fair walk, whilst tho hone may bo ridden or driron at any paoe by two riders or drivers of not less than 5st 71b ?»eh. Thb first contest for tho Krug Champagne Cup, valuod at 100 guineas, presentod by Messrs. Krug and Co., of Roims, France, will take place on the champion course, Parramatta River, on tho 27th May next. The cup muot be competed for by boilajids amateurs, according to the rules of the N. S. W. Rowing Aosociation, and after the contest, which is to take place twice during tho rowing aeason, it becomes the nole property, of the aculler winning for the second time. A LONDON paper says :— ' The recent deaths of Captain Robert Goff aud his intimato friend Captain Paek-Bereaford take us back a quarter of a century to one of the palmiest epochs of Irish rlil/iiJg. luuuiiBiujjurni jr vu.hu. tuu unu guuu upurtB mon that hove just been cut off with similiar ouddonneoa, within a few days of each other, were tho present Marquis of Drogheda, Lord Lurgan, Captain Machell, and Sir Thomas Barke ; whilst cmon^ot isho choice spiritc which have since priQDcd, way mny be mentioned Lord Ilowth, Nod Irwin, George Brynn, Christopher Sc. George, Willium Dinnoy, Tom Newcomon, Mr. Longfield, Captain Gray, Miohaol Dunno, John Courtenay, Colonel Westonra, tho Marquis of CoynRham, Dr. O'Reilly, 'Dog' Moere, Georgo Vaughan, and 'Noblo Henry,' tho famous Marquis of Water ford.' ??:; ,.-..?, Aqitatics. — -The Woolloomooloo Bay Regattay which came off on Saturday lust, was admirably-. conducted, and as the weather wan delightful, a pleasant afternoon vtrua spent. Mr. F. Thomas ueted an otavtor of the oniling races, and Mr. L. G-. J. Bonnott started for tho rowiug racea. Metiers. John Blaekman and Frank Punch offi ciated na judges of 3ailing and rowing, and MoBsva. W. Smyth and E. J. Grattan as umpires. Dr. Milford'o Doris won tho race for all yachts, handicapped ; Messrs. M. J. Fitzgerald and Hebblewhifco won the double acull race, open to all juniors; and J. Degotardi won the senior scullors' skiff race. The last event on the pro gramme — all comers in light skiffs, handicapped — »was a most interesting one. This raoe caused groat excitement, and proved a splendid contest throughout.- Tho lead wag, changed sevoral times, and at tho ? finish tho first prize^was won by S. Edwards, Gv Solomon Becbnd'prize ;' the : -third' msnin-iras J, 0. Laycook.1' ' . '? ' ;;.--??; ' { Young Jones' averago for six inningses againqt, . the crick 'English bowlers ia'95i X{ /'' ' '' 7 ] Fbanoiscan,' who was a' very m'dderate 'animal'^ ip Australia, has 'been'dislinguishing1' himself in°' India. 'lf ' v ' ' -'. '?'?''. y 1 At Oontrel Kempsey, on E»Bter Monday, a'V committoe offer £20 as a prizo for all oomers to ^ sail a course of eight miles in openlboats.'i *- ^ - -'i * \ Bablow and Pilling, the two Lancashire repre« - T scntatives of tho English Eleven, were each, pre- -' sented with an address and a trophy by* a number -[ o'f Lancashire men. , ' . .t^f »,lr j Thb -will of Mr. A. Jardine, of .England, .wall- - known in the racing and coureing world, has been ?- sworn under £1,341,000., Mr. Jardine was well,, known as a partner ' iii the great tea firm , ofn Messrs. Jardine', Mattheson', and 'Oo.' i Mil. 'de Mestre' has lost a valuable broodmare ih Sour Grapes, who died at Terrara a few 'days ago from the effects of a snakebite.' Sour Grapes ''' was f by 'Fisherma'n'f rom Gildermire, and was1 'a1' ' vjery brilliant two year old. ' - (r ''''?'?« , W. -Hudson, the champion wrestler of New -11 Zealand, who went to Bendigo, i Victoria, ! but' ' failed to come to terms, has come over 1 to Nowiin South Wales to try conclusions with W. Smith, ol It is stated thafc there is every probability^ these two ooming to terms. _ ( (, (|, The crew chosen to represent this colony in tho forthcoming race have commenced Bteacly . l practice under the' tuition of Mr. Oatley, who will accompany the crew to Melbourne in the oapacity /! of hon. coach. A special boat for the crew is'tte* r| ing built in 'Melbourne. ' ' '''' ''? 1 By late advices we learn that Largan, a 'young' ?- and promising English sculler, second only to - Boyd, intends shortly to sail for Sydney, with the intention of taking part in the Frank Punch comv petition, and with the view of getting, somoi matches on with some of our local men. He t will be accompanied by George Dearn, a well- known long-distanoe swimmer and a very fair, sculler., g3( r ^ By the R.M.S. Shannon came a very fine and; handsome black and white greyhound, bitch by Misterton, from Coomassie, both sire and 'dam' having won a Waterloo Oup. Another bitch, by the same sire, from Devotion, jump'ed overboard at Port Said and oould not be found. This pair of greyhounds cost Mr. George Hill 250 guineas in - England, and judging ,from the style in which the same litter of puppies are running in England thUv, - season the price is not high. , ~, Hanlan having engagements during the oom« ing season with Boyd,, Rosa, and Trickett, Lay cook will have some difficulty in satisfying' his desire for 'another spurt with him. , Unless '/ ' Hanlan possesses a great ,appetite for work, we ' fear that 'he will not risk a fourth match. 'He^htfs ' 'already^on his programme for two months' work an Englishman,' an American, and an 'Australian, and it - must be admitted that he is now more v 'than making up for lost time. Howeverj-if Lay,-,, - cook is in thejiumour, there is little doubt. but,'; that he vrill use his, -persuasive' powers' to the. \\} utmost. 'Jhe knowledge that he had^obtaineji,, , .during his last trip, both in the1 style of rowing n; and in boat fittings, has borne such good fru\t' jthat ho will be a 'far7 better man by 'many leng'tbj pn his loiurn to England.1 ' ', ' ' f ! Mblbouenb Racbs.— The autumn meeting' was',' 1 continued on, Saturday. Fifteen started ' for th^e Deo»nd Nursery Handicap, and 'on aoeouht of 'his f .previous running Srlvanus was most in 'faVour'/ A. good start «ent tho favourite away in'' front, *r but he ' was« .steadied, and after Brilliant hali- 'I earried on the running to the home turn, Oolstoun i- ran to the front and won easily from Vaucluse and.Sarionara. Couleton , was a , rank outsider,, and wns not backed, and thus commenoedithe,,,, series of , misfortunes whioh, befell the,tpublio, n who lost heavily during tha day. No fewer than ( '36 stripped for the Newmarket Handicap., ,The(' start appeared to be a very good ,»ne, (jut *ho ; race was a scramble from beginning to, end. , Tho, first flight 'rattled past the'post ' in -a great heplp,' but it oould be seen that Hyacinth' and Eu«lid ? against the rails, and Ilarpent on the extreme/1 ' right, had the advantage ; and the judge recorded a viotory fbr Hyaointh1 by 'throe-guartert of a'-' - longfch, and the time was the fastest 'jet done, l.min. .29^860.^ - Hyacinth) was obacked foriafew -f i thousand dnithe paddock,: and ? 'the stable had an 1 ? ? idea tliat helwould run a good horBe.' i The ?vrinh6rl:i0 is; the.; property, ?: ofi; Mr. ??-. .-^W. a! Pearspnriar The night before ..the , raoe, the Sydney division, .j7 backed Hesperian :tO;Win,,about;^8,Opp,land,--apfJ.[fi confidently .was he supported on,: thOj ipour8e,.thajb ..; ) when the horsea left the, ,pimdoc]c 4' to, 1, jiraB.f thjB7/', best offer to money. On'.the qtiior .hand.' .the'j'^ friends of The Ghost thought |it: a c^tainty 'for !,.' him, and at the last 5 .and 6' to .I'wa^the best'.^ price to be obtained about him.: His ' time ,'t't'falB!f ' were said to have been something wonderful. 'The1'';'* Town Plate wbb another blow for the speculative : ' public, for Mr: Phillips declared to win with Pell ' Moll, but the colt could not get up, and Commo tion, who was sent to cut down the field for him, , - made the running at a great paoe, and was never ;?; caught. Wellington ran magnificently with lOat,1 ?; and sordid Progress with 9st 71b; and the old (i horse just beat the. latter for seoond place. Pro- . gress pulled up. ^ame. kThe following race (the. , Alleged ^takes)'wa8 another boil over, for Soli-,,., I tudej .who1 gave Allander' 31b. actual weight and' '. a beating in' the First' Nursery Handicap on . ' Thursday, '?yras backed^aty' 5' to 2 'on her, '',' but quite failed ' to '- p'rovo' hei? f prm, and Allan- : der won 'rather eaoily.' Mistaken was third. ' A brilliant' field !went to^thblpOBt for the Steeple- s chase.- The race wasj a good one all the way, and ?? Twilight, who took *;up the! running when they ?? ' had gone a miloandiahalf; won cleverly by four ; lengths from' Chrysalis, who was followed by ^ Lucy and the l f avpurite'; Great. Western. Gazelb' : ? ; fell at .the .fence near, the. abattoirs, but herrider ? .' (Floyd) escaped without injury. As might bo ,,j expected,, the courao was very hard. For the ,,, , ThreeandvF,ourJ Year Old Handicap, DucheBS ..,, was .backed at 6 to 4.' She waB well riden by, ' Hales, and rnnriing through her hoi'Beo at the home turn,'V7on easily, and thus scored, the only ', win1 for the ' f avourito's during the ' flay; ' ' ' Tho1' ','.' 'Drummer and' 'Waterloo wore' socond aiid third .'?' ^ yosp'e'otively,' '- ? ? ; ? : ' ?*?-??' a,.-o 