THE TRAVELLER. SPAIN AND THE SPANIARDS. TllE ALUAMBlfA 1JY NIGUT. Kiglit bas already spread her sable mantle around when we descend fro .n the Tacador, and the Hall of the Two Sisters looks like a dark-skinned Kastern bride clad in a white lace veil. We glide through the court where the thirty- six Abenceiragcs had their heals lopped off by lloabdil, and glance at the bottom of the marble font into which the vital fluid of the thirty-six warriors wa3 charitably allowed to run, and where Iou-ben Obcdah points out the blood-red spots which still remain as indelible accusations left by the victims against their executioners, and which he tells ine with a look of mysterious awe the perpetual ablutions of three centuries have failed to wash out. Now we tread the shining door of the Court of Lions, where the big fountains still splash and make music in the night air, and where "once upon a time," as the fairy tales have it, the lascivious Sultan, Abul Hassan, maguanimously cut the throats of his own children to satisfy the ambition of his favourite Sultana Zoraya, who wished to see her own son on the throue ! of Granada. The stars glitter like diamonds through the open colonnades as we reach the Hall of Ambassadors, and the cresdent moon casting her silvery light through the arched windows of fretted stone transforms the whole place into a scene of wondrous beauty. The arches with their slender palm shaped shafts rise around, and the trcllised walls and filagree balustrade turn the bright rays into fantastic patterns upon the marble floor — while the stony leaves and flowers around the capitals assume a living form as if all the splendour of Arabian architecture were but an imitation of the most beautiful works of Nature; and as I gaze in rapture at the splendid hall, brilliant beneath the pale mysterious light shed around the whole scene, it recalls forcibly to my inind the lines in the second canto of Scott's'' Minstrel"— The moon on the east oiiel shone Thro' slender shafts of shapely stone. By foliag'd tracery combined; Thou would'st have thought some fairy band 'Twixt poplars straight the osier wand, In many a frcahisli knot had twined, Then fiaio'd a spell when the work was done, And changed the willow wreaths to stone. I behold witli delight the romantic garden of the Meuzona, which is Eeen through the doors and columns of the gallery, and where the dark leaves of thelaurcls and myrtles look radiant beneath the moonbeams, and where the white jasmines and yellow honeysuckles coiling about the walls and trailing over the ground like snakes send their sweet petfumes floating through the clear night air. 1 stare out of the latticed window where the Darro winds beneath like a silver serpent; where the lights of the ciiy uink and blink through the gloom like the eyes of fiery monsters; and where the white-peaked Sierras beyond remind me of gigantic loaves of white sugar and stupendous wedding cakes piled up together, and then I look to see if I can find the iron hook round which Ayesha the "Beautiful" tied the rope when she letdown Boabdil the " Unforturate" in a basket out of 'this very window to save birn from the enmity of her rival, Zoraya the " Light of Dawn," and next I bribe Ibn-ben-Obedah with another Havanah cigar to come and sit down by my side in one of the marble alcoves where the Caliphs were wont to squat cross-legged on crimson divans, and then we watch the shadowy light flit and dance about the white marble pillars which look like the ghosts of defunct Moors suddenly come back from the Dark Ages. No sound is heard, save the music of the rippling fountains and the song of the nightingales in the orange groves of the Landaraja; but the walls of the Hall of Ambassadors speak volumes, aud sing as it were aloud in words of poetry and praise for All all and the exiled Moorish race. " 0 God ! 1 hino is the praise for ever," says the wall on one Bide, and the other echoes back " O God! Thine are the thanks for ever." "May Divine help, solidity of empire, and splendid victory fall to the lot of our Sultan, the Commander of th? Moslems," says the cornice over the door, and the big-domed roof cries out—" My fellows here may be com pared to the'signsof the zodiac; but I cau boast what they have not, the honour of a sun, since my Lord the virtuous Yusuf has decorated me with the robes of glory aiid excellence without disguise, and has made me the place for the throne of his empire." " There is no Deity but God, and Mahommed is his mes senger," remarks the capital of a marble column.- "Letthy -words lie preceded by salutation," ejaculates another column, as if in rebuke to the former for not bowing his head when uttering the name of the Deity. "I flee for refuge to the Master of Creatures." shouts one of the alcoves; aud then the doorway of the grand entrance, as if in response to all these empyrean salutations echoes forth the beautiful words—" By the sun and its rising brightness; by the moon when he followeth him ; by the day, wheu he showeth his spleudour; the night when it covcreth him with darkness; by the heaven and Him who built it; by the earth and Him who spread it forth; hy the soul; and Him who completely formed it. there is no Deity but Allah. " They read like the funeral songs of a de parted race," I exclaim, as Ibu-ben-Obedah concludes his translation of these pious en treaties to Divine Providence with the sapient air of an Arabian prophet, and with an ease which would Beem to indicate that he must have every verse of tlie.Ivoran not only at the tip of his tongue but at the ends of his fingers, not to mention the extremities of his toes. I have kept him hard at work all day unravelling the mysteries of the marble courts and expounding the square yards of Moorish pitty in poety ana prose which cover the wails, but now as we sit wthe fretted alcove of tlie great liall of the Am Imssadors, like a.couplc of mummified Caliphs whom antiquity has forgotten to bury, he seems to get uneasy in his miud, and tries to lure me from the desolute hauuted-looking Alcaza by intimating that he knows of a ca.fi hard-by wheic we can get a real cup of Arabian '1 Mocha" of the very same kind that Boabdil used to drink out of a jewelled cup made of pure Arabian amber, when he sat in \+ hte t'hvM itlnnn \i-5f li A Vhdlta flirt 41 RhhilfL this very place with Ayeslia, the " Beauti ful," on one knee, and Zoraya, tlie " Light of Dawn," on the other. But 1 tell him that I will have none of his counterfeit Morisco Spanish coil'ee, which 1 know to be a vile compound of chicory and burnt lotus beans, and that to budge on inch from the spot where I am seated would be but to banish for ever the romantic sense of rapturous delight which I feel creeping o> er me with the soft seductive influence of a magic epell; more over, I remind Ben-Obedah en passant that he ate a whole watermelon and three pome granates for his dinner, that since then he has to my own personal knowledge consumed no less than six bundles of cigarettes and chewed up the unburnt ends, and now he has a whole Havanali cigar for his supper, and as a true born Moiisco-,Spaniard, what by the holy prophet and all tbe cammed saints of Spain can he want more ? 1 point out to him the enchanting beauty of the scene, the thrilling mysterious grandeur of all around; Lut be only scratches his head and strokes Iris heard with a half-drowsy, half-sullen air, so I ccax him with the promise of another ten pesetas just to make a night of it, whereat he rolls himself in his capa in a dignified Oriental style, and then Bending a blinding coil of smoke out of his nose, rolls himself over with the case of a turtle, and goes off into an oblivious siesta, with the end of his Havanah cigar sticking fast between his teeth. As a matter of fact I feel fatigued myself, for to wander about the halls of the Alhambra for ten or twelve hours at a stretch, mounting to tlie summits of its towers, traversiDgthemazes of its gardens, and exploring itsdungeons, is no mean work, and I feel that I would like to stow myself away after the fashion of a sar dine in a tin by the side of Ben-Obedah, and go right off to sleep, but my excited imagina tion keeps flitting about with the agility of an iijiiis fatuus over an Irish peat-bog, and leads my mind captive, as it were, into tbe oblivion of centuiies. I wonder where can be the men who built this glorious palace, and who made its very walls sing praises to their God 1 Do not these deserted halls bear witness to the pious instinct of their souls ? Do not these fretted stones still bear the magic touch of their hands ? Are they not cemeuted together with their blood ? Do not their spirits still haunt this wondrous monument of their power and splendour? These are the re mains cf a cultivated, polished, and warlike people, who passed through all the stages in cidental to the rise and fall of nations, and who reached them golden age, and perished just as the Babylonians, the Assyrians, the Egyptians, the Greeks, tlis Bomans, and countless other nations had done before them. The links which connected them with the great nations of the East are severed and lost, and this splendid monument rests as their grandest landmark on earth. This is the ruined Alcaza of their Kings, the last relic of their taste, their skill in arts, their wealth, and power. In this very hall stood the throne of their empire, ana here came the piinces from Europe, Asia, and Africa to do homage to the Caliphs of Granada. I look hack to the past, dispel the gloom of 400 years, and fancy that I see this enchant ing palace perfect in every detail, with its halls, its terraces, and towers overlooking the rich city below and the fertile beja be yond; and I call back to life the dark mysterious people, and picture them in their fanciful costumes crowding through the marble courts, and about the gardens, and around the fountains; and while musing thus the Hall of the Ambassadors changes before my-sight as if by the magic touch of an en chanter's wand. . The moonlight fadeB away before the glare of 10,000 lamps dotted about the high-domed roof like stars; the glazed mosaics shine in a glittering sheen of brilliant colours upo . the lower wal.s; the sculptured flowers and frmts upon the capitals stand ont in white transparency against a background of azure blue; and the bright Arabic scrolls with their fantastic letters wind about them in the form of golden serpents. The pendent ornaments above and the trhcery of the fretted arches are resplendent in blue, red, and yellow ; the tapering marble columns sparkle with the whiteness of alabaster: the doorways and walls are gorgeous with light green damasks and rich tapestries of golden tissue; and the alcoves look gay with yellow and crimson divars. I can see iSo&bdu;, the " Unfortunate" seated on his gorgeous throne in flowing Itaik and turban set with flashing gems, and by his side on luxurious divans recline like dark sirens Ayesha the " Beauti ful," and Zoraya the " Light of Dawn," and they are clad in jackets of gold brocade covered with Bed ilea pearls, and in scarlet satin robes from far-famed Yemen, while on their tiuy feet are yellow' embroidered flippers from the bazaars of Bagdad. Around sit the sable houris of the harem, and in presence of their lord the Caliph tney have cast aside the hideous yarhmak. ana now their beaming eveB shine with a soft seductive lustre. The nails of their tapering fingers are black with henna, their eyebrows are dark ened and painted to meet one another, while their pouting lips, tinged a bright Vermillion, look like lumps of coral fresh from Arabia's shores. There are Gadis and Moorish nobles, resplendent in the gorgeous costumes of the East, sitting on the divanB and crowding the courts beyond, and here and there in quiet corners are green- turbaned, long-bearded mollahs sitting cross-legged on their prayer carpets and praying silently to Allah for more light of Divine wisdom; and yonder, pacing silently along the colonnadesand about the terraces, where palm-trees and exotic flowers mingle their beauties with clustering vinef, are stalwart Mamelukes — grim, solemn-looking men with hooked noses, big dark eyes, and long pendulous moustaches, white turbans on their heads, and long cloaks wrapped round their gaunt lintbs, while their curved scimitars and ' long pointed spears gleam fitfully beneath the brilliant lights which rise like a pyramid of fire to the topmost towers of the palace. Suddenly an odour of frankincense, myrrh, and odenferous woods floats through the air as crowds of coal-black Nubian slaves, with big gold earrings, and rings in their flat snub noses; come trooping in, bearing enormous silver salvers piled high with luscious fruits— large yellow melons like balls of honey, pink pieaches and ruby nectarines, blood-rea pome granates, golden orangeB, andpurpleand amber grapes; and I notice that one or two swarthy sons of Ham stagger in under the weight of large alabaster vases, heaped-up with glitter ing snow fresh from the icy summits of the Sierras. And now Boabdil and his Sultanas^ the houris, and the Cadis, and the Moorisn nobles eat, laugh, and make merry, and while some quaff foaming sherbet out of jewelled cups, others sip aromatic Mocha from the rich plains of Araby the blest." Presently an odour of ottar of roses floats around, ana now coines dancing in, with clicking casta nets, tinkling mandolines, and clashing cymbals a bevy of half-clad lithesome dancing girls, tvlio trip like sable fairies over the marble floor, and sway, and bend about, and entwine themselves together, and throw their arms around their flower-decked heads as if to imitate the graceful outlines of the oval archeB and palm-shaped pillars, while their soft seductive music echoing through the courts mingles its harmony with the songs of the Nubian slaves and rippling of the fountains; and when they have wantonedand danced in a thousand fantastic ways, and dis appeared again down the long vista of marble colonnades, a sound of howliug voioes bursts upon the ear as a dozen dancing dervishes bound into the court to perform their eccen tric gyrations. They are all thin, cadaverous men, not unlike copper-coloured skeletons, and wear flowing skirts round their attenu ated waists. Now they swiag their bodies violently from side to side, now they revolve slowly round as if on a pivot, and now at full speed, with their bony arms stretched out, their hair circling round their heads, and their long skirts twisting in the air like a wheel; round and round they go in rapid whirls, then- haggard faces become con vulsed ; they foam at the mouth, scream frantically, tear their hair, and shout— "Allah! Allah!" with a voice of thunder, while the nobles, the houris, and the Nubian slaves standing roukd beat the palms of their hands together and chant a monotonous re frain as the dancing fanatics spin round like humming tops, and call upon Allah with the same hoarse cry. I begin to think that the twisting and twirling disciples of the Prophet will soon be hurled into space by the centri fugal force of their religious ardour, when suddenly the loud sound of the tocsin re sounds from the tower of Qomares, the orescent moon fades from the heavens, and a ray of golden light Bhooting athwart the open colonnade of the Hall of Ambassadors falls in the form of a fiery cross upon the marble floor, and as the clash of anna and shrill sound of cymbals fills the air, Boabdil starts from his throne, Ayesha and Zoraya cling frantically to the skirts of his flowing haik, the houris fly shrieking through the halls, the dervishes and the mollahs cry aloud to Allah; the Cadis and the nobles marshal then1 vassals, and ten thousand scimitars flash in the walls and up now: 1 I'.WkHlH) WH HIVHVStW VY11MIVWM ihc morning light along the wa baBtions of the Alhambra. It is all i I feel that I am myself in the tight. I give Ibu ben Obedah a tremendous lift in the ribs, I shout for him to rise and to come on like a man, and the sadden shock caused by my blow passing with the swiftness of a galvanic current through his nervous system causes him to swalloV the end of his Havanna cigar, but he spits it up again with a terrific Morisco- SpanishVath, and jumps up with the agility of an electrified frog. I rush to the window and\see the Vega beyond covered with armem. hosts, and load shouts and deafening noisesNxend the air as the armies of steel-clad Christians sweep like a whirlwind across the plains, fill the narrow streetB of the city and rhsh up the steep heights to storm the stropghold of the Infidels. On tbey come, and terrible is the shock as the glittering! battalions of Ferdinand and Isabella scale the walls and massacre the dark-skinned Moslems with the cruel hatred of religious fanaticism. The air is filled with flashing lances and waving banners, and sparks fly around as the curved scimitars clash against the ponderous long swords, and shields are split and emblazons dyed with blood, and as the turbaued followers of tbe Crescent shout frantically to Allah and Mohammed, the bold warriors of tbe Cioss call loudly upon God and the Virgin. I rush through the Court of Lions, and Ibu-ben-Obedah "swarms" on as if pursued by a thousand fiends, but the place is crowded with frantic Mamelnkes, and one of them takiDg Ben Obedah for a Christian renegade thrusts bis long lance through his ribs; but instead of a stream of blood issuing from the gaping wound I notice that a ooil ot stale tobacco smoke belches out, and then I see my haughty Monaco-Spanish - guide collapse like a soap bubble, I battle my way through the shouting, raging, crowd, knock over a host of Nnbian slaves and half a dozen dervishes, but the latter only cry out "Allah! Allah ! and then, bounding up like inldiaruuber balls, spin round with marvellous velocity. I collide with Boabdil in the Court of the Abencerrages, and he requests me to give him a lift up to the roof so as to hide himself in the little niche where the, inscription above says "There is no Deity but Allah," but 1 intimate that no individual Bhort of the Colossus of Rhodes could perform so Herculean a task, and then bidding him follow me I let him out through a small door beneath the tower of tne "Seven Lights," and he flees across the Vega shedding big tears, each as large as the Kohinoor at the top of his splendid palace. The courts of the Alnambra are now red and slippeiy with blood, and the waters of the fountain mingling with the crimson fluid flows over the marble floors like miniature rivers of Malaga wine. Big heaps of slaughtered Moslems lie scattered around, and I can hear the loud shoutings of the Christian knights as they cleave their way with sword and habbard through the halls. I bound over the heaps of slam and splash through the pools of sore in order to reach the entrance of the palace to see whether the cabalistic hand will grasp the mystic key, and careering wildly through the Court or the Fish Fond where Moors and Christians are mangling one another with the ferocity of incarnate fiends I perform a strategic move ment by scaling a high wall: but just as I alight on the other side a Moorish warrior riding full tilt at me from beneath the yawn ing portals of the Gate of Justice gives me a ! tremendous thwack over the head with a < curved scimitar, and an I fall heavily on my back and the blood gushes out in the form of a miniature fountain from my wounded scalp j my eyes wander upwards to the tower of the J Vela, where I behold the Spanish General Meridozn waving the flag of Leon and Castile, and shouting out the memorable words " Thanks be to God ! Granada — proud Granada—is taken!" At this moment I awake in a cold sweat to find "that 1 too, like Ibu-ben- Obedah, overcome by fatigue, had fallen asleep in the marble alcove of the House of Ambassadors, and that my nightmare had been occasioned by Bwallowing the stifling fumes emitted by ■ my guide from the stale end of his Havanna cigar. 