GENEIIAL NEWS. The man Payton, who was committed for trial at Sydney on Thursday is one of the gang who stuck up and murdered one of the escort 17 years ago. The crime is known as the Bargo Brush murder. .Payton was only released 18 months ago. His accomplice, Gordon, is one of the cleverest criminals in the colony, and twice broke out of gaol at J]errima and Goulbourn. The amended regulations issued by the Victorian Steam Navigation Board will iot come into force until the 1st of November next. Candidates for masters', mates' aid cilgineers' certificates of com petency will in future be required to pass examinations under the new rules and regulations, the issue of which had been postponed owing to the delay in the Government Printing Office. An extraordinary escape from the Albury Gaol was made on Friday by a man named Michael Noonan, who was convicted at the last court of quarter sessions, and sentenced to two years' imprisonment. He climbed the gaol wall whilst in the exercise yard, and gained the outer wall by means of some spikes. Noonan then jumped 30 feet on to the road, and got clear away. His absence was not noticed for some hours, when an active search was at once instituted, but so far unavailingly. According to the Southern Cross, ar rangements are being made for a Chris tian conference to be held in the Fit.roy Townn-hall during the first week of October. This is an effort on the part of the Ministers of East Melbourne, Collingwood, Fitzroy and Carlton to have local gatherings similar to those held recently in the Russell-street hall. The Revs. H. M\acartney, H. Langley and others from beyond these districts will assist. The subject of conference will be " The fullness of the Holy (Ghost," and an appeal will be made to all the congregations to give up their week-evening meetings during the cnn ferencsee week, so that all may join in the united services. William Bird, police constable, was brought before the Water Police Court Sydney on Friday on a charge of assaul ting Mrs. Catherine Bergin, wife of a former licensee of the Ship Hotel, Sussex street. The defendant when not in uni fiorm, entered the public-house on Sunday morning, August 27, and asked to be supplied with some liquor. Mrs. Ber gin refused to supply him, and ordered Ihim out, and as lie was slow in complying, she opened the door, with the view, she said, of calling for a constable. Tle defendant said he was a constable, anid struck the conmplainant with his fist. IHe was fined £2 and costs. The iWe'stern llMorinig?t Nces of July 29, brought by the Cuzco, contains the following account of a serious railway arcident which occurred on the 28thl: A serious accident occurred last night on the Great Eastern railway, near Stren thla,, owing to a balance weight leaving thie up train just as the down express was approaching. The latter passed over the weight, a!y Iing Ile engine and front part of thi,. trai to leave the line and get across the up metals. The clh gine plunged into a dyke and turned over. The driver was seriously hurt, and the front part of the train was totally wrecked, but the other carriages were left standing. Six adult passen gers and two infants were injured, two seriously, but no one was killed. The injured were taken to the hospital. Those who had sustained minor hurts, and the uninjured, proceeded to their destinations by special trains. Amongst the injured are three of the railway servants, viz., the enginedriver, a guard named Fish, and a travelling inspector named Harris. The others were passengers. Among the more seriously injured were General 3rertoen, who had both legs fractured; Canon Brereton, dislocated shoulder; Mr. Percy Halls, internal injuries ; Mlr. Cushey, chemist, WValthamstow, internal injuries, and his wife both legs broken.: and Mr. T. S. Stevenson, of Cleichd warton, near King's Lynn, whose in juries are of a serious character. It has been arranged that the trial of P. A. C. O'Farroll, on the charge of shooting at Archbishop Goold, shall be commenced to-day in the Central Criminal Court. A Queonseliff telegram states that the barque Sarah Ann took the ground on the west bank of the West channel, about in a line with No. 7 bunoy, on Friday evening. She was still ashore at dusk, and probably will not be got afloat without some diffi culty. Constable Wallace,stationed at Bethanga, met with a serious accident last Wednesday while riding a notoriously fractious horse. He was thrown against a fence, and broke his leg. He remained alone for some time until discovered by a passer-by, when he was brought into the township. A fatal accident happened at Drumanuro on Wednesday evening. A farmer named Cannam was rolling in one of his paddocks; when the horses took fright, and bolting throw the unfortunate man off his seat, the roller passing over him. He was severely injured, and lingered till Thursday morn ing, when he expired. The watorman's skiff which was recently etolen from Newcastle by a sailor named Thompson has been found by the police on the South beach, near the Clarence Heads. The boat was discovered broken up among the rocks, but no trace of Thompson was found, and it is considered probable that he was drowned whilst attempting to land. 