It is amusing to note in the columns of the Northern and Southern repre- sentatives of journalism in Tas- mania, the "jealousy and envy, hatred, malice, and all uncharitable- ness which characterises the dis- cussion of any subject in which Northern and Southern interests clash." Let Hobart claim anything as the property of the South, whose centre must of necessity be in Hobart, and straightway the Laun- ceston exponent of public opinion goes for the Southern organ. Let the reverse happen, and the Hobart journal is equally determined to point out as viciously as possible that Northern pretensions are to be deplored, that Hobart is the huh on which this Island of Tasmania re- volves. Launceston, of course, is all very well in its way, but when it comes to a question of really national importance, it must give way to Hobart. Hobart the gifted, the immaculate, and the infallible. If we are to draw any logical de- ductions from the perusal of the Southern paper, we must inevitably come to the conclusion that, Tas- mania is ruled by the1 sole represen- tative of journalism in the Metro- polis. (?) Ministers can be seated, or unseated; Ministers be elected or defeated; Ministers' proposed or rejected by the editorial wire puller in Macquarie-street. The Mercury not only indulges in prophecies, but plumes itself on their speedy fulfil- ment, and lays down a programme for the coming session of Parlia- ment,' while at the. same time warn- jttg: Ministers. that if they. incur. the. disple?urC of '.q.'jbuiwuHsbfeet . Sanhedrim, they 'are .'likely to see their supporters walk across in a solid body to' the Opposition,, Benches. The latest journalistic embroglio has taken place on the subject of the mining district of Mount Heemskirk. Hobart looks upon the district as pre-eminently Southern property. The Mercury has been at pains to point out that Hobart is the port for the district and no other. Emu Bay is out of the question, and as a matter of course, Launceston. "Codlin is the friend and not Short." Our Northern contemporary, in alluding to this matter, has apparently been at no particular trouble to discuss the question as to which is the most available port for the district— Launceston or Hohart. Perhaps thinking in the end it will be found that the scale will tur in favour of the north, it has been content to await events. It seems strange that having in view the news lately put forward by the Southern paper, our local contemporary should not have protested against the ideas contained in the Mercury as to the proposed route for the tramway between Mount Heemskirk and Macquarie Harbour. It is no use being blind to the fact that Hobart looks upon any Government that may happen to be in power, as a species of milch cow, and as long as a certain amount of golden trea- sury milk can he extracted from the political udder for the benefit of Hobart and the south, the rest of the colony might lie out in the cold. In an article not many weeks back we pointed out that the Mercury's ideas as to the desirability of making a tramway between Mount Heemskirk and Macquarie Harbour were open to grave objection. We stated at the time, and we have since seen no valid reason for changing our opinion that the true port for Heemskirk is Emu Bay, and that a tramway, if constructed, should run from Heemskirk to Bischoff, and there connect with the existing tramway between Mount Bischoff and Emu Bay. There may certainly be difficulties in the way of the connection ; but with a little conciliation and tact we see no reason why the affair shoud not be fait accompli. Had the daily journal of the north touched this question at the proper time, it would perhaps have attracted general attention that the tramway from Heemskirk to Macquarie Harbour, is a huge mistake. The quickest route for the transport of tin ore is by the direction we now for the second time advo- cate. After that by all means let a good road be constructed between Macquarie Harbor and Heemskirk. In connection with West Coast mining the Mercury publishes the following paragraph in its columns: —"At theclose of the proceedings at the meeting of the Tasmanian shareholders in the Montagu T. M. Co. on Friday, the gentlemen pre- sent considered a proposal made by the Hon. P. O. Fysh, with a view to the encouragement of the rapid development of the mineral re- sources of the West Coast. The Hon. P. O. Fysh moved— ' That the gentlemen present, together with any other mining proprietors willing to join them, form a deputa- tion to wait upon Government and request that a sum of £1000 be placed upon the estimates as a bonus for the first 100 tons of tin raised from any one mine on the West Coast.' Mr. James Robert- son thought the proposition an ad- mirable one, and seconded it with pleasure. This resolution was sup- ported by Mr. C. E. Featherstone, and carried unanimously. It was decided that the deputation wait upon Government one day next week, at the convenience of Minis- ters. Directors, managers of com- panies, and others in favour of the proposal, are requested to com- municate with the Hon. P. O. Fysh, it being desired that the deputa- tion should be numerous, influential, and thoroughly representative of the mining community," Now, with the sentiments contained in the above, we most heartily coincide. The idea is not new ; it has been tried in Tasniania and other colonies, and the results have in- variably proved successful. Holding this opinion, therefore, we are some- what astonished to see our local contemporary throwing cold water on the project, and after quoting the paragraph indulging in small witticisms and would-be facetious remarks concerning it. Here is a specimen of the way in which the Examiner advocates the West Coast mining interests : — " Let the 'influential deputation' not scruple to ask that every person who can produce a certificate of six months residence on the West Coast shall receive a land grant of £100, or else a pension for the rest of his life; also that masters of vessels shall receive a bonus of £1 for every ton of goods landed at or shipped from Macquarie or Trial Harbor." Now, we would ask our readers if they can by any possi- bility understand the value os such remarks. For our part we most certainly cannot, and we repeat that it would be well for the Northern and Southern dailies to forget all petty squabblings and jealousy, and unite to secure the welfare of the most prominent enterprise in Tasmania— "The Mining Industry." Emu Bay.— A correspondent writes :—There . waii-a'largqly httoiuiicf nibiitirig of ' tlio Gleam qf-'Htipo Lndgu -liist 1 -oYoliiriJj '( Juno1 'fi)U " It I pfi8H(j(lnfF vory plurwRUitly,.tli(i;progr'amino coii- (Ualuguua; songs, irccitatiuiiB,/ and' an' addresR by nipiiibo of tho Lodgo ; aftqr.wlijch thoVb'wns'rt coffdo supiiii 'wliicli Wfts.iiai'talcon of and! greatly 'cnjoyetl by 'Uioso i)rcsolfc;','>Tho, rccoipbaoftlm 'Dvoiung.cnmotbbOd.1 1 ( \- 1 ! 1 MiiipV/'H!.1 'IV oodh B,U lATli'oB-ionds of'tliis' 'gentllimaii -Will ba'glad't(>';lioar 'tliat uulvicon have boon l-ocoived from England statingitliat bo,liasi)nssod,.liia chief, .pfitouc's , oxainiimtion,' and., baa .boon, appointed to:, tlio,. Rookhui;st,' trading botwoon' Lonjlqii and Horig Kong.' Mr." Wiibdlioad w-iis a' Board 'iif ' Education "Exlii-. itionor, and'finishiid'liisi.educatidiiiat tlia'Gram- imdr Scliool, thon prooeoding toiLondon to-fol- lou- the sea. . ,- iiui, ; I: ; I I tRfcEonjr yVANTKD.— rObmplaints have rij'aclied, : us aaito, tho abom inabio stato i o£ the road/np-| mraaohiug . tlio-,,0|ntroh of, lEugland Burial .Ground. , It cannot sm-oly ,bo tpii much to nsk' thos'o u-liosodiity it is to seo 'to' tho matter "that" the state of affairs complained !of be' speedily, rectified. A few cart- loads of gravel judi- oiotlsly sprinkled over the pathways 'wonld go 'far towards remedy ing' tlio present 'state of tho approaches. Wo trust tho proper authorities, wh'oov6r;th6y may bo,' xvill.takb thd hint!. Marine .Board. — The Launceston Marine Bnardlmet! yesterday.- i/Tlioro wereUi>riwont : : — Tim Master Wurdon (Geo. Gilmoro, Esq.) ..Wardens proen, Barwood, Ditcbam, and Tnl- . loch. ' Atimites of previous1 iribeting' read faiid conflrinod. The prmeipal business transacted by tho'/ Board; ;was| )h; icoiiiiectibni with the' strandiug.o' tho, Eroneh Barque, Jules Mario, 1 Themastur .Warden' -in -tlio cmmie'" of liis ro- . marks stated tliat lie, eonsidorod this was one of tlioso acoiddnts which, chiilil not ho avoided'; nndlit must, bo .remembered, it.wns a foreign vessel and not iv sailor > off < board coiilU npquk English,1 and- tlio -Board imisti - sod tlie diflloidty of navigating, tlio renclies in tlio- 1 l-iver,! and thu necessity of-tliu sailprs understanding instrno- . turns, - for .thu .difficulty, was, groat euoiigli-in any caso.' TliiH point sliould bir' takeii into obn- sideratinn, nnd lib 'liad" ordered .tlio1 pilots, when! any foreign -vessel arrived, !to 'cbhmiiilii- cnte witli town for the tug, and have : tli'6 vessel ,,Ro had nicntiqncdithis to tlio;eap- tain of tlio Julds, "Mario, ,vvho, said., if lie liad knoivuiof it hp vvdnld liayo got tho tug1. Tho difference/ bet'weoii the i towage i aiid ' pilotage was only some - £17; and- for -the sake /of this amount it.wns/ not right that the safety ofa vessel' should be risked. l'ilut Bcgent, who was' ill" attendance, '.' was, then 'callod.in, aud Gaptain Ditch'am put 'several question's to him, when Captain Bnrwiuid iiibvcd that tlib'Bnnrd, aftoi-invoatigating tliuciroumstsncus attending the stranding jof i the . bark i < Jules , , Mario on , Reed's Rock's, liiver .Tninar,: .exonerate, .Pilot Bcgent from all blauio. " Thip was secqiided by Captain Ditcliain. ' Tlio. Master - War'dun, in putting the motion, referred to 'tho difficulty of .navigating tlie, rivor, and repeated -liis .formor arguments: The motion was th'oii carried. Some other miscellaneous .business was trims-: acted and several iiccolmts pitssed for payment after which tlie Board' inso. THEyoi.UNTjEEirAnTIU.EHY/B.U/r/.-T-Yestor-. day morning wo could sue tliat sorsotliing lm-j usual was going on in tlie Cornwall Assembly Rooms','' imd i 'on/ making"- oiidiiiiios1 ' were iii- formod prenurations wore nearly completed for tho annual: bnllj!> given -'I by j Captaihl G; T.- iGqllinSjii to . ,tho, lyoluntoor -Ai'tillo'vy,-, -/Tlio; twonty-seeoud annivoi-sary of the. corps, .was: thus celobmted yesterday evening. 1- lowers, ferns, and flags j rifles, sword bayonets, and wreaths of flowers in tasteful combination made a splendid coup d'oeil on ontoring tho largo1 dancing ;rqom. _ At tlio uxtreme end woro draped on each side "tlio flag that lms braved a thousand; yoarsitlje battle, and tliobrcozo,'! each surmounted by a military "trophy of swprd bayonets ; set .111,11 circle . . The , cpluimis siip- portmg the niches woro do'obfatud with forns, j encli column containing two rifles with sword: u,.j,,nuto urusnuu, auu uuiuiug on 611011- doiitli-dealilig muzzles a itastefully arranged ' wreath of, flowers and ferns. . The walls ,woru also decoi-ated at intervals with appropriate mottos, the' largest, bbiiig'at.thb.oiid between the two flags'.")' This! 'bud, bcirci iff ' largo letters the initials L.V.A'y u'lideinootli being tlio; motto, Dacns ct Tntamcn. From tlio roadway : to tho door of the hall an awuiug bad been erected, and matting laid down for tlio guests: to walk on. It is noedlcss to say tliat the slipper 1 was in every way a success, that " goes without ' saying!" vylion.'-wo 'statoitlmt Mi-srFalioy liad ! tlio management of tho viands and wines. | Twenty-font-, dances , wore ill tlio piograinmo, ;and after .tho twolfth'h'ad been djui'ccd iui'iid- jnm-nmunt was made' to tho suiqior room'.1 1 'TJ10 usual loyal toasts .wore', givoiil and heartily res ponded to, after which Lieutenant G. Harrap. proposed tlie/ popular givor of tho entertain ment 111 suitable 'terms, and Captain G. T. Collins feelingly responded, and pro|iosci I tlio ' health _.of .Major Harrap and Captain Roid, two ofliccrs now 011 tlio rotirod list of tlio corps, : to vyhum in a- great pleasure; the .existence iof the corps at the' pros'o'nt day is 'duo. ' Major Harrap and. Captain Roid responded;., arid uftor the toast of the. '.' Ladies"— rlnst'-but.by 110 moans loost— -liad beeir IibnorOd'as micli a toast should be, dancing, was renowed, and kept- up with Vigor1 until 2-30 h;iri.,i wliori I the ghosts dispersed, after vowing to mark tho evening in thoir calendar with a white Htpilo. 