LITERATURE. THE AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF HECTOR BERLIOZ. [Second Notice.] The time spent by Berlioz in Rome was not prolific in musical works. "First, an Overture to Rob Roy, long and diffuse," he says, going over the scanty lisb, with that candid self-criticism so characteristic of him. " Second, ' The Seine aux Champs' of my Symphonie Fantastique, which I wrote .almost entirely when wandering in the Villa Borghese. Third, 'The Chant de Bonheur' of my monodrame 'Lelio,' which I dreamt, rocked by my intimate enemy, the south wind, in the tall and bushy box-tree of our classic garden. Fourth, The melody called 'Le Captive,' of which, when composing it, I was far from anticipating the fortune." Besides this Berlioz, when writing to a friend, alludes to some concerted vocal pieces, among them a chorus to words by Moore, with accompani ment for seven wind instruments, " composed at Rome, one day when I was dying of spleen," he says "and entitled 'Psalmody for those who have suffered much, and whose .soul is sad nearly unto death.'" Apropos of the monodrame " Lelio," Berlioz tells a story too good to be passed over. The word con tains a chorus of ghosts with works perfectly unmeaning, and like those in the finale of " Faust" invented for the occasion. The text of this chorus was written in an unknown tongue the language of the dead, incompre hensible to the living. When seeking per mission to print from the Papal Censor, the meaning of the words sung by the ghosts greatly embarrassed the officials. What was the language, and what did the strange words signify? They called in a German, who declared that he could make nothing of them; an Englishman was not more successful, and Danish, Swedish, Russian, Spanish, Irish, and Bohemian interpreters alike failed. The office of the Censor was horribly embarrassed. Meanwhile, leave to print could not be given, .and the publication remained suspended. At last one of the Censors, after profound reflec tion, hit upon an idea, the justice of which all his colleagues admitted. "Since the various interpreters cannot divine this mysterious language, it is likely enough that the Roman people will not understand it either. It appears that we can authorize the impression ^without danger to morality or religion." The comicality of this is equalled by another experience at Nice, where Berlioz had upon one occasion attracted the attention of the police, before whom he was at last summoned. "Whatfare you doing here, Sir?" asked Bumble sternly. "I am recovering from a cruel malady" (the musician had been crossed in love). " I compose, I dream, I thank God for making auch a bright sun, such a beautiful sea, and such verdant hills." " You are not a painter ?" " No, Sir," answered Berlioz meekly. "But you are seen everywhere with an album in your hand, and drawing a good deal. Are you engaged in collecting plans?" " Yes. I' collect' the plan of an overture to 'King Lear.' That is to say, I have collected it, for the design and instrumenta tion are finished. I even think that the entree of it will be formidable." " What do you mean by the entrie ? Who is this King Lear?" asked the official with .gloomy suspicion. " Alas, Sir, a good old King of England." " Of England ?" repeated Bumble incredu lously. "Yes," replied Berlioz simply, "he flourished, according to Shakespeare, about eighteen hundred years ago, and was weak enough to divide his kingdom between two wicked daughters, who showed him to the door when he had no more to give. You see there are so few kings" " Don't speak of the king. What do you mean by that word instrumentation?" " It's a musical term." " Always that pretext. I know very well, 'Sir, that people do not compose music with out a piano, and Lonly with an album and pencil while walking stealthily along the shore. Therefore "if you will tell me where you are going you shall have your passport. You cannot any longer stop here." " Well, then, I will-go to Rome, and still compose without a piano with your permis sion," replied the composer; with mock humility. AmongBerlioz's fellow-students at Rome (all musicians, sculptors, architects, or painters) were Horace Vernet, Liszt, and Mendelssohn. Speaking of the latter the musician said :— " Mendelsshon is one of those candid souls so rarely met with ; he believes firmly in his Lutheran religion, and I greatly scandalize liim sometimes by laughing at the Bible. To him I owe the only supportable moments I enjoyed during my stay in Rome." In the autumn of 1832 Berlioz went to Paris for the purpose of producing his " Lelio" and the Symphonie Fantastique," and in the sum mer of next year he married a Miss Smithson, -an English actress, to whom he had been at tached for some years. He had seen her for the first time as Ophelia five years previously; had fallen desperately in love, and wrote letters to her in such extravagant terms of adoration that she was terrified, and gave his suit no encouragement. He wandered about " as if in quest of his soul," as he puts it, and got no rest for some time but when he was in capable of waking. Now coming back to Paris four years after this stormy episode in his life a " secret impulse" made him look for lodgings in the house in which Miss Smith son had reeided. He. found accommodation in this house and then said to the domestic in charge, " What has become of Miss Smith son ? Have you any news of her!" " Why, Sir, she is in Paris, she even lodged here a few days ago, and the day before yesterday left the apartment you now occupy for one in the Rue de Rivoli. She is the directress of Siii English theatre which opens its doors next week." "I remained mute and palpitating," says Berlioz, " at the news of this incredible chance, and this concurrence of fatal circum stances. I then saw that for me no longer straggle was possible. For two years I was without news of the fair Ophelia. I knew not if she were in England, Scotland, or America, and I arrived from Italy at the moment when, returning from the. north of Europe, she re appeared in Paris. And we had nearly met in the same house, and I occupied an apart ment which she had just quitted." The next day Berlioz visited Miss Smithson, and this time he was successful in winning her affections. But her enterprise went from bad to worse, till at last the theatre closed, leaving Miss Smithson hopelessly in debt, and to crown all, in stepping from her carri age to the pavement she slipped and broke her leg. "Finally," says Berlioz, "in the summer of 1833, Henrietta Smithson being rained, and but half cured, I married her, despite the violent opposition of her family, and after having been my self obliged to resort to extremities with my parents. The day of our marriage she had nothing in the world but debts, and the dread that her accident had disabled her from playing again. On my part I had only 300 francs, lent me by my friend Gounet, and I was once more out of favour at home." Shortly afterwards Berlioz accepted an engagement to write on musical subjects for the Journal des Debate, and demonstrated that he was not only a born composer but a born writer as well. His style was extreirely good, his gift of expression at once forcible, vivacious, and unaffected, an<* ye' re" ceiled from the task, and professed that the announcement of a first performance re quiring his attendance and notice made him ill. " This task," he says, " always renewing itself, poisoned my life. However, apart from the pecuniary fmeans it brought me— means I could not afford to sacrifice—it was almost impossible for me to give it up under pain of being helpless in presence of the furious and nearly countless hatreds it had roused agaiust me. For the Press in a certain connection is more precious than the lance of Achilles; not only does it cure at times the wounds which it has made, but again it acts as a defence to those who serve it. However, to what miserable shifts am I not driven !— what circumlocution in order to avoid telling the truth!—what concessions made to social lelations, and even to public opinion! What rage repressed ! — what shame swallowed! And they find me passionate, wicked, con temptible ! Ah! cads who treat me thus, if I were to speak my full mind, you would see that the bed of nettles upon which you say that I stretch you, is a bed of roses compared with the grill whereon you would frizzle. ... I must do myself the justice to say that on no account whatever have I withheld the fullest expression of esteem, admiration, or enthusiasm for works and for men who have inspired me with those feelings. I have warmly praised men have who done me iiyury, and with whom I have ceased to have per sonal relations. Indeed,; the only compensa tion that the Press has afforded me for much suffering has been the way opened for my sympathy with the grand, the true, and the beautiful, wherever I have found them. It appears to me sweet to praise a talented enemy, and, besides, it is a duty which an honest man should be proud to discharge, just the same as a misleading word, written in favour of a friend without ability, should cause pain. In both cases, however, as all critics know, the man who hates you, furious at the merit that you seem to acquire by publicly and warmly praising him, hates you the more; and the man who loves you, always discontented with the credit you have painfully given him, loves you less." There is no doubt that in the Gazette Musicale, as well as in the Debate, Berlioz hit out at his opponents with all the strength of his arm, but there can be as little doubt that many of his enemieB richly deserved all that he could give them. It was in the December of 1838 that Berlioz gave two concerts at the Conserva toire, of which the first no more than covered its expenses. At the second the master gave his two symphonies, the " Fantastique," and "Harold." Paganini was present, and at the close of the performance, accom panied by his son Achille, went to Berlioz, who thus describes the scene :—" In conse quence of an affection of the larynx, which ultimately killed him, Paganini had entirely lost his voice, and only his son when in a place perfectly silent could hear or perhaps gueBS at his words. He made a sign to the boy, who mounting on a chair placed his ear to his father's mouth and listened attentively. Presently Achille got down and turned towards me, ' my father,' he said, ' desires me to assure you, Sir, that in all his life he has never received an impression from any concert as from this; that your music has quite upset him, and that he cannot resist throwing himself at your knees to thank you.' At these strange words I made a gesture of incredulity and confusion, but Paganini took me by the arm and mustering all his voice said ' yes, yes,' drew me into the room where many of my musicians still were, went down on his knee and kissed my hand. A few days afterwards Achille Paganini came with a letter for Berlioz, which he was about to unseal when the boy said:—'There is no answer needed; my father told me you should read it when you were alone.' The boy hurried away, and Berlioz read the letter:—' My dear Friend— Beethoven dead, only Berlioz is able to make liim live again, and I who have tasted your divine compositions, worthy of a genius such as you. I believe it my duty to beg your kind acceptance as homage on my part of twenty-thousand francs, which will be paid on presentation of the enclosed. Believe me always your affectionate, Nicolo Paganini." With the aid of the noble gift thus nobly given Berlioz paid his debts, and went instantly to work on his* " Borneo et Juliette," one of his finest efforts, and which he composed in seven months and dedicated to the great master whose aid and encouragement had so materially assisted the composer. Next year he wrote the greatest of his works the " Symphonie Funfcbre" a " gigantic structure in. sounds" in which Spontini saw so much of Michael Angelo that he maintained it could only have been written by a man familiar with the Sistine frescoes. This was written in 1840, and in the same year he gave some concerts at Brussels, and subsequently went to Germany, where he was received with the most pro found admiration and enthusiasm. Royal personages everywhere vied with each other in conferring distinctions on him. In Paris alone among all the capitals of Europe he was while living received with coldness and even with hissing. The work of his old age, " Troyens a Carthage" which he brought out in 1863, was assailed on all sides, mutilated and grievously misrepresented. He had counted on a long and prosperous career for the work, bnt it had to be withdrawn after a run of only twenty-five nights. Soon after this defeat we find him writing:—"I am in my sixty-first year; I have no hopes, no illusions, and no big thoughts; my son is almost always abroad; I am alone in the world; my disdain for the dishonesty and Btupidity of mankind, my hate of their atrocious ferocity are at their height; and not an hour goes by but hears me bidding death remember that I am ready for him when he wilL" Fire years after he wrote this Hector Berlioz, wifeless and childless, sad and solitary, closed his eyes for ever on the " ways of life wherein we toiling tread." 