TURF GOSSIP. Bx Falcoh. Our attention is this week directed to the April meeting of the Victoria Amateur Turf Olub, and as thero is nothing in tho field to run counter to it, and as the programme - is an excellent one, there is little doubt that tho attendance will bo large. The programme -would seem to have met with the ap proval of owners and trainers, as they assisted to make what is really a splendid entry. Each and ,boasts of plenty of auality also, so that the rac ing is certain to be satisfactory, and this is gener ally sufficient to bring the public. The Hurdlo .Race contains the names of some excellent horses, many of whom have surrounded their names with brackets, and when they meet, as they will do to day,;it will bo a hard fight between them. Handy Andy, Bed Hover, Albyn.and Eros are all good horses over this distance of ground, although tho weight ou the last named might tend to slow him. Tho distance and weight both. favor President, who I should fancy if I could trust his condition, which, however, I doubt. Monitor is a very dan gerous horse, and Black Prince, Charcoal and British lion arc all up to their eyes in it. Still, if ho was well, I think the palm would bo awarded to Bed Bovcr, who, in the spring won his races pretty easily, and from end to end ; and who shall say that a few pounds will stop him ? It ib a very nicely adjusted handicap, and most diffioult to pick, Tho Glen Huutly Handi cap is but a milo and a furlong, and at this dis tance Mulatto is a hnrd horse to beat. Moreover he is so well up to weight If Tanglo can stay slia too ought to be a very dangerous filly. Slio has all the pace that is requisite, and must be wall up to 6 st. 11 lb. ; and Verdure looks to havo an inside chance, althongh I cannot disguise from myself tho wretched company Bhe met on 7th January, when bIio defeated Cora, Bruno, Glad Tidings and Queen Elizabeth ; nevertheless 'sho may havo paco enough if tho journey be not too long. Hespite can carry tho weight, and will beat more than, will beat him. Tho Steeplechase should lay between tha four top. weights and Cruiser. Hector is a pretty good horse, and if nonethe worse for his journey from the far West should bo hard to beat. He baa, to. nin in the ?Western district, wolk'2Q miles to a station, and eventually linger all night in a train from Hamil. ton to Melbourne, where ho will land tho day of tho race. This may make him the: reveraa'of anxious for. tho. fray, and enable Cruieer to beat him. ,I£ anybody-can bo found to rido him thp weight properly, I fancy that i Charcoal should land the ?Welter Handicap, j very nearly emittml the first race, tbo Selling' Haee, which shooldlie between Hespite and tho Ghost. Both; horses have a great reduction in their weights, antl tinder the burdens they will travel are fast horses; His Excellency tho Governor has. signified his intention of honoring tha V.A.T.C races with his presence, to day. There was not as large an attendance at Wynd ham on Saturday as might havo been expootcd, and many of those who did go were there oat of compliment to Mr. Thomas Chirnside, who is so soon to take his leave of us again for tho old country. Mr. Chirnside has done so much for tho Wyndham Club that it would indeed bo strange: if he had not a goodly company to meet, and so actuated by a duty many wont there to say goodbye. Tho colonies generally lose an ex cellent sportsman in Mr. Chirnsido. As a breeder, buyer, owner of raco horses, supporter of hounds, harriers and coursing, it is all ono to him. Ho is always ready and willing to pro mote any or all. Never botting, ho is suf ficiently repaid in seeing bis favorits crosses successful, and in memory for pedigrees ho ha3 few equals. We wish Mr. Ohirnsido a pleasant trip, and a speedy return. The Maiden Plate at Wyndham was won by Eric, Rebecca being only beaten a head } Nnlta was made tho favorito, but ran off tho course Handy Andy and Sir Joseph wero made tho favorites for tho Ham bourino Handicap, but tho winner rather unex pectedly turned up in Boatman, who secured tho prize from Handy Andy without much troublo. Tnus the handsome clarot jug nnd cups have become the property of Mr. ltobert Chirnside. V&n; Troinp was a trifle too good for those opposed to him in tho Hurdle Race, and Napoleon got second. Handy Andy vros mado tho favonto again in the Grand Stand Handicap, but just got done by Tide- by a bare head : and Sally took the Galloway Handicap, after which a rush was raado for tho special, which conveyed tho passengers back to town again. A very ordinary lot of horses put in an ap pearance at Echuca, and somohow the fields were small. King gave way to Maori in the Maiden Plate, and WildDayrell disposed of Lilydolo in the Millewa' Stakes. Taree was thought to be a good thing for the Ecbuea Handicap, but had to suc cumb to Native Jack, although receiving 20 lb. in weight ; Zambesi and Sundown also cot done. Then Deceiver upset Tipperary Boy. That over rated mare, Marie, won the flying Stakes, and Yarree turned the tables on Native Jack in the Town Plate. So positifcied as Echuca is, one is disposed to think that it Bionld command better racing than they had at this mooting. Tho Sydney Turf Club held another meeting on Saturday last on the Randwick course. jLnf&t; took'tho Hurdlo Eace, and Stella toe April Han dicap : Vestal the Juvenile Stakes, and Bob Saw yer the Selling Plata Blacknll again was returned the winner of tho Steeplechase ; and Qucensberry of tho Autumn Handicap. Complaints are daily mado at the office o{ tho Victoria Racing Club as to the manner in which information is sent in to the Racing Calendar. With few exceptions secretaries take little or no trouble to compile proper rctnim They are sent in anyhow, and frequently, in such ridiculous forms that it is impossible to make head or tail of them, and the directions given are seldom attended to. This makes the compiling of this little paper anything but a thing of pleasure. An advertisement appears in Thfl Leado' cautioning ownere of racehorses against nominat ing their horses nt country meetings which do not advertise, in the Victoria Racing Calendar, as aunljficd for ever and a day from running on the Flomington course, or any course where the V.B.C. rules are in force. Soiao of the country secretaries ore so earnest in their desire to secure nominations that they haTe a diligent method of sending in their programmes a fortnight or month after their meeting lias taken place. And it is not too much to say that by this act they expect to enjoy all tlio rights Jind privileges, us though they had forwarded them a month before thoir meet ings. Wo do not expect all tlio intricacies of the rule!; to be at once embraced or understood. But this is going rather too far. The secretary of tho V.A.T.C. bns intimated to us that as the conditions of tho 'Juvenile Stake.' advortiscd in our column! lost week to be run at Canlfield on Boxing day. is said to bo contrary to the rules of tho Victoria Racing Club, that the said programme is withdrawn, and that tho one. headed 'A Juvenilo Stake' ia this week's issiio of the sporting papers will take its place, and that nominations which close on Mon. day, 6th June, will have to be made under tho conditions contained in The Lcudcr and other snorting papers of thiB, the 29th inst. Wo may add that, notwithstanding tho wording of the 'race is different, the race practically remains what it was before. Therefore it can make no, possible difference to tho nomination. The South Australian meeting commences this day week, and is likely to attract a good deal oS attention here. A great many persons are going over by a boat that . is to leave the middle of next week, and, which will be in ample time for tha races there. Several stables havo sent or aro sending horses ovor. Amongst those' which will take part in the fray 1 may mon tion Commotion, ; The Czar, Pollio, Euclid, Eoyal Maid, Mistaken, Hereford Bay and Tre vallyn. Rainbow nnd perhaps Belladrum. To these I think may be added Cremorno and Re sult. Should tho weather bo fine there will ba BUU1U gUVU 1UWII&J; uuu in is bU UU UUIJttU LUUl fiUU club may bo' thus favored, for tho course is not a nice one in wot weather. On Monday next nominations will bo received for the Warrnambool wintor steeplechase Beason, when let us hope all owners of cross-country horses will not, fail to respond to thocalL Owners were for a long time indebted to the Warrnambool Racing Club for the best and richest prize of tho season, and they should now unite to assist in keopingthe old club afloat. Thero are two Hurdle Races to be nominated for, a Handicap Flat Race^ and tho Warrnambool Steeplechase. Tho clnb is, I am glad to say. boing brought nearer to us by the aid of the iron horse than it used to be, although how much it will facilitate matters on the present occasion I will not say. It is stated that the Victorian Trotting Club will hold another day, 3rd June, at Elsternwick. Kensington Park will again bo in the field Monday, 1st May. Spinningdalo and Primrose have arrived hero to bo turned out for a spell. They ore said to be all to pieces and require a rest. Messrs. W- O. Yuillo and Co. are anxious to get on with' their second edition of the Austra lian Stud Book, and overybody conversant with sporting readily admits its necessity. But, alas ! it is tho old story. Breeders cannot bo induced to tano iud trouoie to senu in their returns. The other day I'was shown a long list of names of breeders from. whom no returns could be got, al though -written to constant jy, and begged to give; an hour or \yro to the compiling of tho same. It is all to no purpose; week after week is per. mitted to pass by, and etilt tboy come not, and; Mr. Yuillc ii beginning to despair of receiving theni at all, anC tho book will in all . probability come out without them. It is, impossible to find a term .wherewith to express one's indignation at this, apatby and dilatprincss ; and we aro de prived ovenof the satisfaction that they ftlonowiU bo ' Buffcrore. Were it so it would be easy to reconcile tlie situation ; but it is otherwise, and! numbers, aro. pnt to :Hoat inconvenience, when horses cannot be traCoa to tho Stud Book., Wo may, however, toll these ?breeders -who willingly sendin their returns that there ia always a sus picion about a bone that cannot ba found in the StudBooft, and it is. only when such horfees are under offer of sale that tho troublo is really .recogmsedv - ? . ? , . -t '? ' i -' .Since the licensing, of bookmakers is a fact, and as tho rulo cornea into operation immediately, it is high time tnat those bookmakers who wish to enjoy the privilege of botting within the pad dock of the Viotoria Ha-5inc. Club should send in their names, as thoro will not bo moro than two meetings of committeo between tho present date and tnat on which tho Grand National Steeplechases are held. Those of the ring who aro leaving for Adelaide stand in need of a special reminder, otherwise they may make application when it is toolato to commence poncillingdown the names of the public on, the great steeplechase day. The small fry, as tho members of Bowes's room are termed by their wealthy and opulent supe riors, should be especially careful not to lot the opportunity slip, for there has been a hard war waging for thoir extermination, and thoir total exclusion would in some places be regarded as a happy circumstance. .As we havo uofore pointed out, thoro are roony good inon nnd true connected. with tho Bmallerclub who equally enjoy the confidence of the public with thoir largor brethren, and wo have yet to learu that the only degree of respectability can bo obtained by belonging to tho Victorian botting room. The secretary of .tho Victoria Amateur Turf Club informs me that a novel raco is likely to form a portion of the July programme, to bo run on Separation day. It 13 to bo a' raco wherein all the horses are to he nominated by ladies. Tho nominator of the winning horse is to take tho first prize, which, will possibly tako the form of a diamond bracolet, value- about 100 soys. Tho lady who nominates tbo second horse will receivo a pair of gold bangles, and tho third a handsome fan. In order to lessen the difficulty of obtaining horses the distance is to bo six furlongs, while the nomination fee will bo kept at ono sovereign. The intention has already got wind in fashion able circles, and rumor says all .tbo ladies want horses, which is . tho - duty of husbands, present and future,' to provide. Tho hus band's sharo will, bo all honor and glory. Ho will be permitted to find the nomination money, pay the jockey,, on* for- his profit is there not the ring? Surely this is enough. Ladles, assert your prerogative. What ia your husband's, hero . in Australia, is yours. The' horses aro yours, and the jockeys engaged and retained by your hus bands ore yours. It thoreforo only now becomes necccssary to make tbo bracelet, bancles and fan yours also. Woo shall say to what a race liko this may lead, and how man)' such may lay con cealed in the future Racing will meet the ap proval of the fair sex as it never before has dono. Husbands may emile. as they look on, they will over moro bo licensed by their partners to keep racehorses. And tho. losses of a season will be overlooked and forgotten by tho lady who is able to peer through the gems of tho bracelet. It is said tfiat several ladies of the other colonies are dfltflrmlftftf! to nftmmntft. ... ? The secretary of the Victorian Trotting Club informs mo that thostowords have finally decided that first money in the Stallion Race, run on the 1st April, shall bo paid to Startle ; and Vermont, jun., is to receive tho second money. Rainbow arrived from Sydney on Monday and at once proceeded to Adelaide. Mr. Lang has taken Pollio toBrigbton, butii to answers tho questions put to him satisfactorily ho will proceed to Adolaido next week. On account of th'o death of a brother of Sir Thomas Elder's, all his hones have been scratched forthc S.A.J.C. meeting. The entries for Portland are hold to be satis factory. There are sixteen in the Hurdlo Race, and one in excess of that number in the principal Handicap Raco, with a dozen in the Bay Handi cap. The weights are due ou 2nd May. On account of tho desire on the part of several sportsmen to witness the days racing at Caulficld to-day, Messrs. M'Meckan, Blackwood and Co. have kindly consented to dolay the departure of their steamer, tho South Australian, for Ade laide, until seven o'clock this evoning. Mr. GriffinpurohasedNos.'l and 2 lioothsattho Caulficld races for £30, and tho luncheon booth for £10. Mr. Straeker got tho booth on the flat for £3 ; and Mr, D. Bobiuson the outer carriage paddock for £2 103. Mr. A. 8. Chirnside disposed of Plouchboy to Dr. Pinnoek for 125 guineas, and has sinco sold Ajax to Mr. Joseph Clarko for 200, guineas. Mr. W. Branch is now the owner of Hereford Bay, having purchased him in Sydney for £472 10s. Santa Claus has gono into Mr. Philip Dow ling's stable. The little light-weight rider, St. Albans, who met with an accident at tho Sydney races, has/re turned, and is getting on famously. It is not expected that Seuundus will again bo seen on the turf. His jaw is said to bo frac tured, besides other injuries. Penshurst races will be held on Thursday, 11th May. Thoro will bo a Maiden Plato, 15 sovs. ; Hurdle Race, 25 sovs. ; Penshurst Cup, 35 sovs. ; Selling Hurdle Race, 15 sots. ; Handicap Flutter, 15 S0V8. ? :?:.-? Kew races aro to tako place 20th May. In another column will bo found the accept ances for Coleraine. - Sir. D. S. Wallaco's purchases of young stock when in Sydney havo arrived at their sUblcs at Caulfield, Mr. W. C. Yuille has disposed of Fraternilo, by Marquis from Egalite, to Mr. A; K. Finlay, of Glcnormiston. ''.',. We aro informed that Mr. Whittingltam's well known stud of racehorses wilt be sold on Tuesday next at Kirk's Bazaar. The sale is in Mr. Yuille's hands. ??'??', 