The late William forster, MP. Early on Monday the news spread about Sydney that Mr. Forster was dead. He had been in bad health for some time, and recently underwent an examination at the hands of a medical man, who as far as we can gather disclosed nothing alarming. On Thursday week he complained to a brother M.P. of severe pains in tho chest, and was more or loss unwell till Sunday, when ho ex pressed himself as feeling much bettor. But during Monday morning the startling nows reached the city that he had died suddenly at about 4 o'clock a.m. at his residence, Hazlemer, Edgecliff-road, Woollahra. The cause of death was disease of the hoart. Mr. Forstor had been twice married, and leaves a family by each wife, whose grief at the bereavement will be very generally shared by the people of New South Wales. On Tuesday the Legislativo Assembly adjourned out of respect to his memory Deceased was a native of Madras, his parents were English, and he was born in the year 1818. He arrived in the colony when ll years of age, and became a pupil of that distinguished scholar and teacher, the late W. T. Cape. His fondness for litorature was manifested at a very early age, and his talents as a writer were soon developed. While yet a very young man he entered into squatting pursuits, and about the time that Mr. (now Sir John) Robertson was acting as the delegate of tho northern squatters on the question that was then raised of limiting the grazing limits in consequence of alleged poisoning of aboriginals, Mr. Forstor wrote a satire, whioh he published in the " Atlas," entitled " Tho Devil and tho Governor." Shortly after ho wrote a satire entitled "Tho Genius and tho Ghost," whioh was directed against tho system of transportation. During the Crimoan War ho wroto a sonnet in more solemn strain, on national grandeur and decay. But his genius for satire has boen moro allied with the logic and eloquonco of public orations than with the arl of versification, in which ho has shown that he can excel. Shortly after the introduction of Responsible Government, Mr Forster made himself known to the people of this country as a loader in par liamentary conflicts. At different times he represented East Sydney, St. Leonards, the Hastings, Queanbeyan, Illawarra, and Murrumbidgee. From the timo of his entering Parliament Mr. Forster was a keen oritio of the Cowper " Administration. Agreeing with that Administration in political principles, he was over on tho alert to detect inconsistency in their practices. When tho Education question carno on the denomi national tendenciesof Mr. Cowper's scheme offered an opportunity for attack. That Government was de feated, and Mr. Forster was entrusted with the work of forming1 a ministry. He associated with himself Mr. John Black (as Minister of Lands), Mr. Saul Samuel (as Treasurer), Mr. G. Eagar (as Minister for Works), Mr. E. . Wiso, afterwards Judge of tho Supremo Court (as Attorney- General), and Mr. J. F. Hargrave, now Mr. Justice Hargrave (as Solicitor- General). Thia Ministry waa defeated on their Upper Houso Eleotorál Bill, and retired in March, 18G0. Mr. Forster has not since that timo boen at the head of an administration, although the opportunity of tak ing that position was offered to him in May, 1872, when the Martin Ministry was defeated on the Border Duties question. He was Colonial Secretary in Mr. Martin's first ministry, and Secretary for Lands in Mr. Robertson's second ministry. From February 9,1875, to Fobruary 7, 1876, he was Colonial Trea surer in the Robertson Ministry, and on that dato was appointed Agent-General for tho colony of New South VVales, resident in London. In the discharge of the duties of this important omeo he brought great ability to bear, and worthily re presented -the colony ; but in his correspondence with his official superior in Sydney, Sir Henry Parkes, ho was provoked into employing language, the tone of which was resented by tho Colonial Secre tary, and tho result waa the recall of Mr. Forster from his position, and tho subsequent appointment of Mr. (nowSir Saul)Samuel. Mr. Forster, afewmonths after hisrecall, returned to the colony, and on his arrival was surprised to find that, while on his voyage out the electors of Gundagai had done him the honour of electing him as their representative in the Legislative Assembly. He had always sinoe valued highly this unexpected expression of confidence. His reception on his return to Sydney was very cordial, and a largo number of tho most influential citizens entertained him at a publie ban quet. Up to the time of his death he continued to represent the electorate of Gundagai, taking a close interest in all matters that oamo before tho Parlia ment. He was requested to assume tho leadership of the Opposition, but declined, though closely allied to the party. It was in Opposition that his talents as a politician have beon best displayed. In tho strength < his logical powors, and tho culture of his intellec tual faculties, ho was unquestionably the foremost man in tho Now South Wales Parliament, and the loss that his demise has occasionod is ono that oannot easily be filled up. Some idea may bo formed of tho prominent position tho late-Mr. Forstor occupied in tho politics of the colony, even by thaso who do not know his past history, and are ignorant of his recent doings, by tho notiços on tho Assombly's business paper standing in his name^' Ho had ono on tho paper whioh Btood fljrat for Tuesday last for a committee to consider an address to the Queen praying that Agonts-General of oolonios are placed on tho samo footing as ambas sadors or representativos of foreign countries in being relieved from payment of incomo tax and from liability Lto sorvo on juries, and also that they bo provided with Bpooial accommodation to listen to debates in Parliament, Also ho had a motion for returns, showing all the documents and other public properties destroyed by tho Garden Palace fire, and an approximate return as to the amount of tho total loss, inoluding the valuo of tho building' itself. A third motion was for all correpondonoo, Ac., in connection with the case of Mr. Warden De Boos. On Tuesday next he was to have moved for further inquiry into tho caso of Susan Nixon, who died from an operation porformod by Dr. W. E. Warren after mistaken diagnosis, and on 'lueaday, November 14, was to move for further re search or inquiry into tho Bermagui mystery, and the disappearance of Mr. Lamont Young, Govern ment geological survoyor. Tho deceased gontloman hod thus already provided himself with work to last till the end'of the season; and in no one caso can his pro positions be considered as othor than important and worthy bf the earnest consideration of tho Houso. Miohael Wynno, a cabman residing in Mary-street, Waterloo, while ongagod in his duties during tho lato wet weather, went into tho Emu Inn, Regont-stroot, to have a drink. On coming out, ho Baw a number of larrikins in possession of his cab. They drove away ; ho followed, and ultimately overtook thom. A soulllo ensuod, during which ono of the larrinins knockod him down, and tho cab was thon driven away in tho direotion of Botany. On reoovoring himself, Wynno found that his purse, containing about £3, and a gold watoh. -Wore missing. No clue has yet been obtamod W to. th« whereabouts of th« horso and cab. THE LATE WILLIAM FORSTER, MP. 