The Storyteller. We Amorys. (Written for the Queenslander.) CHAPTER XIV. BY L. ARMAND. "AFTER a storm comes a calm." When I went down stairs, which I was not able to do until the evening, I found Uncle Welfer very submissive, and anxious to propitiate me; but no reference was made to the scene of the previous night, of which I was very glad. Margct had evidently put on one of her most amiable moods for the occasion, and she endeavoured to make things appear as if nothing unpleasant and unusual had occurred. She told me that Maud had called in the morn ing, and was very sorry to hear that I was not well, and said that she would send in good time to know if our excursion was to take place. " I shall be able to go to-morrow, I know, Marget," I said. Indeed I wanted to get it over, as it was Arthur's suggestion, and he him self was going to make one of the party. So I sent Maud word that I could go, and she and her cousin came early in the morning for Robert and me. Arthur expressed much concern about my recent indisposition, and drew such a long face that I laughed at him. We then started, leaving Marget standing in the porch shading her eyes with her hand, and looking after us four as sho had stood and looked after Robert and me on the memorable day that we first saw her. I turned at the gate and waved my hand to her, so did Robort. " You seem very fond of Marget, as sho is called, Miss Amory," Arthur observed. " Indeed we are, and we have reason to be," I said warmly, the more so because I had an instinct that Arthur Archer returned Marget's dislike of himself. We were bound for a wood noted for its wild- flowers, and which had been one of our favourite haunts in former days. The way which led to it was rather long, but lonely, rural, and picturesque as a lover of the country could desire. Where the road was wide enough we all walked abreast, but when it narrowed Maud and Robert took the lead, and I followed with Arthur. We wore walking thus, talking gaily the while, and I at least was wondering how the day would pass. Without Arthur, this jaunt would have been delightful, but he was a constraint upon us three. We could not talk of the things which most interested ourselves, and I more than suspected that he shared none of our tastes. We had just entered a narrow lano when an old country-woman approached from the oppo site direction. Her withered and weather beaten face brightened into a kindly smile when she saw Robert, to whom she said "Good morning" in hearty tones. Robert, who was before us, cordially returned her salutation and raised his hat. As he did so I detected a sneering smile upon the face of my companion, who bit his lip as he caught my eye. Yea, I said quietly, replying to the hateful smile aa though it had been put into words; " that sort of thing in rather unusual, is it not? But ray brother, I am proud to say, is no respecter of persons. Ho will bow to the poorest and shabbiest-looking woman of hi« acquaintance whenever and wherever he may mcot her, Himply because she in a woman; and if that old lady had tumbled down in the road ho would have helped her up as carefully as if she had been a princess. That kind of feeling is innate in Robert, for," I added maliciously, "it is not posaiblo that he could have acquiredl it from any of the inhabitants of Marford." Arthur looked a little confused—not on account of his own want of the trait I so much ad mired, but because I was aware of his deficiency. But he said readily enough, "I accept the implied reproof, Miss Amory; still, by way of extenuation, I must be allowed to suggest that your brother has more reason than most of us for reverencing women, when he has such a model of womanhood constantly before him." 11 You have not that excuse, at any rate, Mr. Archer. You have Maud." " Ah, but my cousin, who, I grant, can be most charming when with certain people" (here he directed a curious look at the pair in advance), "has always entertained a strong dislike to myself, which is not to be wondered at under the circumstances; but lam delighted to tell you that we now perfectly understand each other, and I hope and believe that we shall both be the best of friends in the future— though nothing more." He laid such marked emphasis upon the last three words, and looked at me so searchingly, that for a minute or two I felt very uncomfort able. Did this interloper into our society, whom I only tolerated upon account of Maud (and perhaps Robert), propose to amuse him self by flirting with me ? I knew well enough that he admired me, but then I was used to admiring looks from others, although as yet those looks had never been translated into words, nor were they likely to be, from the distance kept between me and ray village ad mirers. I had not the elements of flirtation in me; I was too proud to be guilty of that; therefore I was the more likely to resent it if attempted withme, especially by Arthur Archer. It struck me that my silence might be mis construed, so I tried to start a conversation which should be general, and I dragged in my favourite authors. My companion neither knew nor cared much about them, although he tried to appear interested, but he could talk glibly enough to Robert about Homer and "You have read the best translations, no doubt. Miss Amory?" he said, turning to me. " Oh! dear, no. I don't care for what you call the ' Classics.' I daresay that is my want of taste. But Robert reads and appreciates your favourites, I believe; he is quite catholic in his tastes." By this time we had gained the wood for which we were bound. Arthur led the way in some little distance until we came upon a space which had been recently cleared, and thus afforded a lovely view of the hills. I was charmed both with the view and the spot selected for our resting-place. I said so, at which Arthur looked very pleased. '' I hoped that you would like it, Miss Amory." "I do indeed, Mr. Archer," I said warmly, not wishing to appear ungrateful; " but I must protest against one thing, and that is the trouble (and exponse, I nearly added) that you have given yourself over our * simple day in the woods.'" I pointed to the preparations that were being made for our dinner by two or three people strange to me, but who, Maud after wards told me, came with the refreshments from an hotel at Highford. " I told Arthur," she said, "that all this was quite unnecessary, and that you would rather have everything simple and without fuss; but he would not listen to me." "And I felt that I could not do honour enough to my friends. But, Miss Amory, do you really disapprove of my arrangements ? If so, I will take care that anything that you object to shall be altered in the future." He looked so anxious that I could not help saying, "Don't for one moment think that I do not appreciate your kind intention. What I mean is, that lam so sorry—and I speak for Maud and Robert also—that you should have made such an elaborate affair of it. I speak to prevent the same thing occurring another time. We should have enjoyed ourselves just as well in the simple way in which we used to take our rambles m our juvenile days. But you quite understand me, do you not?" I asked pleadingly, wishing above all things not to give pain or to be misunderstood. " I do, Miss Amory, and I feel most grateful for the reasons—the kind interest—which I flatter myself have influenced you to speak as you have done." " Then don't flatter yourself for one moment," I said laughing. "It is nothing but self-interest, I assure you. Don't you see that when it becomes my turn to entertain you all I don't mean to be so liberal ? It is all stinginess upon my part, I assure you." " You cannot deceive me, Miss Araory, as to your motives, and stinginess is impossiblo to your nature." "Well, you'll see," I said; and Maud and Robert coming up just then I informed them of ray audacity in finding fault with the arrangements. " I told Arthur the same thing," Maud said, " but he would not hear of it from me." We sat down to dinner, which our long morn ing's walk had prepared us to enjoy. It was spread under the foremost trees of the wood at our back, while before us the adjacent country stretched golden-green in the sun to the distant hills that were just tinged with violet mist. The sight of those hills always took me out of mysolt. To ray fancy they seemed to be a visible barrier of separation between the two distinct parts of our life—Robert's and mine. When we crossed those hills we left behind us all the associations and recollections of our earliest childhood—the only relative we had ever known lay buriod in their shadow—and wo entered upon our new life at their foot, with scarcely anything belonging to us but our name. Then beyond them was London, the dearest memory of all, the very name of which thrilled me. I often wondered when I should visit it, and I meant to coax Uncle Wclfer to lot me go some day with Robert, who occa sionally went thither on business relating to the farm. How I almost envied Robert those journeys, hurried and fatiguing though they were; and how I made him describe over and over again the appearance of the streets, and the people, and St. Paul's, aud the Thames ! I am afraid that I appeared, and win, rather rude, but I was betrayed by those hills into ;i reverie in the midat of diuuer, until "•ently recalled to myself by Robert, " Were you in Bloomsbury-squaro or Choapsidc just them, Persis ?" he inquired smiling. "I was having a regular perambulation I think," said I with a start. " You miut forgive me, Mi*. Archer, but it in all the fault of those hills yonder. They always remind me of what lies beyond them." "And what may that be?" Arthur asked eagerly. " London, but chiefly the City." " And do you then like London so much ?" "Like!" I exclaimed. "I love it; I think that it is an infatuation with me." "Do you noyer go thither? It is not by any means a long journey." " I hnvc not been sinco I have lived at Mar ford ; but I hope to go before long." " But don't you like the country, then ? I thought that you did." " Oh, I like the country, too, but it will not compare in my eyes with London. My brother and I reverse our tastes. He likes London, but worships the country. Isn't it so, Robert?" • "Pretty nearly, Persis. I 'worship the country', as you say, because of the endless variety and beauty of its sights and sounds. I love to watch the budding of the trees and the first coming of the flowers, and to listen for the first notes of the cuckoo in the spring; and so to watch through the seasons all the changes in Nature which mark those seasons. To me, life never seems so pure, so full, or so satisfying as in the heart of tlie country." " Nobody would dream that you are such a bookworm, Robert; and you leave mo far behind in that respect." "Why cannot you appreciate the country, and be a bookworm too '( For my part, I never enjoy Shakespeare so thoroughly as under a hedge in a leafy lane, or in a spot like this. And, then, who loved Nature and the country more than did Shakspeare himself ? It may be a fancy of mine, but I always seem to compre hend his meaning better when I am out of doorB." "At least, Miss Araory, your instinct for giving the preference to London is a true one. You wore never meant to be buried in an insig nificant village. You ought to be set like a gem in a place where you can shine, and be seen, and be" " Flattered to death," I cried, stopping him. " But allow me to inform you, Mr. Archer, that I have so good an opinion of myself that flattery is not only superfluous but to me in sulting." "But you surely do not feel insulted by a compliment?" Arthur said, looking as if un certain whether or not my speech contained a hidden reproof for him (which it did, for I resented the tone that he was already taking with me). " No, I do not feel insulted by a compliment. I am woman enough rather to like one than not. I look upon a compliment as a pleasant truth gracefully expressed, and, as such, no woman need be ashamed to own that she likes one. What do you say, Maud ?" "I never thought about it before, Persifl; but I believe that you must be right," Maud relapsed into silence—a silence from which I wanted to rouse her if I could. She had always had an unsociable habit of retiring into herself, saying little or nothing, excepting when alone with Robert and me. I knew well enough that she could think, therefore I con sidered that she ought to contribute her share to the conversation. I told her so once, but she pleaded that " talking was not her forte," and that she much preferred listening. I had notjced to- day that she had talked as well as listened to Robert, although I had not heard any part of the conversation, my own companion having hitherto engrossed me too much to himself. Dinner being over, I suggested that we had better set about our flower-gathering. For my own part I would rather have sat still and di-eamed, but I wished to turn, or rather put an end to, the present conversation. We set off with our flower-baskets, and kept together tolerably for the first half-hour, but afterwards, in spite of all my efforts to keep near Maud and Robert; we were always being separated. My companion seemed determined to nave me to himself, and endeavoured to begin a confi dential conversation, but I professed to bo so interested in looking for flowers that I baffled him in that. I was very weary of it all by the time that Arthur proposed having tea. " But," I said, " they expect us back to Arbourlands to a late tea." " They won't see us then," returned Arthur triumphantly, as, having found the others, he led us back to the place where we had dined. I looked at Maud and Robert to see if I could note any trace in cither of the mental weariness that I felt, hut Maud looked happy and animated to a degree which I had never before witnessed in her, and which tended to heighten her beauty. Robert also looked supremely contented, and thare was a tender gleam in his cyos when he addressed Maud which, novice as I was in love, I could but read and comprehend. Se I sat down to tea, well pleased if my weariness and self- sacrifice had, as I had intended, been a cause of happiness to the two I loved best. I involuntarily glanced at Arthur, and as he met my eye the look in his almost startled me. I was afraid, yet did not know why; but I instinctively felt then what I knew afterwards, that that look meant more than flirtation. I could not deny that Arthur was very handsome. " Fascinating 5' would be the terra applied to him by most women. His face was oval, and the features were refined and regular, but the forehead was contracted, and there was the same sinister expression in his eyes which I had noticed and disliked in him when a boy, and amidst his greatest etForts to please me— even when I tried to feel commonly ,'rratoful to him —I was sure to rccull him as I saw him first, encouraging the little village tyr.mts to stone poor Stray. After tea, while Maud and I arranged the treasures we had gathered, at the general re quest, I sang. I enjoyed singing n\ 1 believe, anyone enjoys any special gift, which always serves^ mo re or less as a vent for what would otherwise bo repressed feelings. The time and the scene both suited and soothed mo, and the sight of the happy faces of Maud and Robert, with the knowledge that tho weary day (for me) was nearly over, inspire! mo to sing my very best. "One more, just another," was the constant cry until the sun sank, when 1 rest liitcly refused to sing any longer, but insisted that it was time to go. We then strolled lei surely homewards. " I know what it is to have boon urnler the spell of a syren," said Arthur, in tender tones ; so tender that I took care to koop near the other two for the rest of the way, :in<l, tiivrt «.s I was, to make the nonvoi\«i:i<j:i •^•!ht.il. Whether Maud had any suspicion of what I felt I did not know, but she fell in with my unexpressed wish as though it had been spoken, and exerted herself unusually to talk, especially to me. Lights were twinkling in the village as we neared Arbourlands. When we reached the gate Maud was for going straight home, but I told her that the Welfers would do disappointed if she did not go in ; and uncle, coming along the road at the time, insisted upon her and Arthur staying to supper. " Marget '11 be fine and touchy if yo don't, after getting tea ready for nothing." So it ended in our all going indoors together, where we found Miss Wclfor and Marget seated at table waiting for us. " You don't look as if picnicking agreed with you, Persis," Marget remarked. " Why, I've never seen you look so pale and tired after a walk before. Arthur was all concern directly, upon which I felt my face flush uncomfortably. " It is all our fault," said Maud, regretfully. " We have been making her sing too much, and she has been walking a great deal as well." "I am rather tired," I said, "butl shall feel nothing of it in the morning." " I say!" Uncle Welfor suddenly burst out. " What d'ye think ? That queer little old house Just outside of Marford, that's all covered with ivy—lvy Hill it's called—and you can't see nothing of it in summer for the trees round it. You know the house, Persis. You said once it looked as if there ought always to be funerals a-corain' out of it—it looked so dismal." " Well, what of it, uncle ?" I asked, not at all interested. " What of it? Why it's lot at last, and, what's more, the party that's took it is goin' in to morrow." " A good thing for the landlord then. It's to be hoped that tho tenant won't get rheuma tics, for the house must be very damp, and if I believed in ghosts I should say that it was haunted." "Well, Persia, it's nearly as good as a ghost that's going to live there, by all accounts," uncle continued. " I can't make out, from what they said down at the Marford Arms, whether hc^j queer in the head or only in bad health, but he's hump-backed, for some of 'era saw him." " Queer in the head, an invalid, and hump backed ! Well, the poor man will furnish food for speculation and excitment for tho Marford ites for a twelvemonth to come. It's an ill wind that blows nobody good," I said. " Is he married?" Marget inquired; at which everybody laughed. " Married ! No, nor yet likely to be, from tho account I heard," uncle replied. "Is he well-to-do, then?" was Marget's next question. " I didn't hear that he was, but I should think if he was rich he'd never go to Uve in such a ratnshacklo sort of a place as Ivy Hill, though I think they said how that he'd took it because he wanted to live quiet. But he's got two servants coming, a man and his wife— oldish sort of people, I should fancy. But, as Persis says, it'll wake up Marford a bit. It's all agog already." " Keally, uncle, I begin to share the vulgar curiosity of tho village. If the tenant only matches the dwelling he will be remarkably interesting. As for the place itself, it is the Ecrfection of the dismal-picturesque. Isn't it, tobert V" " Do you know tho name of the new-comer, Mr. Welfer?" Arthur inquired. " I did hear it certainly, but it ain't English noways. There's a 'grand' in it; that's all I can remember." "Moro interesting still." I said, laughing. " Don't you want to see the cause of all this excitement, Mr. Archer ?" " Not particularly—that is, if he's an invalid —a sufferer—l shall be delighted if I can be of any service to him." This struck me as such a funny speech with regard to the person who mode it that I nearly laughed. It was as though Mephistopheles should ]>ropo3c to turn good Samaritan. I am afraid that I looked rather comical, for Arthur regarded me with a perplexed and, as I thought, a pained expression ; so I said hurriedly, "If you should find occasion to carry out your good intentions, Mr. Archer, perhaps you will let me help you, if I can bo of any use ?" " Oh, yes," he said eagerly, " I shall be only too delighted to have such a coadjutrix." I happened to look up, and saw that Marget's eyes were fixed upon me. I bit my lip with vexation at having made such a speech. I had spoken upon the spur of the moment, because. I feared that I had given pain to Arthur just before ; and, although I did not like him, I felt that it was neither just nor courteous to say or look what might wound him causelessly, and my conscience told me that I had been guilty in that respect more than once in the course of the day. Market's strange, almost stern, loofy made me feel very uncatty and sick at hcarti I said no more, and my silence was attributed to fatigue. Maud took the first opportunity of foing, for which I felt grateful, and as soon as could I hurried away into my own room. [to bb continued.] 