TBE POLLARD ULIPUTIAN COMPANY. OPERA ville," and for tbe information of our readers we give hereunder the plot cftbftfc mriag composition :—" The Comte de Lacenay,-attainted for political reasons, flies from France, leaving bis infant daughter Lndenne and considerable personal property in the care »f a retainer, Qsspiro. This wily Norman, however, foreseeing tbat the Comte may never return to claim his own {which indeed happens) brings up the child as his niece, under tbe same of Genuine, and gratifies bit insatiable greed for money by hoarding the Comte's treasure. He has chosen fur his coffess the decaying rooms of the old chateau of Comeville, long since deserted by " * attainted of treason like De latcenay, and from France. Tiie grandson of this Marinis de Corneville is, however, alive, and the interact on the estates having been removed by the stride along its corridors, and ghostly s flit across its lifted windows at night, in truth, these are devices of the canning Gupard to frighten away all intending tenants of the old chateau. At the opening of the opera a knot of girlaare on their way to the hiring fur. Amongst these is Seroolette, a *ai( picked up by Gaspard on a bank of wild thyme in one of bis fields, and grown now into his servant of all work.' Shehas thrown protection, however;'and seeks a better Germsine eventually joins the band, also s from Gaspard's boose—bnt from a very different motive. The old miser has promised her land to the village bailie, a pompons, meddling old fellow, lately come to his kingdom, with a Strang desire to open the chateau and andit the barony accounts. Kow Germalne has betfoShed herself to. ne'er-do-weel of the locality, a young h-herman aimed Grenicheux.'who, ai die supposes. saved her ville, now captain of an aimed ship, with a raving commission, who a year before had pnt ashore a Honfleurto re visit tbe honse of Ma fathers. At the opening of tbe drama he again returns—and this time he resolves to take possession of his ancestral castle. The hiring fair, where he engages servants—amongst others Germaine.Serpolotte.&ad; Grenichenx (now turned coachman), concludes the t of the story. The scene changes to the balls of the chateau, 'ihe young lord, with his officers and crew,-torch and sword in hand, break into the deserted rooms, and lay their plans to surprise the adventurers, whom they suppose to he really the ghosts of tbe village tradition. Two discoveries bearing directly on ihe fortunes of the two heroines are here made by the Marquis. Firstly, he finds that the girt he rescued from the sea is the Germalne who baa captivated him. bnt who believes hereelf bound in honor to Grenichenx. Secondly, referring to the flight of Comte de Locenayant placing of his infant daughter with the miser. Tbe vivacious Serpolette immediately tushes to the conclusion that ahe is the noble child in question, end theliceforthgivea herself all the imaginary airs of her rank- The arrival of someone is announced by the scoots—Grenichenx is put Into a suit of mail to watch the intruder unseen—and the Martinis and his crew retire to the armory. The old miser appears—woiia his phantoms—Rights the candelabra — wallows in his gold — and then comes a swiltand awful vengeance. The rusty bells toll—a ghostly chsnnt is heard—then a legion of mailed ~ - "I tile dead and buried lords of Corae- —and advance on the appalled miser, who finks wandering and terror-stricken on bis gold. Ibis startling tableau concludes tbe second part of the story. The list act is devoted to the unravelling of the mystery attached to Germsine. Tbii Is done by patching together the binla dropped in hi* ravings by old Gaspard—who confirms them, on his return to eanity, and owns that Germalne is not his niece, hot Mdflr. de lAcensy. In the same moment fbatyonnglady leans that she is free to — her hand where she loies,.for that to Henri de kevDle, and not Grenichenx, die owed herlife. Across the serious interest of denonemeat comes the' lighter texture of SeTpolette's fortunes. No sooner does she assume the silks and eatins of and has Over the lietxctbalcf tbe Marquis and Germalne come, this time gladly, the chime* of '1am Cloches dsCetaevQla.'" The attention of tbe poblic is drawn to the an aouncament that tbe doors are open at a quarter past seven o'clock, and the performance commences ataYpksriertceight siiarp. 