THEATRE ROYAL. The most ambitious effort of a troupe of juvenile artists, and undoubtedly the most meritorious that has been presented on the local stage, was the performance on Monday evening of Planquctt's tuneful opera ** bi Cloches deCoroevflle," by Pollard's lilina- Uan Opera Company. We are oonffdent that all who were present—and the house was; well filled in all parts—were not only pleated bat surprised that aa ?per? AimvnAinfr from the performers so many qualities ?C excellence should be so well played through out. Usually when children assume tte characters that adults find ? difficulty ia. maintaining with credit, the audience most he content to regard the entertainment m* a novelty, and be satisfied with a me diocre display of onripe ability. The au dience on Monday, however, experienced a pleasant surprise in the exceptional completeness with which the piece was pre sented, the clever and realistic mannrr in which the leading parts were sustained, and the excellent orchestral and scenic effects. Onr readers will remember that is the argument of the opera the Comte 4e Lucenay, attainted (or political reasons, flies from France, leaving his infant daughter Luciennc and considerable personal wxtpvrtp in the care of a retainer, Gaspard, This wily Korman, foreseeing that the Comte may never return to claim his own, brines op the child as his niece, under the name of Germaine, and gratifies his in satiable greed for money by hoarding the Comte's treasure. He has chosen Cor hi* coffers the decaying rooms of the old Chateau of Comeville, long since deserted by its lord, attainted of treason like De liucenay, and an esile from France, but the grandson of this Marquis de Cornex-flle is afire. Meanwhile the castle has an evil notoriety. It is haunted; mailed spectres stride along its corridors, and ghostly phantoms flit across ft* lighted windows at night. These are devices: of the cunning Gaspard to frighten away all - intending tenants of the old Chateau. At the opening of the operas knot of girls ace on their way to the hiring fair. Amongst these is Serpolettc, a waif picked op by Gaspard on a lank of wild thyme is: one cf his fields, and crown now into his servant of all work. She has thrown up his protection, however, and seeks a better place. Germaine eventually joins the band, also Dying from Oaspard's bouse—but from a very different motive. The old miser has promised her hand to the village Bailie, m itouipous, meddling old fellow, lately come to Lis kingdom, with a strong desire to open (he Chateau and audit the Barony account*. Germaine has bethrothed herself to a ne'er do-weel of the locality, a young fisherman named Grenicheux, who, as she supposes, saved her from drowning. But in fact her deliverer was really the long lost heir —the voting Henri de Coraevilh?, now captain of an aimed ship, with a roving commission, who a year before had put ashore at Honfleur to re- visit the house of his fathers. At the opening of the drama he again retains— xiA tliis time he resolves to take possession of his ancestral castle. The hiring fair, where he engages servants—amongst others Germaine. Serpoletie, and Grenicheux (now turned coachman), concludes the first part of the story. The scene changes to the hanntrf halls of the Chateau. The young lord, with his officers and crew, torch andsword in hand, break into the deserted rooms—and lay their plans to surprise the adventurers, whom they sui?i?ose to be really the ghosts of the village tradition. Two discoveries bearing directly on the fortunes of the two heroines, arc hero made by the marquis. Firstly, he finds that the girl be rescued fiam the sea is the Germaine who has captivated him, but who believes her self bound in honor to Grenichens. .Secondly, lie discovers certain documents tleft by cW <Ja*panl) referring to the flight of Comte de Lucenay and placing of his infant daughter with theiniaer. Tire vivacious ,Scri>olcttc immediately rushes to the conclu sion tliat she is the noble child in question, and thenceforth gives herself all the imaginary airs of her rank, but the development o£ the plot shows that Germaine is the r?il daughter of the Comte, and she of course is united to the marquis. The jiart of Henri Marquis de CoroevUle was assumed by Miss Maud PoUard, who is the tailcst and most matured of the young ladies, and who comported herself with appropriate dignity as the scion of a noble bouse, bat whose voice is somewhat bard and uncertain. Master C. Osmond as Jean Grenicheux might easily have been mistaken for a girl by the lightness and flexibility of his vocal organ, but his speaking voice and his actions deter mined his ws, and he gained a fair share of; the plaudits bestowed during the evening. Master K. Osmond as the Baillie exhibited bucb a decided turn for low comedy that be tau.-ed a. considerable amount of merriment, and with Master J. ShcehanasGobo.hisclerk, kept tlic house in a simmer of laughter, both vounjrsters being admirably made up, and throwing a great deal of drollery into their [Arts. G aspard. the old miser, was admirably represented by Master H. Salinger, who was MtctiaUy effective in the scene where, surprised in tiie haunted castle gloating over his ill gotten gain*, he loses his reason; and again in the la>t act where the familiar voice i,i <4eiiuaine brings back his memory and enables liim to make restitution to his vaid, and unmask the villany of the Baillie. Gcmiaine found a fitting representative in JVli-s Lena Malinger, who both sang and acted with sreat taste and appropriate nahcie. As Scrpolettc, the foundling-. Miss Max Pollard evinced a coquetry ami smartness quite in keeping with tlic iVJo, and sang the numbers al lotted to her in a style that evoked tit.- approbation of all present The other clianu-ioTCi w?? also well Eustaincd, and the vlioi-uses wen? iiendered with a spirit ti.at was surprising wlien the fact is rcmem- Kit.l tltat many of the young singers were facing an audience for periiai? thehrsttame. The iViaviwtt- dance and the ?der balletj?rre both vcrv pleasing features of the enterUm m'nt, and told how weU the j-oungers had t*?n I rained. The oixhestol music was *rrv ffxxl the dresses picturesque, and jlu- .--ta^e accessories complete Several voll- caiiied encores were gained during; the evening, and the principals were calleS. iKforrthe curtain at the close?! cachncU. As usual on an opening nighttfee ycrfornuoca was somewhat prolonged, but the piece will bo played with greater precision on its tenet* lion ttis evening. We ba\% no doubt that tlic. lAUpjrtians will be onerously nsftraoisd during their stay in Adelaide, as tiaeir enter* laiumcnt is both meritorious and cnjoyabln., 