OUR AMERICAN LETTER. [From our own Correspondent,] I A journey of nearly 1,500 miles on the great waste of waters called the Mississippi and its tributaries, and in places temporarily usurped by the extraordinary overflow of the immense inland sea, terminated at Cincinnati. From Memphis we coasted down along the eastern shore in the Saffin, and deflecting inland where the surfeit of waters rested, who "interviewed" negroes perched on their cabin tops or peering through improvised dormer windows, as to the extent of their losses and their prospects of recuperating from the effects of the spate that hemmed them in and converted their drawing- rooms into abodes for the nonce of cattle and swine, associate dwellers with themselves. Modern NoatiB with modern arms, with a diminished menagerie, they seemed these imprisoned Ethinps, but, as a rule, they bore with their misfortunes good-naturedly, and laughingly " reckoned " that the rainbow pop up by-em-by." On one occasion, however, as the Saffin came into rather close proximity with one of these negro cabins, the burly Ham put his head out through the chimney orifice, and wanted to know how we could be so ignorant of the channel of the river as to get seven miles away from it, and come here rooking dis ole shanty like the debbil, almost stumbling me and de ole woman and other dern, to say nuffin of de stock, into the water," It was his opinion that these " steamboat fellers" should learn navigation, and he was going to see to it when the trouble was over. The Sail resumed her way, and as the wheels revolved the shanty renewed its cooking but by the time the nigger had his gun loaded we were smiling at him out of range, One of the landing places on the Mississippi was called Australia, where I could not discern house or habitation, and my pride was not a little offended at such inappropriate appellations-it was clearly a case for complaint to headquarters. Notwithstanding this almost unparalleled extravasation of waters, the Mississippi Valley promises to yield a harvest far above the average, and cotton and room will overflow the bins. The distance from Memphis to Cincinnati by water is 797 miles, and the river banks are themed nearly the whole way with the nodding tassels of the many-jointed maize stalks, flounced with broad pennant of alternate leaves, lustrous green. On a Friday evening we went on board the Vint Shinkle, a stern-wheel steamer and regular trader between Memphis and Cincinnati. It was to be a trip of combined business and pleasure, and nobody was in a hurry. Before departure the fine band of the steamer, Rested on the promenade deck, entertained the crowd on the riverside with stirring airs while the negroes, whose "loud laughter bespeaks the vacant mind," danced themselves into white heat. The Mississippi and the high bluffs of Memphis were ablaze in the glory of the setting sun, as the Shinkle headed up the river against a current running five or six miles an hour, and darkness had sat down on Tennessee, while we were still lying in sight of Memphis on the opposite shore in Arkansas, The first officer furnished a sensation, the first of the passage, while the Shinkle was taking in her cargo at this place. The slave driving propensities of these mates are well known to all who have travelled but little on the rivers of the West ; but the negroes are generally the only butts of their tyranny. This evening, however, a white man came between Mr. Mate and his pastime, and for his interference got pounded by the bully till his face and head run with blood, and the unfortunate wretch was disfigured almost beyond recognition. This brutal exhibition took place under the eye of the captain, who seemed to regard it with the utmost unconcern. The negroes trembled at the furious vindication of self by their t stern master, and not till the fray was over, and their white brother had slunk- into the recesses of the woods, did they resume their monotonous refrain and interest a little fun between the awe- inspiring profanity of him who watched their work. Blast enemy and profanity are not by any means exotics in this great country, but nowhere do they thrive so vigorously and give out so many shoots as on board a river steamer, and 'in the months of 'ii HILL In iii i>it, 1 ",, I ' .-, 1 American mates. The negroes, stirred by the un- holy good work, like their prototype the mule, and their overseers, have to be wiped down after working harder to offend the ears and outrage of that mysterious reverence we all have for the attributes of the Deity, the amount of the blasphemy being only measured by the time the negroes are at work. Said a lady to me, as she hastened away from the scene, quoting Locksley Hall " Comes a vapour from the margin, blackening over a heath and bolt, " Cramming all the blast before it, in its breast a I thunderbolt." At 10 o'clock, as the band played " When the leaves begin to fall," nearly all retired for the night. The saloon of the Vint Shinkle ia nearly 200ft. long including the ladies' drawing-room aft ; it is in fact the second story of the house, which is built on the whole length of the deck, having a promenade deck forward, and a flat roof which is almost available for promenading. The hold of these boats, which are built for rivers that vary a great deal in depth according to the seasons, are only 6ft. vertical measurement, but it is perfectly astonishing to see what an immense quantity of cargo can be stowed away in them. The accommodation is superb, and the charges ridiculously low, £2 being the fate for a journey of 800 miles, consuming eight days, from Memphis to Cincinnati, while the elegance and luxury of the equipments are, I think, unexcelled. On awaking the next morning, after our first night " at sea, we found our good craft alongside Lim bethyille jetty, and the negroes, upon whom curses and imprecations fell like leaves in Vallambrosa, were loading her with sawn timber. We were only 30 miles above Memphis, and the steamer had run up a chute or detour of the Mississippi from the main channel. This detour formed a delta several miles square, and from the ferry enclosure, together with the morning sun, rose myriads of blackbirds, and they stretched themselves out into a long dipping and swaying line, bridging in its undula- tions the river over which they flew, till they were hidden in the reeds that stooped and kissed the stream as it flowed. This chute, so narrow that we had to back out of it, is called the Devil's Elbow a similar title being conferred, we found, upon an eccentricity of the Ohio, in the neighbourhood of Louisville. All day Saturday we were steaming between Arkansas and Tennessee on Sunday morning we had Missouri on our port side, and the same afternoon, in really the only picturesque part of the Mississippi that I had seen below Csiro there are spots above Cairo singularly beautiful near Hickman in Kentucky, the Vint Shinkle passed over the very spot where a week before the fine steamer Gold Dust had been blown up and burnt, through the unpardonable negligence of the engineer. This happened close in shore, and the ladder of the ill-fated vessel stood upright in the mud on the bank just as it had been blown there at the time of the explosion, as if to mark the spot where the waters closed o'er them. Mark Twain had been a passenger by this boat on her former trip, but Anangke or Kismet had not decreed that the humourist's junketing tour should be interspersed with hot water, on an ether realised rampage-and Mr. Clemons is well. On Sunday, at midnight, we reached Cairo, and this 250 miles of travel brought us to the junction of the two rivers. At sunrise or thereabouts on Monday, we were at Padman, and the band played for the delight of the early risers, and supplemented the strains of chanticleer for those who, in morning gowns and in robes with insertion or embroidered oBoms, as their tresses floated in the moving breeze, listened leaning over their sails to the harmony wafted gratuitously to them from the waters below the city terrace. And now, too, the scenery was beginning to awaken the sense of the beautiful wheresoever it lurked in the soul of the onlooker. I have known an occasional contributor to a religious periodical in Hobart who travelled and the gorgeous scenery of Ben Lomond and the surprises of the East Coast, who yet cried all was barren," who had no eyes for God's battlements nor ears for heaven's musía wandering joyless and alone like the fabled bird of Thrace the eyes were dim, though rich the spot with every flower this earth has got. Such beauty-blind estuaries are rare -there were none in the Vint Shinkle. A chorus of admiration greeted the fringes and awards of the shores of the Ohio-its glades, its knolls and bills, its clumps of chestnuts and oak, the stripling maize stalks less advanced towards puberty than their southern congeners- tbeeye feasted on those expanded of fallow and field luxuriant with grass as green as the crushed emeralds of Dante. The Mississippi bad hidden the country lying beyond it by tall forests and rank undergrowth-the Ohio more gracious, less reserved, welcomed us in the lovely r costume of summer, and Nature had been lavish with her charms, The towns touched at were more numerous larger, and less lethargic than those we had encountered before turning our course eastward. In fact the average Mississippi town is a place of which it may be not inappropriately said, that it was " built in the eclipse and rigged with courses dark place to dissect melancholy and distil bile. As we advanced eastward Industry rustled her skirts audibly. Nature's pressing wants are the handmaid of toil for the Southerner. The exigencies of custom (requiring people to cover their bodies more or less), as well as the physical necessity of eating to maintain life, elicit but a weakly hum of desultory work-but as we progressed at our dignified pace of five miles an hour, to the sound of our symbols, psalteries, harps, sackbuts, dulcimer, and all kinds of musical, we saw that the purposes of living were exalted to a higher plane on the banks of the Ohio. " Is life worth living?"asksMr. Matlock. Of course it is, nobody butanatrabiliouBdyspeptio or in irreclaimable misogynist will answer in the negative, though the sybarite Southerner requires as an element in life the easy acquisition of the means of living. Reaching Kentucky meant getting into the whisky region, and the towns abutting on the Ohio are famous for the number and excellence of their distilleries. The corn (corn in America is synonymous with maize) yields a spirit called Bourbon, and the rye distils whisky properly SO called. O wena bore', which we passed in the early morning, had no less than 27 distilleries. His fortis Kentuckian crews. Union Town, another place for pure spirits, has a ghost tradition; and the ruins of the haunted house, which in their rage the townspeople, nearly all of whom had been thrashed mysteriously inside its walls, had burned down, were visible from the deck. Every little place had some story or traditionary lore to interest us, and the strains of the band met with kindly greeting from street and pavement, and hearty God speed as we moved on. After tea the band played its dance music, and merry couples tripped to its measure till the Great Bear dipped and Cassiopeia sank low in the small hours, while the Vint Shinkle, urged by her ponderous wheel, bravely breasted the down flowing current. Kentucky supplied us with coal, for which the hills that rose high and sheer from the river's side were tunnelled. Flat boats were fastened to the steamer's side, and the bunkers filled therefrom while she kept on her course. The loading completed, the tender was cast adrift, and floated gently down the river again, guided by one hand, to its moorings. The farther we advanced eastward the more bewitching grew the soccer the hills bent over towards each other from the opposite sides, the river narrowing as if to promote the friendly contest, and again spread out Likewise, its glassy bosom dotted with islands with bevelling cliffs, all dad in the verdure of summer. The Cumberland from Tennessee, famous in the annals of the late war, flows bloodless into the Ohio ; while in the vicinity of Mount Vernon the meanderings of the Wabash and its junction with the same river form a picture of exquisite beauty. On the morning of the eighth day, at sunrise, we were in the canal leading from the river to Louisville. The falls in the Ohio, though shallow, being very often not passable, necessitated this' great work, otherwise the usefulness of this lovely river would have been seriously impaired. The canal has three looks, and it, as well as the grounds in its neighbourhood, are kept in admirable order by the Government of the United States, to which it belongs. Twenty-four more hours and the Vint Shinkle was near Cincinnati, formerly called Losantivillo, the City of Santa it might be interpreted, though that is not the aigoitioation. It has lost that name since it grew up, and this is about what every adult does, change the treasures of youth for newly-found attractions. At noon, Friday, we had completed the journey, having sailed over 500 miles of the Ohio River, Which is 26 miles in length, and navigable nearly all that distance, with a width varying from 500ft. to 1800ft., a current of 26 to 4 miles an hour, and fordable in placed at certain times, even over which we had passed. With its tributaries it drains an area of 202,400 square miles, or 2 times the area of Tasmania, and its commerce 12 years ago was nearly equal to the entire foreign commerce of the United States. The French who came lower down the Ohio from Pittsburgh (formerly Fort Do Queens),. in admiration of its beauty and picturesqueness style it "La Salle Riviere." Its charms outrival those of the far-famed Hudson, and there is no river in America that can dispute its claim to be considered the loveliest stream in this great country. Longfellow saluted Cincinnati as The Queen of the West, in her garlands dressed, On the banks of the Beautiful River. Cincinnati, Ohio, September 17, 1882. The public, and the medical profession of Australia, are unanimously of opinion that Women's SOHMAMS la the unit and has stimulant, tools, and turtle at present before the world, .'-" " i., I in 'S, 1 " a -fall" 'I ' by a 