On tlie Warpath. By IIawkeye. Wl.-o would meek an old man's dream Fond and foolish enough such dreams, indeed, often are. ' Tho leftpues of life to pray beards seem Shorter than boyhood's lingering miles.' A nd one's first thought on reading Sir John Robertson's address mmt sutely see that he has been oounting the last few leagues of his life as miles, and very short nnles at that. How far we are really off from the time which Sir John seems to think either still lives or may be made to live again may be judged very painfully from his address itself. It was not with this feeble breath and stumbling efiort that the hon. gentleman, 21 years ago, first rang out his famous battle cry. Time has stood still no more for him than for the country, and tbe difference between the Sir John Robertson of that day and the Sir John Robertson of this is as marked, though he seems not to feel it, as the change from that day to this in the condition of the country, which he eei ms not to eee. From the first line to the last there is not a word to show that he realises, we won't say the evils, but the plain effects of his Act, which, to him of all men, 6hould be evil as the ' Evil one' himself. It was to be the Magna Oharta, the grand 'Act of Independence '* of the selectors, and the selector in nine cases out of ten has sold the birthright it gave him, and in the tenth is clamouring for more. It was to block the greedy squatter, and keep him from monopolising the land, and the greedy squatter has swallowed up both land and selector, and, according to tbe hen. gentleman, is greedier than ever. It has, in 6hort, done the very things he meant it to prevent, and nothing, or next to nothing, that he intended it to do; yet, because he was its author, he cannot see that there is no health in it ; while, for the host of evils, worse than Egyptian plagues, it has brought on the land, he ' smiling, puts the question by,' and laughs at such ' flimsy honour ' as the twin bastards of the original fraud— material failure and moral debauchery. Tbe cruel war of classes, whose full bitter harvest is yet to reap, and which he is again endeavouring to face, he, light-heartedly, describes as ' quarrelling, &c.;, between squatters and free eelectors, as if the history of the con tention for the possession of land is not coeval with man j' and his nominal leader, the clumsy rider with whom the old war-horse, taking the bit within his teeth, has hopelessly bolted, blundering about last night for something to say on this to him, impenetrable puzzle, caught up, we eee, that silly argument, aad echoed it. But { the contention for the possession of his neighbour's goods j is also coeval with man, and the hon, gentleman should next proceed to legislate for the aggravation and per petuation of the strife between honest men and rogues, because there have been thieves from the beginning. His addresB may have the one effect of embittering the contest ; but, as a statesmanlike defence of his policy, it ie only lees melancholy than the failing power, both of hand and vision, that penned this poor echo of the past, A bumper meeting in the Temperance Hall gave the Premier a fairer hearing than that veryclever gentleman accorded to his opponents. 'With just enough of learning to misquote,'' is a saying that no doubt may may well apply to most of the hon. gentleman's oratorical exercises on the land question, but there ia another, that in this case may fit him even better, and that is the old saying attributing to a certain distinguished personage the power of quoting Scripture for his pur pose. The power of garbled quotation or partial quota tion in the hands of a master is a great one — so great in this instance as to elicit from one of the audience aa involuntary burst of admiration, when he asked if the hoo. gentleman ' was not ashamed of himself to mis quote like that?' But the hon. gentleman was not in the least ashamed of himself. Why, indeed, should he be ? What was he there for, but to prove himself right and his opponents wrong r — and if this could best be done by twisting their wordB into every kind of non natural 6enee, suppressing, exaggerating, and altogether misrepresenting, was he not there, a past-master of the easy art, to do it ? Then the Premier's review of Mr. Stuart's proposals — even he probably never accom plished anything more studiedly unfair in his life, unleeB indeed we are to put his misrepresentation down to sheer stupid inability to understand them. But what, after all, has the country to do with Mr. Stuart's proposals ? The Government is on its trial, not for M'r. Stuart's policy, as much at present purely his own private property as his pocket handkerchief, but for its own, and the Premier's business should have been to show that that precious boon was good and right, not that some other possible polioy that might or might not ever eee daylight, was bad and wrong. But, of course, no one expected the hon. gentleman to do that. With the clever caution that always characterises him on this question, he knew very much better than to trust himself in those deep waters, so when he had quite done with Mr. Stuart he fell back on Sir John Robertson, and joined with that 'happy father' in his poean over the 'noble pea santry,' the happy homes and smiling fields, and general Arcadianism which free selection has given us, and will continue to give us, under the grace of tbe Btrong Government and the holy alliance. As an old platform orator, the Premier knows well the value cf a good, strong illustration. Whether it quite fit s or not is a secondary matter, so long as it has tbe right odour for a popular audience, which some tastes call 'fishy.' When Dr. Lang was in a plat form difficulty he used to tell a story ; but the Premier's plan is simpler, as when he rapped out his squatter simile of giving tbe shark a double set of teeth ; and, of course, brought down the House. But he forgot that it doesn't matter how many sets of teeth the shark has if he bas nothing to bite, and that it is because under the law he would perpetuate, the shark bas the run of the whole country and has been gobbling it up wholesale, that it is necessary to restrict him to his own waters. It is to draw the shark's teeth and not to double them that both Mr. Garrett's and Mr. Stuart's proposal would really tend, and perhaps it may be held that there are other 'sharks which would be none the worse for the same process, the sharks which, having fastened on an unfortunate country's vitals, won't let go. The head of the poll for East Sydney is rightly regarded as the ' blue ribbon' of the elections, and the first entry for that valuable distinction was Mr. Edmund Barton. No one is better known in the electorate than this learned gentleman. From his youth as ' Cap tain' of the Grammar School, till to-day as oandidate for the crack electorate's suffrages, his whole life has been spent in it, and those who have watched his career, public or private, at the Bar or in the House, lmow how true and — when he likes — able a man he is. We say when he likes, because sometimes he doesn't like. For some reason or other he has never chosen to do his undoubted ability justice, and show the country the real Btuff ho is made of. In one view, no doubt, this is a creditable and notable exception enough to tho general rule of young legislators. The phenomenon of barely fledged chickens crowing with all the confidence of old cocks has long since ceased to startle us, and perhaps the surprise should be that there is anywhere amongst us a young public man who does not think himself as wise or wiser than all the old ones put together. But if modesty, whether from a distrust of his own powers or simply a retiring nature, or a deference to old names and reputations, has been Mr. Barton's characteristic hitherto, it is time he sent it after the otber follies of his youth, and settled to his political work, as he used to his cricketing, in earnest, like a man. Well, he has certainly made an excellent start. So far as his address goes, there is no lack of earnestness and manliness about that. As an acute elector observed when he read it, ' Why, he writes like a leading article ; ' and high as that compliment of course is, he might have made it higher by adding, what cannot be said of all leading articles, that there was as much good sense in tho learned gentlemen's literary effort as good writing. But all that may go for little. To say that a Barton is a good writer is nothing ; he wouldn't be a Barton if he were not. But it is something to say that here is a man, a son of the soil, dcubly by birth and training, educated, experienced sound all round, able and anxious to serve his country, and not a windbag, or — worse — a place-hunter. And it is something to the credit of East Sydney to say that on Thursday it gave the second place on the poll to this manly young aspirant. The Premier did not gain much by his curious Temperance 'Hall tactics. Disappointment, mixed with a good deal of disgust, was the general verdict about town, varied with a frequent expres sion of wonder — 'What on oarth does he take us for?' or 'Who the deuce does he think himself?' The execrable taBte (to use a very mild phrase) of his reference to Mr. Stuart as waiting about his club all day, in kid gloves, to be 'sent for' was held to be no more than might have been expected from a gentleman with his exquisite turn for coarse humour; but the shock of his other more serious false statements and misrepresentations was unmistakable. ' This is not war ' was one intelligent and indignant remark ; ' this is attempted assassina tion.' Yes, but a very clumsy attempt, and it will at least have the one good effect of relieving Mr. Stuart and his friends from any further chivalrous consideration iu dealing with their treacherous foe. Even his speech, however, pales before what has been well termed the ' stupendous egotism ' of his address. The man who could write it without laughing himself to death at his own ridiculous image ehould write one thing more, and one only — a new version of the veracious Munchausen. The one fault of Mr. G. H. Reid's otherwise able address is, as usual with this learned gentleman, its wordiness. If Mr. Reid has somehow failed to quite make the mark in Parliament that was expected of him, it has been through this fault mainly. He is | clever, industrious, generally wellinformed and ready, but his words are in no sort of proportion to his ideas, and, however well it may be to be able to put the same idea into half- a-dozen different sets of words, it is not always advisable to do it. It is like having a dozen different suits of clothes aud wearing them all at once — a needless waste of good materia], to say the least of it, to say nothing of the effect upon the figure. However, in spite of this little I extravagance in verbal costume, Mr. Reid has cut a pretty good figure in the House as it is, and will, no doubt, discarding too much of the linguistic tailor's art, live to cut a much better one. He is unquestionably one of the rising race of politicians who will some day take the place of the 'old identities,' and eloquent, able, young, and plucky should have a career before him of which his political alma mater, East Sydney may some day be as proud as at present she is hopeful. On Thursday dawned a new political day for New South Wales. The two young public men who have so dashingly, led the charge against the Government have, not the constituency of East Sydney only, but the whole country at their back ; and able and elo quent and fearless as their exposure of the old fraud and tyranny has been, it has but kept pace with the swelling wrath and indignation of the public. Look where you will, through the length and breadth of the whole agitated land, and the aspect is the same — a resolve for land law reform at any cost, and a cool contempt for the clever Government which in its attempt to mislead the country has so grievously misled — itself. Running down the long array of addresses, every one of them the voice of a foe, must be almost as moving an experience to Sir Henry or Sir John as is was to the fighting soul of Richard before Bosworth's field to count the ghosts of his slain. Very much more so, indeed, for these are no ghosts nor spectres, but a living, moving force, bent upon triumph, or rather upon justice, and a clear sweep from tho face of this fair land of its old wrongs and defilements. With the clear vision and sound sense that sometimes in great emergencies come to a whole people as an in spiration, the country has determined almost as one man that there shall be but one issue in this struggle, and only one. It is in vain that the wily Premier and the poor tail that now serves him as retinue have tried with all manner of false scents and wretched pretenoes to cross the track. Even the cunningest old reynard comes to the end of his tricks at last, and. the triumphant appearance at the head of the poll of the new men and the new order should be the knell of tbe old, the last flutter in the weary air, of the old ragged reputations which, long tattered and torn, have at length grown too unsavoury for any handling but the undertaker's. Mr. John Davies was quite himself on the hustings on Wednesday ; but hardly came off with his usual success. He looked as spruce and trim, and gracious and godly as ever, and smiled and smirked and beamed with even more than his old oiliness. But somehow tbe spell wouldn't work, the charm was spent, and this gentle creature, who wouldn't hurt a fly, and never said a rude word in his life, or passed a working man without touching his hat to him, was himself rudely interrupted, metaphorically bustled and jostled, and, indeed, treated with a general contempt, which for so much broadcloth and fine linen and finer principles was shockingly undeserved. Perhaps it was because the principles were thought to be cu a little too fine. Trimming is an excellent art, well and skilfully done, but patching and oobblirg a bad cause and a worse name in public on the hustings is a dangerous experiment, and Mr. | Davies would have done better if he had left his bo I called ' explanations ' as Berenely alone as the South Sydney electors seem disposed to leave him. It wa3 curious that, while the candidate's political views didn't seem to interest the electors one bit, there was a good deal of active enquiry about those Coonanbara hats. In fact, the interest in that latest variety of fashionable tile could not have been greater if the candidate had worn one, which, perhaps, seeing the apparent falling off in his other public attractions, wouldn't be a bad idea for that dies ira, the polling day. ' The Civil servants are requested to plump for Sir Henry Parke6,' so states, on good authority, an oid Civil servant, Mr. G. H. Reid, and the scorn with which that gentleman denounced on Wednesday night this attempt to force that large and important vote was no more than it deserved. It is a double wrong, because, following on that remarkable ' depu tation by request,'' it looks very like aa attempt at a corrupt bargain, and because it shows that our high- souled Premier was quite ready to throw over his own colleague to save himself. What poor Mr. Alderman Green did to be docketed with the two condemned candidates, Parkes and Renwick, in one unfragrant bunch, no one seems to ! know, It is suggested that he is a good-natured sort of man, always ready to ' oblige Benson ; ' but this is not a case of Benson, but of Parkes ; and though men bave died for their friends, they have not often faced the pillory. ? Tbe North Shore Bridge business has at last reached partial daylight, and is not quite sweet. Mr. J .*&. Garbett, whoever he may be, writes a very good letter, and with a guaranteed interest of 3 J per cent, on some thing like a million of money would, no doubt, be happy to build bridges for all the world. But it does not seem very likely that he will build this one. After Wednesday's verdict, we shall have got pretty well to tho end of interesting transac tions of this kind, where intelligent strangers offer to do so much for us for so little, and an accommodating Government keeps everything pleasant for them — and dark. Mr. Reid has certainly done service in providing this bridge for the Government in the present difficulty — not exactly the kind of bridge they want, but as good as most of the other monuments of their governing skill which will presently strew their track of ruin. 