; General News. A Story or Four Fues.— In the following neat and pregnant little fable some of tbe eccentiicities of modern adulteration are delicately disclosed to tho commonwealth of consumers by a contemporary Herman satirist — 'There were onoe four.flies, and,. aa-it happened, they were hungry one morning. The first settled upon a saussgo of singularly appetising appearauce, and made a hearty meal. But he speedily died'ot intestinal inflammation, for the sausage waa adulterated with aniline. The second fly breakfasted upon flour, and forthwith auocumbed to contraction of the stomach owing to the inordinate quantity of alum with whioh the floor hadbcen adulterated. 'The third fly was slaking his thirst with Alio contents of the milk' jug, when violent cramps suddenly convulsed bin ra me, and he' soon .gave up the ghost, a victim to chalk adulteration. Seeing this the fourth fly, muttering to himself, 1 Tbe sooner it's over the sooner to sleep,' alighted upon a moistened sheet of paper exhibiting the counterfeit presentment of a death's head, and the inscription ' Fly poison.' Fearlessly applying the tip of his proboscis to this device, the fourth fly drank to his heart's content, growing more vigorous and cheerful at every mouthful, although expectant of his end. But he did nbt die. un the contrary, he throve and waxed fat You see, even the fly-poison was adulterated.' j A Freak of Fortune.— Fortune (says an exchange) is a fickle jade. ' But a gentleman who lately occupied a clerk's desk in a Government office has no reason to complain of the treatment . he has receivea at ner nanus. Aoout enree years ago in the execution of his official duties, this gentleman bad occasion to attend to the wants of a certain lady who desired to transact business connected with her husband, then serving her Majesty in one of her dominions across the seas. It appears that the intricate nature of this lady's business precluded the possibility of its being .settled off band, and in order to arrange it .com fortably, the young clerk was honoured by an invitation to lunch with the lady. The. naturally good impression created at luncb ripened into close, friendship. In eighteen months the lady received the sad intelligence that she was a widow, and: during her bereavement the young gentleman acted the part of her cumforter and friend to such good purpose, that the widow at last decided to try him in the capacity of husband. The couple were recently married, and the handsome but impecunious clerk of days gone by has now blossomed into tbe husband of a most beautiful woman, and a mas'er of a considerable forlurie which but a short time ago, his wife inherited from a rich relation. 