BUMMER AND LAZARUS. A' Ban Francisco Sketch. In the good old days when immigrants, not •tourists,, wended their way by lend and sea to Ban Francisco—that is to say, somewhoro in the 5 fifties'—an insinuating and almoBt too "friendly dog made his appearance ono evening, toward' dinner-time, in a Montgomery-etreet rostaurant. He was not, strietly speaking, a yellow dog; bat a critical eye might hare, detected that plebeian tinge in his hide. His head/however, was well posed ; ho was strong and squarely set, and wore an air of purpose, ■ though bis vacillating tail betrayed a wistful >wrigglo at times, and a glance at once sneaking and calculating stole oat from the eorner of his eye as he took in the restaurant and ita occu pants. With this exception, he maintained an easy, indifferent demeanour, liko an animal of assured position—ono, in fact, who owns a ' human attendant—and the waiter?, accustomed "though they wcro to canine audacity, woro deceived thereby, into permitting his presence. For a moment bo stood irresolute, looking (hurriedly about him, but even then covering „ his mental anxiety by a sportivo fly-snap. Beoing. two gentlemen enter by different doors ..at the eamo moment and ap proach the samo tablo, his uncertainty vanished. He instantly placed himself between them, and observing that they woro minors* Bhirte (which was considered a guar anteo for generosity in those times), ho beat the floor once or twice with his tail in uncon trollable satisfaction. While they talked to the .waiter be divided his attentions hot ween them/always appearing moat deeply engrossed with tbo ono who was not looking at him, and in this way beguiling each into the belief that he belonged to the other. Their repasts ap pearing, he permitted himself to display a sincere but modest interest io their character, and as each gentleman, in the progress of hiB meal, threw him small portious, he Bwallowed them with great speed and an unmoved oounte " nance, following the movement of his bene factors' jaws with unspeakable -eagerness so • long as they moved or the viands remained ; within view. s,: - ; Your - dog P' one miner inquired of the ! ; ; other.! Apparently awaro of the query, the i ? ■ ; / animal began to retire with modeat hoete. ! 'I thought he was yours,* answered nam- I , ber^two, who had called the waiter to inquire , ;' ('about dessert 1 Dog belong to the ranch P* be ".^aaksiV1 •; 'Notniuoh,' rotorta the indignant servitor. \- Wo had a terrier, but he's petered out; passed in his chocks last wook. That's Bnmmer— Gitl 'VamOBo! No, you don't—Blamed if ho ; -^aint-, though; and what's more, you can't stop >rthat-dog; ho will do it. Ha,ha! see him put, • ' . will yon. Just see him duBt.' The animal thus described and apostrophized had hurriedly baoked away under the recogoi ;.i s : tion oi the waiter, keeping one eye on a partly .. .:_u emptied » dinner-plate, the ,other on the door, ;'.and, '.disregarding the personal remarks and k -;: ■ expletiyea addressed to him, seized the remnant . of food on the drat, and slipped through the latter just in time to avoid a kick, which a person . ; entering.at the moment received vicariously. ^ft/pardon/ said the waiter to tbonew ,,r • comer, who rubbed his shin with an aggrieved vair,'1 meant it for Bummer.' *7:^' '.Who Bnmmerf' demanded Ibo injured ;; ;;. 'party of the small group who had actually taken the' troublo to look up the looaely-planked and briiliantly-lighted Btreet to see him dis —• - appear round a corner with his dishonest booty. 'The waiter replied frankly, 'That's him,* *hd added: ' I judge that beast's beon kicked j '}J<\-- .ouVnhere more'n forty times; but 'tain't no \ l- nsei -He's back as reg'lar as ho goefl.' — «Who does ho belong to f ' 1 Nobody; that dog's hiB own mastor.' if. v l aAnd his name ? ' iiii! .-si f Whyi that caine to him, natural,' said the >;=■: restaurant functionary, with a grin 1 Ain't he M^ftbummer? a reg'lar one, too!' andho laughed i n.: with such a genuine enjoyment of the fitness of v- ;i thatitle that ho was over ufter believed to bo ? .the dog's sponsor. -•" ... But the Waiter was not in possession of Bum. • • mer'a entire biography. The dog had an inner life that was not to be read by the caroleiB eye . .. of a chanoe.observer, and, though he bowed to ' no master's collar, wastheslavoof no imperious . whistle, he was not alone; he had a friend, or rather a dependent. About a block and a half r (distant from the restaurant whence ho had fled, Bummer pausod in Leidesdorff , , 'street, opposite the old Clay- street market hpuse. Making his way through nod under piles of loo bo boxes, old obampagne baskets, refuse oyster and fruit cans, ho oamo to n sheltered and secluded nook wheroin reposed a . .fellow-osniDe of helploes and mieerablo appear* ance, before whoso languishing eyes ho dopo >. sited the food he bad stolen, sniffing nt it to encourage1 his invalid oliargo's appetite, and . l ; .complacently pricking his ears and lioking his own ohaps as he mentally roviowed the feat. Boor Lazarus—such was the name of Bummor's . prot€g6—hud Soflbrod from a painful turn in . fortune's wheel; ho had boen run over, and, , after a few ear-splitting yolps, had sunk iu i ; Buonce and seeming doath on the cobbles ensanguined by bin gore. Ho was a P*rti.coloured, looao-limbed, woggly*headed beast, ^ with flaps of drooping onrs, a flrovolling mouth, and a self- ccnviotcd ere that never stood the test of an honest gaze. He was a gutter- dog, with mean ideas, a cowardly temper, and a servile tail that wagged pvopitiatingly at everything and nothing, without intelligence or fixed principles, be k** ready to attach himself to any one, and baa passed the greater part of his life—when not experimenting with longovity under waggori- wheels—in following and being re pulsed by atrangors. Tho fate ho had so long jjmpted at last befell him, and, stretched blooding on tho hard stonos, ho would in a low moments more have received his final quietus from a second attack of wheels had not Bum i with licks and sniffs of consolation, re* •bred his consciousness, and inducod him to move out of clangor. His injuries had boon fcevore,. his illness long and complicated; -but for the faith And enorgy of Buminor ho muat have expired of wunt of pnin. Now, howevbr," ho was convalescing, rapidly ; tho remnant of porterhouse steak brought strength and vigour 'to his shaken frame, so that ho sat up against an old orange*box, and, as he gnawned it, told hia companion how happy ho should bo scon to tako one of thoao zigzig runs up and down the street, Eniffiug aud careering aim lessly about, as only a lunatic dog can. Soon was this ardent hope to bo rejlisod. Within a week of the oveniug of Bummer's appearance at tho minors' table he entered tho restaurant, aoccrding to custom, with a wary eyo for tho boots of the waiters, and lagging behind him', with a half-uncertain, wholly-apologetic air,, came Laziru*, his sprawlieg figuro looking nli legs aud cars, and an all pervading sonse'of his own lack of graces giving him the appodrunce of jast having dodged oao kick, and confidently expecting another. At that timo the genus from which Bummer recoivod his titlo was a distinctive ono in tho city of tho Pacific. In. thqrap'd and not quite healthy growth of tho plane, how ouM is bo othorwUef Bummer aud his companion soon became city features, and by and by, in tho scarcity of itoms—albeit unconsoious of the honour bestowed on thorn— tboy received occasional mention in the columns of tho press. Fortuno's smiles did not spoil or alicnato them; they preserved their original characteristics most consistently, and were the same dogs in full tide of popular favour as when they covertly begged and stole by turn*, and foregathered undor bulkheads and market lumbov to crunch and kn&w; their filchod meats.' Bummer, true to his Bohemian instincts, pre ferred tho streets to a settled dwelling. Too amiable to wound any patron by an abrupt refusal to accompany him homeward, and become acquainted with tho conveniences of his back yard and his dog houso, he preferred, after apparently accepting his invitation, and ; going along at hia side somo distance, to sud I denly remember an engagement made previously | with Lazarus, and, with benthoad and lowered ears, to turn about and make off down bill at a keen run, leaving his beguiled companion to stare after him, and perhaps send & few verb \\\ ; oompliments and a flying missilo in the same direction. 'As to Lazirus. no one ever thoneht of adopting him, and, as lie seemed well aware, he was merely tolerated because of his more showy friend's regard for him, whioh con tinuod as firm as it ever was through all the mutations of the threo years of their koown existenoe. Wbothor the drooping duluess of the times had anything to do with it or not, tho increase and multiplication of street dogs at this period became an alarming pest. Tho ears of the City Fathers becamo disturbed, And by slow degrees tbeir mental forcos were set in motion. An enaotmcnt against unowned—and, there fore unmuzzled—dogs was tho result, a pound was established, and stray nnimuls slunk into corners to evado the terrible arm of the law;. It was in this trying moment that Bummor and Lazarus were enabled to test that popu. l&rity; that has so often failed those it has allured into trusting its erano?cent charm. How they learned the meaning and forco of tho statute no one ever proved satisfactorily. It was printed in good type, on a certain day, in all the papers, that any dog (without favour) found unmuzzled in tho streets should be ar rested, carried to tho pound, aod, if unclaimed within fonr and twenty hour', should be shot On the morning of the appoAranre of ihftt publication, Bummer come alone to breakfiis in tho reatuurant. He seemed troubled and uneasy, and many persons inclined to the ; belief that he had puruted an early edition of tho JUa, and was naturally depressed in eonse* qucnco; but this has never been substantiated. Bummer was certainly an accomplished dog, a deep thinker, and a keen student of human na ture ; but it has failed to bo established that be c mid read, and it iB best to rest tho source of his knowledge on the fact that ho was a close observer and a good listouer. What moro likely than that he ovorhoard his own name in disoassion in this very connection, and, by attending to what was said, understood all ? It is sufficient to know that ho ndvisod the non appearance of hta friend Lazarus for the pre sent, and Lazarus, h&viug; th»* wisdom to be guided by his moro astute companion, retired behind tho truck pile on Leidesdorif-street, where he had spent the days of bis aifliotion,. and recemffhis rations duly from thesagiciou* purveyor who still dared to face tho public and watch Hit interests. Bummer's next move was to "address himself by a persistent gazj and immovable attendance to two young Bohemian newspaper 1 boys,' who were always bountiful to him' on pay* day, and who had even—as ho was well awaro—in flush times, increased their order at the restaurant table ou his account Speech was invented to disguise thought. Bummer had no need of it; he looked hie wishes, and the two Arabs to whom he Appealed wero not hard hearted. Such as they had thoy gave unto him—namely the help of their pens; and to their unselfish credit lot it stand that, while the work for which thoy wore engaged and paid was always left till tho last moment, thoy ut once set about their task in Bummer's behalf, and paused not until it was completed. It was a petition, addressed to the city council, praying that tlio dogs Bummer und Lazarus (boitig mastorlcss and dependent on thrir own cfiorta for a livelihood) bo exempted from muzzle, wear* irg und arrest. Its tone was at onco respectful and colloquial, boastiug tho doublo charm of simplicity and tersoness. A very short bio* graphical sketch of the nppflUnts was given ; in atlusion to the names borne by th'.m, ah ex planatory word was offered thus; 1 The cldor or moro responsible of the pair reooived his title from his meek audacity and presuming humility of his manners, Lis jaunty insolvonoy, and the adtnirab'e instinct with which ho copies the bearing of his human models, unnnmborod apeoimeus of tho genus, as your honours can boo by reference to your constituency, being im* n ediately andorhisnotice at all tim- s Thoothor animal received his namo from nn affiiotod party whose history is ohronicled is a eaorod and anolont volume which is believed to have hitborto escaped your honour's attention,' With this 'iutroduction, and ah entreaty for their exemption, made up in good stylo and proporly signed by tho best mercantile and professional names on tho coast, the friends of Hummer and Luzarus conveyed the two auimal* to tho lobby of tha City Hall, then oq Kearny streot, opposite the Plaza, and on the second floor. A modost rap was heard at the door cf tho council chamber; tho wholo body was in convention, but each grave aud wis© signor glanced towards the entrance as tho janitor opened the door, and saw Bnmmor in advance, with the petition tied to bis collar,and Lozirna sprawling in the background. At a word from the presiding spirit of the solemn con* clave, tho paper was detached from his neck, aud, with a short howl, wrnDg from his fieitttcd feelings, Bummer retired back into tbo lobby to await action on his and bis friend's case. It was during this trying ordeal that the ou!y evidence of temper ever betrayed by thi9 remarkable dog was noticed. Lazarus whoso levity only dam*, aged his own interests, was foolishly sniffing at everybody's feet, and gyrating round the place in a ubiquitous manner, with neither object nor reason in his conduct. The full 'measure and weight of pending fate pressed Bummer'e hear! ulono ; aud, disgusted with his comp&tiion;'s silly conduct, he yielded for an instant to anger, and snapped at one of his loose-jointed legs as he passed him in full career of idiotic motion. Within an hour the great minds assembled in the inner ball had agreed, and tbeir agreement was favourable to tho two frionds^ who were tho&ceforth; per* raitted to rove at will, free from muzzle or fear of arrest; though one of the dignitaries after* ward observed that * it was & put-up job, for there wa'n't a dog in the Bible, for* he'd looked it through a purpose.' After this ordeal the favoured animals knew no care bnt of their own creating. Too mnch favour is sometimes dangerous; in their case it had the drawback of indigestion; for, not underet&uding; how to refuse food, and much being offered, they were sometimes obliged to suffer the conseqaenceB of over- indulgence. Bummer grow very stout, and one night, being seized with a fit of curiosity on the subject of fires, ho accompanied the engines to South Park, where a conflagration was going on. There were a number of buildings burned; the excitement was great; in an evil moment Bummer, who had so far forgotten himsalf as to become excited too, got in the way of the ho3e, and was thrown over, trampled on, and killed, being no longer quick or agile enough in his movements to got out of the way in time to save himself. When his death was an* nonncrd to his faithful and attached comrade no one was by to witness tho effect of the dreadful tidings, and a correct judgment of the sorrow of Lizirus can only bo formed by the sequel. For some days, if not weeks, the unhappy survivor did not appear in public; be must have remained in seclusion daring the day, and issued forth nigbt into streets as dreary and deserted as his own altered life. Meantime/the fiie company, in whose service, or in bis ill.judged attempts to serve which, poor Bummer had lost bis life, recognising ia him a public hero, bad bis skin stuffed and mounted in their engine-room, in such an extremely na*u al manner as to elicit much admiration. On the occasion of a civic display very soon afterward, this company 11 turned out," and, mounted on , a stand, poor Bummer's vivid effigy accom panied them iu parade. The day chosen chanced to bo one on which poor Lazitus had ventured forth, a wretched ghost of bis former self. <n reaching Montgoineiy-street he met the pageant, and, raising bis sad eyes, beheld his former patron's figure carried aloft bofore the engine. The howl ho uttered is said by those who heard it to havebscn blood-curdling. It was the last sound he was ever known to make, t'^r, raising his head higher than be bad ever held it before, he seemed mutely to appeal to heaven against such mummery, and then started homeward, never more to appear in the theatre of San Francisco affairs. When, on tho removal of some vubbish on the corner of Leidesdoriff-streot, his remains were discovered, no one was by to suggest a taxidermist; but that may not have been from luck of good feeliugas umoh as from the'necessity for oblo ■"Margaret Eotmer m Zippineott j Jor Jftbruary. 