THE i&SOST; QF J. D. HUME. I, James Dracon Hume having been sent to make and provide for the relief of fcbe needy and ;tbe destitute, and for the relief of all who .are, mow suffering from present and pas, uroughfcs, do hereby de clare, and Be it known therefore unto all men that I make a Decree absolute and- unalterable, and I do hereby direct and -declare ac cordingly. That all salaried officiate, whttber belonging-to ^Church or State, shall reJhnjuish a-portion of their apiaries in favor of their more unfortunate breth ren' on this earth whose .livelihood de-f pend ao-enurely upon the seasons, andj wbo.are therefore direct victims hto that; drought which has so recently .visited vou.. For your guidance therefore, i ,now fix « scale by-which I expect -every person, concerned to abide, lest^u he found neces eary for me to return" to this world .again to proclaim an-edict both . chastising and severe upon a sdnsh,portion of the human1 rase. j The Scale is as 'follows-:—His J§xcel j lenty-ihe Governor. -to relinquish f500. j All heads of departments an I other,offic ifttjf: in receipt of *£60Q a year to give! £1)50, and all others -rtceiving salaries;' 'down-to XH50 * ^ear- to. giye upon an equal ratio with the above -mentioned! scale. .All merchants t^ relinquish debts and make couaesaions to their needy cus-' ton>ers to the amount ©f one fourth, of their annual income, which, be7 it under stood, ore to be absolute gifts tb , '-the re cipients. All private ladies and gentle men who have, or are about to retire upon' »_•. jn -i i—j:_> certain Jibemlimcomeij, j;o give according' to tbfc scale 6et forth for the guidance of all Miniate. If" 'Sg Decree 'applies to the ^current yeaRpniy, hut fori tnnBt all pray that ,it be not necessary in the futmse to order renewal of-this declaration. All tlm world knows how handsomely I was re warded,by the British Govern ment for the gfWt financial reform 1 ef fected in-the-early part of -the -present century, and J hope and trust X shall be equally successful in this social adjust ment of tho rights of man to man in times of trials and trouble^ which, -when (*od pleases to send-them, He does not intend that'snch afflictions shall hear oppressive ly on one portion of the community only, but that all alike must thare rthe burden €f His #ill Xt;is no.v 40 years ago that :I first left •this'^orld, aud,*aa I have now no need of; efafcfiiments or human praise, all I ask an^ihope for as a reward is, a due a«d faithful compliance with my'Decrce, cheer fully and promptly, answering it to the letter, in order that present need and future seed time m6y he well and .amply supplied.. Again I Ieare th/js world of yours and return to the land'bf bliss where there is neither wed-time, aor haivest, but one obntinual springtide of fruitful happiness which the Iiuraan mind is in no way capa ble pf realiz'ng. Adieu; and again I say, adieu 