,.?R.C. A UTUMN IMEETING. (BY SEOENHOE.) As the Autumn Meeting of the V.R.C. commences to-morrow, I feel called on to hazard my opinion on the various events, and trust I will be awarded the same suc ceoss as on my previous attempts. As space will not permit of my going into particu lars, I make a start with the HURDLE RACE, for which I place Yo?No ALFRIED I, Red Rover 2, and Sir Peter 3. For the Port Phillip Stakes I place them, WEL n~oroT" 1, Courtenay 2, Guinea 3. The Ascot Yale Stakes should go to smy pre vious two- year-old fancy, NAVIGATOR, Tangle 2, Guesswork 3. The Brunswick Stakes is a dangerous race to touch, but I fancy NAPPrR TANDY 1, Nightmare 2, King Lud 3. THE ST. LEGER STAKES. For this race I incline to Royal Maid, but as she is not quite pink, I place them DARcEDWs .. ... 1 Royal Maid ... ... 2 Commotion 3... 3 For the Keilor Stakes I fancy Santa Claus 1, Courtenay 2, and Pell Mell 3. (BY ADVANCE). S MELBOURNE, Thursday. The betting on the Australian Cup and Newmarkot Handicap is very lively, 1,000 to 4 to 5 being the market odds on any double. There has been a great run on Hesperian in the double with Aureola, Surrey and Creomorno." Sweet William has also had a large number of supporters, and is considered first favourite. First Water has a great many friends, and has been taken in the double every conceivable way. Although the betting is lively, it would be a great deal more so if the stables were to come out ; they seen to be standing off. There has been no comnis sion executed yet for any of them. The little Duchess has been receiving a great deal of attention lately. If all goes well, I would say the winning double will be First Water or Sweet William, and The Ghost. The Leger has a great many supporters. Amongst the horses most in demand are Darobin at 5 to 4, Royal Maid 5 to 2, Cdmmotion 5 to 1. If all is well I name DABlEDN as the winner. The Hurdle and Steeple.-Almost any Double for these events are quoted at from 100 to 3 to 5. Rod Rover and Lucy are supported well, and I should say if they are all right on the day of the race they will prove the winners. 