RANDWICK TRAINING NOTES. BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH. (From our Sydney Special.) Owing to the absence at Hawkesbnry of so many of the best known horses, and all the principal trainers, nothing of importance was done on the training ground sinoe Tuesday last. It should be said, however, that Segenhoe was given a nice mile and a half gallop on Saturday, and tost both Creswick and Lord Burghley also did good work. Mr. De Mestre'a were none of them extended beyond hatf-paoe. Monday. Another fog thick enough to be " cut with a knife " was the reward of the " early birds." For all that was done, however, it might just as well have kept down all day. Segenhoe and Dunedin went twice round, covering the last six furlongs in lmin. 25sec. Dunedin hadn't the ghost of a show. Hecla and Morpeth cantered. Navigator ana Nicholas had moderate work. Tom Hales took Gudarz, who 1b fleshy, a couple of miles. He also gave Sweet William with Oonstantioe as a companion similar work. Jessie had a pipe-opener. Creswick went steadily a fast round. Barber, Brunette and Loftos had a top- SDCed mile and a half. Barber was ear as a lark and Brunette pulled hard. Nerina, the Maribyrnong Plater, exercised. Britisher, looking very well, was sent three strong miles. Strathearn cantered, but why, none of the touts could possibly tell. The old'un with out any loss could be turned oat. Sorry had a spin with Sterling oolt. The latter goes for the Derby. Lord Burghley sow had a stirring gallop. Jem Tyson went with bim the first round. He was then joined by Master Avenal, whom he beat comfortably. He was then ridden another half mile under the whip. Tuesday. We had glorious weather this morning, with toe natural oonsequence that the 41 early worm" wat picked up in all directions. Not, however, that anything 44 desperate" was done, though the work was 44 honest." First to'putin an appearauoe was Masquer ade, who had one round oomforiably by himself, and then another quick 'un with Eva. The former pleased me muchly. Kingswortfa and Hypatia worked in com pany, aud I must say I can't see what there is to justify the strong opinion of the former's party in him. Lord Orville and Twelve Years did two miles, but the Utter was 44 like the man who fell out of toe balloon — not init." Stella went once by herself, and was then picked up by Rupert, the two going a mile and a half and finishing together. Sardonyx and Drummer, after a mild breather, were sent a 44 ding-donger," doing the onoe round in 2min. 26sec. Jessie, Courtenay, and Britisher were also sent round. The watches gave 2 min. 30 sec., though Courtenay was out of it at the dis tance. Comet was sent alternately fast and alow. He looks very pink. Fandango and Brunette now oame to the front, and the toots immediately crowded round. And they were rewarded, for the pair were sent at a rare hat, doing the onoe round in 2min. 23sec. Hopeful, Annie Laurie, Songster, Paul, and Solitude all did moderate exercise. Suwarrow and Ericthoneua cantered and galloped. The Handicap winner, looking fresh and gay, was sent twioe round steadily. Loftus, Barber and Creswick first went gently, then they were sent a 44 docker." The time was 2min. 26sec. Though the 44 ton- sorial cove " was tn front, it was plain that Creswick was not in the least poshed. Proctor had two miles and a half at three- quarter speed, but his short style of going didn't please the onlookers. Lamond sent his family for a little work. Of the lot Nerina, the MaribyrnoDg Plater, takes my fancy. Segenhoe and Hecla went twice round, the former at a trot, and the latter cantering. Segenhoe, who seems eager to go, will moat probably be treated to a Derby gallop to morrow. Gudarz, looking healthy and big, was piloted by Hales for a half-pace two-mile breather, windiog up with a short spin home. The same rider then took Sweet William similar exercise. The wind- up of the work was done by Navigator, in company with Constantino and Nicholas. The Derby colt finished better than he has yet done. Still, he doesn't alto gether please me. The backers have had it pretty rough over Hawkesbury, bat have nevertheless 44 come up smiling," in the majority of instances. Last night at Tattersall'B the books asked 2 te 1 on Segenhoe for the Derby, and this was the only animal anyone aooaefl disposed to touoh. About Sting 4 to 1 was wanted, while oven offers of 3 to 1 for the Metro politan were not numerous. For tbo double Segenhoe and 'Sling 6 to 1 is the nominal price. 100 to lOKingsworth was laid several tunes, while Stella, who was started at 100 to 16, went from that to 100 to 12, finishing off at 100 to 10. Britisher and Sardonyx were operated on at 15. Comet and Mas querade too were dabbled in, but at fanoy figures. Creewick's price is 10, though these who fancy him at all want an extension of toss figure. Double books are opened on the Metropolitan and Cup but everyone seems to want the two Stings or Sting and Cunnamulia. Jemmy Ash worth's ribs are found to have been broken in the Hawkesbury aooident, bat no danger is feared. 