OUR PARIS LETTER- rnoit our own correspondent.! Paris, 17th December. It required neither a ghost from Hounslow nor a Boustan-Rochefort scandal to make known how dirty is the whole affair of Tu nisia. The conduct of official France therein has caused her warmest well-wishers to shake their heads by raising doubts as to the sincerity of her resolve to abandon processes and am- bitions, for which she has so deeply suffered and so heavily paid. Above all, better things were expected from the Republic. Tu quoqnc, Urate ! At tho Berlin Congress, M. Waddington, who wa3 remarked during Ids stay in that capital for his piety, proclaimed from the housetop that Franco was the only power who at the Congress had no axe to grind — that she quitted it with clean hands. But we since know ho was all the time working inside the house to utilise the Marquis of Salisbury's opinion that England had 110 interest in keep, ing France out of Tunis. That was, however, the era of scientific frontiers. The Wnddington treaty was kept in port folio, not placed in tho ordinary official sepulchre— a pigeon-hole. At this period the Itipullique Fran(aisc, with which M. Gam- betta had ceased business relations, com menced a crusade to depreciate Tunisian stocks, jr. Desfassds, a barrister struck off the rolls, was entrusted with this duty ; he also hawked about leadorcttes in the same sense for publication in other journals — the Lantc'rrie to wit— and gave himself out as acting under the inspiration of and representing M. Roustan. Speculators scented tho quarry, numerous schemes were started to convert tho Regency into an El Dorado. The Italians were apparently gotting tho upper hand of tho French, when Deputy Renault visited Tunis with the modest demand for a monopoly of the commerce and currency of the Regency in exchange for a society with a loaning capital of 20,000,000 francs. Baffled, be returned to Paris, nnd in a debate on tho Kroumira indulged in a Dclenda est Carthago. Renault lost hia seat at the general elections in conse quence of these proceedings, proof that simple voters know on which side there is " virtue and Erin." The Kroumir ball was kept rolling to amuBS the gallery, but it was only a lever de rideau ; while M. St. Hiloire was calling the gods to witness that the expedition to Tunisia had for end to chastise the Kroumir, as rare as tho dodo, ho had in bis pocket the treaty of the Bando, which General Brcard presented to tho independent Bby to sign somewhat after the fashion of your money or your life. M. Maccio, the Italian consul at Tunis, nnd M. Roustan, were old diplomatic friends. They become violent enemios bocauBe Mmc. Maccio, a virtuons lady, declined tho acquaint ance of a Mme. Elins, tho mistress of M. Roustan. The beginning of strife then resem bled the letting out of water. Mmc. Elias is a person endowed with tho fatal gift of beauty; she is the wife of a native general, whom the Bey discharged on account of thieving. Tho general's brother-in-law was condemned for forgery or coining, M. Roustau appointed these two patterns of virtuo to the highest places in his consulate. Nay, more, he obtained the Cross of the Legion of Honor for Genoral Elias, whose wife he ostentatiously called ou twice a day, the husband managing to be — like M. Benoiton — always out during tho visits. But madame meant business ; any in dividual or lame duck that desired to carry a job through the omnipotence of Roustan had only to pay down on the nail, hut iu French money, '.a fixed sum, and hey, presto ! the thing was done. There was little concealment in the matter ; madame sat at the receipt of customs dispensing her influence in exchange for favors in high latitudes. At this stage Rochofort opened a broadside in bis journal the Jntraniigeant, accused Roustan of corruption, of abusing his position, in betraying France by abetting swindlers to net profits over tho corpses of FrenoU soldiers. He offered to prove his assertions. Tho late Government directed Roustan to take an action against Roohefort for defamation of character. He did so, was defeated, and muloted in costs, Borne £1000. Roohefort aimed at Gambetta through Roustan, but found no quarry where he cxpectod ; hence tho trial was political — tho ex treme Radicals against the Oppositionists. Tho jury wns not influenced by political reasons ; it reported the opinion universally entertained, that franco was spirited into the invasion of Tunisia by the intrigues of adven tures) ; that the late Government shirked con- ' suiting tho nation, nnd kept back tho truth I alike from the 1'nrliament and the people. ; Tho jury was furthermore shocked nt the ; hideous immorality revealed ; of their consul having convicted felons for his principal officials ; of his having openly the wife of one of them for Ills mistress, her house being alike the temple of venality as it was of shame and dishonor. The public prosecutor stated, if Rocliefort were ac quitted, he would have to indict Roustan 03 a criminal ; but that did not affect the jury any more than tho assertion of Roustan's own counsol, that woro his client defeated, I10 de served to bo shot liko a dog at tho first street corner. M. Roustan is tho scapegoat, and his trial and condemnation arc expected to ulti mately have' important consequences. Tho Ministerial journals are very wroth nt tho jury ; but if tho verdict had been the other way they would havo been wreathed with laurels. Bochefort, wliatover may havo been his motives, lias shown up the Tunisian busi ness, and France will not bo the worse thereby, as it was all done over her head. Gambotta's Ministry is running well in har ness j ho himself displays admirable tact in dealing with men. In tho Senate ho roars as gently as any sncking dove ; indeed ho is as unctuous before tho fathers as his mortal rival Jules Simon himself. In fact, tho belief is gainimr ground that he Is tainted with Tory ism, which is a vice or a fault following some. Supposo his radicalism should prove to ho an affair of Pope Sixtus nnd the crutches? Clo- menceau iB of that way of thinking. Gambetta has assured tho Senators that in revising their house ho will croato no material Injury. The reform will bo what dentists call painless extraction. Ho caused tho long locks of Clovis Huguea, tho poet deputy of Marseilles, to stick out like the quills of the fretful porcupine, by stating he approved of Marshall Canrobert and General Mirabel being retained at thoir posts, despite the first brarc being a distingue of the 1851 coup eFcltlt , and the second presumed to havo cut out a similar project for poor old MaoMahon. M. Paul Bert, 011 whom all eyes are fixed, expecting he would fovivo the Septomber mas sacres of the clergy, has not, so far, injured a hair of tho head of either bishop, priest or dea con. He assures them tho full possession of every right seenred them by the Concordat, but nothing more. In tho meantime lie begs tlicy will Comply with that pact, by not taking French leave of tUMr dioceses. When they desire to take any walks abroad they must first obtain the permission of the Govern ment. When your neighbor's house is on fire look after your own. Tho authorities, sinco the Ring Theatre disaster, are down on managers liore who persist in not carrying out certain arrangements as safeguards against fire — such ns lighting corridors with oil lamps, having all admission doors to open outwards, to abolish the institution of footstools, over which spec tators ever Btumblc, &e.; There is no law to compel managers to conform to these precau tions ; they can at best only be fined fr. 2 for inattention to the police warnings, and thoy prefer to pay the fine rather than expend some thousands of francs on changes. Not to bo baffled, the police have fallen hack on tlieirpowers, not of closing a place of amusement, which thoy could not do, but of preventing tho public from entering therein os being dangerous places ; three theatres are thus " boycotted" by the authori ties, Theploccs thatatpresentbringtheliighest price in a theatre are these nearest the prin cipal entry.- Only persons who havo mode their wills and havo well insured their lives go to the front boxcB, or to the seats next tho orchestra. The police have taken stock, and find that seven minutes is tho average time for an ordinary theatre to bo emptied of its spectators, and eleven minutes for the largest houses, being one half the time before any serious fire could spread inside the build ing. Perhaps so ; tho matter to remedy is not time, but panic ; to command calm and discipline at that moment, when "ehriek'd the timid and stood Btill tho brave." In addition to 'the usual anxieties peculiar to this commonly called festive season, when ono is expeotcd to convert his fortune into five- frano pieces and bestow them on whoever raisos his hat, puts on a grin and wishes you a good year and perfect health-— so as to remain longer fleccenblc, wo havo the census papers to fill up — photographing your history by a few searching questions. Hitherto tho census clerk called, and after the Bhortcr Tor- quemada catechism, noted down your replies ; it took three weeks to number thuB tho sove reign people. Now tho matter will be effected in twenty-four hourg. Each interested fills tho qnery-aheet, places it in an onvclopo well gummed, and handing it to the clerk or tho coneiergo, ail is said. Tho envelope is the thing in which to catch the conscience of the houBO porter, who is your bane or antidote ; be thus knows nothing about your age, stand ing or nationality. Sardou-'s Odotto is the newost piece still on the playbills. Ho devotes his leisure moments to prove he has not taken the plot from others. However, ho has the reputation of playing the cuckoo with confreres. Parents and guar dians, children, masters and servants com- mcnco to bo engrossed with tho datios and the sights of the season. Politics, literature, dramas, musio, the arts — all are in quarantine. A domain lei affaires tfrieuict. 