gtisWiw. NEW PROBLEMS. 5.784. Charade, by C. H. S.— >ly/rst has a collective sense; Bnt one who wears a crown. Or scribbles for his daily pence, Makes that wide name his own. My second in two different tongues Exerts a different function; A preposition in our own, In Latin a conjunction. My third in England is bestowed On women folks alone; In Wales indifferently employed For William, John, and Joan. My fourth should surely be my first,- • For it is chief and lord; It may be long, or thick, or hard, Chock-full, ot badly stored.. My whole, obscure and sick and poor, Few knew his living name; But in tie grave lie came to have A strange posthumous fame. . 5.785. Prose Charade, by Charles James Fox- Transcribed from memory by a lady:—" Permit me. Madam, to come for once into your presence uncalled for, and by dividing myself to add much to my consequence. In the character of my first I have trampled on the pride of kings, and the greatest potentates have stooped down to embrace me; yet the dimest kennel in the dirtiest street is not too. foul to have me for its inmate. In my second, what infinite variety! I am young, beautiful, and blooming; yet old, ugly, and decrepid. I am rich as an Eastern Nabob, yet poor a§ the weeping object of your benevolence. I can prove from the highest authority that I am your superior, though few are the instances that prove It, and ten thousand the proofs against it. I am—but your ladyship is tired, and desires my reunion. It is done, and I lave no further claim to your attention than by remaining as before, your obedient servant." 6.786. Numerical Anagrammatic Charade, by S. H. Martin.—My 5 4 1 2 is part of the face, 7 101213 8 is a building material, 6 311 is equal to 6 01 of the Ancient Bomans, 23 16 24 26 8 20 ia a member of one of the learned professions, 17 2122 18 has lately been welcomed as a blessing to the country, 9 25 16 14 was a murderer, 31161917 is ia beverage. The whole is now in course of construction. 5.787. Quotation Acrostic, by Mariotta de-V.— The last wan petals leave the rose, :' The latest swallows preen for flight, The summer's gone, where, no one knows, With dead men's love, and spent years' light, And warm hearts buried out of sight Bed roses are the flower of youth, The warm light falls on lovers' hps; Laugh then, and fondle, happy mouth, Yet, O remember—sweet tune slips, Death hurries on with full eclipse. Cling to the flying hours—but yet Let some great nope, some pure desire Like song on dying lips, be set, That ere we fell in scattered fire Our hearts may lift the world's heart higher. Here, in the autumn months of time, Before the great new year can break. Some little way our feet should climb, Some little mark our words should make For liberty and manhood's sake." 1. * Hie boast of heraldry, the pomp of power, And all that beauty, all that wealth e'er gave Await alike the inevitable hour; The paths of glory lead but to the'grave." 2. " Then, fond desire, farewell; Thou art no mate for me; I should be loth, metbinks, to dwell With such a one as thee." 3. Cromwell, I charge thee, fling away ambition By that sin fell the angels. How can man, then. The image of his Maker, hope to win by't ? ' * Let aU the ends thou aiin'st at be thy country's, Thy God's, and truth's." 4. ' Drive my dead thoughts over the universe Like withered leaves to quicken a new birth; And by the inc rotation of this verse Scatter, as from an unextinguished hearth, Ashes and sparks, my words among mankind. Be through my lips to una wakened earth The trumpet of a prophecy ! O wind, If winter comes, can spring be far behind?" 5. ' Think me not unkind and rude That I walk alone in grove and glen, I go to the God of the wood To fetch his word to men." (The initials- of the names of the authors 1—5 form the name of the author of I.) 5.788. Double Acrostic, by S. H. Martin—(Republished with a correction).— 1\. A cave for the dead. 2\. To take notice—to see. 3\. Suspicious. 4\. A human being—deadly. 5\. A musical drama. 6\. Possessing mental ability. 7\. Lower in age, place, or value. 8\. Brass or copper gilt. 9\. A medical preparation: The initials and finals read downwards give the names of two racehorses engaged in the late S.A.J.C. Meeting. 5,789 Etymological Query, by Sardonyx.—It is required to fill up the blanks in the following sentences with the same word -in each case, so as to complete the sense :— 1\. The soldier the rampart of the enemy. 2\. The retailer uses in his shop. 3\. The pianiste exercises herself in various . 4\. Many fishes havi . 6,790. Geometrical, by Memphis.—The front wall of a cottage is 20 feet high, and *he back wall 15 feet high. The rafters are 12 feet and 16 feet long respectively, and they- form a right angle at the ridge. The shorter rafters rest on the front wall. It is required to find the width'of the cottage and the height of the ridge from the ground. AM correct answers to the above received before Tuesday, June IS, will be acknowledged June 17. ANSWERS TO PROBLEMS PUBLISHED MAY 20. 5.770. Charade, by A. H. L—Since-rely=Sincerely. —Correct answers by Jessamine, Canterbury, Karnac, Sardonyx, E. J. C., Largo, James Rough, Philomath, M. A. Grutzmaker, W. Watson, Newport, Victorian, S. H. Martin. 5.771. Prose Enigmatic Charade, by A Constant Reader of the Riddler Column.—N-0=N0.—Correct answers by A Hahndorf Boy, A. H. L., Canterbury Karnac, Sardonyx, E. J. C , Largo, James Rough Philomath, Nobody, W. Watson, Newport, Vic torian. 6.772. Narrative Numbered Charade, by Victorian —A Lovely Flower.—Correct answers by A. H. L., Canterbury, Karnac, Sardonyx, E. J . C., Largo, Veritas, James Rough, Philomath, M. A. Grutzmaker, Alma, W. Watson, Newport, S.'H. Martin. 5.773. Double Acrostic, by Doris.—Poet—Song, thus:— PRINCESS OTHELLO E a I N T A L K I N G Correct answers by Canterbury, A. H. L., Philomath. 5.774. The Knight's Leaps Problem, by Canter, bury— '' A knyght, in all the panoply of war complete, Awaited at his castle gate The king and queen, with all their retinue to meet, High Lords and Ministers of State, Bishops, the noble, and the great, Soon came the marriage of the prince to celebrate.' —Correct transcripts by A. H. L., Karnac, C. J. H. (New Thebarton), E. J. C., Largo, James Rough, Philomath, Victorian. 4.775. Cryptograph, by Philomath.— " Lo, when two dogs are fighting in the streets, With a third dog one of the two dogs meets, With angry teeth he bites him to the bone, And this dog smarts for what that dog has done.' —r JELOlNG. —Correct answers by A. H. L., Canterbury, Karnac, E. J. C., Largo, W. Watson. 5.776. Arithmetical, by Diego.—Three- eighths of the amount would be payable in 301 "16 days.— Correct answers by R. S. K., Mariner (app.). 5.777. Geometrical, by Memphis.—The length of the shortest line that can be carried round three contiguous cylinders of the respective diameters of 12,15, and 18 is 93'1015+. Correct answers by John Swan, A. H. L., Canterbury (app.), Buonaparte, Oxonian, Mariner. NOTES AND CORRESPONDENCE. The new problems, &c.;, sent by the following con* tributors are acknowledged with thanks:—T. J. Phillips (2), Karnac, Newport, Victorian, C. J. H. LIPOGBAMMATIC FETTEROGRAPHS. __ Our readers were invited to furnish for publication fetterographs not exceeding twelve lines each, upon any subject beginning with E, and with the letters C and D entirely excluded. The following are all that remain for publication :— " EMULATION is noble," at least so 'tis written, A motto I will not say nay to just now, For, by Jingo, the baby—that noble young Briton, Is trying its best, although frequently bitten^ To surpass by its gambols our tortoiseshell fatten, • In squalling like winking—in a row. LARGO. " ENGINE of torture, hang it, how I hate it." " What meanest thou; a pistol, gun, or rifle A musket or revolver ? If so state it." " No, no, not that; alas, I owe a trifle— Only a trifle to that irate tailor, Yet, sure as eggs, he vows he will Pursue me with his little bill, Or find me fresh apartments with the jailer But, I say, Frank, I wish to borrow, Say twenty guineas till to-morrow. What say you, Frank V " That you're a jolly bore. Ta-ta, I'm off, IU see you—never more." PHILOMATH. EVENING returns with the sweetness of rest To the weary from labour's fatigue; To footsore, poor travellers, by hunger opprest, - Who've been tramping o'er many a league. But joys for the heart of the parent now wait That the soft breath of summer instils; The wayfarer sees the hospitable gate Where he soon gets relief from nis ills. The evening of life, when the leaves are all gone From the trees and the blosscmB are spent, The weary on earth may have rest on the morn, Where the glories of heaven are sent. KARNAC EVENING "arove" at last; I slept, but not as sleep the wisely brave; But as the felons, who.in phrenzy rave When, shut in prison last, The weak expiring ray Of hope no longer beams upon the heart. I slept, but ah? a sharp impulsive start Now shook my prostrate frame. I felt a pang of shame. Wlas it the ghost of some forgotten sin ? Was it?—An! no; it was that hateful gin I took, the very same." MORPHIA. We now invite for publication Fetterographs not exceeding twelve lines each upon any subject beginning with G, and with the. letter F entirely excluded. Each of such lipograms should commence with the word selected as the subject upon which treats. SHE WAS " SORRY SHE SPOKE '."—Young farmer (surveying the stock)—" A pretty tidy lot, Maria." Wife (considerably the senior)—" Aye, but they would na be there maybe wem it no for my brass!" Husband (nettled)—" Whoy, lass, gin it be cooin to that vri* ye, if it bad no' been for yonr money, mayhap ye wid na been here yersel!"—Punch. 