AMUSEMENTS. Miss Lomsc I'omcroy appeared at the Gaiety Jast evening as Hamlet. There v>aj an unusual attendance, and the actress worthily deserved it. As Hamlet Mils Pomcroy ha9 those defects which lady actresses invariably hBve when they attempt to perform masculine carts. It is, and was last night, and ever will be on every stage, almost impossible fo suit feminine individuality ; and the audience, while Miss Potnoroy put forth I iter best effort, could not forget tliat in hsr. im- .personation, " the Jmoody Dane of Denmark,." was not a woman, otherwise the ent re performance was complete. Miss Pomeroy really distinguished herself iast night, nnd her impersonution of Hamlet was more than ordinariy com mendable. She was well supported by Mr. Vernon as tho King, but we are compelled to- eive Mr. Arthur Elliott first place for his render ing of Laertes. Mr. Holtoway made a very sub stantial ghost, nnd the oilier actors and actresses played their parts well. There is little doubt that the few performances remaining of Mies Pomcroy'a season will bo very largely attended. Another crowded house witnessed the repetition- of " Patience," at the Theatre Royal, Inst night, and this laugbablo illustration of the msthetic craze was received with its customary tokens of approval. There appears, not the slightest diminu tion in public favour of Messrs. Gilbert and Butli- van's opera, but tho rehearsals of "Ln Mascotte" are being proceeded with most diligently, and a. change in tho bill will shortly take place. Balfe's " Rose of Castile" was repeated liy tha Montague-Turner Opera Companv at the Opera House last evening, before a large ntidicnce, and to say that the production was a pronounced suc cess is only faint praise. _ It is to be regretted that the season will not admit of another representa tion. To-night another representation of Verdi's beautiful work, "11 Trovatore," will bo given. Miss Montague's Leonora is one of Iter greatest conceptions, and Jlr. Turner's Manrico has seldom been equalled. The remainder of the cast is ex ceptionally good. This being the last week of the season, changes every evening are announced. To-morrow evening tho tragic opera, " Lucrezia Borgia," will be given, and on Thursday » Jari- tana." The last night (Friday) has been set apart for Miss Jlontague's benefit, when tbe first produc tion this season of " Faust" will be given. The JInstodon Minstrels continue to fill tho Academy of Music, and last night their new pro gramme wns warmly received. The dancing ot Billy Wilson, and Jlorton'nnd Young ; the singing of It. A. Bowman in his character song, " Pity the Poor the lnughnble farces, and tho other comi calities, all go to make up an enjoyable evening well worthy of patronage. A concert was given nt the Masonic. Hall last night in aid of the funds of the Eastern Suliurbau Brass Rand, who. it will be remembered lost tbeir instruments in the destruction of tho Garden Palace by lire. The programme selected was an excellent one. and it is pleasnnt to record that the amount realised will go a good way towards rc- liabilitat ng the band eo far as their inatrutasnts are concerned. 