SPORTING GOSSIP. BY HERMIT. THE V.R.C. autumn meeting commences to day, continuing on next Thursday, and winding up on this day week. The principal feature of to-day is the St. Leger, which is not likely to bring out a large field, as by this time of the year the three-year-olds have generally pretty well found their level. The Derby winner, Dare bin, is first favourite, Commotion and Corio lanus being held next in esteem, and I should fancy that over this distance Commotion was the more reliable of the two, though if Royal Maid were wound up to concert pitch I would as soon stand by her as either of them, despite her small size. She is bred to stay, and has on several occasions given proofs of ,her excellence. Wheatcar was not entered for this race, which is to be regretted; however, the A.J.C. St. Legcr will give him another chance to redeem the character which he in a great measure lost by his running in the Champion Race; never theless, I think that on that occasion he was not nearly so well as many of his friends im agined he was. Koh-i-noor is a good colt, and Beems to be an improving one, and one or two others may put in an appearance, but I expect either Commotion or Royal Maid will win. The Australian Cup is run on Thursday, and, judging by present appearances, there will be a good number of starters, and, as there do not seem to have been any very prominent favourites, it looks as if the race was a very open one. Saunterer has received a great deal of atten tion, and, without doubt, he has been very leni ently handicapped. First Water won so easily last year that Bst. 81b. should not put him out of it, and Bosworth at 7st. 121b., if in his old form, reads particularly well. If Coriolanus were really the champion colt of the year, 7st, 81b. would seem like a" very light impost for him; of this, however, I have.some doubt, and I much prefer Royal Maid at 41b. less ; while Koh-i-noor also should have more than an average show. Sweet William is, I see, spoken of as a 'likely horse to turn up, and such an eventuality would in no way surprise me, as when he was taken away from Queensland he was a remarkably fine-looking colt, and, being so Closely related to both Chester and Grand Flaneur, it would not be any wonder that he should turn out well. Nevertheless, over this severe course, it is safer to rely on a tried animal. On his Geclong Cup running Ween should have a good show, and, if Mameluke's running with Melbourne in the West of Queens land was anything like the true form of the latter, he has had his bridle taken off. I never saw him run, but his performances certainly warranted a heavier impost than Gst., and it is dangerous to take liberties. The ones I like best are First Water, Royal Maid, Koh-i-noor, Saunterer, Bosworth, Ween, and Mameluke; and of these I lean most towards Royal Maid and Koh-i-noor. With the Newmarket Handi cap I hardly care to meddle, but it almost looks as if Aspen were each year trained for this event alone. She has already won it twice in succession, and at Bst. 91b. would have had a rare chance of accomplishing the victory for a third time; however, I hear that she has gone wrong. Of the rest, nothing looks more worthy of support than Surrey. Lady Emma has been again performing suc cessfully in New Zealand, having placed the Dunedin Cup to her credit. She is by Yatten don out of the imported mare My Fancy, and is full sister to one of the fillies purchased hut year by Mr. Finnic, now a two-year-old. My Fancy, it will bo remembered, was purchased by Mr. Kcllett. The Surat Jockey Club races have been fixed to take place -on 3rd and 4th May. I understand that several entries for the Logan Handicap arrived after the time of closing, which is a pity. However, owners have only themselves to blame, as they have no excuse for putting off entering until the very last moment, and it may be a lesson to them to he more careful in the future. Entries for the Balonne Jockey Club Handi caps close on the 14th instant. The Cooper's Plains Jockey Club have been inout successful in collecting money for their gathering on Easter Monday, and they intend putting forward a programme of greater pre tensions than any they have hitherto offered. It is a pity that they have chosen the same day as the Oxley people for their reunion, as both must suffer by the collision. Could not one or other of these clubs manage to postpone their meeting to some other date ? The Australasian, in a leading article, com plains of the present plethora of racing in Victoria, and as many of their meetings lately have not been so successful as they might have been, perhaps they have been having a little too much of it. It is quite certain that in Qncens land we have nothing to complain of on that score, and I am afraid it will be a long time before race goers in this colony will have to cry out that there is too much racing going on to satisfy them. The South Australian Jockey Club are evidently determined to do all that money can do to render their autumn meeting attractive, and to the Adelaide Cup, which is run on the 11th of May, they have added £1000. The Adelaide Racing Club also have £1000 added to their Birthday Cup. The Glen Innes Jockey Club races arc to come off on 4th and sth April. Time was when the Glen Innes Cup could uoast of its thousand sovereigns as added money, but racing matters there have sadly dwindled since that time, and the programme of the coming meeting is a very modest affair. I take the following from last Saturday's Australasian: —" There is not much life in the betting market at the present time, with the exception of the doubles over the Australian Cup and Newmarket Handicap, which vary from 1000 to 10 to 500 to 10s. if not laid. For tho cup outright, Suwarrow is nominally first favourite at 100 to 10 offered, he having received support to win a couple or three thousand at 100 to 8, Hesperian probably being next in favour at a 100 to 8 offered ; at a point less he would be supported for money. The owner of Saunterer took 1000 to 80 übout his chance a few days ago, which price is still offered. For the Newmarket Handicap, 100 to 7 is offered on tho field. A couple of thousand was taken about tho Ghost lately at 100 to 5, which price is still offered. Steve Mahon has a very useful mare in Elsinore, 4 years, engaged in the Aus tralian Cup; she has done a good preparation, and on the score of breeding is as good as any thing in the land, being by Horatio—Queen of Clubs, by Ace of Clubs—Cleopatra, who was by Boiardo from Bessy Bedlam, by Corn borough from Austin's Black Bess; but she was only a moderate performer last season in Tas mania." The Barber appears at present to be most in favour for the Hawkesbury Handicap. Of the doings at Randwick " Martindale," writing in the Town and Country Journal, has the following:—"Last Saturday morning I paid a visit to the course at Randwick, and though out early was not soon enough to see the whole of the horses perform that are at work. The tan gallop and inside training track were in use, and both wore in good going. The tan gallop was patronised by Wheatear, Lord Clifden, Lord Burghley, Kal Kal, Com motion's sister, Queen's Head, Vanquish, Sir Oliver, and one or two others. Lomond's string were very fresh, though I thought Wheatear somewhat light, still he was in great heart. Sir Oliver overpowered the boy and bolted, the boy coming off, but fortunately re tained his hold of the reins, consequently no harm was done. Those that I took most notice of on the training track were Segenhoe, Bathurst, Gostywick, Paragraph, Gloucester, Hecla, Etna, Stella, Merry-go-round, Kerolite, and Tinderbox. All these performed service able work for the time. Gloucester and Bathurst were sent a little above half-pace for once round; both shaped well, bat the black horse appeared to like it, and would have gone faster if allowed." Ambbican Raoehorsbs.—ln the July number of the Quarterly Review, published in 1888, Mr. Apperley (alias "Nimrod") ventured upon a startling and daring prophecy. "It is in the New World—that is to say, in America"—he remarked, "that racing and the consequent improvement of horses are making the moat rapid progress; to much so, indeed, as, from the excellent choice the Americans make of their stud horses, to incline some persons to the opinion that in the course of half another century we shall have to go to the United States to replenish our own blood, which must degenerate if that of the most Bound and enduring quality is transported to that country." Fifty yean, save two, have elapsed since these words were written, and behold ! the autumn of 1881 has sees their fulfilment. In each of the last three meetings held at Newmarket this year, Mr. J. R. Keene's magnificent colt Fozhall gave abundant evidence of his quality and excellence by going on crttcendo from the First to the Second October Meeting, and finally by setting the seal upon his matchless fame by winning the Cambridgeshire in the Hbughton Meeting at an unprecedented weight. Foxhall is at this moment the best horse in the world. It is to Mr. Keene's colt that Englishmen must look for a sire capable of infusiog new vigour and stamina into what must, we fear, be pronounced a declining breed of horses ; and it would be a singular climax to Foxhall's unique career if some wealthy English purchaser Bhould induce Mr. Eeene—which we think little likely—to part with the grandest horse in existence.— The Fidd. 