D s EOCIN 0A oPABBED. TnR Bappored in the rotunda of the Wind. sorHotel, last.eveningpa gentleman who at. tracted no little attention and comment. Net that he was odd in make-up, or eccentric in demeanour, bnt because lie bore upon hirs forethad, the ghastly mark of a miraeolou I osoape from death. Everybody who noticed thoe long red line, looked a second and third time, and lioking, suggested that the man had something enteresting in his history. An ina quiry at the desk, revealed the fact that he was a New York journalist, the editor of the Gaetronomist, and that his'name was John J. Kempster. Upon solicitation. Mr. Kempstcr told a reporter the story of the wound. It occurred while was duck shooting in New Jersey, on theS 8rdof September, 1880. Said Mr. Kemposter: "I wandered into the marshes about a mile and a half from the little village, and finally obtained a good shot st a dfock of ducks who were swimming in a shallow slough. I fired, and that was the last I re-. membered for some time. When I recovered sonsciousneoass, I was lying flat on my back; theosoun beatingdown onme. IknewthatI was wounded, but for many minutes sonldnot im agine where the injue was. Better sense came to me slowly, ant- with it strength. I felt something trickling down my forehead, and, putting up my hand, touched a thin coating, that proved to be mingled blood and brains. Then I onderstood that the gun had exrploded or discharged itself through the breech, and something had penetrated my forehead. I[raised my hand a second time, and felt the smaIIer end of a brecchpin pro truding from myhead. Ilimmediately thought, all was up, and commenced to make my peace with God in prayer. I grew stronger and more conscious of my condition however, and in the hope of securing medical aid that might save my life, I struggled to my feet. A heariness, as it my brain cavity was loaded with lead, was all that I sfiered. Every. thing appeared nataral to me; the trees, the shrubbery, and the marshes, and even the path I had taken, was distinct to my mind. I was even thoughtful enough to take up the broken gun and examine it. The stock was separated from the barrels-himbedded in gy brain was theabsent breeohpin. "I walked back to the village. It seemed an age before I got there, the invisible weight on my head bending me to the ground. I never rested though, but kept on, with only a vague hope for life encouraging me. When I arrived at the hotel where I was stopping, the people seeing me, fled as if a ghost were approaching through the daylight. When I told the clerk to go.for a surgeon, he stood as it palsied. I grew mad, and shouted to him to find a surgeon or I should die, and then I fellto the floor speechless. I was again an conscious until the operation had been per formed, and the iron pin was taken off my brain. It was a bungling piece of work, two eoountry physicians, who knew as much about surgery as I do of Ohoctaw, hsacking and hewing, and sawing my head until they had opened it, as you san see, more than two and a half inches. Then I was put on the train and sent to New York. Until unsoeacioos nes aesme to myrelief. again, I was in the most terrible agony, my brain aching as thongh a thousand daggers were piercing it. I remember being placed in the hospital am bulance; the remarks of bystanders that I could not live; the jolting noise through the streets; the ringing of the ambulance bell, which sounded like a desth-knell to me; and after that, all was blank. It was several days before I came to, and well I recollect the first querylI made to the doctor: "Was there any probability that my life would be safe?" Four months afterward I was once more at my desk, grinding away as it my brains were intact." Where the breohpin entered Mr. Kemp ster's head, there is a space of about half an inch in diameter, where the. caticle touches the brain, and moves with each pulsation of the organ. A cutting of the askin would ex pose the brain.--Desiver (Col.) Tribune. 