PARLIAMENTARY REPRESENTA TION FOR THE NORTHERN TER RITORY. TO THE EDITOR. air—from a copy ot vv. j. sowaens book, " The Northern Territory as it is," on the fly-leaf of which is written To —with the compliments of the Minister of Educa tion and the Northern Territory, South Aus tralia," which incription should guarantee authenticity, i make the following extract from the speech of the Hon.<J. L. Parsons at the European banquet at Palmers tonWith regard to the question of Parliamentary representation for the Territory, provision would be made in the new Electoral Bill for that representation, and it should be given them without being tacked on to another district with which they could have no' identical interest." (Cheers.) Said Mr. Bagster on the same occasion—" Local repre sentation for the Territory he was strongly in favour of." (Cheers.) Said Mr. Bright at the Chinese banquet at Palmerston— "If a proposition were made for representation of the Territory he would not oppose it." Mr. Burner fol lowed, saying, "As to the influeuce it (his visit) would have upon his Parlia mentary action, he would be most happy to do simple justice to the Northern Territory in the matter of local representation. The interests of this portion of the colony were too great to allow of its being simply tacked on to another district, and he thought it should have independent representation." (Cheers.) Believing these utterances of real live legis lators, having had, alas! no experience of the wiles of persons of that ilk, the people of the Northern Territory went so far as to secure a candidate to their liking, but in tain, for the Government Bill is totally at variance with the promises made and the hopes held out to them. The emphatic utterances of the four members whose words I have quoted, that they could not endure the idea of "tacking on to another district" so important a place as the Territory, though post-prandial, must have been the reverse of in wno Veritas deliverances, for the Territory is ! left where it was, tacked on to the District of Flinders, and with as much chance of in fluencing an election as it has of making pro gress under the misgoveinment it endures. Mr. Fnrner's idea of " simple justice," seeing his support of the Electoral Bui, thenis," Oh, certainly, yes, you shall have polling-places; they are provided for in the Bill; but as for a member—hem." Sing hey to yon, Good-day to you.—vide Bunthorne. otherwise—"Don'tyou wish you may get him ?" Now, Sir, what is sport to the Legis lature of South Australia is death to the prospects of the Northern Territory. The provisions of the Bill do not give the electors of the Territory the ghost of a chance of returning their man. At present they can poll about twoscore votes, but if they could get the franchise further extended suf ficiently to influence an election for the Flin ders District they would still have to deny themselves the pleasure of seeing their can didate, &c.; Now that they are to be taxed more heavily than any other people on the face of the earth (probatum est), is it not more than ever necessary that- they should be represented if tbey are to have the "simple justice" that Mr. Furner was eloquent about when face to face with them? Mr. Parsons desires to be considered a smart man. Let him strive honestly to keep his promises; it will be more to bis credit to be considered truthful. Giving heed to his engagements in the Territory, let him unite with Messrs. Bright, Bagster, and Furner in a strenuous effort to obtain justice for the people who so heartily entertained them. Why, Sir, if this quartet of members who have visited the Territory were to set their shoulders together and stand firm to their pledges they could secure us the benefits they spoke so glibly of. They could plead that their honour was engaged. They could read their speeches to the people and say— "Gentlemen, we said it; we must do it; our words must not return unto ub void. We promised independent representation; we are in honour bound to grant it." If, Sir, these gentlemen will take up this position we shall get representation; but, if not, then next to the Father of Lies will be ranked Par liamentary visitors by Yours, sc., DISGUSTED TERRITORIAL. 