POLITICAL POINTS. Me. Farnell for New England. Another ghost at Kiarna — John Daviea. It is said that t'he Weot Sydney election ia likely to bo appealed againafc, De. Renwick io opposing Mr. O'Mara at Tumut. At fche Monaro nomination Meaars. Toohey and Tooth had the chow of kendo. Me. Watson, the Treasurer, io to oppose Mr* Stuart at Illawarra. Me. ILoseby has beon defeated at Shoalhavefl by over 70 votes. Me. Go A. Lloyd declares that ' JSTewcastle be« fooled him twice.' It will be Hartley's turn next. Sib Henry Parkeo : ' It io only savages who fcornahav7k their old mon.' A voice : ' We send ours to the Upper House. ' Me. T. Garretb and Mr. Rankin — a candidate forArgyle — fcho two beat authorities in the country on Land Law Reform. It is believed that tho priest who v/ao oaid to have culled upon hia congregation to oppoue Mr» Wisdom at Morpeth is a political myth. Me. Thompson at Weat Maitknd : ' This con stituency has never been represented in Parlia ment.' Mr. Fullford, the late member, waa in the chair. Yass Plaino Nomination. A voice : ' What about your speech on education at Sathuist ?'* Mr. Heydon : ' I have become much more pro* groosive in my views since then.' Nmian Melville vaa not tho presiding officer, Mb, C. J. Roberts thinks fche Liconoing Act an infamous measure ; but ho won't be a party to amending ifc if a majority v/ould elect him and. think otherwise ! Thooo aro hio honoot convic tions. Mr. T. B. Smith, who has been elected for ths Nopfian, is reported in the Nepean Thnos 6f the 4fch inafcant. fco have stated at ono of hia meetings that when tho Land Bill was intro duced ' ho uaid fco an honorable member of fcho Government that he v/ould only vofce for tho second reacting if fchey would support certain amendments. (A Voice : ' Name.) It was fche Attorney-General, fche Hon. Eoberfc Wisdom. Mr. Wisdom informed him that, although the Government would not. support fche amendments they v/ould accept them. Those amendments included the division of fche .land into pastoral and agricultural areao, and Szity of tenure to tho pastoral tenants for a reaoonable tinae.' On tho very same night at Morpeth Mr, Wisdom, in the course of hio npeoch, ouid :',' 'Whale I have a voice I will never cease fco raise it against fixity of tenure. 