More Selections from a ' Bad Boy's Diary.' HE CONTRIVES TO GO TO THE WEDDING. I am not a bad boy any more. Oh, no, I am a wicked, wiclced boy these days ! Because I go to Sunday-school and to church regular, an try to do gust as the minister ' does, there 4 I am a wicked 6ectreliges boy. Oh, what's tho use ! I'm sick of trying to be good. When a little I incent boy, not nine years old, has the hull town down on ! him, an the decons an the Sunday-school supertendant, an i the preacher besides, wot is he going to do about it ? My i mind is made up— I'll run away agane. I'll go £urther than Aunt Betsy's next time. The town will be quiet after I am gone. They won't have any one to slander but the men what's up for President. They seme to be most as baa as l em. Yesterday was Sunday afternoon ; it was a lirite, pleasant day, the bluebirds sung— so did the frogs. I asked mamma mite I walk out in the grove to And out some traling arbutus. She said yes, if I would be nice an quiet coz . it was the Sabbath day. it was pleasent in the woods, there were sevral little girls there picking wild flowers; the brook was deeper than yousal for the spnng rains ; so 1 said to Minnie Brown an Lucy Wheeler wouldn't (hey lilte to be very, very good « children an join the church. They said they would. So I told them I would baptize tbem gust as good as the minister. It was Sunday ; gust the time ; would they let me baptize them ? Annie Spriggs she laughed, which I told her it was rong— they must be very solium — she an Lizzie could stand on the bank an sing like they ought to. I told .Minnie an Lucy they must not be fritened if the water was cold. They said ' Kq indede.' Then we all repeted the Lord's prayer very sereous. I was sorry Minnie had on her Lest blue.sash an button kids — the water spoils things so— but she was gust as brave as a little lion ; she 'didn't holler or kick one bit, but looked as sweet as an angel when I laid her out ; but, oh my, how she did begin to shake, an there -wasn't any shawl to put around her, so I hurrid up to baptize Lucy. I guess I hurrid a little too fast; wo both sliped on the slipery stones on the bottom, and fell down, an Lucy fit i angled like anything an couldn't get up ; the 6treme was a going that fast it swept her away like a'fetlier. It's lucky she was not quite drownded coz the girl hollered like fun, an eome men came running, who got her out and took oph their coats an put round her an Minnie, [an [carried them home quick as they could. . - Nobuddy thought to put anything around me, though I was shaking so 1 could hardly walk. Oh, how my teeth chattered! I've had a sore throte ever since so I couldn't ete anything but gruel and soft stuff ; they say it serves me right for being such a wicked boy ! It don't seme to do a bit of good to tell 'em I was not making fun ; I gess I'll give up trying to be a preacher or a doctor ; as soon as my throte is well my planB are layed ; keep dark, my diry lay low. Minnie and Lucy are sick in bed— one's got the croup the other's got digestion of the lungs— but I heard Dr. Moore tell Sue, in the hall, they were out of danger; so what's tho ?use of all this muss ? You'd think I'd turned the world over and all the little girls were falling oph. I thought their parents would like to have them goin the church; sted of tbat Betty tells me con&denshally; that Mr. Wheeler has bought on offul ugly horsewhip, to give me a tanning the first time I appere on the strete. He is a natty, ugly, mean ole thing ! lie's four times my size, witch is cowardly to lick one so much smaller. When Dr. Moore comes up to nay room to touch my throte, I'm going to ask him if he s won't be my second. I guess ole Wheeler won't dare to punish me when he hears the doctor is on my side. . ... I asked Doctor Moore would he be my second. He said, — ' Are you goin to fight a duel.'Georgie 'r ' an he sort of smiled. I said ole Wheeler has bought a horsewhip, but 1 think I . 1 ought to have the choice of weapons. fHe said he thought so too — what would I choose ? I thought it over, and finally decided he was so much bigger I'd better hide till his rath blew over. So I told the ? - doctor I guessed I'd go to school bv the back lane, so Mr. Wheeler wouldn't get a chance at me. He said he thought himself ' discreshun waB the better part of vallor ; ' but I'm going to carry a few brickbats in . my pockets to be prepared. What with Johnny's mother's loaded pistol and Mr. Wheeler's horsewhip, a little felloe like me don't seme to have any peice of his life. It's a burning shame the way I'm treated by high and lo. If I could deside in.my own mind whether sailors or scouts had the goliieet times, I could make my preparations akordingly; I will have to wate untiljafter the wedding to disappear, which is next day after totnoro. I do hope my throte will get well enuf for me to engoy the spred. It will be a burning shame for a boy with an appetite like mine to have a sore throte when his sister is marrid. 1 would like to sell out my throte. It is horrid dull being sick. Mamma says what do I thinlr of poor Johnny having to lay six weeks in bed P I am glad I am not Johnny. I knew better than to clime a tree to get a kite out. 1 don't know what to do to pais the time. I'm well enuff, only something sticks in my swalloing pipe; but 1 Betty will not let me dress — Bhe has taken my cloes out of the room ; if 1 am a good, quite boy I am to get up tomora ; I must try to get well for the wedding. Betty says that fool telegraf oprator what did not know he is going to stand up with Bess, an be a nnflher in the, church. I ast Betty what was a nustier. She sade she was not sure; she guessed he let the people in the pews. I told her that was a ganitor — these servants are a ignorant Betty is that busy she flys round like a hen with Its head , cut off ; even mamma has been in 'but once to-day to see me ; weddings are an offul lot of bother. O wliat fun I'm missing, shut up here with eveiybuddy els bizzy as beezs. I herd the doctor and Sue laffing in the hall this morning when he had been in to see how my throte was. I hod him say— ' His throte is scarcely sore a bit ; but I'm going to make him think he is dangerously sick, till after you are safely married to me, my darling. The best place for a boy like that is in bed ; ' an my sister laffed, and said— ' It's rather a severe goke on poor Georgy.' Then he said — ' He deserves it. If that boy is around, no telling what will happen.' I have been brooding over what I herd ever .since. It's a shameful plot to keep me out of the way. J. thought he was my frend. An Sue is in the plot ! I don't beleve a little boy was ever treted so before He gave me ipkak on purpose* to keep me feling sick ! I am to have ipkak and lie in bed, instead of cake, an creme, an salad, an bone turkey, an a good time at the wedding ! I thought the doctor was an Lone&t; man, but it semeB he is a fereful hippockwrit. Never mind, 2 can play at that game. ? . . Well,' my sister Sue is Mrs. Doctor Moore now They are off on their wedding trip to parts unknone. There is peace and quiet in the house new ; Betty's legs is getting rested. She said they ached like the toothake when she went to bed for a week beforehand, but Sue 6he gave her. fore of her old dresses, witch were not good enuff for a bride, witch took the ake out wonderful. I had a good time at the wedding after awl. Doctor Moore kept me in bed, giving me ipkak once in fore hours, witch I spit out every time ; but 1 staid in bed, an groned an let on I was offol sick, and could not swoller. I read the whole of 'UobisonCrueso' an 'Famly Robison' 3 times when no one was looking, so the afternoon of the purformunce — witch was very faehnubble at 5 o'clock — mamma came up an said she was dredful sorry I could not go, and so did the doctor, but it would not be prudent. O how I laffed when he, went out of the room ; so the moment they went down I carried out my plan to fool him good like he had tride to fool me. I could find no close but 1 pare of old ragged pants I had slid down hill in all winter, because Betty had carried them oph, an my Elippers, but I made these do'very well, because 1 took a sheet oph my bed, and slid along the hall to a back room, climed out on the roof of the kitchen, went down the waterpipe over the fense, down the alley like a streak cause there was no lime to lose, along a back street till I was safe, an then I made a bee line for the church. The folks had not begun to arrive yet — I came urly on purpose— but the seckston had unlocked the door to begin to lite up aB I krept in wen hi6 back was turned and cut up behind the pulpit, where I rapped the 6hcet around me like it was the minister's white gown an lay lo. I kept as still as a mouse all the time the hull poplation of the town was poring into the pews. Every seat was crowded, tho I could not see them 1 herd the rushing an whispering. After a long, long time which made my gnees ake, I herd them say there they come! The organ played very soft, Mr. Slocum came in from the vestry, the ceremony began. I waited till he came to the place where it says ' If any one can show gust cause or impenitent why '—then I bounced rite up in the pulpit with the sheet around me and said very loud and plain, I can, Mr. Minister.' Such a lot of sprised peple you never saw. Most of them i stood up an the women hollered like I was a bear. Sue turned as pail as a ghost and grabbed the doctor's arm like she was afrade he would run away. Mamma an papa an - the doctor gave a sort of grone— I guess they felt dis curriedged. While Mr. Slocum was staring up to see who it was, I went on in a hurry for fear they would not let me finish. ' I gust want to know if its fair to a little boy to have for a brother-in-law a doctor heartless enuff to pretend he's sick and give him ipkak to kepe him in bed so he can't come: to see his own [sister get married ?' O how evry boddy laffed— xeept our folks. It is very rong' to laff ia church the way they did. I may be a bad boy, but I seldom la ff or whisper in church. Doctor Moore he gust looked up and said, 'Comedown, Georgie, an take a front seat. I promis never to do so again. You beat me every time.' ' Very well,' said I, 'Mr. Slocum, you can proseed with the show ; but I'll have to ;be xcused from coming down because Betty hid my Sunday suit — I'll remain where I am.' So they got married after all ; but some implite peple kept giggling out in the most solium parts. I think, dear diry, our famly has learned a lesson— not to be usgust to one who may make some mistakes, bnt generly tries onestly to be a good boy. I have been treted pretty well since. Nobody scolded a word, but took me in one of the carriages when we went home, an Betty gave me my close quick, so I could fix myself np for supper. Lil and Montagu gave me a seat between them, and everything nice to ete. I was desprit hungry after so much tea an toste. ' Georgie,' said Lil, ' I see you are as bad. as ever,' an she laffed an laffed ; but I herd the doctor Bay to Sue that he had changed hiB mind about their boarding with her folks when they came back-*-they must board at the hotel— 1 wonder why P — North British Advertiser. 