ARRIVAL OF THE MAIL OTTR HOME LETTER. (From our Special Correspondent I .London, iebruarv 24. xnifl weeK mere nas neen anotner dramatic change of scene. When all fears of a dissolu tion bad died away arid Ministerialists were matins- snre of an easv victorv over the first of the new ruies a inunaerDoic was ttirown into their midst by their chief, which brings a general election again within measurable distance. On Friday nipht the Lords had a discussion on the Irish Land Act, initiated by one of the representative Irish landlords, the Earl of Doiiou^hn:ore. It was moved, and carried by a majority of 43 Peeis, that a Select Committee be appointed to enquire into the working of die Act. The majority included twelve Liberal Veers, among whom young Lord Stanley of Alderley was notice able, also young Earl Clarendon and the dis tinguished American sportsman, Lord Dan raven. A considerable number of Liberal Peers paired, and ope of them, the Earl of Essex, paired against the Government. Among the abstentions were the Earl of Derby, the Earl of Fitzwilliam, and the Earl of Zetland, who recently supported the Conservative candidate in the North Riding. The Duke of Argyll was not in town, or there can be little doubt that his august vote would have swelled the majority. I can believe that this impressive victory caused some un easiness to the leaders of the Opposition as ?well as to the defeated heads of the Govern ment. It was open to the criticism of being somewhat premature, and of involving con flict with the Ministers. But there was little suspicion of how hotly and promptly the Prime Minister would retaliate. On Monday night he came down to the House of Commons with a motion which gave their Lordships the straightest possible retort and quite took away the breath of peace-loving members. MB. GLADSTONE SXTBS THE H0U3B OF LORDS. It was to the elleet that ' a Parliamentary enquiry into 'the working of the Irish Land Act tends to defeat the operation of that Act, and must be injurious to the interests of good government in Ireland.' Mr. Gladstone askea the House to make his motion the first Government business on Monday next. An awkward effect of this is that tfie debate on the new rules of procedure will have to be shelved for an indefinite time before it is well started. Monday and Thursday being the only Government nights, there has been only two nights' discussion on the rules this week. The Government are limited to the same nights for their motion on the Land Act Committee, unless they ask private members at this early period of the session to give up some of their fast-diminishing rights. The interpellation cannot, therefore, I should think, be disposed of next week, the issues dependent on it being too grave, con stitutionally and practically, td be lightly decided. Mr. Gladstone was seen at once to have stultified himself in his argument for urgency with the new rules, and the more headstrong of Sir Stafford Kbrthcote's young men were eager to divide at once on the postponement of the Ordera of the Day aa a protest against the unusual action of the Government. Sir Stafford Northcote advised them, however, to confine themselves to a verbal protest, and that duty they performed with a wiLL Even that sagacious old Nestor of the squirearchy, Sir William Bartlett, observed tartly that if the House of Commons was to be gagged and the other House was to be threatened by the Prime Minister it was high time the Prime Minister should declare his further inten tions. Mr. Chaplin warmly deprecated interfering with the proceedings of the other House, of which they were supposed to have no cognizance. Sir Stafford Northcotc did not entertain his excited followers ?with any of the trenchant bony which his predecessor would have_ had at hand for such an occasion ; but in his homely way he rallied the Premier on the bad example he was setting to muchcom plained-of disturbers of the peace and order of the House. If no Government had ever professed greater anxiety for a reform of the rules of procedure, none had ever been so irreeular in its arrangement of its own busi ness. Speaking seriously, he declared that it would be very inconvenient to begin a discus sion on the new rules, and break it off after the second night. Lord Harrington answered with spirit the gentle sarcasms of the leader of the Opposition ; seeing that they had had no] business as yet but the debate on the address, he did not see how the Government could be fairly charged with mismanaging it. He was reminded by mocking voices of the Bradlaugh incident, which, bythe way, has advanced another stage this week; but the interpellation only pro voked a laugh. The real justification of the motion was put in a word or two by His Lordship when he said that the peace and order of Ireland were at the present moment of still greater urgency than the reform of the House of Commons. Sir fiicharcl Cross and Mr. W. H. Smith supported the protest of their chief, but, as Sir StaiFord advised, the motion to postpone the Orders of the Day was not pressed. It is announced, however, that a kindred motion when put, as it most be, from the Chair next Monday, will be resisted. The young lions of the i'ourfch Party chafe at the toleration of their natural leaders, and any night they mi.qht resume the independent action by which they won their fame last session. They have so far been very docile this year, but as the temperature of the House rise3 symptoms of restiveness on their part begin to show themselves again. Sir Stafford's own disposition would certainly have been to face the motion at once aad contest it to the bitter ena. THE BHADLA0GH BU2LESQUE. Mr. Bradlaugh has made himself tiie man of the hour again, and this tiz}: hi* bonnd less presumption has carriud him buyuua. tne limit of the most advanced sympathies. He had it in his power after his lass rejection by the House of Common; to apply for the Chiltern Hundreds and appeal again to his constituents. The more moderate of his advisers favoured that course,_ and Mr. Gladstone was sounded respecting it. He did not give an encouraging reply, and Mr. Labouchere thought that he was constrained to take bolder measures. On Tuesday night he moved that the Speaker should issue his writ to the Clerk of the Crown for the election of a member ' in place of Charles Bradlaugh, Esq., who by three resolutions of the House had been prevented from ta'.dng the oath prescribed by law.' He grounded his argument on precedents dating from the end of the sixteenth century, and ? abounding particularly _ in that lively assembly, the Long Parliament. Lord Ran dolph did not object to the motion it3elf, tout he thought it would be more correct ex planation of the cause which rendered a new writ necessary, if after the word 'who' were inserted words ' is disqualified by law from taking his seat in this House. An amusing oversight was committed by Mr. Labouchere when his motion was put in the usual form ' That the words proposed to be left ont stand part of the question.' He did not divide the House, and the Speaker said the ' Noes' had it. This left the motion in an abrupt state of termination at the word, when Lord Handolph Churchill played a neat trick by withdrawing his amendment to sub stitute new words, and the motion, as finally read out by the Speaker amid much laughter, was to the effect ' that the Speaker do issue his warrant, &c;, for the election of a member for Northampton, in place of Charles Brad laugh, Esq.' In the division it was rejected hy 307 votes to 18. A MOCK OATH. Immediately after the division Mr. Brad laugh, who had been lurking at hand, passed up the gangway to the table. The Speaker liad just left the chair, and was standing be hind it Before he could reach the table Bradlaugh was there and had pulled a bit of paper ont of bis breast pocket. He read fcom it rapidly a form of words, which the members standing near him recognized as the Parliamentary oath. Having finished he dived into his breast pocket again and pro duced a small Testament— one of the penny editions which are sold about the streets by colporteurs. This he kissed, and then signed the paper. Before the enraged Speaker could ask him to withdraw, he said, 'I have taken the oath required by law.' On being ordered to withdraw, he said, ' I obey your direc tions, and shall withdraw below the bar, but I have taken the oath and shall take my seat.' He went down past the bar ; but instead of returning to tis corner under the gallery, he went up to a back Beat, and seated himself near a group of members. The Speaker asked him to go below the bar and remain there. Bradlaugh said he would obey the Chair, but having taken his seat once he claimed the right to take it again. Lord Eandolph's quick eye saw at once the faux pas which Bradlaugh had made, and struck at it by moving ' that a writ be issued for the election of a member for Northampton in place of Charles Bradlau-h, Esq., who since Ms election has taken his seat in the Hoaae without having taken the oath prescribed bylaw.' The Attorney General deprecated hasty action, and sug gested a doubt if there had been a violation of the statute committed. The terms of the Act of 1866, on which Lord Randolphs motion was founded are—' That if any mem focr votes as such in the House, or even site during anv debate after the Speaker has been chosen, he shall bo subject to a penalty of £500, and hla seat shall be vacated.' WHAT SHALL VTS DO WITH HIM ? It was evident that the Attorney-General himself was in a maze, and that tha Prime Minister did not feel much confidence in his guidance. Before he rose to speak Mr. Glad stone called him to his seat repeatedly and looked at the authorities which he proposed tt stte, la the ead it waa decifol ttet he should offer the House no positive advice, bnt should ask for time to consider the action of the Government. The House immediately agreed to an adjournment of the discussion till Wednesday, and the law officers of the Crown were off to the Library to hunt up for more precedents. Mr. Labouchere, though he is after all not quite so smart a man as fie has got credit for, could see clearly enough the blunder which his irrepressible client had made. After Lord Eandqlph's motion had been discussed for some time, he suggested that the question which had arisen as to the. effect of Mr. Bradlaugh's taking the oath should be referred to a judicial tri bunal. He had no doubt that there would be persons ready to take action for the enforcement of the supposed pains and penalties. Mr. Labouchere s adroitness was shown in directing the attention of the House frcm the insult which had been offered to itself, and which, without distinction of parties, it was desired to resent. Prom the Home Rule quarter an amendment was offered by Dr. Lyons, ' that Mr. Bradlaugh be hereby declared incapable of sitting in this Parliament, and that he be forthwith dis charged from further attendance.' For once Dr. Lyons expressed the sentiments of the majority, but many minds were also crossed by a fear that the burlesque ceremony which Bradlaugh had gone through might stand the test of the Courts. Steps are being taken to have that decided as expeditiously as may be. and though one cannot imagine an Eng lish Judge giving his sanction to such a pro cedure, that possibly has to be kept in view as a new complication which may thrust itself into the embroglio. SUMMARY EXPULSION. On Wednesday the House passed through a succession of excitements. There were consultations in the morning by the leaders en both sides— that of the Ministers taking the shape of an informal Cabinet meeting^ and the Opposition leaders meeting at Sir Stafford's house. At the earliest moment Mr. Gladstone rose to state the intentions of the Government— or, rather, their want of intentions, _ the same negative resolution a3 before having been arrived at — to leave the difficulty in the hands of the gentlemen of ' strong and conscientious convictions' who formed the majority. Mr. Gladstone re minded the House that from the first he had taken a strong view of the case, namely, tliat the House was acting beyond its powers. But coming to the special case in hand, he severely condemned the disobedience to the Chair, of which Mr. Bradlaugh had been guilty, and agreed that some notice should be taken of it. His shirking provoked ironical cheersfrom the Opposition, and Sir Stafford, on rising immediately after him, was greeted with cheering from both sides of the House. He put it to the Speaker if there had not been a deliberate act of disobedience to the Chair. The Speaker, in reply, explained that on seeing Sir. Bradlaugh at the table he called out ' Order ! order ! with the inten tion of preventing him taking the oath. Mr. Bradlaugh's proceeding as he did he must consider a deliberate act of disobedience. A further act of disobedience had been com mitted when Mr. Bradlaugh, after being ordered to withdraw below the bar, took his seat among members. This ruling was re ceived witn cheers, as it removed all doubt of the right of the House to inflict exemplary punishment. Sir Stafford himself was greatly inspirited by them. Speaking with rare vigour, he condemned the Government for having.no definite proposal to make to the House. He had never been more surprised, he said, than by the_ speech of the Prime Minister, or by the impotent con clusion to which it led. He moved without further preamble that the Sergeant-at Arms be instructed to prevent Mr. Bradlaugh en tering the precincts of the House. It was afterwards explained that 'precincts' in this case should be understood to include the division lobby. The motion, had it been carried, would have reduced the hardswear ing member for Northampton to the level of the ordinary public. An important contri bution was made to the discussion from the Ministerial side by Mr. Whitbread. He had previously upheld the view of the Govern ment that the House was exceeding its rights in reference to refusing the oath to Mr. Brad laugh, but on this specific act of disobedience he was strongly with the majority. The motion of Sir Stafford, he thought, was the least that could be done to vindicate the authority of the House, and he would give it his cordial support. Lord Ran dolph and Mr. Labouchere exchanged shots in sharp and telling speeches. The former joined issue with his leader, and scouted his proposal as utterly inadequate to mark the sense of the House of the outrage that had been committed, It ought, he contended, to be distinctly declared tuat the law had been violated, and the seat thereby rendered vacant. From this view, as put forward by Lord Randolph on the previous night, the Prime Minister in his opening statement had Btrongly dissented. He shared the doubts of the Attorney-General if the 'gabbling through a form, as Lord Randolph called it, could oe held a violation of the law. The House indicated its sense of these legal difii culties by rejecting the Churchill motion, but while Sir Stafford's was being finally con sidered an incident occurred which again roused the anger of the House, and brought down on Bradlaugh the summary punishment he had so long courted. THE SEAT DECLARED VACANT. While the debate was proceeding on a second amendment of Dr. Lyons, which found the obnoxious member guilty of profa nation and ordered him to be discharged forth with from further attendance in the House, Mr. Bradlaugh again entered within the bar. The Speaker promptly ordered him to with draw, which he did, bawling out his protest that he had taken the oath and was entitled to his seat. Sir Stafford Northeote imme diately rose and said that in view of this new act of disobedience his motion might be con sidered inadequate. He would therefore withdraw it and substitute a new motion for the unconditional expulsion of Mr. Brad laugh. The Prime Minister intimated that he would not oppose it, and by a majority of 291 to 83 it was carried out of Land. Sir Stafford followed up with a second motion to issue a new writ for Northampton, and this was carried without a division. The battle is marching suspiciously close on the lines of the more famous Jack Wilkes's contest of last century, but the House is on its guard against letting the analogy be carried too far. There is more than a hope that if a popular candidate be run against him at Northampton Bradlaugh may not succeed in his next attempt, but of course that will not entail on some other Radical constituency the honour of giving him hospitality. But the House, if it is wise, will take measures to prepare for his possible return. It will endeavour to run through a short Bill making it optional for members to swear or to afhnn. Sir Stafford has not intimated how he would act in such a case, but the Government might reckon on carry ing it through in spite of him, and the gordian knot would be cut at last. If the measure were to miscarry or to be thrown out by the Lords, and Bradlaugh were to come back, the last state of the House would be worse than the first. GESEEAL SKOBELOFF AS A STOEM PEXBEL. The fire-eatinpj Russian General, who has taken to speechifying, is now indulging hia strange taste in Paris. After his Panslav outburst at St. Petersburg, on the anniversary of Geok-Tepe, the brilliant victory which he won two years aw over the Tekkes, he found it advisable to quit Russia. Much to the disgust of the BerHners he passed through their city incognito without paying any visits, though he has formed a good many friendships among the officers of the German staff at the great manoeuvres at Strasburg. When I referred to him last he had disappeared from observa tion, but his hiding- place was only Paris. There he has suddenly become the lion of the gay city. A deputation of Servians waited on him, and drew from him another Pan Blavist speech which throws into the shade the Geok-Tepe performance. The latter was only directed at Austria, whicU is accustomed to the vapouring of Panslavists ; but at Paris the Germans were directly attacked, and Germans nowadays are much less thick-skinned than they used to be. General.SkoboloffI if he intended to irritate them has completely succeeded, for he is now the bile noire of the Teuton Press. The offensive observa tions he made were unprecedented, and, coming from a man in nigh position, in tolerable to a friendly State. In speaking to the ypung Servs Skobeloff acknowledged that Russia was not always equal to her mission as a Slav Power, the reason being that at home as well as abroad she had foreign in fluence to contend against We are not masters in our own house, he said. The foreigner is everywhere and everythingin Russia. His hand is in all our affairs. We are dupes of his policy, victims of his intri gues, slaves of bis strength, and from hla baneful influence we can only deliver onrselvea by the sword. Should he tell them the name of the intruder ? It was the German. The German was the enemy. A struggle was inevitable between the Teuton and the Slav. It was inevitable and could not be long deferred. It wonld be long, sanguinary, and terrible, but he entertained the hope that it would cul minate in the victory of the Slav. The speech was reported as I nave given it you in the columns of La France^xiti. without a word of exaggeration it set all^urope in a blaze. The commotion it caused in Paris was reflected back from Berlin and Tienna. Every Bourse on the Continent responded, to it aa a note of war, and stocks were depressed as_ if a great crisis were imminent. Interviewers rushed to the General to ask if he had really used such lan guage about Germany and the German army. He irsfcseitg beindisowt mi annoyed at the exaggerated version of his words which had appeared in La France, but La France vouches for the accuracy of its report, which it says was taken down on the spot by a Servian studeut.the speech having been made in French. To the Paris corres pondent of the Daily News he protested that his language and his object in using it had been greatly misunderstood. He vowed that he had not come to the West to rouse a storm but to avert one— to avert it as Cromwell and Bismarck did, by plain speaking. Before troi he detested war. In one campaign he had had 21,000 men killed under him, and he could realize all that wa3 odious and cruel in his profession, but a great war was inevitable if the Austrians went on oppressing the Slav3 in Herzegovina and Bosnia. Russians coald not stand by and see what they wero seeing now— Austria making her first approach to domination over all the Slava in the Balkan Peninsula. All Russia would unite to combat the military clericalism of the Austrians in the protected States, for the Slavs would neither be Turk nor Jesuit ridden. IRRITATION AT BERLIN, The German Press has not fallen much short of Skobeloff himself in energy of expres sion on the Slav question, and from highest to lowest there is a profound resentment felt, not only toward the chief offender, but towards the Slavs at large, and even against Russia as a whole. The Old Kaiser has read both speeches with the deepest sorrow and indignation, which he takes no care to dis cuise. In his private communications to the Czar he may no doubt -give vent to his feelingB pretty plainly, but Prince Bismarck seems to hesitate about honouring the inci dent with official notice. How it should be treated depends in the first place on how it is regarded at St. Petersburg, and there is the most careful abstention from any hint of Imperial or official opinion. It was reported a day or two before the Paris speech that the Czar had caused two new ships' of war to be christened Skobeloff and Geok - Tepe respectively, but this is not verified. Were it true.it would be a n ost ominous event, as signifying that the Czar was giving way at last to his well-known Panslavist proclivities. That is an eventful turn of affairs, which the world waits for with anxiety. Some recent appoint ments in the Imperial household appear to lead up to it, and any day a change might be announced at the Foreign Office which would be at most a signal for war. The resignation of M. de Giers has been repeated again and again, and should he resign his successor would be General Ignatieff. What General Ignatieff a policy would be needs no saying. It would be responded to at Vienna by the resignation of Count Kalnoky, the present Foreign Minister, and the return to office of Count Andrassy, whose withdrawal a year or two ago was_ a patriotic concession to Russian susceptibilities, which it was desired at the time to conciliate. THE HERZEGOVINA. The insurrection is resting on its oars. At least there is no fighting, but a great deal of reconnaissance-making on the part of the Austrian troops, and occasional skirmishes with small bodies of insurgents. Reinforcements are still being turned south, and the intention of the Austrian.Generals i3 understood to be to wait till the good weather enables them to make the best use of their resources and to strike with effect. This Fabian policy may seem wise from a military point of view, as there certainly could be little done just now in the almost inaccessible passes in which the insurgents had lodged, but it gives the external agita tion free scope, and the help drawn by the insurrection from its road may be much greater than is now apparent. Advices from Bucharest and from Servia continue to affirm that many Russian officers are goin? through to the disturbed districts ill mufti. The belief is that Skobeloff him self meditates a sudden descent on Herze fovina in order to unfurl the Panslav banner, le has virtually declared war on Austria, and charged her with violating the Treaty of Berlin, under which she occupies the pro tected provinces. It is an ominous fact that the Cabinet of St. Petersburg and the semi official Press of Russia have studiously ab stained from expressing an opinion as to the right of Austria to enforce the conscription in the provinces. If that assumed right wero to be questioned by Russia — and she has reserved her freedom of action regarding it Austria might at any moment be pulled up by a Russian protest. That, I have reason to believe, is one of the uncertainties of the outlook at Vienna, and a real, though not an acknowledged, cause of delay in the military operations. Austria is committed to the conscription, and could not draw back if once she had indicated her resolution to enforce. After this a Russian protest would be tantamount to declaration of war. EGYPT. As everywhere else the outlook in Egypt begins to look very black. The Controllers have expressed in unmistakable terms to their respective Governments the gravity of the situation and the untenability of the position in which they now find themselres. In a joint statement by them, which ha3 found its way into the columns of the Re ?publique Fran$ahe,'they speak dolefully of the gradual disappearance of all the fruits of the past two years' financial administration. The condition of the country, they say, is as prospercus as two years ago it was hopeless, but the authority of the Khedive is being weakened and destroyed. The action of the Controllers is nullified by their having to deal with Ministers dependent on the Chamber of Notables and the army. The day is within eight, they fear, when the whole of the old abuses will return and the country relapse into its former anarchy. If the Controllers do not disguise the dif ficulty of their position it is not quite so bad as report makes it out to be. This week it has been repeatedly rumoured that they had resigned, but apparently there has not been as yet a collision so direct as to require such action. The Powers have mean while not yet made any provision for the very possible and almost imminent event of another crisis at Cairo. There are notes of various kinds being exchanged. England and France are making representations 'at Cairo. The four Powers have issued an energetic reply to the recent explanations of the English and French Cabinets, aud at this very moment a hot debate on the affairs of Egypt is proceeding in the French Assembly. The reply to the Turkish memorandum 13 expected to soothe the amour propre of the Sultan. With a cynical stretch of serenity the Porte is assured in it that the aim of the joint note was the maintenance of Turkish sovereignty and the welfare of the Egyptian people. On this no more sarcastic commentary is needed than the withdrawal of both Powers from the pint note. On the part of the new French Ministers it is almost openly avowed. M. de Freycinet is reversing the whole policy of his predecessors in North Africa as clearly as LordHartington reversed the policy of his predecessor in Afghanistan. M. Roustan is to be at once superseded as Minister Resident at Tunis, and it is ru moured that on this subject there have been threatening passages between M. de Freycinet and M. Ganibetta. The latter, on returning from Italy, it is said, sent him a message through a friend that if he criticised the action of the late Government 4 in Egypt Gambetta would go into the tribune and give no quarter. Whatever the hint in tended/it would be conveyed, I should think, in a more delicate form than that. At all events, it seems to have had little effect, for M. de Freycinet does not disguise his aversion to the policy of adventure which was recently carried on in Egypt. He has recoiled from it, as Earl Granville has only been too glad to do also, and the anxiety of the two Cabinets is now to get into line again with the European concert. But the four Powers are not invoking the European concert. They are acting on their own behalf and without much consideration for the feelings of Earl Granville. Austria has the credit of the initiative in this matter, and it can easily be conceived for what pur pose she wishes to occupy the attention of England and France in the East. She has aubstantial^reasons for wishing to strengthen her own weak points in that quarter ; and Italy as usual studies her own interest in the support she is giving to her new ally. The latest note of the Pour Powers contends Emphatically, it is said, against the creation of separate interests at Cairo, and claims Egyptian affairs as a matter of European concern. Egypt has, in shorl, drifted rapidly in the past few weeks. THE CHANNEL TUNNEL. The military question of the hour is whether or not Sir Edward Watkin should be allowed to make his Channel tunnel. So long as it was thought that he could not do it there was only an academic interest felt in the question; put last Saturday he took down to Dover a brilliant company of military and scientific men, whom he showed over the works and feasted like a railway king, a3 he is. Hepredicta that the tunnel can be ready for traffic within three years, and hence the alarm which has been taken at the War Office. Yon will have seea an account ot Sir Garnet Wolseley's report against the scheme, in which he considers it as fatal to the insular impregnability of the country. In his opinion a force of 2,000 Frenchmen coald be smuggled through any night, and hold the exit ot the tunnel sufficiently long for a supporting column of 20,000 men to follow them. It has been ironically asked of Sir Garnet what the garrison of Dover would be doing all this while — if no arrangements could be made for flooding the tunnel, and if defensive works could not be erected at- the mouth of the tunnel capable of blowing to pieces even a column of 20,000 men. Sir Garnet does not in this any more than in other matters fairly repre sent the military opinion of the country. The anti-Wolseley section of the Horse Guards sneer at his fears, but they are shared to some extent by the Royal Commanderin chief. The subject was brought up this week in the House of Lords, and a Military CoinmissLn has to be appointed to report oa it. Sir Edward Watkin has not got a Bill, as is generally supposed, for the tunnel it self, but 6n!y for opcuin;; the foreshore. This he has done to the extent of about a thousand yards, but it is probable that he will have to suspend operations soon u-til a new Bill cau be obtained. He wiil then encounter in Parliament not only the opponents of a tunnel, but a crowd of promoters of rival schemes. the i:;teecolo.yial exhibitions com missions. The Priuce of Wales has held a farewell meeting with his colleagues of the Royal Commissions for the Australian Exhibitions. He iuvited them on Tuesday to Marlborough House to take formal leave of them, *ul his invitation was largely accepted. The Duke of Manchester, who has aged a good deal since his tour round the world, was con spicuous in the company. Near him was the Secretary for the Colonies, the Earl of Kin-.berley, and his fellow-Minister, Mr. Childers. The most notable colonists wore Sir John Rose and Sir Daniel Cooper. The Prince thanked them for the assistance and support which had led to the highly suc cessful results which had been accomplished. He acknowledged the hearty appreciation which their efforts had met with in the colonies. Their representative in Melbourne, he said, had received in alhnatters the cordial and unqualified. cooperation of the colonial authorities. If hemightparticularizeanythlnj in their successes, the direct subsidy they had given to the fine arts in the Melbourne Exhi bition had been mest beneficial He took credit to the Commission for careful manage ment, and was glad to state that after de fraying all expenses they would have a balance of the grant to return to the Treasury. On the Exhibitions themselves they could look back with great satisfaction. They had given to foreign countries new con ceptions of the wealth and capabilities of Australia, and they had drawn closer the commercial and industrial interests of the mother country and the colonies. The Com mission could not have given up the ghost more gracefully than it did at Marlborough House. It has made a number of amiable and benevolent people acquainted with each other who might not have met in the ordi nary paths of politics. It has also consoli dated and made to work smoothly an organi zation which may be called into life again on +he shortest notice for services similar to what it has so well rendered in the past. 