A Story of the past and presont; ofordil snary men and ordinary ,things, ii ordi. nary languago., BY: DONALD 'CAMERON. At1IOln OF' lI Tin OLD Os o Tlt r I?iEPNTI' " s5Iv anwAren 0n0,"., ETC. "Be sure thy sin will find thea out." It is a biitiful i lieff :i1 Tliat ever round oair head' Am hoverilng, oanelnng wings, .' 'i S. :Tlhospirits of tle tiled.r ".'?n .. HAPTER'?, ..,: . .It' was a burning' summer's day, on the great geoldfield of Grit !'1oTheT sui hadrisen in a clear' loedless sky nt dawn;, blue as:the purest ultramarino; but, as the burning golden globe of the sun ascended' the heavens, be. coming a leaden' yet glaring fdirk purple, relieved 'with chrome,- on: the "lhorizon-a chrome that encioriched upon the purpleo'as the day grew and the heat staxed fierce. From this terrible setting -'the" nun!shonio upoil the earth with all the power of a giant. burning glass, tili world reflecting the heat with a fierce 'resistance, the result of tlho 'struggle being seen in the mirage whlich mado it? seem as if theo air were in combustion.' And; the world of Grit; upon which thie un sliono that day, was of such a.charnotor snosadded fury to lthe heat, and made it like Nlbuchadneezar's furnace. :. I': " Standing upon:ithlo highest of tlie many hills of Grit, the eye took in an arid expanae of desert, wherein was not to be seen a green thing; 'nothing but yellow and red'. earth, and dingy bluish.grey gum trees-or rather eucalypti scrub,--for the diggers liad ut down thle older treos: Everywhere the eye saw the holes sunk by tih miners, .and their' nccdm panying tuniuli of red, yelldw, white, or gray earth. Far below tho observer could be seen thousands of tents on the flat and hille-tonts no doubt once white, but' now of the provail ing brick-red tone of color that made the heat and dazzle intolerable. : It was a terrible day. So thought thli in. numerable tribes in the heat and dust of Gritty Flat, as they worked away, hauling up tuff from the shfts, the chafte, or rocing tie cradles by tlie muddy waterholes. It was -agreed on Gritty Flat that such a day had not been eo pcrienced since the goldfield had'been opened. But, as the same observation' had been made every day during the past month, the remiark could not carry nmuli 'weight.:' Upon 'one thing, however, thod diggers agreed thit the only way to 'rolioevethl outer man '.wae'by pouring liquid"into the inner-a belief' well carried out, for all day theroe was a constant stream to the straggling street of' tents called the town. Itwas a long street; straight, geometrically speaking, but orooked to the ox tremo. in 'its 'ways.- There,' on this fearful day, beer and brandy of very dubious quality were retailed fizzing hot-for the tents were famous heat conductors; and the thermometer would liavo registered over 100 'degrees if placed in any of the liquids. .Red-hot bharmeon )tood in front of the wooden structures called bars, retailing brandy and perspiration at the same time. NUmerous 'customers who had imbibed thoso'decoetions and been too earnest in their devotions to:Beecchus, had fallen in thi unequal strifo; and the newcomers had to step over their forms., ! !'.!. What a 'sight 'was Gritty. Gully lhat day. Thousands ef tents glistened and.blistered in thie sun as if an army hlid entamped thero'to do battle withi un,enemy. ':And it waS so. The army of Mnammon had sought this once quiet spel,!and.lt to routthasylvan gods tlht abode thers'in peace formyriads of yehrs. Henceforwnrd it was tobe a bansyi.lhnnt-of 'the'great rnae which seems destined to fill the world: the Anglo-Saxon-thle race that fears neither climate, disease, nor deth. . Even now the institutions of the great Mother-land 'were in full force. '?Where the carroso is teore' will the eagles be gathered together. Whero Englishmnen are there will be whiskey arid public meetings. At the time weo enter upon :tlihe scene tihe public square was filled with thousands of diggers who were holding a meeting about 'their rights in dofl nac of the blazing sun. On a barrel-kept in its place by a couple of stalwart miners-a furious denigogue was holding forth on the rights of Britons who never would be slaved except to the drink fiend; ;' who would Ihave this, that, and the other thing if their, blood Were to.flow around. thmn-but a flow of whisnkeyk nas the more likely event. ,Every Inow and thllen the demagogue's adnmirers would hnnd him a large black bottlo from which ho drow knopiration and rtulrned to hIis task of vilifying his 'commissilon:amidst the clheers of the crowd that' ealaimed, as 'with onievoice, lFino fellow, Bunakum, 1He takes his liquor Slike an.' lm lnpe "Fellow countrymen 1" ' shouted the de. InngoguOe-his face as fiery. as the sun above le inad. Aro~ ou to be slaves, to work in Lhss gully to feed such ' vanmpire na0 that 7" hlnu?aing his lugo. red fist at thelo opposite hill known as the camp, where the goldilolds' comminaloner was supposed to be restipg in fl)o lap of luxury under a double-roofed tent. W:' Vill you til 'until blood dozes front your finges, that he nay all joy til fat ptlio landn, T nlgialk his einend .nýd oko Iis I igalr- e scat IInnpnsae.t Yeiyopr epele 7 .Never I" At "Iooray l oarlo frbpg a Gngpsopn?h thnepts. A this particutar wtoge ?ev;ral iglthd crowd &eca.;?h itirittdde?'hedllp -thinkipgof. theo r aVoni s kndo war y of, lpr?iidng a'safnty v.u fore their feelingse; ;ashold ipto tie per. sons,waho did :iot cheer, which was presurnp 'tive evidence that they were in league with thoftyrants; and a few lhundreds were hard at fisticeffs, hitting awayat random,.and for the; love of the thing. :These ructions were glbrious, and the diggers thoroughly enjoyed them.; ,'Fellow: countrymen "' .: cried .Bunakum, whose pronunciation was now becoming thick, As thatjiglorious sun. shines resplendent, [l Hooray,':slhouted those not engaged, in the combat,' delighted at the use of such a big phraso]--in the heavens above, 'supreme, so shall'your rightobo vindicated; and you shall triumph over this. fell and' cruel tyrant. Another drop, Bill.'" . The last words were addressed to one of his supporters, who at once complied by handing him the 'bottler : Bunakum took agpowerful draught, and then,-, gazing . over the crowd, attempted: to speak, but: utterly failed. .,He gave another idiotic look,:and then fell back into the arms of.fhis friendse, who bore him away' to: the nearest lhanty;. amid the com miseration of all. "It was too much for his feelings," was thl, general: expression-of course the liquor could have had nothing to do with it; .,He had fallen in a noble cause. The platform was now mounted by a rather younger man.:. Hoi,wns tall, and although strong,: of omewhat. ungainly make. - His face, !red hair, 'and beard,- marked him as Scotch, orof. Scotch descent. His counten ance bore' a strange min,, ing of the sensual and, the intellectual;,: in the- mouthr and' jaw! the.: former predominated, and in 'tho brow the latter. , The features were hard and unprepossessing :except when hlo pleased and then therem was a, great fascination in his face. A frown, howevever, was the general expression, and. the face conveyed the idea of great distotisfastion with himself and the whol wonrld. His was the face of a man whq had great expectations, and had, found them vanish like the visionseof a happy night. No wonder that he was not over popular with the diggers.., .. " Hector Macinnes is going to spout I" cried the diggers. H He'snot much account l' Too "H..!Ho doesn't take much grog," said ah in dividual,;well advanced towards that happy stage, '".that 'counts for it..' .' . ..This was accepted by all as a good and suf froient reason for Hector's: dryness. Hector spoko: in a; very. different style to that of Bunakum. , He put, the 'matter in dispute very clearly, and sought to point out the best way, of settling 'it, eschowing all appeals to the passions,,fighting for their rights, repeat ing tho'Eureka 'Stockado episode, &o.;, oe. His remarks were coldly listened to by. the crowd, although he was recognised as "one : l:Hcaor-nid, poken about flfteen minutes when a woman elbowed lher way towards the barrel. - She .lid once been beautiful.. The traces of a fine skin and pleasing features were still visible; but an irregular life under the, son of Victoria made her not altogether sufliciently presentable in a drawing room. She too was evidently. suffering from' the general complaint. . .' Come home,- Hector," sho said mildly. " 'What are you doing, blathering hero whlen you oughlt to beo atwork? Come now; none of your nonsense and blatherskiting. Got off that' and come home with me, or things will be worse fdr'you."'? Hector Macinnes blushed scarlet., A ter rible scowl clouded his face.- - .. : '.Go home, Janet,'"he said, ! I'll follow." S'Nonsense, cried: the woman, "I won't. You'll have, to come. . That's flat. For, if I leave'you hero you'll go on talking'till all's blue; and I may-sit at home till I grow.a fixture before you, come. I won't move till you come with me." - Hector hMcinnesr shut his teeth,' and, glaring at the woman as if ues could have killed her, jumped-off the platfornrsand walked away with lher, amid'the deafening jeers and laughteir of the. assembled crowd that vastly enjoyed the scene. ",Tiere'll be a row at their tent to-night, I bet,"cried one. " She is a Tartarlr And he's got a devil of a temper. You can see. it in his face." " It is a shame for a man like him to be disgraced by that woman," said a -young fellow. :- .,- - " Disgraced I" cried an'Irishwoman, with a face like a full moon. " Shlre and didn't slie kape him from shltarving? None iv your disgrace, my flash fellow." "He'll be the death of her-yet," said a man in. the crowd.;- "It's only last week lee was up at the court for beating liher next to death's door." Such mera the scenes'of the early digging times. Some may cavil with us for repro ducing them; but it is false philosophy to be eternally whitening the sepulchre. It is a necessity for the development of this story that' we should depict such sceones. It is a necessity if we are to be true'historians of the past and the present-the one 'growing out of the other. We have to take the world as we find it, not as we would wish it were.- : : - -CHAPTER iI. . - C P At the. time, this scene was taking place on Gritty Flat, Janet's only son was faking his siesta, and enjoying the dolce far sieate on one of the amphitheatrical hills that looked down upon the valley of Grit, under the thin shade of ,an aged eucalypti which had escaped the ravages of the diggers because it griew on the asummit,'- and was, loft as a landmark henco tlie oaiininco :was.calldd One Tree Hill. He was a'rather pituresqud lad, just emiierging Tfron eariy:, bbyhood, but yet some removes from a man." To dress he made no particular pretence, and'lad no right to. An old Cali. fornian list, fully entitled to be called a veh tilator,'eovered hise head, or-rather theo back of itJfei it taas the fashion of those times to wear, thiio lirt tn the brck of the head.- His clothes wero'of a most miscollaneous descrip tion. ,The coat was many sizeai too small, the trousers largo enoughr for a Dutchman, and the whole covered with yellow clay. His was rather a handsome face, as far as could be judged through the dust that adhered to it. The features were, perhaps, a trifle saucy and bold;' but the pleasant good humor pervading them, the rog~uish twinkle of the eyes, and the sweet smile upon his lips made him a loveable lad-one,no person could dislike. Easy good nature seemed his characteristic. There was am oeasy, dovil.may:care, lhppy-go-luoky looke 'hbout' him that told mightily in his favor. His forni, too, attracted attention: What is pleasanter than to gaze on the human figure, when it has begun to develop and fill out into tlio' rounded outliries of youth? And Jack's limb weore beginning to fill-out; and well formed they wire, though no iigenious tailor had'helpad to didilay them.' - Onthle whold, lhoveiveir, 'i-bLu h' thluogle ise alrpcaraoicd, no girl budding Iteo womanhood could have passed him witlhout casting upon him an ap proving glanceoi were sie possessed of any taste at all, SfThere-was also another fact apparent when one looked at Juiokl he was very lazy, The very'pohs of his limbs dearionstrated fltt, -lo ought, by rights, to heavo been peggineg away with a opik in one of tie innumerabl bur rows on thle hideops flat beneath him. aut what was the good ofiwork on such a hot day as this ? Vans it not better to sit here rnder under the shade of a f-reat tree, in a dry land, than to pr'spire.napny down there?- Jack didp't earoe;uhele abopt gpll, If he got his inoals enfl,-a snijiig or s-ao to spend oe thea lriflps sp deer to Is. oyhioa he'wis hepy. :It o iHbe ot nponglh to iwork slen he grew blg.;;Ies-lhd tosgrowe , Irh rgedt andohard work itdn'teaggee ,itlh goevsing kayso. :; - Yet hlie felt somenc little compuinction' for being so idle. He know his mother, Janet Mrs. Meldon, otherwise Mrs. Macinnis, alas I -was slaving away at .the wash-tub to keep the pot boiling.. Tho'young fellow's heart was touched when hlie thought of that, and he almost raised himself from his comfortable pose. Wiser counsels prevailed, however,. and arguing that when the cold weather came he would get a horse and snako a pile, he fell comfortably to sleep. It was very pleasant. Even the moequito's had gone to,.leep. WhY should lie not rest while thes?, tormenters were torpid? So he slept the happy'sleep of boyhood.. .. OHAPTER III. Some years befoe: osir story openso the great goldfield of Grit was undiscovered.. The muddy stream that was now dammed up in yellow waterholes,' at that time flowed gently over its sandstone bed-that is in winter. The wattle and the gum-trees grew luxuriantly around; the herbage clothed the banks, while innumerable flowers covered the meadowsor crimsoned the sterile ranges.` The sun' rose and the sun set on the same scene day after day. 'A little' above 'where the township of Grit rose now, a simple hut had been built by the squatter who leased the block of coun try; and there he placed a man who was known by the niame of Bunakum, because he had a flux of words, but his real name was Meldon. With Bunalkum had come his wvife, a pleasant, good creature, who acted as house lieeper,.and who was then, of. all women, the mildest and tihe sweetest. With her was the boy Jack,..Bunakum's son, a little younger than when we made his acquaintance, but in character the same. Bunncum herded a flock on the southoside of Gritty Gully, Jack alflock on the north side. Jack's run was the best; there were a few plains upon it, and tihe dingos were less plentiful, for these astute animals preferred Bunakum's run, whIre there were wooded ranges, caverns, and places of concealment, from whence they could issue and attack the flock. To Jack was also given a flock of wetlhers, easy.going creatures like himself. But to' Bunakum was accorded a flock of querulous, il- tempered ewes, which were never satisfied with their feed, but ran hither and thither, and separated into little foraging bands; thus presenting an opportu nity for the enemy to attack. Jack, there fore, had a glorious life, especially as hel hap pened to got a dog which perfectly understood his master's ways. He had picked himpip'in this way: Coming across a dray that had come up from Melbourne, hlie found the bul. lock-driver about to drown a litter of pups, to which his slut had given birth while he was in camp. Jack was struck with the ap pearance of a little black and white puppy, and, asked the bulloel-driver to give it him. This pup he reared up with all the fondness a poor lonely little boy must feel for a dog or any other animal that is his own ; and Spot fully repaid his master. ,Spot could do everything but speak, and even that he attempted. He know what Jack wanted without being told. If Jack went to sleep, often the case, Spot watchedtheo flock and kept them close to the place where Jack lay-occupying his time in running backward and forward.. Even the'starting of a` kanga' roo-rat, enticing though it was, would not move Spot to forsake his charge. Several of the dingo ladies, having sinister intentions towards the pet wethers, tried their blandish merits on Spot. But he was proof against all. He was a faithful fellow, and loved only one creature in the world--his master. Jack had several pets: a magpie, which was pre ternaturally acute, and a kangaroo rat which regularly amused him in the evening as it washed its.whiskers ; but Spot was the favor ite. What is more. touching than the perfect love of a dog ? The man who does not feel his heart warm towards his dog cannot be good. When friends and loved ones forsake when fortune vanishes, there is still one crea ture that will be faithful, that will follow though you have nothing to give, that will watch faithfully over your dead corpse; and thlat creature is your dog. Away from home, with Spot, the sheep, and nature, Jack was alwayshappy. Wandering amongst the vales and hills, studying the flowers, wondering abdut'tlleir mysteries, or sleeping in the shade of the trees, his, was a life of quiet content that know no cloud. True, it waas a life that made. one very lazy, but then it was very happy. Only when he came home did tlhe shadows fall upon him.. There he was sure to find a bad-tempered father, who continually complained of being shut up in the wilderness, whereas his proper place was the big city, the senate, the bar. Why had he ever married? If it were'not for Janet and this boy he would now be a dis. tinguished man. Over and over. Jack was told in the presence of his mther that she ias n ignorant, and low; whereas the father, had the greatest of minds, which had been condemned to obscurity by the conjunction. Poor woman, she bore all this very well, and did her best to make the little hut pleasant She boiled tihe salt junk well, baked excellent damper, tidied up the few'things, and'even attempted a little garden to "kitchen " to the salt beef. But the soul of Bunakum was not to be comforted. He felt it a duty to sacrifice some one to his lost fame, and Janet was the victim. At times, indeed, the poor' creature was aroused, and then followed sceines that disturbed the happy current of Jack's life. When the battle between them began, Jack would run out, call Spot, and' dart away into the thick woods to hunt 'possums. It was an evil night for these little fellows when Janet and Bunacum quarrelled. There was one mode, however, of'pacifying Bungkum, and Janet often adopted it. She was sometimes able to sell a few cabbages and eggs, at a good figure, to the bulloock drivers who went up and down' the road; if the duetsy track could be so called; and, wit th the few shillings so obtained she would buy a bottle rum. When Bunakum came home in the evening, with a disposition to fight everything, from Janet to the guam trees, she would pro duco this peace-offering, and the face of: Bun. akum softened into lines of peace-he would even kiss her and caress Jack; Then would he, the mighty' man, sit downc at the table, and indulge in libation after libation, teolling, at the samne time, stories of what he had done and what he had not done-the latter pro. dominating-and entering into speculations as to what he. would have done had he the opportunity.' He would insist'on Janot, and Jack partaking, and so he laid the foundation of the evil which camo thereafter. ; ~ Aasr the hut was.not far off tho road, stran gers sometimes called, and were very welcome, for, in a lone spot like thisl a noew face was Paradise. Bunakum then would be in his element,' asd ho :would often send Janet nfi to shepherd the flook, sothat he milght lhave his fill of ths news of tlhe dani, sid discuess politics to his heart's content. It the stranger had a flask of spirits-and everyone carried one in those days-so much the better. One lay a stranger cane-a young man. No one was at home but Janet, IHe stayed all day, and the two conversed long together. That yogng'man was hIector Iacinis. He had coma to Mclbopone some time before Iroli Scotland, and had been pitied by the proprietors of one of the papers in that tluen very small metropiolis, who hlad senct him on a tour to report on thIe various districts. How kind Janet was tohim; howlher teodgosees 'eoG upon this' young gnan who hadlnot gmt \eitleafeeling lieart sinc l.ho causto this provinco--for Victoria was not a And that dae?' lee began that jvQ Ugeal wrought su6hfatatl consequences : Hector' liad a flask of brandy; and o'lho was received 'with open arms by Bunakum. Ho was good to Jackwho listened awcstricken' to the superior -conversation of this 'mani But hle 'as a politician, and that was balm to Bunakuim. Long after Jack and his mother' had retired, the twosat up discussing matters, and draining the flask. ' SHe stayed several days there. Poor Janet I Little sh' knew the dangerous serpent that was wreathing itself around her heart while this straniger conversed alone with her, when Jack and Bonakum had departed 'to herd their flocks in the silent'bush; 'When he went there was a void in their hearts. Janet was greatly troubled. This man'had made an' impression which sunk deeper 'and'.deeper into her 'soul until it bore fruit of siii'and sorrow. ' ' 'L' "'. *'. ," . , 'How the poor thing loved her son I How,' when Buunkumi had vented all the' arowos'of his scorpion temper upon her,'she would fold the boy to her heart, and;. weeping'lberally, -would tell him that ho'was 'hr only'hbpoe,i'e sole comfort. '' - 'And so time went on. Buinakum and Jack wandered 'day after day over the expanse of Grit, never thinking of the millions and mil lions in gold that lay beneath their feet. They saw the huge quartz m iides' that'rose 'up from' the hills; never dreaming of the un told wealth they concealed. Jack even played in the gully after the rains had been,heavy, and aw 'glittering yellow specs lying there, but never heeded them. Poo'boy I he had never seen gold. And lie would have been happier if it had been his lot'not to see it. 3 But 'a change speedily camne. Gold was found' at -Bathurst, at Ballarat; and: wild reports of the new El Dorados' came even to this sequestered spot.' Bunakum talked of giving up shepherding, and seekirg his for tune';, but, having no money, his resblves came to nothing. .. : . About seven miles away from Bunakism's hut there was'-that of another shepherdi Bill White.' Bill had a'wife'and daughter-a little girl; who,though only a'child, had to herd a flock of sheep. ' : I, Jack first made her' acquaintance one hot day, when their sheep got:boxed-the techni cal term for the flocks mixing together. oJack had been asleep and so had Bertha, and the sheei; seeing' one another;:had run together, notwithstanding all the' efforts of Spot; who barked and ran about like a demented dog. -Lassy, Bertha's dog, had also'tried to keep her sheep back; but, failing in' this,'she sought a quarrel with Spot, that creature being, in' her mind, responsible for all the damage. Spot; however; took little notice' of Lassy, but ran off to his master; whom he soon awoke. Jack's first idea was to find the shepherd of the other flock, and give him' a thrashing-that is, if he were able. -When he came, however, upon little Berthla,'crying as if inconsolable, with Lassy sitting on her hind legs, and setting up an unearthly howl, all his anger vanished. ' - "Oh II- shall b bea bnt to death," cried Bertha. "Father and mother will kill me." " Don't be frightened, littlo'girl," said Jack, hopefully; ""we'll draft them.'. Jack had used. the -,words little girl, advisedly. 'He' looked' upon hiiself a a man. Even in.her sorrow, Bertha.objected to be called a little girl, especially s her monitor was not such a'giant himself;.' However; she' was grateful for his kind words, and went to lheli him. The flocks were hopelessly niixed, how ever,-and were baaing away in a style that beat Babel, the sheep' running hither and thither to finSl their companions. Here and there boxing matches were going on between opposing squadrons. Jack, forming a platoon of his flock by themselves, separated them from the rest, and got Bertha and the dogs to stand between; so: that' grdually' the sheep began to seek their mates. But it was very hot work; and at one time Jack entertained little hopes of effectually separating' the two flocks. ' . : He woas running about after fugitives, perspiring a river, when a loud voice shouted, "Holloa; what's this?" Jack turned, and beheld three men, and 'a boy about his : own - age, carrying swags. They had also things that he had never seen before-tin dishes nnd picks. " " Our flocks got boxed," said Jack, simply. " Oh I"' said one of the strangers, an embrowned, handsome youth. I 'spect you two were courting; and let your flocks get mixed' up.: However, what do you soy if we give these 'children some help; and get them out of a scrape. Depend upon it, they'll got into hot-water if they go home with their sheep boxed; at all events, they'll gt their cars boxed." . ' ,"And so they' ought," said the boy; a lanky, thin-faced fellow, 'who certainly did not seem the most amiable of mortals. " Shut 'ul, Obadiah," said the young man. " Come on, boys, let's help them." ' - And with the help of the new auxilories, the two flocks were soon separated, which was the easier because one was wethers, tho other ewes. Jack got his flock in order, and, getting them near a large fallen tree, he made them pass' before him and counted "them. The 'number was right-50S. Jack thanked the men, particularly the good-natured youth who 'had first'suggested lelp. As for'tho boy, Obadiah,'he had stood by tormenting Bertha, and telling hdr that if she had been a. good girl this would not have occurred. Jack'felt a strong inclination to punich his head. . After ,this'i.as over,.the young manhwho had'assisted 'Jack 'began to question hiim about. the: country, and asked if he had seen 'any gold hereabouts. To'this Jack replied that he hed heard of'gold, but had never seen it;'---, - 1- - - , I. :- -",, ý '. ", STheyoug fellof dr6ew a shining sovereign out of his pooket; aind:showed it to 'Jack' and Bertha: ?"' " - * I"Why;' I'o een somo sand in th coreebk 'like ,that," -said' Bertha I'who, dirseed in"' little'print':frook, with ai unearthly look ing' hood, rade of' white calico, with' obrd run through to stiffen it, stood' by, uite 'a little guy in the visitors' eyes. e So have I,"said Jack., ' . S" Whereabouts ?" exclaimed the party, now all interest. . ; Jack ? thought it only right to sihow theso good strangers'the plao'; and, tolling Sp6t'to "hool' 'em up," that sagacious' canino individual drovo the flock down'to the 'river, whero Jack showed the men a little hole wliere the water flowed over thoesandstono rook. - . ' '' ' "'. '' " The young man took ai elovelful of the drift, and' carefully washed it in the tin dish, while all stood by watching ;'A fdw niinlites, and about half an ounice of beautiful'yellow\ sand, as ?ertha'called it, lay at the biottott bf the disl;sat off by some blcnk stuff ---emry, people named it then,; but it was black sand, theor o of tin--perlaps iriditim ': "'" ' They held tholr breath. - :' '"-' . - , - "Found I" said theo young man; drawing a deep 'sigh. " Emily,. Emily,- we shall be happyl" .. -' "~o'll pitch our'tent at oncb, and mark out ai claim," said the selder of lthe party, Obadiah's fathei. " As for you; children, you had better-go and mind your flocks, or thley'll get boxed again." "Whomr do you live ?" asked the 'young m an .' ' '. *.*'' :- - ',' Up the creek a bit," said Jack; '" ' ",' .ell, gbbdhbye, my boy," saie hn young fellow, very kindly and elookl ' Jou ck's hand. ,] vW'nt,forgetyou," .', . -', ':' . :ii I ;] And .otilioiveand; Jaci went I bock - to, the hbillBs \vondering in their simpio mind s to what the men veer about, i,,llart5hjlie]h sd i' some strange things; but Jueick set her down as ignorant, and gave his word tlhat the men were digging. He 'had lieard of it before, ho said, and 'ho know something, whild Bertha .know nothing. A. pleasalt , evening they spent, sitting uinder the'shad of the tree under which-wa left Jaek bleeping, while the flocks fed at a safe. distdhco from edchl other, kept in order by Spot and" Lassy, who, however,- found tinti to iitrerchango compliments--canine fashion. Bertha thought Jack such a nice boy, and Jack thought Bertha a pretty little girl. Innbocence so soon to pass away. That day.week, a great change came over Grit. Although, William Brown (such was the ljntined of the 'young man'who separated Jack's and Bertha' flocks) and his matos hbd':tried to' kep the discovery quiet,:.the news spread like wildfire. Many of the other goldfields then discovered were overstocked, and the monment the now rush was thdecry, there' came from the east and from the vest, fr'om the south and from the north, thousands and thounsands to try their fortunes. The rioch yields of the first claims spiread thoenews over the whole of.Australia. Ship after ship\vas coming to the shores of Victoria, and' their passengere i rushed like madmen to Grit. Shepherds let their flocks wander- unherded, a prey to the. dingo; squatters sprang into the saddle and galloped away from their homesteads; farmers throw aside their ploughs; carpenters discarded the chisel, and, with eager desire, all made for the new Eldorado. The roads were crowded with wayfarers.' Not a sun Tose but it beheld a new array of tents. '.No magician over created so sudden a change. The 'possums; the 'kangaroos, and the. blackfellows fled before the tide; the fldwers and the grass died away; the trees began to vanish like mist; the little stream changed from blue to a dirty yelldw.' In less than a montli one hundred thousand human beings were congregated .on Gritty Flat; and, where the blackfellow.had held.hisu.corroboreo by the lights of blazing fires, European civilisation was to be seen. Talk of magicians of old I they are fools to that'great magician- gold. It could not be expected that Bunakum and White would resist all this. They were amongst the first to throw up their situations and rush to the field. In less than a fortnight Jock and Bertha exchanged their quiet huts to tents 'on: Gritty Flat, their flocks for the mining cradle. Both were scared at first at .the sudden change, which it took. some .time for their intellects to comprehend.. Lassy and 'Spot, also, were quite bewildered for a time, and mdch troubled in their simplo'minds about the innumerable number of burs the now people had brought with th em; bit they, too, soon became accustomed to' the great change. ' In three months, the quiet pastoral sceen we ha've pictured' ceased to be, and one who had seen Gritty Flat 'then would never have known it now. SBit.this was not the only change. i CHAPTER IV. , It would have been an easy matter for Bunakum to make his fortune now. Before him lay many an unturned acre of linaturo's domain, beneath which the glittering ore lay waiting to be unehrthed, ButBunakum pro. ferred to let it rest there, or to allow others to releoase it. Noble soull :why should he be condemned to grub in the bowels of the earth, when his mind soared 'so far above the gro. velling natures that surrounded him ? These earth-grubbers had no brains, and they should esteem'it at honor to support a man of mind. Therefore, so long as enthusiastio' diggers bowed down at his eloquence, liberally shouted for him, and lent half-sovereigns occasionally, why'should he swelter in the sunbeams, em brown his face,and harden his hands? Perish the thought I 'He was made to command, not to work. - So he became a loafer and agitator, and a mighty man of words. -.In these timnes, a public meeting was one of the principal amusements of the diggers; and this amusement Bounakum was over ready to provide. Did a man lose his claim, or did he think himself in any wise aggrieved, he went straight to Bunakum, and instanter the Bell man was. sent round,, and an indignation meeting held; whereat, mounted on a stump or barrel, Bunakum poured forth a torrent of language which neither himself nor his hearers clearly understood, and which was, therefore, looked upon as a masterly effort of elocution. The diggers wanted a. spouter, as they had neither time nor ability in that line, and in Bunakum, theyhad the right. man. A great publio orator must have an enemy, therefore Bunakum conjured, one up in the Commis sioner, a haughty official; who was ever made the beginning and the end of his attacks. In glowing language would Dunakum depict the luxurious life thatfell tyrant led, whtile others were slaving away their lives to keep in, state a despot. Of course, Bunkum never thought of him self, except as a horny-handed son of toil. To judge by. his speeches, he, was the hardest working manr on tihe diggings-a perfect slave. Janet found that unless she adopted some means of, support, herself, and her son would starvein this golden gully, for Bunakum never lbrought any money.homo. Indeed he very seldom- visited the little tent, so-called, unless he .vaos "stumped."; :Hewas a, confirmed diner out, generally managing to make a call, on political business, at some tent which he know.to be well provided, giving in exchange for his,, meal some homily on . patriotism, working his entertainers up to agony point at .the close, about that." damned despot, wivho, .Bunakum assured his hearers, was thirsting for his blood.., , Men of Grit,' he would say, t if you find myiody at;tho:bottom of a shaft one day, pierced.vith bullets, bury me;o I beg ,of you to burymebeneath the CampHill(the cometry, liad been fixhel there), that my grave may,everblie a reproach to my murderer-that itemay remind you,'noble ominors of Grit; of the earnesfman, who did so much for your cause.!: Then he would begin to shed tears, and would not be consoled until the brandy bottloewas brought forth... - : Jabot at first tried to: earn a little by oradlitngtha .tailingos, with Jack's assistance; butfinding the sun affected her head, she turned to the inevitable resource of lovely .woman; the washtub. Washing was high, and doon, by means of her tub, she managed topli?e pretty comfortably; in consequence of swlhich, Bunakum stayed at home for dinner oftener. But Janet could not explain how it was that she had begun to alniost hate her husband. Sl8e wasa simple-hearted creature; this woman, and she strove to keep down her dislike, because she thought it her duty. Still it grew and grew, and was added to by every insult; and they were many which Bunakum lieaped upon her. She could not keep downi tho thought that this man was a mean, low, dirty loafer, and so she grow to hate him. There was -only one aspect in which sheo would tolerate him-n-as thefather of her dear, dear Jack. ;.1NMother," Jack would spy, aa tioey sat at the tent door of an evening, watching the moon rise in all her glory over the hills of Grit, " I'll work for you a soon as I'mn strong aidd yoii'llnot hars to slave at the washtub on these terribly hot days." And mother and son would kim had caress. Ahi thit was thie happiest time for them. \- -A mothler'slove l Unsearchable, unfathom able-liks unto nothing, except tham lovo of God. ' .*A son's0lovo forch mothor Thmost beautiful and holy logo in this world, sxcept thio love of e"insthierbr.her Loe?:m 4 "s . ..-, Feed from all limpuriltyfrdm..aLhel?hslnosoe , that clogd other affections; thee'ee rsemble the love' of th Alinighty Father,' who sent' His only Soi to die for us. " '3Bertha and'Jaick saw each other very often now; inideed,'they were playfellows every day. Both of themi felt a'void in their existence. They had nothing to do. 'After all, it was a pleasure for, them to herd the sheep. ' It was fine to open the hurdles in the morning, call the"dog,' ands follow'the'eheeppbout over the grassy, wooded hills, wlhere tho .wild' flowers grew, the birds'sang, the cicadas tereed, tereed, and the winds Whispered mysteriously thriough the branches of'the gum trees, where adven tures with lizards, and snakes, and 'possums, with' the oocasional' disdovery of a wild'bees' nest, broke the monotony. Then'theoeffect of the abrupt charige from a quiet life to this great bustle; made th., children for 'a while shrink'into themselves, and feel utterly at 'a loss. As for Spot'and Larry, a deep' melan choly fell'"upon them.. Spot spent fully a month. trying td comprehend how he could live without herding sheep, and then gave it up... e ehad nothing to do except fight with Sthe innumerable strazige ours that found their way to Grit every day; and that ini time grew monotonous. Indeed, he became a sad 'dog; She felt as if he were not wanted; as if'he had I no business in this world. The only times his face lighted up with a canine smile was when a flock of sheep was drivei 'past the gully, when he would erect-his tail, and 'give emission to. a few joyful barks, eying his master anxiously for the words of command "Hell 'em," "Round 'em up, boy,"'&c.;, and then, when they had' passed swithouta these words being uttered, he would fall into his old moping ways. When Jack'at last went to work; for, young as'he was~ he did not want tphlive upon his mother, Spot would lie at the mouth of the hole; and reflect on his own utter uselessness. Lassy had many compunc tions on the point at first, but, making several aequaintances at the butcher's shop;" she gradually grew accustomed to the new order of things, especially'a s she' used' to wander about with'her mistress, who found a pretence for seeking-the quietude of the bush, m herd ink two rather acute goats her father kept, nimails which Lassy plainly despised;-' ". : i Afew months after the goldfield of Grit was discovered, 'Hector Macinnis again appeared upon the scene. He had a very pleasant smile-when he. liked to smile, whloh was seldom. He was not ill-made, and there was a peculiar way about him, that to some had an irresistible charm." Now, Janet was not much above Hector's own age; and she was very handsome then; she had no company when'Jack was away, except'the'tubesand the flat irons-good things in their way,'but apt to become dull.' Our Lord, who so thoroughly understood the weak points of our nature, put into His universal prayer the solitence, "Lead us not into temptation;' and since His advent,. the wonderful wisdom" of that petition'has been ' contiinually - demoristrated; althoughi human moths will still try'the'feat of flying around the flame. This was what Hector and 'Janen were doing.' It was rather.anunldesir able experiment. Someliow Janet began to feel very dull When Hector was absent1 and people found her to be very'cros 'then:. Sihe was never in better temper thnn'when sheo had put by her work, tidied herself up,lit' the lamp in the little "parlor" of the tent, which wasl quite a model of neatness, having a 'sfa and chairs covered with chintz-a - great novelty on the diggings-seot the tea table, and made everything snug for the night. ' Hector and Jack would then come home, and they would hiove tea; arid how pleasant would be the chat, how delightfully the 'even ing: would pass 'away; 'Hector 'reading or writing, and Janet ironing or mending the clothes of her unsophisticated customers." Of1 course, Jack went' out after tea, 'possum hunting, or playing with other boys orBertha. It was strange, how pleased Janet would be when Hector woild'look up, and give her that smile which was so peculiarly his, and give up reading for a while, to-converse with her. ' As for Bunakum, he was always away drinking and speechifying. Janet never thought of mentioning money matters; she was getting along! pretty well, and after all,' no doubt, Hector would pay her back when matters went better with him. If this pleasant intercourse were at all marred or clouded, it was by the conclusion which occasionally forced itself on her mind, that HeItor was vastly superior to her; that he was better educated, and had moved in (to her) good society;' while she, poor girl, had never been in a better furnished room than her own little parlor. But then, why banish the gleam of sunshine ? She was happy, in his society, that was all, and no more would come of it. Ah I trust not the human heart, so desperately treacherous.. ' ' How did it come about at last? What need to tell? It was the slow, steady work of days, and weeks, and months-tho: ripple ripple of the water undermining the roots of the great oak. ' ..' ' '. Neither were to blame, except in' not flying from each other when they felt the first; tightening of thlio chain that was to. drag them to perdition. 'Her' mind gradually lost' its balance, and liking, friendship;'. was followed by deep, passionate, irresistible, overwhelming love." She fell a willing sasri flee.' He did not love her, at least in the mad way in which 'she loved him; but who, at his age, can, resist temptation when he' sees -he has brought to his feeta'lo'vely womaun? :Yet,i it must be confessed, he felt 'qualms, itrongu qualms:' 'He felt, he kneow;that this must end in something dreadful, that he would1 have to thrust this loving 'womnan"away from him into outer darkness ; that' by this acnot he would" be'degrading himself, and 'that it' would be'a stigma on his name for ever- that name-which he intended to b'e so brilliant. Butlove and beauty were before him: Youthful passions were strong, andw--why write the est? ' 'It'is an old;old story. :'' - 'W0 pass'over the guilty life of the pair for some time afterwards.. During the greatest part of' that: time: the mighty Hector was suppodrted by Janet. Only latterly had he been again engaged by the newspaper. Still that man had, almost immediately after his fall, began to 'feel disgust, not only at Janet, but 'at himself. How his proud spirit gnaived his heart as he took; day by day, the bread necessary to his sustenance' from the hands of her he had so wronged. Succeidsliad resolved him to break the ties that bound him to this woman. He hated her more and more every day, and this she was not long in noticig. Women are very quick in this; they soon find whether the fire bf love burns or has died out to cold ashes. Now,' there had recently, in compliance' 'with the increasing civilization of Grit, been established a very well got up hotel at a bustling corner; and, over the destinies of the neqtly-furnished bar, there presided a lady newly arrived from the "Land o' the Leal," by, name, Miss Prulenece Macrunth. Her charms were a trifle lecightened by the adven titious aid of art; and she had come to Gritty Gully to make her fortune in the matrimonial inarket. She was resolved not only to'please her eye but also her pocket; and, although a hand some young man, well to do; would be the acme of perfection in her own opinion, yet she would not be averse to an old or ugly man if he nod the solid requirements that mads up ,for suuol disadvantages. For tunately, however, she very early set her eyes upon I?tolor, and at once madeo up hler mind that if Heaven had created a man to suit her, he was that man. Having settled this sntisfaictorily in her own mind, shel at once began such an attaok oupen hihin, giving him the prtoereusc over numberless admirers, that lho l4, flatteroed'.at first, and finally bowed I down to, thqi leauty, and' gave himsdif up as ' her slave. The love that ho oughf;o)ig?h felt for poor Janet, who had sacrificed allito him,,was ,given to this vain woman, wlho,'in giving him the preference,; merely gratified herself. . , ' ,Unfortunate Janet II Quickly did she dis,. cover that she had lost all for which she had perilled her welfare here and hereafter.. .That he, for whom she had done so much,, had ceased to love her-nay, hated her.. She,savg it in his looks, in his answers to her.. ereoesn, 'and then the woman fell lower and lower, and became, what we found her at the open. Ba.ender' remember, that we. arewriting of real life, of everyday mortals, and bear with us if it seem to you that we have waidered out of our domain. ? . . ,, . ..It will be asked; " What had. become; of B]nakum all this time?". , MlWell, that worthy found in the infidelity of his.wife a now cause for sympathy; a now claim on the contributions of the miners. When he was turned out of Janet's house 'how she loathed the man-he at once sought his friends at the bar, and shed eopious floods of tears, which the diggers hastened to alsuage with draughts of alcohol. He beseeched them to bury him at once, as his honor could not stand this last insult, which he felt convinced had been brought about by the commissioner, whose friend he knew Hector to be. He clutched a brandy bottle, wildly, and. cried out for a saword .that he might stab to the heart this serpent which he nurtured in .his .bosom, only to turn and sting'him. Had not this man lived' upon him? had he not been kept from starvation by him (Bunakum)? Was there justice in this land? No I the despot of the camp decreed that liberty should he bound in chains, arid wrong,triumph over right. 'He hated him'(Bunakumr),' and' this was his 'revenge. But they, the nlobe-learted miners of; Grit; Would see him righted; they wovbld lay himn inhis grave, and then 'destroy the monster who had killed him: To all this the diggers listened, theo mor ignorant syiupathising, the intelligent highly enter. tained. Indedil, all of them enjoyed tihe thing anmazingly. It was the talk of Grit for days, although 'auch .affairs were nothing unusual-then. The:capital Bunhkum made out of this, the half- sovereigns and sovereigns lie collected, 'the innumerable cheap drinks he obtained, arid the?. general sympathy fully miade. up:foir all. Indeed, 'so well did he thrive upon' it, and 'so accommodating 'was his dispgeoiion; that, ere. long, he became quite' reconciled to. Hector, and, as we have seen, had spoken' at' the same meeting with him. ` ':' :Jack had beea brought, up in such a poor vway.that' hd was 'not ably to understand the full mneaning of what' had occurred.. He did dislike Hector,and 'he certainly had very' littled filial 'feeling, so the affair passed off amicably 'enough with him. He 'didn't see much difference.' But' latterly, Ire; had 'noticed, young as he was, that' a great'sorrow troubled his mother. 'It 'piniid him' to see thnt, in' a very short spaed. f time, she had gone astray; and from a' 'steady, industriousn woman,' had become fond of drink. Then, from time to time, Hector and Janet quarrelled. 'Jack did not think so much of this; he wa~s accustomed to' it; but he did esolve' never to marry, as he came to the conclusion that every husband and wife lived a life of internecine wararfae Bertha was a go0d'girl, and 'Jack' liked her, but he felt pretty sure if, when they grow big, lie married her, everything would' be changed. Yet,' ignorant as Jack was;, he was greatly troubled about.his mdther.' He felt so sorry to see her 'asinking' to the level of so many other wdmen 'on the' diggings. Pobr fellow I He knew nothing of the deep despair that had changed her. ; CHAPTER V. The low rumibling of distant thunder woke Jack from the pleasant sleep in which he had indulged.' He rose and rubbed his 'eyes. How .greatly had the scene changed since lie had gone to sleep in tlihe afternoon. From the enat 'a'small cloud had arisen, fleecy white. It rose a little above the horizon, and there remained like a 'snowy fleece of wool rolled up; 'Then gradually'others like unto 'it' rose froin mysterious depths,' until the whole eastern horizon wai covered with them. Still the sun shot its torrid beams on to the earth; still the daizzling mirage, as it is called, rose up like. a quivering colorless flame from the earth. But in the west, in the north, and in the south, clouds began-to rise like the ghosts iof Banquo and his followers. Not white, downy clouds, such as had arisen in the east' but dark, portentous vapors, fringed, it ;is true, with silver. With a slow, steady motion, they began to ascend, throwing out streamers that soon threw themselues across the face of the heavens, and, ere long, veiled the face of the sun. Men blessed'them, and felt their strength renewed. But darker and blackei grew' the clouds as 'the sun became more and more shaded, until at last a large blue aloud shut him out altogether.' The sky then assumed ti wild phantasmagorial appear ance.' The blue clouds faded into inky black, and' here and there white scud, like the phantoms in "Der Frieschutz,"' sailed past 'on ' the intensely black back- ground. A distant 'muttering was heard, which mo mentarily grew louder. People said a great storm was coming, and agreed that it was badlyilwanted. Preparations were made in Gritty Gully to meet the rush of water that would hurry down, and long toms, sluices, ahd tools were taken out of the creek, and shafts were carefully blocked around with earth.' Jack's soul responded to the grandeur of that terrible sky. The flash of the shoot lightning in the distance, the roll of the thunder, the slow gathering of the clouds as of an army to battle, darkening the atmosphere with a strange gloom, the great signs of an approaching elemental tragedy, the peculiar sound of the wind-all stirred in his soul thoughts and ideas that lie could not wreak upon expression. His meditations were broken by a loud cry, as of a girl in distress. Rising hastily, ihe took a few steps down the hill, and presently saw the cause. Little Bertha was struggling with a boy, whom Jack soon recognised as Obadiah. Lassy stbod by in a very distressed frame of mind, watching two goats, which were also somewhat .nonplussed. A quick run brought Jack to the spot in a moment. "What's this? he cried, angrily, eyeing Obadiah, who stood glaring at him, an ugly ucowl prevading his face. "What is it ?" said Obadiah, "What's that to you? Bertha and I have been quarrelling." "COh, Jack," cried Bertha, clinging to him, "I'm so glad you've come. He frightened me to death." Her face, in which terror had been vividly depicted when Jackl arrived, began to wear a joyful look. "What nonsense," cried Obadialh, sulkily, although from his uneasy movements, it weas easy to see lie would hlve pireferred to e a oew miles oif. "I only trieie to kiss her, and the little fool began to cry." Jack's blood began to boil, and his face became red ias crilllon. "You sneak," lie cried, going up to ObCadih, "uhow dare you frigitien the littlh girl? Who ullowsed you to kiss hlre ?" "I did mysolf," soail Obadinhl, jauntily. (o be centinted.) " Sis: sonops to elinqier" Caa thin refer to fo feral mother irwho Inbrids creevier srcy.-wd boy ssitih a ouihir'livo slippirc?. p 