MISCELLANEOUS. A clock that is out of repair is a miss-tick affair. He is an inhospitable man who refuses to entertain an opinion. When a couple make np tneir minus to i get married, it may be called a tie vote. J When a bill-poster is hunting for dead J wails, he is directed to the cemetery fence. J When the landlord presents a bill for j extras, he claims that it is not only fare, but abovejboard. A weekly list of business embarrassments might with propriety be called " Review of the Weak." The best description that we ever heard of a slow man was that he was too slow%> get out of his own way. I Late stayer to ennuied young lady : " Is that tbe door bell?" ."No, I think it's the milkman." Tableau. Most great singers are accused of taking some slight stimulant, but few know how much it takes to prima donna. Almost every popular actor at some time in his past, life has been afflicted with fits — no wm mco « vkfino.fl f e ucg ncuioau uuuo una i Geobge Washington never told a lie ; but it must be remembered that he entered I politics when the country was very new. I Turn and turn about : " No, I shall leave j my wife nothing," said old Gribbs ; " she's I always had her will, now I'll have mine." 1 Mark Twain says of the babies : " In some I cradle lies the future historian, and he will j continue to lie to the end of his days." Zelleb, the composer and friend of Goethe, used to say at table ; " As long as I have water, I decline freer and drink wine." j It was wrong in Peg, tbe shoemaker, to say to the doctor who complained that he had made a poor job of that last pair of boots, "Physician, heel thyself." It's rather remarkable that while several thousand feet, are required to makjone rood, a single foot, properly applied, is often suffi cient to make one civil. " Is the General on the retired list ?" they asked of his wife the other evening. " Retired ! No, indeed !" she replied ; " he's down to the club playing poker." A woman may not be able to sharpen a pencil or throw a stone at a hen, but she can pack more articles in a trunk than a man can in a one-horse waggon. CAI > 1 V i 1 A n «M 1 TO IllfO Q ULAJ>JLfALij nUCU lb lioLc UUbU ill Alif 40 xmo w grease spot on new cloth ; but when there is no' truth in it, it is like a splash of mud which will come off easily when dry. Co-nun drum: "Why is a kiss like rumour?" " Because it flies from mouth to mouth." " Why is it like a sermon ?" " Because it requires two heads and an ap plication." At a meeting of the Clerks' Mutual Assist ance Society in Paris, the president thus concluded his speech : " Let those who wish to put their best leg foremost on the matter hold up their hands." The editor of the Kingston Freeman has evidently been suffering from a touch of arnica. He shouts, " Bind up my wounds, bring me another piece of stovepipe,, and let the battle proceed ! Charge, tinker, charge ! On, stovepipe, on !" A lady who had been travelling in Italy was asked by a friend how she liked Venice. " Oh, very much indeed," was the reply. " I was unfortunate enough, however, to arrive there just at the time of a heavy flood, and we had to go about the streets in boats." Literary : Wanted, a story of a burglary or ghosts in which the night is not very dark without; and the wind does not blow in fitful gusts, and the old oak in front of the I house does not moan dismally. On receipt pf such we agree to return the manuscript. Mb. Ragbag was only twenty-three when \- — uejin,.' his eldest son was born. We. remember the, day well. We congratulated- hhn. But lie j didn't seem very jolly. Ndtsbfifc it wds- fine boy, and Ragbag was . wealthy, family was no burden to him. But he said, " Good Lord, old friend, just Jfchink of it !. Here at the age of twenty- three I've goPMi begin setting a good example !" ; New Truths. — It is a. fact that people never go to bed nowadays, they retire. WgjberC are never rnarriecq they are led to the I hymeneal altar. There is no, such thing as | hanging, for people are launched inta' I eternity. No- one ever goes io, church, J he attends divine service. We have vno masters, they are all principals ; no Bhop- 1 men, they are all assistants ; no shops, thyv I are all establishments. 1 A merchant was walking down to businfes j one 1st of April morning, . when he accosted by a gamin, who shouted out : " Say, mister, there's suthin' on your coat- I tail." " Yes, I know — buttbfis," 1 merchant, mindful of All Focd's!pay!t$$ei3. | he got into the office, and partner- quietly > I removed a dishcloth from his coat, he felt 1 like apologising to the small bov. , Tennyson's last song shows an alarming' ; poverty of resource. A mail; how, who -was 1 posted in the saltatory art " woiild ndt' have 3 been content with " Hands all round." He would have worked in" Chassez," " erofte over," " balancez," " forward ana back-"" | ward," " promenade," " swing," and sofprthj, ' if he had to bust the metre to do it. Clearly Tennyson is failing fast. t That " Heavy Brigade" was too much for. him. ' A Reproof from Washington. — One day i during the American revolution an officer I not dressed in uniform was .passing on thorse- I back by some military works «,that...were. being repaired by a small squad-iof '"soldiers, and he found the leader of thrifty frterely standing by and looking on at the cpera- 1 tions, which were bemg3 j carried on with= J difficulty, owing to the. sffiall hhrnbet bf 'the I men. The officer seeing., the state of 'avails, land that assistance was mueh needed i&> I qnired of the man why he did not render a little aid instead ol only u standin g idle. TI?e . I lftltpr. in RHtonifihmpnt. - turned rouBd.-iit.ls! — — 'I said, "with all the pomp of anrcmperor,V: and replied, " Sir, I am a. corporal T'' are, are you ?" said the officer ; " I did not know that and raising his hat in solemn mockery, he continue ! i' lBsk your p$d6n£; Mr. Corporal." He then -dismounted! from his horse, threw off bis coat, and not -until j he was tired out with ' sheer' hard work-did1 I the stranger cease to render his assistance to the squad; and then, turning- to the < j corporal, he said td" him. j" jMr. Gorpowfl,;1 j when you have such another job as thiBafrjl; I have not men enough,- send for ; . George i J Washington, and he will come and help you J a second time." And,. Jo. the utter, amaze- . I ment of the poor corporal, he-found tbatL-the i unknown officer who had addressed him was > I indeed no other than his' own commanded in 1 chief. 