Lenten Lectures by the Archbishop o Sydney. (From the K.e/irrxx.) An immense congregation ;,ssemb!e,l in in lW’athedral, on Sunday,- the nth mstan t,, hear the second lenten leeinre nt th Archbishop and the sam tnary was lull o gentlemen, who em.M not h»d aeeommoda tion in the body of tlie elmrelu hot or nonuuenemg his diseourse h.s (.race said th after benediction a solemn Jr. Drinn. \\\ onl ho sung in thanksgiving to Almighty m for tireserving the, valuable life of hci .^r, **'Hi iiu pug* “‘si <* 1,<U l> 1 reatment as the soldiers offered him wooH have brought him to his senses ; and on Twig brought to trial next day, and on being ■ examined by the ol'iieers of the law, lie would have been only too glad to be allowed t." res? in peace, and to drop all aitempi at acting an empty or a blasphemous part. Moreover, with regard to our Lord's case, Ilis claim, was brought to clear and distinct issue at hi.-. trial.'’ It would seem that in Ilis Mercy ’< ns, He vouchsafed to allow Himself W dragged before the solemn sitting o!' He (Joint, and so to have matters arranged that for all time we should have His own bhsseO word recorded, on a most solemn occasion with regard to his claim to being Divum. The ancients of the people, the chief priest and scribes, seemed quite impatieid in g- t Christ, into their hands, and to comp 1 Hm in presence of the Council, to declare square]', and categorically what lie professed L.mseli' to be. Of course they knew well w: - igli what He, had taught the people m to is respect : but they wanted, from Ilis o\ a lips, a distinct and formal declaration, in prwomw of the Council, as to the. position which I!" assumed and the attributes He. bad laid < lam * to, so that, once for all, a public record should be preserved declaring, on the authoniy of Christ Himself, that lie based His claims >o be “ the Light, of the World ” on the ass.mq tion that He was the Son of Hod. Now, beg, before I quote the inspired word, to ea your attention to the position assumed 1) Mr. Mill. This great lender of model' thought and teacher ot the Lnglisb-speakin world—in whom so many place such implic coniidence—has published it as an lindemabl faet that our Lord shrank with horror frot the idea of being Divine, and that He Ilimsel Would have held it blasphemy foi any on to have attributed to Him that title. Allox me to quote the words of St. Luke : And as soon as it was day. the. ancients of tl people, and the chief priests and scribes, can together, and they brought Him into the council, saying : If thou be tbe ( Inist, tell n And He said to them : If I shall tell you, yn will not believe me. And it I shall also ask yoi you will not answer me, nor let me go. Hi hereafter the Son of Man shall be sitting on tli right hand of the. Power of Hod. Llien sat they all : Art thou then the Son of Cod .’ Ml) said : ’ You say, that l am. And they said V/hui need we any further testimony.' for w ourselves have heard it from his own mouth. New open the “Gbbom Aurra'' of S Thomas of Aquin, in which he constructs network of commentaries of the Fathers, an sea what view they take of this passage of Hoi)- Writ Aiujvxtinfi : Now our Lord is supposed to have suffered these things until morning in the house of the High Priest, to which he was first led. Hence it follows, ‘ And as soon as it was day, the elders of the people and the chief priescs and the Scribes came together, and led Him into their council, saying. Art thou the Christ?’ Bc.de : They wished not for truth, but were con triving calumny. Because they exj)ected that Christ would come only as man, of the root of David, they sought this of Him, thatif Ifeshould say, ‘ 1 am the Christ.’ they might falsely accuse Him of claiming to Himself the Kingly Power. 7"ncoi>hijUu't: He knew the secrets of their hearts, that they who had not believed His works would much less believe his words. Hence it follows, ‘ And He said unto them, if I tell you, ye will not believe, See.’ Be.de: For He had often declared Himself to be the Christ; as when he said, ‘ I and my Father are one,5 and other such things. ‘ And if I also ask you, ye will not answer me.’ For He had asked them how they said that Christ was the Son of David, whereas David in spirit called Him His Lord. But they wished neithe¥>%^ believe His words nor to answer His questions. However, , because they sought to accuse falsely the seed of David, they hear something still farther, as it follows : ‘ Hereafter shall the Son of .Man sit on | the right hand of the Power of God.’ TJieojd/// l,-rut: As if He said, there is no time left to you I any longer for discourses and teaching, but hereafter shall be the time of judgment, when | ye shall see Me. the Son of Man, sitting on the i right hand of the Power of God. ('///•// : When ever sitting and a throne are spoken of God, His Kingly and Supreme Majesty is signified. For we do not imagine any judgment-seat to be placed, on which we believe the Lord of all takes His seat ; nor again, that in any wise, right hand or left hand appertain to the Divine nature ; for figure, and place, and sitting, are the properties of bodies But how shall the Son be seen to be of equal honour and to sit together on the same Throne, if He is not the Son ac cording to nature, having in Himself the natural property of the Father? Theojrfn/lmi : When then they heard this, they ought to have been afraid, but after these words they are the more frantic; as it follows, ‘All said, fee.’ Bede: Tj,.-\ understood that He called Himself the -iim'd God in these words : ‘The Son of Man slail sit on the right hand of the Power of God.' \m\, taking the words of St. Luke and \ .‘'going them as illustrated by the non Is of these Fathers, who, for one ino j,itp;i can bring himself to assert that our 1 -iviue Redeemer shrank with horror, as the utterance of a blasphemy, from hearing Mnn.wdf proclaimed Divine? Is not the real fact die very reverse of this? Do not the words I have quoted show us, as clear as imonday, that our Lord and Master was ready before "the assembled Council, to suffer the penalty of. blasphemers rather than deny His 1 tivine prerogative ? How was it possible for Mr. Mill to teach a contrary doctrine when dr arguments against him are of so over \ imbuing a description? Take one or two c ore examples of our Saviour’s conduct—con duct incompatible- with any other view ex cept the traditional view that He is the Son of God ; that He is God incarnate come on earth to redeem us from our sins. Take the fifth chapter of St. John’s Gospel. Hen; we liav- an account of the persecution Our Lord bad to submit to on account of llis healing mi the Sabbath day. Therefore did tiie Jews persecute Jesus, be came He did these things mi s-m.-j-' • take His word for it tb.it He is God incarnate, "the Second Person of the ever-blessed Trinity. Indeed, He gives us not His word alone. He proves His '"claim by I Tits startling miracles. As Father Humphrey put it:— He brings forward .1 Lis miracles as sufficient and cogent reasons why those who beheld them should believe in His Divinity, in his oneness with the Father, and in his Divine mission from the Father. And that there should re main no room for doubt or misgiving with re gard to the meaning of His words, that by them he meant to express and claim that which they in their literal and obvious sense signify, the Evangelist records the manner in which those who heard then! understood them, and the effect which they had upon them. The Jews sought the more to kill him, " because He said God was his Father, making himself equal to ■ God."’ And again : the Jews took up stones to stone Him, arid they said, We stone Thee for blasphemy, and because that Thou, being a man, makes thyself God.” (St. John, v. 18. p. 30.) Had there been any misapprehension upon their parts, He would have set them right ; but they had rightly apprehended His claim to be as really God as Jvas the Father, a claim which w’as either blasphemous or real and true ; and, .therefore, His claim he reiterated, and He brought in evidence of its reality the testimony of Hfs works. * * * What did the miracles of Jesus prove ? They proved in His case what ■they proved in the case of others who worked miracles in support of their claims to Divine mission, and as a testimony to the Divine truth ■ of their teaching. They proved that He was a prophet of God, an Apostle from God, an Angel • or Messenger of God, a Messias of God. They • proved that he was sent by God, and that His words were the words of God. They proved his infallibility and His divine authority as an Am bassador of God, bearing to men a message from God. (Other Gospels, pp. 126-J 27.) Here, again, wo must join issue with Mr. .Mill. This clever thinker tells us that al though it were acknowledged that all the miracles wrought by Christ were not wrought by Mini at all, but were the invention of Ilis followers, still, in spite of that, He would yet stand forward as the unique Teacher, by word and deed, of the human race. Hut if ' the miracles recorded by the Gospels are in ventions of His followers, what becomes of ■His influence over them? To turn out such rascals, as such an iniquitous proceeding would imp]}7, would do very little credit to • the Master. And for four of these followers to combine together to deceive the world on a fundamental question of religion, and for the world to fall into the deception with such extraordinary ease as it must have done were • any such deception practised, would throw complete discredit on the whole subject mat ter of the Gospels, and turn an inspired writing into a patchwork of infamous lies. Neither Mr. Mill, nor any body else, can es cape from the linn position which Christ’s ■ Divinity holds, if the Gospel narrative is to be taken as a fair and honest account of His words and deeds. You cannot pick and choose, drop this and embrace that ; the Gos pels form one whole, and must, as such, be ac cepted or rejected. If our Saviour was, in re ality, what the Evangelists say he was — and Mr. Mill says they could riot, if they had tried, ■ have invented the character they gave Him, if such be the case, why should they suddenly ■ turn liars when they come to speak of His actions ? Why so honest, at page one and two, and so scandalously dishonest at page • three and four? Why elaborately tell the truth regarding our Saviour’s rectitude, and us elaborately tell lies regarding the wonders ■ which lie effected ? To act like this would be to act without, the guidance of common sense, or human reason. Xo man could do it. if a man were mad he might tell the lies, but lie would not so exquisitely tell the truth in other places; if he were sane, he would lie incapable of playing such an idiotic part. Tt stands to sense and reason, taking • simply Mr. Mill’s own admissions, that men who were capable of drawing so admirable a picture of our Saviour, and who did draw so true a portrait—would honestly relate the ac tions which he performed. To convince an in telligent jury to the contrary would require more forcible arguments than any as yet ad duced by the writer of the Essay on Heligion. Allow me, now that I have disposed for the present of Mr. Mill, to bring before your at tention the Parable of the Sower, and the Miracle of the Leper. Hut, first of all, a few observations must be made upon the Parables of our Lord in general. There are thirty-one of these parables scattered through the Gospel history. St. Matthew and St. Mark record ■such similitudes as touch upon the establish ment of the Kingdom of God upon earth ; St. Luke offers those which relate more espe cially to the effect of the new dispensation on the moral and religious character of man ; at all with parables, opens out to view those teachings which affect Christ’s relations to the Father and His own adorable Divinity. I have said that the parables of our Saviour are, in a certain sense, miraculous. 1 mean by this that they were uttered, not merely to convey to His immediate hearers some spiritual and moral truth, but, above and beyond this, to indicate what the char acteristics of the Kingdom would be, and to announce those very principles that support the vast system of religious truth which, in the Church, has found a scientific exposition. The parables which our Lord uttered in Palestine, when fully grasped and understood, are found to fit most exquisitely into the teachings of our religion, and to he the vital principle of dogmatic and moral truth as since developed to their full intelligence and meaning. The parables arc the theology, moral, dogmatic, and ascetic of the Christian religion, and the Summn of St. Thomas, for instance, is but the voice of Christ, as expressing his mitul by similitude, en larged, developed, and systematised accord ing to the best method of the schools. There is not a parable that does not bear within it the seed of some vast principle, and the initial germ of some great dogmatic verity, which simply requires expansion in order to produce its effect. Moreover, one parable does not contradict another or the spirit of another ; they are in fullest harmony ; for were they not so, the oneness of doctrine would be destroyed, and we should have con tradictions and jarring discords instead of a body of teaching so wonderfully constructed and as sympathetic one member with another as the human frame itself. As the Christian Church began from a small beginning, and then grew so as to embrace the world : so the simple teachings of our Saviour, though men at the time knew if not, was to be uni older! and unveiled until it should become the prin ciple- of dogmatic theology and the loadstone of the moral order. Looking back over the pages of Christian history to the days of Christ’s teaching, we cannot help perceiving that he must have foreseen the future, ami was talking to the future as much as—-or even more than—to the present, and to the comparatively few people who listened to His voice. He was laying down the lines of this spiritual Empire, and preparing the ground for its future growth. This we shall see as we proceed. But 1 pause here to ask one question. Could he have been a mere man whose very similitudes were prophecies : and whose simplest teachings were uttered with the sublime purpose of guiding the whole world in a future day along the way of life and the path of liberty '? flow, unless lie were more than man, could he have so com bined His parables, and, l may add His mira cles as well, so as to lit, each and all of them, into the vastframework of the present, Christian Church ? Surely, we can see that he had an object in view, and he had it in view.because He saw it with Divine eyes, and was steadily and calmly carrying it out, in a way that no mere man would dream of, hut which we can well imagine being adopted by one possessing the security of a Divine [tower and conscious of His own (omnipotence. It is so all through the New Testament ; once admit the Divinity of Christ, and all is intelligible and harmonious; deny that Divinity with Mr. Mill, and the New Testament becomes a wreck of confusion and a record of impossibilities which could scarcely impose upon the most unsophisticated mind. Now, what is a parable? Parables, similitudes, and proverbs are species of the same genus. A proverb is a short pithy saying, in which is wrapped up the wisdom of the wise. “ Physician heal thyself ” is a proverb, but it also contains within itself a carefully developed parable, whilst our Lord Himself calls it a similitude. Some of our Saviour’s parables arc more elaborate than others : some are so composed as to convey, in careful words, some formal teaching ; others, whilst brief in their simplicity, deliver, with unerring aim, some stern home truths which had their effect upon those to. whom they were addressed. He loved to give Ilis lessons from the simple life he found around Him. He seemed to delight in illustrating his teaching from the most homely objects. He loved nature, and all that made its life beautiful. His shorter images are almost always drawn from natural objects that casu ally and naturally met his eye. “The whitening cornfield” says Cardinal Wiseman, “suggests the thought of the spiritual harvest ripe for the sickle : the tig-tree putting forth its fruit furnishes a lesson on the coming of Coil’s Kingdom. • ,S:t the fig-tree, and all the trees, when they non.' shoot forth their fruit.’ When discoursing on the mount, how happily the birds flitting about furnish a beautiful image : ‘ Behold the birds of the air’ ; and the lilies which spring up, as travellers inform us, on that very ground, give rise to that still more graceful similitude. 1 Consider the lilies of the field how they grow : they labour not, neither do they spin," Hut I say to you, that even Solomon in all his glory was not arrayed as one of these.’ Then every action and operation of the household, and of ordinary life-—the grind ing at the mill; the leavening of 1 lie dough ; the good housewife’s board ; the governing of the house ; the cultivation of the vineyard, from its planting to its yielding fruit ; the tilling of the field and of the garden ; the pastoral life .in its smallest details—each furnishes them with most appropriate imagery, and most pertinent illustration. At the same time even the more refined and luxurious life of the higher classes is no less fertile in His hand ; the management of the estate ; the distribution of confidential duties to servants ; the sumptuous feast ; the bridal procession ; the processes of law ; even political events of recent occurrence, serve for Him as groundwork of most expressive and beautiful lessons.” Now there are, as I have remarked, in the Gospels, thirty-one Parables containing the teaching's of our Master. Eight of these, all of them in St. Matthew, and most of them in St. Mark ; one of them being also in St. Luke —the Sower—bear upon the laws of the Divine Kingdom in its growth and consum mation. The picture presented by the. Church as she stands before us to-day was painted in these Parables uttered by Divine lips nearly nineteen hundred years ago. The Parable contains the prophecy, the Church of God. as it is to- day is its fulfilment. Whilst proving Himself, thus, Divine, our Master coni forts us with the assurance that a Church which is so clearly the exposition and realisation of His parabolic teaching must be of his . crea tion, and that very same kingdom or spiritual empire which He, all along, said that He was going to establish upon the earth. Let us tlierg without fother delay, address ourselves to the consideration of the Parable of the Sower, whilst rapidly touching those other similitudes that naturally group .themselves around it. First of all we have St, Matthew (Chap, xiii.), St. Mark (Chap. iv.), and St. Luke (Chap, vm.) giving us, each in his turn, this parable of the Sower ; then comes the Wheat and the Cockle (Matthew xm.); the Mustard seed (Matthew xm., and Mark IV.) ; the Seed cast into the ground (Mark iv.) ; The Leaven (.Matthew xm.) ; The Hidden Treasure (Matthew xm.) ; the Pearl of Great Price (Matthew xm.) ; and the Net cast into the Sea (Matthew xm.) Look for a moment at this wonderful thirteenth chapter of St. Matthew. First comes the Sower, of which presently, and then the Evangelist continues his narration :— Another parable he proposed to them, saying : The kingdom of heaven is likened to a man that sowed good seed in his field. But while men were asleep, his enemy came and oversowed cockle among the wheat, and went his way. And when Hie blade was sprung up, and had brought forth fruit, then appeared also the cockle. And the servants of thegood man of tire house coming said to him : Sir, didst, thou not sow good seed in thy field .’ whence then hath it cookie ! And he said to them : An enemy hath done this. And the servants said to him : Will t-hon that we go and gather it up ! And he said : No ; lest perhaps gathering up the cocrde, you root up the wheat also together with it. Slitter both to grow until the harvest, and in the time of the harvest I will say to the reapers : Gather up first the cockle, and bind it into bundles and bum : but the wheat gather ye into my barn. Another [arable he proposed un to them, saying : The kingdom of heaven is like to a, arain of mustard-seed, which a man took and sowed in his field. T>\ hich is the least in deed of all seeds ; but when it is grown up, it is greater than all herbs, and beeometh a tree, so that the birds of the air come, and dwell in the branches thereof. Then having sent away the multitudes, he came into the bouse and his de ciples came to him, saying : Expound to us the parable of the cockle of the field. Who made answer and said to them: He that, sowetli the good seed is the Son of Man. And the field is Hie world. And the good seed are the children of the kingdom. And the cockle arc the child ren of the wicked one. And the enemy that, sowed them is the Devil. But the harvest is the end of the world. And the reapers are the Angels. Even as cockle therefore is gathered up, and burnt with fire : so shall it be at the end of the world. The son of Man shall send His Angels, and they shall gather out of his kingdom all scandals, and them that work ini quity. And shall cast them into the furnace of fire : there shall he weeping and gnashing of teeth. Then shall the just, shine as the sun, in the Kingdom of their Father. lie that hath ears to hear, let him hear. The kingdom of heaven is like unto a treasure hidden in a field ; which a man having found, hid it, and for joy thereof goeth, and secketh all that he hath, and buyeth that field. Again the kingdom of heaven is like to a merchant seeking good pearls, who, when he had found one pearl of great price, went his way. and sold all that he had, and bought it. Again the ikngdom of heaven is like to a net. cast into the sea, and gathering to gether of all kinds of fish, which, when it was filled, they drew out, and sitting down by the shore, they chose out the good into vessels, but the had they cast forth. So shall it be at the end of the world. The Angels shall go out, and shall separate the wicked from among the just. And shall cast them into the furnace of fire; there shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth/’ Now these parables of our Saviour had a great effect upon the Jews. They could not understand how He was able to reach to such heights, and with simplicity, directness, and authority of language. They, like Mr. Mill, could not bring themselves to face the fact that He was Divine. And yet the more He preached in the synagogues so much the more did they wonder at the words of heavenly wisdom which proceeded from His lips. They did not possess elevation of vision or breadth of heart enough to grasp His posi tion and solve the mystery of His unaccount table mastery over the high things of (fod. They, we are told by the Evangelist, were particularly hardened and unbelieving ; and, lienee, “ Tie wrought not many miracles then* because of their unbelief.” The amazement our Saviour created amongst those who knew how humbly He had been brought up is ex pressed by St. Mathew in those words :— And coming into His own country He taught them in their synagogues, so that they wondered and said : How came this man by this wisdom and miracles.' Is not this the"carpenfer\s son? Is not his mother called Mary, and His brethren James, and Joseph, and Simon, and Jude.1 And His sisters, are they not all with us.’ Whence, therefore, hath He all these things? And they were scandalised in His regard. (Matt, xiii., r>4-58.) These peasants behaved just as one might have expected, and in their own simple and contracted way acknowledged, with confu sion of mind, that our Saviour’s wisdom and miracles belonged to another order altogether from that to which they were accustomed, far removed from that in which He vouch safed to allow Himself to be born. James and Joseph and Simon and Judeseemed to be, once upon a time, as much His equals as His companions ; now it was found out that He possessed an innate wisdom and power which lifted Him altogether out of the ordinary sphere of mere .fishermen and peasants. “ They wore scandalised,” that is, astonished and upset in their minds “ in His regard.” But to return to the Parables. It will be seen that the eight already enumerated seem to point in one direction—to the Kingdom of Heaven ; that is to the Spiritual Empire that our Lord was about to establish on the earth. Let ns now take the “Sower” and elicit its meaning and the bearing of the others already enumerated upon the future Kingdom, or Church, that was to follow after Christ had sent down Ilis Spirit to inform the hearts of His chosen heralds of salvation. The same day Jesus going out. of the house, sat by the sea side. And great multitudes were gathered together unto Him, so that He went up into a boat and sat : and all the multitude stood on the shore. And He spoke to them many things in parables, saying: Behold the sower went, forth to sow. And whilst he soweth some fell by the wayside, and the birds of the air came and ('at them up. And other some fell upon stormy ground, where they had not much earth : and they sprung up immediately, because they had no deepness of earth. And when the sun was up they were scorched : and because they had not root they withered away. And others fell among thorns ; and the thorns grew up and choked them. And others fell upon good ground : and they brought forth fruit, some a hundredfold, some sixtyfold, and some thirtyfold. He that hath ears to hear, let him heai’. Now this parable may he looked upon as the introduction to those which follow. They were addressed to “ a great multitutc,” so great, indeed, that our Lord was compelled to get into a boat and teach the people as they crowded on the shore. The imagery of this Parable of the Sower ! (says a sympathetic writer) was derived, as usual, from the objects immediately before His eyes—the sown fields of Gennesaretli ; the springing corn in them ; the hard-trodden path which ran through them, on which no corn could grow ; the innumerable birds which fluttered over then: ready to feed upon the grain : the weak and withering struggle for life on the stony places ; the tangling growth of luxuriant thistles in neglected corners ; the deep loam of the general soil, cm which already the golden ears stood thick and strong, giving promise of a sixty and hundred fold return as they rippled under the balmy wind.* Tt was on such ground as this that the Sower went out to sow his seed. Now I must beg your attention to the main idea contained in this parable. The Sower is the great Master, who came to give life to the world. Such u Sower as our Lord described was quite a new thing to tire Jews. Indeed, in parables He spoke to them—that is to the hardened amongst them—so that they might not under stand. This Sower did not pick out the good places to sow' his seed in, hut lie seems to have sown it broadcast over the face of the earth. Now all this was quite new and, I suppose, as tilings were in those days, quite unintelligible, except to those to whom our Lord gave ears to hear with and eyes to see with. No doubt the parable could be applied up to a certain point—as our Lord did, in fact, apply it—-to those to whom lie addressed it ; but, for all that, there is a deeper depth in it than could have appeared to them ; for it opens out to view the breadth of our Saviour’s vision, His grasp of the world, his universal claim to Sovereignty over all, good and bad alike ; and His lavish mercifulness in spreading abroad with both hands, as it were—accord ing to the old-fashioned way of wheat sow ing—the saving word of life and the pure teaching of llisj heavenly Gospel. The other parables which follow are hut amplifications of the main idea and the development of a prophecy. Lor, unless our Saviour did fore see in reality that, after lie had departed to His Father, there would he on earth a. “ King dom of Heaven,” that is.au imperial spiri tual Empire—how could He have selected similitudes which are prophetic of its character and prophetic also of its economy? We see from the parable of the cockle that there would be more than one Sower in the field. Christ fortells that condition of llis Church and the character which, according to His design, it should possess. Fnlike such men as Mahommed or as Wycliite and IIuss ; unlike the Donatists of old days or the more recent Anabaptists, Puritans, and Monnonites, our Divine IEdeeiner did not undertake' to provide that all the members of His great Empire should he true and loyal men. There would ho corruptions and scandals, vices and betrayals, seeking themselves instead of Christ’s glory and God’s love even amongst those who were to go by the. name of the faithful. It is evident that Satan is referred to by the Sower of the cockle amongst the wheat. So here we have a vast picture painted by Christ as He sat in the boat, a picture which re presented one thing to those looking on, and to us, who can look hack historically—a splen did and accurate representation drawn with a master hand of the. spiritual Kingdom ever contending with error and ever on her guard against the baseness and betrayals, and sell ings of the holiest things, on the part of those whose lives ought to he devotedly dedicated to furthering her interests instead of to betraying them for a miserable mess of pottage. And more than this ; these base traitors are to be left, alone to work out then iniquity, or to get the possible chance of conversion, till the time comes for visiting them as they deserve. They are “ the children of the Wicked One”—-in one word, of the Devil ; and when their time comes, unless they repent, they will he east by the angels of God “ into the furnace of tire: there shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth.” What is all this but our ordinary Catholic doctrine ? What do these two parables teach us except that our Master whilst uttering them foresaw the conditions of this spiritual Kingdom, and taught ns, for our guidance, that, though there may he scandals and miseries amongst us, we are none the less of His creation ; and that His Empire is none the less Divine. Indeed, were we to teach that our Church on earth is composed exclusively of saints our Church would not be Christ’s Church, for it Farrar. Yol. I., p. 328. would be out of harmony with those, para bolic teachings which forecast the outlines of the future Kingdom. Had not our Lord uttered these parables tbe Donatists could not have been replied to with such overwhelm ingly crushing effect. If He had said the Kingdom of Heaven is like to a man who sowed seed, and all the seed grew to perfec tion. and no cockle was suffered to live—then the whole constitution of the Church would have been different—tbe Donatists would have been the Church of Christ, and the Church of St. Peter would have been a failure. So with the Pearl of great price.” That represents what we emphatically call “ the Faith,” and for the love of which our forefathers have willingly suffered and died. “ The Faith” is ever of surpassing value. Those who ought to value it do not always do so ; but it is no less “ a pearl” for all that. Then comes the “ leaven” permeating the whole mass—the grace of God’s Spirit indwelling in His Church ; and, finally, the mustard-sjeed wdiich, again, is prophetic in its bearings. It had scarcely been placed in the ground when our Master uttered the parable touching on it; and yet to us who see the spreading Kingdom of God. flourishing in the nineteenth century in all lauds, the parable is a luminous prophecy, foretelling a state of things that our Lord’s followers were quite incapable of grasping with their minds or imaginations ; and which w7e should have found it difficult to believe in, if it did not actually inflict itself upon our attention from every side. We might, of course, enter more fully into detail, and point out the dogmatic and ethical relations that exist between these principles and the spiri tual empire which they represent. But time does not permit. My main object is achieved if J have succeeded in showing you that our Saviour had the future spread out before His eye ; and, in uttering His parables, was laying down a set of fundamental and organic prin ciples in harmony wdth which the future Spiritual Empire hal to he developed. Thus we have the Church brought into its true re lationship wdth its Divine Founder. She is what He depicted her to he in his similitudes, neither better nor worse : neither more nor less perfect ; hut just as He drew her, and in the very manner He described her to those w'hom He did not wish to understand Him. He spoke to them, and they understood Him not ; whilst wo, after eighteen hundred years have passed away, are blessed with the glorious realization of the splendid promises vouchsafed to us by our great Master, and can compare the acorn with the spreading oak, the minute mustard-seed with that umbrageous and majestic tree under whose shade the nations still sit—-those most civilized and relined, par taking of its shade and solaced and refreshed by its fruits. Now take all that has been said so far ; does not the tendency of the whole narrative of our Lord’s declarations re garding Himself, and the whole hearing of His teaching, point to a knowledge in Him quite unlike that of ever so good and perfect a man ? Far from His “ never having made the smallest pretension” to being Divine, He most emphatically, on a most solemn and trying occasion, on an occasion which was meant, as He well knew, to put him to a public declaration ; vdien his life was at stake and death by stoning was the consequence, He, nevertheless, declared Him self to be Divine ; and that His declaration was received in the sense in which He uttered it, is proved to demonstration, by the attitude of those who were so anxious to force it from Him. Far from expressing Himself scan dalised as being acknowledged as “ equal to the Father,” He Himself, in so many words,, categorically declared Himself to he thus equal, and, "therefore, to he God ; so that Mr. Mill’s teaching becomes absolutely untenable,, and, in point of fact, just the reverse of the truth, as is patently declared in so many different places of the Gospel narrative. The Parables to which reference has been made point in the same direction, are in perfect harmony with Christ’s claims. If we admit Idis Divine character and mission, all becomes clear and intelligible ; if we deny His Divine character and mission, the Gospels become unintelligible. The whole written word —the Old Testament so far forth as it refers to the King to come—and.the Now in every page, is the record of a Divine AVork inan doing a Divine Work and the spiritual and moral attitude of the Cluireh at this hour, and her position as a mighty Kingdom, pro claim to 11s, what the Jews could not possibly have known, namely, that that Workman did not work in vain, but that His labours issued in results which point Him out as the Son of God. Now turn for a moment from the Parable which was a prophecy to a miracle which may be looked up on as a prophecy as well. Let us examine the miracle of the healing of the Leper. Now what was a leper in the days of Jesus Christ V He was one eaten up by a foul and loathsome disease ; the most horrible species of infliction and affliction that possibly could be imagined. But let St. Gregory Nazianzen tell us what he looks like. This Father of the Church preached a sermon for St. Basil the Great, who had established a hospital for lepers in Cfesarea, at the gates of the city. There are degrees (says lie) less than others. Poverty is hard to bear, but poverty is nor with out hope of relief. Disease is worse than poverty, for it cannot help itself. But the ease is still harder when men are objects of horror, fear. and aversion to their fellows : and this is the law of misery. in in its most terrible form, which asks our com passion in the case of the lepers. No one who has not seen them can believe what a sight it is which they present. They are dead and living at once, mrdtilated of many of their limbs, so dis figured and afflicted as not to he recognised by those who were formerly their friends. They have to force themselves on our recollection by recounting the names of their parents, the places where they have lived, and the like. They have lost property, home, friends, even their own bodies : it is difficult to say whether they are more to be pitied for what they have lost of their limbs or for what remains of them. The best and most humane of men are hard and cruel to the lepers. They make us forget that we are ourselves of flesh, and clothed with vileness, and we consider that instead of relieving them as our kindred, we owe it to our own safety to shun and flee from them. People will per haps bear to touch a dead body, or even the bodies of wild beasts, already corrupt and stink ing, and yet we run from the sight and presence of the lepers, and think it too much to breathe the same air with them. Their own parents lose, in their case, all their natural piety. The father drives away from him the sou who has been as the apple of his eye, whom he has brought tip with the tenderest care, and for whom he has poured forth prayer after prayer to God. The mother turns away in horror from the fruit of her womb, whom she has borne, not for her home, but to dwell in the deserts, on the wild mountains, and among the beasts. The people at large shout after them and revile them, not because they are wicked or criminal, but because they arc afflicted and miserable. Men will admit mur derers to their table, they will extend hospitality to the adulterer, but they have no mercy or kindness for these innocent victims of disease. They are driven from the cities, houses, market places, assemblies ; they aie not allowed to drink of the public fountains : even the rivers are thought to be contaminated if they have tasted their water. But we treat them so cm ell v that our very cruelty brings them back upon us. We provide them with no place to live in. we give them no food, no medicines, no clothes, no coverings for their misery. They wander about night and day, naked anil homeless, showing their malady, remind ing us of what they once were, calling upon the mercy of their Creator, helping one another with what remain to them of’their limbs, begging, in strains which move the heart to compassion, for a morsel of bread, a little meat, or an old worn-out rag to cover their shame or to shelter their sores. B is I bought a. great instance of mercy. I do not say to re lievo them, but not to treat them with cruelty in refusing them. So, notwithstanding all their misery and the shame which prompts them to avoid the eves of men. they are forced by sheer need to rush importunately into the midst of our sacred assemblies on feast days, or when we are met to do honour to the Christian manvrs. reminding us well enough, if we are ready to take in the lesson of our own frailty and of the worthlessness of all human goods, in order that they may hear the voices of men from whose society they have been banished, that they may see the faces of their fellow-creatures, may derive some consolation from the mere recital of their woes, and obtain some little help from those who art; overflowing with wealth and every earthly good.* Tims a leper was looked upon au one stricken with a veritable plague, and shiunk from as a venomous and deadly animal. His case was looked upon as incurable by any power of man’s. lie was the type of the sinner, and what the leper’s body was—putrid, gangrened, falling to pieces, limb by limb, corrupting from the heart outwards, till the entire man was a scaly disgusting heap of carrion ; such was, and is the condition of one possessed by St. Gregory Naz. Orat. xiv. (Coleridge's translation.) the frightful leprosy of deadly sin. Now our Lord performed the miracle of healing one of the unfortunates “ full of leprosy.” just after his sermon on the Mount. The people were in admiration of His doctrine, for He was teaching them, says St. Matthew, as one having power and not as the Scribes and Pharisees. (Chap, vn., 28-29.) On His coming down from the Mountain of Beati tudes, “ a great multitude followed Him,” and He made use of this occasion for perform ing one of His most startling Miracles. That we may not lose a word of the inspired re cord, allow me to read the three accounts as given respectively by St. Matthew, St. Mark, and St. Luke :— | Matt, vn., 2-4 : And behold a leper came and adored Him, saying, Lord, if Thou wilt, Thou canst make me clean. And Jesus stretching I forth His hand, touched him, saying, I will, be 1 lion made clean. And forthwith his leprosy was cleansed. And Jesus saith to him : See thou tell no man, but go, show thyself to the priests, and offer the gift which Moses commanded for a testimony unto them. Mark. 1., 40-45 : And there came a leper to Him, beseeching Him, and kneeling down, said to Him : If Thou wilt, Thou canst make me clean. And Jesus having compassion on him, | stretched forth His hand, and touching him, saith to him : I will, bo thou made clean. And j when He had spoken, immediately the leprosy j departed from him, and he was made clean. | And He strictly charged him, and forthwith sent 1 him away. And He saith to him : See thou tell no I one, but go, show thyself to the high-priest, and ! offer for thy cleansing the things that Moses j commanded for a testimony to them. But he being gone out, began to publish and to blaze abroad the word ; so that He could not openly go into the city, but was without in desert places, and they flocked to Him from all sides. LukeV., 12-B!: And it came to pass, when He was in a certain city, behold, a man full of leprosy, who seeing Jesus, and falling on pis face, besought Him, saying. Lord, if Thou wilt, Thou canst make me clean. And stretching forth His hand, He touched Him, saying: I will, be thou cleansed. And immediately the leprosy departed from him. And He charged him that be should tell no man. but go, show thyself, to the priests, and offer for thy cleansing according as Moses commanded for a testimony to them. But the fame of Him went abroad the more, | and great multitudes came together to hear, and to be healed by Him of their infirmities. And ! He retired into the desert and prayed. Here we see our Lord by the mere touch of His hand turning a mass of corruption—“ a man full of leprosy” — unto health and strength, dissipating the loathsome and fetid matter, and restoring the man to his pristine. ! cleanness of skin and vigour of mind and body. This was one of the most remarkable of onr Lord’s assertions of His power. The malady was an incurable one, the ease was effected instantaneously by a touch, and the leper, not only after the miracle was wrought, but before, must have had a high idea of the funver of onr Saviour. “ If tlmn wilt, thou canst make me clean,” said he without any misgiving. All depended on the ‘‘ will '’ of God our Savionr, If thou wilt, thou canst make me clean ! ’ So tar for an un doubted miracle performed in a Divine way. Now who is it prophetic of? Turn to the twentieth diaper of St.John’s Gospel. Our Lord had arisen, and had appeared to His dis ciples :— He showed them His hands and His side. The disciples therefore were glad, when they saw the Lord. He said, therefore, to them again: Peace be to you. As the Father hath sent me. I also send you. When He had said this. He breathed on them, and He said to them : Re ceive ye the Holy Ghost. t\ hose sins you shall forgive, they are forgiven them : and whose sius you shall retain, they are retained. See the harmony between their solemn com mission to forgive sins and the miracle of the leper. In the one case, the priests of the New Law have power given them to retain oi- forgive sins ; in the other, onr Lord sends the leper, who is the most perfect type of the sinner, to the high priest that he might judge whether or no the man had been made whole by the action of our Saviour.. Here the miracle confirms, is in harmony with, the great commission to the Apostles, and shows how exquisitely the miracle and the commis sion fit each other, and how both evidently proceed from one and the same mind.. I rom that day to this millions of pulpits have taken the leper as their text to prove, or, at least, illustrate the great Sacra ment of Penance, and to show our Lord’s tender compassion, and at the same time the position which He desired .His priest hood to occupy in the administration of the Sacraments of grace. To the Catholic Church alone can the miracle of the leper in all its fulness be applied. Every day, at this hour, thousands upon thousands “ show them selves to the priests” and receive of that ab solution which our Master empowered them to impart after His resurrection. Thus then we have seen fresh proofs brought of our Lord’s explicit and emphatic claim to Divi nity. We have watched Him teaching His parables which, in germ, contain the great theologies of religion, and we have looked upon Him exerting His great power, and turning, instantaneously, a heap of carrion, a crawling sore rather than a man, with his face buried in the sand out of very shame at his own frightful condition—we havo seen Him lifting this man up with his little finger, and rendering him perfectly sound, and whole. This startling miracle we have also seen is prophetic of the future position of His followers, and of that Sacrament of Mercy by means of which men by “ showing them selves to the priests,” receive that pardon which, on a most solemn occasion, our Lord commissioned them to grant to those who had the faith, and were truly sorry for their transgressions. All this points in one direc tion—to the fact that Christ is Divine, that He came to found a kingdom, that he was consciously working everything in harmony with His Divine design, and that the Church, as she is expanded now before our view in the region of the concrete, is part and parcel of that idea which filled the mind of our blessed Lord when He was teaching by pro phetic parables and no less prophetic wonder. He is alone in the world in the majesty of his position. His works, and the way He did them, belong to a higher region than that of the ordinary prophet, apostle, or learned sage ; and since He de clared Himself to be Divine most emphati cally, and since all this is in harmony with such a claim, we, through the simple force of evidence, are constrained to admit, are rejoiced to proclaim, that our Muster is God, the Second Person of the Adorable Trinity, Incarnate for man’s redemption, and the Founder of a Spiritual Kingdom illustrating His Miracles, ; nd reproducing the teaching of Plis Parables for the enlightenment and the guidance of mankind. Having concluded his discourse, which was listened to with deep attention by the vast audience, his Grace retired to the Sacristy. Having vested pontifically, he gave Benediction, and presided at the solemn Te Deum which was sung with great effect by a powerful choir. Queen Victoria, being personally very popular, there is no doubt that the Te Deum, sung in thanksgiving for her preservation from the assassin’s hand, was joined in, in spirit, by one and all who had the good fortune to be present on that occasion. 