CluMmt'3 CMttnm* A PRIVATE CIRCUS. [From Harper s Young People.] [BY JIMMY BROWN.] There's going to be a circus here, an-.'I I'm going to it; that is if father M ill let me. .Some people think it's wrontr to go to a circus, but I don t. Mr. Travels says that the mind of man and boy requires circuses ill moderation, and that tlie wicked boys in Sundayschool books who steal tlieir employers' money to buy circus tickets wouldn't steal it if their employers, or their fathers or uncles, would rive them circus tickets one? in a while. I'm sure I wouldn't want to go to a circus every night in the week. All I should want would be to go two or three evenings, and Wednesday and Saturday afternoons. There was once a boy who was awfully fond of going to the circus, and his employer, who was a very good man, said he'd cure him. So he said to the boy:—" Thomas, my son, I'm going to hire you to go to the circus every uiglit. I'll pay "you three dollars a, week, and give you your board and lodging, if you'll go every night except Sunday; but if you don't go, then you won't get any board and lodging or any money." And the boy said, " Oh, you can just bet I'll go!" and he thought everything was lovely; but after two weeks he got so sick of the circus that he would have given anything to be let stay away. Finally he got so wretched that lie deceived his good employer, and stole money from him tc buy school-books with, and ran away and went to school. The older he grew the more he looked back with horror upon that awful period when he went to the circus every night, ilr. Travers says it finally had such an effect upon hiin that he worked hard all day and read books all night just to keep it out of his mind. The result was that before he knew it he became a very learned and a very rich man. Of course it was very wrong for the "boy to steal money to stay away- from the circus with, but the story teaches us that if we go to the circus too much, we shall get tiled of it, which is a very solemn thing. We had a private circus at our house last night—at least that's what father called it, and he seemed to enjoy it, It happened in this way. I went into the back parlour one evening, because I wanted to see Mr. Travers. He and Sue always sit there. It was growing quite dark when I went in, and going toward the sofa, I happened to walk against a rocking-chair that was rocking all by itself, which, come to think of it, was an awfully curious thing, and I'm going to ask somebody about it. I didn't mind walking into the chair, for it didn't hurt me much, only I knocked it over, and it hit Sue, and she said, " Oh my, get nie something quick ?" and then fainted away. Mr. Travers was dreadfully frightened, and said, " Run, Jimmy, and get the cologne, or the bay-rum, or something." So I ran up to Sue's room, and felt round in the dark for her bottle of cologne that she always keeps on her bureau. I found a bottle after a minute or two, and ran down and gave it to Mr. Travers, and he bathed Sue's face as well as lie could in the dark, and she came to aud said, " Goodness gracious, do you want to put my eyes out ?" Just then the front-door bell rang, and Mr. Bradford (our new minister) and his wife and three daughters and his son came in. Sue lumped up and ran into the front parlour to light the gas, and Mr. Travers came to help her. They just got it lit when the visitors came in, and father and mother came downstairs to meet them. Mr. Bradford looked as if lie had seen a ghost, and his wife and daughters said, " Oh my !" and father said, " What on earth !" and mother just burst out laughing, and said, "Susan, you and Sir. Travers seem to have had an accident with the inkstand." You never saw such a sight as those poor young people were. I had made a mistake, and brought down a bottle of liquid blacking —the same that I blacked the babv with that time. Mr. Travers had put it all over Sue's face, so that she was jet black, all but a little of one cheek and the end of her nose, and then lie had rubbed his hands on liis own face until he was like an Ethiopian leopard, only lie could cliangc his spots if he used soap enough. You couldn't have any idea how angry Sue was -with me—just as if it was my fault, when all I did was to go upstairs for her, and get a bottle to bring her to with ; and it would have been all right if she hadn't left the blacking bottle on her bureau; and I don't call that tidy, if she is a girl. Mr. Travers wasn't a bit angry; but he came up to my room and washed his face, and laughed atl the time. And Sue got awfully angry with him, and said she would never speak to him again after disgracing her in that heartless way. So he went home, and I could hear 3 him laughing all the way down the street, and Mr. Bradford and his folks thought that he and Sue had been having a minstrel show, and mother thinks they'll never come to the house again. As for father, he was almost as much amused as Mr. Travers, and he said it served Sue right, and he wasn't going to punish the boy to please her. I'm going to try to have another circus some day, though this one was all an accident, and, of course, I was dreadfully sorry about it. 