The Novelist. Tile Forsaken Bride. BY MRS. GEORGE SHELDON, AUTHOR of BROWNIE'S TRIUMPH. CHAPTER I.- A WIFE'S MALEDICTION. It was a night of unclouded beauty. A dewy no speck or stain obscured tho rich deep arch of Heaven, or hid the glory of the diamond stars, that Wander unwearied through the blue abyss. The broad full moon rose bright and luminous over the masses of dark, glossy foliage, which comprise the immediate surroundings of Leam- ington Towers-a huge turreted building of brick and stone, whose ivy-mantled walls bespeakpea the weather-stain of age, and present an imposing and picturesque appearance. The grounds are laid out with exquisite taste and elegance. The long smoothly- gravelled walks are overarched with wide-spreading, luxuriant trees. The broad green lawn is surrounded by choice evergreens, trimmed into fanciful figures and devices, which make grotesque shadows upon the velvet turf beneath, as the queen of night, rising higher, sheds her golden glory over all, revealing also numberless pieces of gleaming statuary, which rise, weird and ghost-like, out- lined against the dark foliage; and fountains, too, whose musical waters seem chanting their vesper-hymn beneath the starlit sky. Leamington Towers itself was ablaze with light from the top of its graceful, fretted turrets to the broad marble steps which led up to the grandn entrance hall, whose rich and tasteful furnish- ings gave a faint idea of the elegance awaitingj one beyond. A brilliant festival, or reception, is about to celebrate the election of Sir Dudley Durward t< the peerage. The "royal patent," creating him Earl Dur- ward, and thus elevating him to a position in the Upper House, or House of Lords, had only re- cently been received, and had occasioned great rejoicing in the object of this honour, and among his sympathisers and friends. It was a position for which Sir Dudley had toiled early and late, and over the success which] had at last crowned his efforts, he was now veryj exultant. In the grand drawing-room at Leamington Towers (all white and gold, excepting where the rioh and gorgeous flowers made vivid contrast, and filled the air with their fragrance) the trium- phant master stands ready to receive his guests, when they shall arrive, to tender him their good wishes and congratulations. He is a powerfully built, handsome man, of about 30. But his face has a hard, cruel look--a look which tells of cunning plotting, and of a fierce intolerance of anything which stands in the way of his pride and ambition, that repels one at a glance. His eyes are black and piercing, and harbour a fiery gleam in their dusky depths, which is not portentous of good to any one or anything which may arise to thwart him in any of his darling schemes or desires ; though, just at present, they are very bright with the triumph of success. His nose and mouth are large and coarse; his lips are sensual in their expression, and habitu- ally curved at the corners with a sneering ex- pression not pleasing to behold. He stands there in the centre of that luxurious room beneath the blazing chandelier, his hands clasped behind him, his head thrown proudly back, and his thoughts full of that day, when he shall go up to London, take his long- aspired-for seat in Parliament among the nobility of the land, and bend every one to his will by the power of his eloquence and his indomitable per- severance. His father had been an impoverished baronet with neither energy nor pride. After his death, and upon coming into possession of the estate, Sir Dudley had bent all his energies to the improve- ment of the fallen fortunes of the house. His ambition knew no bounds ; he was determined to rise to the very topmost round of the ladder of wealth, and fame, and honour. Everything he touched turned into money. He improved and extended his estate,until it became one of the finest in the country. He then began to aspire to political honours, was elected as Member to the House of Commons for his borough, and acquitted himself therein most honourably. This, however, did not satisfy him, and he determined to apply for letters patent, which would create him a peer of the realm. The suc- cess of his undertaking we already know, and we will now return to him as he stands in his princely home awaiting further honours. A door at the farther end of the magnificent room softly swings open, there is a moment of stillness, as if some one standing upon the thres- hold hesitated about the propriety of advancing ; then a lovely apparition glides noiselessly for- ward, and finally halts just beside the proud master of Leamington Towers. A daintily gloved hand is gently laid upon his arm and a voice, sweet as the music of fairy bells, says : " Dudley, I am glad of your victory. I hastened down before any one should arrive, that I might be the first to congratulate you." He started at the words, and his face changed in a moment from its look of triumph to a bitter sneer. " Oh, you congratulate me, do you? I suppose you do not feol in the least elated at the prospect of occupying tho position of an earl's wife!" He turned fiercely upon her as he spoke, and his eyo never softened, nor did the least spark of admiration or affection light up his coarse features, as he beheld the fairy-like vision be- fore him. " No, no, Dudley ; you know that I have no sel- fish feeling in the matter," she returned, with a little sob, and shrinking from him as if he had struck her a blow. * " You know," she added, " that I am only glad for you." "Glad, for me, are you; and pray what good will all your gladness do me?" he said, harshly. " I thought, Dudley, that you would be pleased to know that I shared your joy," she answered mildly, yet with a gentle dignity, which became her well. She was fair and sweet as the sweetest blush rose. Her form, her rounded arms and dainty hands her graceful shoulders and delicate neck, herr small head surmounted by its burnished hair the tiny shell-like ear, the sweet mouth and deep blue eyes, were all simply perfect ! And with all this, added to a faultless toilet, it was evident that not a fairer vision would grace the grand old halls of Leamington that night. But so much beauty and loveliness had no power to soften the ill-natured man at her side; indeed, her very presence seemed to aggravate him, and to drive away all the pleasant thoughts which had been his companions ere she entered. He laughed harshly at her last words. " Yes, share my joys, and honours, you should have added. Honours are plenty just now, and you are welcome to share them all, madam ; but I would inform you that I have precious few joys at present, and expect to have less in the future he concluded bitterly. She cast down her beautiful eyes, and sighed wearily. " You know," he continued, sullenly, " that what I hoped most for of ali things has been denied me.'' " I know, my husband, to what you refer," she answered, sadly. " God has seen fit to leave us childless -has withheld from us that which would perpetuate our name, and give us great joy besides. The bitterness has been as great for me as for you. He knows how I would love little children-your children, Dudley; but but-", " But what !" he demanded, fiercely. " But, perchance, the future may have some- thing better in store for us," She answered, with downcast eyes. "The future," he sneered; "that has been your cry for the last 10 years. The race has accursed, I believe, through either you or me, that there should be no heir to inherit these broad lands, and the honours which are fast crowding upon us." Lady Durward took a stop forward and looked eagerly into her husband's face. His fierce and angry words had seemed almost to crush her at first; she had grown pale and sad her bright face had lost all its joy, and her atti- tude was drooping and listless. But a sudden inspiration seemed now to animate her. " Dudley," she said, " would you give me back your love, and treat me as in the old happy days, if you had your wish ? Your love," she added, the colour flaming into her pale cheeks, her bo- som heaving, and her eyes lighting, " is the one thing in this world for which I care most. "What are honours, wealth, station, without some one to lean upon and to love! I should be happier than a queen, stripped of everything which the world bows down to and worships, could I have undis- puted reign in your heart Î Dudley, won't you give me back the old love ? Ah ! I thought you would be tender to-night, when the future looks so bright, and you know I love you-I love you so fondly." How could he resist those sweet dewy eyes raised so pleadingly to his ? How could he resist the appealing touch of that little trembling hand laid so gently upon his arm, those quivering lips, and the love-light which illumined that fault- lessly beautiful face? But he only laughed a heartless, sneering laugh. "Love !" he said "Lady Durward, I 'think I never knew what the word really meant." " You did-you know you did ! Oh, why do you torture me thus !" burst in a passionate cry from her now pale lips. Why, indeed, when it seemed as if the angels above must have loved her tenderly, as she stood there so fair, so pure and free ? But only a mocking smile curled the lips of the icy-hearted man at her side. " You used to be kind and tender to me, Dud- ley," she moaned, " in the days of our early mar- ried life ; you used to Gall me by endearing names and smile upon me." " Yes," he returned, carelessly ; " I like things to go smooth, and pet names and caresses, as you call them, cost nothing, provided you gain your end thereby. But one gets tired of those things after awhile." " Tired of those things ; are you tired of me? Dudley ?" Lady Dudley Durward's eyes were very hard and bright as she asked the question. " That depends upon what you mean by being tired," he said. " You are very pretty and graceful, and one likes to see pretty things around. You are very useful, too, in my house- hold, for you entertain my friends unexception- ally ; you make a fine appearance abroad, and every one is loud in their praise and admiration of the charming Lady Durward ; I am not tired of that, Madeline." "But you are tired of me personally-you are wearied of my presence, your heart has ceased tc overflow with affection toward me, and you care for me now only so far as I am able to contribute to your ambition. An enviable position mine is, truly," she exclaimed, bitterly. " Pshaw ! Madeline-" "And, now," she interrupted, her voioe rising higher with pain, " that honours are being heaped upon you, you would gladly annul the tie that binds us ; you would cast me off if you could, as Napoleon did poor Josephine, that your ambition, like his, might be satisfied. Is that what your growing coldness to me means ?" " I don't see the use of pursuing this obnoxious subject, Madeline," the earl said, uneasily, and an angry frown clouding his brow; "things are just as they are, and nothing can help them as I see-" "Answer me," she interrupted, passionately, a steel-like glitter in her lustrous eyes, while an imperative tap sounded upon the floor from the dainty white-slippered foot, "Would you be rid of me if you could ?" His lordship lifted hs eyes in mock surprise at her passion. He had never seen her thus before. She had ever been gentle, docile and loving bearing his slights and neglect with unvarying pa- tience and submission. But now the gentle spirit was aroused; her heart, with all its wealth of af- fection, had been outraged beyond all power of endurance ; her self-respect as a wife was at stake and all the most sacred feelings of her nature were trampled upon. Her indignation made her gloriously beautiful, and the very novelty of her emotion pleased her husband, while at the same time it made him reckless as to his reply. " Well, then, my lady," he returned, a wicked fire in his black eyes, " have your answer if you will, and the consequences be upon your own head. I would stop at no lawful means to per- petuate my name, heart or no heart, love or no love, wife or no wife. But unfortunately the days of Napoleon have gone by, and the measures which he adopted to attain his end might not result so favourably to my interests in the nine- teenth century." A despairing cry, which seemed wrung from breaking heart, echoed through that lofty roon at those cruel words. There was a moment of utter silence while that wretched wife and hard-hearted husband stood facing each other ; then " Enough, Dudley Dur- ward," came from the white, stiffening lips of the beautiful, outraged woman. The slight, graceful form was erect and haughty ; tho classical fea- tures were stern and set; all the love-light and pleading eloquence were gone from the lovely sapphire eyes ; the sweet voice was strained and hoarse. "Enough, Dudley Durward," she repeated "too long I have suspected and dreaded this, but now I am forced to acknowledge that I am de- throned from your heart, if a heart you have. I am a wife disowned in all but a name. I am de- graded to a position worse than the lowest outcast who roams the streets-an unloved wife, an in- cumbrance in the house of her husband ; a burden, a clog in the wheels of his car of ambi- tion. Surely, I know of no more wretched crea- ture in existence ! A thing, pretty and graceful, needed to complete the adornment of an es- tablishment something to pamper one's pride by making a fine appearance abroad and en- tertaining well at home ! a mere piece of ma- chinery and useful only as such ! Dudley Durward. " No, I will not be silent," she cried, as he lifted his hand to stop her. "I will speak now, for the first and last time. You have broken my heart, a heart that loved you tenderly and well, with allall the strength of a first warm attachment. You won me from my happy home with your smooth and honeyed words ; you cheated me into making an idol of you, you wove your spells about me until I had no will but your will, no thought but to please your every caprice and whim. For this wealth of a loving, trusting heart, you have given me only ashes in return ; by your coldness and neglect, by your selfishness and heartlessness you have crushed and blighted my life, and to-night you have quenched the last remaining spark of affection in my bosom ; and now, over my dead heart, I pray that henceforth all your fondest hopes may turn to ashes in your grasp, may-." " Madeline ! you are wild ; calm yourself, or you will be unfit to receive our guests," Lord Dudley said, sternly interrupting her, though he was considerably startled at having aroused such a tempest in his usually gentle and submis- sive wife. She laughed at his words ; such a heart-break ing, mocking laugh ! all the silvery sweetness which had greeted his accustomed ears for so many years, gone out of it ; and, involuntarily, he shuddered to hear it. " Yes, yes," she said, " no doubt it would sadly wound the pride of the Lord of Leamington Tow- er's to have his guests mistrust that a domestic gale was blowing upon this, of all nights. But guests or no guests, my lord, you have ruptured a volcano, and you cannot stay its fury until all the lava-tide has been expended. You know there is no fury like A woman scorned; and now listen, and may my malediction follow you while your heartless heart beats within your bosom. May you never again know the love of a human being. May you have honours, empty honours, until your very soul loathes them. If I should die (and I pray I may) may no other wo- man call you husband ; no child ever greet you by the name of father; when you reach the height of your glory, may ruin and despair encompass you ; and until your latest breath, may the wail of this, my broken heart-your cruel work ever sound in your ears, and haunt your dying pillow." The last words rose upon the stillness of that lofty room into a wild, piercing cry, that was almost a shriek; and before the astonished man could recover himself enough to speak, the fairy-like figure, in its robes of shimmering brightness, had fled, leaving him wondering whether he had dreamed it all, or whether his beautiful and slighted wife had lost possession of her senses. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 