BIOGRAPHICAL SKETCHES OF " EVERYBODY'S DOG." CAVE CANEM. I shall not afllict 3011 with copious extracts from "Jesse's Gleanings" about logs and their remarkable sagacity, nor recite all the wondrous things we have heard about the murderer-detecting dog of Montargis, the frozen-traveller- rescuing dog of Mont St. Bernard, of Ulysses' dog —who knew him on his return in spite of rags and 20 yeare' absence,—nor of Tobit's dog, or of other celebrated and historical cauincs, to prove the popularity of this household companion of man. Most great men have had ttieir canine favorites and attaches. Dickens was always, when out, accompanied bj T his dogs. The following excerpt from Dickens is characteristic of the man, and shows the interest he took in his four-footed favorites :—" Timber [one of bis dogs] has had every hair upon his body cut off, because of the fleas, aud he looks like the ghost of a drowned dog come out of a pond after a week or so. It is very awful to see liim slide into a room! He knows the change upon him, and is always turning round and round to look for himself! I think he'll die of grief." Three weeks later he writes :—" Timber's hair is growing again, so that you can dimly perceive him to be a dog. The fleas only keep three of his legs off the groand now, and lie sometimes moves of his own accord towards some place where they don't want to go to!" Byron loved dogs. Hogarth is always painted in «ompany with liis dog—a mere pug at that! Punch, of Fleet-street; or Punch the Peripatetic, is little, or nobody, without his dog. Scott also was fond of his dogs, and I might add many more to tlie list. That lie is the pattern of all that can be conveyed in the word " fidelity " cannot be gainsaid, but it is to regretted that albeit not a sinner himself he is the unwitting cause of sotne small sinning in others. I assume from a lengthened course of Scripture readings that men kept dogs in Solomon's time, and possibly justified his—or by the bve, was it not David's?— assertion that " all men are liars," at any rate some warranty of truth might be found for the rather strong expression if they did ; my own experience, at any rate, shows ine that men whose general veracity would stand high and unimpeachable—A1 at Lloyds, on general topics, when dogs are on the tapis will stretch the truth not a little. A " starts the waggon " with a little story about bis dog, " Well you'd liardly believe, I would not if I bad not seen it with my own eyes," then B chips in witb a neat thing about his dog, " Oh 1 the thing was well known," and then hy way of a clenching affidavit, " there was a paragraph in the Kadgee Wadgee Intelligence about it." C., who has been in a frightful state of apprehension for feir be should forget some of the incidents of his canine biography, then launches a long prosv story about the sagacity 41 almost intelligence, sir," of a dog be once owned, and would supply particulars of tlie lives and times of a number of other dogs be bad owned, known, or beard of, wheit A, baring sot bis second breath, comes in witb further reiuiuiscences of bis dog, till B becomes disagreeably sceptical, and C insists upon telling a much more extraordinary case, and Solomon or David (whichever it may be) is justified. My experience of dogs has not been of a f.-ivor.tb'e character, and I can afford to tell the truth about all the dogs I ever owned,—and in the aggregate they would form a very tolerably large and heterogenous pack. My first veuture was a cross between a bloodhound and a mastiff; at any rate that was the kind of pedigree furnished with him, and from bis peculiari ties had he been charged as a lineal descendant of the Saurians, I should not at this time contest it He was ever hungry by day or night, with digestive powers which enabled him to negotiate anything by way of food, and when legitimate rations fell short, a child's shoe or some equally innutritions substances went down his throat, and he always had a gaunt, ravenous look, which impressed the necessity of ever and again counting the children. This couldn't last, and a friend going up to the station took him off my hands, as he would be useful to worry dingoes. Unfortunately he was a j dog given to error, and made mistakes between the wild dog and my friend's sheep, and he died the death after but a brief bucolic existence. My next experience was sold to me as a bargain, tin Irish retriever in bis puppy- age, which was to grow into a wonder. That dirty, tan-colored animal consumed a large quantity of food day by day, and just when in the course of things ho should have developed into a dog fit to reflect creditably on his oivner, and 6hed n halo of respectability on the establishment generally, he began to have a lop-sided appearancc,and bis coat dropped off in great patches, until he looked like an indiantbbcr dog, with lack lustre, gooseberry eyes, and a wooden bark like a toy dog, and my gallant Irish retriever had to go—with a rope and stone round liis neck. Doubtful neighbors, and the constant disappearance of chattel property from the back premises, led to an enquiry for a good "watcli-dog," and Collars, vendor of dogs, parrots, &c.;, brought me a " fine dog, I could trust 10 y life to." He was accredited to me as one of the bull terrier stamp—he was very bow-'egged, somewhat undershot in the jaw—ears cut close to his head—and with blear-eyed expression, and generally un- prepossessing appearance. He came on Saturday, and, having broken hi6 chain, took charge of t' c yard all Sunday against friend or foe until Monday, when Collars took my frolicsome friend away—at a valuation, and I was grateful that none of iny family were eaten. All my dogs were blessed with good appetites, but I never owned but one dog that was self-supporting ; she was a lady dog, and, like many other mothers, she hud considerable and constant claims on her maternal attention and canine energies. That dog—Artful by name, and artful by nature—pretty much maintained herself and her progeny, but in more than one instance Nemesis followed •in bine serge—and I had to pay the butcher for ber depn dations; her thrifty but predatory habits, I fear, hastened ber end. She died of strychnine. affi inclined to believed that my disappointments culminated in a distinct water-spaniel with a pedigree as long as the niain- top-bowline; he certainly was a decent-looking puppy, with an appearance of crepe in his fur which must bave been artificial, as it went out straight after a day or two ; be soon became hypochondriacal, perhaps from indigestion. Heaven knows he ate enough to give lise to it— be became melancholy, be howled before weather, and he howled after weather—he howled when caressed and howled more if neglected ; iinalty, one day with a more than ordinary horrid bowl he left the premises and—never came back. I have to close the painful story, or a dog's tale, and tried bard to carry out Mavor's idea, because the dog is a good companion, never argues, and " is not a double-faced, though double- footed friend. have done my level best to secure the uncontaininated and unsophisticated mammalian, and be a mother to hitu, and bring him up to be a dog of parts ; or, like the philanthropist amongst the human race, I have picked up the Islimaelitedog, the street wanderer, and tried to make something of bim, but tlie task lias ever resulted in fuiltire, and I bave found it (as it says on the tombstone*-) *' tlie good are taken, and the bad are left to mend," hich the latter never did with tnc. I have had mere bales of wool—puppies which ought to have become canine wonders,—but their maturity never justified the promise of their youth ; and after lengthened and almost parental care in milk, and nursing through all the dangers of puppyhood, and after the young brute had damaged the household furniture to a serious extent, and torn up everything, sometimes iu shedding bis teeth, or out of sheer mischief, he has turned.out a ragged specimen, witb no distinctive feature save his ugliness. On the whole, my experience of dogs has not be«n a happy one, although my experiments have been nutnerois ; but I never could become the possessor of a really good dog, either by treaty, purchase, or conquest. We all have our dogs,horses, or what not, about which we bave our fictions, which traditionally become facts by repetition—and don't let us be hard en poor doggie and his history, as furnished ay his friend and owner. Many a human history, biography, and especially autobiography, would bear considerable pruning down without a direct violation of the truth. Man may be allowed, in kindly remembrance of a generally attached and disinterested follower, to give a rather coleur de rose picture of a dog's virtues. KELP. 