QLEbANlti . The wave of prosperity whieh visited thee colonies last year It still in full flood. Tih Victorian revenue returns for the quarter and year ending M.arch itL show a highly satis. factory increase in the revenue- yielding capa bilities of the people. In the quarter we Obtain a revenue of £1,541,773. against £1,427,669 yielded by the corresponding quarter last year, giving an iccrouase on the ciuarter o'f £114,104. Tihe year gives a revenue I retrii of o£5,643,043, against £4,876,225, in thie fonneryear, shuowing an Increase of £666,818. The Increase is sprcad over the various items of the returns, thesee for the 12 mouths re turning ian increase of £214,755 on customs i; •£1iG0.837 on excisu; territorial, £36,472 ; public t works (:ltfeflyrmilways), £105,855 ; ports and harbh,our, £4,434; post and telegraph oflices, £25,292. The increases nnder, all the heads, sanv that of territorial, ismply, it will be seen, in improvedl condition and increaseed business t activity in the consenting public. Nothing csn bL more gratifying than to see that theb potih .i.ntouonccd by dir Bryou O'Loglilen )tas, i.y Oscetri'g as far ias lposiile "poelee and proges .?." brought "prosperity" in its train ;i l in other words, that the resources and industry r of :he coilony, no longer held in chuck by the disorders caused by a gr:up of unscrupulous gitators, have produced prsperity as their s .?atural consequence. It is lmusning to se Ii kLat, the Berryito metropolitan organ, in c utrtenlptinu to account for the burst of pros- a crity which has followed on tihe expulsion of ir Berry from ollct , explains sinply by the itroducntion of English capital to the colony. IT Wll, take it so. But what allowed of the n ittroduetion and application of English t oapital ? What but the restoration ol confidence brought a out by the conlmna srese of the colony withtrawing the reins of 9 power from the revolutionary adventurers ri who for a long time played dunks and drakes b, with the elements of our materi 1 wavl being P -" Auotralasiau." Tho Beaufortl c.rrespondent of the " Argus" it writing on Titursday says :-A silgelar o ocrurroe?w took plece here to-day. A woman o , named Janet O'Brien stopped the passenger ci train which left Stawvcll at 6.45 this morning, when it was between Biunngor and. Middle Creek, hibout seven miles from Btsufort. by i1 signalling with a red shawil or hood. Whien ' the train was pulled up, the gurart (J. ti Dolahouty) at once got down to see who the woman was, when he frnn.d that sihe was a maniac. WIth the aid of somei of the i passengers she was placed on the train, brought on to Beaufort, and handed over to the pollec. Subsequently Mr Akohuret, IP.M., t hold ani inquiry into the matter, when the "tusband of thie unfortunate woldman deposed that lie was a lien repairer, and residled with i his wife and famuily at gits N7o. 32 on.the ri Beaufort and Ararat line of railway. This i morning, at about 7 o'el'uk, lie left home for t his work, leaving his wife at home in her usual t •Toad heal?or. He had not noticed anyt'ing it peculiar aborut her except that recently she cv had troubled. hererti a great deal a'bout tl religioul.matters. Hie had been married to her 14 years, and she had always been a sober industrious woman. Shte was the mother of 1.1 children. Drs Johnston and Lock certi fled that the patient was suffering from acute religious mania, and an order was trade for her admittinee into the Ararat Lunatic Asylum. While at the lock-up the unfortu- h nate womatn was very viol ent, and site was constantly counting a string of beads she had round her neck, calling each bead by some ai biblical name: She is well-known in this ti distarot as a partieularly sober and painstaking ti woman, and great surprise and regret were C expressed by her friends when her state iI became known. Mr Akehn?ust, I'.M., was in 11 the train at the time when it was stopped, and a he, states that considerable alarm was ex- II perienccd by the passengers at so sudden a o stoppage. Ouitbah.--Theo " Town OCrer" in the Ban 'ranciseo News Letter writes :-" iay te a ghost of Melampos, the torch-bearer, for ever piursue the lioati who Orast promulgated the a eresy that young girls should graduate and worry their ingedy brains with the things that should belong to ntan alone. If they u live to learn, they as catainly live to fo get, r T'iughi the voice may not possess at title of h the harmony of an anthlntic jackdalw, they i are ifreed to pipe Wheno the Flowing Tide I Conice In'sand ether tmelodies of the day. tWitht no more idea of form and colour than an o owl luts of the knleideecope, they are compolled r to pain h and draw. With no taste for literature, they are driven throughr the musty t masters, front Spenser to Tenntyeon. ' Read me,' said a sweet Girl graduate to lher ' mnash' i the other day, within rhearing of the T. C., 1 ' read me the Lo.:urt Eaters, from that dear I fellow, Tehnyson.' 'Tell me,' said the same o fair being rn hour ifterwardse, that sad, sad v story aboit Cleopatrick and the wasp that bit her. We do inot know where tire good Mrt Ml4ills expects to go wheno ile dice, but if the lT. C. had been within a mile of his seminary that evening, atul there wase a dynamite shop on (tid same blook, we sRhudder to think bow thlac i'ctitution of learning would have been pulverined " It Is high and try time that learned dis.. .csselon shroul be renewed with reference to tir anees of rain. Afts r the very dry weather we ave had for montihs, it would be refreshlling ;to get hold of a thoroughtly wet subject. Learned mea have attrinuted the cause of rain to the rapid union f two or' more volumes of air, and considering the rapidity with -irich several volrumes of airy nothlugs are continually issuing from the radical press, it 6s surprising that tire atmospcro is not very muol. damper. Winds, too, have been heldl to be the agents by whichl showers are d is tributed, an assertion which Air Punch verily brelevee. lie is astonished at tire volumes set going, or carried olff by the ngency of pulling. Mr Punish can further testify that, there is a great deal of vapouring; of the kind of lMr Grahant Berry's at Geulong nd ltrwhere, which when condenach into its duep opo tion , falls to tire ground wrih armazing mal dity. With every respect to elaborate enquiriso into the! subject 'if whern tire rtin comes froitm, the rreoesbtrueqml tig point ii witere it has ll gonii to.-"L unch. u nest about iis rtgit reverend ear*; Will, in-' vC:tE are a nuuiatre, titat is a fact. Bun the philosoptilo ean bear whll them, and muty even understand t'at they haene their uses in it0e economy of nature. I apprehend that my lord is a philosopher, and that the buzzlngs of the hungry hosts around and about him givelhimihttle concern. It is certain that he has held well to the pnaitlo l ha koli up on tills question of prayer for rain, and that his view is applauded by all sensible and rational men and women. Such manly and lucid theology as the Bishop's is comforting to those whose reason rebels against ~'le arbitrary interpreta.l tions of the ultraeorthodor. Too long has the world been ruled by literal interpretations, so that faith has indeed beon sorely strained Now it has often oocurred to me that if we could be treated by our parsons to some such explanations as the Bishop has aflorded us in r Bard to the principle of prayer for rain, there would not be so many aeceders from the teachings of the church. It is,irrational,' and indeed intolerable, that we should be asked to believe that whic tis revolinr ti ?ur reason simply because expounders of the scriptilres hold a fixed interpretation of their meaning. I take it that it was a good day for Victoria wh.zn Bishop Moorhouso ca.t his lot amongst us.-'' Herald." 