®|e Wtth Hie establishment at an early date of a Local Court at Snowtown was, promised by the Government in the Souse of Assembly oni Tuesday afternoon. He City Corporation new pig market has been completed, and the city surveyor has ex pressed his satisfaction at the manner in which it has been erected. Messrs Scrymgour & Sons have forwarded to as a plan of the City of Adelaide, reduced . from the original plan of the late Coloael Light, showing the numbers of the town . acres. A lumper named Henry Nelson fell into the hold of the barge Mosquito oa Tuesday whilst loading coals aad broke one of his legs. He was at once removed to the Casualty Hospital, where he was attended by Dr. TolL A fire occurred early on Thursday morningj July C, at Redruth, by which Mr. Jno. Jones, bootmaker, had hia shop and stock entirely destroyed. Both were uninsured. An in quest will be held this afternoon. The Port Augusta paper states that & party of surveyors having completed the survey of the hills north of Mount Remarkable into blocks of about 2,000 to 3,000 acres for pastoral purposes, are now engaged in a similar work south of Mount Brown. The harbor-master, at Uormanville tele graphed to the Marine Board on Wednssday that the ketch Young E, B. ran ashore there during a very heavy squall at 9.15 that morning. The master being unable to beat off shore let go both anchors, but the cables parted. The following telegram was forwarded by the Marquis of Nbrmanby, Governor of Vic toria, who had received it from the Secretary of State, to His Excellency the Governor : — ' Publish notice to mariners — San Francisco ; wreck five miles south-west of entrance, marked by light vessel.' Mr. F. Basedow, M.P., waited on the Minister of Education on Saturday morning, \- July 8, and presented a -memorial from sixty eight residents of Keyneton and tbe neigh borhood praying that the telegraph line might be extended from Angaston to Keyneton. The Minister promised to take the matter into consideration. The woman Maria Macklin, who was c6tr fined in a lunatic asylum for ten years, but who was discharged cured, and who strayed away from her brother's home at Paynehami where she had been staying, on Tuesday, July 4, was discovered on Friday, July 7, at Walkerville^by two men. She was walking along by the side of the river. As we have already stated, Mr. James Allen, an old South Australian journalist, intends publishing at an early date a history of Australia. Mr. Allen is an experienced and facile writer, and, as he has passed the greater portion of his life in these colonies, doubtless' his work will be interesting and in structive. At the latest meeting_ of the board of management of the Adelaide Hospital Mr. J. D. Dunlop, M.B., Edin., L.R.C.S., Eng., of Adelaide, was appointed senior medical officer, and Mr. B. Poulton, M.B. Melb., Ch. B. (Exam.) Melb., M.R.C.S., Eng., of Melbourne, house surgeon of the in stitution. The Areas Express hears that what are con sidered favorable indications for coal were discovered some time since near the old head station at Crystal Brook. A lease of the block has been obtained, a company formed, and operations will be commenced forthwith. The bonus of £10t000 for local discovery ex pires in December next. Mr. B. Masraitii, assistant landing-surveyor H.M. Customs, assisted by Mr. J-. F. Kelson and Detective Dunlevi, made an important seizure of gold watches at Adelaide, on Friday, July 7. The seizure was made in consequence of the officer having evidence that the watches had been smuggled into the colon;, and the goods were confiscated. In the_ Assembly on Tuesday next Mr. Hawker is to ask the Commissioner of Crown Lands in what position the May urra Drainage Board stands with regard to the drains and waste Crown lands within the district ; and whether it is the intention of the Govern ment to maintain all the drains, and also what they intend doing with the Cro«cn lands known as Canunda andThe Hummocks. A motion moved in the Legislative Council on Tuesday, July 11, by the Hon. A. 3. Murray, to the effect that it is not desirable that piebald geese, oversets, snipe, widgeon, shovellers, painted ducks, grey doves, and native companions should be excluded from protection under the Game Act of 1S74, as published by Gazette notice last February, was negatived. It was reported ta the police on Sunday morning, July 9, that an elderly woman named Elizabeth Whitehead, wife of William WMtehead, a gardener living in Maxwell street, had cut her throat. Dr. Joyce was sent for, and the woman by his advice was taken to the hospital. On enquiry there we learn that no fears are entertained of the injuries proving fatal. A meeting of the Caledonian Society was held on Tuesday evening, July 11. The Hon. Dr. Campbell presided. The principal busi ness was the nomination of officers for next year. It was intimated by the relief com mittee that £119 had been collected for the Ramsay fund, and that up to the present time JBIG had been raised for the assistance of Mrs. Mclndoe. From reports to hand the Terowie JVmes understands that the results of the late lamb iugliav-e not been particularly satisfactory. On some stations as much as TO percent, have been^ut, while on others the percentage has been as low as 30. Indeed it would seem as if the average for the whole north-east were nearer the lower than the higher figure. Shearing will soon commence in the far northern country. The Sydney Morning HercM states fJTat 'there are at the present time no less than 461 miies of railway in course of construction in New South Wales, of which 10S will foe open for traffic in the course of the month of Jnly — 25 from Carrathool to Hay, and 51 from Moonbi to TJraHa, which will be opened on July 4, and the remaining 32 miles, from Uarrabri to Boggabri, will be opened on ike 11th July. There are yet 635^ miles of rail way authorised to be constructed in the colony, but for which tenders have not yet been.invited.' We have received a copy of the sirty-third report of tbe directors and auditors of tiie Bank of New South Wales, presented at the half-yearly meeting of proprietors on April 29 last. The net profits of -the half-year amounted to £S9,G48 3s. lOd. ; to which was added the undivided balance from the pre vious half-year, £4,840 18s. 5d., making £94,489 2s. 3d. This was appropriated as follows :— To payment of dividend at the rate of 15 per cent, per aivrrara, £75,000 ; to bonus at the rate of 2i per cent, per annum, £12,50() ; to balance carried to 'profit and loss,' new account, £6,989 2s. 3d. The half-yearly meeting of the Adelaide Catholic Young Men's Society was held in St. Francis Xavier's Hall, Wakefield-street, Dr. Gunson in the chair. The report read by the secretary was of a very favorable character, and disclosed the fact that the society had progressed considerably during the past half year. The election of officers for the second half-year took place with the following re sult :— Dr. Gunson, Knight of St. Gregory, president ; Messrs. C. J. James, vice president; M. J. Elwood, hon. secretary; A. J. Korff, treasurer; and J. Hickey, assis tant-secretary. Currency is given by the Port Augusta Dispatch to a rumor which will probably lead to serious complications between a resident of the Port and his better half. The husband some time ago went to the metropolis, and during his absence a letter addressed to him was opened by his wife, The contents being of such a nature as to lead her to imagine that a portion at least of his heart's affections were the property of another of her sex, she gathered together certain of her worldly goods and started to town to enquire into the case. The result of the enquiry is not yet known. We have received a copy of the new issue of the Lantern, the proprietorship of which has been resumed by Mr. F. S. Carroll, who con ducted the paper for some years before it was transformed into a so- called society magazine under the title of the Bulletin arid Lantern. Mr. Carroll has adopted the original form of issue, giving a full page cartoon, and promises additional improvements in illustration and letterpress. The first number contains a well-drawn cartoon, in which the hand of a Glenelg artist is noticeable, and some pun gent articles free from many of the objection able features which characterised the Bulletin. In reference to the proposed overland rail way to Melbourne the Border Watch remarks: — 'A. movement will be initiated here to com mence an agitation in favor of extending the proposed railway from Kairnc to Border Town to Mount Gambier. We have no doubt this will be warmly taken up by the residents of county Grey generally. It would be of immense benefit to this end of the district to be connected with the overland line, and tJia present opportunity of pressing our claims should not be neglected. If we do not get railway communication now we may have to wait a long time for it. Our credit is good, and an extra quarter of a million sterling would suffice to link Mount Gambier and the south to the railway system of the colony.' Tlie aldermen of the city gave a compli mentary dinner to TTia Worship the Mayor in the Town Hail refreshment-room on Friday evening. There were abont 60 gentlemen pre sent, Mr. Alderman Buik occupying the chair. The attendance was of a representa tive character, including all the aldermen and councillors of the corporation, and most of the-offioei®. The dinner was a capital one, doing great credit to the caterer, Mr. Hines, who placed on the tables a repast thoroughly befitting the traditions connected with alder manic display. The proceedings were of a thoroughly enjoyable character, but as she political element was excluded from the gathering the speeches possessed no par ticular significance. ' The Mount Barker Courier states that 'a company has been formed for the purpose, of re-establishing the Lobethal tweed factory. Operations in connection with it will imme diately be commenced, and improved machi nery aad experienced labor will be employed in order to make the venture a success. We believe that the capital of the new company is represented by twenty shares of £500 each. As the industry will give employment to a large number of people, and will be the means of adding wealth and importance to the dis trict, we heartily wish its energetic promoters success in their courageous and patriotic enterprise. The former Lobethal Woollen and Tweed Company received the Govern? ment bonus of £2,000 for woollen tweeds as long ago as July 16, 1875.' The drawing for the pictures in Mr. E. D. Stocks'-s art distribution was held on Tues day, July 11, in the Exchange-room, Town Hall, the Hon. J. C. Bray, M.P., presiding, and the two little. Miss Moltons drawing the tickets. A number of ladies and gentlemen were present. The pictures went from the first prize in the following order:— Messrs, R. S. Young (Mount Gambier), B. Burford, Hon. A- Catt, H. Harford, J. F. Walker (Kooringa), J. B. Siebert, J. Coulls, W. K. Simms, C. Barton, F. L. Clausen, J. T. UanMvell, , J. Rowe, J. F. Wigley, F. Nofctage, L. R. Scammell, Chas. White, D. F. Kelson, T. L, Cottrell, C. D. Perkins, A. Champion, E. T. Smith, M.P., G. Howell, W. H. Chamock, W. Symon, W. F. Griffith, C. E. Hall, J. Luxnioore, H. J. Poole, E. C. Longson. A military concert was held in the Glenelg Institue on Thursday night, July 6, in aid of the prize fund of the Glenelg Company of volunteers. There was a large attendance. The programme consisted of vocal and instru mental music, recitations, and sword and singlestick contests, in which the following gentlemen took part -.—Messrs. Murch, J. J. Virgo, Rooney, Kemp, Massey, Lee, Pro fessor Nemo, and the members of the Ade laide Sword and Bayonet Club. The enter tainment concluded with a dramatic sketch entitled 'Borrowed Plumes.' During the entertainment Sergeant-Major Esselbach, of the Glenelg Company, was presented with a handsomely-illuminated address by the old members of the GlenelgiCompany, tistifying to his zeal in promoting the interests of that company. The following petition, bearing ninety-nine signatures, was presented by Mr. Cooke to the House of Assembly on Wednesday after noon : — ** We the undersigned petitioners pray that your honorable House will take into consideration the advisability of de claiing Port Germein a port of export and import. At present all the exports and im ports of Port Germein are credited to Port Pirie, which, in the opinion of your peti tioners, is a great injustice to Port Germeia. Your petitioners respectf ally point out that township allotments of land which realised very high prices were sold by the Govern ment as Port Germein, and that the Govern ment in refusing to declare Port Germein a port of. export and import are acting un justly to your petitioners, who use Port Germein as their port.' The children of the late Patrick O'Brien, who, together with his wife, died in conse quence of injuries received from fire at the Rocky Waternoles Hotel, have been taken to Wilcannia, and temporary arrangements have been made for their supervision and comfort by Mr. Steel, the local agent for the curator of intestate estates. The Western Grazier . states that it is uncertain as yet what prori sion will ultimately be made for them, but it is not improbable that in view of the case the four orphan girls, the oldest only thirteen, ?who ave without relatives in the colonies, will be sent to the industrial schools. The amount realised by the sale of their father's property, which may be expected to amount to nearly £1,000, will remain in the hands of the curator, at interest, to be applied to their benefit as may be deemed|advisable. UTot much progress has been made in con nection with the conservation of water in the north sanctioned by our Parliament last ses sion. Mr. Johnson in the House of Assembly on Wednesday interrogated the Government on the subject, mentioning that he had been credibly informed that there were several gentlemen now in the city well qualified for employment in the works proposed to be carried, out. The Commissioner of Crown Lands stated that the Government were not taking any active steps in the matter at pre sent, but a report was being prepared in re ference to the whole question. He explained that until the arrival of the machinery oidered to be sent to the colony by the Surveyor-General the Government did not anticipate doing anything special in the matter. The following petition from forty-five in habitants of the hundreds of Younghusband and Burdett was presented by Mr. Henning in the House of Assembly on Tuesday:— 'That most of your memorialists having selected land in the above hundreds, are laboring under great disadvantages in not having proper road accommodation. That in. the above hundreds about fifty miles of frontage to the River Murray have been selected, independent of the back country. That your memorialists have to go to Man num, both as regards commerce and crossing the river where there is a ferry, but the roads leading thereto are so heavy as almost to make them impassable. That your memorialists humbly pray that your honorable House will grant a special vote of £1,000 for the purpose of making and repairing roads in the above hundreds.' According to the Some News of June 2, 'William Moffat, aged 45, late a postmaster in South Australia, was brought before Sir James Ingram, at Bow-street, on a charge. of embezzlement. The prisoner was arrested under the Fugitive Criminals Act, at Ply mouth, by Insrector Jarvis, of the Criminal investigation department, on the arrival of the P. & O. Co.'s steamship Pekin. His description had been telegraphed to Scotland yard, with a statement that he had taken a passage in the Clyde. Upon enquiry Inspector Jarvis ascertained that that ship would not arrive for some days. He there upon boarded the Pekin, and from the description -given he identified the prisoner, who had booked his. passage in the name of HendersoD. The officer addressed him by his proper name, and upon acknowledging his identity he was taken into custody. He was remanded for the arrival of the necessary papers in support of the allegations.' ' On Saturday, July 1, Mr. E. Winckel, of Buchsfelde, was digging some holes for plant ing fruit- trees when he came across the skele ton of a blackfellow. It was buried about two feet underground in a hole about two feet -six inches long. The body was doubled up until the knees touched the shoulders. Along side the body were a red marking stone, three freshwater shells, the jawbone of some small animal, and two teeth, apparently fish teeth. The articles, says the Gaioler Stan dard, are probably the remains of the food placed in the grave at the time of the burial. There were also some ashes or lime about the body. The skeleton is in a good state of pre servation, especially the teeth, although it must have been buried for over thirty years as Mr- Wisekel'ff father has been living on the place for about thirty-two years. Daring that period there have been three or four floods over the site of the grave, which is not far from the river bank. The general orders issued by the staff office state that officers are requested, by per sonal observation, to make themselves acquainted as far as possible with the country between the Grange, Adelaide, and Glenelf. IJntil further orders, in the event of an alarm, officers will _parade in their tunics. The commandant observes with much re-ret the large number of men absent from 'the Saturday parades, with or without leave. Cricket, football, and races keep members of the force away every week. During the drill season the men always have one, sometimes two, Saturdays in every month to themselves. This, the eommandant thinks, ought to be enough, and is so for all who join from feel ings of patriotism. In these disturbed times especially there should be no shirking of duty, although it may be one voluntarily under taken. The commandant trusts that in future every member of the force will turn out at all parades unless absolutely prevented from so doing. The annual meeting of the Virginia Agri cultural [Society was held on Monday, July 10, Mr. H. C. Marchant, vice-president, pre siding. The chairman stated that the audi tors had examined the books, and found everything correct. After the payment of £133 -5s., which was expended at the last show, there was a balance of £3 lls. in the trea surer's hands. It was suggested that the secretary should write to the Port GawJer Agricultural Society informing them of tine date of- the next meeting, with a view of en listing their support in making those shows greater successes, and in consequence tilie election of officers and committee was delayed until the next meeting, in order to hear the opinion of the Port Gawler Agricultural Society on the matter. A preliminary meeting of the shareholders of JElder's Wool and Produce Company was held at Messrs. Elder, Smith, & Co.'s ware house, Grenfell-street, on Wednesday morn ing. There was a large attendance of share holders, and the Hon. O. Murray, M.L.O., occupied the- chair.- The memorandum and tiie articles of association were adopted with one or two alight verbal alterations. It was -decided- that (there should be seven directors, that they should meet not less frequently than once a month, and that their remunera staould be £500 per annum, to be divided amongst themselves as they should think fit. The following gentlemen were then elected directors :— Messrs. R. B. Smith, Peter Waite, W. Reynell, and the Hons. R. C. Baker, A- B. Murray, D. Murray ,, and J. Crozier. At the annual meeting of the Adelaide Life Assurance and- Guarantee Company to be held to-morrow the following report by the directors will be presented :— The balance at the credit of profit and loss amounts to £1,812 19s. 5d., which the directors propose appropriating -as follows : — £1,250 to ? the pay ment, on and after the 1st August next, of the usual dividend of 10 per cent., with a bonus of 21- per cent. ; £502 19s. 5-L to be carried forward to next year's account. During the year three policies have matured by the death of the parties, two from natural causes, and one from suicide, all of which were promptly paid. It will be satisfactory to insurers to know that the invested funds of the company now amount to close on 55 per cent, of the total amount insured under life policies. The correspondence between the Govern ment and the Orient Company, and other documents bearing on the matters in dispute, were some time ago ordered to be laid before the House of Assembly, but have not yet been produced. Mr. Hawker asked in the House on Tuesday when the return would be laid on the table, and was informed by the Chief Secretary that progress had been made with its preparation, and that it would possibly b&rplaced; before the House that after noon. This anticipation, however, was not realised. Mr. Bray in answering the ques tion, mentioned that ministers had very little to do with the preparation of returns, which, when they were ordered were given to the Under-Secretary to look -after ; but he had made enquiries respecting the one referred to by Mr. Hawker, and found that it would be almost immediately ready. It was an invari able custom, so far as he was. able to judge from his ministerial experience, to lay returns before the House directly they were com pleted by the officers of the Government. A sad accident occurred on Tuesday, July 11, at Gawler to a man named George Bye water, 35 years of age. Eyewater has been working for some time at Mr. Baker's livery stables, and on the day in question was employed in feeding the chaffcutting machine belonging to the place. By some means his right hand was drawn into the cogs, and before the machine could be stopped the member was cut off at the wrist. The man stood for a moment and then ran a few yards to the bouse, where lie obtained a towel, and wrapping it round the wounded limb, pro ceeded to Dr.t Dawe's residence, about a quarter of a mile distant. Thence, after his wants were attended to, he was driven to his home on Gawler Plains. Eyewater is a married man and has three children, the youngest being only about three months old. The remains of his hand, which had been chopped y» pieces, were picked out from among the chaff. Had it not been for the belt slipping opportunely when the accident happened the whole of his arm might have been drawn into the machine. A fatal accident occurred on Friday night, July 7, to a young German named Andreas Lowke, a married man, aged about 24, who re sided at Ebenezer. The Kapunda Herald. states : — ' We have not been able to ascertain the exact particulars, but so far as we can. learn the deceased was in Kapunda on Friday, made some purchases at Mr. Packer's, then took his waggon and four southwards, and returned homewards in the afternoon, having in. the meantime got a load of chaff on his waggon. The horses and waggon remained against the fence ail night a few yards from where the accident occurred. As Lowke had not returned on Saturday morning a search was instituted, which resulted in his beins found dead on the road between Wiesner and his own place, about a mile from home. Apparently the waggon had gone over hia head, so the presumption is he must have been riding on the pole aud fallea off, as had he fallen from the top of the load he must have gone clear of the wheels. The matter was reported to Mr. Jas. Irwin, J.P., who after enquiry certified an inquest as un necessary.' Our New South Wales telegrams have already notified that Mr. James Allison has secured the lease of a block of land in Sydney, at the. corner of Pitt and Market streets, having a frontage of 116 feet to the former and of 1S1 feet to the latter street, on which he proposes to erect a theatre, with hotel and shops. The theatre, which is to be called 'Her Majesty's,' is (according to a Mel bourne contemporary) to be constructed on. the most approved principles, and to have a width of 75 feet and a depth of 181 feet. The auditorium will be divided as in the Theatre Royal, Melbourne, into dress circle, stalls, family circle, pit, and gallery, and will have separate entrances for each part. No expense is to lie spared in constructing or fur nishing the theatre, which is to have every modern improvement. The hotel will be a building of four stories, and contain about forty rooms. It is proposed to devote a por tion of it to club purposes, and to have a large underground buffet for rase ia hot wea ther. Several shops are also proposed in the plan of the block of buildings, which will cost about £45,000, and occupy a very central site in the city of Sydney. Writing with reference to the scheme for locking the river Darling, the Western Grazier says: — 'Those who still affect to re gard the locking of the Darling as a newly suggested and visionary enterprise, may ad vantageously study the history of the early explorations of Cadell, Randall, and others. In February, 1S59— about the same time that Sir R. G. MacDonnell accompanied Captain. Cadell as far up the river as the present site of Wilcannia— Mr. W. R. Randall pushed on in the steamer Gemini for some considerable distance further. A short time afterwards Mr. Randall wrote an account of his voyage.to Governor MacDonnell, in whicli he pronounced the country above Mount Murchison superior to any he had seen oa the Murray or Murrumbidgee, and. iurther remarkedthat 'the navigation of the Darling is capable of much improvement by damming; up the back waters by locks, &c;, for which, the character of the river is eminently suited.7 This, be it borne in mind, was the delibe rately expressed opinion of an experienced Riverine explorer, founded upon the close observation and inspection of every feature in the river necessary during a pioneer voyage.' The Clare paper states that steps are being taken to establish the local agricultural and Horticultural Society on a firmer basis than it has hitherto occupied : — ' The want of general interest in its operation proved some what discouraging, and as comparatively few contributed towards the support of the society the lack of funds greatly hampered the committee. That difficulty will, how ever in some degree be removed, as the Hon. G. C. Hawker, Mr. J. H. Angas, and other influential persons who take an interest in this district have volunteered liberal sup port to the society. A great draw back has been experienced in the vpast by having the show divided, the indoor exhibits being in the town hall, and livestock aud implements, in a paddock soma distance away. The racecourse paddock could be turned into a first-rate show-ground -at a comparatively small cost. The galvanized, iron fence which encloses the saddlingpad deck could be easily utilised for show pur poses by making' pens alongside of it for sheep/ and pig'-s, and the grand stand and other buildings adjoining could be converted into a. suitable place for indoor exhibits.' On Tuesday evening, July 11, a meeting of the Gawler Christian Young Men's Associa tion was held for the purpose of receiving the report of the provisional committee, and. also for the election of officers and the adop tion of rules. There was a very good attend ance. Mr. S. B. Rudall presided. After the report of the committee had been presented. a discussion as to the basis and constitution was held, and finally both the basis and con stitution of the Adelaide society were adopted, with a few alterations to meet special circumstances. The election of officers resulted as follows : — President, Mr. W. Malcolm, J.P. ; vice-presidents, the Eevs. J. Gordon, J. Nicholson, S. Howard, and Holmes, and Messrs. W. F. Wincey* J.P., J. F. Martin, and W. S. Bennett ; hon. secretaries, Messrs. A. DrakardandR. Snell grove ; treasurer. Sir. E. Clement ; com mittee, Messrs. S. B. Rudall, J. Thompson, A. Ruth, A. G. Wells, and J. If. Richards. The meetings of the society were fixed, and many of the members expressed a hope that they would soon have rooms of their otro. The Rev. J. Gordon promised to give art opening address. Several persons signed the constitution, and it was resolved to leave it open till the next meeting. At the latest meeting of the Mount Gambier Corporation the question of lighting; the town with gas was introduced by the mayor, who stated that from enquiries he had made he believed the sanction of the rate payers would be given for the undertaking to» betaken in hand by the council.' To do this money wonld have tobe borrowed, but the work would be reproductive and there was little doubt the profits would more than cover the interest. To enable the corporation to raise sufficient money to carry out the work their borrowing power would have to be increased, which could only be done through Parlia ment. The mayor did not apprehend there would be any difficulty in the matter, but before any action is taken a public meeting of ratepayers will be convened, when the proposal will be submitted, and their voice taken thereon. Many towns of less preten sion and wealth than Mount Gambier {writes j the S.E. Star), are now lighted -with gas, and ! the undertaking has proved a source of revenue, and there is no reason -why such should not be the case at Mount Gambier. Pending further information from Adelaide in reference to the extension o? the borrowing powers of corporation,.thequestionis in abey ance, but as soon as that is to hand a public meeting will no doubt be called to decide ?whether the council shall take the proposed progressive step. On Tuesday evening, July 11, a number of gentlemen met in the Oddfellows' Hall, Gawler, for the purpose of wishing bon voyage to Mr. JB. 'Wendlandt on his departure for Europe, and to present him with a parting memento of their appreciation of his worth. The presentation took the appropriate form cf a handsome well-fitted morocco travelling Taag, accompanied by an address printed in gold on blue satin, and mounted in banner form. In making the presentation Me Cheek said they could not allow Mr. Wend landt to depart without tendering some re cognition of his musical services to the town. He trusted that the gift would be useful to lim wherever he went, and hoped that they would soon ?welcome him back to South Aus tralia. Mr. Biggs in a few brief words en dorsed the previous speaker's remarks. Mr. Wendlandt returned thanks, remarking that he had tried to do his best, and had always given his musical services willingly without any regard to what denomination required them. He really felt sorry to leave so many kind friends, but hoped some day to be back again amongst them. The Gawler band, . ?which was in attendance, having serenaded the departing guest the meeting broke up. 'We understand that Mr. Wendlandt, who has resided for some time in Gawler, and who has always been willing to place his musical - knowledge gratuitously at the service of any charitable purpose, is on his way to Europe, having become heir to considerable property. In the United States, in a speech before the Lafayette Land League, Dr. Burke, a brother of one of the victims of the Phoenix Park assassins, paid an eloquent tribute to the worth of the Under Secretary. He said — I know that his death will be speedily avenged. I know that no Land Leaguer in Ireland, and no Land Leaguer here, had a, hand in this cowardly deed. Ireland and England -re on the verge of atrue recon ciliation, and no true patriot, no true Irish man, ever committed the fearful and dastardly deed. The spirit of Toryism is . alive to the dangers of the situation. The strength of the Land League is not only shown in Ireland, but it has a firm footing in Scotland, and will soon have one in England. What then becomes of landlordism in these countries? What then of the ill - gotten wealth, prestige, honor, of that so-called conservative power, great only by the great ness of its accumulated funds and crimes? Believe me it is in the spirit of that Toryism that has armed the men who murdered my brother. As for you, friends and fellow citizens, all I ask of you is that you raise -your voices against this monstrous assassina tion, and enter a public protest against such foul and cowardly proceedings. It will be a consolation to my sorrowing brother and my -disconsolate sister, and a token of American respect for a brother and friend -who is no more. The Land League adopted resolu tions denouncing the assassination in strong terms. 'Writing under date June IS the Noumea correspondent of the Sydney -Morning Herald observes : — ' One of the most singular storms dhat ever came under my experience here ov elsewhere occurred yesterday morning. Tor a few days the weather had. been unsea sonably warm and threatening for rain, bat had on the 13th set in apparently for fair. On the 14th, at 8 a.m., with the most sur prising suddenness, .a terrific squall of wind and rain set in from the north-west, veering round to the south by west, where it expended itself, after raging for only an lour and a half— -sufficient time, however, to sink one or two small -coasters, and injure several boats. A large French vessel, arrived the day previous, dragged into a position that must have insured her being driven on shore had the wind returned to the west. The Government steamer Loyalty got up steam to be ready in case of need. The whole population, on shore and sea, were taken by surprise, and wondered where the storm would end. At 11 a.m. an absolute calm reigned, and was succeeded by rain, which lasted with intermissions for about thirty-six: hours. The barometer fell rapidly from 29-90 to 29*78. In one hour it rose again to 29*90. At 9.30 p.m. it again fell aa suddenly to 29*78, and the wind commenced lightly in the same quarter, but gained no strength, and died away to a calm, followed by rain squalls. The town did not suffer. This miniature hurricane was general throughout the island. No barm is reported from the coast.' Mr. J. F. Key, for many years chief accountant to the the firm of D. & J. IWler, was on Monday evening, July 10, made the recipient of a very gratifying testi monial from his fellow employes on the occasion of his severing his connection with that house to enter into business as a partner in the newly formed firm of Blackwell, Fel stead, -& Go. A dinner was given in his honor at Beach's restaurant, and during the even- ' ing he was presented with a chaste silver dinner service. The senior resident partner, Mr. E. Y. Joyner, presided, and Mr. C. G. Terry, the London partner of the firm, at present visiting the colonies, occupied the -vice- chair. The usual loyal and patriotic toasts being disposed of, the chairman pro posed the health of the guest of the evening, expressing the appreciation in which Mr. Key was held by the firm, and paying him a high compliment for his business tact and unassuming, gentlemanly bearing, and con gratulating him upon the step he was taking, in which he wished him every possible success. This toast being heartily received and drunk in bumpers of champagne, Mr. Key feelingly replied, remarking that during his thirteen years' connection with the_ firm he had received nothing but kindly considera tion from them and his fellow- employes. Mr. F . A. Beeves, the oldest office -employe, made the presentauonin -well-chosen words, which ?were endorsed by Messrs. A. O. Craigie, A. T. Clancy, and Alex. Gardiner. Several other toasts usual on such occasions, and songs, assisted in passing a pleasant evening. On Tuesday morning, July 11, a deputa tion, consisting of the following representa tives from the hundreds of Macclesfield, Echunga, Hahndorf, and Stirling, Messrs. Edmunds, Hough, Thorpe, Bastian, Maker, Fox, and Allen, headed by the Hon. John Col ton, M.P., Messrs. J. L. Stirling, M.P., and A. H. Landseer, M.P., waited on the Com missioner of Public Works to request him to reconsider his decision regarding the removal of the road from Macclesfield to Echunga from the schedule of main roads, and to ask him to consider the advisability of construct- ing a road from Macclesfield to the proposed new railway station, en route to Strathalbyn. It was pointed out that the striking off of the old road necessitated the traffic being sent by road from Bugle Ranges to Macclesfield, which resulted in great inconvenience both to resi- dents and market gardeners travelling from Hahndorf. The Commissioner expressed his surprise that the surveyor should not have taken more care before recommending the road to be struck off. He would give the matter his best attention, and if possible have the road resurveyed. As to the request to construct a road from Macelesfield to the proposed site for a railway station, he would have the country examined, and if no engineering difficulty were met with he would be glad to accede to the wishes of the deputation in this respect. The deputation would of course understand the necessity of having the site for the station fixed on entirely level ground, and on that account he could not have it altered, even though by doing so the route for the road would be made more convenient for the residents. The first meeting of the Clare Vigilance Committee was held on Thursday, July 6, when, according to the local paper, Mr. T. E. Powell was appointed honorary secretary, and sub-committees were also appointed. Mr. Stacy reported that men were employed in the marble quarry, but had not got below the surface stone, and that twelve gentlemen had undertaken to test the quarry. It was stated that the reefs extended some miles north and a short distance south of the town. It was thought desirable to send a block of stone to Adelaide for Mr. Fraser, M.P., and other experts to report on its quality. The chairman (Mr. F. C. Gray) offered to convey it to Saddlewortb free of cost. The question of letter-pillars was mooted, but as the corporation had moved in the matter the committee decided not to take action until a reply to the town clerk's letter on the subject had been received. With re gard to a daily mail between Laura and Clare via Georgetown, the secretary was instructed to bring the matter before the Postmaster General, There was some discussion on the question of water - conservation, and the springs on Mr. Lloyd's properly and above the slaughteryards were mentioned as places whence a permanent supply was obtainable. The matter, however, was allowed to stand over. Railway matters were next introduced, when it was resolved that a memorial be pre pared for presentation to both Houses of Parliament, praying for a railway from River ton to Clare. It was also resolved that Auburn and Watervale be asked to assist the committee in preparing the memorial. It was decided to hold committee meetings fort nightly. Three very interesting fossils have been ; presented to the Port Adelaide Museum by Mr. W. B, Cave, who found them near the banks of the Warburton river, about 600 miles north of Adelaide. They were all-taken from tertiary deposits, and are tolerably well preserved. The principal one is a portion of a lower jawbone, which belonged apparently to a reptile of the order croeoditia. There are only two teeth in it that are whole, but there arc a number of portions of others, ail of which seem to point to the conclusion that they were sharp canine teeth. It is from this fact, and because the teeth are all in separate sockets, as well as from the shape of the jaw that it is supposed it belonged to an animal of the order named. The portion of the jaw, in the museum shows the size of it when com plete to have been about eleven or twelve inches long. The second fossil apparently represents a part of the pelvis of a quadruped, such as a good- sized kangaroo, and is in excel lent preservation. The last fossil consists of a hard piece of rock, on which '.xre some well defined and slightly compressed mark ings which look more like a portion of the footprint of an aquatic bird than anything else. There is a peculiarity about this fossil which renders it more interesting. It is a flat piece of siliceous sort of rock with, broken edges ; about six inches long, four inches wide and three-quarters of an inch thick, but on all sides of it except on the sur face containing the impression there is a thin calcareous layer which even reaches over the edges of the markings. This shows that the piece of rock long after it had solidified the impression, had broken off and again found itself under water, but in such a position that the impression, and that only, could not be got at by the numerous foraminifera and kindred organisms which exist at the bottom of the sea. Thus on the same piece of rock are to be found fossil remains of animals separated from each other by long ages. The following letter has been addressed by Miss Pamell to the editor of the Sun *.— 'ft is my hope — nay, it is my belief —that it will be found that no Irish hand was concerned : in 'the murder of the two innocent men who perished in Ireland last Saturday. The deed could only have emanated from persons who felt an equal hatred to Mr. Gladstone and to Mr. Parnell, to .the present Govern ment in England and to the Land League, Only two classes of persons fill this bill. One is the Irish Tory landlord ; the other is an .extremely small section of Irish Nihilists, using the term Nihilist in its worst sense, aa meaning the political assassin. The crime, however, was so un-Irish in the manner of its execution that I cannot believe the last named class was guilty of it. It is no wonder though that the guilt should be imputed to Irish - Americans by people who are not 'behind the scenes.' Whoever reads the pages of the United Irtsliman, published in this country, would think if a stranger, that Irish Americans were capable of all the foulest crimes under the sun. We, who live here, know that the bark of these advocates of political assassination is worse than their bite ; we know that the owner of this particular paper has been driven to frenzy by the atrocious cruelties ^practised on him by his British gaolers, and that writing and talking are the only means by which to vent his but too natural ani mosity ; we know that he does England no real harm— -that England has nothing to fear fromhim or his party. Unfortunately it is to Ireland that he does the harm. It is our sacred national cause that suffers from Mm and the rest of his irresponsible friends. In the name of that cause I entreat Irish Americans no longer to dally with this evil - thing. - Crime is crime, and there is never any good to be expected from it. We Irish are not assassins, and it is time that we should no longer allow any would-be Nihilist, on paper, to take away the fair reputation of our motherland. — I remain, yours faithfully— Fanky Paenell. Bordentown, 9th May.' The recent great robbery at the Winter Palace, Peking, is thus referred to by the Jforth China Herald: — 'The prize was, no' doubt, a tempting one. Massive bronze or copper chains, plated heavily with gold, and several tons in weight, form no contemptible ' booty, and the fact that this mass of treasure was actually seized and carried off by the 'gang of robbers is enough to cause the pro foundest suspicion and alarm to the palace inmates. It shows not only that the Son of Heaven is exposed to disloyal attacks from without, but to the still graver danger of un faithfulness from within. The disclosures thus brought to light are not those of an ordinary theft. The walls of the palace, like those of the Manchu city, are garnished with bastions or watch-towers at the corners ; and these structures are usually regarded as virtually no more than characteristic decorations — impos- ing from a distance, but, of course, a scene of emptiness and neglect and dust inside. It appears now that for years past the Imperial bastions have been the lurking-place of a gang of thieves, who were protected and assisted by the palace eunuchs. Lights were occasionally observed to flash and gleam from the cannon-holes and windows of these towers, an occurrence which seems to have caused the officers of the household to sus pect that they must be inhabited. The eunuchs, on being questioned, confirmed the story of the lights, but explained the.mystery by saying that the Hu Hsien, or Fox Fairy, ?was prostrating himself therewith his lighted torch. It may be thought incredible that the officers should have been sufficiently imbecile to believe this fable, or that the eunuchs should have dared to trade so far upon the superstition of their superiors. But fox-myths are far from being extinct in China, or even in Japan, The animal is credited with many marvellous and supernatural attributes, among which is the ability at th% age of fifty to take the form of a woman, and at a hun dred that of a young and beautiful girL He can also become a wizard if he likes, and at the age of a thousand years is admitted into Paradise where he becomes a celestial being.' On Thursday morning, July 6, a party of gentlemen, including His Worship the Mayor of Port Adelaide (Mr. H. W. Thompson) and Mr. Rowland Roes, M.P., drove from Adelaide to Magill for. the purpose of witnessing the results - of a blast containing 2,000 lbs. of gun powder and 600 lbs. of Nobel's dynamite, at Air. S. Pizey's quarries near MagilL The party, who left the city about 9:20, arrived at the quarries at 10.15 and inspected the works. About 11 o'clock the blast was fired, the result being the dis placement of about S,000 tons of sandstone. The drive was in the shape of a T, the main drive being 47 feet and the cross head 37 feet long, forming two chambers. The chambers were fired by means of electricity, Miss Carruthers, of Magi!!, being the operator at the dynamo- electric exploder. The operations in connection with this and the recent blasting in the neighbor hood have been superintended from the com* meneementby Mr. E. Thomson, of Nobel's Explosive Company, at Glasgow, for whom Messrs. Elder & Co. are the agents. The blast was perfectly satisfactory ia its results. The stone dislodged was white sandstone used for nagging, rubble stone, and pitch paving. Several of the pieces dislodged'were . nearly 5 tons in weight and of a very superior quality, and some of the cubes from a pre vious blasting in the same quarry bore a close resemblance to marble. At the conclusion of the proceedings the party, ? at the invitation of Mr. Pizey, ad journed to the residence of that gentleman and partook of refreshments, after which - several toasts were proposed and honored. In proposing ' The Parliament,' Mr. Pizey said the aetion of the present Government had tended to encourage -quarry development and industries in general. Mr. Rees in responding, endorsed the opinions of the proposer relative to the Ministry ; and pro posed the health of Mr. Pizey, expressing a hope that he would be entirely euccessf ul_ in *hi« business enterprise. The ' Building Trade' and other toasts followed, and the party returned to town early in the afternoen. Much discontent exists in the minds of the townspeople of Port Augusta, writes our local correspondent, with respect to the de fective accommodation of the law court. The legal work transacted in this important northern town has reached very large pro portions, but nothing has been done to in crease the facilities for performing the busi ness, or to provide for the comfort or con venience of those whose attendance at the courthouse is demanded by the exigencies of civil or criminal law transactions. After the first circuit court had been held His Honor the Chief Justice commented in most vigorous terms on the defective accommodation and vfllanous acoustic properties of the build ing, but as yet his words have borne no fruit. During the criminal sittings jurymen and witnesses are huddled together like sheep in a pen, whilst the position of the gentlemen of the long robe and their emissaries isnot much better. Of reporting accommodation there is none ; but after a chair has been borrowed from a neighboring store or an hotel, and a table procured, the press representatives are enabled to ply their vocation, provided they can 'hear what is going on, which, it may he remarked, is not always the case. The office for the transaction of clerical work, is miserably small, and. the conveniences pro vided for the safe and convenient keeping of the court documents are utterly inadequate,. , whilst much valuable time is wasted in at tempting to find necessary documents. When it is remembered that voluminous papers are osed in insolvency matters, it will be ad mitted that a room 13 feet by 1G feet is far too small, even for the transaction of this part of the legal business, not to speak of police and local court and criminal session proceedings. Much more might be written . on this question, but the fact that the present accommodation .is quite unsuitable for the proper conduct of necessary business must be so patent to all who have seen the place, . that further comment is needless. It has been ' said in connection with this matter, that though justice may be blind, that is no reason why it should be strangled for want ?of suffi cient breathing room. A meeting was held at the Dalrymple Hotel, Stansbury, on Wednesday evening, July 5, to consider the wants of the town. There was a large attendance. Mr. George Sheriff occupied the chair. Mr. E. Newman, ' j.p.j proposed the following resolution: — 'That a memorial be prepared for presenta tion to the Postmaster-General, asking for an additional mail per steamer.' He said that by the present arrangement, which was two mails per steamer, too much delay was oeca fiioned in obtaining letters, and as to the ' overland mail, that was simply an annoyance as the letters took such a long time in reaching their destination. The Post master-General would -shortly be rearranging the inland mail routes, ?andtnerefbrethis was the best time to take action in the mabter. Mr. A Falkner thought it would be better if the overland mail were abolished and another mail per steamer instituted. Last harvest he lost a whole week through a letter bsing for warded to him by the overland mail. Mr. A. Anderson urged the subject on behalf of the people of Minlacowie, and Mr. Wurm said that the people of Para Wurlie, Melville, Minlacowie, Koolywurtie, Wau raltie, Ramsay, and Curramulka were very much interested in the matter. Mr. Pitt showed that by the mails being taken to Stansbury by steamer in the first instance a saving of £480 annually would ensue. Mr. Newman's resolution was carried. Mr. Wurm moved that a petition be presented to the Commissioner of Public Works praying for the utilising of the unexpended balance of the vote for the Stansbury jetty, and extending it by a light structure sufficient for passenger traffic The spot where the jetty waa erected was one where the water was not deep enough, and it was lucky that no mishap had occurred. He thought the Government ought to extend the jetty by a light structure sufficiently long, so that . steamers could lie alongside. Mr. Faulkner seconded the motion, which was carried. Mr. Marchant proposed, and Mr. S. Pitt seconded — ' That a memorial be presented to the Attorney-General, asking for the estab lishment of a Local Court at Stansbury.' Mr. Faulkner said a great loss of time and much annoyance were caused by the Stans bury cases being heard at the Minlaton and Yorktown courts. Mr. Newman said that very little cost would result, as the S.M. could visit Stansbury on his vay to Minlaton or Yorktown. The motion was carried. The establishment of an institute and ap pointment of additional J.P.'s were also brought before the meeting. A vote of thanks to the chairman concluded the busi- . ?ness. There is much in the character and pro ceedings of Te Whiti, the Maori prophet, of great interest to investigators like Mr. Herbert Spencer into the origins of the beliefs of mankind, and some curious state ments on the subject were made in*, the recent debate in the New Zealand House of . Representatives on the native question. Mr. Bryce gave (writes the Australasian) a graphic and impressive description of the way in which, on the occasion of the .. seizure of Panhaka, the murderer Harold came; forward when called upon and .gave ' himself into custody. 'If,' said Mr. Bryce, ' he hadbeenin the mood of any; ordinary man he must have known he was being arrested in all probability with a rope round his neck ; but I knew from the look of the man-and from all the surrounding circumstances — even when he had the the handcuffs round his wrists — that hetfuUy expected to-be released by the dread power of his chief.' Mr. Bryce told a charac teristic story of Te Whiti and Titokowaru, who had long been an unwilling follower of the prophet and had tried to check bis growing power. 'On one occasion, after listening to Te Whiti's usual speech, Tito kowaru rose and said he had something to ask. Te Whiti had been speaking in a mild voice he said, 'What is it, Titokowaru? You can speak.' And Titokowaru said, 'This is all very well about raising the dead, but what is behind you ?' He meant what is the preten Bion you have made based upon. And the voice of Te_ Whiti changed from a voice of mildness, and, in a tone which rang over the country side, he said, ' There is no one behind me. I am the Father ; I am the Son ; I am the Holy Ghost.' What did Titokowaru do? He sat down and said, ' Ah ! I only asked.' Whether he was convinced or not, he certainly was silenced.' Sir George Grey gave an account of a previous Maori prophet who had abso lutely, according to the Maoris, raised a man from the dead. He fell into the hands of the Government, and after being detained in custody for some months he announced that he had discovered that he was not the prophet he used to think he was. A very awkward discovery for his followers. Mr. Sheehan related an instance of Te Whiti's adroit ness in escaping the consequences of failure in his predictions. He had solemnly engaged to restore to the Maori people at their next annual meeting the ancestors they had lost. One or -two meetings ' passed over, and the prophet found pretexts for the failure of his promise. At the next meeting the question was put by a native whom 1 may call the leader of the Opposition, ' Did not Te Whiti tell us that on a certain day he would raise our dead ancestors?' The anBwer wasa very clever one. He said, 'Do you not remember that I promised to do so if for' twelve months you were all sober, temperate, pure, and chaste in your lives?* They replied ' Yes.' 'Have you been so?' The answer was, ' No.' Then,' said Te ? Whiti, ' do you think I would disgrace your ancestors by bringing them back to a crowd like this?' From all of which it would : appear that between Maori prophets and our ? own prophets who live by predicting mil leniums, forthcoming ends of the world, and = similiar surprising incidents, there is a very strong family resemblance. About 200 persons assembled at the Port ' Adelaide Town Hall on Tuesday evening, July 11, to hear Mr. Pierce Healey speak on the Irish Land League in particular, and on the Irish question in general. Mr. F. F. Wholohan, who presided, in opening the pro ceedings expressed the opinion that every person wishing to see Ireland in a prosperous state must sympathise with the Land League. The difficulties which they at present expe rienced were not so very great to overcome, and they would soon dwindle into nothing if it were not for the governing power itself. If , the members of the English Government - were to look at the matter in a proper light they would soon be able to find a remedy for the disturbances. The main question re- - ferredtotheland, and it would not be difficult to settle it by securing a fair and equitable demand for rent on the part of the landlords. , He then alluded to the various grievances as complained of by the Land Leaguers, ' and introduced the speaker of the evening. Mr. Pierce Healey commenced by alluding to the great good done to Ireland by Michael Davitt, the founder of the Land League, who was one of the greatest men Ireland had ever produced, but who had been basely maligned. Davitt had called upon the Irish people to act for themselves instead of looking to those who had shown that they did not intend to im prove their condition. The Land League had been formed to prevent repetitions of such famines as occurred two or three years ago, and it had framed certain rules by which it , was to be guided, and by which it proposed to carry out the necessary reforms to attain their end. He then proceeded to explain the objects of the league in detail, following this up by a general denunciation of writers for the English and Australian press. In allud ing to the latter, he wished to call attention . to a statement made by the lady correspon- , dent of one of the Adelaide papers, who had written that Miss Parnell gloated over the re cent assassination of Lord Cavendish and Mr. Burke. That charge was a gross falsehood. Miss Parnell was one of the highest-minded and cultured women in the world. She had left her splendid home to go amongstthe poor like a true Christian woman, and it was a crying shame that such a charge had been made against her. He then read an extract from a letter from Miss Parnell, in which she denied that the terrible murders had .been committed through any action on the part of the Land League or any of its members. She heartily deplored the murders, and said she knew that they would not help the good cause of Ireland. He also referred to a speech by Dr. Burke, brother of one of the murdered men, who said that he knew no true Irishman - or Land Leaguer had had anything to do with ?the crime. He again denounced the Austra lian press, and proceeded to discuss Mr. Gladstone's merits as an Irish legislator. Before concluding he stated that a num ber of persons had been trying to bring about dissension between the Orange order and the Catholics. Although for a long time the Protestants and Catholics of Ireland had been widely separated, yet they had now joined hands in the good cause and constructed 'a bridge over the Boyne.' He trusted that the Irishmen of Australia would not allow any one to cause another break, but that they would continue to put aside their religious differences when consi dering the good of their country. Mr. Healey was frequently applauded through out his speech, which lasted, about an hour. At the close Mr. MacGuire moved, and Mr. D. Creedon seconded — ' That we thoroughly endorse the principles contained in the pro gramme of the Irish National Land League, and we pledge ourselves to assist the move ment until a satisfactory, settlement of the land question is arrived at.' The motion was carried, and after votes of thanks to Mr. Healey and the chairman the meeting termi nated. 