THE EARLY CHURCH. Canon Farrar, in his new work 'The Early Days of Christianity' holds that JSTero was the Antichrist of the Apocalypse ;and he draws a vivid sketch of the figure of this vilest of Emperors as it must have seemed to the persecuted Church of the first generation. He says :— ' A dark spirit was walking in the house of the Csesarn — a spirit of lust and blood ?which destroyed every family in suc cession with wnicn they were allied. X'ne Octavii, the Glaudii, the Domitii, the Saiini, were all hurled into ruin or disgrace in their attempt to scale, by intermarriage with the defiled race of Julius, ' the dread summits of Cscsarean power.' It has been well said that no page even of Tacitus has so sombre and tragic an eloguence as the mere Slsmmx Caesarum. The great Julius, robbed by death of his two daughters, was succeeded by his nephew Augustus, who, in ordering the as sassination of Cassation, the natural son of Julius by Cleopatra, extinguished the direct line of the greatest of the Oxsars. Augustus hv fcis three marriaffes was the father of but one daughter, and that daughter disgraced his family and embittcred his life. He saw his two elder gran j sons die tinder circum stances of the deepest suspicion, and being induced to disinherit the third for the asserted stupidity and ferocity of his disposition, was succeeded by Tiberius, who was only his step son, and had not a drop of Julian blood ia his veins. Tiberius had bat one son, who was poisoned by his favorite, Sejanus, before Ms own death. This son, Drusus, left but one son, who was compelled to commit suicide by his cousin, Gaius ; and one daughter, whose son, Kubellius Plautus, was put to death by order of Nero. The marriage of G-ermanicus, the nephew of Tiberius, with the elder Agrippina, grand-daughter of Augustus, seemed to open new hopes to the Komau people and the imperial house. Germamcus was a prince of courage, virtue, and ability, and the elder, Agrippina, was one of the purest and noblest womenof her day. Of the sine children of this virtuous nnion six alone survived. On the parents, and the three sons in succession, the hopes of Rome were fixed. But Oermanicus was poisoned by order of Tiberius, and Aggrippina was murdered in banishment after the endurance of the most terrible anguish. Their two elder sons, Nero and Drusus, lived only long enough to dis grace themselves, and to be forced to die of starvation. The third was the monster Gaius. Of the three daughters, the youngest, Julia Livia, was put to death by the orders of Messalina, the wife of her uncle Claudius. Drusilla died in prosperous infamy, and Agrip pina, the younger, after a life of crime so abnormal and so detestable that it throws into the shade even the monstrous crimes of many of her contemporaries, murdered her hus band, and was murdered by the orders of the sen for whose sake she had waded through seas of blood. That son was Nero ! Truly the Palace of Otcsars must have hsen haunted by many a restless ghost, and amid its vast and solitary chambers the guilty lords of its splendor must have feared lest they should come upon some spectre weeping tears of Tilnnrl' Tn tvwirtar /»nrrirlnr fliA flnnr was aHll stained with the life-blood of the murdered Gaius; in that subterranean prison the miserable Drusus, cursing the name of his great-uncle Tiberius, tried to assuage the pangs of hunger by chewing the stuffing of his mattress ; in that gilded saloon Nero had Ms private interviews with the poison-mixer, Locuata, whom he salaried among * the in struments of his government ;' in that splendid hall Brittannicus fell into convulsions after tasting his brother's poisoned draught; that chamber, bright with immoral frescoes of Arellius, witnessed the brutal kick wMch caused the death of the beautiful Poppaoa. Fit palace for the Antichrist— fit temple for the wicked human God! — a temple wMch recked with the memory of infamies— a palace wMch echoed with the ghostly; footfall of murdered men.' Equally vivid is the sketch Canon Farrar gives of the first wild blast of persecution whieh broke over the infant Church. He writes: — ' Tacitus tells us that ' ThnsA xrhn nnnfpsspH ware Urst'. siezf-rJ. Anil thsn on their evidence a huge multitude were convicted, not so much on the charge of in cendiarism as for their hatred to mankind.' Compressed and obscure as the sentence is, Tacitus clearly means to imply by the 'con fession' to which he alludes the confession of Christianity ; and though he is not sufficiently generous to acquit the Christians absolutely of all complicity in a great crime, he distinctly says that they were made the scapegoats of a general indignation. The phrase— 'a huge multitude'— fa one of the few existing indica tions of the number of the first persecution, and of the number of Christians in the Roman Church, When the historian says that they were convicted on the charge of hatred against mankind he shows how completely he con founds them with the Jews, against whom he elsewhere brings the accusation of 'hostile feelings towards all except themselves.' Then the historian adds one casual but frightful sentence which flings a dreadful light on the cruelty of Nero and the Roman mob. He adds, ' And various forms of mockery were added to enhance their dying agonies. Covered with the skins of wild beasts, they were doomed to die by the mangling of dogs, or by being nailed to crosses ; or to be set on fire and burnt after twilight by way of nightly illumination. Nero offered bis own gardens for this show, and gave a chariot race, mingling with the mob in the dress of a charioteer, or actually driving about among them. Hence, guilty as the victims were, and deserving of the worst punishments, a fceliDg of compassion towards them began to rise, as men felt that they were being immolated not for any advantage to the commonwealth, but to glut the savagery of a single man.' Imagine that awful scene once witnessed by the silent obelisk in the square before St. Peter's at Konie ! Imacine it. that we mav realise how vast is the change which Christianity has wrought in the feelings of mankind. There, where the vast dome now rises were once the gardens of Nero. They were thronged with gay crowds, among whom the Emperor moved in his frivolous degradation — and on every side were men dying slowly on their cross of shame. Along the paths of those gardens on the autumn nights were ghastly torches, blackening the ground beneath them with streams of sulphurous pitch, and each of those living torches was a martyr in his shirt of lire. And in the amphitheatre hard by, in sight of twenty thousand spectators, famished dogs were tearing to pieces some of the best and purest cf men and women, hideously disguised in the skins of bears or wolves. Thus did Nero baptise in the blood of martyrs the city which was to be for ages the capital cf the world.' Ycu never become the viler for being dis praised. — Thomas a Kempis. He that smarts for speaking truth hath a plaster in his own conscience. — Fuller. Nobody cares about being accused of wicked ness. No vanity is hurt by that sort of charge. — Iltacltbray. Failure after a long perseverance is much grander than never to have a striving good enough to be called a failure. — George Eliol. A man's fate is bis own temper ; and accord ing to that will be Ms opinion as to the particular manner in whiua the course of events is regulated. Aeonsistentman believes in destiny, a capricious man in chance. — B. iJisratli. Wisdom is an acquisition purchased in pto portiou to the disappointment which our own frailties have entailed upon us, for no one is taught by the sufferings of another. We our selves must bave felt the burning in order to shun the fire. — Bvlwev Lytton. A man has mistaken the secret of human life who does not look for greatness in the midst of folly, for sparks of nobility in the niid&t; of meanness ; and the well- poised mind distributes with the impartiality the praise and the blame. — 'John Inglesant.' Large minds, like pictures, are seen best at a distance. Their beauties are thus enhanced, '- and their blemishes concealed— a process which : is reversed by a close inspection. This is the : leason— to say nothing of envious motives — j ?why we generally undervalue our contempo- ! raiies and over rate the ancients. — Horace } HinilJi. i 