' ) PLAYING THE;.jVVRONG ',OARDj> j In Foun Chaitsbji.— Conclusion. | , .(kffok ouairusb8'b«JOOnNAL.> . ' « |Mr Stylea'nat.silont and Rtupoffod, after jbba depnrturo of his colloaguo. Tho pipe bad gono out, and waa not rekindled ; wbilo tho jug of beer, whloh had given point to tho scarcasmof Charley— as ho still callod him in bia roverio— romainod uutouchod at his elbow, The situa- tion was iudeed a serious ono for the unlucky ProfoRBor. Ho had boon bnoyod up by tho prospect of . this unexpected windfall ; ho bad noon bis way to taking larger halls, and 44 working" larger towns for the next week oi- two at auy rate, by ite help ; and now it had utterly vanished, plunging him, as a matter of courso, as deep into despair as its prospeot had raised bun into hope. Ho had eont the baggago-man and tho properties on to Bingledon, whoro he was announced to opon tho noxt night ; a depo sit wns paid on tho largo room at the Town Hall ; bills by this timo woro circulated, his postern bad been oat for somo days. Ana now all this trouble was lost ; his outlay was forfeited. Ho could not opon by hiuiBolf. Even if a musician could ho found inBinglodon, a thing hardly likoly in so sodato and prim a town, such a musician as would suit him— wkat was ho to do without Lucllo? Hor loss was utterly fatal to tho NpecUlation; in fact, hor loss would bo fatal to uia buriuoaa altoge ther, His slender resources would not, could not, hold out uutil be hnd roplaced her. His proportion would bo seized, and ho should bo ruined. <4My health's a-going," ho muttered, as ho reached this stago of his rev erie :"aud I shall have to go to the workhouse. I little thought when I took old Ben Boloy half n-cruwn and a pound of tea lostyoar, that I bbould so soon come to bo whero I saw him ; but it's what I am coming to." A troraendous knock at the street door inter rupted and »t&rtled; him. Ho listened with a foreboding of somo froaii evil ; but ero he could determine who was tho visitor, tho door of his room was sbrown opcn.and Mr Ignatius Hytho como hurriedly and excitedly iu. "Hore's a Tlfflttv f»n'" AVAlntmivl flinf n/inHnmnn «.>!,. could scarcoly gasp out tho words— "hero's a protty go! Whoro's that confounded foreign Kcoundrol? Ho has dono it! Anico thing I havo made of it by employing biui." "What has ho dono? I should bo glad if you would tell me," returned Stylos ; "for he' has been hore talking in a crazy stylo about being roveuged, and rays ho is actually tho pec- . son wo einplnyed him to represent." "So ho is !' cried Hythc. "The vagabond was jnat tbo last man iu tho world we ought to have spoken to. Ho has nearly killed my brothor, and has entirely rained me." "What has heduno ?" exclaimed Styles, who was partly oxcited and partly frightened, as his visitor plunged franticallyabout tuo room, "flow has he killed your brother ? How ha3 ha ruined you 44 Ho has given ray brothor a shock from which ho will never recover, " said Mr Ignatius ; 44 he Iiob had a fit iu con cquonce, andinbiHwonkstateitwillbe fatal. But he has aotually seen bis daughter ! This aborniu- able foreign musician, or whatever you chooso to c»iU him, is her undo. Ho showed her to Maurico. Bo took her away with a threat that M&utice; should nevorsco hor again. What is tho consequence ? My brother how knows that sho is alive, while previously ho ouly droamed it. His conscience, which was mor bid and tronbloeomo enough beforo, is now irrssistiblo. Ho monnR to telegraph for his solicitor to-mcrrow. Ho will alter his will in favor of bis child, so that now wo shall get noth ing at all ! If sho had rcmaiocd here, it would not buvn mattered, as ho would havo been content with providing for her, and com pensating by kindness for any wrong be had dono ; but ho regards what has now happeued as a judgment, un-J that on account of it ho is bound to mortify himself and nil his friends. — Andby Jovo, sir, it is mortifyingl" cou- ciuueu ;ur nyino, wmi an aurupc cuango ot tone. 4 4 Well, what aro you going to do? What do you want mo to do?" askod Styles; "Do bae entirely brokon up rav tour. I have billed my two next towns, p'aid a deposit on tho h≪ at Bingludon ; and hore am I with out a chanco of giving the show, and hardly enough money left for my railway faro." "Oil ! hore's Boruo money ; tako it ; I want jour holp," exclaimed Hytho, throwing a number of Sovereigns on the table. "With epnrkling eyes, tho Professor scrambled them up. "Well, what holp do you qnfe item moV ho aake.i, "Weraufcfe find this follow ; we must got back tho girl!" returned MrHythe. "Confound him !Ho lias no right to keep hor from hor parent, It's unnatural— it's atrocious. If I can got hold of her, I have sot tho least doubt, lixm what I know of my brother, that wq oan manage him very woll. So we will follow this foreign scoundrel, mid oatcli him if wo can. I will oldim tho girl, and call in tho police if nocoaaary. Gad, if it's necessary, I- will seize her by forco and Vou must back mo up!" " "Ob!" ojaculateA Styles, with a porceptible lengthening of his visage ; "I don't altogether liko Ibftt Idea, He'8'fv dangerous fellow, --j ho cniries tho uglieBt knifo yoi\ ever a-. J a butcher's shop." '' 01 "I don't euro for Lm kmv-j, of w Jote'en tnoknl" nXctoimru th0 desperito Igntt. itoo. lllknoslt mm down .with my atiok if wo rWiij- como to a fight, But for the m&.Vjre/itmt, I would just an aoon bo run through the body na not, if wo don't get tho girl back," -v -'-£ehi ? TW|toidn't," Enid tho oautioua. Slj-." Md Itigivo yon fair wnrniog that »vhile I will do all X can in the way of pernna. lion, or will back you up in caeo wo fetch the polico, if it comes to fighting— keop mo out 1" "I'll do that part of tno business," said bis resoluto visitor. "Kather tban not keep my biotbor from altoring bis will, I would faoa twenty foroigners with twenty knivee apiece. —Now, como on. How shall ;we got on his trail ?" "That won't bo vory difficult to begin with, nt anyrato," said Styloa. "Ho must bavo gono by rail, if ho has gono at all ; and a littlo gossiping place liko this has one advantage— everybody knows overybody ; nnd I'll defy pnch oemsmennnn r»hnmpf.Ara no riLn»lnn Lucilo to tako tickets without tboir boing known &nd; their destination remembered. VVu are right for the first stago, I am certain." "Then on with your coat, and off wo go," continued Hytho. "If there's a train any Lime to- morrow in tho direction thoy havo takon, wo follow." . "But about Bingledon?"— b gan Styles. "Let Bloglodon shift for itsoli! The peoplo at Bingledon can do without you. I daresay. Telegraph in tbo morning, or do what yon like; but let ub lose no timo now." Thus urged, Mr Styles had no option but to comply. The sovereigns that had beon so lavishly thrust upon him softened in a wonder ful way bis feelings regarding tho disappoint ment of the good people of Bingledon. In a few minutea thoy had loft the house, and wero at tho railway station, whoro tho cor-: rcctness of Mr Styles's judgement was At onco mado manifest. Tho clerk and portor each recollected tho doparturo of Mr Joinville. as they called him, accompanied by Mademoiselle TuccnnOf.and recollected also that thoy had taken tickets for a station named Bushfield. Tiio night-mail, duo in about an hour and a half 1 stopped at that station, . "He will chango thero, and go across to Stumplsy, which Is on thcSouth-weatern lino," said Hy tno. "Ho means to go on to South ampton, and take a steamor for America; that's his g&mo.;" "But I don't think ho has enough money"— saiu blyice. 4'0h ! thoro's never any telling with tbeee for eigners," interrupted Hytho. "Be may have boeniBcrowing, and saving up ovor sines ho has been. with you," Mr Stylos mado no reply to this suggestion ; but by an expressive frown and shake of tho Load, ho might havo been of opinion that "Cbnrloy," as ho still 'called him, was not likely to havo savod much wbilo in his com pany, To follow their journoy ing3 in quest of tho fugitives would only weary tho reader. . Suffice it, thoreforo, to noto that Mr Hytho and Styles at length found themsolyoB— en route for Southampton— at Bushfiold Junction. Thb junction was nt a very lonely spot; a straggling village was the ucarest approach to a town tor sevoral miles ; while out on tho baro downs beyond, or in the narrow dull lanes which served for byroads, tborq woro but fow cottages to bo soon, and still fewer buildings which dcgcrvod tho name of farmhonsos. So thero was little to invito any- ono to go stroll. itig about in tho qniet light of tho sinking snn Which was now jaet vieiblo abovo tho low hills, which bounded tho view to the wost. Thus 'argued Styles; bnt'Hytho was of a different opinion. Luckily, howevor, bo did not deem. It nepesBary to insist oh 'tbe' ProfoBSor accom panying Urn/ in his ' -ramble ; and so, comfortably onscQnood . .. in tb village inn; : wltn - tho ;! : London papor to road, jiis lecra rostibg on tho long 80at,stha oft doforod moal at last servod, Stylos awaited his companion's roturn without impationco. Kk Hytho, restless as beforo, soon cot beyond tho lUnlts of the Yillago, and oroosoi; (1)Q wido coparaon whicli hes immodiatoly beyond. Ho thon turned to retrabi hit/atdps/ AS twilight hod »Q J ®nd tbo occasional barkitig of(dog4 ra-'r minded bun » that it might .bo untiloatant'toKr find way buck after dark. Pausing ons'o'f tho' i fewhous.es wlilch were of Boinowbatbottdgrado > > , thfiu the, poorest, laborers'- cbttagoB, ho saw- a 'b woman .standing at. tho. door, whoiobJtddiio'' oarnnstly at bun, that be thought' she wa«t i - a bout, to. speak. Slackening. -bis .pace, looked fixedly at her. in turn. Tho woman' '-.' noticing it, Haul.apologoticully, and dronpipir a lUBtic comtRBy, ns #ho Bpoko : 44 1 thought sir, you. might . be DrjOa.nm, or somo ono . from bun ; that a what I waa. looking out for. air." ' '.-1 , ?.m . R0"X t 7ou ar® di'spnointod,'' rophed Uytlio. I hope you Iinve uo totious '" ; cauHo for wishing to 800 a doctor," u';' - " Indeed, I. nave,' air," said the woman : ; 44 and 1 am afraid Davy— that's my boy, sir —hadn't fuund Dr Camm at home, ' and has boon so long gone." 44 1 bavo beon a doctor, although now! retired from tho profession." said Hytbo. 44lf ' lean bo of any service, till your wndootor' comos i 4'You aro vory kind, sir," ropliod the woman, ? aa Hytho paused ; 44 and if you would not mind' looking in, I should bo a great doal oasior ih mymiud. Wo havo had a gentleman and . littlo girl staying hero for a day or two." "Eli? a gentleman and littlo girl I" repeated Hytho, roused into tho koonesb attention at once. 44 Yes, sir," she. continued.' 'IThoy aro foreigners, I think; and ho is mortal bad to- day, I think ho is 'going out of his mind, aa well ns being dreadful ill, sir ; and tho little girl is so frightened." 44 Wboro is ho ?" oxclaimod Hytho, in a de rided tone, 44 £ will see him nt onco." 44 1 don't know, sir," said tho woman hesitat ingly. 44 whether be has got any monoy; and wo aro too poor" 41 Ob I that is of no oonsequonco," returnod- Hytbe. with a readiness which At onco ims pressed the poor woman with a-sooso of hi » genotoHity. 44 .Tuat show mo to bis room," Tbo woman turned, hnd lad the stranger into tbo front room, wbiob, meanly furnished' as it was, was evidently the bost parlor of the houso.:. A low moaning sound was audibia na ha entered, "That is tho poorgontloman, sir;" ehd continued. "Ho is in tbo baok room, I will go and soo if ho is eonsible.— This gentleman , is a doctor, my doar,and willcuro your unclo.1 This last pbraeo wae addroasod to a girl who " rat cowering and shy in tho darkest corner of tho opartment. <- Hytbo had not seen her until ho followed the direction of tho woman's oyss. 44 Ah ! it's : 11 all right ! ' I havo her now," was his montal ejaculation. Tho girl looked up at him with r-'J out any recognition in hor eyes, — 1 44Thia' is a' strange placo foryou, myde&v;," said Hytho. ' ' 44 1 know from the landlady that you bavo not been hero long, Wero you about to sottle in' - thiB village ) 4,No; I think not, sir," replied the girl.- 44 1 hardly know what Mr CbarleB was going' to do ; I think ho moant to go back to Amo-. - ' i%.l was not far out in my guess, then,"- thought Qytbo. ' ; Tbo return of the woman otoppod further ' conversation and he accompanied hor to tho " bedroom, whoro, - restlessly turning on, his. couch, l&y; the man wtom he bad Bought. As would havo been tba caao with ovory other doctor, personal feolings. likings anddla- likiDgs, all ideas of danger to bimsolf from this 1 moD, were Instantly banished, and -Hytho saw in him ouly a suffcriDg pationt. 44 His brain iff ' affected, and is in great danger," said he to. tba landlady presently. 44 1 think it is moro than probable tbut ho will dio bore," "O dear me ! deary me !" exclaimed tho poor soul, wringing hor hands. 44 Wbatexor shall wo do ? My husband has beon out of work those four weeks with a bad hand." 44 1 will wait until I see your local doctor," continuod Hytbo; "and will ask him to sead a nurso down to assist you, As it strangely happens that I know this man, I will be ftw ftlt AYnAnaoa. nnrl totll fnlra'tlia girl-to her friends. Tboro is a person waiting for mo at tho Half Moon Inn, at Bushfield, to 1 whom tho little girl is well known. Oau yoq send for him?" 1 "O yes, sit ! " exclaimed tbo woman, whose faco bad brightened considerably. 4>I do think I boar our Davy outsido now. Ho wiU go." Sho wns correot, Davy camo in with the news that he bad boon waiting until Dr Gamm - returned; that bo bad seen that go&tiemnn;, ' who bad promised to follow him in quarter of an hour, Stimulated by the promise of a shilling. Davy lost no time in,hurrying back to Bushfield as fast as his heavy, clay -clogged boots would cairy him, boar.ng Mr Hythe'a card, with a iequeat fa? the immediate attend ance of Styles. " ' The doctor arrived first, ar.-j 7-V cidEd witb tb? optoiw, a)fft;4-Pr0ar fjnf- Hy thO pa td t"0 ht' " esnroased by rCRdil- ' " nature oftbo illnsss. Ha j agreed to find a nurse, and took ohargo of a fow pounds which Hythe left in his hsnis for nuirent expenses. M bo did so, a little bustle was heard in tho parlour, followed by , an oxolamatlon of delight and surprise from top' girl, with a word of apology for his »b:uptnors, Hythe hurried to tho room, where ' " ue saw ns ho expooted, tho girl clinging loiind Styles's ueelr iu a transport of do-- : . light. ., "Have you come to toko mo back!" said tho i child, 4 1 do not lovo Mr Charles as I loyo you, (She had beon taught to speak of him always as ,4Mr Charlos" in the company.) "HedocB hotlovemeatalJ, Do not send mo away again I" '; "No. Lucilo, never; you shall never loava mo again," fiaidStylea ; "that is," ho added. :j as ho rocollected tba claims of Mr Mnurica Hythe, 44 you shall never go anywhoro but 'whoro you please, and where you are happy. ' — Sho always took to me, you know, "fie. cou-' ' ' tinued in a low tone to Mr Hytuo. : Wo have been together these two years, and I al- wayB considered her as my daughter." - The girl would notpart from Styles; snd so, : holding his hand, she presently eet out to waUc ' totho junction, Hytho following closely, after ' a final consultation with tbo surgeoh, wfio' promised to let him know, . by telegraph, tht patiqnt's state in the morning— if ho lasted till ' then ; but unless . somo unlooked-for chango took plapo, ho probably would not hold out, Catching an early train, the throe reached Finlrfpnhnm Vtv nwfmoVif alio... n.do. ..... ' » tense of notdisturbing their landlady, nndaftor repeated promieea from Styles to call on hor tho next day, the girl consented to go to Myrtfo Villa to sloop, find there met with a warm re ception, Mrs Hythe boing quito as much: oil vo to the importance of her restoration as was her 1 husband. ... .- In tbe morning Styles camo round punc tually; and as' ho cam) .to tbo gdtet there arrivtd also a telegraph messenger, whoso tidinfes woro - brief, but - final— Vlllnda was dead Tboro was an unavoidable -shook in bearing this ; but both ' Hy the ' and StyIdB,» were r .. eocretly conscious of' A a feojingof relief.- Lucile— wo shall far tho ' brief-remainder .of our story preserve her old ' name— who had had no idea of bis danger, war " f not told of his death for somo daye, Early in tbo foronoon, as may bo supposed, i MfBy tho took tho girl round to his brothor, - > who was now so weak that ho could nbt stand, i and was lying on. a couoh which faced tho . window; but tbo intorviow whloh followed. - shallbo outlined in tho description given of it "" by Mr Ignatius to bis wifo. : ; ; . "it was liko n resurrection; Mariad If yoa " ' i had seen a ghost, you . would not havo boon : ' 1 more frightened than at seeing that panting,; /l hollow eyed follow riso up . with a sort of ' scream.— But she wasn't frightonodrnot a bit,' 1 How sho knew ho did not mean her any harm; I can't sav, but sho took to him diroody. Ho. , 8ays< be snail got woll now; and I believe bor : wiu.— x uau » mug buik wilu uua, ana ig wiu' 1 ' » be all right, Maria." ..- ' It was affright, from tho Myrtle Villa point'' ( "l of viow. . Delighted at tho restoration of h a' < 1 daughter, thankful for the opportunity ofunj ; ; ' , doing bis wrong iu part, at least, 1 Maurice ' Hytho became a cowman; and cover forgetful >> > that it was to his brotber'o onorgy ond wonder-: ' fulsagaclty he Owed theso 'boons, his. lawyer ; was again summoned, and tho -will was this timo altered in a manner which gave gonerat ' 1 satisfaction. : . ' ' A vory handsomo prosont to tho poor woman i ; ntBuBhfleld Common rAisedhor to. tho seventh : hoavon of dolight, aa it did also her husband !' who' had tbo bad hnnd, and 4!Davy" tho taoc-; -» ' songerj.whileMr Stylos— (But ho ttlaoshair .-> opealc for himself. < Ho oftou didapoak of him-' ' ; self as he satover his glass . of grog In i tho' so \ . select parlor of the Tbreo Blind Mice at Ken tish Town, N.W., which.hoBtel Btanda'-at tho coruor of tho street in which were situated Mr,. - r Stylo's apartmohts, 4C And that'k how it: war® t eir,"ho w:qu1d toyiiwhon' finishing hfeoft--. poatcd narrativo..-,4Tho tour whictiltqought . ; was going to bo & complete bust-tip for me, '.the 4 ' . ' loss of my dancefr and my plania which mad4 J" 1 » mo trink of tho workhouse, .".woe tho. only thing, as it turned out, whicn could have kept molrom it, Iuover.wenfe a touriagam,'» and ': Vi' nov&ribhall; now, a :Iidon!t» won't: toiKlBho: :loia don't forget the o.'dmodi sir-;!: ond -if: I ain'h .4a>-j rich, 1 ain't poorandll can jog' on; quiet .ondkrM u oomfdrtablO| as long as Pve got -tho breath"4 J b "i to do |t. This is tho only time, sir, I ovor knew a game won by playing the wrong card, which was what we certainly did whtn we put. Charloy oq the butfiteMi . 