Ghost of tho Lato Emperor of Russia. A STOiîY isgoing aboubütSfc. Petersburg, and indeed all over Russia as to tho regular, up , poaranco every night ut 11 o'clbck, in tho Cathedral of Kazan, in St.. Petersburg, of the late Emperor. This is the most popular and current vorsiou of the story., Ono night after closing tho cathedral, the : man on service thore porooivetl a figure in a goueraî uniform knelling near the niter. Supposing it to bo some belated person, who absolved in .-prayer, I had forgotten to go-out in time, ho approached I to speak to him, but the figure immediately ( disappeared. Tho next night tho same thing was repeated, and ono of the priests, approach ing, recognized the .' late Emperor in full uniform and looking muoh'as'ho had looked somo time before his ddatli.V Tho priest wont to1 tho archbishop,, who-calilo and saw the same. The archbishop went to tho metropoli tan' who, oponing tho altar gates, carno 'for ward with tho* cross, and addressing tho figuro, said, " Your majesty what is your wiin" '-Tu him alono tho apparition answered " I um praying for Eussiu." ".-Whereupon the metropolitan:ia said ta-.hivva fallon down in a fit, 1 Whether this be.a trick of tho orthodox Church ta roan ima to the - enthusiasm of the people for their Czars and ? to awaken , their. religious faith, or,whether it bo the materiali sation of a spirit, as taught by Messrs. Crooks, Boiitloreh', Wagner, and - others is a question diilicult to deÇ^Ci It, seerns, .howevor, that the fact of tho ii|mnni<nnoo af the figure during ten consecutivo nights is « corroborated by too good testimony to be doubted and it would be difficult to find a.'person v willing toV take, upon himself thc ' responsibility,, of. such a profanation. Few 'person.', however,;, among the intelligent public,"believe it to be ' any thing 1 but a-' hoax but 'the ça m. man people fully belivo in the reality of tho apparition, . au'd.wauld bp ready - to . illtrcat ; anyone ? bold-' oiiough to cast a doubt ou it. - : Sunday stories circulate ns to a Nihilist - having baan.caught, othois say.a thief .who had an. oyo . on, tho: nrogious stmics which surrounded some of tho imagos ; ? but all . this is nonsense. -AtL all avants, if the church has . intended to produce some effect byy.oirculutiug the' fact of -* the apparition, it. lias full}' succeeded. ; Of course this event has caused all tho spiritualists and s pirita in the empire td rejoice ' l\ud trinmp. Maiiy oirelps are fqi'm'od to invak.e tho apint of tho ^mnevQi'i and apititualisra.-with all its ditibt'ont manifestations is again sur le tapis, Ono of tho St. Petersburg judgoB,of pouoe,-,a¿ Mr, Stripiiila hus just printed a bqok.ontitlod j'.(:VVhat is spiritium T- - tho first edition' of .wlpcli was «aid iu a fow days. -, -. 