GENERAL NEWS. The Rev. F. W. Bourne.-—A banquet was given in the Town Hall on Wednesday ^evening, February 22, to the Rev. F. W. Bourne, a prominent Bible Christian minister ■who has lately arrived^ in the colony as a -deputation from the Bible Christian Con ference, England. His Honor Chief Justice Way presided. There were about 200 guests present, including a large number of ladies. Several ministers of the Bible Christian and -other, religious denominations delivered speeches expressive of a cordial welcome to .Mr. Bourne, and he was presented with a beautifully illuminated address handsomely bound in red morocco. Mr. Bburne will •visit various parts of the colony, and then leave for New Zealand and America. Water at Kadina.—The Commissioner of Public Works informs us that he has reduced the price of water at Kadina and Wallaroo io 9u. per hogshead, and the still has . been set azoing. He has also entered into la corre spondence with the proprietors of the mine in order to ascertain the very lowest price at which they will supply water to the people, the charge at present being Is. 6d. per nogshead. Sets of boring apparatus are now at work at Pecla Weela and Tickera respectively. Travellers to the North.—Arrange ments are now in operation by means of •which and the aid of a coach running between Orroroo and the present railway end, some six miles away at Walloway, passengers may leave Quorn at 5 a.m.,. and reach the city at 9.40 or so the same evening. Passengers north may take the 4.45 train to Terowie, and continue their journey byway •of Orroroo and Walloway, arriving at Quorn at about 4 p.m. This may not appear any great feat in the matter of locomotive travel, put those who know what it was to journey from Adelaide to Quorn two or three years ago will none the less thoroughly appreciate' the improvement. Accident.—An old lady nearly eighty years of age, whose name we (Kapunda Herald) have not yet ascertained, whilst walking in her own house at Greenock last Thursday tripped over something and fell heavily on the floor, breaking her arm. Mr. Scholz, of Light's Pass, set the broken limb, but the severe shock to the system at' her advanced age renders it very doubtful whether she will recover. Kapunda Institute.—The first meeting of the new Committee of Management of the Kapunda. Institute was held1 on Friday •evening, February 17, the President (Mr. W. L. Neale) in the _ chair. _ The temporary appointment of Miss Reid as Assistant Librarian was made permanent at the usual salary. The financial statement for the'month showed the receipts from hall rents to be especially satisfactory. The question of alter nation of the tariff of charges for the use of the hall for local entertainments was referred to the Finance Committee for report. The fol lowing sub-committees were appointed:— Finance—Messrs. H. E. Hodge (Treasurer), J. E. Wheatley, and J. Varley, S.M.; Enter tainment—Messrs. J. Bastard, R. Fothering ham, and T. D. Nock; Librarv—Messrs. J. C. Haslam, James Elliott, J.P., and J. A. Bruce. It was resolved that the President, who is ex officio a member of each sub-com mittee, should be the convener for the en suing year. The date of meeting was fixed for tne first Friday in each month. The late Mr. E. V. O. Muecke.—In -our obituary column, appears a notice' recording ■ the decease of thiB gentleman •at the early age of 38. Although he had: been long ailing, and had been under medical treatment for inflammation of the lungs, yet his friends were by no means apprehensive of •any immediate danger, and tip to within an hour or two of his decease he had'been out of -doors, and upon returning felt sufficiently well to play awhile on the piano. The Inwarb Mail Steamer.—The mail steamship Assam, which was looked for early' •on Monday evening, did not pass Cape Borda -till 10.35 p.m., and anchored at Glenelg at 7.' She miorted heavy' gales between Galle and King George's Sound." The mail-bags reached. town in less than an hour from the time the steamer anchored. The steamer arrived about the time when bathers "most do congregate"' -on the Jetty, and as several' adults were freely stalking about the pier-end clad in the " costume of Adam before the fall" it was not pleasant for passengers to pass down. It is highly necessary that the by-lav) requiring bathers to use decent dresses should'. be strictly enjorced on the Jetty as well as on the beach. It hot unfrequently happens that mail steamers come in between 6 and 7 a.m., and on such occasions it would be as well to have a constable on duty to see that bathers do not outrage decency. Wreck of the Highland Chief.—News by the mail states that this vessel, which was bound from North Shields to Adelaide, went ashore at Audresseles on December 30, and became a total wreck. We understand that. the Highland Chief was a new iron vessel, and that she saile 1 for Middlesborough with a cargo of railway iron on December 24. Dr. Whittell.—Mr. H. L. Whittell has received letters from his father informing him that the doctor expects to join the P. and O. mail leaving Suez on or about Feb ruary 13 or 16 for Adelaide direct. The Rev. H. Howitt.—A letter has been received from the Rev. H. Howitt, who has been in England on leave of absence, stating that be intended to leave England for the •colonies on January 12. DeepkningOperationsat Port Adelaide. —The Marine Board held a special meeting on Tuesday morning, February 21, in reference to the expenditure of the balance of the loan for deepening and improving the harbour and entrance to Port Adelaide, amounting to about £100,000. Reports were read of Mr. -James Abernethy, dated in 1855 and 1856, and the opinions taken of the President, the Engineer, and the Superintendent or the UUgLUUUlt CbAAVA. UUV Mupi/lUAWVUUUMU U1 Uuw Dockyard.' All the authorities agreed on recommending the blocking-np of the boat channel, the sheet-piling' 6F the mouth, and; continuation of the Mhrine Board Reef for the purpose of concentrating the tide inthe main channel, and increasing the scour of the river. The Bpard agreed that a'channel 200 feet wide, from Jervois Bridge to the outer bar, of 20 feet depth at low! water, for which work the balance was sufficient. Would meet the requirements of the Port., The depth has been already attained at certain places-on the outer and inner barst though of course a great deal of work requires to be done to make it the uniform depth. They were further unanimous in asking for a new large dredger, but they were not altogether agreed as to the advisability of constructing or im porting it. The feeling of the majority was, however, that one of the size required could, at least, be made here' without loss. The decision on the point, however, was reserved for further information. Arrival of Immigrants.—TheNebo, with immigrants,arrivedon Wednesday. Theyessel is reported to be in excellent order, and there have. been three births and no deaths since leaving .England. The names, &c.;, of the im migrantawill be found in another column. The Diocese of Adelaide.—The Dean of Adelaide received by mail the expected letter from the Secretary of the Archbishop of Canterbury which declares the See of Ade laide vacant. We append the letter, which has been handed to us for publication "The Sanctuary, Westminster, January 2, 1882.—Very Reverend Sir—As directed by the Archbishop of Canterbury, and pursuant to the wish expressed in a letter from the Bishop of Adelaide to the Archbishop, I beg to inform you that the resignation of the Right Reverend Augustus Short, D.D., of the Bishopric and See of Adelaide, was on the 29th December, 1881, duly accepted by the Archbishop, and that the resignation and its acceptance have been duly registered in His Grace's Office of Faculties.—I am, Very Reverend Sir, your obedient servant, John B. Lee," Secretary to. the Archbishop. A call of Synod has consequently bedn made for Tuesday, March 7, when that "body will have to decide whether, the election shall take place here or be delegated to the Arch bishop of Canterbury and other English BishopB, or to the Primate and Bishops of the Church of England in Australia and Tasmania. The Kapunda Tragedy.—Duan Foik, who bo brutally attacked Mrs. Floyd at Kapunda and afterwards cut his throat, has so far. recovered as to justify his removal from the local Hospital. Mr. Varley, S.M., held an enquiry there on Monday morning, and the prisoner was remanded. Mrs. Floyd still lingers—Indeed, seems to be improving—but the medical men can hold out no hope of her ultimate recovery. It is simply marvellous that after such terrible wounding she cculd have lived so long. Port Adelaide a Terminal Port.—At a special Marine Board meeting on Tuesday, Mr. Formbv, a Warden, referring to the pos sibility of Port Adelaide becoming a terminal port for ocean steamers, made allusion to the following paragraph, with which he has since kindly supplied us, taken from a late Liver pool paper. It will be seen that an enormous cargo was conveyed on a mean draught of 19 ft. 6 in.:—" The s.s. Shevington, owned hy Messrs. Kellock & Co., arrived at this port yesterday from New Orleans, after a passage of sixteen days and a half. She had on board one of the largest cargoes of cotton ever brought to Liverpool in one ship, viz., 8,390 bales. In addition to this she nad on board 24,116 bushels of corn, 19,200 pieces of staves, together with the coals for the entire passage home. Her mean draft on arrival was only 19 ft. 6 in." Land Sale;—A sale of Crown lands was held at the Land Office on Tuesday, there being a fair attendance of buyers present. The allotments offered were in the Hundreds Of Noarlunga, Warrego, Dudley, Tickera, Minlacowie, Winninowie, Kondoparinga, Binnum, Hynam, Boolcunda, Kanyaka, Palmer, and Pichi Richi. Most of the lots were sold at good prices—the highest figure being £21 for a selection in Dudley. The Minister of Education.—The Minister of Education telegraphed- to the ; Chief Secretary from Port Darwin on Feb ruary 22 as followsArrived here all well yesterday. Weather very fine, and favourable I for up-country trip. Roads are reported to be pretty good. Propose starting to-morroiv, j if possible. Good reception on landing, | Visited nursery at. Fanny Bay yesterday. Everything luxuriant. The place is Very pretty. We are all agreeably surprised at scenery and general appearance. Nineteen horses are our convoy." Vaccination.—A large number of adults and children attended and werC vaccinated ; by Mr. Graham Mitchell yesterday with lymph taken from la ninc-months-ola heifer ; at 11 o'clock a.m. Before disturbing the vesicles the animal was photographed by Mr. Freeman, of Ruhdle-street, the instantaneous : process being used. The Crops in the South-East.—Reports of the wheat harvest of the district still con - tinue satisfactory, and some very good yields are reported by the South-Eastern Star.-. At Gambler East, Mr. P. McArthur, sen's, crop turned out 38 bushels to the acre, and Mr. P. McArthur, j urn's 35 bushels. In the Gam bier West District Mr. 'O'Connor stripped IS bushels from one paddock, and 31 bushels -from another; while hiB neighbour, Mr. Ber baged, got 380 bushels off 22 acres; from a paddock of 17, acres Mr. W. Creek took 28 bushels to the acre. Machinery for Temora.—Among the passengers by the Assam on February 21 were Messrs. Barnfield, Solomon, & Wendt, who proceed to Melbourne to procure crush ing machinery for the S.A.Q.M. Company at Temora, of which mine they are Directors. It is understood that they will also arrange for the conveyance to ana the erection of the mill upon the mine with a view of com mencing crushing- at the earliest possible date. Selectors in the North.—Our corre spondent at Amyton writes:—" We had not ■ a ghost of a chance of seeing the Commis sioner of% Crown Lands, as his • visit here has been in every sense of the term a flying visit. So far as can be ascertained by the residents of this district, Mr. Catfc made but one faint effort to obtain any information about this part. I have not seen one farmer of this hundred or district who had the honour of being interviewed by the Com missioner. Great complaints are being made as to the assertion made by Mr. Catt that the yield per aere in this hundred Javeraged one bushel. _ It is altogether inaccurate, as the yield did not average that much by a long way." The Drought.—We are informed that the water at the Napperbv township is exhausted, and that supplies for domestic and other pur poses have to be carted from Port Pire, seven miles away. Sudden Death.—The City Coroner made enquiries at Brompton Park on Wednesday afternoon into the cause of death of Patrick Heagerty, a single man, aged 31, who died at. his brother's residence that morning whilst in the act of dressing himself. From state ments of his relations it seems that he came to this colony for the benefit1 of his health; and had consulted various medical men^but not of late. Dr. Rees, was called in on Wed nesday, but found on arrival that Heagerty: had breathed his last. , As he had never seen the man before he could not give'a certificate as to the-cause of death; It being evident that hemorrhage from- the lungs, the result of phthisis, was the cause of death, an inquest was hot consider^ necessary. Fire at Barosra.—Ah inquest was held at Nicholl's Hotel, Lyndoch, before Mr. T. 0\. Jones, J. P;, on Fobruary 22, to enquire into-the origin of the fire which occurred in Mr. Denton's paddock, Barossa, on February 2\. Mi. Bevilaqua was chosen foremah of the UI7- The, evidence showed that the fire was first noticed by several persons about 12 o clock on Thursday, February 2, burning in Denton's paddock. It was not extinguished till Saturday, by which time it had done considerable damage. Mr. George Buckley, farmer, of Sandy. Creek, lost about 109 acres of scrub timber and a mile of fencing; and Messrs, Denton and W. Edson each lost two lines of fences. There was no evidence to show how the fire originated, and the Jury returned a verdict accordingly. 