'What could have been the real nim nnd object of tlie Marquis of Saliskukx and the Conservatives in the HouBe of Lords in earrjing a motion appointing a select committee to inq uireiuto the work ing of the Irish Land Act ? There is no data to go upon yet. The first appeals against the decision of the subcommis sioners have not been decided ; aud neither landlords, tenants, nor even the lawyers themselves who are engaged in cases before the land courts, can scarcely be expected as yet to under stand the Act thoroughly in all its bearings. There has not been time for them to acquire the knowledge and ex perience necessary to enable the law yers to arrive at more than very general conclusions as to the probable effects of the working of the Act, while the landlords are too! indignant, and the tenants too sanguine,; as to the results attainable to render! their evidence of any value. .Clearly it! was not from any hope or expec-; tation of obtaining evidence ? sufii-' ciently trustworthy to justify amend-' mentB in the Act or. ita mode of ad-, ministration that induced, the'1- ;noble i leader of the Conservative party in that1 Hojise to bripg forward such a motion. | Neither is itr quite credible that so able : :lari'd- ; experienced a states man as . Lord Salisbtjey should entertain the .idea that a hostile motion carried by the Conservatives in the House of Lords would be calmly sub mitted toby a Liberal Ministry 'with a large majority at its back in the Commons. Such a mode of securing a party political triumph, in the present state of parties in the Imperial Parlia ment would surely never be attempted by any sane man with the least knowledge of English parliamentary government. Tactics like these are as remarkable for their absurdity as for their audacity, and would never be attempted by auy more able politician than an impudent, hot-headed, and reckless specimen of aristocratic insolence like young Lord Cihjechile, or some of the ' gilded youths ' whose hero he is. There must have been some hope and expectation of making poli tical capital out of the motion in some way or other. - but it could .not have been the expectation of driving, the Gladstone Ministry from office. Be cause the bitterest enemy of the House of Lords could not wish for a better Liberal election cry to go to thecoiintry with than would be supplied by such a barefaced attempt on the part of the Conservative Lords to overawe the House of Coniinons ia which the Con servatives were iu a hopeless minority. A general election on such an issue as that would in all 'probability result in a new House of Commons that would sweep the House of Lords away altogether, or render it perfectly harmless for all time to come. It is too late in the day in England,' by two hundred years, for a majority in the House of Lords to dictate a policy to a popular Ministry with a large majority at its back in the 'House of Commons. Lord SaIiISDTJBX knows this quite as well as Mr. Giadstoite, and it could not have been with the object of bringing about a crisiB of this kind that a select committee of the Lords was appointed to inquire into tlie working of the Irish Land Act. , . ., The only reasonable conclusion we can arrive at on the subject with the scant information supplied by Beutee and our special telegraphic correspon dent in London, up to date, is that the motion wao brought forward by the Conservatives in the Lords, with the full knowledge that it would be carried there,, and the expectation that the appointment of such a committee could scarcely fail to hamper the Ministry and bring their Irish liind policy into disrepute.. If this could be accom plished it would be so much clear gain 'for the GboBarvatives and would helD to pave the way to a defeat of the Liberal party on this ot some other question,. aud go lead to- the repeal of the more obnoxious .clauses, from the landlords'' point of view, of the Irish Land Act.itbt»UV ' ':'.''?''? ? ' But if any such expectation was en tertained the lenders of the Conserva tive party, reckoned without, their hosfe most egregiounly. ' Mr. Q-IjABstone has always baen as remarkable * for Mb firm ness and tenacity of purpose as he has been foirbis broad and lofty stateBm&n-; uliip and his wonderful mastery of the details of all political questions he dis | cusses. Moreover, although the incom ; parabl» leader of the Liberal Party in 'Great Britaiu, and perhaps too ready at times to devote time and attention to the frivolous requests of even the most unin flueiitiul representatives of that party out side Parliament — Mr. Gx-adsione is weil known to be exceedingly sansitive on the Bubject of personal dignity, aDd one of the greater sticklers ia the House of Commons for the mainteuance of the rights and privileges of ' Her Majesty's responsible adviaers' for the time being. j?or tbe Marquis of Salisbubx to attempt, by an irregular and but thinly disguised effort to force Mr. Gladstone and his colleagues into a humiliating position in relation to their Irish land policy so soon after it had been fairly initiated, was to oft'end his sense of dignity in the most sensi tive spot, and rouse his fiercest indig nation at once. ' This appears to have been what has happened. So Boon as the motion in the House of Lords was carried, Mr. Gladstone Beams to have lost no time in giving no tice in the House of Commons of his intention to move at an early date, — ' That auy inquiry into the working of tbe Irish Laud Act would be inoppor tune and untimely, and that it would defeat the operation of tho Act and be injurious to the good government of Ireland.' This was followed by a meeting of the Liberal party, at the Premier's request, to consider and decide upon the course to be adopted in regard to this motion. The unanimous con clusion arrived at was to firmly support the Premier in the position he had taken up. They have done so, and the Marquis of Salisbubx has therefore, to all appearances, placed his party in the humiliating position to which he had fondly hoped'to drive the Ministry and the Liberals in the Commons. He and his select committee to inquire into tho working of the Irish Land Act are not likely to have their demands acceded to, and vet they cannot submit to other conditions without serious loss of dignity. It is more than probable that Mr. Gladstone, with hia wonted chivalrous treatment of a van quished foe, will devise some means of escape for them which will involve as little humiliation as possible ; he will most likely agree to Borne verbal com promise which sounds well but means little, and the Conservatives will by ' making believe very much' claim it as a victory, and pretend to rejoice over it greatly, which is better treatment than they deserve under the circumstances, but it will be a barren victory. The Liberal party in the Imperial Par-, liament will not be defeated this time, and the Irish Land Act will be secured' a fair trial in spite of all Lord Salis-'J BUBX can say or do. ' Tbb Bostbb.— The1 followinj? is a list of the; magistrates appointed to preside at the Police ' Oonrt during the ensning week : — Messrs. T, Abbott, G. T. Bell, R. Buloock, J. Fen wick, J. D. Heal, E. Kelt, T. P. Merry, H. H. Pasne,; B. Baff, F. D'.G. Stanley, and B. B. Warry. Tbaffio BETtJaNs. — The' traffic return of the Southern and Western Bailway for the week ending Fbbtnary 25, showa an increase of £S15 IOj. 2d., compared with the same week last year. The Central railway Bhows a de. crease of £117 5*. 43., and the Northern an increase of £257 11s. 5J. , The takings on the Bundaberg Bailway were £132 2a. 10d., and on the Maryborough railway, £416 17s. 8d. ' Lboisiativb Council Jouknais.' — We have to acknowledge the receipt, from H.'.W. Radford, Esq., Olerk of Parliaments and Olerk of the Legislative Counoil, of two bound volumes consisting of the Journals of the Legis lative Council, with papers, of last session. The manner in whioh the volumea are printed and bound is a fair ptoof of the excellence in these departments of work to which our Go vernment Printing Office has attained. Pkofesboe Peppbk. — The last of Professor Pepper's popular entertainments was given last night at the Albert Hall, to a fair audience. The various items were successfully given, with the exception of the ' ghost ' effects, Which, owing to some disarrangement of the gas piping, were, not so satisfactory an usual. The event of the. evening wad the readiug by . the Professor' of 'B/l£te cablegram from London- giving the particulars of the attempt uu the lit'e of the Queen. This- was the higiialfor a. scene- of intense -f en thubiu'sm amongst the audience, who rose to their feet and cheered lusiily for her KMsijasty. ; 'God Save thu Queen' was sung, the audience, throwing mote loyal feeling than, ooriact voealism into the anthem. - -? 5 Me; Macalloti's Bk*efj.t. — The audience at the theatre lusc night was not so large us might have been expeoted, seeing that tho perfornmuce'wtts for the benefit of uo popular u miioagoras Mr. Duncan. Maballum. Hownver we $re glad to learn that: those present did not represent all the tickets that hud been taken for tho benefit;. ' The Two Hoses ' was thu piece purisrined. It was well played an resided must of the characters, but it ran lather more flatly, than it otherwise would, in 'consequents' of thu amateur who was- cast for the vary im portant part of jbijty- Grant, being uuablu to appear, iu consequence of having been seized with iilnbss. His place was supplied (it a-shojii n'otieo by another geutlennn. Ot the amateurs the raost successful was the impersonation sA; Jack. Wyatt. He wao- easy and uu- amatuerish' and much of the weight of the piece fell on his shoulders Miss Tullooh, recently a member of ? the Sauth Troupe, created a very favourable impression by her aoJiug: ' ' ; i :tiAVRun Businb36. — In the Supromo Ooartj in Chambers, yesterday,' his Honour, Mr. Juotice Pring heard an , application to ? make abso'ute a rule nut granted on the 31st Deoam bfcilubt, calling on the defendants in the cues-1 of Mills v. Day Dawn Block Gold Mining. Company, to show cause why they should, no: be restrained from employing one Mr. Luke W-agatafi Marslaad as. their solicitor in the above action, aui why Mr. Marslaud ? should not be restrained from acting as snob. .solicitor,, or from oonimuutoating to the defendants or t'ieir connsel, 07 Bolicitora, any infetroation relating to tha- matters in question in this action, that caste to his knowledge as town agent for the plaintiff's scJioitcr. Mtt Griffith, ^ C, instructs by Mr. Thyme, apjeared for tbe plaintiff, and Mr. Power, insir/octed by Mr. Chambers, ioi thB defendants.. The rulo- was discharged, on the erouutf that tbe affldc vita iu reply did not nfi-»d the judge that ia-- formation whioh he reqjiired, namely, the piw tibular information in the pusucesion ol Mr. Maraland which may. be detrimental; to. the plaintiff's 3utursat8 in the aotion. of trespass, it Mr Maryland be allowed tj act fca the defendant!. ' Thk Nbw Dbakwtio Season. — Mr. HaU'B company will commenoea season at tho theatre on Monday, the opbuing piece being tie very intexesling play, ' The Wile's Seem*,' with the following cast :—lord Arden, Mr^T. Henry; Sir Walter Anffalt, Mr. James CaysSan ; Jabez Sneid, Mr. J. Bedford ; SthirUge^ Mr. O. Sea gre.7e ; Baroque*, Mr. Frrjik Bev&iley; ; Robert, Mr. Frank Simmonds ;? Lady Aitnott, Mies Maraton Leijh; and Mande, Miss Meggio Pord. The tupertoire ol the oojapany inoludea — ' The Koaiantic Fsuily,' by W. S Gilbert; 'Withered LeaveB,' by F. W. Broughton; ' ,The Old Love and the New,' by F. C. Bar. nand ; '? Proof ' ; ' Clanoartoy,' by Tom Taylor ; ' The Fool's Beveni?6,' by Tom Tay. lor: llEast Lyane;' 'Knight of Ava;' 'David Garriok;' 'Extremes, or Men of the Day ; ' .' Collesn Beg,' the great Irish drama; ' Lotus,' a splendid five-act American play ; ' Horizon, or the Far, Far West ; ' ' Death before Dishonour,' by W. M. Akhuret; 'Dobbs' Delusions; ' 'Main Chance,' by H. B. Farnie ; ' Loo, or tbe Party who took Miss ; ' ' Kl Dorado ; ' ' Kemeeis ; ' ' Lur. Hnei ' 'Black Prinoe;' 'Temple of the Sun;' 'Bpitfire;1' 'Oh! Borneo.' The season, it will be faea from thu, proraissa to be a very satisfactory one. 