THE IRISH IN AMEEKT BY T. M. HEALY, M.P. (From the Newcastle Chronicle.) THB AMEEIOANS OF IBISH SE80EST Mr. Bright, in his last Binning address, gave it to be BappS*]^ Land Leaguers of America are m«„ £ 8 know nothing of the present, T ^ 0 affairs or ^existing K o f iS" ? are simply the descendants of e i nK' who have bad handed down L tradition the sufferings of theSfe* ^ sufferings which the® clnceTbftt Duchy says havelong since beenabolLS by beneficent legislation. The ri u hon. gentleman gives more credit tn ft persistency of racial tradition on a fo J^ the A?" ^ u ^e d i S As a matter of fact, onlv a ? rate number of the men^wto ft us in America have been there. The bulk of thes, a^oriS Irishmen. Some of them, it is true,' have emigrated so far back as 40 or Z years ago, but the mainspring and ini J force of the organisation is derived from the recollections of comparatively recant arrivals who are well acquainted with what u going on in the Ireland of to-dw Our people at home should realise that the greater number of the sons of Ind,. men became Americans and little else than Americans, and therefore that every man who leaves their shores is a direct loss to the country and to themselvej It is a mistake-to suppose that this lose is certain to be repaid by a sympathetic gain elsewhere. For why should the youne Irishmen born in America not become Americans P What do they know about Ireland P They hear vaguely of a country where perhaps their fathers have beea very wretched, and they know positively that they themselves inhabit a land where every man may become great. To which of these powers shall their allegiance be given P To a boundless Republic, with fifty or sixty millions of people enjoying all the arts of modern civilisation, and tbe pride of successful combat, or a downcast littio island, where everything, by contrast, is miserable, and everyone depressed ; where.the people are sustained only by the memories of the past to live, through the defeats and humiliations of the present; where revolt is never successful, where there is no public life, where tbe policeman and the dragoon reign supreme, and. whose psople fly her shores as if the waves which washed hem but beat against one vast pesthousef t needs iiq ghost from the grave to tell us which mistress the mass of men would refer to own and serve. And therefore t is—I may be wrong—thut I believe it s upon the emigrant Irishmen alone that be Land League chiefly leans for succour n America. The children of these men, n many cases, do not actually possess he. means to learn how to sympathise ith their fathers' country. If the ather is poor or ignorant he will not ave brought with him from home the ooks and historieB whioh would keep live the traditions of the children of the ael. Suitable Irish works are not easy o procure, or it may be the breadwinner oes not know exactly what books to btain for the purpose. The children ear the name of Ireland outside ns n thing that is mocked and spat upon, and at school what place finds the history of their country beside the cycle-incensed story of German eld or the racy reoordi of the native-born American ? The German has. his language to sustain Teutonic feeling. His. boys, bowing down before the. household gods from the Morningland, repeat Ich Dien till the savour of Deataohland becomes a. sweet odour before them, fo smaok strongly through their future lira, American-born though they be. The native Yankee boy Is the proudest creature that, walks. He is born.to breathe an jinperlal ether, charged with the! prondest 'poeslbilities—a heroio p»«t and au Infinite fature.; And what ohsnoe is there .forlittle Faadheen to preserve hli national Isolation]amidst an environment suoh aa this P ; Therefore I would say » Irishmen at -home—Look not for mncli more jtkan for a, sentimental sympstby from fthe massea ipf the ohildren oi joni race abroad. They -cannot nnderstana your taeedsj = they '^are not taught yop» hUtoiyi-ttiw lieiar^nf qhamg. "It ii proverbial everywhere that too hfefedfdl of ' : their r ( p^pr:reladone. anfl ^ppbHo S Ajnerioa^irbprn jlfjahP™? 11 ^ - true,' whose fealty to Ireland is g«w ; '. even than that- ofher-oim children; oti we have to reckon with men in m**m ^imomMo^emoAu ^ ^ ^ unselfisttoori^i^'BelfSacrificing. """ iBimportant^drns ii^iheri.h than Ian® ^xpectavioiM,- " As ; thati 3»ine- : W ^M^r^V wgL^S/. dasoendanU^f b^r^e^tig•etoaigr*® beoome environed by everything - ltt, Me and foreign to the old land, they •onld retain as freshly aa before the passions and reoollections of the Celt. TH* LAUD LEAGUE CAUSE DAMAGED BT OUTRAGE. It is true that at the present day a much superior class of •migrants are finding their way to the West than those poor fellows whom the famine fever spared long a S° > the new arrivetla, with their better education and appreciation of •everyday life in Ireland, at once become the propagandists and the sustainers of the old faith amongst their countrymen in the States. The better intelligence and higher education of the more rec.:at emigrants give a more solid foundation for tho belief that their descendants will continue to cherish the bonds which entwine them to the old country; and if this be so, so long as there go tens of thousands of men from Ireland each year, so long will there be aid and oomfort for the Land League in America. It is only just, moreover, to proclaim that many of our best and most brilliant workers and helpers there have never seen Ireland. Some of the gentlemen wh >m I have alluded to by name left the country too youDg to remember, personally, anything about it, although to-day they may be reckoned amongst its most powerful friends. The keenest need felt regarding the movement in America is information — Information ! — Information ! A lecturer could keep going almost for ever through the thousands of cities in the Stales. His words would always be eagerly list-ned to, for by the time be had completed the tour (and that would take him some years) the first place he had visited would be ready for fresh enlightenment upon the new situation which had arisen. The skeletonio aooounts conveyed by cable are found to be merely irritating to those who take an interest in Ireland, and therefore there is a constant demand for trustworthy intelligence. Moreover, the cablegrams contain little else than reports of outrages, and these same reports were the greatest stumbling-block which we had to encounter. The people of Ireland do not realise how the minds of strangers, whether English American, are prejudiced by the constant stream of " horrors " with which the papers ply the public ear. Talking to an editor in Texas on this subject, I asked him if he knew how many agrarian murders were reported to Parliament In 1880 to justify the present Coercion Aot. He reckoned about three or four hundred. "Well," said I, "just eight, and half of these, according to our oount, were not agrarian at all. And do you know how many murders were committed with half the population in your own State in that time ? He did not, and I had looked up the statistics before coming with ulterior objects. " Nearly 300," said I, " out of which there were 8f mictions. How is that P" But, of course, your better posted Englishman would not allow himself to be floored by any such arguments. He would say that Texas was an exceptionally lawleBB region, and that there were, besides murders in Ireland, the horrible houghinga and maimings, and burnings, Which appetisingly curdle his blood every morning at breakfast. To whom I would similarly say that Texas is by no means lawless, and that there are more fiendish Druelties committed upon "dumb animals " in England in one month (as may he found from the anti-oruelty societies' "8t of convictions) than there are reports of the same in Ireland in a year. But it is useless urging these things. One's remarks and arguments are published to-day and forgotten the next, and you 8° away for ever, while day after day, abiding with the people who heard you, «omes the diurnal mess of calumny which the landlords, through their press agencies, send over. Therefore it is that tnese reports of outrages are even mote niisohievous to us in America, whence we Oenve so much of our strength, and where we have so much need of " a clean bill of health "than even in England. English opinion we have Come to very little about, as being hopelessly against us. England's worst « a Coercion Act or some such • e x P edie »t. which profiteth her uotnmg. Coercion must lapse sometime Z 0 j er > and, meanwhile, it is, certain w strengthen and intensify patriotic ®?ii gl ? Ireland ' But Amerioan goodwill we have much sound reason to strive w cherish, and therefore it is deplorable •inat there should be anyfoundation for wese miserable reports of outrages. Ahe peasants' provocation to retaliate Is «wat, but crime can do no possible good, «nd alienates thousands offriindly i 8 ' h °wover, outrages have been] every £Ld League when ^k?- U not ""Prising thaT^Sw, ratings are forbidden fa a ^ should in arease and multiply, : "tley appeared to have donesinbe'ttie ^erc.oniregune oomAtottfl-^aregime W nian Wlio w a a f e 01 ^rtw » either exiled brplaMd ' safely under lock and key. Nevertheless, the fact remains that many Americans who 1 "ow nothing of the provocation the Iiw people receive, and whose Constitution is too noble to enable them even to conoeive the bare idea of the tyrannical possibilities of coercion, are day by day rendered less sympathetic by the unsifted exaggsrations of crimes which they detest. The Executive of the Land League in Ireland, not understanding altogether the facts as to tha systematic cable misrepresentations, Las not been able to do sufficient to stem the tide of calumny, but means will probably be taken henceforward to remedy this. American journalists, too, are beginning to take a much keener interest in Briiish and Irish affairs, and there are many more special correspondents sent over at present than was the case a short time ago. When they first arrive in Ireland, as is natural, perhaps, from original prejudice, they are invariably "captured" by the landlord party; but if they go through the country and visit the homes of the people, their first impressions are quickly dissipated. The most outspoken American journalist to-day in favour of the Land League is D. B. Locke (Petroleum v. Nasby), of the Toledo Blade, one of the chief papers in Ohio. If his writings were not so touching and beautiful, I should say that he had become " furiously"Irish. Yet on his arrival in Dublin he was so rabidly bitter against us that it would be difficult to talk calmly with him. James Bedpath, who was sent by the Neio York Tribune during the distress of '79, originally held similar views. He soon changed them, however, after spending some time in the country, and it was he, on a subsequent visit, who met Mr. Locke, and " converted" him almost in one day by getting bim to pay a single visit to the homes of the Galtee tenantry. Mr. Bedpath became, like Mr. Locke, so intensely Land League in his views as afterwards to invite the attentions of Sir William Harcourt. Both gentlemen have since delivered lectures through the States in the interest of the League. BRITISH POLICY AND AMERICAN OPINION. The Land League plan appeals to the American Irish with peouliar force. But for landlordism they would never have had to leave Ireland, and, however their fortunes may have progressed under the Stars and Stripes, they are none the less bitter for having been driven out. Therefore it is that until landlordism is destroyed, no matter what proposals in mitigation thereof the Government may make, they are not likely to suspend their endeavours meanwhile utterly to destroy it. Herein lies the diffioulty of the Government. Ministers acknowledge that the chief obstacle which prevents them crushing the League lies in the fact that it never can be cut off from its base of supplies. The fulcrum of the lever which is upturning landlordism is outside the sphere of British influence, and every attempt to strike down the Irish Land League and its leaders is an additional stimulus to the Leaguers of America. The uselessness, therefore, of any attempt to suppress the League by coercion must soon become apparent. Admittedly, the Coercion Act must lapse at some time another; with it the release of Mr. Parnell and his 600 fellow-captives will at once follow. Irish Americans accordingly argue that supposing every sign of the existence of the Land League had been rooted out of Ireland; the liberated Leaguers by the aid of the exterior resources would find no difficulty re-organising the entire island as before. Every man of the 600 now in goal, and of the other 600 who have been released, will, they calculate, become a drill sergeant in the army of agitation, and as the principles of the League are as economically sound and time-tested as those of the Land Aot are false and unworkable, the whole difficulty will be reopened ; I do not think the Americans are far out. Mr. Gladstone's Act even now would be the laughing-stock of the whole of Ireland only that the people re too bitter and too wretched to be very merry. Moreover, even if it were ubstantially to lower the rental of every single tenant to-morrow, that would not mprove the chances of the British overnment in the country. POVERTY AND PATRIOTISM. In tiie earlier stages of the Land eague in America, a few of the Nationlist party opposed it, as some of them tilljdo, on the ground that, if the tenants >eoome prosperous, they would become ontented, and that : English rulewould ome proportionately into favour with hem. This is also Mr. Gladstone's heory, apparently, and as the farmers ormthe bulk of the population; in reland, it becomes a very important atted lor England to oonmder nowfar hisview iscorreot. For myself I canot fcmoor in it. I don't oelievethat the tenants, if they had been left naked, .helpless, and hungry, as they were before the organisation of the League, with the sword of eviction continually suspended over their heads, made better stuff out of which patriots might be fashioned than the same body of men independent, and politically educated. But even if the removal of the sword of eviction from above the head of some shivering cottier constitutes an operation calculated to Anglicist* him, we may well ask—Is the evil of Ireland so barren of memories, or the Btory of Ireland so dull and tame, or the peasant mind of Ireland so soulless and so gross, that nationality can infuse into the emancipated serfs no spark of the fire that has been kept aflame for so many centuries in their fathers' souls J Can we teach these men nothing even after a Iiand Act has enriched them f Do not the examples of Tone and Fitzgerald, of Emmet, and Mitchel, and O'Brien—all men of birth and blood—as well as a thousand others, go to prove that patriotism is an emotion independent of personal needs ani selfish considerations ? And if that be so. Mr. Gladstone or his successors will certainly not find that Ireland is a country whose soul may be won by laying siege to her stomaoh. Probably, then, it will be discovered, before the last is heard of the Land League, that the seat of patriotism does not reside (as is vulgalarly supposed) in the smaller intestines. Irish America supports the League that, having first destroyed landlordism, it may proceed to strive for the legislative independence of Ireland. The exiles argue that it is a matter of indifference to the English people at large whether our Parliament is restored or not, as the class from which opposition to the proposal really comes Is the landlord governing class, which Is selfishly interested in maintaining the." status quo;" and that if we deprive the landlords of the chief reason—fear for their estates — which leads them to object to Home Rule by first buying out their interest, there would be no class remaining whoBe while it woul'I be worth to oppose a scheme under which we should regain control of our internal affairs. It would be nobody's in'• rest to object to the arrangement, wlien the arrangement no longer could Hit anyone harm; and it is pointed out tli-tt England can then, as she does now, *nd as she did when an i -ish Parliament existed, retain as many r i ;f.|.8 in thu country, and build as many lortresses as may appear to her a sufficient guarantee for the preservation of her own interests. The first step, therefore, towards a native Parliament is the disestablishment of the caste whioh, because of its power in the Cabinet and the Legislature, hus hitherto been the chief obstacle to its attainment. IRISH NATIONALISTS AND ENGLISH SPIES. Thf'e is in America, of course, a large Separatist opinion and organisation, but any arrangement of a legislative character acc; pled by the Iriah people at home v uuM, in th<\- nature of things, finally c iu-j t'i Butisfy Irishmen abroad. At p'-'.B'-nt, among many extreme men in ttie Slates, Mr. Forater is a statesman who is highly cherished, as they allege that his policy in suppressing meetings and putting down constitutional agitation has brought them large numbers of recruits. They know, too, so long as England has to keep50,000 soldiers in Ireland, so long is she " bonnd over to keep the peace" with all the world, and warned by previous experience they have no intention of recommending a rebellion until this country is involved in some serious foreign complications; while they point with triumph to the fact that England has scuttled out of Candahar, and knocked under to the Boers, chiefly because of the vast army whioh was tied up in Ireland, collecting rents for a set of men whose extortions have been legislatively condemned. British officials privately boast, -however, that through their spies and informers the British Government know pretty well what is going on in the secret organisations of Irishmen in Amerioa. They continally send out as artisans and labourers men who have been in the Irish police, especially those who can speak Irish. These as advanced Nationalists who have forsaken a disgraceful service from patriotic motives, and thus endeavour to find admittance in patriotic organisations. The Land League at present is by far the most extensive Irish movement in America. It has the priests very generally upon its side, and in America, as; in Inland, the clergy have _enorinous inflnenoe. ANCIENT ORDER OF HIBERNIANS. After, the League, one of the most im|>ortant Irish s icietteB: is the Ancient Order of Hibernians. It is a friendly benefit sooiety, employing grips «r passwords, somewhat Jib* the foresters or Odd Fellows, and - is coufiaed-Miy tho fact that the members nTttt periodically approaoh the Sacraments of the Church —solely to Cathollos. In spite of lta religious complexion, howeve*, two bishops—one an Englishman and the other a German — have pronounoed against it, and but for the faet that la some dioceses it is ooldly looked upon by the Church, It would doubtless hare spread into the greatest Irish organisation in America. Its members are certainly amongst the steadiest and most respectable of the working class of on countrymen. The Hibernians have political as well as benevolent objects, and state that their head-quarters is in Ireland; but what their precise political objects are, and what the nature of the communion is with the home country, remains, so far as outsiders are concerned, quite obscure. No one is admitted to the sooiety except he is well known to its members, and the severest scrutiny is said to be exercised towards neophytes. The fact that the bishops who condemned the Ancient Order as a forbidden society were one an Englishman and the other a German, gives rise to a con* siderable national soreness amongst itl members, but the effeot in their dioceses upon the order has been decidedly injurious. There is greater ecclesiastical coldness, however, towards that other secret organisation whioh avows much more clearly defined political objects; and no doubt these ecclesiastical censures do muoh service to British Governments by preventing any united effort at insurrectionary movements in Ireland. The tone of Catholio priests in Amerioa is, taking them as a body, much more conservative than it is at home* Some bishops, It is true, have occasionally taken the chair at our meetings, and Bishop Manogue, when presiding at my lecture at Virginia City (Nevada) thoroughly endorsed the "No Bant" manifesto. But it cannot be doubted that a great many American ecclesiastioa look askance upon a movement for Irish independence, although the Land Laague, having social reform immediately in view, has secured their favour to an extent unknown in the case of earlier organisations. " CONSERVATIVES " ' AND " NO- RENTERS." The Land League, having rallied to its side so large a number of supporters in America, it is not to be expected that there are not minor differenoeB of opinion as to the way the objects of the League should be promoted amongst the vast masses of men enrolled beneath its banner. At the Chioago Convention the phrases "Conservatives" and "No- Renters Absolute " were frequently referred to, and the great body of the delegates there openly ranged themselves under one or other of these somewhat rough denominations. That the " Conservatives" were in th» majority became evident from the resolutions which were carried, these gentlemen being to a large extent either the owners of property or those who hold with that class. On the other hand, there was powerfully and ably represented a more advanced section whioh believeB with the ablest English and Continental economists that the State alone should hold land, and that private property in one of the natural agents is anomalous and improper. This body, which desired that the Convention should eclare certain abstract principles in its esolutions, were principally what were nown as the Irish World men. THE Oatholie Telegraph says:—"Despite the fugitive and unofficial utterances of certain eoolesiastioB, or the private opinions of individuals, adverse to the Land League, we shall continue to pursue the friendly course we adopted long since toward that most excellent association. When Holy Church authoritatively condemns it, whion we feel confident will never happen, it will be tame for us to oppose it. Meanwhile, the advice of Horace to the anoient tragic poets i Nee dew intertit, nisi digitus cindice nodm incident—not to let a god interfere, unless a difficulty presents itself worthy a god's unravelling—still holds good." IT is, unhappily, too easy to raise a cry of " Disloyalty" against any paper that expresses sympathy with Ireland. The printer of the Tasmanian Catholio Standard, deeming that paper " disloyal," refused to print it any longer. The proprietor took the first boat to . Melbourne, and, ere long, he ^ was back with a first-clan printing establishment, —The Indo-European Correspondence. Ax Hildysart Petty Sessions on Tuesday, before Captain MTeraan, R.M., Mr. John -Behan," Iriih World correspondent, was sentenced to a fortnight's imprisonment, together with being fined £1, for having spiken: seditious language at the Kildysarc fair onthe 20 th February. Ax axeoent. meeting of the Ladies' Land Leaguer the treasurer ennounoed that £1399 19s. fid., had. been Spent during tha waek in granta to evicted tenants and Tpriaonera' famiHss, and on " Suspects* j .fi891s.lld. : -. , v- • • tr 