GARNER'S THEATRE. ITVPERirW STIRPRTSR PARTV Professor A. E. Rice opened his season last night to an audience which, despite the wel come wet weather, was f lirly numerous. He had wisely closed the gallery, his enter tainment being more especially suited for a hall with one floor. The Academy of Music, we believe, would have formed a more convenient scene of operations. The Professor's chief claim on public attention is undoubtedly the possession of a peculiar faculty termed by him 'mind- reading.' In a few pleasant preliminary remarks Mr. Kice stated his pretensions. He asserted that, with closed eyes; the whole room and belongings remained visible to him exactlv in the same way as everything ap peared to the audience. His own mind is brought into a weak or negative condition— a state of receptivity— and can be dominated bv a strong thinker. The figure of any object in the room being forcibly impressed on the mind of another person, Professor Rice by some extraordinary process is enabled to see this mental picture —to feel the unex pressed will of a stranger— and to find the object. But it is necessary that the image should be brought and kept before the mental vision resolutely and unfalteringly. There are some men who, as the Professor remarked, cannot think at all. He does not undertake toread their minds. _ Modestly enough, Mr. Rice prepared his audience for failure rather than success during his first two or three tests. Butonefailure,however,can berecorded against him, and the exposition of his novel attribute proved a perfect and startling triumph. He seems to deal masterfully witn the impalpable motions of thought, and evi dently treats with the long-talked-of 'brain-waves' theory as though he had reduced its misty essences to utilitarian practice. He may not be the first who has publicly demonstrated the sympathy which exists between one mind and another, but we venture to assert that so genuinely wonder ful a performance has never before been exhibited in Adelaide. In response to the Professor's invitation, Messrs. Peterswald, Salom, Stuart, Degenliardt, and two gentle men whose names we do not know, mounted the stage and acted as a committee. After making the condition that each must think of nothing about his own person, Mr. Rice held the first committeeman by the hand, closed his eyes, pressed the knuckles against his forehead, convulsively twitched the ends of the committeeman's fingers, led him from the stage down to the back of the stalls, wandered for a while as though puzzled, and, after making the one error referred to, grasped the top of a gentleman's walking - stick. The com mitteeman admitted that the Professor was right in his selection, and the audience begau to think there was something real about Tiis ' mind-reading.' Repeating preliminaries with the second committeeman, that worthy was also led about the stalls, where several attempts were made to find the object im Eressed on his brain. Soon the Professor, olding the committeeman by the fingers, led him back to the stage, and straight way clutched Mr. Salom's eyeglass. Divina tion was never more correct. Superinten dent Peterswald's turn came next. With the wiliness of a boss policeman, the Superin tendent had arranged that Mr. T. D. Smeaton, seated in the dress-circle, should carry concealed in his waistcoat a small inch-rule. Up to the dress-circle pro ceeded Professor Rice, for once taking the Superintendent into custody. After fumDlinjj among the smallclothes of several surprised gentlemen, Professor Rice paused, somehow obtained a stronger idea of th^ locality wanted, and making straight for Mr. Smeaton brought the small inch-rule to light. Mr. Salom chose a tiny cannon hanging on Mr. Stuart's watch-chain. The operation of finding this article occupied more time. This arose from the fact that so many persons present wore watch-chains with ornaments suspended, and that for some few minutes Professor Rice could not mentally discern the peculiar shape of the cannon. After a pause, as it were, to refresh himself, and gain integer hold over the outwardly unseen image, he led Mr. Salom to his confrere and grasped the cannon. The next test caused considerable amusement, Mr. Degenhardt imagining the parting of a person's hair who placed this division m the middle. It happened that two gentlemen in the stalls so arranged their ambrosial locks, and, personally, we should say there was little to choose between them. Professor Rice, however, thought otherwise, for, after handling one poll, he deliberately fixed on the other, to Mr. Degenhavdt's entire satisfaction and the wonder of all beholders. Last came Mr. Stuart, who, having been led away to the pit, was stopped before a young lady who wore a silver locket on her uegliui. The Professor seized the locket, and Mr. Stuart owned to having photographed it on his mental collodion. Then Professor Rice ap pealed to the committee as to whether each and all of them fancied there had been any trickery about his proceedings, or whether they were convinced that he had really read their minds. The committee, like good men and true, responded heartily that tnere cer tainly was no trickery about Professor Rice's mind-reading ; and if a perfect tornado of applause has any meaning, it was evident that the whole audience most thoroughly agreed with the committee. The performance above related is palpably a tremendous strain on Professor Rice, who searches for the object thus prefigured in another man's mind with everjr nerve on the rack, and often bathed in perspiration. The convulsive clutching of the hand we have noticed, and it would seem as though com munication were established through the sensitive ends of the fingers. Another pleasant surprise awaited us in Miss S. Lewis, who is declared by Mr. Rice to be but fifteen years old. His sworn affidavit on this subject would be poBsibly convincing— nothing less. In any case, Miss Lewis is the possessor of a grand voice and an ingenious style of singing, which enablesone to near every word and to feel its meaning. With proper cultivation there is no reason why she should not prove a worthy successor to Madame Carandini. Her song, Ganz's ' Nightingale's Trill,' was vociferously encored, and, responding, Miss Lewis gave 'Comin thro' the rye most acceptably. The concluding portion of the entertainment suffered somewhat by compari son with what had gone before. Professor Rice read words which were written on pieces of paper by members of the audience, and rolled up into pellets, a la Ada Poy. the ' spirit aajistic' medium. Then he infused deviltry into a silk handkerchief, which, after being tightly tied with some eight or nine knots, unwound itself while lying on the summit of a small boy's head. The small boy seemed more nervous than the handker chief. Professor Rice also taught us how ' spirit' knocking was fabricated, and interested his audierce in judging characters from physiognomy. With the genial banker mentioned atjove he was particularly happy, the subject himself stating that his chart had been mapped out ' fairly accurately, except as regarded horses and public speaking. He had never ridden a bucking horse yet, and this was the first time he had ever faced the footliehts.' Then a mysterious visitant, who spoke Hindu and rejoiced in the ex tremely Indian appellation of 'Mr. Douglas,' sat in a Davenport Brothers' cabinet, being roped uncomfortably round the neck, and gave us a ' materialistic manifestation,' while the gas was turned down so low that we could but dimly discern the ghost of Old Father Christmas gone slightly wrong in his pedal extremitiss. DurinK this gruesome interval there was a violent struggle for place between the violin and the American organ, but all differences were dispelled when the lights flared up again. The Hindu magician left the cabinet and vanished at the wings, and Professor Rice announced that to-night he would com pletely expose many spiritualistic tricks and present a programme of surpassing interest. We advise our readers to witness this Unique entertainment. 