IRoveltst. BY SLOW .DEGREES. A STORY OF AUSTBALIA. . BY ALEXANDER MONTGOMERY. AUTHOR or ' TIIAT FEI,LOW FAItNESE.' CHAPTER XVIII. Cintra was a moderately sized house of the villa order, standing in somewhat extensive . grounds, and situated iiv tho outskirts o£ St. Kilda. The houso itself occupicd tho summit of a rise, and . had thus a clear view over the thick belt of plantation which secluded it from tho road. Entrance to tho back was given by a narrowlane, which, diverging from this road, mado a loop round tho premises and rejoined the main thoroughfare about a quarter' of a mile further on. In front of the houso was a broad terrace, and oil this terrace I was pacing up and down a few days after our arrival, when I saw Walter coming up tho drive. Tlio Count and his daughter, as it happened, were both from home, and in Walter's face, as I told liim this, I could detect that con tradictory mixture of relief and disappoint ment, which most people have experienced at tho postponement of an anxious crisis in their affairs. Ho has come to ask tho Count for his daughter,' I said to myself ; and so it was. After a few turns up and down tlio terraco without speaking, Walter laid liis hand on my arm and stormed me. ' ' You aro tho Count's intimate friend,' lio said. ' I want you. to tell me candidly what chanco you think I have of gaining Paola for my wife ?' Tho blue eyes wore very troubled; the strong, voice shook as lie put the question, and it was with a keen feeling of regret that I answered — ' Very little, I fear, my dear fellow I You remember what I told you about the Count's 1 resolve to avoid any connection with your father 1 ' 'I remember!' ho .answered, letting his hand drop from my arm ; ' but I thought that perhaps his irritation on that point would Lave subsided by this time.' 'You mistake the Count much,' I said. .tie is incapable of irritation in the sense in which you use the word. His dislike to your father is founded on the calm conviction that he is a bad man, and an undesirable con nection. You will excuse my plain speaking ; but it is best that you should understand the position.' ' Certainly it is best,' said Walter; ' but I think Count Giustiuiani judges too harshly of my father, pr, rather, of me on my father's account.' 'No Walter I — tho Count does not judge lia_rshly_ of you ; he likes you much, and has said so in so many words ; but as he does not hastily form a judgment, so lie does not hastily alter one, and I fear you will firfd him in the same mind as lie was when he spoke to mo. But come 1 — I do not wish to discourage you ; you oan but try. I need ? hardly ask how you stand with the Irulv lim-splf .' 'No,' said Walter — 'I am all right with lier ! But she would never run counter to her lather's wishes !' ' I am much mistaken in her if slie would,' I replied. ' Then there is the question of re ligious opinions 1' ' Why, surely, from what I know of the Count, he would make no difficulty on that Bcore 1' ' Tho Count — no 1 But I meant the young lady herself ! Walter remained silent for a few moments. 'I have something to say on that point( ' he answered then, ' which may probably excite your ridicule.' ' Say on, and let me judge 1' ' I know,' he went on, ' that men of your Bcliool of thought — or at least of the Count's —would scout tho idea of a man's beliefs being influenced through his affee-, tions, but tho fact remains that my opi nions on religious matters have latterly undergone a great change. 'Anrl-to understand, then, that you attri bute this change to the influerico of Signorina Giustiniani ? Well, I see nothing in that to ridicule ; though I think you would bo more correct in attributing tho alteration to the lady's arguments than to her fascinations.' ' I have always envied her pure, lofty, un troubled faith,' said Walter, ' and I seem to have unconsciously imbibed a portion of it.' ' Do you call yourself a Christian, then ?' ' I do not know what to call myself ; but I do know that I believe now in many things which I questioned when you first knew mo.' ' All the better for you,' I said. ' You may remember that I told you at tlio time that any stato of belief was preferable, for the Bake of mental quietude, to a mental attitude of universal scepticism. But here como tho Count and tho signorina.' With a heightened color and a less com posed air. than usual Paola greeted Walter. ' I havo had such troublo with tho padre !' sho said, laughing. 'Coming out of the Public Library, he picked up another person's hat instead of his own, and we had got to the front gates beforo tho owner arrived in hot ?pursuit. Absurdly angry he was, too; I really thought ho would havo given tho Count in chargo, though anybody could have seen that the exchange was far from being in ' tho dear father's favor. Beally he grows more absent- minded every day.' 'Only at times, Jiglia viiaV said the uount — only now and thon I You havo something to say to me,' ho added, to Walter, as his swift, keen* eye perused tlio young man's ingenuous countenance. , ' Yes, 'Count ; if you can sparo mo a few minutes.' 'This way, then. Perdond, Raymond; Paola will keep you comjmny !' But Paola, who guessed what was coming, had fled ore ho spoke, and bo, pacing tho ter race alone, I awaited tho result of tho inter view. . In about a quarter of an hour tho Count sent for me, and, going to his study, I found liim twisting his long grey moustache in much perplexity. Walter stood by the window, and ? near tho door was seated Paola, with a sparkle in her eye and a flush upon her cheek which 'betokened an emotion unusual with her. ' I havo sent for you, my friend,' said the Count, ' to have your opinion on a matter that nearly concerns my daughter's happiness. In a word — Mr. Addison, hero, wishes to marry lier I You aro already awaro of my primary objection to such a match, but I lind that my ' . daughter's affections are moro seriously en gaged than I had imagined. Perhaps I am to blame for not interfering sooner to put an end to. the acquaintance; but lot thatpaBs L— the harm is dono, and I wish now to hear if you can put the matter in any now light which would weaken my objeotions. I do not deny, you see,' he added with a smile, ' that I am willing to be persuaded, any moro than I h;ivc concealed from ,Walter that I havo a great personal liking for him. But there still re mains — his father !' 'But, sir,' cried Walter eagerly, — 'my father is not what you think him 1 and, even if ho were, I do not see that ho need mako so much 'difference. It may sound unfilial on my part to acknowledge that his habits are such as to mako him an undesirable acquain tance for a lady, but by his own choice wo should see but little of him.' 'My dear boy,' said the Count, ' you for get that you are still dependent on him I Your profession would not enable you, for years to come, to support a wife.' 1 ' I can wait,' said. Walter. ' I am no friend to long engagements,' was tho reply; 'and my daughter shall not form one with my consent.' Paola came swiftly forward and clasped the Count's hand. 'You loved my mother !' she said — ' take pity on us 1' ' Gar a mia,' was tho dry reply, ' it is just because I tako pity , on you that I wish to secure you bread to eat, and so forth. Now, Baymond,' ho added, turning to mo . with something liko a twinkle iu his eye, — 'you have not given your opinion yet.' ' My opinion, Count, is all in favour of those young lovers ; though I must admit that the want of means is a serious objection. But perhaps you and I could': ? ' Slay, my friend 1' interrupted tho Count ; ' I know what you would say, but that is not to be thought of for a moment — as far as you are concerned, at anyrate. Listen to me, Walter 1 Should you marry my daughter, I am able and willing to support you both until you aro in a position to dispense with my as sistance ; but I toll you plainly that I shall think the worse of you if you accept the pro posal !' ' 'Then you shall not think the worse of mo on that account, at all events I ' returned Walter warmly. ' I could not think of such a plan for a moment 1 But you forget — my ?father is rich ! It will bo easy for him to give us tlio' necessary income.' Tho Count took a fow turns in silence. ' Your father,' he said then, ' would cer tainly not approve of your marriage with my daughter. How that would affect his rela tions with yourself, you ought to bo tho best judge.' ' Believe me, Bir,' returned Walter — ' what ever ho may appear to others, ho has always been a most kind and indulgent father to mo. Give us your consen, tand I am confident of his 1' ' And you really love tliis young man bo much?' said the Count, turning to his daughter. ' With all my heart ! ' she said ; and then, with a noble simplicity in no way akin to un maidenly forwardness, she went up to Walter and took his hand in hors. A remarkable-looking couple they made, as they stood side by side, gazing eagerly at the Count's inscrutable face. The girl — of equal height with her lover — appeared the taller of the two, and her lofty southern beauty con- ? trasted strongly with the square, sturdy, Saxon aspect of Walter, whose bright blue eyo alone seemed to denote anything of a kindred spirit with Paola's. , ' Tall and short ! ' muttered the Count, meditating aloud as he looked at them. ' This predilection of tall women for short mon — but I forget ! This is what I decide, Walter. If, as you expect, your father lie willing to make a sufficient provision for you, I will consent to the marriage ; but it is only fair to tell you, at the same timo, that I make this concession in tho full belief that I shall not be called upon to fulfil it. You, think differently? Very well; go and talk the matter over by yourselves, but remember that I will not relax the conditions I have fixid 1' ' What were you. saying just now, Count, about tall \vomen and short men ?' I asked, when the lovers had left tho room. ' You interrupted yourself; you remember,' 'All, yes I. You must have remarked, your self, that persons whose stature is much above or much below the average generally select from the other sex a partner who possesses the opposite characteristics.' ' Yes ; it is a matter of common obser vation.' ' How do you account for it ? ' ' I suppose it is the attraction of op posites.' ' It is more than that 1 It is a provision of Nature for tho maintenance of her average standard of growth. If over and undersized men and women preferred mates of corres ponding stature, the human raco would grad ually run to giants, on the one hand, and pigmies on the other ! ' ' That is a new viow of the subject to mo,' I replied, ' but it certainly seems to rest on a reasonable basis.' ' Yes ; you will find tho same force at work all through Nature. Any divergence from her normal types inevitably contains within it tho seeds of reversion to those types.' ' You appear to ' think, then, that the promptings of Nature will not bo carried out in this particular instance.' ' With regard to Walter and Paola, you mean ?' No — I am as certain as that I stand here that Addison will refuse his consent to , tho match. As you heard me say to Walter, it is in that conviction that I mako the mar riage contingent on his father's approval. Had I the least fear of that approval being obtained, I would not make the conditions I do, for my detestation of the elder Addison remains undiminished; though, as Walter might begin to think I was indulging in an unreasonable degree of animus, I havo chosen to make tho monetary objection the osten sible one.' . ? ' But m a few years,' I remarked, 'Wal-' tor's profession will mako him indepen dent of his father, and thus dispose of tho monetary objections.' Tho Count smiled his caustic smile. ' Is your hair tliin and your beard grey, friend Baymond, hp said, as he tapped mo on the shoulder, ' and do you calculate liko a boy upon what may happen in a few years ?' CHAPTER XIX. Walter lost no time in writing to his father upon tho subject of tho marriage, and so confident was ho of a favorable answer that lie looked upon tho matter as already, sottled. I was much less sanguine in the matter, how ever, for my confidqnce in tho Count's saga city was great ; but I kept my misgivings to myself, and made no attempt to damp Walter's expectations. ? ' Aro you anything of a sporting man ?' ho asked me, rather abruptly, on tho morning following tho conversation detailed in tho pre ceding chapter. ' I used to tako a good -deal of interest in such matters,' I replied ; ' but not latterly. Why do you ask?' 'Beoauso I wish to tell you that, even if we tako tho worst for granted — if we suppose my father refuses his consent, I havo still got a string to my bow 1' ' Indeed 1 But what has that to do with sporting matters ?' ' I will tell you. You liavo heard of tho Melbourno Cup ?' / ' Of courso ; tho great raco of tho year.' ' Yes. Well, it will bo run in a couple of months from now, and King of tho South is first favourite.' ' So I see by tho papers. The public ap pear to put great confidence in him.' 'So much the worBe for tho public 1 I know of a horse that can run away from anything in tho race, and that horso is not King of the South 1 — nay, more, he is scarcely mentioned in tho betting at all I' ' Indeed 1 And this wonderful animal I presunle .you havo backed.' ' Yes ; I havo got immense odds against him. I am not at liberty to mention his name, but I can put something on him for'you if you wish.' ' Thank you I— I am not inclined to specu late ; and if you'll tako my advice you'll havo nothing to do with him either !' ' Oh, I havo not much to lose, and I stand to win enough to make mo quito independent of my father !' I shook my head. ' My experience teaches me to placo littlo faith in 'tips' of any kind,' I said ; ' and tlicso very mysterious and won derful pieces of information are. doubly sus picious. But I hope you know your man.' ' I do ; there are two of them, and I be lieve they aro both to he relied on, I am , going to seo them this ovoning ; and, if you liko to come with mo, I'll show you a little Melbourne sporting life.' - ' Agreed ! — provided it bo not of too low an order.' ' Oil, no 1 Quito respectable, for the sort of thing. I'll call for .you in the evening ; good bye in tho meantime — I must got back to tlid oflice.' ' I wonder wjiat tho Count would say to this betting business,' I said to myself when Walter Jiad left mo. ' I'll sound him on tho subject at tho first opportunity.' But, though I carried out this intention in what I thought was a most diplomatic manner, tho quick-witted Count saw how tho land lay in n. nmmnnt. 'All!' lie said— 'I suppose our friend Walter has been dabbling in it. This betting mania,' he went oil, 'is nothing more than tlio lottery-fever of tho Continent, in another form. Your English law theoretically forbids lotteries, and so tho inherent delight in tho worship of clianco must find another outlet. Not that thero is any difference in principle. It is all- very well' to talk of tho delight in'a good race — tho improvement in the breed of horses, and so forth; absolutely pro hibit the betting, and liorse-racing will sink into insignificance, instead of being, as now, tho all-engrossing amusement of this com munity. ? As regards any proclivities which Walter may have in that direction, it will be timo enough for mo to consider that question when this matter of tho marriage is sottled.' Seven o'clock the same evening found mo approaching with Walter a well-known sport ing hotel in ono of the principal streets of Melbourne. Tho front was a blaze of light, and. as we entered at a side-door, Walter in formed me that tho landlord was the celebrated Bill Crusher, ex-cliampion of England. Pas sing along a narrow entry, through various openings in which we caught occasional glimpses of tho bar, resplendent with carving and gilding, wo reached a small, comfortably furnished room, the very atmosphere of which seemed to be charged with ' sport.' On the mantlepieco was a stuffed bull- terrrier in a glass-case, with a legend setting forth his apocryphal doings in the rat-killing way ; above that again was a surprising work of art in which all the colors of the rainbow had been lavished upon the representation of a celebrated 'finish' for tho Derby, whilst round tho walls the portraits of English scullers and American trotters alternated with those of various ornaments of the prize ring, preparing in. the most exemplary pugilistic attitudes to do battle with nothing in particular. ' My men will be here directly,' said Walter, as, having looked at his watch, he rang the bell and ordered a bottle of sherry ; and by the timo a broken-nosed barman re turned with the wine tho expected persons had mado their appearance. Evidently both of tlio ' horsy genus, they nevertheless presented a widely different aspect. The bigger of tho two,' who was un mistakeably a son of Abraham, was wheezy of voice and fleshy of face ; his dress was of ultra fashionable and horsy cut, and tho coarseness of his dirty red hands was enhanced by the numerous cheap rings which bedizened his fingers. Tho other was ' a low-sized, wiry man, ' with hard, square features, small, piercing eyes, and a twist in tho corner of his wide, tliin-lipped mouth as if he carried a straw in it. 'Aw'll take a drop o' gin hot,' said tho latter, in a strong Yorkshire accent, when asked what lie would take. ' Aw didn't think 'at yo'd a brought anybody wi' yo' t'neet 1' ' Oh, it doesn't matter !' said Walter — ' this is a friend of mine, who is just as safe as mvself.' 'Do — lighted to seo any friend of yours, Mislitor Addison,' wheezed the other worthy, lighting a villainous cigar asjlio spoke. ' I shuppose you've como prepared for us, eh ?' ' Yes,' said Walter, and, taking out his pocket-book, ho handed each of thom a small packet of notes. 'S'help me !' said tlio Jow, when he lmd counted his, 'you've got the hinformation cheap — dirt chcap 1 Ain't he, Jem ?' Tho Yorkshireman did not answer until he had Blowly counted his money , over twico ; then, placing it in a greasy pocket-book, he squirted a stream of tobacco-juice from the corner of his mouth and sontentiously ejaculated, ' Worth foive toimes t'brass 1' ' Come, come 1' said Walter with a laugh — ' it's .too lato to talk about that, now ! The bargain's made ! Now, Baymond, we'll go upstairs and see a bit of sparring. That's tlio cause of tho noiso up thero,' ho added, alluding to a mysterious sliuflling and tramp ling which had been going on for some time over our heads. I now began to see that Walter was a much greener hand, in sporting matters than I had supposed. Ho had evidently been paying pretty smartly for what was in all probability a worthless piece of information, and as we ascended tho stairs I determined to tako tho first opportunity of opening liis oyes. Turn ing into a darlt passage, wo paused at a door, upon which Walter tapped in a, peculiar manner.' A sliding panel was immediately withdrawn, and, after a muttered colloquy with the guardian of the door, ? it was cautiously opened, and wo found ourselves in a largo and brilliantly-lighted room, in the centro of which was a space covered with saw dust and fenced off with ropes. Within tlio enclosure two devotees of the fistic art were pummelling each other with might and main, and on tho benches round tho walls sat a crowd of spectators, ranging in degree from tho most elaborately dressed ' swell' to the debascd-looking crcatures who formed tho link between tho low-class pugilist and the thief pure and simple. Why all this precaution ?' I whispered to Walter, as wo took our seats. ?' Sparring with gloves is not against the law here, is it ?' . 'No,' lio returned, 'but these men aro using what aro called 1 skin gloves,' which afford' scarcely any protection from tho blows. An encounter with them is virtually a prize fight, so thero is a possibility of tho police in terfering,' and, at that very moment, as if to illustrate' Ilia meaning, ono of tho combat ants was knocked down by a blow which sounded upon. his battered countenance as if. it had been dealt with the naked fist. ? I felt somewhat disgusted, for, though not unacquainted with tho pugilistic mystery myself, I heartily disapproved of prizefiglit ing, and had entered tho room with tho ex pectation of seeing only a display of harmless sparring; but beforo I could mako up my mind whether to sit tho thing out or not, a thundering knock resounded on the door, and a stentorian voice demanded adn;ission ' in the Queen's namo I ' All was confusion in a moment. Tho com batants sprang out of tho ring, tho spectators jumped down from then- benches, and a con fused rush was mado for tho door at tho othor end of the room. Carried along by tho press, I lost sight of Walter, and found myself hustled helplessly down a flight of stairs leading to tho back of tlio houso. Presently we came to a small door ; it was burst open ; the human stream poured out and scattered, and I found myself in a narrow passage, ap parently leading from one street to another. Ignorant of tho locality, I turned in the wrong direction, and readied what soon turned out to bo a dangerous neighbourhood. A narrow street, with mean, dingy houses, and suspicious looking forms hovering furtively about tho corners of tho numerous lanes which led off on either side. 'A villainous looking place! ''I said to myself as I turned to retrace my steps ; but, beforo I had gone many yards, I found .my-* self confronted by two dark figures. ' Can you givo me a light, sir ? ' came from ono of thom, but I was on my guard, and ready for tho rush which followed before I could reply. Ono of tho men I avoided al together, and dealt the other a blow in the oliest which staggered liim. ' Oh ! that's your sort, is it ? ' he cried savagely, as ho recovered himself. 'Come on, Bob, and we'll settle his hash for him ! ' I cast a rapid glanco around ; not a soul was in sight but my two antagonists — both men of nearly my own size — and, after a rapid interchange of blows, I received a stroke on tho head which staggered mo; but, just as tho fellows wero closing up, a crashing blow sent ono of them to the ground liko a clod. Tho other immediately took to his heels ; and, turning round, I saw beside me a powerfully built man of middle .size, with bowed legs and disproportionately long arms. 'Thank you, my friend,' I said. 'That was a timely blow. Will you help me to give this fellow in charge?' ' No, sir — no,' was the unexpected reply. .' If I havo done you any service, I ask you to requite it by letting tho man go,' and, before I could answer, the thief sottled the matter himself by scrambling to his feet and running away. '' That decides it,' I said. ' I think your request a strango one, but, nevertheless, I am much beholden to you for your assistance. I am a comparative stranger in Melbourne.' .' So I supposed. Lot. me put you in your way again.' 'I havo seen you before,' I said, as we passed a lamp and the light revealed my companion's features. ' Were you not in tho spamng-room just now? 'I was, and I saw you there; I suppose you missed your friend in the crush.' 'Yes, but I shall seon lind him again. May I offer you any money ?' I added, with some hesitation, for, though my rescuer's broad shoulders were clad only in a rough pea-jacket, and his head in a rough fur cap, his language was that of an educated person, and liis physiognomy had struck me in the boxing-room as being that of no common man. 'Thank you — no,' he returned briefly. ' There's your way ; good night!' I found Walter looking out for mo in front of the hotel. ' I was beginning to feel anxious about you,' ho said, 'for there wero a good many rough characters about. You didn't think we had this sort of thing in Melbourno, eh ?' I did not answer immediately, for I was divided between my good wishes for the speaker and my dislike to anything in the way of ' preaching.' Eg' Do you approve of ' this sort of thing,' Walter?' I asked at last. ' Of prizefighting, for instance ?' 'Woll, no; I can't say I do. But. you don't think ^here's any. harm in learning how to use. one's fists, do you?' ' Certainly not ! I can do a little in that way myself ; nor is it many minutes since I found tho knowledge useful.' ' By Jove !' said Walter, when I had briefly described my recent adventure; ' there's a case in point, you see.' ' Yes, I don't deny it. But such an exhi bition as we witnessed to-night can do no possible good, and it would bo better to remain ignorant of the ' noble art ' than to acquire it among such debasing surroundings. Then thero is another thing. I wish to speak to you about, if you will forgive mo for lectur ing, and put it down to tlie interest I take in you.' 'Speak plainly, said waiter, 'l am ready to be guided by your advice.' ' You cannot bo guided by it in this in stance, unfortunately, for tlio harm is already done. I refer to tho money you paid thoso two scoundrels for the ' tip.' ' ' Why, Baymond 1' laughed Wajter, ' that is not like you — to put men down as scoundrels solely on tlio scoro of their looks.' 'No,'! admitted, 'it is not like me; but my impression is all the moro strong on that account. May I ask what you paid them ' Fifty each 1' ' Thrown away !' ' If I thought so,' began Walter — ' if I thought thoy were deceiving mo' — \- ' You could do nothing !' I put in. ' Tlicy would say they wero deceived themselves.' 'So they would, no doubt! Well, never mind; I havo no fears about the matter. Havo a weed ?' ''Lucrczia Borgia' to-morrow night,' I said, looking at tlio bill on tlio gato of tho Opera-house, opposito which wo had stopped to light our cigars. 'My favorito opera! Will you come aud hear it ?' 'Yes, if you wish. Perhaps tho Count and tho signorina would como too.' * ' I'll ask them when I get back.' ' Very good. And, by-tho-way, I think you had better turn back now to catch your train. I'll como out to Cintra to-morrow afternoon.' CHAPTEB XX. 'Baldovino,' said tho Count, in Italian, to his old servant next morning ; ' did not I yes terday sco tlieo working in tho garden ?' ' Of a truth, Eccellenza,' answered tho old man, ' I did therein labor a little— only a littlo !' ' ThaiJ was not well, my friend,' said his master.' 'Thou growest old and foeblG, and such work is not for thee. ? I will engage a man to attend to tho garden. Seo to it, figliamia!' 'I will advertise to-morrow,' replied Paola. ' Baldovino shall in future take his ease with his cigarette, while lie superintends operations,' she added, with a laugh. 'Tlio signorina is pleased to bo- merry,' said tho old fellow, with a low bow, ' but tho idleness it likes not Baldovino, and with the KiflHon'na's permission ho will still do so much aB is possible to liim.' 'Well, well — as tliou plcasest,' said tho Count; 'but take caro of tliysolf, for tliou liast been a faithful and hard- working ser vant I National prejudice,' he went on, in English, whon Baldovino had hobbled out of tlieroom, ' calls the Italian la»y ; butlfearme that what passes for laziness is too often tlio want of something to do. Tho traveller scc3 tho lazzaroni. lying about in tho sun all day. 1 What an indolent pcoplo !' ho says ; for getting that work must bo had beforo it can bo done, and shutting his oyes to tho fact that thoso Italians who have ,-it — do it with might and main. Tho history of Italy would prove — ah ! by-thc-way, that reminds me, Baymond — you want us to go and hoar 'Luorczia Borgia' to-night. Did you think Italian opera in Melbourne would bo worth listening to ?' , I don't expect muoli,' I answered, ' and so I cannot bo muoli disappointed.' 'Woll, ybu mil find this oompauy sur prisingly good. The pieces, of courso, cannot be placed on the stage with the splendour of London or Paris ; still, they aro fairly mounted, and the singing is not to bo des pised. Indeed the basso — tho Duke Alfonso of to-night — is at present under engagement to London, and in my opinion ho will do no discredit to the boards of Her Majesty's. But you will bo ablo to judge for yourself this evening. . I seo by tho papers, too, that a now tenor undertakes Gennaro, but I do not oxpect much from him — the tenor is always tho weak point of second and third-rato companies.' Donizetti's ' Lucrezia' is everywhere a favourite, and when wo reached the Opera house in the ovening it was filled from floor to ceiling. Tho overture was played — the curtain raised — tho opening eliorus sung — and tho now Gennaro made his appearance. Though evidently not young, ho was slight and undersized, and certainly looked more of a stripling than the robust young woman who played Maffeo Orsini ; but his voice was good, and had something in its tones which awoko a vague recollection within me. His face, too — despite the tinted cheek, tho blackened eyebrow, and the pointed beard struck me as oho that I had seen bofore, and for somo timo I vainly tried to remember whore ; but no sooner had tlit singer approached tho footlights and commenced the beautiful ' Di pcscator' ignobilo' than tho truth camo to me liko a llasli. Tho voice was Dumarlay's [ I looked round at tho Count and saw by 'his face that he had made, by the eye, that dis covery which had como to me through tho car. Yes ! — scarcely less sweet and powerful for tho passage of over twenty years, these were tho tones whieli had mado such an indelible impression upon my memory on that long past night at Monkton-Edgott. My mind travelled back to that time, and, absorbed in a painful reverie, I heard as in a dream the' increasing applause which greeted each suc cessive effort of tho now singer. Would ho recognise the Count or myself, I wondered ; but no — his oyes, as they roved over the houso, rested upon our party several times, and no look or motion betokened that he knew cither of us. But after a timo something occurred which did mako him start. Towards tho end of the second act thero flounced into the stalls a party of flaunting, overdressed women, and no sooner did Gennaro's glanco alight on thom than ho gasped, faltered in his music — and then went on again with an evident effort. Directing my glass upon tho group which had caused this emotion, I was startled in my turn to recognise another link between mo and my unfortunate past. Amongst tho impudent paintedfaccs — altered byyearsanddissipation, by rouge and violet powder, but umnistakeable through all— was the face of Glika Nasilo vitclil That she had — wholly or partially — recog- , nised Dumarlay was evident from the fixed gaze with which she regarded him. Singing or silent, moving a')out or standing still, sho never took lier eyes off him, and so uncbm- fortablo did ho grow under this scrutiny that his performance deteriorated until people be gan to think if he was ill. At last, however, the Bussian relieved him of her presence by leaving the houso, and the last act was sung as well as the first had been; Tho opera camo to an end ; Gennaro, having duly died in great agony, was called before tho curtain to receive, with his suppo si-ti-tious mother, a final tribute of applause, and then for the first time I thought of looking at the play-bill. ' Gennaro — Signor Claudio Dimarelli.' ' Claude Dumarlay, Italianised,' I said to tho Count, as we left the theatre. ' That re moves all doubt !' ' Yes,' ho replied ; ' but I knew him tho moment I set eyes on him.' , ' Ho is not tho only ghost of the past that has risen beforo me to-night,' I said, and was proceeding to speak of the Russian woman, when the all-seeing Count interrupted me. He had recognised her as soon as I had. 'Put these wretches out of your mind, my dear Baymond,' ho said. ' They were not in it when you went to tho theatre, and a littlo effort will drive thom out again.' ]But even as ' he spoko, and as we crossed the street which skirted tho rear of the Opera house, wo saw a dense crowd collected round the stage-door, and soon gathered from tho scraps of conversation around us that Signor Dimarelli had been accosted, upon leaving the theatre, by a low woman, who had not only claimed him as an old friend but had assaulted him upon his repudiating the acquaintance. ' Tho traps is taken er oft to cholcey I shouted one delighted gamin to another, and in a few minutes two constables made their way through tho throng, dragging between them— struggling, yelling and blaspheming — Glika Nasilovitcli. ' I thought as much,' said tho Count, as, liaviug seen thom disappear into tho neigh bouring police-office,, we pursued our way to tho railway-station, whither Walter and Paola had preceded us. (To l-e continucfl.) 