The Use of JJfla^Xowtker. { Mil. Lowtheb isja very nBeful man to "thfe Torjp Party, and to the Liberal. To ,: theformer, he is an admirable electioneer 1 - ing lecturer, who can say precisely the things electioneering agents are paid to say, but with a force and in" a way no agent paid for his services can attempt to Tival. There is never, and neifer can be, such a rush in the stream cf an agent's rubbishas there is in Mr. Lowther's—a rush to carry the foolish off their feet. , The moment an election is toward any ' "where in the North, or, indeed, any parly gathering at which the Tory chiefs do not . care to appear,Mr. James Lowther enters on the scene, and makes a speech of a kind which, if it gladdens his ene mies—andhemakesagood many, say 10,000 a week, not counting Irishmen— undoubtedly inspirits hisfriends. There . seems.: to be so much dash and " go " in his oratory; it basin it so much of the political ^publican, that coming, as it does, from an aristocrat with a certain air of convictionabouthim, it has for men to whompublican eloquence is delightful a never-ending charm. Englishmen like hardhitting, when.it is oniheir own side, and. an oratoT - who . sits down .amid, a -chorus>of." Didn't-he give 'em it well?" : is ah orator who in a sense and in a way • succeeds. Artistic swearing is a gift, , like another ; and in a: crowd, to whieh swearingseeriiB "to set off conversation \- mightily," it always elicits a rapture of \- .applause. . It is a pity Mr. Lowther should be reported,: for his speech, when read by people who can think, loses; half its attraction,, which lies in a icertain suitability ti> its audience, and the bold blundering of its total drift becomes too palpable; bnt when only spoken, it is as effective as the big drum in military . music. The drum is neither melodious, nor harmonious, nor expressive of mean ing, but it accentuates the impression we call ."effect." Mr. James Lowther has not a trace in him of political mind. He has never offered a suggestion which was of the slightest help to statesmen, or cast light upon-any obscure problem, or even felicitiously described any course of policy. His notion of commerce is that you should never buy what you want of anybody who will not buy of you, for if you do you lose, and put your money to waste. His notion of diplomacy is that \- you should/take all you want, and if other nations do not approve, should scold at " them or fight them till they do. His notion of remedying distress is to tax —imported^'bread, because then farmers could pay high rents; and then the land lords, being rich, would boy all that the taxed artisans make ; and his notion of „ governiug Ireland is to send, away the Irish. He told his hearers at. Stockton, on Tuesday, that "at the risk of con-! siderable misrepresentations, he had never hesitated to affirm tha& a well-considered and careful statesmanlike scheme of emi gration would be the true remedy for many of the evilB of Ireland." Mr. lowther is, probably quite sincere, and dcie&3iot even know that his panacea has been at work for forty years, without his result; that the population of Ireland has sunk three millions.since 1842, and is de dining every, year, entirely through the operation of emigration ; and that, never theless, the Irish difficulty seems only to grow more chronic. With a mind, -Mr. Lowther would be almost formidable,— would rank, say, with Lord Cranbrook ; and in epite of his incapacity for thinking, or perhaps in consequence .of it, lie is, in certain places and before certain audiences, ' a ;inost ;effective:ipeaker. He- has, in splendid - measure the courage of his credulities. He has ,the art of repeating, . in sentences sometimes racy, though „ seldom hjitQonrous, and never witty, all the floating charges which partisans half iejidve and half invent, and are delighted yAHo hear sent bask to them in an authori tative way. Mr. Lowther, like Mr. Glad stone, gives back in a flood what comes 'to him in vaponr, the difference being mainly in the quality of the water, which when, the object is rush, does not greatly matter. All the wild credulities, all the half-felt malignities, all the floating hatreds of an excited crowd, all the angry humours which it mistakes for convictions, reach' Mr. Lowther's mind, are received, believed, and thrown back as formal \- charges. He has the strength which \- comes from unconsciousness'^ the absurd. If he hear3 angry people say that Mr. Foster has been intrigued, out of the 'Cabinet, he immediately thinks thatquite probable, and makes a formal change with as much readiness, and probably as much conviction, as if he had been present when his imaginary intrigue was being prepared. Mr. Chamberlain is a Radical, conse quently, he is potentially bad; conse quently, if anybody says he intrigued, \- that may be, must be, nay, is, the inter ■ pretation of the facts. The Government . is bad, the Parnellites are bad; conse quently, any agreement between them may have, must have, nay, has an "in \- famous " basis. The belief once gene rated in. Mr. Lowther's mind, no amount of denial has the least effect on him. Like a gardener who is told, that the barometer is against his view of the weather, he thinks the statement one of those in which the foolish cultivated men believe ; while " he, being a plain man, knows different." Many Tories have a way of accounting for their defeat in 1879 "l>y attributing to Mr. Gladstone a sort of daimonic power of enchanting and deceiv ing the people of Euglahd. The result was due in their hazy thoughts, not to any long-maturing appreciation of ,the mean ing of a Tory regime, not to the six years' experience of Conservative government but to the speeches, in Midlothran and Mr.. Gladstone's marvellous power of misleading common folk. Mr. Lowther is much attracted by that explanation of the facts, as much as peasants are by legends attributing all wonderful natural objects to the Devil, he quite believes it, and, in every speech he makes, describes all that happe&B; or may happen as the natural consequence of the Premier's "reckless rhetoric." To an audience hungering for what Mr. Lowther calls "racy things," by which he explained at 1 Stockton that he meant, broad abuse, that, kind of charge is delightful. The " u nth oughtlike thoughts that are the ghosts of thought" in them, take flesh and bones at-once. To utter such charges is to hit hard, and to " give it 'em ;'1 and they think the speaker, who is only \- vulgarising their owri'. thoughts, quite a . hero. =. Of course, if Mr. Lowther were only a lecturer, they ; would only partly enjoy such utterances; bnt being a " Lowther, and a J*rivy ,CouncIUor, -and one who has carried many elections, and ■ a man—how inconceivable Jit now seems ! —who was once set to, govern Ireland, .his sentences make ^thoughts they are half ashamed of, yet roll under their tongues, seein quite, gallant, and they respond-with genuine cordiality. Uobody draws more cheers, or heartier cheers, from a Tory crowd than Mr. Lowther; sad though we can hardly believe that ho i h&B; ever made TorieB, lie lias certainly i made TorieB more enthusiastic, bolder, and perceptibly more indifferent to, reason and facts, and that ia for tHB. party an excellent result. As a politi cian, Mr. Lowther is not to be named in the same hreath as Sir Stafford North cote ; indeed, he hardly belongs to the order of serious politicians at all, being better described as the enfant terrible of the Tory household; but as an election agentrm the North, he is worth three of his leader, and is invaluable to his party. There!; Are numerous voters who are mentally roughs in the Conservative camp and to them Sir Stafford's smooth talk is just what the Laf&tte; was to Punch's Lincolnshire farmers. It is very fine wine, and, of course, it is a great compliment to be offered it, bnt after a bottle "they don't seem to get no forrarder." The liquor Mr. Lowther offers is a little coarse, perhaps, to re6ned palates, even distasteful, but nobody who imbibes it freely can affirm that he 41 gets no forrarder." A veiy little of it, taken with "abandon," makes the listener- intellectually drunk. Its only defect for its purpose is that it; is, of course, sometimes a little thick. Mr. Lowther should study Cobbett, and learn Tiow a certain simpleness of style improves the quality, without spoiling the flavor, of the coarse invective intended for the masses. - They like their assertions "strong," but they like them unconfussd. We have said that Mr.. Lowther is use ful to Liberals as well as Tories, and so he is, in this way : he lets Tory feelings out of the bag. He cannot let designs out, for he does not know them, or arguments, for he does not appreciate them; but he can let ont feelings. "When he has spoken about Ireland, or Mr. Gladstone, or foreign policy, or home affairs, Liberals know; not indeed what Conservatives think aboutthoBS things, but what they feel about them when they are keeping themselves under any restraint. They know how the Opposition, if unrestrained by its soberer judgment, wonld like to treat Ireland for being discontented, and to punish Mr. Gladstone for caring about the people, and to fight foreign nations for having : objects which are not English and to des pise the British people for being deluded ; and that is veiy useful knowledge. Mr. Lowther's speeches are not, of course, fair guides to the apprehension of Conserva tive policy, for the Tory leaders, to do them justice, are not Mr. Lowthera, and would propose plans a little less strongly simple than his ; but they are fair guides as to what the rank and file, if the party were utterly triumphant, would like to do and to be. The Mr. Lowthers under a Tory Administration are allowed a good deal of scope, and it is well to know how they. would use it, if restraint were once withdrawn. Mr. Lowther is never re strained, and, therefore, gives just the necessary hints. It is a little unfair to take them, because a party should, after all, be judged by its chiefs, and is hardly responsible for the utterance of its ex tremists; but parties.will be judged so, and Mr. Lowther, therefore, unconsciouly makes 'many Liberals, or rather makes many Liberals strong. There are Liberals with a waver in them, whom his speeches quite convince that for them. Toryism is impossible ; and Liberals who are indolent, who feel as they read them that it is time to be up and doing. They can stand many things, but the prospect of being ruled on Mr. Lowther's principles and by Mr. Lowther's methods excites in them a horror which is a little extravagant—for Mr. Lowther affects much of his oratorical brutality—but which tends to keep chem faithful to their party. They almost all belong to the class which has for its grand doubt about Radicalism that it is the usual creed of " the mob," and when they regard Mr. Lowther and his audiences, and read the sentences which elicit rap turous cheers, their doubt is quelled. He shows them, too conclusively for denial or question, that rowdyism is not confined to one political party, and that it is per fectly possible to be a mob orator, and yet a Tory of the deepest dye and the most prominent class. Agood, solid Wesleyan, for instance, who is not exactly an instinc tive Liberal, hut who has accidentally been induced to read Mr. Lowther's speeches, might, we imagine, ever after be trusted to adhere to the Liberal faith. That kind of political thinking, at all events^ is impossible tor Him. —Spectator. The condition, of the Russian people, as described by our (S. M, Herald) St. Peters burg corespondent, is going from bad to ■worse. The Slavonophiles, tbe Liberals, the Nihilists, and the peasants are at war with each other; the persecution of tbe J ews continues, .and -widespread incendiarism glares over all. In this accumulation of terrors, too, the opinion is firmly held that war with Germany is inevitable at no distant date, as the situation has gone beyond the control of the Czar. Sitter articles have appeared in the German National Ztitung ridiculing Slavonophilism, or what is termed the "National party," and declaring that whatever is good in Russia has beenborrowed from the East and the Greeks, or from the French and the Germans. A Paris journal discusses the probabilities of war between Russia and Germany, and in summing up the strength of each nation in men, money, implements of war, valor, and patriotism, it is, perhaps, not surprising that the French organ leans towards the superiority on the whole of the Russians, particularly in the financial element of war. The most terrible portion of our correspondent's revelations is the description given of the depravity of the youth of Russia, and the fact that it is bronght about by the political state of the country.. .Mere children are not merely embryo blackguards and thieves, but mur derers and. incendiaries—in the latter crime often the agents of persons who induce these juveniles to fire places, so that if caught they escape extreme punishment on account of their youth. Our correspondent declares [ that just now " one half of the Russian Eeople is occupied in spitting on the other alf, in mutual contempt and denunciation." An incendiary fire at Teesdale, Carcoar, did damage to the amount of £'200. Kero sene was found near the stack and shed burnt down, and the police are investigating the occurrence. Sampson was tbe first actor who brought down the house. "You've shot your granny" is the American equivalent for the English saying " You've found a mare's nest." Josh Billings has invented a pocket-jack boot. You put your foot in your pocket, give a spring into the air, and off comes your boot. A man being tormented by corns, kicked 'his foot through a window, and the pane was gone instantly. Worry kills more people than work, and laziness—though many will scarcely believe it—kills inore than both together. " It's all a matter of taste," as the hoy said when he preferred a piece of gingerbread to a picture-book. Talmage Bays—" Men of talent and commanding intellect are never good dancers." That is the first time we have seen any public allusion to our awkwardness in dancing. 