NORTHERN JOTTINGS. By an Ithvr-b. With unfeigned delight the cricketers of Clare in one loud voice exclaim,' Veni, vidi, vici' and they can justly make use of that Latin quotation to express their feelings. It would, however, be a charity for them to lose a match, if only to curb their exu berance of spirit when driving into a town after conquering a foe. They rend the air with hurrahs -and songs, and that is how they proclaim victory to the populace, but in my opinion their proclamation is nothing more than « diabolical row, setting the curs barking and sleepy infants howling The Burra men, as I faithfully predicted, sus tained a crushing defeat from the hands of a comparatively weak team. As an on looker, I thought that the Clares could have put them through in one innings, but I may be wrong in this respect. Thanks are cer tainly due to Mr. G. Maslin, who so ably assisted the Clare club in its campaign. He is a capital all-round player, and would be a valuable auxiliary to any team. In deed, but for his scores some of the matches would not have ended so satisfactorily for his side. In batting Mr. Bright seemed to have considerably fallen off this season. At one period ef his cricketing career he was always good for double figures, but of late he has not been so successful. At the Burra he was got at cheaply, making nine runs in the first innings and nought in the second, but I dare say the time will again come when this able and genuine cricketer will compile his wonted large scores. I think I hear him say — ' Perhap9 so, Mr. 'Idler,' but you must remember that the glorious uncertainty of the game is pro verbial, and just now I am suffering from the ' uncertainty' part of '^the affair.' Oh, fickle goddess, treat him kindly. Under the heading of ' Age of Excite ment,' and signed *' Shoddy,' the annexed letter appeared in the Wallaroo paper — 'In conspicuous places at Moonta, a la mountebank,, may be seen immense posters with— 'McNeil is Coming!' 'Ah,' said our friends, 'who the Dickens is he? Circus, Pinafore, comic entertainment?' ' Oh, no, he is an evangelist.' Times and customs have changed, and whereas Jesus Christ and His Apostles were unobtrusive and worked quietly modern evangelists have found that the children of this world are ?wiser in their generation than the children of light; indeed, they are driven by this go-ahead and advertising day to diverge slightly from the old lines and put on a bolder front. Our friend said, ' Hem !' and coughed. What could he have meant by it?' The prospect of the poor farmers is dis tressingly ominous — so dark indeed that it may be compared to *'a black woman look ing down a dark alley, on a dark night, for a nigger baby, among a flock of black cats.' I don't think that the public will lend Wapstraw much pecuniary assistance, as I learn that funds for the purpose of buying seed wheat are not rolling in as rapidly as could be wished. My experience has taught me that in this cold world it is each one for himself, and ' the devil take the hindmost.' So the shareholders of the Clare Jam Factory have resolved to close the place up for a season, now would it do to rame tne con cern and divide the spoil ? At any rate it cannot be consoling to those who have sunk capital in it to see their money lying idle, without a ghost of a chance of any returns for an indefinite time. Had a less expensive structure been built preserves might have been made this year, and the result would have been more satisfactory. Certainly the season has been a bad one, the drought being so severe would not admit of the fruit coming to that perfection it other wise would have done had the year been more favorable, but what little there is is better than none. It is evident to an observant eye that the company when in full swing will consume more fruit than is grown in the district at present. It is therefore ad visable for those interested in the industry tc plant a sufficient number of trees to en sure a good supply. Having a mild attack of the 'jumps,' and in order to dissipata my moody thoughts, I proceeded on Tuesday even ing last to one of your sacred edifices to listen to the theological teachings of Mrs. Bay^ ? (it's no use, Mr. Editor, I can't spell such an outlandish name). I was not particularly impressed with what I heard. Her anecdotes (and she has a varied supply) I thought were far-fetched and emotional, but as they met with the approval of the congregation I was satisfied that the lady was doing good work. She prayed long and earnestly for the ' two wicked young men' who persisted in winking at the pretty girls. The infidels ! to lauph at the human form divine in petticoats. Shocking ! How ever, personally I felt morally and phy sically refreshed with the winning manner of the lady's discourse, and poor Tom Moore's lines went flitting through my brain as I left the church — ' Disguise our bondage as we will, 'Tis woman, woman rules us still.' The forty odd thousand Maoris in New Zealand have the fee simple of about 14,000,000 acres of land, much of it being of first-class quality. One cannot help re gretting (the Rangitikei Argus remarks) that such a vast tract of territory should re main a wilderness when there are in the mother country so many of our kindred who are hungering for the possession of farms of their own. 