, - , |[ i ; , ? j i ^CRUMBS. ' A conference -f the Presbyteijan Church.es of the colony is litting in Sydnejr. The death is announced of Doctor Charles Hubert Darwin, the eniment naturalist, and author of the Origin of Species,' at tli© age of 73. ?' ' / Thore is notHng that strengthens a man's honesty so miuh as to trust him: suspect him, and you weaken his faith in himself and in everybdly else. Curiosity is pmetimes easily satisfied. If you want to k ;jw whether the hornets are at home just taj yith your cane on the nest and they will me out and tell you. Eomale etni r&tion; to Canada j— Miss Le p rancor (readi r.\ Lord Lome's speech on the subject): ' 1 j further west the 'young woman wont t ®-more offers she {jot!' — ' Oh, mamma, let u %o to Canada, as far west as s | possible!' — Ptich. _ ! . A paper we ih is being exhibited by a ;'y Dresden watcl^haker. The parts are so made as to permit pi the movement being fully ? i, \ m seen. A Freich paper watc&' has been taken 1 W for a model. The paper is prepared in such f a manner as tc render the watch as serviceable L as those in geieral use. \\\ The practice of colonial parliamentary I i procedure is ccten referred to in the House of } Commons, ani it is expected, owning to the time lost in cctnmencing a Bill de novo on its re-iutroductich that 'a proposal will bo made in the new rues to take up bills in a new session at th- point where they left off in Committee. The con traitors for sinking trial holes on the lime permanently surveyed for the proposed railvay from Blayney to Corcoar, have met witi rock in only a very few instances, th». cutting being chiefly decom posed granite, and very cheap so far. The line will probibly cost less than two-thirds of the amount (.stimated for the Blayney and Murrumburrrh railway. j The younj man out Wallendbeen way who lately totted out in the dead of night, and chased some straying stock in his night habilaments, must not flatter himself that he was the sole (ccupant of the road. A couple of young lad* acquaintances have since had \ a hearty lauga, though they did not laugh \ when they first sighted the peculiar A phenomenon floating along in the breeze. ™ It was very nuch like a ghost. The Australians, after all, are likely to i have an opwrtunity of seeing Jumbo, the ' Court of 1 hancery having decided the Council of he Zoological Society have a perfect right ;o sell the animal to Mr. Barnum if they choo 3. The ' children's pet,' 'how- ever, 'has ye to be got on board ship, and after he hajhbeen shown to the American nation Mr. Bf-vj\um will take him and the whole of thg '^V iiagerio across the Pacific to Australia^^.. jiing next year via the Suez Canal to Jp Mr has been recently making oyn ar im JfTw/f Srete rhea d, with the object of rendering in a storm sufficiently calm to allow ships t-t enter harbour safely by pouring oil up'$L the water, obtained a successful resulUn March 1 . The sea at the entrance to the j prth harbour at Peterhead was running higs, and the water was broken, but as soon as tl ! oil apparatus (a force pump with 1,200 feet 4) lead and iron piping) was set to work, theiiir way at the mouth of the harbour became perfectly smooth, and the invention was prnounced a success. The recent im] u-tations of fresh meat from Australia st em t have woke* up the Ameri cans to renewed nergy, and a company — the Direct Americaij Fresh Meat Company — is now being forinei in London, with a capital of £200,000 to iii'jiort fresh meat from direct sources on thfy American seaboard and k elsewhere tp iii. United Kingdom. It is stated' tliatji contact has been entered into ^ with an otablisied American company to \ supply forfive y^/rs carcasses of an average r 'mm weight of ioOtbs. teach at the rate, of 21 dols. LBf per carca8f, or ab\ut l|d. per lb., including m killing, dnssing, tooling, wrapping in cloth, m and deliveihg alorgside ship free, on gondi W tion that ii-the prdits such as are- .estimated I are realised they aiall share in any excess beyond tel per wnt. in equal proportions with the jlireholcbrs of the company. The ^VM?a Exjress says : — On the side of the Mur xpbidgee near Cuba station, there stands tl ) framewu-k of a cottage, with an iron ro.o thereon, presenting .the appearance of a sma open shel. This structure a year or so ag was a comfortable cottage fitted up with bu cs, tabid door, window, fire-place, &c.;, forae accoamodation of a wandering class of aggers who meander up and down the rive : from station to station, and who assume le more fpuphonious designation of ?travelle . But mese vandals have, piece by piec taken tlm bunks, &c.;, for firewood, instead : going a short distance to gather it in the I ih. Thill reducing the ' travellers' hut' t its pregfent state. The hut in jiv questio is a f par specimen of a great number l! j of plao similarlljand generously erected for / f f ' the acc imodatiotl of travellers, and similarly J !,/ 1 wantoi roducedMo ruin. tfy Hen s a samp e of American bragging. Speak: ? in Congi iss on the question of de mands the relit ,se of American subjects impris Bd in Irel md as ' suspects,' a Mr. Eobin . is repel ;ecl to have said -c No countf modern, had ruled with an ironitJj^Bkhly wd tyrwroioally as did Referring to the news paper G;jl ;\|®ra||)n his course, he said he could nfr' .?'.MS^rosontatives of the press to do MRDislgll Was there any coward who ha| n.iif|f|i American pen and con trolled thfn11y|K|an press who would say that thG)tamu^P?s could not Tiondon P JJe, h(, ,Miiil undertake to take Ijondoil ~1|i|| tho expense that'Yicks imrg h*V' IIo had boen as |saultfr Tem| liglod ferocity and filth of J^e fhd inter^pjp^iocat because he- had istoorv citizenship and the jglor.iPost office® According to Mr. W. Matchett, the trus tees of the South Gundagai Commons meet on Sunday. He should get them brought before the P.M., who would 'find a way of dealing with the desecrators. 'An outcry has been raised respecting a police circular which has been issued in Ire land, to the effect that the escorts of magis trates will be held blameless if, suspecting an attack, they should shoot innocent per sons. Mr. W. E. Forster, the Chief Secre - tary for Ireland, has admitted that the cir cular is indiscreet. Choice Irishisms : — A Connecticut paper says in a. case of suicide : ' ' He blew out his brains after bidding his wife good-bye with a gun.' The following is an Ulster epi taph: 'Erected to the memory of John Phillips accidentally shot as a mark of affec tion by his brother.' But the gem of our collection is an advertisement from an Eng lish paper: 'A piano for sale by a lady about to cross the Channel in an oak case with carved legs.' Impounded at South Gundagai, on 16th April, by Mr. Maclean ; sum due at date of notice. 13/3 :— Tellow bullock, u over, s near ribs, WA over n near ruinp, both ears marked; red and white bullock, ijs near ribs, both ears marked ; brindle bullock, it over s near ribs, WA over IS' near rump ; roan and. white bullock, like tj over s near ribs, WA over N near rump. To be sold 11th May. Impounded at 'Clarendon 31st March, from Sandy creek, by A. F. Macdonald Brothers ; damages and driving, 7/ ; sum due at date of notice, 17/ : — Bay mare, black points, TP near shoulder, aged, 15 hands high. Also, on the 11, from Wantiool, by James Hawthorn ; damages and driving, 5/ ; sum due at date of notice, £1 ; red bullock, white belly, cock horns, a worker, jg over No. 6 near rump, triangle and like No. 6 inside near thigh, like c near ribs, de off rump, triangle like No. 6 inside off thigh. To be sold 4th May. Impounded at Frogmove, on the 18th April, from Frogmore : — Gray mare, like EC or eg over like ^ a near shoulder, aged, brokon, about 14 hands. To be sold May 11. Impounded at 'Wombat, on 15th April, from Wombat: — A dark bay Horse, like (-3 # near shoulder, star in forehead, hind feet white, saddle marked. To be sold 4th May. 