MOODY AND BONAR. 1'uring the Conference at Northfield, Mass., one afternoon, Mr. Moody catechised Rev. Andrew Bonar in regard to certain points that had come up in the discussions. The chief questions and answers are as follows: — Q. How ohall we wait for power ? as the disciples waited at Jerusalem? A. "Tarry ye at Jerusalem" las nothing to do with us. In our case waiting is not litting still and 6aying "God mast make the first advance to me." It is waiting with eagerness. A telierer should wait upon God, and yet attend to his work. Constant fellowship with God—communion with Him—this is waiting. '-They that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength." Q. If a man is out of communiou with God, ought he not to wait for power P A. Without communion with God a man cannot wait upon Him in any Scriptural tense. Q. What kind of preaching does the Iloly Spirit ire ? A. He takes the things of Christ and shows them to the soul. This is His office. Thns he will aever bless preaching that does not show Christ. The preaching he can bless is that which unfolds Christ' saving work. Dr. James Hamilton, of London, was much admired for the literary qualities of his dis courses, and was tempted to be carried away by them yet he said: "I do not always do it, but the best preaching is the simple preaching of Christ crucified If your hearers are God's people, they will certainly delight to hear it. If they are not His people, then it is just they who need to hear it." Q. How can this be done from the Old Testament ? A. The Old Testament is full of Christ if you look ior Him. What better text thau " As Moses lifted up •jhe serpent ?" I think I can find Christ in every book af the Old Testament. Q. Suppose a man says the Spirit has given him fresh revelation. A. Ask him if it is in the Word, or is it a new word. If the latter, then it is of the devil, The Spirit only enlightens our understanding concern jng what is in the Word. Q. Is the Spirit more easily grieved than the Father sad the Son ? A. We ought to be very careful about entertaining an}- such idea. There is no such teaching in the Bible. The heart of the Spirit is the same as ahe heart of Christ, and of God—the same tender, longraffering heart. When Christ was about to ascend, He Mid : I will send you another Comforter." Q. Is not conscience a safer gnide than we think to t>e the prompting of the Holy Spirit ? A. That may be answered by asking another question, ''Is not a vetch better than the sun ?" Before Adam fell no doubt the human conscience was reliable; but it is far from being so now. Conscience was not made the standard of right, but the law. When we were under she law, the law was needed to show us sin. The Holy Spirit is now our guide. tj. Was the Spirit with Jesus before it descended in the form of a dove? A. Certainly; it was with Him from infancy. The Spirit was not conferred upon Him at the baptism. The dove was but the manifestation of what was already in Him. • Q. How much of the Spirit can we have? Scriptural measure : pressed down and running over. See 2 Cor, ix. 8, and watch every word : " God is able to make all grace abound toward you; that ye, having always lufficiency in all thing's, may abound to every good work."' Q. Is it right to pray to be " baptised " of the Spirit ? A. No ; after Pentecost, the word used always " filled " with the Spirit. Q. How is man to know when he is filled with the Spirit ? A. The Spirit is to " take the things of Christ 3D if a man is filled with the Spirit he will speak only of Christ. He will not be puffed up with new revela •lions. Q. How long do wc have to wait to be filled with the Spirit? A. When men have been called to a special work special gifts have come before our asking lometimes. The Lord often gives what we are going to ask before we ask. What is the 6in against the Holy Ghost? A. c I b o There is one thing perfectly certain, and that is that Ihere is no sin that cannot be covered by the blood of Christ if the 6inner will ask forgiveness. The sin not to be forgiven is probably long-continned resistance of Ae Spirit carried to such "a point that the Spirit forever leaves that soul, and the soul it3elf becomes so indifferent as never afterwards in this life to ask for •?ardo a.— OLrldent. 