\- AT THE BUTTS. l!y breech-loader. i It is somewhat remarkable that though the ports of New South Wales are (so far- as "slops " are concerned) open to. the foreigner, and those of Victoria " protected " against him, drapery, wearing apparel, boots, shoes, etc., to the value of about one million i sterling, are annually imported into the free by the protected State. How account for this on the cut and dry fiscal fallacies in which the soul of the doctrinaire Free Trader rejoices ? Do you like cranberries ? To tny mind, cranberry tart is quite ambrosial. Why i speak of it, is to let you know, that the Yank has discovered that the cranberry (" Vaccinium oxycoccus palustris ") will thrive on dry lean soil every whit as well as, if not better than, 011 swamp lands. A large American grower of this delicious berry recently tried the experi ment of raising it on upland, with good result. He planted the vines on an old worn out pasture, and they took root and grew finely, their fruit growing more pulp than those grown on bog land. I mention this to you because all that Von Mueller says about the British cranberry in his " Select Extra Tropical Plants " is (after giving its habitat, etc.,), " the bcrrtca give a moot agrgpablo preserve, and arc of anti-scorbutic value. This species is particu larly eligible for the spongy mossy bogs of snowy mountains.-' One may now add, on the testimony of the beforementioncd Yank, that ii is still more eligible for " dry uplands. " A banquet to Parkes, with Alfred, Duke of Edinburgh, in the chair, will be unpleasantly 1 eminisccnt of the O'Farrell times, when eaves dropping was developed into an art bv the raiser of the Kiarna Ghost — when, as ' Free man " once put it, the sly eavesdropper Extemporised a " lug " like royal J ames To snare a victim. Why that action shames. With an irreparable, undying shame, Ribbon and star and so-called knightly fame : And by good rights requires that cook, with cleaver, Should lop the spurs from off the mean deceiver. Here's quite a romantic yarnanent the floral wreath which, by the Queen's direction, was placed by her representative at Washington upon Garfield's bier : — As the coffin was removed from the Rotunda to the hearse at the close of the ceremonies a bud from the Queen's wreath dropped off, _and a high officer of the Government took it home to his wife, who was confined to a sick bed, and put it in a glass upon a table by her side, and informed her that there was a bud from the wreath sent by the order of the < Queen. t The next morning the bud opened, and disclosed in the centre of tlye llowcr a beautiful white dove. As the invalid Jookcd mi p on_t his, _t o_he r,_miracu lotis m an i fcsut-_ tion — for she never before had seen a flower of the " Holy Spirit " (perestera elata), and did not know of its existence — she exclaimed to her hus band that it was a revelation to her that she was going to recover, and she began to mend from that moment, and in a short time was perfe.ctlv well. At Yeovil Marsh Church (England;, the daughter of one of the churchwardens, in de corating the chancel, placed a floral cross on the communion table. The other warden, on noticing it at the next Sunday's service, walked within the railings arid threw down the cross ; whereupon the decorator's papa " went for " his colleague, and, catching him by the collar, chucked him down amongst the choristers. This was being at " cross '' purposes with a vengeance. The Land " mania," which is 011 the increase in the metropolis, forebodes a big, a very big smash indeed, before very long. ' Many a poor devil is marching along Jericho wards, never dreaming of thieves, flattering himself that his little " spec. " in allotments on the ' grandest site in the colony " will turn him rent per cent. But the thieves will turn up before long in the guise of foreclosing mortgages, and then the dreamer will awake and find that it was -not a dream, but an enticing swindle. Poor Tom Hughes, the author of Torn Brown," and the founder of the Rugby Colony in East Tennessee, has realised the folly of his land mania. The victim of Boston specu lators, he. now finds that the lands they en trapped him into buying won't raise paying crops. Verily, as the Rev. Plato Johnson observes, " a fellow will nebber know 'zactlv " wat dat story means 'bout de pore feller da't "went from 'Rusalem to- Jericho an' had " ebberyting he had on his pusson taken away. " an' was leff nigh on to half dead, and couldn- " tink. wat excuse he'd make wen he got. home " for his 'lapidated 'peararice till lie goes down -"among de land Jobbers." The same divine adds, of his own personal experience, ' I don- " mean to say I fell 'mong thieves, cos some " one told mc dat mose all de big operators was "church members, so I s'pose ebberyting is " 'bove board, but I do mean to say wid tears "in my eyes dat my 'spectations of untold " riches was all nipped in de frost of adversity. " an' dat de only ting 1 brought away wid trie " was some werry sad experience." . 