The Chronicle, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 23, 1882. News and Notes. In consequence of prt-ssure on our space our leading article is held over. A vacancy has been caused in tbe.Shire C uncil by the dealh of Sir Alexander Rnchanati, who was one of the members for the North Riding. An election to fill this vacancy will be held on Thursday the 7th of September pro*. N<,miiia'ioii papers and deposits Mill be received at Cameron's store Lismnrp, by Mr Wm. Cimcron, up to 4 o'clock on Monday the 2Sth iiist. The principal business in the Legislative Assembly this week will be the Railway Construction Hill. A vote will be taken as early as possible on the fltli clause of the measure, which rclitcs to the erection of workshops, the couiiex'ou between Spencer street nnd Flinders-street stations, and in. cidentally to the plans f,ir a central passen ger station. The remaining clauses of the bill will then be proceeded with, and after wards the third clause will be recommitted i to citable the House to rcc-nisidcr subsec tions, which were merely passed pro forma. The layiug of the rails on the line to Cam perdown is proceeding very slowly, in conse- I sequence of the inadtqnate supply of mater ial. Notwithstanding tnat a largo supply of ■ rails has arrived in Melbourne, very few fiud their way to the Colac atid Camper- I down linn, and the cnntiactors arc nnableto push on with the work. At Eaglehawk a pulilic meeting was held to urge on the Go vernment the nccesiity of supplying the con tractors with material for the rjilway to that place as soon as possible, and, we believe, with success. At the rate the rails are ar riving for the frmperdown line, it will not be completed before Christmas, and unless a little more expedition is shown in sendin" up material, it may be found necessary to tako similar steps to those taken at Eagle hawk. It is becoming abundantly evident that the only way to compel the Government to atteild to our wants is to agitate for what we dcsiic. The R.M.S. Rome will bo despatched from Melbonme at 7 a.m. on Tuesday, August 2i)tb. The times appointed for closing at Camperdown are as follows :—Money or ders at 12 udon, and registered letters at 6 p.m. on Saturday, 26th ; ordinary letters, papers, and [rackets, at 11 a.m. on Monday, 28th.- The Shire of Kynclon was sued in the Supreme Court on Saturday by Patrick Smyth, a farmer near Kynctoti, .to recover damages for loss he had sustained through a horse of his falling into a hole, in one of the roads of the shire which had been left unpro tected.; .Tho .jury gave.n verdict for plain till, with damages to the sum of £20. This case has an important bearing on the closed j roads question. If the thousand miles of roads in tho Hampden Shire were opened we should have a nice little bill for damages to settle at the end of the year, because it would be simply impossible to keep all the roads in repair, and accidents would happeu every week. Wo have much pleasure in calling atten tion to Mr C. E. Jones's advertisement in another column announcing tho establish ment by that gentleman of "tho Bureau of Literature" at bis residence, 222 Gore street, Fitzroy. Mr Jones is admirably qualified to assist'the studies of. adults who desire to master tho facts and philosophy of history, and as a teacher of the art of public speaking he can have but few superiors. We are in formed -that the Railroad Tracklayer, of which Mr. Jones is co-patentee, is attracting very great attention, and from what we can learn of its merits there can be no doubt that its introduction to this colony is most op portune, as well for the patentee as for the pnblic, as it will lead to a great cheapening of railroads without diminishing safety. Wo shall bo surprised if the device is not utilised by the contractors before the laying of the line lo this town is completed, Mr. Archibald Forbes, the famous war correspondent, will probably visit the WeS tern District in about five weeks time, and if we like to make arrangements, and guarantee him the necessary fee for a lecture, we shall have an opporlu ily of hearing this wonder ful man, wilh his special gifts and peculiar experiences. We nil like to be told about wnr», especially by one who was himself an eyewitness' of the stirring events he nar rates, and, judging by the recent military enthusiasm which has been evoked in our midst, this subject would prove particularly interesting now. We have not the least I doubt that our Mechanics' Hall won Id be crowded to hear Mr. Forbes if he lectured here, and that no pecuniary loss would be sustained by those who might take in hand to guarantee the lecturer's fee. it is an op portunity which should not be lost by our townspeople, and they will do well to at once take in hand to arrange for a visit from the "king of specials." Our friends in Colac have guaranteed him £25 for a single lec ture, but it. is understood that it will be ne cessary for Campcrdown to guarantee a like amount before Mr. Forbes will visit this part of the district. The death of Mr Alexander Buchanan has caused deep and wide-spread regret through out this district. The deceased gentleman was well liked by all who knew him, and especially in the neighbourhood of his resid ence his loss will be deeply felt. He was a good friend to the needy, and he gare with a liberal band where necessity called for it. His remains were brought to the residence of Mr. S. V. Ruckland, Newtown, Geelong, on Sunday evening, and were interred in tho Church of England portion of the Eastern Cemetery on Monday afternoon The corttye, consisting of about twenty ! vehicles, left Mr Buckland's residence shortly before three o'clock, and pro ceeded to Christ Church, where the usual impressive burial service for tho Church of England was performed by the Her. Canon Goodman. As the coffin was being conveyed from tho church to the hearse the " Dead March in Saul " was played on the organ by Miss Goodman. The cortege then proceeded to the Eastern Cemetery, where the Fu-.v- Canon Goodman performed the last rites. The pall bearers at the grave were:—Sir Charles Sladeo, and Messrs. S. V. Buckland, — Laing, Jno. Wilson, and T. Hoadknight. A resident of our town was. a few evenings ago, reading one of Miss Havergal's poems on " Mischief Making," when suddenly a noise was heard, and the lady of the house called attention to the presence of an unex pected visitor. A sedate gentleman present attributed tho cause of alarm to imagination, but presently an opossum was noticed climb ing up the curtains. He climbed on until he reached tho pole, on which he perched him self, and sat gazing about the room. The stranger was soon dislodged by the help of a kitchen broom, and made a speedy exit by the front door of the hou'e. An intimation was mado a Sunday or two since by Mr. Morton that his assistant, Mr. M. Graham Hart, was expected to begin his duties in and around ('amperdown on tho first sabbath of next month. The Royal Fire Insurance Company have appointed Mr. R. J. Bowley their agent in this district. The Royal is said to be the I wealthiest Company in the world. Mr. Bowley will give every information to in tending insurers. The annual'mcctinc of the Hampden and Hetesbury Society will be held at the Leura Hotel ou Saturday next at 2 o'clock. Office bearers and a couimittrc of management for the ensuing year will have to be elected, the programme for the forthcoming show drawn up, nnd other important business transacted. A full attendance of members is therefore desirable. Titanga, the estate of the late Mr Alexander Buchanan, near Mount Elephant, is one of the prettiest properties in the colony. The deceased gentlemen sjiared no expense in beautifying the grounds by artificial tree planting and other improvements, and Titanga more resembled a picturesque rural homestead in old England than a colouial sheep statiou. A successful meeting of the V.A.T.C. was held on Saturday last at Caulfield. The weather being beautifully fine, there was a very large attendance, including His Excel lency and suite. Business opened with the Sapling Stakes, which fell to Mr. D. S. Wallace's grey fill}, Ducnaa, by Lecturer, with King of the Forest second, and Honora third. The Hurdle Race, owing to a mistake made by the rider of Merry Maid, was shorn of its interest, though the victory of the favourite. Rhesus, who is owned by a_popu lar sportsman, was received with acclama tion. The Amateur Challenge Cup produced I a good race, but owing to Fdith, who came in first, having gone inside a post, the stakes were awarded to Glowlight. The Ghost performed more kindly than usual, and easily appropriated the Selling Race from Respite, Scipio being a poor third. The Grand Na tional Steeplechase was one of the best jump ing races ever seen, tho wiuner being the Rallarat hone, Left Bower, who won with out an effort from Chrysalis, who was se cond, with Jack Scandal third. Mr. W. Glasscock added another to the many caps he has won by successfuiy steering Don Quixote to a victory in the Amateur Flat Race, .flambeaux beiug second, and British Lion third. We havo received from Messrs. Byron, Moore, nnd M'Lcod, of the Exchange, The Victorian Pre** Manual ami Ailvtrtieer'* Handbook, with a new map, showing the localisation of the Victorian newspaper pre<s. The manual will'le found extremely nsefttl tn advertisers. Referring to the snhject of advertising the compilers say:—"lt is an unchallenged and incontrovertibleexpeiienco that the most remarkable instances of mer-' cantile pros|icrity have appeared as the re sult of urge and liberal advertising." The cricket match between the Australian Eleven and a United Eleven of England was continued on Friday. The United Eleven had on the previous day scored 196, and the Australians 27 for the loss of one wicket. They were all disposed:of for Ml. The United Eleven then went into bat, and had made 131 for the loss of si* wickets, when the stamps were drawn. On resuming play tho following day, the home team only ad ded 20 to their score, the last wicket falling for 115 tuns. This left tho Australians 207 I runs, to get. They, however, only succeeded in potting together. 187, thus losing the match by 19 runs. ' It is evident that the Government are do sirous of losing no time in completing the long deferred railway to the bonier. Mr Bent last week informed Mr. Connor that, as some £130,0C0 bad been saved in the Kail way Bill by the actiou of the House in eli minating certain lines, he proposed to bring under the attention of the Cabinet the ad visability of continuing the line from Cam perdon-u, ria Hamilton aud A pale v, to the South Australian border, aud he believed the amount so saved would be sufficient to con struct it. The General Sessions at Warrnambool were opened before his Honor Judge Nolan on Friday. There was only one case on the j Sessions list, in which John Ansley was charged with being on the premiss of Mrs. Fox, at Warrnambool, with an unlawful in tent. The jury remained locked np for six hours, and they were discharged without i agreeing. The prisoner was then remanded I to the Belfast Assizes, which take place on the 6th October, After a protracted trial, tho Jury acquitted tho mm Robert Francis Bums, .who'"'was charged with the wilful murder of Charles Forbes, at Deep Lead, on tho 10th December last. Some 54 witnesses were examined during the trial, which lasted three.days. Their testimony encircled a network^ of peculiar and suspicious transactions against tho prisoner. The jury probably gave the priFoncr the benefit of the doubt as to the body being that of Forbes, on account of there being no proved motives which might have actuated the prisoner in the committal of the deed. As soon as Burns left the pre cinct B of tho court, after being acquitted, he was re-arre-ted on a charge of feloniously murdering Michael Quinlivan, near Wick liffc, on Ist July, 1880. The prisoner, in answer to the charge, said "I am not guilty; I'll say nothing." A seebnd warrant also fekists against Burns for the murder of a man in South Australia. Suspicion was raised at the time, but evidence has since been pro cured which is alleged to show that the mao wns poisoned by Burns. Tho prisoner was brought before the City Coart on Saturday morning, and remanded to Hamilton. The police believe they have a very stroog case against Burns f. r the Wicklifie murder, of which the following are particulars :—On the 18th August, 1880, a magisterial inquiry was held by Mr. J. H. Alley, P.M., at Wick cliffc, on the body of a man, name unknown, found dead in a paddock at Rerdy Creek, seven.miles from. U'ickcliffe. Mr. Alley's finding was one of wilful murder against somo person or persons unknown. Dr. Win. Jones, of Lake Route, who made a pott mor tem examination of the body, stated that death must havo taken place about six works previously, or shout the let of July. The cause of death was fracture of the skull, and the wound was supposed to have been in flicted by some blunt inrtrument. Subse quently it was discovered that tho murden d man was one Michael Quinlivan, but who the murderer was, remained a mystery until a few days ago. Circumstances which arose on the arrest of Robert Francis Rums for the murder of Charles Forbes on the 10th of December, 1881, at Deep Lead, led the police to believe that Burns was the murderer of Quinlivan. Of this case, and of another of which Rums is suspected, we give full par ticulars in another column. In summing tip in the Deep Lead murder case. His Honour Mr Justice Williams al luded to the want of care and energy on tho part of the police in not finding the clothes of the deceased n.an until March, while the body was fonntl in January. The police are somewhat incensed at his Honor's utterance, as it is understood that the country tv the locality abounds with scrub. They allege that it was mere accident that the clothes were found at all, the country having been scoured for three weeks after the finding of the body by about ten men and a number of dogs. This is what the Leadtr has to say about the Grass Tree plains experiment:—The "Grass Tree plains" i?u*co is worthy of the present self-styled ''Farmers' Ministry." No one but a |>crson utterly ignorant with respect to agriculture and soils would ever have dreann _ that grass-tree plains country could possibly be fit for farming. In suite of a condemnatory analysis from Mr Ncw bcry, however, tho Minister of Agriculture has insisted upon undertaking expensive contracts for fencing and ploughing, nnd now it is found that the famous experimental area is unapproachable, owing to being several feet under water." The Leader is toi prejudiced against the present Ministry to give them credit for anything good. A meeting of delegates from various agri cultural societies was held at the National Agricultural Society's roms, Kiik's Bazaar, on the 15th inst, to consider the advisability of having fat stock of all kinds sold by auc tion in the Melbourne yards, instead of in the present manner. Several gentlemen, among whom was Mr Fiskcu, advocated the sclliuir of sheep by auction. There were two who opposed any alteration from the present sys tem and it was decided to allow the further consideration of tho subject to stand over until the Gth September, the 6rst day of the stud sheep g..lrs, when the questions of the present market rates and the commission charged by agents "ill also be considered. In consequence of what appeared in the last issue of the Liceimtd Victuallers' Advo cate a number of publicans have been refus ing the notes of the Federal Hank. Hand bills have been circulated about town, asking the public to refuse the notes, but it is as sorted by members of the association that they have not been circulated with their authority or knowledge. This action has been taken on account of the attempt made by the hon. inembei for North Carlton (Mr Xlunro). who is also managing director of the Federal Bink, to |iass a Local Option Rill through the Assembly. If this action has been taken by publicans c dlcctively a criminal offence has been committed, bnt any person individually j 9 allowed to refuse a promissory note on the bank. Owing to the serious depredations commit ted by f-jxes, principally during the lambing season. Mr. M'Phcr.oo, proprietor of the Laverton estate, near Williatustown, ar ranged for a fux baltnc on Saturday. A company of 30 to 40 gentlemen, armed with guns, asaemb'ed about midday at the hou.e station, where they were hospitably enter tained by Mr. and Mrs. MTherson, after which the grounds were beaten right across The result, however, was a complete failure, as, although three fox«s were seen, not oue of them was shot. A Highland piper made the place lively during the afternoon, and it was maliciously observed that the skreel of the pipes was the signal for the departure of the f,xes. Reynard has evidently no ear for music. 