WHAT'S IN THE NA ME t Br Pbutbtre. [What Arabi Pasha fought for—The watch on the Bosphorus—Russia Protestant and purgatorial—Pope Pius IV., a.d. 1563, ratifies tho Popish error of St. Paul.] It seems to me, O esteemed reader, that the late Anglo-Arabi Pasha war in Egypt, has had one result of which Reutcr's cablegrams hare made no mention. Tho war in Egypt would seem to have brought out into more distinct and prominent view that nil the.mere local or national European political questions which constitute the standing anriety of rulers and statesmen, and which form the warp and woof of cabinet councils and diplomatists, • have evolved themselves from their rtiore restricted spheres, and are grouping themselves around tho broader and more momentous question, " Who is to be master of Constantinople ?" Momentous this question is—1st, to England, for it touches all her dearest interests, her honour, and her life. 2nd. It concerns Russia as deeply as Englaiidj although in a different way ; and it concerns her more than any Other European power, Eugland excepted. Russia not only desires to be master of Constantinople from simple ambitions love of conquest nnd acquisition, but from a hereditary hope and expectation of coming in upon an ancient birthright, ft family inheritance of the Muscovite Gears, as descendants of the old Byzantine Constant.ines, whose daughter intermarried 1000 years ago with a Grand Duke of Kion. Who else has any such claim as - Ahie to be master of Constantinople ; and having this claim, why should not Russia dream of it day and nigh!., and evermore contrive plans to realize the dream ? Then there in Franco whispering in Russia's cap, .and .dejieatdy inciting her to push her. claim as far as she can on every convenient oppprtunity; but only in whispers does France thus flatter Russia's pretension", and becaUBQ North Grennauy lias one Prince Bismarck for Chancellor. Then there is Auetrjs, watyhing what Russia will do, and Italy watching what France is doing in Tunis, which is a part of the Turkish Empire, and Rends tribute to Constantinople; and there is North Germany watching both France find Russia in all they Ray and do at Constantinople; and thus we see that tho question of, Who is to be the master there on the death of the Sick Man, is the very point where all European diplomatics meet, and keeps all the great ambassadors awake and vqry watchful ou the banks of the Bospborus. That there is to be a general break-up of the Turkish Empire would appear to be the fopegone conclusion of ail the great European powers ; but on what grounds ? Not, surely, through Sir garnet, Wolseley's success over Arabi PasJja. Arabi Pasha has still 200)000,00.0 .of sympathisers behind him. Fjom Plevna,to the Kbyber Pass, from the Oxjie, in .high north Asiatic latitudes, to Natal and the Cape of Good Hope in Southern Africa, from Jerusalem along the whole north.coast of Africa to the extreme limit of Morocco, Arabi Pasha has Mohammedan brethren ^vhora he may count by many tens of millions. Has Sir Garnet Wolseley'R vi.otory at El Eebir oonquered and converted all ilieso to modern European oivilisation p Ijl^ebir wjas a battle between Mohammedan civilisation modern Western European civilisation! It was nothing else, from the nineteenth century point of view. Hjohamraodatiism forced itself into Europe 400 years ago, wedged itself in botween Europeau Christian civilisation and Asiatic anti-Christian civilisation, and thorn H,,f$n.s .remained to this day as a stono wall bptwepn Europenju influences and tho influenoes of Confucius, Vishnu, and Brahma. it has ita own peculiar "civilisation, and it was for this that Arabi Pasha fought. Ho did not fight against tho English simply as an invading nation, but as tho enopiies of Mohammedan civilisation. The Khedive, Prince Tewfi^, favoured modern European ideas about trade, commerce, taxat ion, representative government, and even in such sumptuary matter« as female dress find social qtanners. Arubi Pasha saw that European i^eas on these point.B would sooner or later subvert Mohammedan civilisation in toto, jjnd the Islam faith nlong with it. Therefore he fought to uphold • Mohammedan idoas. Hp was HRcretly enoouraged by the Sultan in thjfl quarrel, for the Sultan, the reigning Caliph, „,and "Father nf the Faithful" J^tohammedaps all over the world,'could not e^peoted t9 support ,a very anti-Mohamipefltin ,mp^oiuent in Egypt any morq than at,Iponst^ntfnople, and from first to' last tho WATiM* Eiff.pt was, in fact, a war by England fljgainBt tiiBiJurkisli Sultan, and through him agjj.\n»t, n.riiinuf i AUtfnimipoaau Mnhummnniui .civilisation pi vil i wntinn everyjipjiere. i jluoidpotpJly, tbo warhasbrought out nvhrv. ijiorp clearIy.$^ufrof<>re :what the j«iine of the g«^at,^uri?ppan, ppyvqrs f jLs, ang what' stakos ^ ^ tor,. >nd{ £ba|i .now- all jSuropwiti politics impinure niore or lessdireoUy on thd question, ' " ^ h o 5 » e l i f t s w r . q f C"nstjvn- ^iroptp r ' and il^ab^.'ioia the Ipay of Jkstern M lyqJLl &V; Wester^ sjipreinacy. . v;. ..'AKD^Thbn? Then EiMwaaan^-ciriliaaUion would be ^fg^titvnipjre clo^TTa^^toTpe .with Asiatic 1 nopolitan predominance gvre hi* nfune to that renowned city, then the Gross would be on a, fairer vantage ground in its evangelical progress towards China, and the other Asiatic nations. Ah ! jny esteemed reader, only think what a war this would be. 350,000,000 of Chinese, and 100,000,000 Hindoos, and 100,000,090 Mohammedans, to be conquered to Christ, and all in Asia. When does divided and subdivided Protestantisiii propose to have all these gathered into its contradictory folds ? If Russia, with her 80,000,000, only corrected herself of her chief error in disowning the spiritual authority of the Vicar of Christ; if the Patriarch of Constantinople, and bis Czar-Pope and Supreme Head of his Church, and all their (lock, returned to the Unity of the Faith, so that the missionary strength of the Church should neither be hampered by ; schism, nor hindered by heresy, then might' we rrjoice in beholding tho Russian Czar seated on the th'rone of the first Ooristantine ; and a prayer now and then for this,O esteemed, will not cost, you :i day's pay, nor deprive you of a Saturday afternoon's sports. The war in Egypt may be over, but there is a more fierce "and deadly war ever going on between revealed truth and infidel falsehood ; and every prayer breathed by a Christian heart is an arrow discharged at the onemy. The population oF Russia is said to be 80,000,000. These are all schismatics. They call themselves the Russo-GTeeek CnuucH. They were reconciled to the Papal See at the General Council which was concluded at Florence, 11-31. Tho Emperor, John Pulreologus, came, attended by the Patriachof Constantinople and a large company of bishops, to the Council. They discussed their doctrinal differences, and concluded by joining in a solemn Mass of thanksgiving, at which the Nicene Creed was sung both in Greek and Latin. Afterwards the majority of them relapsed into schism. But 20 years after tho Council of Florence, the Sultan, whose residence had been for some time at Niccn, mustered his forces, made his assault on Constantinople, took the city by storm, when the Christian Emperor, Constantino l'alneologus, was slain, and the block shadow of the victorious crescent fell upon the prostrate Cross. But low as the Greek-speaking members of the Church were sunk, 1st, by their schism, and, 2ndly, by the triumphs of the Moslem Caliphs, they never sank into such a dept.h of blind irrational absurdity as Lutheran and Calvinistiosl misbelievers have done in denying the existence of the dark underground region preparod by Almighty God for the temporary detention of the souls of men, whether good or wicked. And if a Russian missionary and a Hindoo came to converse together about the invisible world, the schismatical priest and the pantheist Hindoo would be agreed concerning the existence of . fin Intermediate State, which the Russian would call 'Purgatory, or the place of eanetification; arid in this conord they would bo joined by St. Ambrose, Bishop of Milan, who received St. Augustine nto the Catholic Church. 1400 years ago his saintly prelate composod the hymn Te Deum Laudamus, n that occasion of Augustine's baptism, and n tbiB hymn, in the 17th stanza, we read as ollows :— " Tu, devieto Mortis aculeo : Aperuisti CredentibuB Regna coelorum." This verse, translated in the Protestant Book of Common Prayer, is as follows :—" When Thou hadst overcome the sharpness of death Thou didst open the Kingdom of Heaven to all believers." There is no Latin word in St. Ambrose's hymn for "all." The word " all" is arbitrarily interpolated. But what we have more especially to note is, that the nujna cmloritm, the kingdoms of the heaveDS, had beeu shut. Not only wias the gato of the Garden of Edeu shut when Adam and Evo were expelled for their transgression, but the gates of the celestial realms were ulso closed against all tho souls of Adam's posterity, and remained closed until Christ came and died upon the 1 Cross, and made atonement for man's sin. In the moantiine, where were all the souls which had departed this life during the 4000 years whioh elapsed between the death of Abel -and .the death of Christ? They did not ascend to the regna cmlorum, the angelio Edeu, where God discloses His effulgent glory in that beatifiu vision which. to see is the bliss of heaven. No sohl ever went up, but all went down—down to Hades, to Sbeol, to Hull, and there they remained in captivity until Christ's soul wont down and anuounoed their deliverance, that is, of the souls which had died in,peniton6e and faith, and in hope of that redemption. St. Ambroso, speaking as the Churoh of Clirist; believed 1500 year* ago, says, , In the Te Denm th^t after Christ had oyerobme the sting of death, that,is, after He had risen from the dead, lie opened the upper kingdom in tho heavens, cfcienlibus, U) those who'believed. Ho, had, as the prophets foretold, "burst open the gates pfheli, and brokon its bars asunder." When His conquering BOgt ^ tjamwiided- inio -hell," the attendant host of angels preceded it, proclaiming His approaoh, and thte dealon® cowerea and' shrank' abashed a« thit beauteous noul entered in among 'the gflttfl adoring souls which had so long awaited flit arrival. Falling prostrato, th'ejr bowed before that heratd soul of Christ which came to release them -from < ; thrir ptwon. 6t'. MftttheW 61, 62) Save that In the instant of <Jhtlet'« dtatiij fa<m«at His Tioul left the body^on, thfe i Ofcfos, s " ! vefl 1 -%hieh di*lda& tftSba&ofWhgffewfeh; temple from the Sanotuary—a oitt'Wo**'«Hfc woven for the purpose, and three inches ty thiokness, and mnst have been at least fifty feet long—this veil or curtain was torn in two, from the top to the bottom, and that there was an earthquake which rent the rocks of Golgotha; and then St. Matthew adds (v. 52) that, after the resurrection of Christ —after Christ's soul came back from Abraham's bosom or Paradise, or tho hell, or dark place where the souls of the good had been so long in captivity—*'after His resurrection many bodies of holy people, who had been dead, arose, and went into Jerusalem from tho cemetery, and appeared unto many." This proof of the power of Christ, and of t he efficacy of the atonement He had made, prompt,s everyond to ask, " Where had these souls of tho saints been ?" In Hades, ot w1,ich down in the <j, v\aKn, Stl Peter speaks in his 1st Epistle. As the Jews said, these souls had been " gathered to the souls of their fathers." Where wore their fathers' souls ? In Slieol, in the subterranean waitingplace. Christ set them free to manifest the completeness of Ilis victory over "death and hell," that is, over hiin who brought, death upon nil men, and caused their detention in tho gloomy region under the ground. Christ remained forty days on earth after His resurrection. What was He doing all those 40 days? Teaching His eleven apostles how to act as adminiHtrators of His Church and Sacraments (Mat. xxviii. 20, Acts i. 3), and, as St. John gives us to uuderstand, arranging the order of His triumphal ascension to the heaven of beavons —regna cailorum—and to tho throne of God. When all the preparations were complete, Ho led them out two miles from Jerusalem to the Mount of Olives, and, after a few parting directions to the eleven, the asoent commenced. For ten days tho exultant procession continues its awift and marvellous flight through distant stellar systems, and as the redeemed and rescued train came near the gates of heaven, Bhut during 4000 years, the multitudinous choir broke iuto moro joyous strain, and sang, " Lift up your heads, ye •rates; and be ye liftod up, ye everlasting doors, that the King of Glory may come in" (Ph. ;xxiv. 7, 8, 9). And then the angel guardians of the gates, cherubim, no doubt., with their flaming swords, who had kept faithful sentry through the agei>, these inside sang in response, and said, " Who is the King of Glory and, as the ohoirs outside responded, the shining gates of the golden rit.y of God on high were thrown open, Christ and His captives, ransomed and delivered from Hell, Hades, Sheol, entered tho rcgnn cmlonun, aud all tbo army of the skies fell down and adored the Redeemer as He sat down on His eternal throne. In that instant the pxaces of the day of Pentecost were poured out on the apostles. The Holy Ghost rested on them, and the "new creation dawned ' upon the liberated world. For my part, O esteemed reader, from what I find in tho Holy Scriptures, I am as fully convinced of the existence of the Intermediate State as I am of oalled Hades, or Sheol, or Limbus, or the Prison, or Purgatory; the name is nothing to dispute about, and the place is a necessary adjunct of the gospel covenant. Three localities I distinctly trace in the Bible: Heaven, Purgatory, and the Fire Hell of the unbeliever aud the impenitent. Or, if you prefer another designation, there is Gehenna or the firo-hell, Abraham's Bosom or the place of sanctifying detention, from which, when God pleases, the soul passes up to the third plaoe, Heaven. Practically, there are but two stales, for whoever goes down to purgatory, the limbus of tho penitent believer, is virtually entering heaven. It is only a matter of time. Whatever enters Sheol, or Paradise, or Abraham's bosom, or prison, only enters the waiting-place or ante-obamber, from which the soul passes to heaven when prepared for heaven. Purgatory is the ntrance room to the King's marriage supper, Where the pure aud spotless wedding garnent is pnt on. The Doctbine of the Church. In tho XXVII. Session of the Counoil of Trent the fathers decreed that " There is a Purgatory, and that the souls therein detained are helped by the suffrages of the Faithful." This is the authoratative teaching of Christ's Holy Oatholie Churoh conceiming Purgatory. The Counoil spoke the mind of tho Church of God on earth in regard to the Church under the earth in Sheol, or Hades, or that part of Hell in which tbo departed faithful souls repose. Tho Churchdoesnotspeakof thososonls whioh, like the soul of the rich man referred to by our Lord (Luke xvi.), descended into the fire-Hades, or prison house of the impenitent who died in their sins.. Our Lord's soul did not descend into this fire-Shuol. His death upon the Cross did not apply to them. His merits did not reaoh.to their case. Their day-of grace wa§;past. - Their time of salvation: was over., n®l»ejr- -r^'ppted, the; grace of God, and they, had descended jpto the plabe of temporary pnmshmont,. waiting; in foar for the day of -final do.Qin?rfien they should be cast into^.^taislof er VOr Hadw.; the " lake of fire " preparod for the deviUnd bis angels .<2 J?etor iit / ^ e v %Gi Rov.; to; ibring them. tlW afad they must atoide foy'rtwfl)? 0 we • ;C%>»t # wnildesoendedifito disc,where the 8twU>f AJwftWWMW* f ? ^ Mmrtlthe eoulsof thpJPftMw^hs and prorfi^ TrhoAiedinfaitfe <Hoh- W S ^ S ? ! charity. The thedreadfulgulf, y riwned wide between «ns pesweful abode of thetroOd andthe^ewa^/ke-tieU where ifceaitfh doner cried to momenta reliefiThetwopliWw^i^fos piOM souli W the a ^ j ^ 8 flWfcwj itre iuacfed bfli.bg. togV^^ We learp from THE AwmftOTHES OP Josbphub ot from his Fragment, that the Jews'i n tu h|ne of our Lord on earth, balTwd tw tljere was a great and massive g aC4 h tl portals at the entrance, to the road I» 7° by which thp souls departed were taK^' Wn either to the Hades of rest ^ to oi Hades of fixe. The J ^ b d i S f e this entrance, ^visible to mortal eyes constantly guarded by a band of iJZ appointed to that dnty. In at (hi, S entrance all souls were led by oth ef anwl, fi • Vl ,'°" 1^al f 0 t,,ls ta8k assigned by Almighty God, as we read m St. Luke that the bouI of Lazarus was carried by ancels into Abraham's Bosom; and these convonne angels chanted a psalm of joy as thoy conducted the holy souls down by the road on the right hand ; while demons were permitted to drag tho souls of the. wickcd down to Gehenna, or the fire-Hades, by a road which branched off to the left. Though the dividing gulf was wido and deep, the two regions of Sheol were open to the view of all t.lie souls, good or bad, as we read that the rich man, being in torment, looked across the chasm, and saw Lazarus conversing with Abraham. This Jewish belief, which is so perfectly in accordanco with what the the Evangelist Luke records, was never rebuked by our Lord. How could it, or why should it ? It was His own belief, and the belief of His apostles, whom lie sent to leach nil nations, and teach it they did, wherever they went, and thus it has come down to us, and thus, as mombers of the true Church of Christ, it is required by lier to be belioved as an essential article of the revelation of God. I shall not insult the intelligence of esteemed Catholic readers by any impertinent attempt to prove that this belief in Hades, or Sheol,or the underground prison of departed souls, in uo way derogate* from the full, complete, perfect, and nilavailing sacrifice and satisfaction made for sin on Calvary. Tho thought of such consequence is rank, raring nonsense. Purgatory is a most merciful application of Christ,'s merits to the vilest, who, before they die, will repent and make an act of sincere contrition. Repentance must be in this world. " There is no repentance in Sheol" (Ecclepiasf.es xi.). An unhappy sinner may rcceive the grace, of repentance even at the eleventh hour of a inis-spent life. His net of true contrition being also an act of faith, procures his justification and exemption from eternal punishment. But, though pardoned and absolved, is the sinner, therefore, so sanctified as to be fit for entering into the presence of God, who, infinite in love, is also revealed to us as a consuming fire (Heb. xii. 29). I think it would be very rash to say he was, considering: the ecstatic sanotities of heaven, and that for 60 or 60 years he haled even to hear of them. Christ, therefore, opens for such late repentants another door of mercy, and commits the pardoned sonl to the purgatorial sanotification of Hades, to he prepared for the Holiest of all. The New Version. It has been said that the reoent version, or reoension, of the New Testament by Protestant divines has left no trace in the sacred volume of a "carnal roedifevalpurgatory," whioh was supposed to exist. The answer is, that it is a childish misconoeption to imagine that there has been any alteration in the fact, doctrine, or localisation of purgatory since the Middle Ages. There has ever been one, and only one, purgatory revealed in the beginning, believed in by patriarchs, and prophets, and apostles, and by Christ's one true Catholic Church to-day as firmly as by Moses of old. Of this purgatory Christ spake- To this purgatory St. Peter refers. In this purgatory St. Paul assurei us the souls bow at the name of Jesug. St. Jude and St. John allude to this purgatory. How, then, the translators of the late Protestant version have obliterated purgatory, that is, Abraham's Bosom, that is, Paradise, from the New Testament is not at first sight very evident. October 2,1882. 