^ \'M i sWhere the Day Begins. :i ;';'' ;3br,.time each day begins at midnight ; in ;'/.piacei at the 180th meridian. When it is ;,' -midnight at Greenwich it will be, let us say, '??' Wednesday for 180 degrees east and Tues day.for 180 degrees west, tho 180th meridian ; .. dividing the two days. If a person crosses '' 'tiie 'meridian, coming east, he sails out of Wednesday and into Tuesday. If he goes '^eslward. ho sails out of Tuesday and into _.-j Wednesday. It is never the same, day all around the world excepting when it is strik t;''ing'ihidnight on the '180th meridian'. One ..hour after it is midnight 15 degrees further 'west, -and -1' a.m. of .Wednesday (say) at the meridian, Wednesday extending over 1-5 degrees of the surface of the earth, and i'Tnesday over the remaining 245 degrees ; in other.: words, the new. day extends from :, the 160th .meridian west to midnight, wher '-??'; eyerjjtliafc .maybe, and the old day extends ...from the 180th meridian east till it meets ': ::i; the new' days at midnight. Reversing it, it is the new day from midnight at any'point '. U on the earth eastward to the 180th meridian, «'-. and the old day westward to that meridian.1 It does not mattter upon what parallel of 'latitude yoii cross the 180th degree of longi tuder^whether at ...the equator or the Arctic eWei— the old day is always east of it, the \---new -day west of it. In orossing the 180th; meridian- ships add or drop a day in order .^tb'keep . acourate time. A steamer sailing j'aiwesti'i from- San Franoisco for Yokohama, comes to the meridian at 10 a.m., Tuesday. Her bow drosses, and in the forecastle it is Jj.O-a.ni., Wiednesday, while in the cabin itis '.'-. 10 a.m. of Tuesday. A moment later it is 10 a.m. of Wednesday iu tho cabin also, and Tuesday is left behind. Twenty-four hours havo been added to' tho reckoning, but no time has: been actually gained. A vessel sailing eastward reverses this, sailing out of 10 a.m. Wednesday info ,10 a.m. of Tuesday. It may be*aaked, ^ WJJit bbcomos of tho 10 a.m. of Tuesday ,,tha? was^ieft1 behind?' That 10 a.m. of ?' Tuesdaj* was1 twonty-four hours old; it began on tne)ijie?idan'twent3' four 'hours previously, travollod westward around the world, and was then ready to give up the ghost and lot 10 a.m. of Wed nesday begin its journey. Each hour of each day begins at tho 180tn meridian, travels westward for twonty-four hours, and when it arrives again at tho meridian tho same hour of the next day starts. The whole arrangement is an arbitrary one, agreed upon by Christian people in order to simplify reckoning, and the 180th moridian is selected for tho beginning of the day becauso it is in the middle of the Pacific Ocean and avoids the complications that would arise if tho day began at a moridian running through a thickly populated country. — Illustrated Syd ney News. 