dr. beaney's dinner. doctors of the future. When, a fow days ago, I found on my table tho attractive oblong pasteboard which in< JormH thorocipiont that " tlio Vico-Froaidont of the Students' Modical Soolotyof Victoria, JauiCH Goorgu Bcanoy, M» D., F.R.O.S.E, roquouts thoploasuro, otu.,otc., "my invariablo and unflagging good humor wils roused to a pitch which was, aa Don Boioro Canolli says, " Jolly, I might oven Hay jovial," for Doctor Boanoy ih tho vory host of, iiohik, ho drawa up a bill of furo which would appoaso the ghost of Bi'filat Savarin/accompauioa it with a wino list fully worthy of tho nscoumtiou, ontruBtn tho execution of bin wishes to acatorercivpablo of carrying thoin out Htiporbly, (ajpuff of which I hopo Mr Ciemouta will bo duly sontible), and last, and boat of all, gives his gueslH thofcoliog that ho in honobtly glad tosoo thom and to nmlco thom happy. This, too, was a Hpcciul feast, for It.was givon to tho Ktudonta of the aforonaid jsocioty, and .was the first occasion of tlio hind at which they had boon called together, I need hardly say "tliat on Saturday night anyone who was not too much occupiodwith his own inovemontH to notico mino would lmvo romarkod that I arrivod at C.nO p.m. sharp, aud found a half grosa of guests all roady, and alt in that atato of ploa- aurablo anticipation whicli gives tho groatost zest to tho festivitios ol lifo. I hopo Dr Boanoy was half as well plcasod with his studont gucata as I was, ami us I think most of tho scoro or ho of old stagorn ho had biddon to join thom at their foast were. I think wo would most of us have dined on dry bread gladly to sco all thoBO fresh young fol lows onjoy tliomsolvo?; to hoar thom clieor as if thoy meant it, as thoy most naaurodly did; to seo their ovidont appreciation of all that was honestly worthy of admiration amongst thoir procoptors and profoHsnrs, aud also amongst oach other. I havo |boou at not a fow dinnors whon Doctor Boanoy was host, and at a fow whoro ho was guest, but £ am somewhat inclinod to think that this was tho greatest suscoas of thom all. For tho choors and goodwill of tho young aro spontaooous and unaffected. They spring from tbo hearty and thorough boliof that thoy aro well-dosorvod, and thoy indicato a warmth of fooling which doos not always last into lator life. J. think that tlio vico- pro- sidont of tlio Modical J.Socioty may proporly congratulato himsolf upon having brought tho students together, and that thoy may feel proud of tho institution to which thoy belong, of thoir officers and of each othor. Proudest of all, I am woll assured, must Dr Beauoy have boon, whon, aftor it had bcon discovered that by somo miacimuco or unothor tho toast of his health had not boon propoaod in tho placo whoro it might properly havo boon oxpoctod, ono of tho young gontlomon, Mr Cutts, who had rccoivcd tho champion prizo, boing prasBed on tho spur of tho moment by his fellow students into tho gap, rose, and, in pcrfoctly woll choson aud appropriato language, which dorivod an added charm from a moBt modest and manly manner, romcdied. tbo roistalco, and supplied tho oniieBion, Tho bocoming dillidenco of tho spoakor, his dotor- miuation, notwithstanding, to conquor it, and to do justice to tlio duty his frionds had placed upon him, and tho just and dLscrimi- uating opithots with which ho indicatod tho exact obligations undor which tho students folt thomsolyes towards thoir host, woro. oach and all admirable. I einceroly hopo that his prnfossional care or will bo as brilliant as his beat friends could dosiro, aud I rogard his capital impromptu! spooch as tho bast proof obtainablo .that thoso who chargo nthloticism with damaging tbo Intollootual qualities of Young Victoria aro mostly noodles. Thoao young pcoplo whose devolopinont of lnusclo is suppasod to havo pro- vented their development of brain aro usually given credit for n quality which they did not possess to begin with. It is good for thoso who havo not brains to havo musoles, without which they would havo nothing; but there aro plenty of follows, who havo both brains and (muscles too, who find that the sound mind works best in tho sound body, and of this sort thoro woro any number proaont on Saturday, with Mr Cutts conspicuouo as tho leading witness in the case. It was a pleasant sight to hoo Dr Boanoy beaming nwny nt tho hoad of that handsomely decorated table. Ho was supported by Dr Erownless, Dr Blair, Dr Niold, Dr Gillboc, and a round dozen or so of woll-known pooplo; and the ploasnntost sight of all was that of the students who mado up the bulk of the guests prcsont, I am not going to record all that these good pooplo said. Everybody will un derstand that thoy drank tho usual and propqr toasts, and mndo what may bo callod speeches appropriato to tho occasion, Ono quality of speech I may record in commendation of tho esteemed host, and that is tho brevity of hisora- tions. Ho does not inform you, for instanco,that t( wherever a body of Hor Mnjosfcy'a subjocts nro gathered together thoro is one toaab, which nover fails, otc."Honnuounces tho toast in two words, and tho company furnish tho loyalty. How thoso mighty young voico3 chorussed God Suvo tho' Queen. to bo suro. There's a something in tho first notOB of that grand ol(l air that so stirs the' blood of our raca that all oyes . brighten, and all hearts swoll, and all voicos peal at onco in harmony, I havo seen dolicato English Indies riao instinctively in crowded foreign theatros when thoy havo hoard tho strain, caring nothing for tho fact that except to thoir oars tho ' notes had no meaning, and that thoir action mado thom tho obaorvod of all obsorvcrs. It is vthb most unselfish and dovotod of all national hymns. It has not a thought for tbo singer, but nil for tho person for whom it litorally prays, and to my mind the first linos of the second verso, if not indood the whole of it, aro nsshnplo and nolomn as any prayer in our litingy. Thobriof utterances of tho . worthy Doctor woro v of course roliovod during tho ovon- iug. by a variety , of ( ' spcochos, ' same congratulatory) as, those of tho proposers of tho toasts wore mobtly; Homo conciliatory, as wore tho bulk of tbo acknowlodgomonts; and one or two denunciatory, as witness the fine oration in which Mr Gillbeo propoaod the health of tho press, and attlioaamo timo ad ministered to its inembors a castigation by which i trmt thoy all benefited. I did, i know, for a waiter, seeing my suffdringa,quiotly rofillcd my glass from a bottlo of vory good Sauterno, and so onnblod mo to boar up under tho punishment Mino, I may say, was vicari ous Biifforing, for i haven't tho least idoa what it is that tho press has done to annoy Mr Gillbcc, and I am suro that, what'- vor it was, I had nothing to do with it. Perhaps i may hero put a caso to Mr Gillbeo and otbors of hi3 calling, who hnvo, apparently, a little projudicongamst mino, A day will como, and quickly too, dear sir, whou ovory ono of those bright boys you spoko to will tako his placo In tho world, to oarn his broad for himsolf, may bo, and at any rato to roako his own name, famo and position. They will not all bo senior surgeons of this and that institution, and presidonts of suoh and Bitch associations. Thoy will sot np thoir modest habitations in romoto villages, will work hard for small gain, will faco dis tanco, hardbhip and trouble cboorfully, and will bo, as medical men very gonorally aro, thank hoavon, tho trusted frionds - and cbiofoat earthly hopo of thoBO around thom Well, sir, wherever thoy may go, thoy will find close by tho country doctor tho country journalist,' fie watchful of thq wolfaw of (ho community; as thoy aro of iih boallh ; working hardor ovon than tbey do, and for smaller pay still, working, loo, without tbo oncouragomont thoy havo, without oveu eeciug, ah thoy soo, tho good toward which ho has contributed. When tho doctor finds a plague Hpot it is tho journaUnt who never rests till it is orndicntod. Whou llio doctor linsdiscovorod acobo of distrosB it is the joui nali&t; who dins into thu oarH of tho rich tho duly of helping tho poor, and givon his own uiodoat mito ns frocly as tho doctor himsolf to help tho list. Lastly, whon tho doctor has eorvod mankind, has savad tho sick and succored the needy, it is tho journalist who sings his praises, expatiates on his merits, and secures tholr recognition; who defonds him whon lie wants dofouun, and rojoiccs in his succcBH. ih it worth while, therefore, to toach thoao young follows a distrust which they must unloarn, a disliko which thoy must find uureasonablo. We had somo good songs aa well as some good speeches ; and hero again Young Vic toria como to tho front. Ouo young gon Ha inan, boing called upon by Doctor Boanoy, sung Tbo King's Champion, a line song, by Thurley Beal, which, I protest, I novor boforo appreciated, in a remarkably oxcollunt manner, displaying a good voico and much just musical omphaais and oxprosaion. Only that t know tho Doctor's inodosty would bo hurt, I would tako tho freedom to say that ho sang rcmarlcnbly woll himself ; but as it is I'll think of it boforo I say anything, Tho Doctor's warmest frionds cannot dosiro for Iilm any greater appreciation than was shown spontaneously by his guests, and ho iiqh ovory right to bo proud of the position he holds in tlio estimation of the young mon among whom wo aro to look, in days long distant I hope, for tho Bcnnoy of tbo futuro. It is a groat thing to win the affectionate trust and regard of the young, and Doctor Boanoy must lie congratulated upon his striking succosa in this, as in many othor of tho varioua objects to which ho has wot his hand in his timo. Gortani it is that tho iirrit convivial gathering of tho studontH of tho Modical So- cioty of Molbourno was duo to his friendly hospitality, and that whon the young soctoty attains a green old ago, and Saturday's guosts aro tho veterans of their honorod profession, the ovont will bo hold among thom in friendly and happy remembrance. BON VIVANT, 