As tho time for the eloctiun of throo ultlormen draws nigh we would remind buigessus that their day of power is at hand,' )vhen, if « they exercise their privi leges with iudgment and discretion, thev can put right men into thu right place as lawgivers for this important town. The retiring aldermen are Messrs Barrett, FY Hart,. und Henry. Button, .who -is joint proprietor of the Examiner. Mr Barrett, it is undei'stood, will not again seek the suffrages of tlie doctors for reasons alto gether apart from .the : position' lie occu pies in the public esteem, fur iu that re spect thu most cordial relations still exist; lie was returned at the head of the poll three yuurs ago, having by u 'lengthy period of prior service us an alderman given good proof of his quulificutionsfor the office, und his popularity has not abated since. Of the other two'gciitle-' men who retire, and will doubtless seek ro-oluctiuu, we desire to say a few words. Mi Hart, as everybody knows, is a worthy citizen, whose very nniuo and character would cover a multitude of municipal sius— and these iu his case are errors of omission rather than coniniis-. sion, Jus action in tlie Comicil being more passive tliau aggressive. Mr Button as pired to a seat iu thu Council ' in order to give more vent to his ideas upon small matters of detail which more properly be long to the paid functionaries of Uio Corporation, who either are, or ougjit to be competent to perform their duties without interference 011 the part of individual aldermen. As li newspaper proprietor Mr Button stands iu utt anoma lous 1 position before tlie burgesses. Tlio press should bo a check upon tlio Town 'Council instoad of beiug identified with it. AVJion tlioy aro associated together the in terests of the people may go to IBath. Wrongs may ho iuilictocl with impunity .when the press is gagged— and who shall say that our Town Council is nota happy family so long as tho alliance busts 7 Our loaders have doubtless often been struck with the unanimity of tho Town Council ; indeed,' so invulnerable had it become to attacks from burgesses with grievances — and their numo is legion — that successful efforts were made throe years ago, and again the year following, to introduce un infusion of new blood. No sooner, how ever, wore the novices installed in office tlmu tlioy who professed so loudly to ruu with the hare held with thu hounds ; their x>rojudices and high resolves about reform wore licked .into shape and swallowed by tho elder und more canny members as a boa constrictor would swallow a mouse. Thus vanished tlie well meant patriotism of some aldermen who ut first honestly desired to effect useful reforms. Return ing to tho nowspuper proprietor, we sin cerely hope that, for the credit of the fourth estate, he will take tho present opportunity to cast off' tho robes that sit so badly upon his sliouldova-ruuless in deed it can ho shown that tho Town Council cannot do without a Button. Thc freedom of the press is 0110 of the most precious rights of Britons ; and whothcr it is immolated 011 the altar of self- sucriiico, or beads under tho tyrants' lash, tho demoralising effect upon a people is just the same. O11 those grounds wo assert that the power uf tlio press, and that of our civic institutions, should uob be amalgamated. Without saying one word in dispraise of Mr Button 011 tho scoro of incompetency or party pro clivities, wo' think ho should rotiro; 011 tho broad principlo that .the press should " keep , clear of every snare that " renders its 1 impartiality questionable. It may bo advauced that this is a matter in which the public have 110 right to muddle — that 11 member of tlio press may exorcise his own judgmont, aud that if he succeeds ill obtaining a majority of votes lie is proved to bo right.- This proves nothing of tho sort. The majority of voters fail to see the cndfrom, the beginning — tlioy arc a patient, ' con-; fidiug, -and long-suffering people. With every desire to give the Town Council its duo, wo question tho propriety of giving it a newspaper organ, Tho compact : is solid onough without tho aid of a preBs. As a.rule, tho Couucil is like u porcupine. Touch any spot,; and all the mombera erect their quills ' in defence. T11 view, thoroforo,; of. imparting mure: vitality, more debuting ; power, more, iiidopen- deuce, .we would urge electors to sonU in men who will. : nave -tlie courage of ail ; opinion, who will launch out of' the beaten track '.and ox- liibit:; a : littlo spirit and ' enci'gy. We Ro .npt want our Town ; Council to degoucratb into litter somnolence, like tliat of Now Amsterdam, whioh: Washing ton Irving thus describes :r— u Tho Coun cil, . consisting of the oldest aud -largest heads iii the conimunity, - met regularly once a week, but cithor they were deterred by a: war of words, or woro uatundly averse to tho oxorcise of tho tonguu,' aud tlio consequent oxorciso of the brain ; certain; it is the must profound: silonce was inaintaiued ; thu question, us usual, lay. 011 the table ; the members quietly- smoked their pipes, making but few laws, without over enforcing any; and ill the meantime the affairs ; uf . the : settlement wont 011--as it pleased God." Tho new Council will havo more than ordinary wqrk boforo it. Thb: outlying streets are to be ; improved ut a cost uf £0000, of which ; suiiV; the Government eontriuuts £000-on condition the Corporation payB : the pother third, dr. £2000. Tho question how to raise thu, hitter sum was brought .before the present Council ' on Monday.- The Mayor was of opinion that it could, nob be paid out of thu £25,000 which the Council now receive annually, but that additional taxation should be resorted to. Only Mr Farrolly spoke, and lid agreed with the! Mayor that a small additional rato should bo made — not upon tlio localities that will bo benoiiciully uiluctcd,' but upon the whplu town. This is a matter upon which candidates should speak : definitely, for ! it caiinot, bo supposed' that uu increased general tax .will bo received with favour. .Other matters of importance demand immediate attention, such as supplying the more olevated parts of the town with water.; relieving market gardoubrs from paying so heavily by meter for water that would otherwise run to waste ; enacting laws for tlio regulation of bathing, for the suppres sion oF larrikinisiii, aud for' the removal ,of street obstructionists on Saturday aud< Sunday, . nights. Whatever action tho burgesses may take in rogard to !the forth coming election, and whatever the decision may be at the poll, \\\ 0 shall 'accept it as tlio will uf tho people ; but we trust they will calmly consider the importance . of their position, remembering '.that Laim- coston is 110 Sleepy Hollow, and that we need a Corporation that will prove equal to times in which wo live'. Meet then, compote then, call wisdom from tho street thou ; Chouse not, refuse uut, except for good and use ; Ply them, and try thum; -a fail' field don't deny theiu ; Mute thum, rato them, disqeniing swan from goose. ... Fly all the flock on common tortus together — Which goes ahead will very soon appear ; Judge not the- bird according to the feather ; Freely to talent open the career. It is unfortuuutoly a fact beyond dispute that tho Tusuuaiiau Steniu Navigation Company hold for butter or fur worse the .monopoly .uf tlio steam "traffic between this colony and the colonics of New South Wales and Victoria. Ah a natural con sequence tlio directors are invariably prune to ride tho high horse, and carry 011 the management of the traffic iu a despotic manner, .higlily inconvenient to shippers and receivers of cargo, passen gers; and tlie regular despatch and delivery of our mails. Tills latter cause of com plaint is invariably oxomplilied 011 the arrival in Melbourne of the steamers bringing tlio English and Indian mails. The regular steamer is always detained from one to three days beyond her ap pointed time of sailing, to tlio great in convenience of the business and travelling public, who, growl as they may, and do, have yet nut the ghost uf a remedy. Our last English mail delayed tlie Manguna in Melbourne from Friday morning until afternoon on Sunday last, and it is seldom when an English mail is iu question that the steamer starts to her appointed time. Were thoro any compe tition in tho traffic we should doubtless witness a very different state of things ; but so long as our citizens are content to let things jog along iu tlio old groove, aud how tow to tho directors of tlie T.S.N. Co., aud acquiesce in their inadequate arrangements, just so long will we be iu tlie undesirable position iu which we now find ourselves. Wo should imagine that the intercolonial traffic is in itself amply sufficient to ensure punctuality in the dates of sailing from aiid arrival at tho Australian and Tasnmnian ports ; and it were not too much to ask the Company to provido an emergency steamer for tho conveyance of tho English mails 011 their arrival in Melbourne. Tho trade with Tasmania is growing daily, hut the car riage does not keep paco with the de mand, noris.it likely thai it will do, until some active measures aro taken in tho proper direction. Are our business men open to the "accusation so freely lavished upon Tnsmauiniis iu general, that they are apathetic, and hohind the times We hardly think that, in dividually, this is tho case, hut tlio accusation generally would scorn to fit. We constantly hoar complaints about the endless delays of steamers on the other side, accompanied with growls, if not curses, loud ami deep on tho T.S.N. Go. aud its directors ; but the latter gen tlemen can and do afford to treat such manifestations with dignified silence, if not with contempt ; ami will continue to do so ns long as Hoiuotliiug more sub- stantial iu tho way of pressure is brought to bear upon them, iu order to induce thum to acknowledge nnd rootify thu error of their ways. It is high time that re form was initiated iu this direction, and that tho public should awaken from their ltip Van Winklo attitude, and take steps towards insisting upon a roforiu in ' the mail service, which, conducted as it is, is simply tui anomaly which is anything but n credit to us us a people. If tlie tiuio honoured company which controls our steam traffic, consider that it is not worth their wliilo.to study tho public interests' a littlo tiioi'o 'thaii they have liithbrto bcuii in the habit of. doing, it ivill bo expedient to invito tho :co-operafcion -.of;, some other firm of shipowners, as the A.S.N. Oo., ,or Messrs.: Howard; Smith, and Sons, for in8tahcq.,;.:Thi8 latter firm are increasing their already fairly numoi'oua fleet, and woro.suffioiont inducement, offered would no doubt bo willing to . carry their sharo of the traffic to aud from the colony. The inevitable result would be aroduction of tlio ratosoffroight and passage money, which at prcsontaro far, too high,1 and business men and.eitizeiis generally, would ;bo benefited; by ; the -competition, That the T.S.N, Co. hayooudorod.us good service in tlioir day 110 . 0110 will; dispute ; but . that they have dono.it in their, own way, and taken their own tiuio about it, preserving their monopoly while suiting everything to their own convenience, will bo ub readily admitted. It; is to-bu hoped that -the day is not far distant, when .woliall have to congratulate .the people of. t-he cblony upon the existence of a better, state of things in .the ..direction ,wo. havo above indicated ; if nqt . tlio fault will lie with tli'ose. of our citizens more directly in terested in bringing , ajjout : the mucii- lieodcd change. South' Oveka Tiio'urB.—Wb draw tho at tention of our readers to the fact that the Ijox office is open at Walch Brothors and Birchall's, aiid that a reduction in price will be made to parties taking season tickets, wliioh are sold at . Tamau Rowisa . Cum. —The committee of tho Tamar. Rowing Club have decided that tho last nice rowed for the Turner trophy shall be rowed over again,' owing to the buoy having drifted from its moorings, aud causiug con- fusion amongst the competitors. Thc i-nco will jcouie off 011 Friday evening, the boats, ami :lumUicupd "being tlw same nS before. ''The .third competition for the Stewart Clip will bo' hold on Monday evening next, entries closing .to-morrow. . Y.M.C.A.-7A public evangelistic meeting will be held in tlio rooms uf tlio Association. un Friday evening' 'next, commencing at 8 o'clock. Pastor White, Messrs R. Marshall, E. P, ' Myers, and T. Long will deliver addresses;1 und gosnul solos will be rendered by the audi ence. The patronage of the fair sex is re quested. | Phimitivk Mktuouiht Saiiuath School.— Tho twouty-third anniversary of. the above school was celebrated yesterday by a pic-mc, which passed off most eujoyably; At 10 o'clock two of air W. Atkinson's 'busses loft town and wended tlioir way to Glen Dliu, where' Mi S. Forrall hud kindly lent a field for the day's picture. , . There were about 150 scholars pre-.; sent;, and witli teachers and friends the iiiim-.' bor reached between. 400 and 500. .The day was spent pleasantly iu various ways, tea being held at 4 o'cloek; At 7.30 the party returned to town, tired, but well pleased with the outing. ; Mutual iImfhovkmknt. Association;— The members met at tho rooms 011. Friday evening lust, when Mr Birchall brought in a bill to admit women to thu : franchise. The bill wiw opposed by Mr Ellis, and after nu animated . debate was rejected .011 division. Wo suggest ' the following 'fable of George Washington ./Esop as applicable to' tlie business . of the . evening " An ostrich and a hen chanced to occupy adjacent apart ments, aud tho former complained loudly that her rest was"disturbud by the cackling of her humble neighbor. ' Why is it,' she finally asked tho hen, ' that you mako suoh au intol erable noise?' Thu hen replied, 'Because I have laid an egg/ 'Oh, 110, said ; the ostrich with a smile, ' it is because you aro a. I1011 and don't kuow'utiy better.'" Moral.— The moral of tlie foregoing is not very clear, bub it contains somo reference to the agitation for female, suf frage. ...; , ' t ' ' 1 : : Th!5 Volunthkuh.— The Rifle Regiment pre- seiitudafair muster yesterday evening for in spection by Lieut. Col. Home, tlio acting Com- muudniit, there being fifty of nil ranks present. The troops liinrchua passed' and wore put through tlio lunnuol and firing exorcise by. Lieut. Guuid, and drilled in company aud light infantry nmveiuoiiU by Lieut, and Adjutant Martin. After the drill tlie signalling class were pub through practice with 1 uup signals, which was .creditably gone through. Lieut. Col. Home expressed himself as much pleased with the good muster. After matching through several of the struots of tlio town, Loaded by tf'o bnnd, the men were dismissed op|H)sitb the IMjlicu barracks. Sergeant-Major li rears is at present hi town for the piirjMuu of establishing, a class for the instruction of uou- cou)u|issoued.' officers of tlio artillery in gunnery. Tub Booiiyalla Mails.— Messrs Anderson and Lnhcy have turned out a well ami faith fully constructed passongei' break, capable of holding nine passengers, which is intended for the conveyance of mails anil passim- gum between Boobyalla, Gladstone, and Muorimu The break will be shipped 011 bourtl the p.s, Avon to-day, nnihnii arrival at its destination the limvus will he put in uud will be despatched on its maulun trip. Tho coach will run regularly between the aixive.mentioned places starting from Smith's Hotel, Boobyalln. Shhukant-Majoii Younil— We learn that Suqct-Mnjur Yuuiigwholiasoccupied hispresent position in tlie Northern Riite Regiment with credit to himself, and to the general satisfaction of the officers and men of the corps, for the bust four years, is about to resign his apjKiiiitment iu order to undertake other duties elsewhere. Sergeant Young will be greatly missed by the Regiment as he was very popular with all ranks ami remarkably attentive to his duties. His place, we understand, will in all proba bility be filled by tiorgcunt-Major Walsh. Tub Puikstman Dhkihjk.— The I'riestmau dredge. ( which was some time ago iin|N»rtud from England by the' Luunceston Murine Board, commenced work on Monday, ami very good work it made. Iu uu hour it lifted 50, tons of silt which was deposited in a lighter aud taken away. Tlie dredge. lifts each time about 5 tons and is worked by a' 10 h.p. engine. It will be employed in drudging near the wutermeu's dock for some time, when it will afterwards dredge along by thu wharves. Municipal Elections. — Thu aununl muni cipal elections arc fixed for the 7th December, next, the retiring Launeestou Aldermuii being Messrs 1'. Barrett, V. Hurt, nnd H. Button, and us there seems to be a feeling abroad that new blood is cmiuoiitly desirable iu tho Council Chamber, we expect to see a lively contest . for the vacant seats, there are five names 'already mentioned, 'Messrs U. Edge!!, E. L. Ditclmin, M. .JO. Robinson, C. Gulvin, and P. 31. Dugau. Tub IfoMKOF Tin. — Our Gladstone friends appear to be stirring themselves, mid tho makings of future |K»liticians are apparently in plenty. Tlie outcome of last Friday's meeting takes tlie form of a lecturu to be delivered shortly ly Mr 3''. M'Grcgor, 011 various sub jects In commotion with mining matters, our miner ami prospectors, und tlio effect of the prusuut administration of >tho franchise us it affects thoGludstnuu district. Tlio lecture will take place ou Friday next at M'Kimmio's hotel. H Is refreshing to see thu Glmlstouitus nwake to the iduaof putting their shoulders to the wheel m earnest iu ordiu' to help thorn- selves. We trust the example sut by Glad stone will he taken up by other of our mining centres. Tlioro is plenty of scope for tilting at abuses, uml ventjluting much nuudud reform nff round; Tim l'uoposKu Municipal Rati:.— Tlio Town Surveyor has been instructed to prepare a rough estimate of the cost of effecting neces sary improvements to tlie outskirts of thu town, iu order to unable the Couucil to receive thu sum of £2000, uud thuruby secure an additional sum of £4000 voted during last session of Par liamoiit for tho purpose. This £5000 isnotdue before it is wanted, nnd we hope to see " the outskirts" properly looked after, Opebatic.— Tlio South Opera Troupe open to-morrow evening with Vincent Wallaces operant "Mnritaiin." Miss Eva Davenport will sustain the rule of prima dentin, tho prin cipal tenor beiug Mr Vernon Keid. Tho nari- touo is Mr JCmest St. Clair, und tlie company also numbers amongst tho members Misses Emniu Rogers, Enmieline Fox, Dosboroitgh. Lily Boloyn, Nolly Gwynne, and Agues and Laura Rotlly; while Messrs Tyrrell, O'Brien, Muynay, .Holland, and others go fur to rendor the coiiipany a strung one. They have beon playing together in the other colonies for ovor 100 nights. Wo anticipate a wcuk's ti-oat during thuir sojourn in Launeestou. Gilbert and Sullivan's ojreras, imiiiety, " Piim- foro," and the " I'irates of I'eiizniice" (in which Mr South was the original Cap tain Corcoran nnd Major-Gonoral) are 011 tlio bill of fare" for . .the . season, and the thought inakus one wish again in vain that Laiuicestotq was not so miserably far behind other colonial towns of hor size and impor tance, and Kissessed of a decent tlicatro, in lieu of thu halls that do duty iu its place. Mr MTiiUiugtnn, well Icuown as an cuorgetiu thea trical agent in Tasmania, is acting for the com pany, having arrived from Mellxntmo in the Manguna 011 Monday. Raukhoukes. — Tho now ' ncquisitiuii to the Wavorloy stable, Assyrian, the winner of tho Melbourne Cup, together with Hobart and. Queen, arrived from Melbourne on Monday lib tlio Mangana, and left for Wavurluy by the: Main Lino ycsturduy 'iiiorniug. ' . POLLARD'S Lilliputians. — This troupe arrived on Monday from Melbourne per s.s. Mangana, and left yesterday for Hobart, where they open for a season at the Theatre Royal. ARTILLERY VOLUNTEERS.— The Launceston Volunteer Artillery paraded at the barracks on Monday evening, when the report of the shooting on the Prince of Wales birthday was received from Sergeant-Major Martini. Seven detachments competed, and the squad in charge of Corporal Park were first on the list with 12 points, and next in order came the de- tachments in charge of Sergeants Bennell and Gurr, each gaining, four point, the first-named squad obtaining second place by time allowance. Each squad fired four rounds. Captain G. T. Collins judged definition, Sergeant- Major Martini judging at the range. The shooting was on the whole very good, which is more than can be said for the state of the Cormiston Battery, which was simply disgraceful. Capt. Collins complimented the men on the good day's work they had performed, and on the good order and discipline they had maintained. Sergeant Instructor Brears arrived from Hobart on Monday, and was present at the drill during the evening. INTERCOLONIAL Rifle Match. The Tas- maiiinn . team wliieh contests' for shbotiiig hoiiours at Williamstowu on the 21st, left for Melbuurno pur h.s. Munguua yesterday. <.The speciul match fur which they eoui'iwto.is a prize of £50olfered by tho VietoriaiiKillo Association for competition by a team of ton efficient mem bers of the local forces of the different colonics, the woapous used to bo Mur 'tiiiiTHcnry rifles and Government ammunition, any position, ami 15 allots each ut 300, 500, and G00 yards. 'The four colonies competing; aro; .Victoria, New- South Wales, South; Australia,- uml (Tasmania. « The Tdstnaniuh team consist of Sergeants Richard son, Penny, und Lovutt, .Conxirals Pullet aud Humphries, and Private Bmvdeii" (of thu SouthuruKiilo Regiment), uud yoi-gonnt-Mujor F. Martini, Sergeant d. -Gurr, and ;Gunner Peart (of the L. v. A,), Captain limit' (.Stuff), Captain Room and Corporal Baird (of the Northern Riile Regiment). -.Such was tliu team selected, but, at tliu/ last inoiuent. it appears that, owing to' Hiim'o. red-tape .compli cation, the most valuable niah iii the team, Captain Hunt, is not able to 'cross the water, and his place will bo taken by Corporal Guw. Thanks to the uuiiabifity of tho -loatn water-. General or his subordinate,' the officer to take cluiro of the team is debarred from accom panying, his : men. to .Melbourne.1 This' 'is another instance of tho cuuouragumcntnffordud to and the interest taken in the Volunteer movement in Tasmania ' by our . paternal Government. Iu Captaiii Hunt's unavoidable absence Captain J. li.; Room; will tako charge of tlio team. A Quick Mail Bbhviub. — Yesterday evening (Nov. 13) wo (Mercury) received, among the pai»eishaud«d us in the delivery of the English mail, . a copy of thu lelbourue Herald, dated 31st July, 1882, and in a cover bearing tliu Melbourne postmark of tlmt (late;1, 'There was uo mark to say that the paper had gone ustrfty, or been any way or anywhere detained. What, adds to the singularity of the circumstance is that it was tlio only Victorian newspaper re ceived lust night, our other files having arrived by the Southern Cross, tho muds by wlucli were delivered in the morning. . i Libel Action. — The action for libel brought by tliu Rev. J.. Scott, PresbyLcriuu minister of Hobart, against Mr John Uellie and the pro- nriutors of tlio Southern Star uuwspapor, was heard at Hobart yesterday before Air Justico Dobson and 11 jury of seven. Mi Dobson un the Hon. W. R. Giblin u>pctn'ed for tlio plain tiff,, ami. Messrs Byron Miller ami Yurnun Hookey, for Mr Uellie and the Southern Star respectively. Thu Uov. Mr Clarke,, .tlie .Rev. Mr Lylu, and' some other witnesses wuro ex amined for tho plaintiff. For thu defence, iip. witnesses wore called, Mr Byron Nlillor making a long uud powerful address on behalf of 'Mr Celtic, ami Mr Hookey, ou .behalf of tlio pro prietors of the Southern Star. . The jury, after retiring for sui hour, brought in a verdict for plaintiff, with £25 dumngos, ' Mit Eli «3oiinson.— Friends of this gentle-, man will bo sorry to rood t\i& following, which' appears in Saturday's Aye:— "Some Ustonish- ment was uxpressud this : liiorning; -on tliu arrival of 'the first train from Beaufort, when Mr J evangelist, emerged from que of thu carriages in charge of the (mlico in riuite mi unconscious .state of mind, aud inclined to he violent. From information to hand it appears that tliu. gentleman locturud at Beaufort last uvuuiug, and qftorwards retired to rest at .Mr Thomas's residence in ii perfectly sound frauiu of mind, puring tlie night, however, on hearing a noise 111 air Johnson's room, Mr Thomas proceeded' thither, aud found . .the: occupant roaming around thu room perfectly unconscious of what ho was doing. He was immediately put uuder restraint uud brought 011 by the first train to BuIIamt for medical ndviuu. He was then' conveyed to Mrs Casey's private hospital at kohiuoor Jiousu, ami Dr. Hudson having examined thu putieiit, pronounced liini to be suffering from paralysis of the right side of tlie body aud brain, -llu was to have delivered a lecture in. tlio Ballarat Mechanics' Institute, this evening. Mr J'fii Johnson recovered consciousness this evening, and it is now ascertained that he was suffering from weak ness of the val ves of thu heart and paralysis of the voieo. ilis medical attendants advise tho discontinuance of his lecturing tour,, and an immediate return' to America." For some time post Mr .Toluuioii has had to bo vory earuful, owing to tho state of his nervous system through overwork. When a young man, in his zeal fur thu temperance cause, lie was in tlie' habit of 'lecturing .wherever he could get uu audience, Houietimus three or four times , a day ; hut he soon found that tills taxed his brain too much, aud: ho had to restrain his ardor. 3f Mr Johnson 1ms to return to America without accomplishing hi mission of travelling round the world, it will lie a greiit to thu cause lie so ably espcaisud. Too Lenient by Hale.— Melbourne would iqipuar to be pussessud of a suave ntul gentle (bapensor of the law, to judge by the following extinct from a Victorinn exchange :—14 JCihvard IN) well, who is known us the captain of the JCsKcndou Football, Ulub, was brought up charged with having assaulted an elderly gun- Ueinau named Gildoii about 11 o'clock on tho previous evening. Mr Gilden stated that' nt the time mentioned he saw the prisoner uud several other persons grossly abusing a man in Bourlce-street, aud remonstrated with thum, remarking . to thu prisoner that it was a cowardly act for so many to set (qam one man. Shortly afterwards as he was proceeding along the Htrcet the prisoner tupped him on tlie shoulder from behind, uud ou his tinning iqund askud liitii whuthur ho was "the man who lutprforcd Just now." 1 Tu replied " Yes." J he prisoner thou called him a liar, struck him in thu face, making his mouth bleed, and uualcluid his belltoppur hat from his head, ami played football with it, damaging it beyond repair. Tim derision of the Bench, over whom Mr Wilton, J.B., presided, was somewhat extraordinary. They simply lined tlio lnlKonor fu, and when' tho prosecutor iisked alsiut ; ciimpensation for liis hat he was told by Mr \V ilton tlmt he hud Ids remedy by summons.' The J.l\ is evidently a species of colonial Dogberry, mid no doubt is highly appreciated Who is It?— " Attlcus," in tho Leader. says M Tlio relations between tho clergy and thu bookmakers arc, It would seem, mora familiar tlmu is generally supposed. Tho king of the ring gives au entertainment umuuilly to celebrate thu close of the r ices, and for the amusement of his guests lie engages the best musical talent available, in addition to pro viding wlmt is generally known as 'a sumptu ous repast.' Tins year he held Iii festival 011 a Sunday, aud after the dinner and the singing dancing was carried 011 until five o'clock 011 Monday morning. Tim most "extraordinary circumstance, however, is that the gentleman who umdu the most elouuuut speech in pruiso of their host (tlie leviatimti) is, or at all events was, uu Archdeacon iu a neighboring colony. Loyal Immigrants !— Tho following, which is supplied by a correspondent to tlie Age newspaper, would seem to show an inrund of anything but loyal priests to Australia:— "Amongst thc passengers by tlie Austral, lately arrived in our port, were twenty-two Roman Catholic priests, including a bishop and his chaplain. The conduct of the clergy, with the exception of thu bishop, was must distaste ful to tlio other passengers, and also to thu crew of the vessel. any toast bring drunk to the health of Her Majesty tho Qitcon, the most marked disrespect was shown by the Cuthuliu priests rofurred to,, who would remain seated ami covered; . The sumo course was also pur sued whenever the National Anthem was being played. Ou one occasion the bishop,' who always.roSd mid uncovered at either toast or loyal aiitliom, culled upon a priest near him to do tho same, ; but was point blank refused com pliance, whilst' ii young priest, who did romovo liis hat, was openly rebuked by the others. Nearly all those clerics woro from Maynboth, aud tlioir disloyalty" was a subject of conver sation amongst all the pivssengers nnd ; crew of the Austrid, tlui latter beiug so uxuspurated as to threntoii,' .but wore deterred from indicting summary puluslimunt upon the offenders. The twenty-two priests are a contingent to roinffiroe tlio Roiiimr Catholic stuff iu thu colonies. " Bur- haps the Bishop, however, may be bettor ablo to compel the obedience of his subordinates ashoro thmrhu was at sua. . A Nk\r Mimical Instiiumbnt.—A novel invention culled theT'yroplioii hits just been perfected iu Paris by'M. G. JCaatuor-BourHimlt, 111 the shape of an .electriciil musical instrument which is said to'greatly' surpass the' ordinary pipon organ . iii.! its capacity : for delicately ahudingvtqnus. and , sounds. Tho instrument' cmiiprisosn number of long slender glass tubes,. in each of which an electric light is seen,, tho (burners of which me connected by copper :wirus witii the keyboard. Smaller instruments -are also made in chandelier form aud called '.lustres chuntuntx. The effect of these, is exceedingly pretty, and us the player, . cau sit in un udjoiniug room, and a «j>cctator ia ntmuod, 011 s gazing at the flames which swell and diminish in . thuir glass tubus, to form , an idea as to where or how the sweet sounds ho is listening to originate. Particulars as to tho mautier 111 wliteh this in- '.ventiou lisis been perfected aru not to hiiud. but the fundamental idea of creating niusical tones by means of (lames in glass tubus is by no iuoans a,uo>v ()ue.t Iliggius. so far back us 1777, wilh tiwuru' of it, itiuf ib has since been experimented with by Scliaffgotsch,, Tyndull, Do Luo/ ftiid otliuin; iShorer proved long1' ago that if a yueuuiu was created by the combustion of giis thur'air whun aihuitteu rushed in with gi'cut force and iiroducud a tone. It has bbun left, however,-, for'; M. Kustnor, from all theso oxiiuriments und hypotheses, to' evolve ii per fect uud admirably, constructed musical instiu- uiout, which is present an object of European interest: . r 1 ' ; Tlielicoiwo pf ,T; H. Young dm1a>.'s 'budi- ness, winch has been under tliu ublo manago- nient ofMr Ji. D.' IJlyth, whose judguVent of wines is so well-known, expires in December. Liuiltur particulars can bo lomid 111 our udvur> tisuig colmniiH. i(f ; ; ; A gmiid uiiitod tempdnuicu; jubilee -meeting: will bo dlold at the Aleeluuiics' Institute to- ; night, when addresses, songs, uml glees will be ffivcn. A Temlors for" ironmongery,' ; Htiitiouory, mid .tori for the year 1883 are called for by, thu Town Clurk. '.i d : " J The. Prince's .Sipmro. Congregationul Clmrch bmiday. , bchool ; anniversary, will be 'held 011 Sunday, tlio'Ilov. preaching nierniug and'.uvening. , 