\- THE TUBE. (The 'Week.) ' The near approach' of the Autumn racing season is heralded by the appearance of pro-; grammes of meetings to be.held. in all parts of Australia, but perhaps ? the moat romavkablo in every respeot are the proceedings of tho two rival racing clubs in Adelaide, the A. R. C. and the 8. A. J. 0. That Adelaide should be ablo to support two racing clubs- of suoh magni tude speaks volumes both for its prosperity and also for tho love of racing on tho part of its inhabitants, for the circumstances as recorded by the Adelaide correspondent of tho Sportsman aro cortainly unique. It seems from his account that the A. R. 0. first issued a programme with about £2,040 as added money for a meeting which would extend over three days, but that on this failing to meet with tho approval of horse- owners and others, issued a fresh pro gramme, in whioh the added money now amounts to £2,790. And one of the races —the Birthday Gup— is' a Handicap Sweep stakes of 20 sovs. with £1,000- added. This is a prizo of somo magnitude, but the rival olub (tho S.A.J.O.) was not to be outdone, and thoy accordingly added another £500 to their Adelaide Cup, whioh makes tho total of; added money amount to £2;400. Adelaide lias .now certainly every right to be considered the premier racing, city in Australia, and if we could only import somo of theso enterprising South Australians- to this colony, I fancy they would rather aBtonisli tho sleepy 'Rip Van Winkles' of tho Queensland- Turf Club, and prove of more use than many ship loads of immigrants. Tho managers of racing matters/in this colony appear to possess no vitality. Thoy have no particular interest in the sport, and Beem to have littlo know ledge of how matters should bo conducted, so matters drift', on, and become- moro- and more hopeless as each meeting goes by, dis gusting alike, the.' owners, of racehorses and tho public! It is ' these two classes: that havo to. pay . the piper,, and cor-' tainly they have a right to 'call tho timo-.''' But arguments and remonstrances being equally unavailing,' the Q.T.C. Committee cannot won der at support being withheld from thom, and; the natural consequonce ensues-, viz-., that they themselves will Have ultimately, to provido for the liabilities which Have beon incurred- through their management. It is a relief to turn, to the- consideration of the Mackay Turf Olub programme. Tho meeting is fixed to take placo on tlio 13 th and lfitlhof June, and promises , to be ob successful as- formerly. The most noticeable -foaturo in the- programme is the ontire absence of hurdle raoes, whioh I .bolievo is occasioned by. the : look of oncourage ment theso races have recoived in-former years There are, however, two days' roeing, each, con sisting of five events and a. hurry, sourry, and the principal races, viz., the Pioneer Handicap of 100 sovs., and the Club Handicap of 150 sovs., actually equal the ? amounts given by the Queensland TuH Olub for the Mbreion- Han dicap and the Brisbane Cup Comparisons, it ia ? said, are odious, and in this case they certainly are to tho Brisbane Club which is supposed to represent tho colony of Queensland. The -Mackay Club, Howover, differs from the Q.T.C. in a manner,- doubtless most satisfactory to themselves, viz., .in possess ing at the present time a- credit balance at their bankers of £110 5s - and have iii addition £45 due to them. They have reoently ex pended £118 on improvements, and tho prises paid away, at tlieir last annual moeting came to the handsome sum of £i$2&8s. Tliey must indeed be congratulated on their position, and it is evidently owing to the good- management of the sooreidry and tho other officials, as well as to tliq liboral manner in whioh the olub is supported by! the) town and 'surrounding ;dis trict. . J j ... , The Rockhampton Club havo not yet issued their programme, and it is high- time for them to 'do so. A-.'great; benefit willibe derived by horso-ownera'if tbese meetings too so-arranged us tofollow-one another, .with.jpst.a.reasoriuble interval to allow 6f thoir moving from place to pluce. : -; .. ; Our local bookmaker tells- mo bliat he has spened books on tho Australian- Cup anil New markot Handicap, and fairish- odds are now obtainable, as at- presont tliero exists- much doubt what will: prove favourites for tho two races. ? ' For the Australian Chip, ; Suwarrow, Saun torer, Hesperian, 'Wellington, and' First Water soom most iu demund at 100 to. 9; down to 100 to 6, and I shall expect to seo the two last, viz., Wellington and First Water, make- a. bold bid for first place in the quotations, For tho Newmarkot Handicap,, tho betting is 100 to 6 against Surrey, 100- — 5- against The Ghost andCremorne, and 100 to 4 and 100 to 3| against others. Aspen, who- had beon mosti inquired after, wbb scratched', on the 21st ult.. I shall hope to give my readers further intelli gence abou'j-these two races in. my. next. Tho latoet scratchings. for. tho- Sydney Cupi aro Salraior.and Canary, and: for-tho Hawkea bury Autumn Handicap— Emulation, Canary* The Exeter,- and Boniface, For the St.- Logpr,- Darebin fe-2rst favourite at 2 to 1— and tho field is- likoly to be a small one. The mo3t probabla- starters, (according; to the Melbourne sportsmen), being, in addition to Darebin, CorioIanuSjJTCohrimoor, Somerset, Monmouth, Gloucester-, ^Royal Maid, Commo tion, and Pell Mell. On public form Darebin is fan- to bo preferred.-, to- any of tho abhors, though . he is., reported to- bo again suffering from rheumatism. Corioinuu, tho champion wili- er, I do nob fanoy. for-blih) journoy and I imagine ho will bo beaten- by Commotion if tlui- latter be- lit und! weR at the meeting. The only other in. . the, . list {halt might upset all caleulntions Js Pell Moll, whoso a-a nning hasbo.-nof that- in., und out descrip Hon, that it is hard to. toll what is His correct form. Hop-ever; I fancy lio is more- of a han dicap horse tl|an a leger winnor; and shall 1 expect, to seo him roaosved for somo important stako, like tho Melbourne Cup. If inclined to ' plunge,'- I should go for Darebin with the utmost confidence. Ths nominations for tlio Ascot Yale Stakes nuiubor 125, though I should think only a very small fiold aro likely to face tho starter. Tho presence of Mr. Do Mostre's bhreo, Navigator, Solitudo, and Sylvanus will probably frighten away mo3t, and tho ODly other starters likely to bo prominent aro Tangle, Frying Pan. and Guesswork. That Navigator will be, first past tho post may bo regarded as a foregono conclusion, and I consider Frying Pan and Guosswork to bo tho only ones likely to trouble him. I think I before mentioned that there was a question about Mr. De- Mostre's ontries for tho Sires* Produce Stakes at tho coming Y.R.O. mooting, as tnoy wore describod as being by ' Crusoe,' instead of by ' Robinson Crusoe.' I verv much regret to state that it lias boon decided to disqualify all ss nominated, und as tlio lot included Navigator and Solitude it must bo considered very rough, though it will doubt los3 teach Mr. De Mcstro more caution for tho future. An Engliehmau volunteered to do something; for a Scotehamn, but was told by the latter that be ' needna fash?' 'What does the follow mean by utedna fash said the former to n by stander. 'Oh, 6ir,' wae the reply, 'ha just moans that he ueednu fash uvs, sir,' 