SIGNS OF THE TIMES. HE protestant Episcopalians of Perth appear T to be groaning heavily under the harden of the sermous imposed upon their nnwilliug ears from week to week by their clergy. One of them, professing to be the spokesman of nine-tenths of his brethren iu the laity, has been Liberating his mind" lately by an appeal to the public through the columns of a contemporary- The state of affairs, if we are to give credence to this gentleman, is very deplorable in the Cathedral. The sermons are long and uninteresting. In fact preaching, which ought to be the strength of the church, and which is the strength of all other protestant churches, is said to be " proving a real and growing danger to the work of the church." This burdened and sorely tried churchman says they are " compelled to liateu to a sermon of whatever length, «nd oil whatever subject, it may seem good to the clergy to fix." But what are the views of the writer himself 011 the subject of preaching ? Before we censure others we ought to feel pretty sure of our own footing. He regards preaching very mnch in the light of mere pulpit oratory, but no part of the proper work of the churrli. It is admitted that some people like to hear sermons, but the writer regards this as an evidence of guilt ou the part of the clergy " for allowing their Hocks so to degi-a.de the Divine Service* a& to regard them only as a preface to pulpit oratory.*' He* thinks that preaching may have been divinely ordained as a means of spreading the Gospel," hut" could not have been intended for those who have been christians from their childhood." There m*y be cause for complaint in the Cathedral, but what are we to think of such views a-? jire contained in this letter to- the H AustraJhm ? We are persuaded these views are the legitimate outcome of the system aud this positiou is confirmed by the reference made to the growing practice iu " High Churches" in England. The Prayer Book which contains a number of prayers composed by well-meaning and really good men, in the early dawn of revived Christianity, aud before the mists of popery had clearfed away, is everything. But this Prayer Book, though excellent in diction, and containing many good aud sound thoughts, is full of the weeds of Homan Sacramentarianism ; and this very Sacttimentarianism is now showing itself in the presept tirade on the sermon* of the Cathedral. "The people are taught to believe in the saving efficacy of rites and ceremonies. They are christians from their childhood according to this writer. It is here we get the key, tu the whole. Tbey arc regenerated in baptism, eonfirmed by a Bishop, kept in grace fry occasion" ally attending a consecrated church, and repenting a few prayers, and perfected by partaking of the Lord's Sapper. This is Salvation : and wonder therefore that sermons are regarded a nnisance. But what saith the scripture ? The commission to the church is, " Go ye, therefore, and teach all nations, baptizing them iu the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost: teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you." This commission as given by Mark is " go ye into all the world, and jyreach the gospel to every creatnre/' Preaching us therefore teaching. The disciples were to teach what Christ had taught them. They were sent to teach; and teaching was their whole work. " I determined," said Paul, " not to knovy anything among vou save Jesus Christ aud Him crucified." Was thief teaching or preaching only intended for the outside world, or also for the christian church ? . Let Scripture answer. "He gave some, apostles ; and some prophets; and some evangelists: and some pastors, and teachers; for the perfecting of the saints, for the work of the ministry, for the edvfy- Iir^of thebodv of Christ: till we are all come in the nnitv of the faith; and of the knowledge of the Son of G?od, iiuto a perfect man, onto the measure of the stature of toe fulness of Christ." <Eph. iv 11—14. Audagain; "Christ whom we preach, warning" every man, and teaching' every man in all wisdom : that we may present every man perfect in Christ Jesus. Col. i 28.) Preaching therefore is teaching, not merely teaching tbe world, but teaching the cifnrclr for the very purpose of perfecting the christian character of those already in a state of grace. So iinpnHttttft is the teaching of the church that Paul layls down in his epistle*to Timothy this essential qualification; " a Bishop must be apt to teach." He exhorts Timothy to " give attendance to reading, to exhortation, to doctrine," in the christian church of Ephesus. Again Paul exhorts Timothy saying " study to shew thyself approved unto God, a workman that needeth not to be ashamed rightly dividing the word of truth." And once more : Preach the word; be instant in season, out of season; reprove, rebuke, exhort with all long suffering and doctrine." And the more we read the New Testament the more wq see the duty of the cburcb to preach the word ;" but not one word do we find directing the reading of the Player Book or intoning the services. Yet these latter have, in certain quarters, become the all-important parts, and preaching the non- essential. Alas for this state of things, and what is the remedy ? Certainly not tbe abandonment of preaching as nrged by the writer of the letter referred to. The only real remedy would be more thorough preaching of the right type, preceded and followed by much believing prayer. It is a mistake to say that tbe people know the gospel, and are christians from childhood. Such teaching is utterly ruinous to the eternal well-being of men's souls. Heading prayers and singing Hymns will never fit a man for heaven, nor can God accept such service from any not in Christ. Preaching is necessary; first for the awakening and conversion of the unsaved, and also for the edification and comfort of l»elievers in Christ. But it is preaching Christ that will accomplish, by the blessing of the Spirit; sncb results. Any other preaching will miserably faiL The law of tbe Lord fe perfect, convfertiag the soul." " The testimony of the Lord is sure making wise the simple : the statutes of the JLord are right, rejoicing the heart." 