ALL SORTS ANDCONDITIONS OF MEN. A NOVEL. BT WALTER BESANT AND JAMES BICE, Anthors of: "Beady-moneiy' Mortfboy," "lie Golden Butterfly/' " By Celia'B Arbour," " The Chaplain of the fleet," Ac., Ac., CHAPTER Vin. , WHAT HE GOT BY IT.' A dreBsmaker's shop, without a dressmaker to manage it, would hie, Angela considered, in some perplexity, like a ship without a steersman. She therefore awaited with some impatience the promised visit of Rebekah Armitage, whom she was to "get cheap," according to Bunker, on account of her Sabbatarian views. She came in the evening while Angela was walking on the Green with the sprightly cabinetmaker. It was sunset, and Angela had been remarking to her companion, with a sort of inationalsnrprise,thattne phenomena. concident with the close of day are just as brilliantly coloured and lavishly displayed for the squalid East as for the luxurious West. Perhaps, indeed, there are not many places in London where sunset does produce such good effects as at Stepney Green. The narrow strip, so called, in shape resembles too nearly a. closed umbrella or a thickish walking stick, but there are trees in it and beds.of flowers, and seats for those who wish to sit, and walks for those who wish to walk. And; the better houses of the Green—Bormalack's was on the weBt, or dingy side—are on the -east, and face the setting sun. - They are of a good age, at least a hundred and. fifty years .old; tney are built of a warm red brick, and some have doors ornamented with the old fashioned shell, and all have an appearance , of solid respectability, which makes the rest. of Stepney proud of them. Here, in former days, dwelt the aristocracy of the pariBh; and on this side was the house taken by Angela for her dressmaking institution, the house in which her grandfather was bom. f The reason why the sunsets are more splendid and the sun rises brighter at Stepney than at the ■ opposite end of London, are that the sun sets behind the great bank of cloud which for ever lies over London town. This lends his departure to the happy dwellers of the East strange and wonderful effects. Now when he riseBjit is naturally in the East, where there is no cloud of smoke to bide the brightness of his face. The Green this evening was crowded; it is not so unfashionable a promenade as White chapel-road, but, on the other hand, it pos sesses the charm of comparative quiet. There is ho noise of vehicles, but only the shouting of children, the loud laughter of some gaillard 'prentice, the coy giggle of the young lady to whom he has imparted his latest merry jape, the loud whispers of ladies who are exchanging confidences about their complaints and the complaints of their friends, and the musical laugh of girls. The old 'people had all crept home; the mothers were at home putting , their children to bed, the fathers were mostly engaged with the evening pipe, which demands a chair within four walls and a glass of something: the Green was given up to youth, and youth was principally given up to love making. " In Arcadia," said Harry, " every nymph is wooed, and every swain"-— He was interrupted by the arrival of his uncle, who pushed his way through the. crowd with his usual important oustle, followed by a " young person." " I looked for you at Mrs. Bormalack's," he said to Angela reproachfully, " and here you are—with this young man, as usual. As if my time was no object to you." "Why not with this young man, Mr. Bunker?" asked Angela. He did not explain his reasons for object ing to her companion, but proceeded to in troduce his companion. "Here she is, Miss Kennedy," he said. "This is Rebekah Armitage: I've brought her with me to prevent mistakes. You may take her on my recommendation. Nobody, in the neighbourhood of Stepney, wants a better recommendation than mine. One of Bunker's, they say, and they ask no more." "What a beautiful, what an enviable reputation!" murmured hiB nephew. "Oh, that I were one of Bunker's!" Mr. Bunker glared at him, but answered not; never, within his present experience, had he found himself at a loss to give indigna tion words. Ou occasion, he had been known to swear " into shudders" the immortal gods who heard him. To swear at this nephew, however, this careless, sniggering youth, who looked and talked like a swell, would, he felt, be more than useless. The boy would only snigger more. He would have liked knocking him down, but there were obvious reasons why this was not to be seriously contem plated. He turned to the girl who had come with him. "Rebekah," he said with condescension, ." you may speak up; I told your father I would stand by you, and I will. " Do not, at least." said Angela, in her stateliest manner, " begin by making Miss Armitage suppose she will want your support." She saw before her a girl about two or three-and-twenty years of age. She was short of stature and sturdy. Her complexion was dark, with black hair and dark eyes, and these were bright. A firm mouth and square chin gave her a pugnacious appearance. In fact, she had been fighting all her life, more desperately even than the other girls about her, because she was heavily handicapped by the awkwardness of her religion. "Mr. Bunker," said thiB young person, who certainly did not look as if she wanted any backing up, " tells me you want a fore woman." " You want a forewoman," echoed the agent, as if interpreting for her. " Yes, I do," Angela replied. " I know, to begin with, all about your religious opinions." " Very well, Miss," Rebekah looked disap pointed at losing a chance of expounding them. " Then I can only say I can never give way in the matter of truth." " In truth," said the agent, "she's as obsti nate as a pig." " I do not expect it," replied Angela, feel ing that the half-a-crown an hour man was really a stupendous nuisance! "She does not expect it," echoed Mr. Bunker, turning to Rebekah, "what did I tell you ? now you see the effect of my recom mendations." "Take it off the wages," said Rebekah, with an obvious effort, which showed how vital was the importance of pay. " Take it off the wages, if you like; and, of course, I can't expect to labour for five days and be paid for six ; but ou the Saturday, which is tbe Sabbath day, I do no work therein, neither I, nor my manservant, nor my maid servant, nor my ox, nor my ass."' "Neither her manservant nor her maid servant, nor her ox, nor her ass," repeated the agent solemnly. "There is the Sunday, however," said | Angela. " What have von got to say about Sunday, now?" asked Mr. Bunker, with a change of front. " Of all the days that's in the week." inter polated the sprightly one, "I dearly love but one day—ana that's the day" "Bebekah, impatient of this frivolity, stopped it at once. "I do as little as I can," she said, "on Sunday, because of the weaker brethren. The Sunday we keep as a holiday." " Well" Angela began rather to envy | this young woman, who was a clear gainer of ' a whole day-by her religion; ''well Miss Armitage, will you come to me on trial ? Thank , you, we can settle about deductions afterwards if you please/ And if yon will come to-morrow, xhafc is right. Now, if you please to take a turn with ine, we will talk things over together; good-night, Mr. Bunker r She took the girl's arin and led her away, being anxious to get Bunker out of Bight. The aspect of this agent annoyed and irritated her almost beyond endurance; so she l°ft him with his nephew. " One of Bunker's 1" Harry repeated softly. " You here {" growled the uncle;" dangling after a girl when you ought to be at work. How long, I shouldlike to know, are we hard working Stepney folk to be troubled with an idle, good-for- nothing vagabond? Eh, Sir? How long?- And domt suppose that I mean to do anything for you, when your money is all. gone. Do you hear^ Sir? do you hear?'' 11 hear, my uncle 1 As usual the young man laughed; he sat upon, the arm of a garden ^t, with huhana.in his pockets, and laughed an insolent, exasperating laugh. Now, Mr. Bunker in all his life had never seen the least nece S3ityorpccasionf or laughing at anything at all, far less at himself. Nor, hitherto, had any one dared to laugh at him. "Sniggerin' peacock," added Mr. Bunker fiercely, rattling a bunch of keys in his pocket. Harry laughed again, with more abandon. This uncle of his, who regarded him with so much dislike, seemed a very humorous per son. " Connection by marriage," he said; " there is one question I have very much wished to put to you. When you traded me away, now three-and-twenty years ago, or thereabouts—you remember the circum stances, I dare say, better than I can be ex pected to do—what did you get for me?' Then Bunker's colour changed, his cheeks became quite white. Harry thought it was the effect of wiath, and went on. " Half-a-crown an hour, of course, during the negotiations, which, 1 dare say, took a week—that we understand; but what else? Come, my uncle, what else did you get?" It was too dark for the young man to per ceive the full effect of this question—the. sudden change of colour escaped his notice;: but he observed a strange and angry light in his uncle's eyes, and he saw that he opened his mouth once or twice as if to speak; but' shut hiB lips again without saying a word; and Harry was greatly surprised to'see his. uncle presently turn on his heel and walk straight away. "That question seems to be a facer; it must be ropeated whenever the good old man becomes offensive. I wonder what he did get for me?" As for Mr. Bunker, he retired to his own house in Beaumont-square, walking with quick steps and hanging head. He let him self in with his latch-key, and turned into his office, which, of course, was the first room of the ground fioor. It was quite dark now, save for the faint light from the street gas, but Mr. Bunker did not want any light. He sat down and rested his face on his hands, with a heavy sigh. The house was empty, because his housekeeper and only ser vant was out. He sat without moving for half an hour or so; then he lifted his head, and looked about him—he had forgotton where he was and why he came there—and he shuddered. Then he hastily lit a candle, and went up stairs to his own bedroom. The room had one piece of furniture, not always found in bedrooms—it was a good-sized fireproof safe, which stood in the corner. Mr. Bunker § laced his candle on the safe, and stooping own began to grope about with his keys for the lock. It took some time to find the key hole ; when the safe was opened, it took longer time to find the papers which he wanted, for these were at the very back of all. Presently, however, he lifed his head, with a bundle in his hand. Now, if we are obliged to account for everything, which ought not to be expected, and is more than one asks of scientific men, I should account for what followed by re marking that the blood is apt to get into the brains of people, especially elderly people, and, above all, Btout elderly people, when they stoop for any length of time; and that history records many remarkable manifesta tions of the spirit world which have followed a posture of stooping too prolonged. It pro duces, in bet, a condition of braia beloved by ghosts. There is the leading case of the man at Cambridge, who, after stooping for a book, saw the ghost of his own bedmaker at a time when he knew her to be in the boBom of her family eating up his bread and butter, and drinking his tea. Bats have been seen by others—troops of rats—as many rats as followed the Piper, where there were no rats; and there is even the recorded case of a man \ who saw the ghost of himself, which prognos ticated dissolution, and, in fact, killed him exactly fifty-two years after the event. So that, really, there is nothing either unusual in the fact that Mr. Bunker saw .something, when he lifted his head. The remarkable thing is that he saw the very person of whom he had been thinking ever smce his nephew's question—no other than his deceased wife's sister; he had never loved her at all, or in the least desired to marry her, which makes the case more remarkable still; and she stood before him, just as if she was alive, and gazed upon him with reproachful eyes. He behaved, with, great coolness and pre sence of mind. Few men would have shown more bravery. - He just dropped the candle out of one hand and the papers out of'the other, and fell back upon the bed, with a white face and quivering lips. Some men would have run—he did not; in fact, he could not. His knees instinctively knew that it is useless to run from a ghost, and re fused to aid him. " Caroline!" he groaned. As he spoke the figure vanished, making no sign, ana saying no word. After a while, seeing that the ghost came no more, Mr. Bunker pulled himself together. He picked up the papers and the candle, and went slowly down stairs again, turning every mo ment to see if his sister-in-law came too. But she did not, and he went to the bright gas-lit back parlour, where his supper was spread. After Bupper he mixed a glass of braudy and water, stiff After drinking this he mixed another, and began to smoke a pipe while he turned over the papers. " He can't have meant anything," he said. " What should the boy know ? What did the gentleman know? Nothing. What does anybody know? Nothing. There's nobody left. The will was witnessed by Mr. Mes senger and Bob Coppin. Well, one pf them is dead, and aa lor the other"—he paused and winced—"as for the other,-it is five-and twenty years since he was heard of, so he's dead, too; of course, he's dead." Then he remembered the spectre, and he trembled. For suppose Caroline meant coming often; this would be particularly disagreeable. He remembered a certain scene where, three-aad-twenty wears before, he had stood at a bedside while a dying womon pppke to him; the words, she said . were few, and he remembered them quite well, even after so long a time, which shows his real goodness of heart '/ You are a hard man, Bunker,' and yon think too much of money; and you were not. kind. your wife. But Tut goings too, and there fe nobody left to trust my boy to, ex cept you. Be good to him, Bunker, for your dead wife's sake." He remembered, too, how he had promised to be good to the boy, hot meaning much by the words, perhapB, but softened by the pre sence of death. . . "It is not as if the boy was penniless/' she said" his houses will pay yon for his keep. and to spare. Yon will lose nothing by him, Promise me, aghin." He remembered that he had promised a second time that he wonld be good to the boy; and he remembered, too, how the pro mise seemed then to involve great expense in canes. '—jg " If you break the solemn promise," she said with feminine prescience, I warn -you . that he shall do you an injury when he grows up. Rememberthat." He did remember it now, though'he had quite forgotten thiB detail a long while ago. The boy had returned; he was grown up ;lie coulddo him an injury. if helcnew how. Be- < cause'he onlyhad to ask his uncle for an ac count of those houses. -Fortunately he did not know. Happily, there was no one to tell him. With his third tumbler Mr.- Bunker became quite confident and reassured; with his fourth he felt inclined to be merry, and to Blap himself on the back for wide-awake ness of the rarest kind. With his fifth he resolved to go upstairs, and tell Caroline that unless she went and told her son, no one would. He earned part of this resolution into effect; that is to say, he went to his bedroom, and his housekeeper, unobserved herself, had the pleasure of seeing her master ascending the stairs on his hands and feet—a method which offers great advantages to a gentleman who has had five tumblers of brandy and water. When he got there, and had quite suc ceeded in shutting the door—not always so easy a thing as it looks—Caroline was no longer visible. He could not find her any-! where, though he went all round the room I twice, on all fours, in search of her. : The really remarkable part of this story is that she has never paid a visit to her son at alL t . Meantime, the strollers on the Green were grown few. Most of them had gone hom6; but the air was warm, and there were still some who lingered. Among them were An gela, and the. girl who was to be her fore woman. When Rebekah found that her employer was not apparently of those who try to cheat, or bully, or cajole her subordinates, she lost her combative air, and consented to talk about things. She gave Angela a great deal of information about the prospects of her venture, which were gloomy, she thought, as the competition was so severe. She also gave her an insight into details of a practical na ture concerning the conduct of a dress makery, into which we need not follow her. Angela discovered before they parted that she had two sides to her character; on one side she was a practical and practised woman of work and business; on the other she was a religious fanatic. "We wait," she said, "for the world to come round to us. Oh! I know we are but a little body and a poor folk. Father is almost alone; but what a thing it is to be the ap pointed keepers of the truth! Come and near us, Miss Kennedy. Father always con verts any one who will listen to him. Oh, do listen!" Then she, too, went away, and Angela was left alone in the quiet place. Presently she became aware that Harry was standing be side her " Don't let us go home yet," he said, " Bor malack's is desperately dull—you cau picture it all to yourself. The Professor has got a . new trick; Daniel Fagg is looking as if he had met with more disappointment; Hei Ladyship is short of temper, because the Case is getting on so slowly; and Josephus is sigh ing over a long pipe; and Mr. Maliphant is chuckling to himself in the corner. On the whole, it is better here. Shall we remain a little longer in the open air, Miss Kennedy?" He looked dangerous. Angela, who had been disposed to be expansive, froze. "We will have one more turn, if you please, Mr. Goslett." She added stiffly, " Only remember—so long as you don't think of' keeping company.' " " I understand perfectly, Miss Kennedy. t Society is a better word than company; let us keep that, and make A new departure for Stepney Green." 