? MR. MONTFORD'S ROOM. Br Wⅈ" WANOEJI (W. W.). IT was a strange experience altogether, and I have for years been very chary of relating it. The sight of Colonel Ardwell'e name in a late paper, however, has recalled the whole affair so vividly to me, that I may interest you in recording it. I came out to these colonies fully determined on settling, and, whan I heard that Bangarra Station was in the market, I immediately put myself in communication with the owner, Colonel Ardwell. I found him a jolly, agreeable man of the world, and we arranged at once that he ahould accompany me on a visit of inspection to the property. " I own to you that I shall be glad to get rid of the place," he said, as, during the afternoon of the second day of our journey, we were getting near Bungarra. " I mistook my vocation when I tried to make a country gentleman of myself. You see what a lonely country it is, and I do believe another six months of it would have killed me." Have you owned the station long P" I 1 About two years, and I haven't lived the fourth of ibe time on it. If yon find the piaoe suit you, X should strongly ad viae you to keep on M'Lsoa; he's a pattern manager, and his heart id in hia work. Oh, by-the-way, I forgot to teii you that there is • sort of incumbrance tacked to Bangarra in the shape of an old woman." " An old woman?" " Yes; the late owner willed the sale of this property only on oondition that it should afford her shelter and subsistence during her lite. An annuity is also provided, and a cur tain room allotted to her daring the re saainder of her existeneih" " How strange 1" Z observed. " Oh, she's some favourite old servant, Z suppose, and she's a queer old soul, but never found her the least trouble." "But, surely, Mr. Montford might have provided for the old woman without tacking jier on to the eBtate ?'• I said. " Well, yes, it does seen) odd. Z didn mind, a« I have said, but, it the old creature interfere* with my sale of Bangarra, £ must try and buy her off somehow." Z was enchanted with BuugarraAnd all its Surroundings. ft lay in a splendid country, a broad and magni#«ent view of which was afforded from nearly every window of the hopse. And the unusual style of the said house formed not the least of its attractions to me; it was so nnlike anything Z had con oeived of colonial architecture. The building lay on the slope of a grand hill, and was of blue-stone, and ope story only. Already scarcely a stone was visible, for a thick screen of English ivy flourishing around it and up to the very mouldings of the chimneys. The windows were small, and were of diamond-paned, old-fashioned sashes, and the deep veran dabe were heavily pillared) and even in broad daylight only^held as much light as that afforded by a thick forest. " Fortunately the sitting rooms face the part of the house a stranger might set down as the back, or there would be no light at all in the place," the colonel said, us we alighted £rom the vehicle, and introduced me to the capable- looking man M'Leod, who was manager of the estate. " M'Leod will show you over the place, for, to tell you the truth, Z know very little more of it than my own three rooms and the stables. You will find it an oddlyplanned house." It was an oddly-planned house, yet one built, I could qu<te believe, with the one view of suiting it to the requirements of the climate. It was built in the shape of the Letter E, with the wing of the house that corresponded with the bottom of the E lying rigat against the hilL In the centre of the square formed by the three angles of the building, a fountain, supplied, as M'Leod told me, by the drainage from the hill, scattered its radiating spray refreshingly in the sun, and the stone portico, that completed the letter- resemblance, as it were, was covered with a climbing rose-tree, heavy with blossoms. I need not, however, delay my story by any unnecessary description of Bungarra. I inspected it closely, approved of, and bought the property. Z saw the old woman encumbrance, and pitied her trembling hand and white, worn face, quite enough to. put any idea of her being in the way out of my head, but that she was quite unaware that the properly had changed hands until I went to live on it I discovered within an hoar of my arrival. I had taken up my own man, one I had brought from England with me, and as soon as M'Leod, who had been making some arrangements with me, had gone out, Linton told me that the old woman was very anxious to speak to me. " She's in an awful to-do about something, sir," he added. " I think I never saw a woman's face so white in my life." My permission ushered her into the room almost instantly, and as she stood by the door, hesitatingly holding it in her hand, I had an opportunity of noticing her agitation as extreme. She was so thin and frail-looking, too, and her deep black dress so suggestive of trouble and death, that I felt for the poor old creature, and rose to place her a chair. " Sit down, Mrs. Tqae. If you have anything to say to me, you oan say it more at yoar ease thus." She eat down and lifted her dim eyes to my face as she nervouely fingered tjie cornere of her black apron. It seemed to me as if she were anxiously scanning and trying to read my character in my face. " I didn't know that Colonel Ardwell had sold Bangarra until to-day, sir," she began, " and I'm anxious about it." " Oh, you may set your mind at rest," I hastened to answer. " I am quite aware of the life claim you have on the property, that will be all right/' " But the closed room, sir ? Did the Colonel tell yon about that ?" The question was so anxiously put, and snch a strange one, that I looked hard into the woman's faoe as I returned. "The closed room ? w hat closed room ?" "The roem where Mr. Montford died," she replied, in a low voice, as her eyes fell to tbe floor, and her lips trembled. " Oh, Z remember now 1 Colonel Ardwell did say something about a room being shut np at the back—something about an absurd talk of its being haunted, wasn't it ? But the colonel never visited it, did he ?" " No, sir, no foot has crossed the three hold since the matter died, and he wouldn't rest in his grave if any foot did " My good woman," I said, with a firmness that I have no doubt gave her some insight into my determination of character, " if there is o&e; thicg more utterly abominable and disgusting to me than another it is superstitious nonsense of any sort. I will take care there arc no ghoate aljout this house while am its owner. Which of these keys is that of this haunted room?" and I laid the hunch of keys on the table before her, She painted to one, rusted and discoloured. That is it. but for God's sake, sir, be warned, for there is no luck in crossing the wieheB of the dead." " When the wishes of the dead interfere with the comfort of the living, they shall not be considered at Bungarra," I replied, Mr. Montford's wishes as to yourself he has make lawful and binding on good parchment, but there is no mention of a reserved room; " He had not time, or he would have done it," she murmured. 4 4 No time?" "No sir. I don't think that Colonel Ardwell ever knew how Mr. Montford died, for he never tried to desecrate the room he cut off from the living by his expressed dying wishes, but as you air, are determined to let light into a spot daylight should never penetrate, I tell you that Mr. Montford was murdered in that chamber/' As she spoke, the old woman rose and curtsied to me, and then went out of the door with a tottering step, yet without another word. I was angry, and my curiosity was excited. I put out my hand, and touched the bell for my man, " Linton," 1 said, when he appeared, there's a room in this house, that has been shut up for years tit seems—t want to visit it—do you know in what part of the building it is f" I can igueas, sir, for 1 was wondering at the state of a door at the end of the hill wing, aa Mr. M'Leod calls it. It does not seem to have been opened or dusted for ages, and the cobwebs are in every corner of it." " Here's the key of it. I am going to visit that room." As we passed along the hall that ran right through the building, and rougd its every wing, I looked, but saw nothing of Mrs. Tone,. I thought, perhaps, she might wish to look onae more into the room that evidently held a deep interest for her-^but it was not so. Somehow or other, as I foi lowed Linton along the dim passage that led to the closed room, I felt for the first time in my life some idea of the sensations encountered by the superstitious when they approach the dread scene of a murder or a tragedy. The door was the v»try last in the corridor, and as Linton, with some diificijlty, turned the rusty key in the lock and opened the door, nothing was visible but a darkness wonderful to exist in the broad light of day. The one window opened into this quadrangle formed by the arms of the building, but it was so overgrown by the interlaced ivy that the few rays it admitted were easily caught by the closed Venetian blind inside. Linton at once drew up tbe blind and opened the ^window, while I eagerly waited to see what appearance was presented by this chamber of death It was a tolerably large room, furnished with every convenience as the bedchamber of a gentleman accustomed to be pur rounded with the luxuries as well as the comforts of life. The large half-tester bed was hung and draped with a handsome cretonne, the couch at the-foot of the bed. ana the easy chair by tbe gre*plaoe, wore J covered with the same. A large mirror occupied a prominent place on the carved toilet-table, on which yet remained the combs, brushes, and other toilet requisites, probably as the last owner had lett them, and directly opposite the bed and toilet wore the double doors of a large closet, in which still hung many garments that gave out a damp, mildewed smell as the doors were opened. The strangest thing of all was, however, the fact that from one side of the floor, close to tbe bed, the rich carpet was tossed back, and the boards, whereon were great, dark stains, lay quite exposed. I use the word toesed advisedly, for the carpet was not folded back, but lay as if it had been thrown back by a strong and hurried hand. My man raised his eyes from contemplating these dark stains, and meeting mine said, seriously: This must be the room where Mr. Montford was murdered, sir." " Oh, you've heard that story, then 9" I asked. " Yes, sir; the waiter at the hotel where we baited told me, and seemed to wonder that I did not already know." " Ah 2 and he doubtless hinted a little about a ghost, and all that sort of thing* eh?" " Well, yes, air; he did say that this room was said to be haunted." Exactly so. Now, Linton, you have known me long enough to believe that I won't have any such nonsensical tales about a place that has become my property. I don't believe in ghotts of any shape or form, and, to settle the matter, I shall take this room as a sleeping-chamber for myself. See that it is put in order; have a good fire made; throw open the door and window; have that ivy pruned that keeps out air and light, and to-night I'll see what sort of ghosts haunt Bungarra." " All right, sir." I was going away, leaving the arrangement entirely to Linton, when a curiosity that I felt growing on me urged me to ask a question: "By-the-way, did you hear any particulars of this murder, Linton I suspect the man told me all he knew himself, six-. It seems Mr. Montford was a very odd character, and w&s; known to keep all his money under his own hand. One morning when this old woman, Mrs. Tone, came to bring bis hot water as usual, she found him lying there on the floor in his own blood, and so badly wounded that, although he lived for two days, he scarcely spoke, save to the lawyer that made his will. Mrs. Tone and Jaer son were with him when he died, and no one else." " Her son? where is he now?" 4 1 don't know, sir. The old woman must have been very fond of her master, for tbey say she has never heid up her bead since, and has aged a good twenty years since he died." I went away to the sitting- room, and sat down to try and puzzle a meaning out of the strange story I had heard in oonnection with the old woman's name. That some mystery surrounded both her and the memory of her late master, I was certain, yet I was somewhat uneasy as to the effect my decision to occupy the room myself migut have npon her, so I determined to communicate ii myself, and see if any expression she might let fall would he any guide to me. It W&B; a lovely afternoon, the sun as it drooped to tbe west falling fully on the playing waters of tbe fountain in the centre of what I may term the court-yard, formed by tbe angles of tbe building. I went out, and, standing in the porch, looked toward the room wuere my valet was busy, it was on my righi, at the extreme end of the wiog of tue hujue. as I have already stated, aud then for the first time I observed, at a little distance from the room, and lying right against the hill itself, a small tenement with a. chimney and a patch of flowers in front. It struck me that it was the habitation of old Mrs. Tone, Impulsively I strolled across tbe yard, and approached the open door of the small cot' t&ge.; If I had any doubts as to its being the old woman's place of abode, the eight of her seated inside, with her head bowed on the table, aud her withered hands clasped above it, was sufficient to set them at rest. The poor creature was apparently in great agitation—great sobs shaking her frail body from head to foot. I could not help wondering if this awful grief had anything to do with the opening of the room in which her unfortunate master had died, but I do not think I should have ventured to make my presence known under the circumstances. I had, however, hardly drawn back to go, when she lifted her white, tear-stained face, and saw me. The thoughts of my mind sprang to my lips ere I had time to think. *' I hope it is not anything connected with the closed room that is troubling you thus, I said. " You are old enough to know that such foolish superstitions should not be carried to tbe edge of the grave." 1 4 1 do not blame you—you know no better, and it is the will of God," she replied, shortly, as she wiped her dim eyes. You lead too lonely a life, my poor woman," I oontinued, 4 'you have brooded over tbe sad loss of a doubtless good master until your brain bae become weakened. At your age it is not right for you to live by yourself. Where is your son, who was here at Mr. Montford's death ?" X| I had struck the woman with a stone sh* could not have more visibly staggered; she drew back suddenly, as if from a heavy blow, and stared at ma with a terror that almost commuuicated itself to me. What bad I said or done to cause suoh an awful exhibition of fear and horror as lay stark in in that old woman's faoe t 1 began to tbink, as the most simple elucidation of all the mystery that seemed to surround her, that her brain was really giving way under her trouble and loneliness. Yon did not understand me, I fear, Mrs. Tone, I only asked you if you knew where your son was. He would be company for you and, if you thought fit, I have no doubt employment could be found for him on the station. Do you know wbejre be is He is dead; de$di dead!" she cried, wildly, " dead to life, dead to hope, dead to God, and dead to mel" and tossing her thin arms above her bead, she tottered into an inner ehamber and lett mfi'ta go back even more bewildered than when I had left the parlour. As 1 passed the open window of the room I had decided on oconpying, Z paused and locked in; Linton had got M'Leod s house keeper at wor£ with him, the oarpet was lifted and shaken, and the hangings removed from the bed for the purpose o! airing and dusting, doubtless. The mattrasses and bedding had also disappeared and tbe floor bad been scrubbed. A bright fire biased on thfc |ow hf^rth, and the most aiinCiiaftriniia superstitious iRAnlil would It have n n/\ £aiim found J little qf a* I the haunted room in the appearance presented by the renovated chamber. I said as much to my man while the woman bad gone out to bring the carpet off the grass " Yes, sir, it begins to look more habit, able, but it is too hurried; the day is wearing so fast. I have not been able to clean out the closet, which, you know, is full of the dead gentleman's clothes, and I have put the mattrasses ^and bedding in there until to-morrow—but that will not oome out," and be pointed to the blood stains on the floor by the bed, which were beginning to creep boldly to view again from the drying moisture of the scrubbingbrush. " Never mind; the carpet will cover it," was my reply, as I went away. Well, night came, and bedtime, when escorted by my attendant, I went to spend my first night in the mysterious chamber. Nothing could look more comfortable. My own easy-chair and slippers stood by the clear fire; all my toilet requisites were spread out on the snowily-draped toilet, the silver tops and stoppers reflecting themselves brightly in the tall, dark mirror behind them. The lamp burned clearly, and the bed, folded down ready for occupation, looked soft and white, and enticing enough to tempt a man less fatigued than I found myself to the soundest of slumbers. "Would it not be as well for me to sleep on this couch to-night, sir, so as to be handy in case you want me?" Linton hesitatingly asked as he was about to retire, and was lowering the light with the evident intention of leaving it burning. "WhatI" I almost roared, "am I to have you turning superstitious on my hands, too Linton P Well, I give you notice, that if I ever see such another symptom of it, you leave my service, if you had been twenty instead of ten years in it. What should I want you for P or if I should, there is a bell close to the bed. Put out that light, and go." Before complying, the man took the bell pull which was tbe old-fashioned cord and tassel, and twiued it lightly round tbe bed post, so a* to be within reach of my hand, then he blew out the light, and went out on tip-toe, and without another word. it would be false to say that I did not experience any unusual sensations as I lay there la tbe semi-darkness, and in the room where a dread tragedy had been performed, tor I did. Not that I was afraid, or hud the least anticipations of any spiritual visitation, but I got to pioturing that last night of Mr. Montford, and fancying his sensations as he awoke with th« murderer'* knife at his breast. A struggle for dear life had been enacted ou the very bed I occupied; ruddy blood had poured so deeply Into the boards by my side that the stains yet bore witness against the murderer and refused to be obliterated. Who was the murderer? I knew nothing of the affair save what I bad gathered that day, and I was igaorantjpf a fact that I afterwards discovered, vie., that Mr. Montford waa supposed to have reoogalsed the »piller of blood, but sealed bis lips as to his identity, that remained to that very day unknown. The glow of the red embers alone gave a taluk light around the hearth, aud the silence, save by the ticking of my watoh above my head, was unbroken. The unaccustomed air, ex«rclae, and excitement of the day had fatigued me, and gradually my thoughts began to wander and grow confused. I fell t*leep, and knew no more until I was suddenly awakened by a strange concussion that I oould not comprehend, and whioh seemed to have shaken the be<l as though some heavy body had violently struck against it. 1 sat up in bed and listened. For a moment Z oould have fancied that some one was In the room, and that I heard a door creak, but, feeling angry with myself tor being so impressed by what mast have been a dream, I took the matches from the night aland, struck one, and lit the re-tdy wax light. As soon as it fairly threw its Illumination round the chamber Z aa«r lying at the foot of the bed tba budding and mattresses removed by Ltaboa from the bedstead I lay upon. I was very angry, for I felt considerably shaken by thstsudden start 1 bad been awakened with, and I took advantage of my man's arrangement of tbe belUrope to pall it lastily. Linton made bis appearance so quiokiy that it was evident he had not retired, and he presented himself with a frightenedlooking face that still further aggravated me. What is tbe matter, sir ? Oh!" and bo stared at the bedding on the floor in such undisguised astonishment that I oould have struofe him. 4 4 The matter ? You see it well enough. How dare you, sir—how' dare you arrange that bedding so carelessly in the closet that it must oome tumbling out in tbe dead of night ? At my time of life it might be of very eerioua eonseqaenos to me to be awakened by a shook like this." Ibegyoar pardoa, sir; Ipaoked the heap up with my own hands, and it seemed to me an impossibility for it to tumble down." " There's your impossibility 1" I said, pointing to the annoying matter. " Take it out of this, to the ;passsge, the yard, anywhere, so that I am ensured from a repetition of this annoyance." 4 But the closet door is shut, sir. Have yon been up ?" No, I had not been up; yet there was the closet door closed to a certainty. " Bah 1 it has a tendency to close itself like 4 many other doors," I romarkftd. 4 Qgt that rubbish out aud take yourself off, Linton." The man passed round to take up some of the blankets, etc., for removal, and, all at once, I saw him stop and droop tbe otndle he carried in his hand toward tbe floor. 4 1 You haven't been out of bed, sir," bo said, looking at me with a puzzled and rather frightened expression—" you haven't noticed the oarpet?" "The oarpet V 1 leaned over the bed to see what was the matter with the oarpet,jand was more than astonished, for the floor was bare where the stains, were and the oarpet flang back, jast se I bad observed it to be on my flrat visit to the room, I knew it could not have been «o When I had retired, as I entered the bed from the oarpeted spot where Mr, Montford'* blood had been spilled. There's some trickery going on hero," I* 4 declared, and that old woman's in it. Take out that heap of rubbish, and, when you have done so. I will look the doorgbehind you t" I could peroeive front Linton's manner that he was far from heing at ease, and oast fqrtive looks toward the oleset as he passed it. He did not, however, offer to open or searoh it, but, when he had once more retired, I rose, looked tbe door, and opened that of the closet, whioh had no look, but simply a latch, lifted by means of a brass handle on the outside. It was not even latohed, and, though hung round with clothes, oould by no means have afforded concealment to a human being. Again Z returned to bed, having assuredly latchad the dopv of the closet Z had closely examined, and drawn up the blind, against Which the moonlit shadows of ivy leaves were flickering as the soft braese moved them to and fro. Zt was some time ere I slept again. In spite of my reason I felt aom^what nervous * Q d m ease, I forgot to say that Linton t « » ™ . * • had re«apread tha carpet over the unholy stains, and it was the fact of the carpet being removed that punled me most. But at last, with the full determination of throw Ing some light on the mystery by a full searoh on the morrow, I dropped off asleep once more. It must have been instlnot that awoke me next, for, as I suddenly opened my eyes, not a sound fell npon my ears. With an unacknowledged dislike to turn my back toward the side from which the carpet had been w mysterionily removed, I bad frllfu asleep with my face toward it aud iom&iq; the window. I saw tbe shadows of the ivy leaves, and the moon's r»ya streaming between them, and, as Z more fully aroused myself, Z beoame conscious of a dark object lower down, and between me and the lower part of the window—some being was doubtless in the room with me / I did not mov*. I watched it so closely that, even in the darkness below the window, Z began to fancy Z could trace the outlined •hade of a kneeling human form. The bowed head, that alone rose to Intervene between me and the brightness of the moonlit window, seemed to oscillate slowly to and fro, and a something bright certainly gleamed In what appeared to be clasped hands over which long voluminous sleeves draped themselves darkly. So near seemed that figura to me that, reaching out my hand, I could have touohed It, yet, coward that I was after all, I dared tnot stretch It out. Oat movement I made. It was to seize th« matches for the purpose of striking a ligu-. As I did so, and tbe growing blase grew, flickered, and caught the wick of the wax light, I eagerly looked toward the window. There was nothing there—not the shadow of a shadow, but the oarpet was again thrown back from the stains of blood. Z slept no more that night, and was rejoiced to see the daylight appear after the longest hours of darkness I had ever experienced. While yet in the silence and depth of night I had to own to myself that I experienced a sort of uaaooouutable awe at the apparently unearthly visitations I hud experienced; bat as the diy'aeams broke sunnily into the weird room I began to fancy I must have dreamed of that knoellag form, or pictured it to mygaU b/ the force of an excited imagination. It required only the sight of the disarranged carpus to assure me that some kind of unknown power had really been at work in the locked room. I rang the bell, rose and unlocked the door to admit Linton, whose very first look was one of horror at the again disturbed carpet ; knowing I should require his assistance in tii« thorough examination I intruded ui aking, I told him my experiences of the night while I wns dressing. 44 We ar<i tue subjects ot trick., the object of which is to keep us out of this 4 rooui," I concluded. 4 The trick I am b<mt upon discovering for the purpose of puiuah ing Its author- The object, I d«ret>af, will be found out also; but I am certain that old j woman has something to do with both." First I caused every article of attire to be turned out of the closet, and m«de a close s«arch of It for some surreptitious mtans of entrance, but 1 could find none. Then, while L'nton was disposing of the late Mr. Montford's garments, over hedges and fences, for the purpose of baing thoroughly aired, I went to old Mrs. Tone's cottage, intending plainly to accuse her of having annoyed me during the night, but I was fated to be disappointed at every step. The cottage was locked up and silent, and the very key had disappeared from the key-hole. 4 1 Someone there must be residing in the aelghbourhpod who Is acquainted with the circumstances of Mr. Montford's death," I said to my man, after breakfast. " I shall ride over to the township and see it I cannot find out the medical man who attended him at his death. 4 That will be useless, air," Liaton replied. " I have been inquiring of Mr. M 4 Leod, the manager, and he says the doctor here is a new man, oome sinoe he did himself, whioh was only when Colonel Ardwell bought the property. D jyou thtok, •I*, t hsfc It wouH ha nay gr.ol to ««q iir<9 of the Cithollc e!"r£yraa.i ? T<K-y «*y ths dead gentlem&a; was ft vary uirict Rjimu Catholic, aud so is Mrs. F^rd." "Is a«n, at loasfc, do no harm to ^liry *nd get seme advice ia the affilr," I aald ; " bat you Imay be su*e if the clergy mam knows anything he kas been bound to ser.r^by, or more of the elftlr would be known in the neighbourhood. However, I eh*l) call on the clergyman." And in au honr 1 had rlddea from Bungarra, leaving LU'.on strict orders to keep the mysterious chamber close fastened until my return. I was forfcua&te; In fiadiag Father O'C mnor at home—and au Intelligent and friendly man-of-the- world. He lUtaned to my relation of my troubles a nd mysteries wish a face that grew more and more serious aa I proceeded. When I rolated the fact of Mrs. Fone'e disappearance he rose suddenly, and with some exoltament. " I must retura to Bangirra with you, sir," he said. " You are qalta right In supposing that I know much of the facta of Mr. Montford's murder that are unknown to th« police; thesa facts were confided to me under seal ot confession—a seal which death must soon break If It has not already done so. Excuse ma while I order my horse." We returned together to the stations and nearly in silence, as the priest seemed anxiously broodiug, and in haste to res.**- oar destination. Aa soon as we disnf'.^ in the court, bo walked 8t»^* dt to ' M" rfJ Tone's door, and knocked ^ , oad j ' " Mary I Mwy Tn* e [ open, it is I, Father O'Connor oat there was neither reply or fioi^jd, and, without farther parley, being a tall, powerful man, he put his sbonlder to tbe door and burst it open. There was no one in tbe little room, and no sign of late habitation. As the priest was about to enter>he back apartment, be turned to me and said, hurriedly; Oblige mc by going to Mr. Montford's room, air, I will join you there shortly, and explain all this," and be disappeared, closing the door behiud him. 44 Thea« extraordinary proceedings certainly require some explanation," I observed, with some announce, to Lintoa, who waB standing at the door, " but open tba door and let ug await Inn roverence as be has indicated." To a haunted room being, as I have before said, the last of the wing against the hill, it was but a few steps from Mrs. Tone's place, yat to gain it we had to go round by the portico and so along tbe hall to it. Linton placed the key in the door, turned it in the lock, and drew baok to allow me to enter, Z did until Z bad passed the threshold, and then, with an exclamation half of fear and half ot amazement, I stood still for a moment to realise the awful pioture before my eyes. On the bare floor by the bedside, for the replaced oarpet had again been drawn back, a figure in a long, dark and coarse garment was lying still and motionless. The figure was that of a man, and the portion of the countenance unhidden by th« tangled grey beard was ghastly white and emaciated to extremity. The sunken eyes were open partially, and the thin hands clasped to the vcaruely heaving breast a sliver crucifix. From the position in whtoh the body lay It would seem as it the man had fallen over from his knees, and it was but too evident that he was dying—even in that moment ot painful surprise It flashed upon me that Z w&s; looking upon the murderer ot Mr. Montford! At this moment, to my greater surprise, Father O'Connor entered the room by the door of the closet, and, kneeling by the dying man, raised his head on his knse. Evidently be was recognised, for a sad smile passed over hia l>pa as he weakly murmured. " It is just, Father, I die on the spot where » took life," and his h«ut fell over and rested « dead cheek on the dark stain of the blood he had splUtd» 1 ISUUUut OV«JL Jtoi iiC»U vviiiioas U ti f*elu.'ga I ''xperieflced during the a**; fc* hours at my uew purchase. The clergyman had found Mrs. Tone Is & dying stats in the cellar that had served as her son's voluntary hiding pl*Cfj Itow the world since the murder of her master. It wza impossible and Impolitic to attempt further concealment, and * magisterial inquiry held oa the bodie* brought to light most of the partioukra related to me prlva-.oly by Father O'Connor. 4 4 John Tone had always been a wild character," ho said, "and the tame life at Bungarra did not suit hint, so ht made up bis mind to rob his master of the gold be knew was kept in a small vault oommunieatiog with Mr. Montford's room by a well concealed spring door in tbe closet. H? did not calouiate on bis master's waking and recognising him, however, and in hiu terror of discovery and punishment stabbed him to the death, as he hoped. He did not immediately die, however, and the mother'* pleadings for her sou's life acted so upon the dying gentleman that be helped to conceal the crime, entrusting the truth' to none but me. I felt less responsibility in keeping the secret as tbe wretohed man was so overcome with repentance and remorse as to be unwilling to look in the face of day, and has spent those years in penances and prayers and fasting that would have worn out a stronger frame than his. Zt was bis practice to pray nightly on tbe spot he had spilled blood—his crime waa great, nie atonement was heavy—may God rest his soui." I have spent many happy days at Bangarra since these events. My only and widowed sister has joined me from home, aud her happy children make the fine <A6 bouse gay with lively voices. Tbe ivy on the stone walls is green and clustering, the roses on *Ua paicu, blushing and sweetscented. Thu fouuiain plays and sparkier its diamond spray in the sun, end thuie are no ghosts haunting the long halls, yet, I must confess to tne weakness of having razdd Mrs. Tone's cottage to the ground and reclosed Mr. Montford's room. 