Cjje lliberijte Itrafe (PUBLISHED DAILY). Echuca : Saturday, June 24, 1882. The new Licensing Act of New South Wales is causing a vast amount, of heart burning and trouble to those tradesmen whom it affects ; and, after the great length of time occupied by the two Houses of Legislature in digesting its vai'ious clauses, it appears.to be one mass of incongruities. Even the most enthu / siastic supporters of the Bill in Sydney have not ventured to say it' is free' from radical defects. At the late meeting at Moama, Mr Wilson, the member for the; Murray district, drew attention to se-, : vei'al of its most important features, aiid said that so far as Sydney was concerned he thought it would effect a great deal of good, but there was little doubt that it would inflict some hardships in country ; districts: Mr. Chanter, who addressed the same meeting, very- cleai-ly pointed out some of those hardships. But it re uiained for the late Licensing-meeting held at Moama to disclose to publicans the true position they were in with regard to the working of the new Act. There were eight applications for renewals of licenses, and, no doubt, each applicant felt confident that, having complied with the old Act, and held-a license for so long, no difficulties would be-.thrown in the way. But here they were mistaken' ; in the very outset, the clause compelling a certain,amount of accommodation, barred the way*. In not one instance did the premises contain the accommodation and space required, and in many cases the rooms ware not of the regulation height, .viz., 9 tout. This clause was one of the most lvotly discussed in the Legislative Council^ where it was pointed out by Mr. Jacob that the requiring all public.houses to have not less than four bedrooms of not less than 9 feet in height, would compel ouehalithe public- houses in the colony to be' closed, because, although the accom mbdationthey contained was both suitable and sufficient-for their requirements, they did not-contain the full extent of cubic space prescribed. Of course in towns, cities, andboroughs, the clause is most essentially necessary, but in country districts, where travellers are few, arid lodgers ; still' scarcer, it is simply, an unnecessary hardship and injustice. The presiding magistrate, Mr. Donaldson, no doubt saw the hardship, and took advantage,of the clause by which he granted an extension of nine .mouths in which to effect the required alterations; and for each "applicant to conform to the ( strict letter of the law. Even this con--', cession will place some of the publicans in a veryunpleasant-and peculiar position. Their premises have /hitherto been found ample for their business, and the tride transacted'.'barely: sufficient to cover the expenses of • the license fees; yet now many of them will, fie compelled to expend £100 in making; the required alterations. It was no wonder that Mr. Cona^t, who ap peared for the applicauts,shqnld complain bitterly of the arbitrary character of the new Act j: he, expressed a hope that the Legislature would take the matter into consideration, and insert a clause making premises which had been licensed under the old Ac6'eligible for re-license. The iiext pciint adverted to was that of railway refreshment 'rooms, which according to the Act, are required to have the same accommodation as a first-class hotel. That this is unjust and unfair is manifest from the very fact; that - these railway refivslu ment rooms are built by the Government, with a simple' view' of affording refresh ment to travellers by train, who can at best but stay at few minutes, and therefore the extra accommodation is not required. • If the c'ause was upheld, railway refresh ment rooins on railways in New South Wales would soon, disappear.' The pre siding magistrate pointed out that the Go vernmentclid not .recognise railway re freshment rooms as public-houses, and had limitedrtheii;^liquors to colonial wine ;; no . brandy or otherspirits:could be sold there'.'• In the House, .several of the members characterised 'tliik':clause as.one introduced ■ by .'.the teetotallers to prevent accidents. Several other incongruities . were dilated on by Mr, Conant, but now there comes another which has just cropped up, and may be of interest to publicai. a on the New South Wales side of the river. The Si/dnr.j/ Daily Telegraph narrates that " Some time since a publican named Daly was charged before the Licensing Court with selling liquor during prohibited hours, and was lined £5 for the offence. It was shown at the prosecution that the police looked through a window, and saw a number of persons drinking in the bar, ind as the publican failed to prove that they exempted under the Act, he was , iined in the amount stated. Daly, how- j jver, appealed to the Court of Quarter , sessions at Darlinghurst against the de- 1 vision of the Licensing Court, on the - grounds that the offence with which lie ,vas charged was not proved, that the onus t )f showing that the persons supplied with- ^ •ftfreshments were not exempted, rested | j vith the informer, and tliat there «a< no | ] ividenee to prove that liquor was drunk at I 1 he ' public bar,' as stated in the int'or- , c nation. Mr. District Court Judge ; * vIurray, before whom the appeal was j leard, ruled that the onus of proof was ^ t'ith the informer, and quashed the con- . t iction, not only on this account, but be- p ause there was no evidence of the sale of fi liquor having taken place at the pub ic bar.' The importance of this will be seen ^ when it is contrasted "with the "Victonai _ Statu'O; where the onus lies on the ac 2usc.ll to prove the recipient a bona fi''<■ traveller. . When the bill was first intro duced into the New South Wales Legis- i lature there was a similar proviso, but j during the debate, it was struck out, and ^ the clause now stands on the principle that there must be evidence of guilt be fore the person accused can be eomicted. There can be no question that his Honour Judge Muhiiay was correct in his interpretation, and there fore it will be received with some degree of satisfaction that in future the informer must prove the facts of the in formation, and shew that the persons drinking were exempted from the provi sions of °the Act or otherwise. How this escaped the keen observation of the legal luminaries in the two Houses, is a mys tery. Hitherto the Licensing Courts have maintained in some extraordinary manner that the accused publican should prove his innocence, and it was sufficient for (he informer to assert his guilt, but evidently from this ruling the Magistrates have misi'ead the law, and acted accord ingly. Now it is a maxim of the English law, that " it is better that ten guilty men ! should escape than one innocent person i should suffer." But law is one thing, justice is another, and in Sydney, a large number of publicans have been fined because they failed to_ controvert the charges laid against tlietn. And then comes the rub ; the ict specifies that after three convictions a publican is liable to have his license cancelled. If the convic t'ons have so far been illegal, how will that. affect this clause ? The unfortunate pub lican has no redress,', except so far as the word used is. p liable." It is impossible to go back and redress old wrongs, and they have therefore ta take the risk of the temper or whim of the Licensing Courts. As the case now stands, according to Judge MuitRA-y's interpretation, the police will not only have to prove the sale of the liquor, but -they will also have to show that itlie persons to whom it is sold are neither lodgers nor travellers. They will have that mos.t difficult of all tasks to accomplish, viz., to prove a negative. It would be a very simple matter for a publican to swear'that ; the customers lie svas serving were either lodgers or tra vellers, but an extremely difficult matter for the'police to prove the contrary, and ib is on this point, in our opinion, that the Act fails. The Act itself is an ex tremely stringent one—-in. fact too much so—but there are loopholes through which according to the. ruling referred to, the proverbial coach and four could easily be driven through. In the present Act, there are many other provisions besides those- referred to, which are calculated to harrass publicans, and no corresponding benefit is provided ; these might with ad vantage be abolished, as the public interest demands that no law in the Statute Book should beso lax inits machinery as to render it inoperative 3 as the case now stands, if one portion can be infringed with impur nity so can another, and by this means the public would lose all respect for it, and the result would be that the measure would become a dead letter. We have, thus en deavored to point out for the considera tion of those most interested the hard ships under which; they suffer fro.n the extreme rendering of the certain clauses of the Licensing Act, also some of its im . perfections. These, 110 doubt, will early receive the attention of the Legislature, as the evil effects have been felt not only-in Deniliqnin and Moaiua, but in various other parts of tli.: colony at a distance from any recognised centre of population. Siiippi.vo Notks.—The. barges "Energetic and Willnndra were berthed under the cranes yesterday, and each received a large cargo of general merchandise for ports on the Mur rumbidgee. The former accompanies the ste nner Maggie,' and the lather the Murrum bidgee., Both vesseis sail to-day. The steamer Pearl commences loading cargo 011 Monday, for Balranald and Hay, and will 110 doubt sail on Tuesday night or Wednesday. The steamer Rivcrina passed Swan Hill yesterday on her way to the Murrumbidgee. The Lancashire passed Eiisfconson her way to Ecbuca yesterday, and the Success left Went worth on the same day also for this port. Kyabuam East Plougiiin-g Match.—A very large meeting of the committee of the Kyabrani East Ploughing Match . was held at Henly's Hotel. Kyabrani, 011 Wednesday evening last, to'receive entries and to make final arrangements for successfully carrying out the programme. The prize money amounts to over £220, and- more than 80 ploughmen have; entered for the different evpnts. For,the right to erect publican's booth and supply, the*c nnmittee, &c.;, with 300 lunches, a large number of tenders were s3nt in from E j1.ii a, Rochester,'Tatura, a-id other parts' of tlie district ; ultimately the tender of Mr. M. Colgan of: this town was accepted. Messrs.; "Gillies and Fraser, the members for the district, in accepting invi tations, have' signified their intentiu.i of being present. It is anticipated that an assemblage of . b tweeri .three and four thousand people will be :pressnt 011 the day. of the-inatch^ including several members of" the Ministry who have been invited by the committee. Tiie Shiue Council a^i> Mb. Akruurst. —This matter came. .before the: Supra.ne Court in Chambers on .Thursday.last, in the form of a summons' issue 1 by the Shire against Mr., Akehurst, .the object ,being to supplement, • iu ;certain•. respects,; (the-. last order made by His Honor:' As on the pre vious occasion, 1'ihigthy affidavits by Messrs. Webb -and Pemberton wero. relied -on by counsel acting for the Shire. -Mr." Ak'ehurst's solicitor said he was instructed to consent to an amended order, but to oppose the Shire's application for costs. Not only so,' but the consent was "only conditional on the. Shire paying Mr. Akehurst's .costs of the present proceeding. His Honor made the order as consented to, and granted the application for costs in favour of Mr. Akehurst. The latter was represent*.1.i by Mr. Barrow, and Mr.Fiuk appeared for the Shire. It must be.understood that this decision is conclusive. nil's \V(J SU^JUaUj 1UU1U.UU11.CU^ LU uc.^uuy i as only initiator.). Pkksbytkyian Cuukoh.—The Rev. R. Hamilton, of Fitzroy, is advertised to preach in the above church to-morrow, morning and evening. Tub iluTCHUR's Shops.—The example set by one of tiie leading butchers, of Hare street,has (juickly been followed by the other knights of the cleaver, and last night most >f the establishments in question in the .ending thoroughfares -.vera highly decorated. rVt Nolan and Stoke3, fac 8 and figures of .he animals whose carcasses form the stock ;o be disposed of were arranged in artistic ityle by Mr. Voivles, and so neatly set '.ill' vith flowers and other decorations as to jrove very attractive. Ste[)hens and H'Phaif, 011 the opposite side of the street, lave a splendid display of beef, the various uts and joints being arranged in ve y tempt ng array. Mr. Mullins, in High street, had . iineshow of lambs and sheep, buc more es iecially the former—enough to induce any ourmct to invest. Tl.ii pleasant rivalry in lie art of meat display, will, no doubt, rove interesting to the c Jiisumei's, and pro table to the purveyors. The Agricultural Society.—The ad journed special meeting of the Echuca Pas ;oral and Agricultural Society will be held vt the Commercial Hotel,this afternoon at 2 j'olock. The business to be discussed is the completion from class I of the prize list. Several new features have been introduced into the programme already dealt with, and 110 doubt others will be discussed to-day. The committee spare no pains to make their annual shows as attractive as possible. Poultry and Pk; Bitr.i:i>tnCompany.— Wo arc glai to observe a prospectus is out for the formation of a company of this character, which lias for its object the pro duction of such necassary articles of our con sumption. The profits arising from similar esttblishmentsare too well known to rowuivo much comment. The price of the shares which are put at 5s., should meet the wishes of every section of the community who may wish to invest, and the names of the Provi sional Directors ar > a snbstantial guarantee to the bona fides of the company. We notice the proposal embraces the purchase of the old Boileau Meat Preserving grounds, build ings, and land, for a sum far below what the buildings are actually insured for—so clear are the promotsrs of the ultimate success of toe undertaking, and with a determination that no thought shall exist in the minds of intending investors but that the strictest economy is to be practised from the first in ception of the proposed uiidert iking. Messrs. Brown and Seward are the brokers in the matter, from whom all further -information and prospectuses cau be obtainod'on applica tion. Echuca Polic.? Court.—A blank sheet was presented at the Echuca Police Court yesterday. . ] A Recovered Bank Note.—In our issue of yesterday we mentioned that • a person had lost- a Commercial/Bank note for £10, whilst shopping in High-street on Thursday evening last, and also requesting anyone who might find it to return the same to our office when they would receive £1 for their trouble. In response to this, appeal a little girl named Maiyaret Weir, residing at .the Es planade, calUcl at our office yesterday and delivered the note. . From the readiness evinced by the tinder to. return the mouey it was evident that she had only been await ing -information as to its ownership for its immediate restoration. 'The loser, admiring the little girl's honesty, supplemented the reward off red by 10s., and' expressed his intention of further , showing his appreciation of her meritorious conduct. In our adver tising columns he also returns thanks to Mrs. Weir. • r if. Leases.—Leases for the undermentioned persons are awaiting delivery at the sub treasury, Echuca: A. Anderson, A. A. Allan (2); D. Bradley, M. Brown, iVI. Burns, A. Brown, J Bateman, P. Carey, L." Clough, T. Co.nley, M.. Curtis jun., M. Curtin, P. Corcoran, E. M. Curtis, It. Cant well,. W. Calder, 11. Cornish. W. Dunpliy, W. Eeseley, J. Farrant jun.". W. Fleming, W. Fowler, P. Fox, M. M Fay, G. H. Gilbert, E. Gray, E. 0. Hannasy, F. Hawken, G. H. Hawken, It. Hepp.ell, J. Hillet, R. Honey, M. Hanlon, J. Hogan, J: Jones, J. Ivernan, M. Madden, S. Maxwell, C. Mancer, M. Mooney, H. Munro, Mary Mooney, F. Meeking, J. Menzies and ii. Harper, J. M'Orossen, J. •Keowan, E. M'Intyre, James Graham, L. "Grinter, M. O'Kam, P. O'Brien, L. O'Lough lin, R. E. 0',Sullivan, D. Packhain, M. Pratt, M. Pratt jun., G. J. Piggings, J. Reedy, T. Rigney, It. Rigney, M. Ryan, C, Ryan, J. T. Ruttle, J. Shanah'an, M. Slattery, C. Ryan, W. Tehan, T. Walsh, J. M. Whitfield, (3), C. Williams, J. Wright, W. Watson and D. Ward. The Defence Works at the Heads.— The Government steariier Despatch arrived at Swan Island on Thursday afternoon, with punts in tow, conveying one of the three 9in. guns intended to be mounted at the battery on the island, for the protection of the West Channel. The' work of discharging the gun and parbucking it to its position in the battery will be . proceeded with at once by Major Sneo. The contractors, Messrs Gainsworthy and Smith, who have over 50 men employed constructing the batteries, will supply the labor. Great progress has been made by the contractors. Nearly two thirds of the earthworks have been com pleted, entirely enclosing the battery. There are also two of the archways finished, and the platform and breastwork for the third 9in. guu will be completed in about two months time. The contractors expect to have the whole of their portion of the works completed within six months, and the -guns ready for mounting. When this contract is completed, the works will have a very com pact appearance, and there will only remain the erection of the. keep for mounting the Gatling guns, and the construction of the torpedo and artillery store-rooms, for which there are enclosures on the left of the bat tery, and on the right there is an inclosure for general camping purp ses, the wlide protected by the earthworks, aiid only ap proachable through the. porticos. The Ballauat Ghost. —The ghostly doings •at the Victoria Unity Company (says the Gunrisr), have drawn crowds of men, women, and children to the claim* every night this week, about the time when churchyards yawn and graves give up their dead. All were animated by a desire to see a ghost, but were doomed to disappointment, for the shost did not walk. Some of the watchers were armed with missiles for presentation to the embotlied tpirit, and one enthusiastic ghost hunter, with more gusli than sense, j had provided himself with a firearm for the ] purpose of resting the perturbed spirit. Last night there was a crowd,^as usual, .at the claim, and the shot guu was., banged olf with great ceremonial, but thel-ghost, which is variously estimated to be like different things, a ,d from 13 to 31 feet, high, and so forth, did not perambulate. The scare, however, having become so thorough among some people, an.l drea ling the danger of thought less youths executing reprehensible-practical, jokes under cover of the ghostly visitation, the " only original ghost" desires the whole secret exploded, and the mystery dissipated. He desires to state tliafc ""lie .is,in, and hopes long to be of, the flesh ; "that [lie intended when starting the fun to let some men see how easily gulled they were ; and, that he does not intend to do it again, so that any fresh. manifestation will be the work of,- an unauthorised ghost, and -an unwarrantable liberty., Hi.ronly art was that of disguising voice, and his' only assistant was that peculiar twist in some men's minds which makes them look for the supernatural in any circumstance they cannot' immediately understand. He works at the mine, and when the credulous of his mates are about, by an.' alteration of the tones of his' voice, and slinging a stone now and then against a building, or any thin that will make a sound, does the g'-ost trick. This thing has been going on for years, but latterly has greatly exercised the minds of the superstitious in' the neighborhood, with the result, that an amusing joke, unless a stoo is nut to the wav in which some neooli; have taken it up» will deepen into a trouble some alFair. Suxday Cocrsisg.—In Melbourne, on Sunday evening a number of young men, who had spoilt the day in coursing f r hares in j\Ir. W. 0. Clirke's Roekb.ink estate, \v re intercepted on their return, and their names and addresees taken, with a veiw tu proceed ing against them. Tlie sporting turn-out was on rather a large scale; they had about liventy dogs, and it required three vehicles, one oi which was a furnirure van. ti: accom molate the paity. TV I r, .Mitchell, manager of the ll'ickbank station, complains that cours ing matches take place in he paddocks every Sunday, to the great, detriment of the sheep. tJreat Uritaiu Is not prepared to recognise tlie Egyptian M nistry. Thomas l;owerma:;, a youug man, has been fearfuily mutilated by the explosion of a blast at i'unnant Hills, Jf.S. W. 