Turf Talk. "Br OARPTAÏT. SPORTING matters in New South "Wales, at tho present, are flat, stalo, and unprofitable. Everybody in the sporting world appears to havo found his way to tho trans-Murray city, where they aro holding high raoo carnival. Tho only event of any import anco which talcos placo this week in New South Wales is tho Tamworth Spring Racos, and judging from tho entries which they havo received, their gathering should provo highly interesting. An additional attraction is givon by tho sport ing residents, in tho shapo of a grand pigeon shooting contest, and among tho names aro some of our crack metropolitan shots. The principal ovont set down for decision to-day in connection with tho V.A.T. Club mooting, ia thc Caulfield Cup, and tho issno should lio between Darobin, Lord j Burghley, Assyrian, Creswick, Prattle and j Major. In tho Windsor Handicap thoro i aro over 30- candidatos, Larpoiit heading thc list with 9st 91b, finishing up with Lapstone Cst 71b. Among tho number aro some very fast horses, and if I were sure of Larpent starting, I would soloed him aa ono to supply tho winner. Baron Von Muellor Sst 111b, Verdure 8st Sib, The Ghost 8s 21b, Kanaka 7st 111b, Saionara 7st 91b, and Hebrew 7st 81b, aro about tho most likely to supply tho winner. Dhurringile is rather severely treated in tho Hurdlo Race, having list 12lb allotted him. Flambeau and Tamworth bring up tho rear division with 9st each. Sportsman is raised 71b, Ehcsu3 31b, aud Gambler Sib, on their last Saturday's running, and with Merry Maid and Coquette, thoy should boat every thing olso. Tho Nursery Handicap has a field of good youngsters, and I think tho best will bo found among tho top weights, St. Laurouco, Delusion, Quality, Honora, and Bis Bis. Inspired no doubt by a desire to omulato tho doods of our southern neighbours, in thc matter of commend able alteration in our racecourse properties, tho A.J.C.committoo havo doomed it fit to malro a num ber of improvements at Randwick. In tho first placo, tho St. Log-or stand is levelled, and a torraco,'or hill, continued across tho enclosure which will ac commodate about 4090 spectators. At tho rear will be a long lino of booths, and in caso of incloraont weather tho pooplo can obtain shelter under thom. Tho carriago paddock is also being enlarged. Whilo those alterations aro going on with a viow to improve tho nppoaranco of tho . racecourse and it3 edificoa, might it not bo as well if the committee would bestow moro thought on tho ? condition of tho different training tracks P If owners and trainers of horses arc not treated with somo little rospocfc after tho foes which tho Jockey Club annually reooivo from thom in training subscriptions, wo must only oxpoct thom to remain where they can find and obtain tho uso bf properly-conditioned training grounds. If a few improvements wore mado in our tan and sand tracks, it would bo accepted as a groat boon to trainers. During tho oarly portion of the spring there could not bo bottor "going" than Randwick, but in the summer time complaints aro frequently mado to mo by trainers of tho numerous inequalities on,the training tracks;. It is to bo hoped that thia season nothing of tho kind will bo hoard from trainers. Owners desirous of obtaining nominations for tho Anniversary Handicap, run for in connection with tho Sydney* Turf Club, on January 2G, must remdm bor that they closo October 19, at tho secretary's ofiieo, Kinff-stroot. Tho committee have issued thou1 programme, and aro calling for entries protty oarlv. At a meeting of tho V.R.C. committoo, held October 3, tho disqualification of J?. Long for six months by tho M.H.C. for disorderly oonduct, also tho disqualifica tion of P. Sanderson for joining in a rnco after run ning inside a post at tho last Caulfiold race meeting, were oudoraod. E. Long, tho well-known Caulfiold trainor, waa (says "Asmodous") called boforo tho stewards of tho Hunt Club last Saturday for gross misconduct in tho paddock at Flemington, and was .disqualified for a period of six months. Among other misdemeanours, he scratched Van Tromp for the Amateur Hurdle Race witho\it authority, and thoso who had tho temerity to lay even money on Eloctor felt somowhat uuoaaj when thoy obsorved Van Tronip's numborup somo considerable time after the official announcement of his withdrawal. (It is to bo hoped that this penalty will havo a wholesome effect on tho future cleverness of Long, and act as a warning to other trainers.) The principal victim of tho Scandal cum Verdure finesse in tho Flemington paddock last Saturday ia a gentleman woll-known for his determined opposition to tho Totalisator Bill in tho Lowor House, who became unwittingly stung to tho tune of .£200. Tho hurdlo racehorses Gamblor and Tho Stag havo boen matched to run two miles over hurdles for .£200 a-sido, tho race to tako placo within tsvo months. A deposit has boen mado by each ownor, which will bo forfeited in caso of default. There has boon a great deal of unnecessary com ment made with rospoct to tho jockey O'Brien and his connection with tho Scandal affair, but a friend in Melbourno tells mo that ho was not to blame in tho matter, and indeed "Augur" of tho "Austra lasian" expresses himself similarly. It is a thousand pities that a lad who has hitherto held such an irre proachable character for his honesty on tho turf should, when rising to tho zenith of his^ profession, havo such foul accusations hurled at him as wcro heard at tho rocont Hunt Club Meeting. I wish to draw tho atfcontion of intending1 nomi nators for the Tattersalls Cup to the fact that entries closo with tho secretary, Mr. Jamos Perry, Sydnoy, or with tho V.R.C. soorctary, Molbourno, on Wodnos dur next, October 17, at 4 p.m. Groen, tho tramer of Hastings, has arrived at Port Macquarie, whoro ho will tako chorgo of tho chestnut filly Sunbeam, by Sunlight from Express. This maro is spoken of by thoso who should know her abilities vory well to bo oqually as good as Hastings, and should provo a payable investment to her new pur chaser. Tho Boga District Jockoy Club spring ruco moot ing was hold on October 4, when everything in con nection with tho gathering passod off sailsfaotorily. Tho Maidou Plato fell to Whist, boating four others. For tho " bip:" o vent of tho day,tho Spring Handicap of 1 J- milo, five horses carno to tho post, amongst tho num ber hoing Gamecock ; but tho winnor turned np in a local horse named Roindecr, carrying Set 121b, Labourer 7st 101b second ; tho samo horse won tho Flying Handicap, giving Gamecock Hb and a longth boating. JLabouror wound up tho day by appro priating tho Consolation Handicap, The Bottling took nineo at tho Royal Hotel, when everything: A match for .£25 a-siila has heen arranged to take place carly next month, between Mr. T. Underbill's O.K. and Mr. Perry's pony. At a boree parade recently hold at Forbni-y Park, Dunedin (N.Z.), tho racehorses Sir Modred and Som« nus were offered for Bale by publie auction, tho former falling to tho bid of Mr. G. Fenwick for .£812, and the lattor to Mr. Gcorgo Dowse for JM01. It ia stated that the purchasers wore buying for others. Mr. John Wilson, of circus fame, und who it will bo remembered took away from these shores a few months back some valuablo racehorses in tho ship Rollo, has arrived safely at his destination. It ap pears that the ship's arrangements wcro simply scandalous, and but for tho fact of Mr. Wilson havrng a good number of grooms in his employ, and tho kindly assistance lent by tho remount agent, Major St. Quentin, thoro is no knowing what his loss would have boon. Tho horses wcro greatly admired, andi with two exceptions landed in excellent condition. The following aro a few of tho principal horse's landed :-Sir Peter, Venture, Jack, Harp of Erin, Syndicate, Argus Scandal, Return, Diamond, Nuî Quine, Blantyre, Bapta, Miss Hope, Isodora, Afri« caino, Sanna Lanna, Actress, Cynthia, Ballet Girl* Johnny Crapaud, Johnny Smokah, Victor, Gondolier* and Tomboy, bo3idcs over a hundred highly-bred horses fit for remounts. At Ye Fancy Fayre, hold last week in Wagga for tho purpose of liquidating the dobt of the Murrumbidgee Turf Club, a very pleasanb gathering was held, tho success of which is duo to tho services of Messrs. Gowlland, Minchin, Rebello, and Williamson. A trotting raco, run off in four heats, was won by Mr. M. N. Callaghan's Mary Anno, Dandy and Pilgrim second and third. No timo. The Pony li ace was won by Mr. E. Baker's Governess, Mr. T. M'Alister's Gazelic second ; and tho Pony Trot was appropriated by Mr. G. W. Commins's Jerry easily, which, with sheop dog trials and foot races, concluded an inter* eating day's sport. Among tho recent arrivals of equine ßtock to tho colonies is a vory handsome Clydesdale stallion, Scotland Yet, imported from Viotoria last week, ancí owned by Mr. Gilbert, of Maryborough, Queensland. This horse is ono of thc truest types of tho Clydes dale one could wish to look at. Ho stands nearly IG i hands high, with splendid flat bono, excellent sot of logs and feet, with beautiful flaxy hair, while his, temper is of tho best. Scotland Yet, who was bred, by Mr. Muir, of Birdhouse, Bigcrcn, was sent out from Glasgow to Mr. Grant, of Portland Hill, -Vic toria, about threo years ago, and has stood at'his farm for two seasons, leaving behind him som© splendid stock, so that Mr. Gilbert is to bo con« gratulated on his selection of such a stallion. STUD NEWS.-Brooder's notes from the Neotsfield stud, 18S2. - August 24, Zephyr, by Kingston, dropped a bay filly foal by Hawthornden, visita Gainsborough this season. August 27, Her Ladyship, by Yelverton, brown colt foal, by Hawthornden, ßorvod again by him. September. 5, Proserpine, try 'Kingston, bay colt foal, by The Drummer, gono to Hawthornden. September 19, Ida, by Gemma-di Vorgy, bay colt foal, by Hawthornden, prono to Grandmaster. Septombor 23, Croohotto, by Grand master, bay colt foal by Drummer, a vory grand foal, goos to Hawthornden. October 2. Signora (imported dam of Duenna), a very fine chesnut colt foal, by Goldsbrough, groat bono and well made ; should be a wondor if ho has luck ; will be put to Lecturer this season, as her blood seems to nick well with'him. Algeria, in foal to Goldsbrough, visits Maribyrnong. Security, by Lord Clifton (imp.) goos to Drummer again ; Victorino to Grandmastor (dam of Vanquish), imported mare. ? 