VICTORIA AMATEUR TURF CLUB. Saturday. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) There was a very poor attendance at these races to-day. The weather was very cloudy in the morning, and looked like rain all day, but it held off till about half-past 4. The club made £275 by the two selling race?, and Mr Weeks was Gncd £lO for using foul language on the course with reference to the judge’s decision in the Hurdle Race; Mr Weeks having backed Monitor, wbo was beaten by Glenorvan by a nose. The Gno to be paid within seven days, or Mr Weeks will be debarred from put ting in an appearance on tbo course for twelve The races were all very good, the Gniahes in the two jumping races being grand, and Sir Joseph’s Goish in the South Yarra Handicap being well worth the seeing, ■ In Hurdle Race 1 oung Alfred came down and broke his neck, though Kilduff was only slightly bruised on the shoulder. IntheSleeplo neither Squire nor his rider were hurt when he fell. The following are the results of the different events;— Selling Race. brt ; cf Erin, 1 ;rs (ib(Williamson) ~ 1 mJ H S Vi ’ iin ,M - vrs O>U). 7st 71b (Davis) 2 ro orchil-The Ghost (!ato S.ili-- fiams) 4 yi8 ’ b r£KO:I S I0 —-ida (-6:6), Sst (Wil- Betting—2 to I Sonneteer," 10 to'3 Hirp of hrm. A moderate start, Viking and Harp of Erin getting slightly the best of it, Spanish Lady getting away badly. Passing the stand Harp of Erin and Viking lead, with Sonneteer. Bushman and The Ghost leading the second flight. Harp of Erin and .Viking raced up the straight, the former beating tbe latter easily by two lengths. Ghost being a fair third, Sonneteer fourth, Bushman Gteh. Time 501 sec. The winner was bought by Mr J. Wilson, of the Circus, for 130 guineas. , Hurdle Race. X (Sra'bie) V2n3 01 8 G,fmotvan - »s«d. Mat 31b 2 horses away together. Glenorvan and Monitor lead- The° V oM the first h u rd, ° in fronfc oiE tlia stand. V V ° r th !, Uurdle ™ Glworvan. Momtor, \onng Alfred, Vanguard, Little Duehess. At the back Young Alfred had “ , Becond PHce, and almost Immediately came down, breaking his neck, Little Duchess l°j i.? S - l i P a , blt into tb ® ■ trai Bl»t Glenorvan led Momtor by about a length, tbe other two being about 12 leugtbs behind. A grand race ensued up tbo straight, King riding Monitor C ° uld DOt paSB 61e “o™n, who_ beat him by a very short head, Little Duchessracing with Vanguard for third place, and beating him by about a head, and coming m about a dozen lengths at least behind the second horse. Time, 3 min. 4 sec. 7HE SEPARATION STAKES." Bin S -r 2 (Bnrlon) ob3ltSOa 8 b l.® Bora ” (*»)■ ™ Tib ? ‘o l^VnatScipioand Syndic^ fj to tbers. After one :or two false starts Ind y T a ;dd ? °V nW ‘? together > Q«B®n Elizabeth and Liddmgtoq showing to the front. At the bend Syndicate had the lead, and hekeotit throughout the race, running ve.y gamely*/ beating Snpio, who came out of tho ruck in the straight by.three- quarters of a length Boree a fair third, L’.ddington fourth Oi» Elizabeth fifth, Nolquine dxth, Roederwks? 6ec /’ . Th ? "inner was Mr Wilson, of the circus, for 145 guineas ? The Sooth Yakua Handicap. ‘ ? 3b!lS . ir JoSeph ' 4 ’■•’-Sit l!b IJ E^IK/'' 1 ' 1 ’ 3 b S Ear 7st (Cinck- 1 6 » ««b. 3 ; Beltingj3to'2Crjstal,sto YSir J^eph and Bar One, 7 to 1 Hyacinth. They all Jot away to a good start, Coreena and Hyacin*h showing first to the front, Juuius was leading at the back, with Crystal second, and Josephine bst. At the bend Crystal led, and Bar One aud;Hyucinth were coming up. Entcriue thf» straight Bar One led,followed by Hyacinth and Gremorneand Sir Joseph. At the distance Sir Joseph made his effort, and passion the w fioiahed. first by a half length. Bar One second Hyacinth a good third, Cremoroe fourth Coorena last. Time, 1 min. 47 sec. 1 Steeplechase. V'V; Burrell’s C U m Actress, aged, Oat 101 b (natty) .. , Mr Justin ns brm TwiUjbt, agcd,’l2st 21b 1 , Betting 6 to 4 ngst Twilight/ 2 to 1 Actress;; SirEwau took the lead at the start followed by Twilight, Actress, and Squire a the order named. Sir Ewan was about five lengths ahead when he baulked at the first jump, which he took, however, on the second asking. At tho back Twilight led. with Sir Ewan second, Actress third, and Squire fourth the last coming down at the next fence to the sod wall, and Sir Ewan almost directly after bolted .off . tho-course, and when ho was brought back refused to take the jump after the turn, and was eventually ridden elf the course. Twilight kept the lead of Actress till the bend, where eha was collared by the latter and a grand race , ensued up tho straight Actress healing Twilight by "a little over a’ length, tho other horses not haviog goe 9 round.. Time, 4 min. 4S min. The Riciciond Handicap. Five furlougs. Mr SI. P. ‘Whitty’s ch g John Peel, 3 vrs, 6:t 111 b (Williamson) . .. .. .. . Sir U. Haines’ rb or ch h Tbo Ghost cut- e-iih 1 bury), 4 yra. by Trogoagio. Sst 71b (Williams) ? Sir S. Giimwood’s b or tali Hiru of Erin 1 Sit 51b (Sl’lnhes) .. .. .. ’ 1 ’, Betting 2 to 1 agst Ghost, 3 to 1 Harp of Erin, sto 1 others, 10 to 1 John Peel. A good start, John Peel leading from the start and winning easily by a length from Ghost, who ; ran second nearly all tho way, Harp of Erin a bad third. Time, 1 min. 5 sec. 