JEZEBEL'S DAUHTEOiU PART II. 1Id. DAVID OLENNEY COLLECTS HIS MATERIALS AND CONTINUES TIIE STOY IIsHITOIICALLY. CHAPTER III. IN the gloom thrown over the household by Mr. Engelman's death Mrs. Wagner, with characteristic energy and good sense, had kept her mind closely occupied. During the office hours she studied those details of tho business at Franlufort which differed from the details of the business in London, and soon mastered them sufliciently to be able to fill the vacancy which Mr. Engehnlman had loft. The position that he had held became, with all its priviloges and respon. sibilities, Mrs. Wagner's position-claimed, not in virtue of her rank as directress of the London house, but in recognition of the knowledge that she had specially acquired to fit her for the post. Out of oflice hours she corresponded with the English writer on the treatment of insane persons, whose work she had dis covered in her late husband's library, and assisted him in attracting public attention to the humane system which lie advocated. Even the plan for the employment of respectable girls in suitable departments of the office was not left neglected by this indefatigable woman. The same friendly consideration which had induoed her to spare Mr. Keller any allusion to the subject while his health was not yet completely restored, still kept her silent until time had .reconciled him to the calamity of his partner's death. Privately however she had caused inquiries to be made in Frankfort which would assist her in choosing worthy candidates for employment when the favour. able time arrived-probably after the colo-. bration of Fritz's marriage-for acting in the interests of the proposed reform. "Pray send me away if I interrupt you," said Madame Fontaino, pausing modestly on the threshold before she entered the room. She spoke English admirably, and made a point of ignoring Mrs. Wagner's equally perfect knowledge of German by addressing her always in the English lan guage. "Come in, by all means," Mrs. Wagner answered. "I am only writing to David Glenney to tell him (at Minuna's request) that the wedding.day is fixed." " Give your nephew my kind regards, Mrs. Wagner. He will be one of the party at the wedding, of course ? " " Yes-if he can be spared from his duties in London. Is there anything I can do for you, Madame Fontaine ? " " Nothing, thank you- except to exouse my intrusion. I am afraid I have offended our little friend there, with the pretty straw hat in his hand, and I want to make my peace with him." Jack looked up from his work with an air of lofty disdain. " 0, dear me, it doesn't matter," lie said in his most magnificent manner. " I was dressing when he knocked at my door," pursued Mladamo Fontaine; "and I asked him to come back and show me his keys in half-an-hour. Why didn't you return, Jack ? Won't you show me the hkeys now ? " 'You see it's a matter of business," Jack, replied as loftily as over. "I am in the business--keoper of the keys. Mistress is in the business; Mr. Keoller is in the business. You are not in the business. It doesn't matter. Upon my soul, it doesn't matter." Mrs. Wagner hold up her forefinger reprovingly. " Jack I don't forget you are speaking to a lady." Jack audaciously put his hand to his head as if this was an effort of memory which was a little too much to expect of him. '" Anything to please you, mistress," he said. "I'll show her the bag." He exhibited to Madame Fontaino a leather bag, with a strap fastened round it. "The keys are inside," hlie explained. " I wore them loose this morning; and they made a fuine jingle. Quite musical to my to be a nuisance in the long run. So I `i," ; ., strapped them up in a bag to keeoop them ;";:,',;: I.,I quiet. And when I move about the bag S: angs from my shoulder like this by another strap. When the keys are wanted I opeon the bag. You don't want them-you're not in the business. Besides, I'm thlinking of gbing out and showing myself and my bag in the fashionable quarter of the town. On o-nob an occasion I think I ought to present the ' appoaranco of a gontloman-I ought to wear gloves. O, it doesn't matter I I needn't detain you any longer. Good morning." Ho made one of his fantastic bows and waved his hand, dismissing Madamo Fontaine from further attendance on him. Secretly he was as eager as ever to show his keys. But the inordinate vanity which was still the mad side of him and the incurable side of him shrank from opening the leather bag unless the widow first made a special request and a special favour of it. Feeling no sort of interest in the subject, she took the shortpr way of making her peace with him. She took out her purse. "'Let me make you a present of the gloves," she said, with her irresistible smile. Jack lost all his dignity in an instant. He leaped off the window - seat and snatched at the money, like a famished animal snatching at a piece of meat. Mrs. Wagner caught him by the arm and looked at him. He lifted his eyes to hers, then lowered them again as if he was ashamed of himself. " O, to be sure " lihe said, "I have forgotten my manners; I haven't said thank you. A lapse of memory, I suppose. Thank you, AMrs. Housekeeper." In a moment more he and his bag were on their way to the fashionable quarter of the town. " You will make allowances for my poor little Jack, I am sure," said MDrs. Wagner. " My dear madam, Jack amuses me I " Mrs. Wagner winced a little at the tone of the widow's reply. " I have cured him of all the worst results of his cruel imprison ment in the madhouse," she wont on. But his harmless vanity seems to be inbred; I can do nothing with him on that side of his character. Ho is proud of being trusted with anything, especially with keys; and he has boon kept waiting for them, while I had far more important matters to occupy me. In a day or two lihe will be more accustomed to his great responsibility, as he calls it." " Of course you don't trust him," said Madame Fontaine, "with keys that are of any importance; like the keys of your desk there for instance." DMrs. Wagner's grey. eyes began to brighteon. "I can trust him with any thing," she answered emphatically. Madame Fontaine arched her brows in a mutely polite expression of extreme sur. prise. " In my experience of the world," Mrs. Wagner wont on, "I have found that the rarest of all human virtues is the virtue of gratitude. In a hundred little ways my poor friendless Jack has shown me that lihe is grateful. To my mind that is reason enough for trusting him." " With money ? " Madamo Fontaine in quired. " Certainly. In London I trusted him with money-with the happiest results. I quieted his mind by an appeal to his sense of trust and self-respect, which he thoroughly appreciated. As yet I have not given him the key of my desk here, booause I reserve it as a special reward for good conduct. In a few days more I have no doubt he will add it to the colleootion in his bag." "Ah," said Madame Fontaine, with the humility which no living woman knew better when and how to assume, " you understand these diffioult questions-you have your grand national common-sense. I am only a poor limited German woman. But, as you say in England, ' live and learn.' You have indescribably interested me. Good morning." She left the room. "Hateful woman I" she said in her own language on the outer side of the door. " Humbug I " said Mrs. Wagner in her language on the inner side of the door. If there had been more sympathy between the two ladies, or if Madame Fontaine had felt a little curiosity on the subject of crazy Jack's keys, she might have taken away with her some valuable materials for future consideration. As it was, Mrs. Wagner had not troubled her with any detailed narrative of the manner in which she had contrived to fill Jack's leather bag. In London she had begun cautionesly by' only giving him some of the useless old keys, which accumulate about a house in course of years. When the novelty of merely keeping them had worn off, and when lie had wanted to see them put to some positive use, she had added one or two keys of her own, and had flattered his pride by asking him to open the box or the desk for her, as the case might be. Proceeding on the same wisely gradual plan at Frank. fort, she had asked Mr. Kollar to help her, and had been taken by him (while Jack was out of the way) to a lumber-room in the basement of the house, on the floor of which several old keys wore lying about. "Take as many as you like," he had said; "they have boon hero, for all I know, over sineoo the house was repaired and refurnished in my grandfather's time, and they might he sold for old iron, if there were only enough of them. Mrs. Wagner had pikeld up the first six Ieys that presented them solves, and had made Jack Straw the happiest of men. Ho found no fault witlh them for being rusty. On the contrary, he looked forward with delight to the enjoy. moent of cleaning away the rust. "They shall be as bright as diamonds," he had said to his mistress, "before I' hive done with them." And what did Madame Fontaine lose by failing to inform herself of suoh trifles as these ? She never discovered what she had lost, But she had not done with 'Jack 8traw yet, OIAPTER IV. 'After leaving Mrs. Wagnor, the widow considered with herself, and then turned . away from the commercial regions of the house, in searoh of Minna. She opened the dining-room door, and found thIe bngatolloe.board on the table, Fritz and Minna wore playing a game of the desultory sort--with the inevitable intorruptions appropriato to courtship. " Arc you coming to join us, mamma ? Fritz is playing very badly. " This sort of thing roequires mathematical calculation," Fritz remarked ; "and Minna distracts my attention." oMadamo Fontaino listened with a smile of matornal iudulgonce. "I am on my way back to my room," she said. "If oither of you happon to see JTask Straw--" "IIo has gone out," Fritz interposed. "I saw him through the window. He started at a run-and thou remembered his dignity, and slacknod his paco to a walk. How will Io come back, I wonder ? " " HIe will como back with greater dignity than over, Fritz. I have given him the money to buy himself a pair of gloves, I like to indulge the poor imbecile creature. You mustn't laugh at him--he is to be pitied." Expressing these humane sentiments, she left the lovers to their game. While Jack was still pleasurably excited, by the now gift he would be in the right frame of mind to feel her influence. Now or never (if the thing could be done) was the time to provide against the danger of chance allusions to what had happened at Wurz burg. It was well-known in the house that Mrs. Wagner wished to return to London, as soon after the marriage as certain im portant considerations connected with the management of the office would permit. By Madame Fontaino's calculations, Jack would be happily out of the way of doing mischief (if she could keep him quiet in the meanwhile) in a month or six weeks' time. The game went on in the dining-room with the inevitable intervals. Beyond reproach as a lover, Fritz showed no signs of improvement as a bagatelle-player. In a longer pause than usual, during which the persons concerned happened to have their backs turned to the door, a disagreeable interruption occurred. At a moment of absolute silence an intruding voice made itself heard, inviting immediate attention in these words " I say, you two I If you want to see the finest pair of gloves in Frankfort, just look here." There he stood with outstretched hands, exhibiting a pair of bright green gloves, and standing higher in his own estimation than ever. "Why do you always come in without knocking? " Fritz asked, with excusable indignation. "Why have you always got your arm round her waist ? " Jack retorted. "I say, Miss Minna I (I only offer a remark), the more he kisses you the more you seem to like it." " Send him away, for heaven's sake I " Minna whispered. " Go'upstairs I " cried Fritz. " What I do you want to be at it again ?" asked Jack.. "Go and show your now gloves to Madame Fontaine," said Minna. The girl's quick wit had discovered the right way to get rid of Jack. He accepted the suggestion with enthusiasm. '.'Ah I" he exclaimed, "that's a good ideal It would never have entered youre head, Fritz, would it ? " Before Fritz could ieply, Jack was out of his reach. The widow sat in her room, innocently reading the newspaper. A cake happened to be on the table at her side; and a bottle of sparkling lemonade, by the merest coin. cidence, was in the near neighbourhood of the cake. Jack's eyes brightened, as they turned towards the table when he entered the room. "And those are the gloves I " said Madame Fontaine, with her head held critically a little on one side, as.if she was a connoisseur enjoying a fine picture. "How very pretty I What good taste you have I " Jack (with his eyes still on the cake) accepted those flattering expressions as no more than his due. " I am pleased with my walk," he remarked. " I have made a successful appearance in public. When the general attention was not occupied with my bag of keys, it was absorbed in my gloves. I showed a becoming modesty-I took no notice of anybody." S"Perhaps your walk has given you a little appetite ? " the widow suggested. "What' did you say " cried Jack. " Appetite I Upon my soul, I could eat--- No, that's not gentleman-like. ' Mistress gave me' one of her looks when I said 'upon my soul l ' down in the office. .' Thank you. Yes; I like cake. Excuse me-I hope it has got plums in it ? " " Plums and other fine things. Taste I" Jack: tried hard. to preserve his good manners, "and only taste as he was told. But the laws of nature were too much for him. He was as fond of sweet things as a child-he gobbled. "I. say, you're un commonly good to me all of a sudden," he exclaimed between the bites. "You didn't make much of me like this at Wurzburg ? " He had given Madame Fontaine her opportunity. . She was not the woman to let it slip. " O, Jack I " she said, in tones of gentle reproach, " didn't I nurse you at Wurzburg ? " " Well," Jack admitted, "you did someo thing of the sort." " What do you mean " ? ' He had finished his first slice of cake; his politeness began to show signs of wear ing out. S.' You,did what the master the doctor told you to do,"' he' said, ' " But I don't believe you cared whether I lived or" died. When you'had to tuock me up in bed, for instance, you did it with the grossost indifference. Ha I you. have improved since that time. Give me some more oale. Never mind cut;tiing it thick. l: Is that bottle of lemonade for me " "Yoli'hardly deserve it, Jack, after the way you have spoken of mo. Don't you remember," she added cautiously leading him back to the point, "I used to make your lemonade whoen you were ill ? " Jackl' persisted in wandering away from the point. "You are so hungry for com plimonts," he objeootd. " Haven't I told you that you have improved ? Only go on as you are going on now, and I dare say I shall put you next to mistress in my esti 'mation, one of those days. Let the cork go out with a pop; I like noises of all kinds. Your good health I Is it manners to smaclk one's lip's after lemonade ?--it is such good stuff, and there's such ploanouro in feeooling it sting one's throat as it goes down. You didn't give me such lemonado as this when I was ill--0 I that reminds me," "IReminds you of somethling that lhap ponod at Wurzburg ?" Madamo Fontaino inquired. "Yes. Wait a bit. I'm going to try how the akealo tastes dipped in lamonade. Hal ha I how it lizzes as I stir it round Il Yes, something that happened at Wurzburg, as you say. I aslked David about it, the morning he went away. But the coach was waiting for him ;' and he ran off' without saying a word. I call that rudo." He was still stirring his lemonade with his bit of cake-or he might have soon something in the widow's face that would have startled him. IHo did look up, when she spoko to him. His sense of hearing was his quickoest sense ; and he was struok by the sudden change in ho'r voice, • ' , , · " What did you ask, David ? "-was all she ventured to say. Jack still looked at her. "Anything the matter with you ? " he inquired. "Nothing. What did you ask David? " " Something I wanted to know." " Perhaps I can tell you what you want to know ? " "I shouldn't wonder. No : dipping the cake in lemonade doesn't improve it, and it leaves crumbs in the drink." "Throw away that bit of cake, Jack, and have some more." " May I help myself ? " " Certainly. But you haven't told me yet what you want to know." At last he answered directly. "What I want to know is this," he said. "Who poisoned Mr. Keller ? " He was cutting the cake as he spoke, and extracted a piece of candied orange- peel with the point of the knife. Once more the widow's face had escaped observation. She turned away quickly, and occupied her self in mending the fire. In this position, her back was turned towards the table-she could trust herself to speak. " You are talking nonsense I " she said. Jack stopped-with the cake half way to his mouth. Hero was a direct attack on his dignity, and he was not disposed to put up with it. " I never talk nonsense," he answered sharply. " You do," Madame Fontaine rejonied, just as sharply on her side. "Mr. Keller fell ill, as anyone else might fall ill. No body poisoned him." Jack got on his legs. For the moment he actually forgot the cake. "Nobody? " he repeated. " Tell me this, if you please: Wasn't Mr. Keller cured out of the blue. glass bottle-like me ? " (Who had told him this ? Joseph might have told him; Minna might have told him. It was no time for inquiry; the one thing needful was to eradicate the idea from his mind. She answered boldly, " Quite right, so far "-and waited to see what came of it.) " Very well," said Jack, " Mr. Keller was cured out of the blue-glass bottle, like me. And I was poisoned. Now ? " She flatly contradicted him again. " You were not poisoned I " Jack crossed the room, with a flash of the old Bedlam light in his eyes, and confronted her at the fireplace. "The 'devil is the father of lies," he said, lifting his hand solemnly. "No lies! I heard my master the doctor say I was poisoned." She was ready with her answer. " Your master said that to frighten you. He didn't want you to taste his medicines in his absence again. You drank double what any person ought to have drunk, you greedy Jack, when you tasted that pretty violet coloured medicine in your master's work shop. And you had yourself to thank-not poison, when you fell ill." Jack looked hard at her. He could reason so far as that he and Mr. Keller must have taken the same poison, because he and Mr. Keller had been cured out of the same bottle. But to premise that he had been made ill by an overdose of medi cine, and that Mr. Kellor had boon made ill in some other way, and then to ask, how two different illnesses could both have been cured by the same remedy-was an effort utterly beyond him. lie hung his head sadly and went back to the table. "I wish I hadn't asked you about it," he said. "You puzzle me horribly." But for that unendurable sense of perplexity, he would still have doubted and distrusted her as resolutely as over. As it was, his bewil dered mind unconsciously took its refuge in belief. "If it was medicine," asked the poor creature vacantly, "what is the medi cine for ?" At those words an idea of the devil's own prompting entered Madame Fontaine's mind. Still standing at the fireplace, she turned her head slowly, and looked at the cupboard. " It's a better remedy even than the blue glass bottle," she said; "it cures you so soon when you are tired or troubled in your mind, that I have brought it away with me from Wurzburg, to use it for myself." Jack's face brightened with a now inter est. "0," he said eagerly, "do lot me see it again I " She put her hand in her pocket, took out the key, and hesitated at the last moment. "Just one look at it," Jack pleaded, " to see if it's the same." She unlocked the cupboard. CHAPTER v. Jack attempted to follow her and look in. She waved him back with her hand. " Wait at the window," she said, " where you can soee the medicine in the light." She took the bottle of Alexander's Wino from the chest, and having looked the cupboard again, replaced the key in her pocket. " Do you remember it ? " she asked, showing him the bottle. Heo shuddered as he recognised the colour. "Medicine ?" he said to himself-troubled anow by doubts which he was not able to realise. "I don't remember how much I took when I tasted it. Do you ?" "I havo told you already. . You took twice the proper dose." " Did my master the doctor say that ?," " Yes." "And did he toll you what the proper dose was ? " " Yes." Jack was not able to resist this. "I should like to see it I" he said eagerly. "My master was a wonderful man-my mastor know overything." Madamo Fontaineo looked at him. Ho waited to soee his request granted, like a child waiting to see a promised toy. " Shall I measure it out, and show you ?" she said. "I supposo you don't know what two dracllma lll men " "No, no I Lot me see it," She looked at him again and hesitated. WVith a certain roeluotance of manner, she opened liher dressing-oase. As she took out a imodiino-moasuring glass, her hand began to tremble. A faint porupiration showed ituolf on her forehead. She plut tie glass on the tablo and spolo to Jack. "Whal, nmalokes you ao curions to see what the dose is ?" she said. " Do you think you are likely to want seine of ityoursolf ?" His eyes looked longingly at thie poison. It cures you whon you are tired or troubled in your mind,"l hlo answored, re poeating her own words. " I am but a little follow-and am more easily tired sometimes than you would think," She passed her handkerchief over her forehead. "The fire makes the room rather warm," she said. Jack took no notice of the remark; he had not done yet with the confession of his little infirmities. He went on proving his claim to be favoured with some of the won derful remedy. " And as for being troubled in my mind," he said, " you haven't a notion how bad I am sometimes. If I'm kept away from mistress for a whole day-when I say or do something wrong, you know --I tell you this, I'm fit to hang myself! If you were to see me I think your heart would be touched; I do indeed I " Instead of answering him she rose abruptly and hurried to the door. " Surely there's somebody outside," she exclaimed-" somebody wanting to speak to me I " " I don't hear it," said Jack; "and mine are the quickest ears in the house." " Wait a minute and let me see." She opened the door, closed it again behind her, and hurried along the lonely. corridor. Throwing up the window at the end, she put her head out into the keen wintry air with a wild sense of relief. She was almost beside herself, without knowing why. Poor Jack's innocent attempts to persuade her to his destruction had in their pitiable simplicity laid a hold on that complex and terrible nature which shook it to its centre. The woman stood face to face with her own contemplated crime, and, trembled at the diabolical treachery of it. "What's the matter with me," she won dered inwardly. "I feel as if I could destroy every poison in the chest with my. own hands." Slowly she returned along the corridor to her room. The refreshing air had strung up her nerves again ; she began to recover herself. The strengthened body reacted on the wavering mind. She smiled as she recalled her own weakness, looking at the bottle of poison which she had mechanically kept in her hand. " That feeble little creature might do some serious mischief between this and the wedding- day," she thought ; "and yet-and yet - " "Well, was there anybody outside ?" Jack asked, " Nothing to matter," she said. The answer was spoken mechanically. Some thing in him or something in herself, it was impossible to say which, had suddenly set her thinking of the day when her husband had dragged him out of the jaws of death. It seemed strange that the memory of the dead doctor should come between them in that way and at that time. Jack recalled her to the passing moment. He offered her the medicine measuring- glass left on the table. "It frightens me when I think of what I did," he said. "And yet it's such a pretty colour-I want to see it again." In silence she took the glass; in silence she measured out the fatal two drachms of the poison and showed it to himr... "Do put it in something," 'he pleaded, "and let me have it to keep ; I know I shall. want it.". Still in silence she turned' to the table, and searching again in her dressing-case found 'a little empty bottle. She 'filled it and carefilly fitted in the glass' stopper. Jack held out his hand. She suddenly drew her own hand back. :" No," she said. " On second thoughts I won't let you have it I" " Why not? " " Because you can't govern your tongue and can't keep anything to yourself. You will tell everybody in the house that I have given you my wonderful medicine. They will all be wanting some-and I shall have none left for myself." "Isn't that rather selfish ? " said Jack. "I suppose its natural, though. Never mind, I'll do anything to please you; I'll keep it in my pocket and not say a word to anybody. Now? " Once more, he held out his hand. Once more Madame Fontaine chocked herself in the not of yielding to him. Her dead hus band had got between them again. The wild words he had spoken to her, in the first horror of the discovery that his poor imbecile servant had found and tasted the fatal drug, came back to her memory-" If he dies I shall not survive him. And I firmly believe I shall not rest in my grave." She had never boon, like her husband, a believer in ghosts: superstitions of all sorts were to her mind unworthy of a reasonable being. And yet at that moment, she was so completely unnerved that she looked round the old Gothic 'oom with a nameless fear throbbing at her heart. It was enough-though nothing ap peared: it was onough- though suporsti tions of all sorts woro unworthy of a reason ablo being-to shako her fell purpose, for the time. Nothing that Jack could say had the least ofl'oot on heor. Having arrived at a determination, she was mistress of herself again. "Not yet," she resolved; "there may be consequences that I haven't calou lated on. I'll take the night to think ofit." Jack tried a last entreaty as she put her hand into her pockeot, soarohing for the cup board- key, and tried it in vain. "No," she said ; "I will keeoop it for you. Come to me when you are really ill, and want it." Hor pocket proved to be entangled for a moment in the slirt of her dress. In irri tably trying to disongageo it, she throw out the key on the floor. Jack pilcked the key up and notieood the insoription on the handle, "Pink-Boom Cupboard," he road. "Why do they oall it by that name 2 " In her overwrought state of mind, she had even felt the small irritating influoneoo of an ontangled pockeot. She was in no temper to endure simple questions patiently. " Look at the pink curtainus, you fool I " she said-and snatched the key out of his hand, Jack instantly resoentod the language and the action., "I didn't como hero to be insulted," lhe declared in his loftiest manner. Madamo Fontaino secured the poison in tihe cupboard without noticing him, and made him moro angry than over. " Takeo bakl your now gloves," he cried, "Idon't want themn I " lIe rolled up his gloves, and throw them at lher. " I wish I could throw all the oako I'vo eateon after thoem I " lie burst ouit forvently. Ho delivered this aspiration with an em phatic stamp of Iris foot. The hystorical oxoitoment in Madame Fontaino loroodil its way outwards unudo r a inow form. She burst into a frantic fit of laughter. " You curious little oraoiture," s he said ; ' I didn't mean to offend you. Don't you know that women will lose their patience sometimes ? There I Shako hands and make it up. And take away the rest of the cake, if you like it." Jack looked at her in speechless surprise. " Leave me to myself I " she cried, relapsing into irritability. "Do you hear ? Go I go I go I " Jack left the room without a word of protest. The rapid changes in her, the be wildering diversity of looks and tones that accompanied them, completely cowed him. It was only when he was safe outside in the corridor, that he sufficiently recovered him self to put his own interpretation on what had happened. IIe looked back at the door of Madame Fontaine's room, and shook his little grey head solemnly. " Now I understand it," lihe thought to himself; " Mrs. Housekeeper is mad. O, dear, dear me-Bedlam is the only place for her I " He descended the first flight of stairs, and stopped again to draw the moral suggested by his own clover discovery. "I must speak to mistress about this," lie concluded. "The sooner we are back in London, the safer I shall feel." (To be continued.) 