BREVITIES. (Compiled from oar Exchanges.) The Temora Star has it that a ghost hang the rioiniiy of an hotel at Trmoia. The estate of James Bourke, at Temora, has been released from insolvency. A petition to the Executive Council to obtain some compensation for sen- constabls Muipby, of Yass, for hiB loDg service in the police force iB in conrse of /preparation in Yass. An electric tram-car is being tested in London, and promises to be a eucoess. An attempt, which appears to beBO far successful, is being made to form a firebrigade in Cootamundra. Thirty names were enrolled at a meeting on Friday night. The Victorian Government will abolUh the dutife on tea and beer at the end of the present year. At the rceent rifle matches in Adelaide, Mr. J. H. Robertson made 100 out of a possible 105. Mr. B. Eoberson made 68 out of a possible 7o. Grenfcll paid the Colonial Treasurer £100,000 in the lost three jears, and Grenfell desires to know what the Treasurer hae done with it all. Tbe Victorian Crown Law offices still persist in regarding the totalisator as a gaming tool, but_ eay tbe police are not justified in interfering with it if it is kept under the dub enclosurea. Among the horrible crimes recently committed in Ireland, one dark deed haB caused great grief iu a household here. Our townsman (says the Qundagai Times), Mr. Michael Linnane, now of (lowlee, haB received the sad news that his brother John Linnane, of M'lton Malbay, county Clare, was, at the age of 70 (fears, cruelly murdei ed for refusing to cease working in liie ground at the bidding of a stranger. The City Council have at last set their foot down upon the highway robberies of the Government, for the continual taking of our roads for tramway purposes oan be characterised aB nothing else than a robbery of tbe people'e rights without asking tbe people s leave. About time a stir was made to put a stop to this sort ol lhi> g. The Home Hews states that the next issue coinage from the Mint will bear the impress of Her Majesty from anew die. This is the second die only which has been taken during the reign of Queen Victoria. It represents the Queen as she is at present, and depicts her wearing the Imperial crown. Devine's tunnel, section four, Sydney water supply, was pieroed through on Saturday ; the length is 2681ft; on the line being connected, the error was only one thi tieth of an ineb. The Curator of the Sydney Museum is preparing a splendid collection of Australian fish for the International Exhibition in England. Captain Armstrong, late police magistrate of Lord Howe's Island, has been dismissed from tlie public service for ccml i >ing the trade of a publican with that of an administrator of the law. At the Burrovra police court on Wednesday last, a hawker named G-eorge H. Reynolds was committed to take his trial at the next Young Sessions on a charge of pei jury. The butcher's fliop of a Mr. Pratt, at North Wagga, was fired in two places early on Thursday morning last, and also a haystack the property of the same person. The shop was saved, but the haystack was totally destroyed. Incendiarism is suspected. Heavy weather is reported all along the coa Says the Echo :—A New South Wales £2,000,0 loan placed on the London market. A few million eiresofland on tbe A ustralian, and then a spoil of easy and popnlar government. An electrical exhibition wi.l shortly be held in the Melbourne Athenmum. A carter named Watkin, at St. Kilda (Vic.), was fined £5 for cruelly beating a horse with a crowbar. A special train, with a heavy load of officialdom, ran into a contractor's engine, near Junee, on Fri- " y. Not much damageWUB done. An old adnge forcibly illustrated: Joseph Saunders, taken to the hospital with hiB skull considerably smashed in, stated " that he bad befriended the wife of a neighbour, and that he went to the huBhand to remonstrate with him aa to his conduct, when the latter suddenly atta ked him with u firebar, inflicting several blows on bii head and shoulders. The Inverell bushrangers have up to the present eluded the vigilance of the police. A man named John Sullivan waB on Saturday, at the Metropolitan Quarter Sessions, sentenced to three years' imprisonment for unlawfully assaulting child under the age of three years. Pipes have been laid down in Bourke- street, Melbourne, for an electric light service. It is ex- pected that the light will be in use in a month. In the Victorian Supreme Oourt on Saturday a borsedealer obtained a verdict for £50 damages against a milk-seller, named Henderson, for injuries sustained by plaintiff, who was thrown from his vehicle by collision with defendant's milk-cart, which was drawn by a bolting horse. Two thousand two hundred and twenty-four acres oi land were Beleoted at tbe Wagga lanaoffice on Thursday last. Proceeding are about being taken by the Wagga Stock and Pastures Protection Board against the parties who were engaged in rabbit coursing on the Queen's birthday on the raceoourse. Robert Johnson, who attempted to shoot Mr. Dw.i er, the governor of the Qeelung g»ol, on the 24th May, was committed for trial on Friday on a charge of shooting with int nb JohnBon asserted tbat Dwyer was tbe father of a child his W'fe gave birth to while he was absent from Melbourre, and caused his wife's demoralisation. The prisoner asked for an enquiry, which tbe ben^h said they could not order. Mr. Dwyer says tbe prisoner s uocusations are foul slanders. Tbe Botany dams have abuut the lame depth of water tbey had this time lust year, with the advantage that this winter promised to be wetter than last winter was. A man sent to gaol for three months and his wife fined £10 for pushing a bailiff out of their house. Moral i Don't interfere by violence with bailiffs. Prosecute tliem if they exceed their duty. Tho barque Guillerino, which left Brisbane for Apia on 17th January, foundered off the island of Vauva, during a hurricane. The captain and all the officers were lost, and only fire hands were saved. She had 600 ton< < f copra on board. ahe Evening Fetus saye the police regret sence of Mr. Dillon from the licensing bench. The publioans have scored two victories over the " force" during the past week. T»o boys, ag»d respectively 18 end 11, have been sent from the quarter sessions to Darlinghurst for six and four months. Tbey will come out models of youthful propriety. What member will take up the all important question of a reformatory for boysf A young man, William Pannell, while returning from Ipswich, Queensland, by a late train on Saturday last, fill from tho :platform of a rear oarriage. The fact wae not obseived at the time, but a search revealed hiB mangled remains scattered some dis tance alone the line. A brutal murder was committed on Sunday morn, ing at Tumberumba, William Dray stabbed his mate, Thomas Jtfobertc, to tbe heart with a butcher's knife, oauBlng almost inBtant death. Dray was immediately arrested. A correspondent from Lake Oowal to tbe Forbes Times states that during the past five months 267 points of rain have fallen, and the country around IB in B wretched state. The lake is almost dry, there not being more than a foot of water in the deepest part. The Bland Greek is full of fish, and they are now being sold on the bank at 8s. per lOOlbs by the fishermen. Sir Henry ParkeB expressed surprise when asked in Birmingham whether the Australians were loyal. He need not have been muob surprised sit the question, for bis own celebrated speech at Willie's Booms very naturally suggested it. General Garibaldi, the " Italian Liberator," as he was termed, has died at his own plaoe at Caprera of bronchitis at the age of 76. A peculiar aooident occurred to a miner named Weale, at Maryborough, Victoria, on Saturday. He WBB engaged in hooking a bucket rf dirt on to the rope, when tbe bucket was prematurely drawn up, and Neale'e thumb was jammed between the bucket and the hook. He was drawn 25 feet up the shaft hangiDg by his thumb, when he fell to the bottom, but was not seriously injured. Hij WUfflP Was epiftsUoi, «pd bRdte be wppwtfttwflj 