HYDRAULICPOWER AT HOME. (Daily Nexos.) JPnnspNS with an engineering turn o£ mind have often made it their hobby,to . render their houses mechanical curiosities. Air. Edgeworth appears to have been given to this lnode of exercising his ingenuity. His house, says Sir Henry Holland, waa ' full of contrivances for making the ordinary acts of life subserve other and unforeseen uses. The intere ojiening and shutting certain doora, foi- instance, set in motion machinery for winding up clocks or raising weights in other part-, of the house. Win- stanley, the unfortunate builder of a wooden lighthouse on the Eddystone, was another eccentric genius who delighted in, such mechanical contrivances, which in his hands often took the form of practical jokes. A visitor to his house who should put his foot into a slipper in his bedroom.' conjured np a ghost on tlie hearthrug before hini. ne would throw himself iuto an easy chair and immediately .find himself firmly clasped in the arms of it, and if he sauntered into an arbour in the garden, he would pre- sently be astonished to find himself afloat on a caiiid. When electricians, and sanitarians and engineers of one sort and another have worked thoir will with us for another generation or two, most of our houses will probably be as full of mechanical contri- , vanees.' The latest project for London is one bj' which hydraulic power is to bo placed at the 'disposal of anybody who cares to have one more pipe carried into his premises,'and does not object lo the periodical visits of one more rate collector. Few people know much about this hydrau- lic force, or what it can be made to do. Very few aro aware how multifarious are the functions it already performs. Just now - and, again it is brought "into prominence among the forces at the disposal of engineers, and people almost stand aghast atits,tre- ' mentions capabilities. There ¡u-o those who well remember the sensation occasioned by tho exhibition of its power at the Alenai tubular bridge, where two tubes, each weigh- ing nearly 2000 tons, hail to be hoisted 100ft into the air. A later display of it was in tlie launching of the Great Eastern. Brunel,^ it may be remembered, found it neces- sary to shove the monster ho hhd Created sideways down into the water. The total weight of the vessel w.-is, we suppose^ some ten or twelve thousands tout,, uiulsouie very faint idea of the power that Was brought to bear upon ii may pobsibly be convoyed by the statement that one of the hydraulic rams burst under a pressure of 12,0001b. 'to the square inch. The mention of a ship 'in this connection calls to mind a curious ap- plication of this suhle force, and on no" trivial,scale,'on bonni the ill- fated Bessemer steamship. This vessel, as everybody knows, ' Vi-as intended to do away with sea-sickness, and in the middle'of it liad a swinging saloon sonio 70ft long, ' the'1 least,, movement of which could., be coun- teracted by ii slight ' motion k of the hand operating on ¡i hydiaulic ram. Another unfortunate scheme presented a very striking display of this li entendons force. The steam ferry across the Thames,' near the Thames Tunnel, had lo lie brought al all slates of the tide on ii lovel willi a platform on either side of the river, or rather tho platforms had lo be brought, on a level willi the ferry,and it was very curious to see what had the nppcarauco of a section of a roadway, and perhaps thiee or four heavily-ladcu carl« or vans with their men and horses, all lifted or dropped by ¡i slight movement of a jingle hand upon a lever. The unobtiusivenohs of the force is veiy impressive. There' is noue o£ the fuss and fuinu of steam power, and the actual hydraulic machinery lies in a wonderfully .small compass. All the premises of tho various Dock Companies in the port of Loudon aro permeated by this force, yet there is little to see ami no noise. Jumbo may be hoisted on board ii vessel, or dock gates may lie opened or shut, or hogsheads of sugar may be lifted out of the hold of a vessel ,-iH though they were so many nut- megs, bul there areno engines lo be seen, and the mon wlm manipulate- the power rarely know anything about it. Tho cranes in the West India Docks will, we believe, lift thirty tons with ease, and at Woolwich the same silent; power must, we suppose, be capable of doing twice or three times as much. This samo giant is as capable of small achievements as of gi eat ones, in the West Indian Docks, for iiiHlance, ii has within the post year or two been set to perform what looks to bo rather an ignominious task by comparison with most of its doings. Ali coffee coming into the dock here is turned out of tho , receptacles it comes in, in order to bo sorted according to the size and colour of tho berry. When it comes to bo returned to the ciisks in which ii has arrived, there is always a difficulty in getting it in, and labourers used to bo employed to Ihuiup the sides of the bairels with mallets. This ? thumping is now done by hydraulic power. The barrel is placed in the middle of a machine, and ii little handle is turned. This alternately ¡nils on ¡uni cuts off the water- ., power, and a number of iron beaters first spring out from the sides of the receptado and then fall heavily back again, shaking \ the coii'ee beans into their places in about .*.' one minute, a task which it formerly took" six men five minutes to perform. Anothor very ¡netty and curious function is hero required of this agent, and it is one which must, we fancy, do a good deal to reconcile Londoners to the idea of tolerating another Hyatoui of pipes for the ^disturbance of the streets, hi the Dooks the water mains aie under constant pressure j but here, as elsewhere, it is found that as a means of grappling, with a fire the pressure is altogether inadequate. Tho first outburst of the water is powerful enough ; but the fact of its oultbursting instantly relieves the, pressure, and the columns of water falls, and is no longer available for any considerable height. The Dock Companies, howover, aro able most effectually to remedy this by carrying into their standpipes ii jet from their hydraulic mains. Reiufoiced by this powerful auxiliary, tho column of water which spurted up feebly aud mostly in the form of a spray rises instantly in a dense and effective stream to a great height. Tho company about to carry these hydraulic mains through the streets for tho convenience of anyone who chooses to pay for it have, it must be confessed, a strong point over and above their Act of Parlia- ment when they urgo that they will be ¡ire pared to do for the public protection just what the Dock Companies now do for their own security. They will have their pipes under tho roadway alongside the water mains, and it will but require that a con- nection shall bo provided between the two systems at each stand-pipe to render thoir pressure of some 7001b. or 800lb. to the square inch available for fire extinction purposes. This would undoubtedly render tho stand-pipe system efficient, whereas at present it is vory generally found to be a failure. NOT long ORO tho president of a Fronch court examined a young man foi- u IOUK thno a« to his Insanity, and wits BO convinced thut ho wus per- fectly BUHU that ho exclulnicd: "1 Bwoat- that It ulthor of us Is liibiuio. It Is I, nnd not this young man." Tho doctor of the lunatic at,) lum. who was In court, whispered to tho judge to ask him about Ills mother. Thcjuilgo did so, mid the unt'ortun.ito patient, who. was on all other snujoola of moro flinn ordinary Intelligonco. auld! ''Jly mother! Sho Is hero In my watch." And ho opened lils watch, saying. "Spoak to thoso gentlemen, mamma," and ikon, shutting it up, kissed it. 