Our Melbourne Letter. The difficulty which perplexes this com munity in all attempts to apply the Edu cation Act, arises from the fact that indi vidual members of the Roman Catholic Church have no rigiit of private judgo ment,~such as is exercised by Protestants. The church rules absolutely, and even a Bishop, or Cardinal, that would set up a claim to free thought and action, on any point, already settled ex Cathedra, must bear the consequences of his temerity. Very recently an attempt has been made to discover a common ground, on which the secularist party, and those of the El Jer Ohnrch, might strike hands. It is held that the two bodies joined can win the coming general election, and the Catholics are said to be quite willing to allow to the Seculars somuch of the "loaves and fishes," as will be consistent with material security for them that the prescribed policy shall be maintained. Failing some such ar rangement, it is said that the advances of the Converaative party will be accepted. Clearly the game of the future will be akin to the game of the- past, to rule by virtue of holding the balance of power. The men who arc trying to cement the proposed combination speak very slightingly of Sir Bryan O Loghlen, as a timD-rerver and self-seeking man, moved almost utterly by personal ambitions. There is in Collingwood just now an odd tish lumeil Dowie, who preaches in the Tabernacle raised by the Rer. Mr Cherbuiy, being Utatm tenons for that gen tleman, while the pastor enjoys leave of ahsence on half salary. Mr Dowie is the gentleman who recently sueil Mr Walker, the Spiritualist, for defamation of chantc tcr. and on the advice of his counsel abandoned the suit, each side paying its own costs. Soon after Mr Cherbury started dom his holiday, the stiiistitiite in change began to assert authority, which was most distasteful to the office holders of the church, most of whom have in conse <|nence been removed, or suspended, or have resigned, and the temporary pastor is commonly spoken of by outsiders, as "The Mad Parson." On Friday evenings he devotes himself to the advocacy of Temperance, by heading a party of young people, niostiy girls, who tramp around Collingwood, stopping at the dours of public houses t<> sing alluring melodies oat of tune. The "larrikin" element is deeply interested in this absurd procedure, and it is very certain that more or less of riot will attend Mr Dowie's action. On general principles, a man hxs a right to take beer if he wishes to do so, without hiving his teeth set on edge by inha:m onions squalling, on the part of Mr Dowie and his Syrens. The preacher, meantime, is trying to induce his followers to go boldly into saloon bars, to expostulate with "Boniface and his customers. Some such actii.n was taken in the Unite<l States, about ten years ago. by praying lands of wnmen : but no permanent good seemed to result from their "crusade," and in some cases, where the Germans found them selves cut i.tT from their lager Irrr. hard knocks were common ; the/nni and/mti- I'm making themselves champions of the • ippnssed and down trodden lover of small beer. Such methods of procedure ought to lind no upholders where the people rule. The typical blunderer was so dense in his incapacity that lie was said to In; unable t" "open his mouth without putting his i fi«t in it." anil "Mr. Dick" in lMri/I j Cop/vrlirld. although sometimes capable of tnakina wi>e su-r- iestions. .is for instance when he tolil "Aunt lVtsy Trotwood " that "David" might be washed, was neversafe from a relapse into I lit! memor ial craze, about his lieing the wearer i >f the head that was cut from Charles I. Mr. Demon is unlike the first named blun derer, as he can talk sensibly on many f ulijfCts. hut when he touches l'sychometry he in as nuul as "Mr. Dick."* with the mixed heads in the memorial. He has h<xa talking on that subject recently in the Bijou, and to ijuote Tom H(hhl with a dif ftreuce:— o. it iw pitifnt, NWaaMcntrfuTl. Friends be haj n-iiif,** to tell him that he was making a ninny • f himself for the sake of selling a few boolcs and a few j-eople. About two-t'iinls of the audience laughed at him, some were pained ton much for merriment, and some few perhaps believed that he, by the. aid of •• sensitives," can tell fortunes, read cha racter, detect murders, and do a hundred other things under impossible conditions, provided he is allowed a stjuare inch of pocket-handkerchief, which the udented walking gentleman has used. With a jjehhle that was once carried by ice to a moraine, he unfohled the mysteries of the glacial period in America, and so on. '" Tis true, 'tis pity, and pity "tis, 'tis true," "wit we n;u.«t sometimes listen to " Svrcet Wlls jangled, out of tune and harsh." Dr. ToiiL the coroner, is being roughly handled because Erysipelas is no longer rampant in the Melbourne hospital, lint perhaps the marked improvement to which attention has been called in the House by Mr. Laurens. is mainly due to Dr. Youl's action. Certainly Erysipelas was terribly common in that institution, and perhaps competent attention has removed the {.trnis of the disease. If that In- the case the fV-roner has been a benefactor to the public, although hi* notation has cut down the hospital subscription list by £400. Of course it was nonsense to assert that the bailding wanted tearing down, and re-con ttructitin. Thorough cleanliness and due care ire alone necessary to keep any sound structure in condition fit to receive and deal with disease. Dr. You] is fussy and pugnacious, but he hai done no harm in this instance, however much the few people whom he lias mused from slumlwr may abuse him. Hospitals are intended for other purposes besides the comfort of a staff of officials. The police held a. meeting on Wednes- I day to consider and repel asiiersions on their character as a body, and with good common sense the memliere of the force who were present, admitted the possibility of "Mack sheep" being found in their ranks. The Police Commission, with Mr. Longmore at their head, have determined to shut out the press, as it is contended that the Metropolitan papers are rather wielded in defence of a few police officers than for the service of the public, and in consequence reports are garbled to suit personal ends. The decision recently ar rived at re Messrs. Winch and Lamer, will establish the practical Value of the Com mission's labors. The report cannot be ready for submission to the House for some time, inconsequence of new develop ments. Rumor says that Mr. Joseph Jones will certainly stand for Warmambool. That is a blunder. He will not stand for that con stituency unless Mr. Francis elects to seek a rest from representative labor, and even in that case it seems remarkable ihat a pronounced free trader should 1* con sidered a fit substitute in the House for one who claims consideration as a pro nounced protectionist. Warrnaiubool wants protection in its own way, in the shape of a breakwater, whoever may be its member. A railroad as well would not come amiss, but the breakwater is wanted instantly, or else the lay may silt up be fore that measure of defence is afforded. It certainly looks very remarkable that a railroad is to be constructed to Koroit, and , no further, when Belfast with its fine liar-1 tor and chances for profitable business, ! are within ten miles. The estimates of cost quoted by Mr. T3ent to alarm the Housa, are simply absurd, as his officers know welL In the event of Mr. Francis d airing to remain in Parliament, Mr. Joseph Junes will offer his services to VII- Ijers ftnd Heytesbnry on,c.e W^ H«IJSH if) the meantime) tlio Government cuts up tlio . colony into ono member constituencies. In that case ho would go' for ■BaHiirSbJ'ns' it' is possible ho will do in toy caso, should Jlr» Brophy see his chanco hopeless. Mr. Ricluinl Baker, -who hns twico con tested tho Wunmcia district, will, it is be lieved by hosts of friends, score a victory in the next election, and no man better deserves that honor.- Ho is one of tho "old identities" on Ballarat, dating from years before tho Eureka rebellion, anil tho stand by him on ono occasion against Judge McKay is remembered by thou sands, who want, to see him where his ster ling qualities will show to advantage. Mr. J. J. Casey is considered safe for Jlnudtirang, if ho will listen to the offers of the miners of Englohawk, and it is toler ably certain that he -won't wait to be asked twice. His Parliamentary and De partmental experiences will make him an accession to the House. The weak and inefficient way in which Mr. Munro's motion on Federation was discussed on both sides is the tliomo of general comment, and people are not slow to note the fact that Mr. Berry followed and sustained the weakness of Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, just as if ho hail already lieen included in the much whispered of re-or ganisation. Mr. Berry is surely too old a bird to be caught with chaff. He ought to remember a series of interviews once had with Mr. Vcrdon about a similar bait, when the Mettonrich of the Treasury was so astute ns to leave him in an evil plight, ami coniTr-1 a silly explanation in the House. Such an alliance would ruin all parties concerned. But returning to our Mtmtmu there is a deplorable ignorance in Parliament on the possibilities of Federa tion, which can only bo remedied by the people outside sending in something bet ter than a second rate parish vestry. The American Railroad Tracklayer is to l>e used in constructing lines in this colony, as the Patentee, MrC. E. Jones, on Wed nesday last, received the following letter from the Secretary <if Railriiads, Mr. Laliertouche :—"Sir. adverting to pre vious correspondence respecting the use of the American Tmckiayer, in connection with railroad construction, and to your letter of the 25th July last on the subject; I have now to inform you that the Dejiart nient will shortly insert n clause in the specifications fornew lines, permittingthc employment of this machine." Victoria will thus lie the first British colony to ac cliraato the American invention, which is truly a marvellous cheapening of construc tion, so far as the laying of rails and sleepers is concerned, without deroi»atimj in the slightest from the solidity and dur ability of the lines. Prairie lines in the United States, where there are no bridges, nor excavations, or as the Yankees say "cnts, jills,- nor trestle work," are being made for less than $4,000 per mile, or to state the amount in our own coin about £800 jier mile. Of course there is nothing to Ih; deducted therefrom for cost of land, as Railroad Companies can get alt the land they want, as well as money aids from local corporations, landholders, and the general Government, to encourage their enterprise; but the sum named includes formation, cost of sleepers, rails, and con struction, ready for traliic. Compare such figures with the £35,000 per mile, which our first railroads cost the colony, nnd there is no room for wonder that the first contractors, their engineer, and their financial agent, bt-cante in a short time fabulously rich. Such prices might have beggared Victoria. During his recent, visit to New South Wali-s, Mr Berry lias been treated with very groat consideration in the coal mining district, where many "Id Victorians are now limited. This is the way in which an eye witness, Mr Ninian Melville, M.L.A., sjx'nks of the reception of our ox-Tre;ianrcr. :il ex- Premier, who thinks the present time inappropriate for oiniiing the o,nes ti..u of Federation. However, let the eye witness speak :— •■The ll»ror« ■ f \Vallf>rnci and riattritnrg ptventcd Jlr Bony with an adtlrtas. then invit.nl him to i pnl'lic dinner in the School of Art*, at which the nlritnr.cn ami a large number of tin- principal inhabitants gat <l<iwn, and cave and received the usual toa«f. After d:nni-r Mr Ifcrry nd.lrriKcd fiOO t» TOO persons, hnndri-d* bring nnaitfa to .iliUm a.lmi'sioti. Great enthusiasm pre vailed. At I.imbton. a prcat. ovation wa« offered. »nd a K rand dinner given to Mr Ikrrv and piny liy the Mayor. Mr Kerry add rssed a lar^n inerting, which filled the ; sticct, and every >iffn was evident that the . peup.'e had lead JwtHwn th« lino* of all that : liad lwen written in all the newspapers, and had judged for themselves. The mass ae c»|it«f! Mr Berry a» thegrcal representative of tlie right* of lalmnr to a laigi-r share of consideration than ever capital wnuld extend to it, ncvdi-d liy the tflf-"Ticrificine «IToits ..f such patrintic men us the Hon. Gtaliam Birry. 'Jlicfc were, the principal events of the vi»it. |.Nt the managers of th* great coal mines nf the district, Mr Xiil«on and Mr Crondace. rach vied with the other in court e-ie< to their visitor and his friends. Atthc lunwe of rach asumptn ns fe'ftwa-mpiilied. Atonct«li!ef..ur uwyorsnf Wallscnd. l'latts * nr". Xcwca"tl*". a*d I^anditon sat down. The Mayor of Xcwra-tle ixpiessd regret that he lad not an intimat'on of the Ti«it, so ns to have di lie the 1 nmi'irs due to mch n distinsiiWic«l visitor. Thee \vrr« only out lines of the po d will unii < nthnsiaMu. A nniiibfr cf carriaK"" »llr'l '»itn tlie principal inhabitants. »e<omp»niitl Mr Hirry in hi* vif.it*. The hmidii of Wallwml and Lambtfm fille.l the air with music, and at the latter place the band snd a large number of people cfcr.rt«<l Mr Eeiry by moonlight a consider able distance on the road to Newcastle. Jlr B-rry expressed hi« pratiGcation of his re ception in no measured temis, ftatingthatit «x« done in a princely manner, and that ho fnlly astecd with what Mi Croudace mid at dinner, that luimjnetini; was the most i-fficae ions way of doctoring a man in id-health." M^r Berry has had a very pleasant ex perience, which certainly should not dis courage advances in the matter of Federa tion ; but perhaps there is not yet a per fect understaniliiiji between the leader of the opposition, ar.d Mr Mnmu. Onu of thu stories of the day is, that Mr Berry was invited to accept office ns Postmaster General in the Public Cabinet; but of counso the inventor of tho canard had no Parliamentary experience, otherwise lie must have known that there could be no constitutional warrant for tendering such an office to a person not a member of the Parliament of that colony, nor even a re sident in that colony. Some of the people flat are employed to make paragraphs for Melbourne dailies seem to proceed on tho childish rule :—"Open your mouth, and shut your eyes, and see what God will send you." Mr Beny mil be able now to understand tlie meaning of the passage in Scripture which says :— "A prophet is not without honor nave in his own country." That welcome from the people, was worth moro than all the honors scored by Sir Henry P.irkes, in his costly trip round the world ; and it speaks loudly in favor of a policy tending toward federa °A barkeeper, who was recently pulled for selling liquor on Sunday, looked so much alarmed that his friends asked if lie had seen a ghost? The poor fellow answer ed, "Yes,an Inn Spectre." No wonder his npirita went down under such circum stances. Inspectors are dreadful visitors, more especially now, when the Police Commission is in fuU swing, and suspen sions are in order. -Nothing can bo done in tho Winch cum Lamer business at pre sent, and until the oridinee in the enso, with tlie answers of the accused, are before ns, it would bo cruel to pronounce an op inion. When the 13uncoml>o inquiry ended in a fiasco, it looked as if tho whole affair was a farce; but now the piece looks hk« tragedy, and the suspended men must be el-owed the courtesies duo to the occasion. Tho great body of the police express a hope #wt tho Ctomjnjsaion. w!]l fflftke n full investigation, to-remove: from-them the stigrimwhlchjMicakt on thorn by tho r aeS9B"oFa*few*pefs6hs in - Uio'forocC'-Mr Longmorc and his colleagues in the Com mission, wilt not play with their oppor tunity, ob they liavo "Btntck oil," nnd they know ita value. If one tontli of tho stories thnt arc current may bo takon as gospel, tho Police force ought to bo boiled in brino, and neither saltpetre nor St. Peter should sayo them;. but it will turn out liko tlio story of the Three, Black Crows. It is oho thing to talk at a streot corner, "nutter tho rose," and another to give evidonce where ovory word will carry weight, and an ounce more, or less of slander may result in appropriate punish ment .: V ■ ■- •>. I. : ;i ' j ..; ■ ; 