OURCALtFORNfAN LETTER. rnwim mir nwn DnsTA'tTJOTictpnt'! San Francisco. October 22, 18*2. It is difficult, in the present political tur. moil, and in which your readers take no interest, to find material for a satisfactory letter by this mail. With local politics ram pant and business couchant, it were proper to apologise, perhaps, for a somewhat miscella what follows is as fair a review of matters and things here at present, outside o£ politics, as can well be made. It is noticed that a person named William McCana Neilsen, hailing from Victoria, Australia, has. taken a hand in the local political fight, and is writing in a weekly here in such an in cisive, not to say vindictive way, as to attract general attention. He has impaled on .his pen's point -one candidate, at least, for Con gress, But it ?would appear this Murat of journalism has a Nemesis; for yesterday morning, the Merchant, edited by a gentle * nan named Bell, came out -with Mr. Jffeilson's record in the colonies that will, X think, have the effect of spiking his guns. As newspaper paragraphers say ' it is important, i£ true.' Snt as your correspondent has no interest in the matter the fight is allowed to proceed on its own merits. One interesting feature ? that we must fain notice, marking strongly the fall elections that have taken place or are to take place in the different States, is the prohibition senti ment. It is slowly hut surely coLiL^; ths politics of the United States, and in the near future will make itself respected through the ballot-box. True, the fight has just been fought out in Ohio with disastrous results to ihe Republican party for having the moral courage to incorporate the prohibition plank in their platform. Where, before the Re publicans carried the State by a large majority, the Democrats, by the aid of the distillers and liquor dealers, have suc ceeded jin making that majority their own. Beer and whisky were trinmphant, completely unhorsing the Buckeye Republi cans, as the same forces did in England not long ago Gladstone's Administration — the eloquence of the pewter-pot being even stronger in'accomplishing the overthrow than Dizzy's subtle tongue. But this present de feat is considered by the anti-alcohol men only a step backward in the way to eventual success. It has given the intelligent heart of the Republic pause— lime to reflect; and the nature of the reflection is that we are reach ing a dangerous pass in the government if alcohol is the mainspring of our politics. This Ohio victory has drawn the rankand iile of the temperance army all over the country closer together, and if their feeling may be expressed in verse perhaps the oft quoted triplet, slightly, varied, will do it very well :— ' Freedom's Ixittle once began, Bequeathed by temperance sire to son, Though baffled oft, is ever won.' Tbe result in Ohio has certainly had an «ffect in California. The Prohibitionists arc ont with a full State ticket, headed by Dr. K. Hu McDonald, president of the Pacific Bank, San Francisco, for Governor, and the rest of the candidates for the different offices are men whose names and position in society command respect. The Democrats pat this ticket on the back, for in it they recognise a movement that weakens the Republican forces. The Republican journals assail it with ferocity, and the comic papers lampoon it by pen and pencil. But notwithstanding the false friendship of [the Democracy, the parti san enmity of the Republicans, and the jeers of journalistic clowns, procured by Republican money, the little cohort of tem peraBce soldiers nave mustered to do their ?devoir in the coming political battle. Of course prohibition will have but little effect in this election, nor in the nest perhaps, nor in the one to follow, but the -education of the people will be going on all the same. It is going on now in this city. Many who in their younger years scouted the idea of being deprived of their beer, are now married aud rearing families. They wish to save their children from the ordeal through which, they themselves have passed, and being also law abiding citizens, shrink appalled from the statistics of viciousness traceable directly to rum. For this reason our prohibitionists look for. the moral idea to usurp at no distant day the place in the ballot-box now held by partisanship only. In my last letter mention was made of an important convention of viticultuiists then in session here. It was the first of the kind convened on the coast, and the members had evidently brushed themselves up for the occasion, as the debates and speeches (full reports of which were published in the daily papers) are marked by practical wisdom, re suiting from experience, that displaced many ingenious but erroneous theories heretofore entertained ,by our California vineyardists. It was a sort of Baeehian love- feast, and such glowing prophecies were made of the future importance of the wine interest of the State that every vigneron present or absent, had he but 'fifty acres in grapes,' hugged himself for being such a fortunate fellow. Grapes were then selling at 25 to 40 dollars per ton, with a steady demand, and under the circumstances self felicitation was, perhaps, pardonable. But, alas ; how true is the French proverb—' L'homme propose el Dieu dispose.' The convention had hardly adjourned before heavy rains set in — an un usual occurrence so early in the fall— and the clustered purple berries that promised dollars to their owner were in many districts rendered comparatively valueless. They were mildewed and became unfit for use. It was a significant and disastrous commentary on the frequent boast anent 'our glorious climate.' Fine seasons we^have, no doubt, perfect days following calm and rest ful nights ; but somehow those who even after years of experience pat their for tunes in the keeping of our soil and climate too often find sudden and unexpected treachery that makes their lives the struggle of hope rather than its fruition. To approach exact statement in regard to the damage done to vineyards and raisin curing by Vthe unex pected rains, it may be said that according to the most trustworthy authority only four or five million gallons of wine will be made this season, as against ten million gallons in ordinary seasons. The damaged grapes will generally be used for brandy-making. The raisin product escaped with much less loss. Still it is estimated that there will be only 60,000 boxes instead of 75,000, the usual result of more favorable conditions. Oregon, for purposes of agriculture and stock-raising, is much more trustworthy than California. There are no dry seasons in the Webfoot State, as it is called ; while with us our farmers look for a quadrennial drought that used to transfer most of their previous three years' earnings to the pockets of the storekeepers and commissionmerchants. They have now an additional drawback in an oppressive freight charge by the railroad. Several have toed of the struggle, and gone to the better - watered lands of the neighboring State, where seedtime and harvest can be depended on; but ?with sublime patience aud hope many still take their chances of winning fortune from the soil of the Golden State. Apropos of Oregon as a sheep raising country, a little in formation found in the course of reading the other day mav be profitably used. It is to the effect that a lot of 1S.O00 sheep, all wethers, was recently driven from Umatilla county, in that State, to the railroad depot in Colorado, and shipped east— 5,000 miles— to Chicago. The original cost of the sheep was $2 a head, and the clip of wool paid for the sheep ; the freight was §1.20 a head, and the price obtained averaged S4.50. A profitable business it must be admitted. Absenteeism (not in quite so grave a sense as that complained of by the Irish people some years since) is fast becoming the fashion among leading San Franciscans. Irishmen complained that landlords rack-rented their tenants in the Green Isle, in order to find means for extravagance and dissipation abroad. San Franciscans object that its capitalists, now they have made their 'pile,' are transferring themselves and their money to 3Sew York and other large cities of the east, preferring, as is given out, the alterna tions of seasons there — the_ summer's Jfer 'vent heat and the winter's intense cold — to the monotonous pleasure of the 'gloriou3 climate of the Golden State.' The hegira began some six or sevenyears ago, when failing mines circumscribed stock speculation and lessened the bullion export. James W. Kcene, one of the richest dealers in stocks, and now prominent on the English turf, was the first who was shrewd enough to see that the game of speculation in California was ud: so he folded his tent, like the financial Be douin that he was, and silently stole away to a larger theatre of operations in New York. Then the Rothschilds closed their brancli here, as there was no longer sufficient busi ness done in bullion to justify retaining offices and a staff of clerks. Since that time, the Crcesuses have been flitting one by one ; and now Leland Stanford, the Pacific railroad magnate, who up to date seemed to consider his presence here and Ms palace on Nob Hil) quite sufficient compensation for the millions abstracted from the general means of the people by a peculiar system of fares and freights, announces that he, too, ?will shortly remove to New York, there to reside permanently. D. O. Mills, another CaUfornian-made rich man, who started in life in 1849 on the levee at Sacramento as a peanut vendor, but who lias since accumu lated anywhere between ten millions and fifteen millions of dollars, has been in New York for some three years, and astonished the people there by the boldness of his specu lations, real estate and other. The Bonanza kings— Messrs. Flood, Mackey,and Fair— are also said to be pluming their wings for a flight eastward, now that the long deferred hope of a resuscitation of the mining market has made the people so com pletely ' sick' they will pay no more assess ments on the uomstock. San Francisco has gone through the experience of a mining share excitement in a greater degree thfra Melbourne did, and losses of individuals have been relatively greater. But in the case of the Victorian city the bubbles have disap peared, and what little business is now done ** under the verandah' is in properties of real value. Here, when the Bonanza men have gone, they will leave behind them exhausted mines, and penniless, plucked, hollow-eyed victims, wandering like ghosts ga what was formerly the busy mining bourse, but is now pertinently called by a local Spanish journal 'Ia Callejuela de los Pobres' (the little street of the paupers). There never was a time in the history of the United States that the heroism of crime is so complacently regarded as at present. This is evidenced in the case of the late Jesse James and his gang of bandits and train wreckers, so long a terror in the elder Western States. As the Kelly band of bush rangers in Victoria had a certain sympathy and protection among the common people of that colony, so the James outlaws in Mis souri were secretly applauded, and their whereabouts so weu guarded that the autho rities were unable to reach them, and the scoundrelly alliance was only broken up by the death of the leader, brought about by treachery of the Ford brothers, two of the banditti, with the connivance of the Governor of Missouri. James was shot by one of the brothers while 'hanging pictures' in his own house, and while his wife was itf the garden. He was a Confe derate soldier, and it was given out that the lawless acts committed by himself, his brothers, and theirassociates, were in retalia tion for wrongs inflicted on his family by the Union troops during the war of the rebellion. This was, of course, sufficient to make him solid with the secessionists of the south and south- west, where most of his crimes were ccnimitted. The wires have been and con tinue to be loaded with items regarding the dead bandit and his family, until he has passed into journalistic history as a sort of martyr to a false state of society, and a maudlin pity is felt by some that 'so brave a man' should have been suddenly cut short in his practice of the peculiar ethics embodied in the ccuplet — ' He may take who has the power, And he shall keep who can.' The Ford brothers who did him to death are correspondingly execrated. They live always in the shadow of assassination threatened by the dead outlaw's friends and admirers ; but this does not prevent them accepting engage ments from eastern showmen to parade them selves before the public for the sake of gain. They would not dare to do this in the western country. Mrs. James, widow of the slaugh tered train-wrecker, has also had a lec ture prepared descriptive of his many virtues, and hopes to turn an honest penny by delivering it in various parts of the country. Naturally it would be supposed the friends and relatives of the guilty parties ought to feel a measure of the shame and disgrace resulting from their criminal acts, and be only too glad to re main in friendly obscurity and quiet till time had mantled their deeds somewhat ; but not so. The times have changed, and we are changing with them. Dollars must be coined out of blood and crime, and this can only be done while the acts are fresh in the public mind, and the gore of the robber and his victims is yet reeking. What is virtue, honor, a good name, compared to money ? Nothing. There is no crime, however vile, that cannot, in the opinion of many, be silver-plated, and some will clutch at coin although it be wet with the tears of widows and orphans, or slippery with the blood of a murdered friend. The latest in connection with this slaughterous gaug is that Frank James, Jesse's brother, has sur rendered himself since the organisation is broken up, and calmly says to a press inter viewer he has no doubt he will escape convic tion, or if convicted the Governor will inter fere. ' I desire,'' said this now harmless brigand, 'to live a quiet life with my family.' Selah! The Princess and the Marquis of Lorne are still in British Columbia looking into matters in that remote part of the new dominion. Accounts say Lome and his lady are enjoying themselves. They are certainly treated with the utmost cere monial respect by the colonists, but if the information is correct the Princess rather chafes at forms and ceremonies, and desires to enjoy her outing at her own sweet will— and she has a will of her own, if the truth must be told. There was rather a unique compliment paid the vice-regal party when a visit was made to New Westminster, on the Fraser River, an important salmon canning place, on the 2nd instant. They were received beneath an arch built with salmon boxes and barrels filled with tins of salmon. This was surmounted by a large cougar (an American lion) and trimmed with deer heads, and from the roof of the arch were suspended a large salmon and sturgeon. Fishing-nets festooned each side, on which were the follow iDg niottos : — ' Our Sea Farm,' ' Natural Resources.' There was also an Indian arch, tastefully decorated, and on it was written in Chinook — ' Cla How Yah Que 15ns Tenoso.' The feature, at night, was a canoe torchlight procession. The distinguished party have been so well received that they will not tear themselves away from the delights of British Columbia and its loyal people till late in the present month. On the return home, via San Francisco, a more formal reception and elaborate entertainment will here be given the Princess and Governor-General than was accorded on their first arrival. The lumber trade between this coast and the Australian colonies has received, for some cause, a sudden impulse. In place of two or three vessels a year chartered for various ports on your side of the ocean, there are more than that number a month. It is not infrequent to. find as many as four or five large sea-going vessels awaiting cargo at some of the large lumber stations on Puget Sound, and these in nearly every case are chartered for colonial ports. The price of lumber has been gradu ally increasing in this city, and the demand from abroad is such that charters have also stiffened to a profitable point for shipowners. China, it may be added, is also taking more lumber from this side than formerly. Have you ever had what is called an ** Authors' Carnival' in your part of the world? It is to be presumed not, as the in stitution is of but recent growth and peculiar to America. The 'carnival' has been adopted with an eagerness that may be called feverish by the society ladies and gentlemen of San Francisco, and for the last three years has invariably followed the close of our annual Mechanics' Fair. It is for 'sweet Charity's sake,' the proceeds being divided ameng the various benevolent institutions of the city. The readiness with which our young gentlemen and ladies — par ticularly if the latter have the dangerous gift of beauty — lend themselves to this enterprise, has given rise to some ill natured comment to the effect that personal vanity and not the charitable virtue is the inducement. But you generally find that those who utter such sentiments are, if of the male sex, wizened as to face and shrunken as to calf ; if of the female, belonging to that grade who for years past have, as wall-flowers, ceased to be noticed by the editors of fashion able society journals. The great ball of our Fair Building is utilised for the carnival, and here a series of booths are erected, each de voted to the exposition, by acting and cos tume, of scenes from the works of favorite poets, novelists, dramatists, historians, or whatever may be picturesque as to costume and dramatic as to action. Shakespeare is affected by the more ambitious, and bis principal plays are rifled of their best scenes, because, as a general thing, the more actually ignorant of histrionic art the novice, the firmer his conviction that he knows all about it. Byron, Scott, and the Arabian Nights, the French and German authors, are also favorite sources from whence to draw. The population in San Francisco is so mixed, the literary tasce consequently so varied, added to which the ambition of the members of each booth to excel the other in point of beauty and display is so great, that the result is really a varied and gorgeous show, and the attendance of the public so large that the charities to aid while the carnival is given, are very substantially benefited. Of comae so far as correctness of detail in the tableaux and acting is concerned, one is expected to lay a critical spirit aside for the nonce and take the will for the deed. Last year several thousand dollars were realised for the poor we have always with us ; and it is confidently expected this carnival, which opens on the 23rd instant, will show doubled receipts for the same laudable purpose. Vanity is a venal peccadillo after all ; and if the chance to show a pretty face or a well-turned ankle, set off by a handsome costume, can be made to subserve a good purpose, wherte's the harm of being a Medora, a Kaled, a Zuleika, a Juliet, or an Amy Robsart for an evening ? The British ship Dunbritton, Captain Emmett, arrived here on the 4th instant, in seventy- seven days from Adelaide. The vessel comes in ballast, and will take a cargo of wheat for Europe. During the passage heavy gales were encountered, which split the sails, and shifted the ballast so that the ship was submerged with the top-gallant rail under water, and the boat in the davits filled. An interesting incident of the voyage was that ol being noaroea on .august z/ by a boat from Pitcairn Island with fruit, &c.; In return the captain sup plied the -islanders with reading matter which they crave with a hunger increased by a scanty education. The number of inhabi tants on Pitcairn now reaches one hundred and two. They were reported all well. These descendants from the Bounty's mutineers have excited a strong interest in San Francisco and in the United States generally. There is an organisation in this city, the business of which is to collect food, raiment, books, and other necessities, and confide the supplies to cap tains of vessels crossing the Pacific, taking the chances of their calling at Pitcairn. This is very laudable, but like most other things the lavish American disposition undertakes, it is liable to be overdone. The self-reliant and independent islanders may by and bye become merely dependents on outside charity.' The condition of the theatre in our city is peculiar enough to deserve a paragraph. San Francisco boasts of nearly 300,000 inhabitants, and has three first-class theatres,the California, the Baldwin, and. the Grand. Opera House, each with a seating capacity of nearly 2,000 ; two second-class, the Bush- street and the Standard, holding each 1,000 ; two third-class, or music-halls, the Tivoli and Winter Garden, with indefinite capacity so far as the andi totium is concerned ; and these are supple mented by a score or more of 'dives' and questionable underground places of amusement, in the vicinity of which a policeman or two may generally be found, as rows are frequent there and arrests ditto. The California is the only first-class theatre open at present, and the stage is supplied by miserable snap com panies and with indifferent pieces, such as ?'Old Shipmates,' 'Davy Crockett,' 'Streets of New York,' el id omne genus. The Baldwin is closed, and it is a question if the Grand Opera House opens this season ; the Bush-street is also shut, and, judging from appearances, permanently so, as its late manager, Mr. Chas. E. Looke has gone to pieces among the shoals and quick sands of impecuniosity. Meantime, the cheap theatres, the Tivoli and Winter Gardens, are nightly filled, and you may listen to the strains of Offenbach's posthumous opera, 'Les Contesd'Hcffmann' at the first, and of Auber's ' Massaniello' at the second for 23 cents admission, with the privilege of being served with all the beer you are able to_ pay for, and all the cigars on the same conditiou you are able to smoke. It is an odd idea this parading of all the great maestri in what may be called undress uniform for the delectation of a beer-drinking and cigar -smoking audience, and the oddity is increased when one thinks of the picture of leaders of ton in full evening dress, of the of the rustling of silks aud satins, the glitter ing of diamonds. dnd the dispersion of deli cate perfumes through the auditorium of a grand theatre, the name of Verdi, Donizetti, Rossini, Meyerbeer, Auber, always called up to the mind. Have we fallen on evil days for art and artists in this western city by the sea ? or are we to congratulate ourselves that art has became popularised, and the proletarian can enjoy his two-bit 'Ernani' of an evening with the same zest as the fashionable dilettanti can do 'the grand' on a sovereign at Her Majesty's? Seriously speaking, the orches tration and concerted vocal music of the operas as given at the places named, is quite satis factory. Of the soloists, compelled as they are to sing every night, Sundays included, not much can be expected. They do the best they can, at the same time husbanding their voices to make them last as long as possible. They know, most of them, the significance of the saying, ' No song, no supper.' It would ecem that San Francisco, once so proud of her stage and the critical taste of the people, is doomed to be deprived of a theatrical position in the future, and to step down from beside the principal cities of the United States to the humbler place of the fag-end of Western Circuit, the bringing-np point of strolling companies with repertoires of fustian. An effort was made by one of your managers lately to arrange San Francisco as an intermediary in a circuit em bracing New York at one extreme and the | colonies at the other. But it is a question if j when this idea was sought to be realised the i manager counted the cost. A circuit that for the round trip has some 16,000 to 18,000 miles of steaming, with high rates of passage, does not promise much profit. The cricketers from your part of the world, who have been making a sort of triumphal progress through England and America, | leave for home to-day by the steamship City of New York. They are a splendid-looking lot of fellows, men of thews and sinews, and a credit to the Antipodes. The team have been wonderfully successful in their tour throughout Great Britain, playing over forty matches, losing only four ; about ten were drawn, many of them very much in their favor. Besides the glory of beating the players of the old country, the ' solid pud ding' of the enterprise is shown, it is under stood, by a bank account, to the credit of the colonial players of £11,000! This is quite good enough as the result of a summer's outing. The matches in the United States were few and futile, so far as the American players were concerned. Cricket is not, nor will it ever be, a popular game in America. It is too English, and that is quite enough to condemn it with young America, who prefers the national game of baseball, a sort of skilful improvement on the rude 'rounders' that we used to play in schoolboy days. The cricketers have been very well received during their short stay in San Francisco, and were kept busy seeing the sights of the city, besides being in vited to a yacht excursion on the bay. On the day before the steamer sailed they played an exhibition match at the Union Recreation Grounds, their opponents being officers from the different British merchant tnips in the harbor. The Australians1 play was as nearly perfect as constant practice could make it; the jolly tars showed they could 'reef, hand, and steer' much better than they could manage a cricket bat. It was a good-humored affair all round, and there is a satisfaction in knowing the cricketers depart with a pleasant memory of their brief experiences in San Francisco. 