THE VICTORIA AMATEUR TURF CtUB MEETING. By Beacon. Another one day meeting will taker placo on .the CanlfMd course to day. This popular club is ovidentlty desirous of mooting tho public wishes by adherring to one day meetings, while it is equally certain that Saturday is tho most convenient day in the week, and. best suited to spore mere are a numoer ot persons who- anxiously look forward to some amuse ment on the Saturday afternoon, andwho feel grateful when it is provided for them.. The Caulficld course is situated in ono of our most healthy and rising suburbs, and on. afternoon's recreation. there is both consoling. to the mind' and invigorating1 to the constitution, Tho drives to tho courso aro as charming as they are diverse, and few cabmen nowadays follow the direct rood. Pour, special trains: have been procured to convoy those who- may prefer tho irou horse, independent of the ordinary trains, wlu'ch, howover, are slower- and stop at IrUU UlbttTUlUUUtbU BbilUUUB* XUU UOUFUU Ui in splendid order, the recent rains having started the couch gross, which is beginning to betray itself wherever tho eye roamB. Plans arc now in course of preparation for some vast improvements on these grounds. Tho committee, contemplate tho erection of a luncheon room, 100 feet long, over, and' above which will bo- a room for tho Governor and a largo saloon for tho ladies, with sofas and lounges, and refreshments. Hera tho ladies will be able to retire between tho raoc.\ in stead of being confined to. tlio. stand, as they now are. Some, alteration in tho seat3 of tho stand is also contemplated, and the onda will bo enclosed with glass. When these, additions and improvements aro made, the Caul&cld; oourae will be the most cosy and. comfortable one in (ha colonies, and I am pleased to bo able to announce that no time will bo lost in commencing the work. Tho meeting which takes place to-day con sists of six races, tho. first on tho list beins: a Selling Bace on a richer and more advanced principle, than, those- which have preceded it. The club give 100 sovs., and the winner is to be sold for ISO sov.i., or as much less as the owners may cIioobo to enter them for, Aa the season is now nearly over,, there must ba a great many horses whose- owners are only too de sirous oi parting with -them, and buxIi a race as this should' bo in great favor. Thure are seventeen entered, but this ia a much ? smaller nnmber than was calculated npon, and I may observe that although thoronre some very fair, cattle amongst the nnmber, tho stake was framed- with tho desire of enticing oven beltencattlo. than those nominated, Tho suc cess of a new stake-, almost always requires timo to recommend it, In our. days trainera. exorcise more caution than they used to do* and they wait to ? boo the effect of a raoo before- they readily enter for it. Upon the success oi this stake doponds ito continuance, in the future,- although I should always liko to 800 Kuoh a stake on tho cards, Theio nro two to he sold for IOCTbovs,, and they getan allow* anee of 14 IB. from their weight, far age; Thns. llespito- will, oorry. a at. 7 Ib,,. and Hun tirtgdouttar same; weight,. til*, tablaaf. weights making, no distinction, between to. four, year oMI and an nged.horae., Thosa.ot these agOB.tct. bet sold for 25 save, will carry; 8 st., and at. thisi price there.- aro several, inelnding the- Ghosb and Sonnetteer, although* I do not expect to- see the first.favorite fon the- Newmarket Han dicap amongst the starters. Many more aro: put in to. be. sold, for nothing at all,, their owners being- quite- contented vrith. the. stako. and' the wagers thoy may win on theiu, Xa this lot aror to bo found Valentine, Glad. Tid- j ings, Harp of ]5rin,~ 'Viking, Corn, Cnlwjo, Spanish Livdy; &o.; This will bo a terrific raco,, and, most difficult to pick, the winner of. It' nil I have heard of Vilcinp» be true, he ought: : to be near landing this. Tho 1'Wo-year-oldi Selling Race,, known as tha Separation Stakes,, j has an cntry,of ten. colts, and. fillies, anything, but acood' entry for a race of' this description. At tho last meeting of the olub a bimilar. raco: fell to the- colt Soipibj and I do not ueo any thing with. a. much better, chance now.. Hisi worst opponents are- likely to bo Queen Eliza- \ beth-and' Syndicate, the latter meeting Keipio on 7 lbi better terms;, which, will mako a^raco of it. The, South Yarra Handicap, of ono milo, has* » splendid entryj commencing with i Napper Tandy, 9 st, 7 lb., and ending with ! four atffstf. 7Jlb., tho best of which should ba Fortuna. But it iB higher, up that I miiBt look fnr a. winnRv. TTin t^»v «M-inlifa S!,* .T.*a.*ni. Blue Eibbon- : Tordure^ Ween, Bar Ono, Afghan^ Mameluke;. King Lud and Cockney are the most in favor, and' perhaps tho Brighton, horse* may have? oa good, a bIiow | as anything;,. For the- Hurdle Race, Jack j has got n, steadier, auol King of: Trnmpa is for from being a reliable norao. : RedEovermay be a triflkoffon account of his ! recent lameness ; at. any. rate, it is question ablo policy to- trust to him iost yet. President cannot be Ot according to running, Glenorvan ought to win this,, and next-to him Ziinga and Young Alfred: I prefer- Chrysalis for the Steeplechase,, oBpccially. as she is, not, to go to Sale; For the Richmond Handi cap The Ghost an£ Beadsman onght to run well; But in- a field like this, and only over, five furlongs, it- is anybody's race. Mnoh depends on what gets well away and round tho turn, where- sometlung usually gets blocked and thrown- out— at least such is the excuse raised. With thisTemark I may con gratulate the clut upon the prospect of a very fine meeting. 