COLONIAL TELEGRAMS. yjCTOFsiiL [From our own Correspondent.] Melbourne, June 29. Some goocl betting bay taken place on the events to be run at tbe V.C.T.C. meeting on. Saturday. The latest quotations are—Ladies' Trophy, 100 to 16 against Ghost, 100 to 7 man, King Charles, .Liberator, Will-o'-Wisp, and Verdure. Maiden Hurdles—G to 1 against Mulatto, 7 to 1 Sportsman, 8 to 1 Beliadrum, and 10 to 1 Crystal, Frederick Derbyshire, the well - known theatrical agent, wa^charged at the Fitzroy Police Court with stealing a theatrical ward robe, value £40. The whole ease arose out of a squabble between the accused and others, who were partners, and the Juvenile Pinafore Company. The bench dismissed the case. The llev. Mr. O'Callaghan, a Roman Catholic clergyman, sued John Branded, butcher, of Collingwood, to recover £49 damages for -injuries sustained by being knocked down by a cow which was being driven by the defendant's servants. The jury found for tbe defendant. The Supreme Court to-day confirmed the conviction of Joseph Langley and George Ryder, who were sentenced to terms of im prisonment for conspiring to defraud by representing themselves as qualified medical practitioners. Tbe prisoners' counsel raised the point that there was no conspiracy to de fraud, because Ryder was simply Langley's servant. An application has been made by the laborers employed on the Victorian railways, who receive 6s. daily or less, to the Minister cf Railways for- an increase of wages on the ground of the present high price of provi sions. Mr. Bent promised to consult the Cabinet as to the advisability cf increasing the pay an extra sixpence per diem for the next three months. W. Anderson, bootmaker, of Swanston street, whose premises adjoin those cf Kimbs, the fruiterer, which were quarantined during the late smallpox outbreak, has sent in a claim to the Government for £60 compensa tion for loss to business during the stamping out of the disease. Mr. McFarland will be sworn in as County Court judge, in room of tbe late Judge Billing, without delay. The appointment has given satisfaction in legal circles. "W hen the Assembly met, Mr. A. T. Clark, on a motion for adjournment, accused the Attorney-General of interfering with the course of justice in connection with the case of a man named Briseoll, who wa3fpro ceeded against in the Police Court for maliciously libelling an engine-driver on the Victorian railways, called Wright. The bench, presided over by the police magistrate, had committed Briseoll for trial, and allowed him out ou bail only on heavy sureties. Kb further steps had how ever heen taken to proceed with the prosedfc tion, owiDg to influence being brought to bear on the Government to shield this man, who was a Catholic. Sir B. O'Loghlen replied that this was the first lime ho had heard of tbe matter, and asked Mr. Clark to give notice of a question for Tuesday. Mr. Clark refused to do so, and demanded that the papers in connection with the case should be laid on the table. Sir B. O'Loghlen refused to be bullied into anything, ana a wordy warfare ensued, in which the Speaker was forced to interfere mere than once. Mr. Dow, in whose district the affair had occurred, ex plained the circumstances of the case apd stated that the Attorney-General had nothing to tlo with the matter. The sub ject then dropped by the motion for ad journment being negatived. Mr. Bosisto asked the Minister of Railways whether the chief medical officer had reported to hiin oa the subject of color blindness in railway signalmen, and whether he would adopt the test of sight as recommended by the late international medieal congress for all men connected with rail way signal ling. Mr. Bent stated that he had received a^report which was under the consideration of the Government. He added that he bad caused the employes of tbe Hobsoa's Bay railway to undergo an examination some time ago, and the vision of some was found to be defective, and they had accordingly been re moved to other positions that would not necessitate visual accuracy. The examination of all railway employes would cost a considerable sum: but as one accident caused by color blindness might cost more than the examina tion made several times over the Government would have it done. Tbe Estimates were further < onsidered in committee of ways and means in a very thin house, when the debate on the tobacco duties was resumed. Several counts out occurred, and eventually progress-, was reported, and the house ad journed without comic" to any decision. At the Theatre Royal to-night John Hen ningv, the scene painter, was tendered a benefit, when " The Green Lanes of England" was prodiwe.d to a good bouse. To-morrow night is the last xiight of the present manage ment, wlicn Grevibe will receive a benefit. On Saturday " Patience " will be produced. . 