TALES AND SKETCHES. PRODIGAL FLAT. AN AUSTRALIAN STORY. Bv MARK JOHNSON. CiiAriP-nXLV.— The Ci.obk op a Misspenp Like. With fovorish and unabatod speed, save whonat short intervals bo dartod backward glances in tho direction from whonco ho expected pursu ers, Georgehurriodawayovor Collingwood Flat. His heart boat painfully and his breathing j grew laborod, hut tho mighty longing to place himself somo whoro— anywhora— whoro ho : could rest and feel himself safo urged him -on- iV«rdl He W(>1)1(1 have dronnod jn his ij\yn t tracks IfbM klitlur exliaiistlon Ware he Only to | imagine that bis enomies wore as determined | as he himself wns, and that those onomics wore ; remorselosBly nenring him, I Away ovor tho swamp which then lay, be- ' tween the lowor end of Fitzroy and Northcote ho rushed with unlossening haste. Ho dared , not think— indeed ho was incapable of doing , so— his mind was in such a whirl of terror and ( dismay. Ho had only ono fixod idea, and that | . was to placo distanco between himsolf and that . from which ho ran— tho certainty of arrest. But bo bis fear never so grent,'it could notpro- vent his physical powers from ultimately fail- : ing him. When ho arrived hot and panting I at the Morri Crook, ho was roady to fall to tho ground out of puro weakness. IIo therefore plunged into tho loneliest portion of tho bush which edged the margin of -tho crook, and llnng himself face downward in tho grass to rest— to think And, lying there, he rapidly reviewed what had led to this terrible cousummation. It was no very easy matter fyr him— this rocatling to mind of past oventB ; his mind was too flurried and anxious for him to readily grip tho rotative bearings of tho sovoral points with which ho was connected, and which bad lod to his being whoro bo was. But ha nevertheless, after n miserable' fashion, contrived to arrange his tumultuous thoughts 'into something approach ing to order, and to contemplate them one by ono. Lying thus, he bont all his faculties towards tho discovering of soma loopholo 'of escape- some mode of action by which ho woujd bo able to avert tho awful clutches which woro thrust out to grasp and hurl him to depths of suffering ovon got more lior- riblo. He thought but little of tho money which ho had labored so hard to obtain, and which was now. doubtless passbd for over from him ; for bo had left it all in his portmanteau, with tho exception of a couple of notes and some silver which ho now carried, Was not a life in peril of infinitely more value than money ? Aye, indeed. But, how to preserve that life, , i Think as lie might; he could form no plan . upon which furthor to proceed — with a view to the best mode of assuring his safety. Upon this point hiB facultioB wero benumbed, and refused their office. In vain did he try to arouse himselt from tho torpor which seemed to bavo suddenly fallon upon his mind and exhausted his power of thought. It was ail uttor failure. Dospito all ho" could do- tho only fectthat persistently dinned itself intd his oars wns that ho must fly— that inoxottible justice was upon Iris track, and that d shame ful death menaced him. " ' , And now a now terror, seised upoii' his grovelling soul. Ordinarily ho was not by any means what ono would torm an imaginative man, but this new fear shook him as though ho had the ague. Dospito tho darkness that encompassed him round about lie saw again— or Fancied ha saw— tho unfortunate girl ho had slain, Plainly as in life ho saw her thoro with her arms stretched out towards him as when she fell at that last awful stroko. He could hardly prevont himself from shrieking aloud at tho sight, but with'a resoluto ondoavor ho nroso and onco moro camo out .upon tho high road. But the girl's imago did not leavo him. It stayed with him always after that— never leav ing him for a ipomont. Presontly he got on tho road that led towards Hatherlow. Ho could not tell why ho followed that road out ol all others. Perhaps ho bad an idoa id his mind that bis enemies would not be likely to think oi finding him thoro— thoy would sup. Pobo ho would attompt to escapo iu an oppo site direction. All that night ho walked briskly— fooling no fatiguo now, for tho phantom which rofuaod to quit his company urged him onward ro- morsolcssly. With tho Bonso of motion, too, lio did not fool so much afraid. But ho was still unablo to think closely, iind tho cry with in to go on would not bo still. With tho dawn ho found himsolf in tho im- . mediate neighbourhood of Diggers' Rest, and I after waiting for tho rising of tho inmatos of a way -sido shanty, ontorod tho bar, and inquirod whethor ho could havo breakfast. It was a sour-looking old woman — tho mistrosB : uf tiio proprietor— to whom bo proforrod this roquost, nndfho fancied sho eyed him over vorykoonly, Nor .was it any matter for wonder if sho did, for tho night'B terror had loft its marks upon \- him. Evor and anon, too, ho could not resist an inclination to throw a hasty : glanco: over his shoulder, as though afraid of boing clutohod by Bomedreod object in his . rear. Tho quick eyes of tho old woman noted this action, but in hor own mind sho formod tho opinion that ho'wns a only a trifle woak in his upper story— on opinion which his haggard appearance, to gether with otlior details,, quite fully bore out. In a iittlo whilo a simple breakfast was placed boforo him, and, with a notion that it was of thoutmost importance. that ho could by all means keep up his strongtb, lie began to oat. But the food had no taste to his palate, and though hb tried by shoor force of will to forcoa few morsols down his throat, ho waB unablo to do so. Then calling for brandy he drank -the fiory liquor in largo gulpn, as though it had boon so much water, and this seamed to brace him up somewhat. .It did not intoxic&to; him— his sense of terror somehow socmod to neutralise all likelihood of that, oven as those who are bitten by a venomous snake,, and - to whom the administration . of alcohol would- seem to provo tho spirit as having :lost its or dinary potoncy. Onco more upon tho road, for a time be wont on with a firmer step. Tho phantom did not seem so terrible to him now as it had done in tho dark. But it was with him; nevertheless. He recognised tier in tho gaudy dross sho had worn whon ho and Raynor had met her that night in tho Melbouruo street, . Then sho suddonly soomod to change, and be saw her as ho had soon her when mimicking Ruth in tho lawyer's house. Next ho saw her seated in tho vohicio which wns about to start with her for Hatherlow. He boch ber ivnvo her hand in farewell, as sho did upon that occasion; and lastly, ho socs her as ho saw her in tho orchard, ' As the day . further advanced upon : its course, and whonovor in tho distanco bo descried people approaching, he turned aside into the adjoining fields or paddocks, so that they might not seo him. Ho could not bring himself to look human beings in tho face. He was afraid thoy weuld recognise his guilt from tho very look in his eyos. ' All that day bo spent thus— wandering along in a devious course; but that course always directed more or less towards tho form. 1 And so until gathering night did he go on in this perforced manner.' . Ho could not toll what to do. He dreaded tho night most of nil, for ho felt that with tho darkness tho ghost which troubled him would harass him to madness. "Whon tho night really had fallon, he found that this haunting, perturbed I spirit was indeod mercilossly resolved upon I accompanying him, and again the quaking fear, like that of tbo overnight, took hold 1 hpoh litl'n. It was with this fear fully at work that ho at length found himself opposite another wayside publichouso, from whonco came rude sounds of boisterous merriment, | Ho could not pass the house. The bh'eethii lights which gleamed thorefrom made tho sur rounding darkness soem all the moro donso and frightful. Ho therefore made a miser- 1 able show of stirring up his courage, and, slinking in, forthwith took a seat in a cornor farthost removed from the light, at the Bamo I time calling for brandy. The noisy assemblage was composed of sundry ! laborers and swagsmon,who woraaiighing up- I roariously at some remarks which ivoro in the ' course of delivery by an oldcriy wooden- ! legged man, who stood with his back towards I the fire. This old man— an employe upon an adjacent farm— was good humoredly making his audience acquainted with what ho was pleased to term " tho noblo art and science of phrenology." Whon George entered, thfe speaker had juBt finished manipulating the cranium of ono of tho company, and bis re marks anent the subject occasioned tbo bursts of hilarity which wero now emanating from the gratified audionco. "Yes, gentlemen,'1 continued tho pattcror, "this 'ore subjeck is wun which 11 amply re pay any timo you may choose to expond on it. Tho 'od is a novo.-fxilin' index by whioh a feller can tell what's in another feller's mind, or loastways, thereabouts. Physiognomy is all very well— I'm not the man myself to say notliin' agin no soionce— but physiognomy don't coino up to what I'm spoakin' on— not by a long way. If you're a married man, it '11 help you to tell what soft of men not to let near your 'umble dwollin' ; for, if a person as y ou think ain't exactly tho correct thing in ri certain partionlar' oomos in, permiseous like; you've nothin' else to do but to drop your 'fingere onto the back of bis 'od, an' grope 'for the bump of- amativoness, which, if yoq find it's largo, my advice is— 'kick him out. It tells you wfto's honest an' who ain't'. There's no mistakin' of what it ad juces; for it p'ints out facts as plain as day. Ill toll you another thlng'as can ba done— to bhow as t's a good th'ipg. 'an' maybe willin! to give credit to. Suppose' a man dbes what ha oughtn't to— fprgo's a 'ohoquB or somothin' of . that sort. What Pray is, that a good phrono- logist, without skin', itioimah at nil, .can toll exactly what bumps are little an what bumps are big on that very 'ed. Oil, you may laugh; that's your bump of mirthfulnoss as 'is bein' touched up now ; but what I state is true, all thosanio. Now, speakin' candidly, I'm only a nmatoor myself in this art an' science,' but, . poor hand as I am at it, I'll go bail I can tel ' what 'sort of a 'odthat foller has what mur dered that gol up at Hathorlow." _ , ' Ho're Georgo gave aauddon start, an action which tbospcaker construed into a dosiroontho li&toner;'s part to obtain what ho douhtloss consi dered intereBtinginforroation, an incident which so gratified thowoodcn-loggcd man's.sclf-ostoem as showing so indubitably tho offoctivoness of liis rhetoric, that ho forthwith courteously in- vitod liis listener to stand forward ; so that upon tho Baid listener's 'own 'ed he could moro clonrly demonstrate what ho was a Bayin of.' "Como forward, sir,'.' persisted Dot-and- carry-ono, seeing that Gcorg shrunk farther . back into tho shadow which hiB cornor affor ded, " came forward. There ain't no mannor of harm in wljat I'm a goin' to do— no mesmerism nor nothin' of that kind. What, yon. won't step up?. That's a pity, If you'll pardon mo, sir, for sayin' so, I should imagine as your own 'ed bos approbativoness small, an combativenosB ditto. That'll explain why you're so baokward at comin' forward. But never mind. What wos I sayin' ? 0 I that murderer's 'od. Now, that infernal devil (an I hope as he'll have his nock stretched insido a month) must havo had combativenos3 and do- structivenoss o-normous; likowiso ho would havo.b'ig firmness an' no conscientiousnoss nor no honovolonco nor no .veneration . If lio's over copped— and there's very little doubt hut .what ho, soon will bo — them thoro bumps as I'vo mentioned '11 bo found as I've raid — -there's not andoubt about it. Did any of you man boar as to whethor there'd been anythin' fur .ther found out with regard to this awful ovont?" ' : Yes; ono of tho company had seen a person who had beon at tho inquost that doy, and wlio said that ; a letter had- 'been found whioh criminated somo follow who had formorly lived at tho farm. Anothersaid, O, yes, itwas quite tree about tho letter, and that a verdict of wilful murder h id boon given against the m'nti who had wrote it. There was also some talk about poison having been found in a bottle near, tho spot. ! gpoorgo could stand this sort of talk no longer, so Blinking out as ho had como in, ho mado his way round to tho rear of tho house, and gently opening tho door of the kitchen, presented himsolf to tho startled eyos of the servantgirl, whom ho beggedjto obligo with ."a bottlo of Honnossy's," With this in his possession ho orice mor0 wont on tho road. By-and-bya,as his eyes grow accuBtomed to tbo darkness, from tho land marks which ho'passod from timo to time, ho , judged that ho could not be many miloBdis- tanoo from Hathoriow. What he would do when ho' got there ho could, not toll, but that ho must keep moving was a faot against which ho felt utterly unable to offor any assistance. , Presently tho night became yot more dark and in a little whilo, still wandering pain- fully onward, the consciousness that hc|had got off tho, track— that ho was lost —forced it self upon him. Ho had no idea whatever as to his whereabouts, and all the horrors of tho night together with this dreadful companion of his, filled his heart full of cowardly diBmay. He was Btill blindly groping along, whon his hands came in contact with an object whioh ha dis covered to he a stack of hay. Hero was a place whoro ho could rest till tho dawn came, ho thought;- and forthwith ho bogan to pall down the liny so as to form a bed. But, when his task was completed and ho wearily flung him self down, he almost immediately again arose, for there— right in his front— was tho dreadful shade— the restless spirit of his victim— point ing with outstretched hand to somo unknown spat, in the direction of which ho shortly ! found himself going with staggering foet and straining eyes. ' ; | For a long and wearisome time ho dragged himsolf along through tho donso nnd intricate bush, now stumbling and anon striking against tho trees. At intorvals with shaking hands ho raised tbo brandy bottlo tohis lips, and strove by tho aid of the spirit to drown remembrance. But it would not ho so drownod, nor did his dread abatoono jot. His pitiless companion, I Ipo, wont along before him— always pointing her ghastly hand towards— he know not what; With hiB aching eyes steadfastly fixod upon tlioso ghastly fingors, and with his heart throbbing as though it would burst out of tho confines in which it labored, he suddonly felt himself falling into spaco, and, directly after wards, with a dull thud, his jwretcliod body struck the bottom of a gully, into whioh, owing to tho darknesB,he bad stumbled. The fall had beon great, and belay there quito un conscious. Won f)o recovered, the (nTgM U Sun was ' glaring 'relentlessly down upon his upturnod lace. He had cut his head with tbo fall, and liis features were clotted with blood, Whon hb tried to move, tbo pain whioh tiio action produced fillod him with an intolerable agony. So, lying still for a time, and gazing upon nought ravo the trees and tho bluo steely skies, ho once moro strovo to think, But, even as be fore, his reason would not resumo it customary functions. Then a groat thirst came upon him, and, by degrees, and groaning with pain the while, ho roso to his feet and wandered off in Boaroh of water. Ho could' find no water. Tho hours crept on and on, and Btill his blood-shot eyos found no trace of which be sought. Then he grow light- j headed, and in tonoB of fretful remonstrance poured out a flood of confused words towards tho cruel, inflexible shade whose white arm still waved him onward. He went on liko this for what must have boon a groat distance, for, like to tho ordinary wont of men who are lost in the bush, ho moved in circles — constantly wotking round and round in his own tracks. But, at length, be emerged from this bewilder ing circle, the bush gradually became less denso— less confusing with tho distressing sameness of myriads of treos, and, almost im mediately, as withjhis failing wits ho noticed this fact, he suddonly discovered a craek, out of the wators of which he drank feverishly, aud then laved his burning faco When he had dono this he clambered to a pieoo of elevated ground, and surveyed the scene before him. Tho sun was sinking redly in the west, and in another hour it would bo again dark. Soatod there, and gazing about him in a ' bewildered way, tbo notion gradually fastoncd itself upon him that this scene upon which he was looking was no strange ono to him, He was upon one of the uplands which bounded the Hatherlow estate. Away down below he could see tho homostoad, and, close beside it, tho orchard, whoro it was ' dono. Ho almost fancied ho could discern tho actual spot whore the body must have bson found. ' Still seated thoro in the calm hush of the \- Sabbath eve— the eve of the day upon which Maria had been buried— he watchad the blue smoke curling lazily upward from the chimneys of the house, while ever and anon the faint sound of a doghowling came borne from afar. Tho howl of the rostloss canine brought to his mind tho old English suporstition that such an event associated itself with an approaching death, but ho quickly dismissed the thought. And now as tho night camo close down ho watched -the tiny lightB whioh began to twiniile in -the windows, and to busy his mind in trying to picture what scenes ware in course of enactment within thoso rooms in which tho lights woro burning. . He thought of all sorts of things, and thou, almost ere ho was aware, it was again, indeod, night, and the darkness was upon him. Y et ho did not move. Despite the motions of the ghostly hand ho sat thoro . and gazod out upon tho night witli hopeless, eyes. He again tried to conjoeturo'ns to what tho fu ture might hold in atore for him; but tho pic tures his fancy drew only sorvod to crush him more utterly into tho dust of dospair. . Think ing thus, tho hours swept onward, and ho be gan to feel chill; so lie got up, and painfully went down into tho valloy, Ho could not toll what ho would next do. Ho had scarcely " controlling influenoo ovor any of his actions. He was almost ontlroly guided by his com-' panian. Then he suddenly becamo possessed of a strange dosiro — a longing to see what was going on in tho old houso, Tho hour was now into, nnd it was hardly likely that anyono would bo about tho exterior of tho building. What benofit bo would dorivo from such- an inquisitive movo lie did not pause ' to consider. I Ho only felt an intenBO yoaroing — come of it what might — to look onco again upon the faces of thoso to whom- ho had dono such grievous wrong, I Croepiog along stoaltlilly ho soon arrived at the houso, and slowly mado his way towards ; a light in ono of tho lower windows, which ho ! know was tho parlour in which tho family . used to assemble at night. Tlib blind was | drawn, but its margin did not fit closely iu I the framework of tho window, and ho was able \- to soo a fair portion of what tho apartment i contained. Thoro was Jack's mother, with ' her apron thrown ovor hor head, rocking hor- | self to-and-fro, While, closo hesido hor, Helen appeared to be trying to soothe tho mother's lamenting. Old Clare, soatod a little distance apart, was gaz'ng at the firo, and tho watcher I could seo ho was weeping silently. Standing a Iittlo way from tho house George could aoo a , light iu tho J udgo's room, and in tho next apartment, a yot stronger light. He noticod, o, that in this lattor eiiambor at frequent tcrvals a shadow foil for an instant upon the blind. Tho cause of this puzzled him for a timo, until he recollected that that was Doc's room, and that this was doubtless his old com rade who was pacing to and fro. He next wont into the orchard. Of all places ono could think of ho surely should havo been avorso to going there. But this eBpccial action was one oyer which lie had not the BlighteBt command. His body was a passive machine undor tho guidance of a something ho droadod to think of, and so he camo to the end of the orchard— to tho spot where it had been. _ Grovelling inho grass ho lay there for a .timo. .The spectre which bod accompanied him ceased now to torment him with that outstretched arm that had waved him ori through all those long miles. Ho had lost, too, all his desire to toil on any further. Ho felt that fie was at the spot where he would some how find rest. His power of thought, too.now returned, bnt it only showed to him how utterly' iiopoless waB tho outlook in his immediate future. Ho thought of everything— of all the ohanco and change — tho sin aud shame — of liis chequered,' misorably-spent life. With nil his bright wit, this was the culminating point— that ho was a- fugitive from justice, with death— a shameful: agonising, damnable death— in his immediate front, He looked up through tho treo3 towards the house once more, and then, taking out his note. - book, be hastily wrote a few lines. He could not see what he had writton, but bo knew tho. pencilled characters were there plainly enough. Then , he tore out tho leaves upon which ho had just written, and hold thorn tightly in his clenched palm, while, from another pooket, with hiB disongaged hand ho took out a tiny phial. With thoso articles clutched in his nervous \- fingors, with hiB eyes closed, and with ids lip" moving with a sound as though he was whis' pering to someone, lie eat there, a wearifu time. Of what momontous thoughts absorbe 1 him, who can tell ? Forhaps he was in com munion with the generous God, whose good : ness he had so vilely outraged. It is only charitable to assume that such was tho truth and that tho Lard of lave listened with a par domng ear. I Witba moan the wrotchod man raised tbs phial to his lips | GiiAPiEB XC.vr.-THB Dma Oneirit. Tho day fallowing upon Diok's woll-con- cluded adventure at Abbotsford, ho is lying grievously ill at his lodgings. The overnight's excitement has been too much for liis -wasting strongtb— bo much so that in his own mind he feels fully persuaded that bis end is now, in deed, very near; and that in only a few days mora ho will bo quite beyond tho touch of trouble. . Dick does not mention to those about him what is passing through his mind. Wero ho | to do bo ho knows that tho intelligence would only sorve to upset thorn— would causo in thorn a greater, albeit usoloss, anxiety for his | welfare. He would rathor they wero not put , to any inconvenienco, and, indeed, lie would try by every possible moans to prevont any- ; thingof tho kind. If he could only contrivo to hold out a Iittlo longer, ho thought— hold out until tbo end was entirely closo at hand— their anxiety must be bo much loss, ' aud it' would, in every way ,bo so much the bettor. Before this, Ruth hadbeou told all the dread, ful and bewildering story about what has happened at Hathorlow, and at first, as with deep emotion she thought of the anguish her parents mhst be suffering under the im pression that she. was doad— sho wanted to be taken to them at once. She could only be quiet ened by MrB Nichol's assurances that she would indeed be conveyed home at the very earliest moment, and that she, Mrs Nichol, would herself accompany her thithor. With this assurance Ruth tried to foe; satisfied. But it was hard work for hor to sit calmly tliere, constantly pictmingaSHhodid what sho imagined was passing far away. Indeed, had it not been for Dick, she felt she could not under any ciraumstances prevent herself from immediately going home. Although Dick was vary patient and strovo liis utmost against everything which ho fancied might leiid thoso about him to becomo cognizant of his actual stato, tho fact that ho was indeed in somo way suffering acutely camo intuitively into the mind of the little maid. How ungrateful it was of her, sho thought, after all ho had dono on her behalf, to show such a strong desire to quit his society. It would suroly bo the least thing sho could do— in tho way of return for his kindness— for her to stay and tgnd him for that oneday. It was really only a 'very little while tili;tho morrow, when, as Mrs Nichol had promised, she should go homo; and indood, she perhaps would hot havo another opportunity to show this poor sick young uian how vory. very grateful she was far tho service he had rendered bor, So, all that day Ruth waited tenderly and lovingly upon the dying olork ;'the two talk ing about all sorts of things— of his own people in faraway England, whom ho beggod her to wiito to and let know, if what ho expocted befol him, and which Ruth with tearful eyos promised faithfully to do ; of incidents'in hiB own wild careor in Melbourne, and which he notv so bitterly deplored ; of George and her unclo) with speculations as to what must shortly happen to them both; on all these and other kindred topics did they con verse, her hoart thrilling with womanly sympathy all the time ; whilo at intervals old Nichol, feeling secretly assured that something distressful was going on, or, at least, impending, scraped away upon the battered violin, endeavoring by the introduction of all the Bprightliest airs ho could think of to drive out his oppressive sensations. The morning came all too soon for Dick, for the bright face and Bweot smile of the Iittlo maid hod rendered -his pain not half so poignant as it' would othorwiso liave been. It gavo him an extra pang to think that thoy would so shortly bo separated — that in all pro bability ho would soe her no moro. But ho fait that it was right sho should go reflecting, ns.Iio.did, upon what grief thoy must be suffer ing where bIio was going, and how her presence weuld dispol tho cloud of misory which doubt lessly enfolded them. It is all ovor now. Ruth has gone. But, ns ho lies thoro thinking, ho sends his blossing after her anow. iiho had been so tondor to him dur ing thoso fow hours thoy had boon together that it had seomed doubly hard for him to lot her go at last, Sho had kisBed him, too, as sho bade bim good byo, and in fancy sho could yot feol tho touch of her lips upon his ciiook, "God bless hor," ho murmured tremulously, "aud, yet again, God bloss her, and makoher ; vory happy all her days." As the day woro farther on bis suffer ings .. becamo moro intonse, and an idea which ho .had had many times before, moro fixedly now took hold upon his mind that ho must go to tho hospital. Ho would fain havo avoidod doing this, for he hod a strong antipathy against it. Tbo rows on rows of beds which bo bad once or twice seen, when— a long time ago now— out of curiosity he had gone through tbo wards, had, ho recollected, conveyed to him only ono idea, and that idea a by no moans ploasant ono. He recollected that upon tho occasion of those visits he Imd in fancy become a patient in ono of those dreadful beds, and ho'recoUccted now quite clearly what a feeling of aversion wont - band in hand with that idea. Ho had pic tured how his sufferings would be bared to strangors' ( curiouB eyes, and associated all thoso painfully prijrjj couches with doath and all its attendant torrorB. It waB hard enough ( perhaps to die in. seclusion, but — he thought at the time— it must bo infinitely i hnrder to die within the walls of a hospital. i Nevertheless, to this pass ho Was now como, 1 and so, in tho evening, he was lifted into a cab and borne to tjie institution u Lonsdale street. He hod resolved upon going there, not because be even so much as dreamt of de riving, any benefit from the act— ihe was be yond that— but because ho knew ho would Bavo the Nichols tho worry and exponse of | his burial. It was not without demur that ho waB ultimately admitted as a patient, be cause, to tho practised eyes oi the physician \rho attended him, it was evident that his hours were numbered, and also because the man of science considered that by the admit tance of a case such as this the institution was boing imposed upon. And now Dick is plaood in bod. The lights in the ward are— as is customary- lowered, for the hour is somewhat Iato, But tho bed on which ho lies is situated noar a window fronting great Lonsdale street, and as his thoughts and physical pain combine to render him wakeful, he raises himself so that ho may gaze 'out upon the lighted thorough fares. Is is Sunday night, and there are few - people astir, but he finds an interest in thus gazing upon the outer world, and in directing his glances towards sundry portions of tho city in which be bad spent so many changeful - hours, and with which so many meuiorios — hlytho and bitter intermiugled— connocted him. And so tho hourspass jv'earily, and so tbo dnwn finds him — gazing— thinking. Ciiaptkb XLVII. — " Bob, Do.v'r rou Know Me?" Mrs Nichol would fain have persuaded . Ruth to stay ono day later ore she returned to ' Hatherlow, bocauso the. girl would then have had the opportunity of going up by the coaoh,: whereas now thoy were undor the necessity of employing the services of a johu, who, for the buggy in which ' they rode, would doubtless . charge exorbitantly when the journey was terminated. It was noon boforo thoy had set out from town, And from tho style of the wretched' quadruped which toiled along with them, it was quite safo to infer that they would not arrive at the farm until long after nightfall. Still Ruth did not complain ; so long as she felt she was going in tho direction of home,ehe was quito content. ! When night was actually nigh at band, MrB Nichol's - mind began to bo a. good deal exercised as to the manner in which Ruth should show herself to her parents. It would never do— the good lady mentally argued— for . the girl to stop abruptly into tbo bouse, just as if Bhe had raorely boon away for a pleasure jaunt. If such a mode of procedure wero adopted, tho chantes were that the old couple would receive a most sovero nervous shock, and Mrs Nichol was anxious that they should receivo nothing of tho kind. Sho therefore broached the subject to Ruth, and dilated upon the anguish which the people at the farm wore doubtless suffering. Gould not Rnth think of somo mothod by which the startling fact of her appearance might bo toned down so as to lessen somewhat the likelihood of an ill effect among those who were mourn ing her as dead? It. was a long time before they oould coma to any decision upon this point, but eventually Ruth mado a proposal with which her com panion fully coincidod. ' Ruth would call in at farmer Edgar's, and, after gleaning what information she could about her parents, ask Mr Edgar to odviso hor in the matter which now perplexed her. .So, in duo time, thoy nrrivod at tho Edgars' homestead. It was quito dark now, but Ruth knew the placo woll, and directed the driver how to proceed. There was a light burning in alowor window— where tho family usually as sembled when tho day's work was done — and in a few moments tho travellers alighted near it, One of the farmer's dogs— presumably connecting the advent of theso new comers mith floating visions of burglary and what no ' — immediately considered it to bo his duty to give out to his owner as loud a warning a; possible, and accordingly sot up quito if eerie of deafening barks — so loud and'so protracted indeed, that tho sturdy .farmer felt himsol therewith so far annoyed that ho forthwith ' nroso from tho tahlo— at which, for the moral ' instruction and welfare of his family he was' readibg aloud ono of Mr Spurgoon's sermons- ; and, with a hazy notion of somehow 'silencing - the noisy brqto, opened the door. ' "Dang your bul'tonsl" he cried, standing " upon the doorstep, nnd shaking his clenched lian in the direction of the kennel— " you'd ' hotter just stop that hullaballoo, you had. afore you get somotbing to make it for in airiiost. Lie down, you varmint, lie down— wiliee 1"' It is, of course, unnecessary to comment ' upon the farmer's mentioning buttons in con- ! neotion with the animal. Wo will only go so far as to state that the- sontonoo in which tho ' word was placed was ono wliieh Mr Edgar ' was wont use whenever any event more than usually annoying . occurred— or, to "riso his dander," as ho termed it. The oxpletivo was very harmless, and served his turn equally as woll as would ono couchod in more vigorous termB, The dog, bowevor, would not be still, but continued to tug at his chain in quito a fero cious manner— an action , which so thoroughly upsotthe mnstor's oqnnnimity that he stopped outto put into practico Buch coercive nioasure aB he judged would effectually silence .what ho considered the hruto's " hullaballooing non- senso." It was at this juncture "he became aware of . the proximity of the two travellers, who wore standing at a few paces distance, whilo at tho same timo a voice — the sound of which puzzled him strangely— called bim By name. . "Comein— como into the house," he stam mered. " I can't just rightly call to mind who it is that's speaking. Come in— bore to tho light." Then, as Ruth moved forward as he re quested, and hor face — the face of one which ho wos sure had boon buried that day— looked up into his own, ho suddenly staggored hack in tho doorway, at tho same time putting out bis hands, as though ho would ward off- her further approach. - "Nay, Mr Edgar," the girl continued, gontly— " do not be afraid. It is only Ruth, Iittlo Ruth, who used sometimes to coins here, ' you know. See, I am, indeed, she." . Tho excitement which her ontry caused in tho farmer's houso was intense, and, whon it had abated somewhat, ahe had to toll them over and over again tho story of hor strange andastounding adventures. Then, when they wore at length fully satisfied, she bogged Mr Edgar to advise her as to how. she should further proceed. t , , About ah hour later, Ruth— now com pletely disguised in a long cloak which she imd , borrowed for tho occasion from the; farmer's daughter, Janet— was again .upon, her way homeward. , ' ' Soon after George, had left the window, , through which ho'had seen the old couplo with Helen, tbo'Jndge had rapped upon the wall of his chamber,,, and Doc replying tboreto, old Sam had oppressed an earnest wish to hs carried downstairs. He was weary of the bed, he said, and he would enjoy a change so much. Lethim be token downstairs; they nood not trouble about carrying him back again ; ho felt quite positivo about bis being able to get up and " do for himself " in another day, or two. I Acooidingly, tho Judge was brought down to tho room where tho other people were, and made eomfortablo upon a sofa which stood in . a snug corner of the appartmcnt. Sam told no untruth when ho said he felt eure about his boing able shortly to et up and do forhimBelf, albeit, strictly speaking, these words were only part of a ruso whioh ho employed for the purpose of facilitating his removal as he had requested. His actual motive consisted of a hope that he might somehow be able to do something to lessen the grief which he knew was torturing these dear friends of his. . He had not beon down and cozily settled for a space excoeding five minutes before ho made inquiries about Mrs Dorkin. "Ho would like to see that air woman," ho said"she hod been running in liis mind ohcommon, lately, and he didn't, know but what tho sight of her might not du a good deal t'rde sottin' him on his pins agin." So Mrs Dorkin was sqnt for, and -much to bor credit be it said- — steadily refrained from indulging in any of her old practices in the way of complainings. Sho oould plainly soe that for her to do so would only tend to aug ment the sorrow that was already hanging so heavily over the house. Old Sam- noticed this new point in her, and although ho was yet secretly afraid of her, . laid himself out to so improve the opportunity that, between them, iie did not doubt they would somehow contrive to pre vent the others from suffering so acutely as they otherwiBa wouid have done. For some time Sam contented himself with letting fall such disconnected remarks as seomed to him most appropriate or most likely to tend towards the result|he wished for . while Mrs Dorkin, seated demurely beside hiin listened sedately, now aud then putting in a. few words just to keop the talk going, for by this timo she fully recognised and secretly ap plauded what was passing in ihe mind of hor companion. Doc had remained in the room with them, . and, during the interval occupied by their con versation, sat at the table, pretending to bj closely absorbed ra the contents of .a. book which lay ' open before him — certainly pro tending only, for the book had nothing in it which could commond itsolf to Bob's interest. Even whilo he soemed most intent upon it tho words ran one into another, and swiftly 'faded away in the gathering mist which filled his aching eyes. Suddenly a knock come to the door, and, like it bad done that time when the knock came to tho door of their hut on that memor able night at Prodigal Flat, Bob's heart loapt up at the sound, while the other occupants of the room anxiously looked from onn to another It seemed so strange that a knock should come at that hour. Old Simon removed his gaze from tho fire ; Mrs Clare took hor apron from ber head, and ceased her sorrowful rock ing to and fro ; tho Judge broke off abruptly in tho middle of a sentence ; and Helen, still starding by the mother's chair, looked around with startled eyos. Then the knock sounded again, and Bob went to open tbo door. How nervous they wore 1 Why, it was only a poor old woman who was travelling with hor niece, and who had been belated and cauib to beg for a night's shelter. Helen sto pod over Mrs Olnro and whis pered : "jviotnor, may ruey noc ecay wicn us iui sno morrow? Perhaps thoy have camo . a long way and are very tired. They 'will not jnco'n- venience ua at all, and the girl can sloep . with - mo." , ' . "Yes;" answored Mrs Glare wearily, "lot . them como in. They are quite welcbmo to stay." , i So Ruth and Mrs Nichol ontored the . room ,'tlie girl sinking into a seat which' chanced to .. lie near the door, and somewhat removed from tho glare of tho light, wliilo her companion ,, seated herself noar Mrs Glare. . "Wo have come a long way," said Mrs ; 'NichOl, — -"from Melbourne, with the inton- tion'of rejoining' some friends. ' I hope our ''pjrcsottco hero will not disturb you." ! ,;- : "N<ii you will not disturb us," responded MrsOIaro; 'During the dolivnry of tho foregoing Ruth - haBbecn furtyoly glancing at the various per sons around lier — at Bob most of all ; and bor heart .throbs with a great yearning as in his face, she notices the havoc griof has wrought, j j 'Then the team which spring up into hor oyes prevent her from seeing anything further. Her I disguise lias been quite sufficient to save her from recognition, but she has hard work to keep ber tears from falling, and so betraying her identity. It is at this point that Helen Comes to her across tho room, and rays :— "Will you not toko off your things ? The - room is rather oppressive, and Mrs Clare sAys that you and your Aunt are weloome to stay with us tfil to-morrow. Come Hub way, and I ! will show you'whero you will sleep," And, so saying, Helen and Ruth moved out of tho apartment. "I observe that you have had troiiblo. of some kind," remarks Mrs Niohol to .the mis tress of the house. : ; "Trouble 1" echoes Mrs Clare, — "aye, ju- deed,— sore, sore trouble. I shall never know another moment's peace all tile days of my life." v "You havo lost a dear child, have you not ?" continues MrB .Nichol; "I heard some people speaking about it. It is indeed a. great loss. I myself have lost four children— all ' I ovor had, and my husband is blind. We all havo trouble to bear. But you need not fret yourself so grievously. You havo a son,' I have heard, and tbo young woman who was here just now,— she seems kind and good- she will help to render your pain less severe." "No, no 1. There is no one who can bo what my own girl was tome." ' ' And now Helon; white as death, re- enters the room. Doc notices the pallor of her, tea" tures, as also does Mrs Clare ; but, out of them all, only old Simon seems endowed with speech, and it is ho who solicitously .inquires of her as to what has (tightened hor. . "I donot feel very well," Helen replies. At the snmo timo sho seems almost ready to. faint, apd Bob, noticing this, immediately goes to her assistance, and places his arms round her. ., "Xhankyou, Bob," sho says, slowly, recover- jnff. herself with an effort,, and then, ob, if weighing her words woll, adding i— "I I suppose they would.liavo caught that man by . this time. Go wns, indeed,, wicked, but we must not be too hard or harsh in our judgment , of him. He— may not havo dono us so great a wrong, ns we have .' thought.. I— indeed I scarcely think lie could have been 30 heartless as to— to'hurt our Ruth.' | Helen's voice begins to falter now, „ but she painfully contrives to stammer through the nextfew words. | "No, no, ha could not injure her— our Ruth. , She is not dead 1 she is alive, and well ? She is here 1" ' ' ' The door fromwhioh Helon has just emerged I re-opens slowly, and Ruth, leaning heavily against its framework, stands before tb'om. The mother's moaning suddenly stops, and .Bob glares towards what he thinks a spoctro. with | wide, terror-stricken oyos. Old Simon grips . his chair nervously, and th Judge, fully as- | ured that he iB looking upon a ghost, rises into a sitting posture, while Mrs Dorkin lifts j herself to her feet, hot knowing what she does, j "Won't you speak to 'me, mother ?" asks ; Ruth, brokenly. 1 ' | "Bob, don't you know mo?" she next pleads, j And in a moment she is claspel to his heart; So struck with surprise and terror is Mrs Dorkin that sho falls instantly, a doad iveighht upon tho Judge, thereby knocking him back upon his couch, and, with her pressure, crush ing him down so mercilossly that ho has to yell out for her to be removed. , . .' I ClUPTEn XLVIII. — Feio De Sb. 1 It is latenext morning, and Davy— vory much flushed from tho energy which be is obtiged ;to use in the guidance of a mob of unruly cattlo is, wo are sorry to say, indulging in quite a.dis- | tressing multitudo of . deplorable adjectives thereat. Though he is by no means a bad horseman, though be bos kept his stock-wbip going briskly, and though Ills dog, Pinoher, has ran and barked himself into a state of ex- haustion arid hoarseness, the turbulent boasts havo vcxatiously persisted in going thoir own ways, irrespective of his utmost efforts. . What - makes it worse— fust as he has brought tho mob near the paddock, too, tho dog itself has mysteriously disappeared, and the headstrong cattle are giving unmistakable tokons of mak ing a clean, holt of it. . . 'Ho! ho! Pincher! At" 'em, boy, an' heel 'em 1" yells the irritated stockman. But ho Pincher is to bo scon; and with another long string of indignant invoetives Davy rides rapidly from point to point, slashing one animal here and another there until at last by his active exertions tho whole number 1 are safely enclosed within the paddock. 1 And now to its master's ears comes a hoarse, protracted howl from tho missing dog— a howl such as in the still hours of night we some times hear rise and float through the startled air, beginning in a low and plaintive koy, - and gradually merging into a loud and distressful wnil— a piteous outcry, so wild and prolonged and harrowing to one's hearing that, to use an oldsnying, one's flesh >cems actually to creep. ' It is, however, with no imaginative feeling of this sort actuating him that Davy seeks out the brute which has so strangely deserted him — an nct, he recollects, without precedent dur ing all the years Pincher and ho had been I together; It is obvious that the dog must be ' taught to show a proper respect to its master —not be liable to run off when its services are so urgently required, as in the case just past— and it is now Davy's wrathful intention to let the animal Understand this much. : There is little difficulty in finding tho source of this disquiet, for the bowling still continues, . and. Davy, vaulting over the orchard fonce, goes in ' tho direction' ' from whence the sound is coming. ' ' The wrath of the dog's master quickly eva porates, however, as a few moments later'ho finds himBelf at the cud of the plantation. For, with his nose elevated'in tho air, and howlifag appallingly, Pincher is orouching beside George's dead body. . 1 Davy does not allow tho grass to' grow undor bis feet ere he sets out to inform Poc'of the dog's discovery, nor are ma- y urinates allowed to'elapse ere Davy is off for the astute Con stable E— . ' " ' ' ' ' ' Constable E — , overflowing with such sign of self-importance as be considers it proper to use in such a case, duly makes his appearance, and forthwith is made acquainted with the position of affaire. Surely with so much work of,thi8 sanguinary sort occurring so frequently in his immediate neighborhood, tho increase of mental and physical labor consoquent upon the duty he has to perform must commend him to the notice of tho authorities in tho metropo lis, nnd lead to his attaining the object lie has in view, especially considering, too, what a - vast amount of stealthy acutoness he intends to employ upon the matter. Tho indefatigablo oDScor, therefore, with tremendous tact and bewildering questioning, dives forthwith into tho hoart of tho business, : finally concluding— with a pardonable display of pomposity— by taking formal possession of tho little bluo phial and tho poncillod notoy and tlion authorising tho removal of the body to tho Wallaby Ilotol in the adjoining town ship. 1 (To bo continued.) I A well -fed hog rosoupin his sty and dropped a regretful teur ; "The beautiful snow has come," he said, "And slaying will' soon be hero." ' ' A fine young gentleman, turning Bwiftly on his heel, ran bis head against a young lady. He put himself in a . position to -apologise. , " Not a word," raid the quick-witted beauty, . " it is'nt hard'enough to hurt anybody.!' '-The coxcomb frowned, and the young lady smiled and curtsied as gracefully as an angel. 