THE THREE GHOSTS OF BALLARAT, TO TEE EDITOR OF THE COURIER. Sra,—In your issue of the 2Sth ultimo I read of a correspondent writing from St. Petersburg about the ghost of the late Em peror of Russia appearing regularly every cvening, at the hour of eleven o'clock, in the Cathedral of Karan. A priest saw him first, and obtained the assistance of the archbishop, who put the following question to the Czar: —" What ib your will ?" The apparition replied—"lam praying for Russia." Sir, I hope it will not be out of place by my relating the particulars of three ghosts seen by a gentleman in Ballarat on one very dark night, when the clouds were lying very low —nearly upon tlie house tops—the "wind blowing very bard, and rain falling in torrents, accompanied witb vivid flashes..of lightning and heavy peals of thunder. The gentleman had provided himself with lantern, to throw alight upon his path home. He had not descended more than half w&y; tlown the gaol hill, when be heard a great wrestling on the footpath before him, and, by raising his lantern, he saw the figures of three men coming towards him, and he thought he" had some knowledge of them. One had a most peculiar gait The gentleman halted with his back leaning against the gaol fence. The first figure came up to him and made a stop. Here the gentleman discovered the fignre was not of the material world, and very boldly enquired of the ghost —"What is it yon require?" Tbe ghost answered—"I want practice." By this time the second ghost stood by the side of the first. The gentleman said to him—"What disturbs youf' The ghost answered and said —" I want to send a petition to theQueen." Now there was no perceptible difference in the countenances of the two ghosts. They very much resembled the Corsiean brothers. Here the/third ghost came np. He.was of very email stature, and wore a white' wideawa)c£ and slouched bat. His'eyebrows were knitted together, and he had a most miserable countenance, -with tears rolling down bis cheeks. The gentleman said to this ghost, VWbat is it you want?" The ghost answered, "I want my percentage," The gentleman said, "You must all .follow me," and be took them to a certain place, and they all entered throngh the outer gate on a path leading to a large building. The gentleman knocked at the door, which was immediately opened, and in front sat a holy father with two Yule -candles burning.. He hadacrpssin onohand,and a bookinthe othur. The gentleman introduced the three ghosts to him, and asked what bad brought them before bim. The holy father rose from bis seat, and in very strong language rebuked the two firat ghosts, and-dismissed ihem with a oaation, and began to address the third ghost, saying unjto -bim, *'Yon ate a noted gnUter—yoa shaSl be fexcDzmnnnic fnstantiy.tbe three ^Mte yaiaahed. The' gentleman was about leavtBg, when the holy father said to bim, "Iifeten: I^ai oOl a great meeting of boly fathers, andouisea rnostdiligent.seanji tobe nwdc tolay all the than buried mobUTum." Then tiiegentlcuran wished tiie boly father g^»ijAt,.mid, *9 ^ j M M ^ M ^ M a m s S m sueto.—Yeon^ \- -'•' f V i We suppose.ifeere ra.aciimppmtln'^biB 1 lett " - The latest «*th<£a rialog £he ladies when reproving their a£n ' " riends^" Yon flaOautoe i W *^'-MaQriaEnSj er; but wejobafeos -.wedon't a$e where it En. S C.] - - .'. ' 