gjgf'M'Sui «um Jig* ^§2*c*uii» THEATRE ROYAL. There was a bumper house at the Theatre Royal on Saturday evening, when Mr. T. Hudson, the popular comedian, took his fare well benefit. The programme provided for the occasion was a choice one, and embraced ? several oiMr. Hudson's best characters. He acted with even greater success than usual ; and as Pete in the comic sketch entitled ' He carries a razor sent tne audience into roars of laughter. Mr. Warner sang the amusing song, 'Are you there, Moriarity ?' and was twice recalled by the audience. Miss B. Burton gave very sweetly, ' We'd, better bide a wee,' for which she - received an encore. An amusing sketch, ' You don't say so,' was capitally carried out by Messrs. Kennedy and Bromley. Miss Vena DeGay played a violin solo in her usual skilful style, and was waunily applauded and encored. Some amusement was caused when the lady made her reap pearance by a gentleman in the gallery loudly calling out ' give us 'oine sweet !ome.:J Miss DeGay did not, however, respond to this call, but played -another selection with variations. The Walker Family of bell ringers again made their appearance, and played the dream song from the Bohemian Girl, and 'Only an Armor Bearer' with capital effect. A solo by Master J. Walker ' The Blue Bells of Scotland,' was also much appreciated. The. entertainment was of a thoroughly enjoyable character, but was made rather too long, in consequence of the large number of encores insisted upon. The most ambitious effort x-f a troupe of juvenile artists, and undoubtedly the most meritorious that has been presented on the local stage, -was the performance on Monday evening of Planquett's tuneful opera ' Les Cloches de Corneville,' by Pollard's Lillipu tian Opera Company. We are confident that all who were present — and the house was well filled in all parts— were not only pleased but surprised that an opera demanding from the performers so many qualities of excellence should be so well played through out. Usually when children assume the characters that adults find a difficulty in maintaining with credit, the audience must be content to regard the entertainment as a novelty, and. be satisfied with a me diocre display of unripe ability. The au dience on Monday, however, experienced a pleasant surprise in the exceptional completeness with which the piece was pre sented, the clever and realistic moaner in which the leading parts were sustained, and the excellent orchestral and scenic effects. Oar readers -will remember that in the argument of the opera the Comte de Liucenay, attainted for political reasons, flies from France, leaving his infant daughter Lucienne and considerable personal property in the care of a retainer, Gaspard, This wily Norman, foreseeing that the Comte may never return to claim his own, brings up the child a's his niece, under the name of Germaine, and . gratifies his in satiable greed for money by hoarding the Comte's treasure. He has chosen for his coffers the decaying rooms of the oldCliateau of Corneville, long since deserted by its lord, attainted of treason like De Lueenay, and an exile from France, but the grandson of this Marquis de Corneville is alive. Meanwhile the castle has an evil notoriety. It is haunted; mailed spectres stride along its corridors, and ghostly phantoms flit across its lighted windows at night. These are devices of the cunning Gaspard to frighten away fell intending tenants of the old Chateau. At the opening of the opera a knot of girls are on their way to the liiring fair. Amongst these is. Scvpolctte, a vra.8 picked up Tjy Gaspard on a bank of wild thyme in one of his fields, and grown now into his servant of all work. ? She has thrown up his protection, however, and seeks a better place. Germaine eventually joins the band, also flying from Gaspard's house— but from a' very different motive. The_ old miser has promised her hand to the village Bailie, a pompous, meddling old fellow, lately come to his kingdom, with a strong- desire to open the Chateau and audit the Barony accounts. Germaine has bethrothed herself to a ne'er do-weel of the locality, a young fisherman named Grenieheux, who, as she supposes; saved her from drowning. But in fact her deliverer was really the_ long lost heir — the young Henri de Comeville, now captain of an armed ship, with a roving commission, who a year before had put ashore at Honfleur to re-visit the house of his fathers. At the opening of the drama he again returns— and this time he resolves to take possession o£ bis ancestral castle. The hiring fair, where he engages servant's— amongst others Germaine, Serpolette, and Grenicheux (now turned coachman), concludes the first part of the story. The scene changes to the haunted halls of the Chateau. The young lord, with his officers and crew, torch and sword in hand, break into the deserted rooms— and lay their plans to surprise the adventurers, whom they suppose to be reaHy the ghosts of the village tradition. Two discoveries Tjearing directly on the fortunes of the two heroines, are here made by the marquis. Firstly, he finds that the girl he rescued from the sea is the Germaine who has captivated him, but who believes her self bound in honor to __ Grenicheux. Secondly, he discovers certain documents {left by old Gaspard) referring to the-ttight of Comte de Lucenay and placing of his infant daughter with the miser. The vivacious Serpolette immediately rushes to the conclu sion that she is the noble child in question, and thenceforth gives herself all the imaginary airs of her rank, but the development of the plot shows that Germaine is the real daughter of the Comte, and she of course is united to the marquis. The part of Henri Marquis de Corneville was assumed by Miss Maud Polhvrd, who is the tallest and most matured of the young ladies, and who comported herself with appropriate dignity as the scion of a noble house, but whose voice is somewhat hard and uncertain. Master C. Osnutnd as Jean Grenicheux miglit easily have been mistaken for a girl by the lightness and flexibility of his- vocal organ, but his speaking voice and his actions deter mined his sex, and he gained a fair share of the plaudits Ijestowed during the evening. Master B. Osmond as the- Baillie exhibited sucbajdeeided turn for low comedy that he caused a considerable amount of merriment, and with Master J.- Sheehan as Gobo, his clerk, kept the house in a simmer' of laughter^ both youngsters being admirably made 5ap^-and throwing a great deal of drollery into their parts. Gaspard, theold miser, wasadmirably represented by Master H. Salinger, who was specially effective in the scene where, surprised in the haunted castle gloating over his ill . gotten gains, he loses his reason ; .and again in the last act where the familiar voice cf Germaine brings back his memory and enables him to make restitution to his ward, and unmask the villany of the Baillie. Germaine found a fitting representative in Miss Lena Salinger, who both sang and acted with great taste and appropriate naivete. As Serpolette, the foundling, Miss May Pollard evinced a coquetry and smartness quite in keeping with the role, and sang the numbers al lotted to her in a style that evoked the approbation of all present The other characters were also well sustained, and the choruses were rendered with a spirit that was surprising when the fact is remem bered that many of the young singers were facing an audience for perhaps the nrst time.. The maypole dance and the cider ballet were both very pleasing features of the entertain ment, and told how well the youngsters had .been trained. The orchestral music was very good, the dresses picturesque, and the stage accessories complete. Several well-earned encores were gained during the evening, and the principals were called ? before the curtain at the close of each* act. . ' . -i ? . .' The Walker Family of BcUringers gave one of their most enjoyable entertainments at the Port Adelaide Town Hall on Monday evening to a fair house. The sweet melody which the performers evoked from the bells and the artistic manipulations exhibited compelled the admiration of all present,, and the applause was both frequent and hearty. Mr. Maccabe was favored' with another crowded house on Monday evening, when in addition to most of his very clever impersona tions he introduced a new feature into the programme entitled, 'An original, moral, melancholy,- mellow drama,' with the some what startling title of 'Vanquished Villany, or Virtue Victorious.' This amusing sketch, a parody on the modern style of drama so popular at the present day, contains no fewer than six characters, all of which are imper sonated by Mr. Maccabe himself. The synopsis of the plot may be briefly described as follows:— Sir Ebland, a ruthless ruffian, has just returned to his ancestral abode, and is depicted in a state of medi tation 'on dark deeds of treacherous treachery.' He registers a fearful -vow to compass the doom of a certain virtuous village maiden who is in love with one Rudolph, a rustic swain, but for whom the baron has also conceived a passion. Rudolph and his lady-love meet by ?midnight, and the baron having ascertained the place of assignation brings two midnight assassinators, who seize the helpless maiden and convey her lover to the deepest dungeon in Sir Roland's castle.' After the orthodox lapse of time the usual result follows, viz., the escape of the two prisoners and the confusion of the wicked baron, who is himself made a prisoner, while the happy swain, who turns out to be heir to the baron's estates, marries the maid, and all ends in apple-pie form. Mr* Maccabe's ren dition of . the sextuple character of Sir . Boland, the maid, the maiden's father, the swain, and the too minions was of courst exceedingly funny, and kept the audience in roars of laughter throughout. His changes of dress from baron to. village maid or lover were effected with lightning rapidity, while in one part of the sketch he appeared simul taneously as the villain and the maiden, one half of bis person being devoted to the baronial costume, while theother was covered by the rustic adornments of the village lass. The audience were most enthusiastic in their applause throughout, and certainly this latest introduction has added fresh laurels to those Mr. Maccabe has already earned. Among the songs, the performer gave 'I'm not myself at all,'which was rendered with capital effect, and met with warm approval, particu larly from the Hibernian portion of the salience. 