THE LOUNGER. Roligious people, wliilo abhorring tho theatre and shunning tho poor playor as a kind of moral leper, do not hesitate, ofttiuicH, to adopt tho means and mothods by which theatre pcoplo induco tbo attention of tho public to thoir ontoitaimneuts. Thoy are alive, for iu- Htnnco, to tho vatue of advertising ; aud are as rcudv to parade tlio attraction of tiirir shows on the hoardings of tho city, a# any shrewd thoatric&l; manager might be to publish 111H. And. of course, they are quito right. It-may bel thatliyper-scnsitivo pcoplo liko myself, are not favorably impressed by hugo bills aunotin sing the coming of tho Rov. Cook, and stuck Ride by side with tho Opera Ifouso or Theatre Royal posters. But mtch people are in tho minority. This iB tlio dny of small things ; and there Ik no reason why tho Rev. Cook, orator and philosopher in the causo of Christian truth, should not ho aided and abottod in his work by means of tlio bill poster, Indeed, whon I come to think of it. I rejoice that the Rov. Cook's friends are taking up his visit iu a business liko spirit. A frightful sitmor my self, I protest that I havo a wonderful lovonud rcveronco for religion. I moan tho genuino article, mark you, nnd not tho adulterated iin- (Ktsition, which, alas I is so constantly sorvod up to us. Woll, this being so, I hail tho Rov. Cook's arrival with immense satisfaction. I liko to sco this man, with a strong grip of his subject, earnest and honest, do battla with tho scoffer and tbo professed unbeliever. Z like this, bocauso, while I admit tho right of free thought and freo speech, I fail to aeo what earthly good theso principles confer upon socioty when they are directed towards the injury of tho graudesb ethical systom tho world lias known— a system which hns beon tested for more than oichteon hundred years, which has survived nil attacks, aud which still remains the ono solitary nnd magnificont testimony to tho Infinite. Failing thon to behold tho uses of infidelity, and recognising tho practical value of faith in this world— whatovor it may havo in tho noxt — I would havo such mon qb tlio Rev. Cook sup ported and applauded, Tho matter Is in a nutshell. Socioty, if materialist, must go to tlio devil, relatively boro, ab woll as, I suppose, directly horcaftor. Socioty Christian, and following Christian teaching, must rise, ex pand, grow strong and healthful. Therefore all but fools, or thoy who proy upon their fellows, will cast their lot with Christianity. This boing so, let us hope that tho Rov. Cook's poBtora will continuo to draw bumping houses when ho appears boforo us to lecture and convert. Rabbits havo thoir usc3, however much reason wo may havo to curse tlio day thoy wero acclimatised. Thoy supply us with cheap food— -n consideration in those days of dear living. Thoy produco valuable furs, in procuring which a good living is oarnod by a considerable number of trannors. But it appear# that thoy are still further worthy of consideration, They aiford rare ontertaia mcnt to certain people resident at'Joricho, in Tasmania. (Those noble sportsmen find recreation in shooting rabbits released from a trap. But, as tho bunmeB aro too sharp ou their legs for theso distinguished shuts, a notablo dovico is rcscrtod to by which tho sportsmen are enabled to secure tboir gatno. Before tbo t«l)bit is placed in tho trap, the in genious ftcutlAmcn amputate a log ! Of course tho animal cannot mnL'? mU911 pwdway on 1 thrcolegs ; and so tho nportsmen aro di'iao.ud to knock it over comfortably. There may, of courso, bo some' porsons, who would deuounco this action on the part of the Jericho gentlo men as grossly brutal and savage ; but thon they are sot pos sessed of tho sporting instinct. Somo Tieople havogravo doubts whether rabbits havo any feelings. If they have, tboy are of courso mado to uc tortured for the pleasure of that nobler animal, man. Tib the design of I'.w.iuw wujuuu UII ui.ig wo iiru CUHUU Upon to consider 111 this special case of mutilating rabbits is tho ingenious character of tho do vico, The Jericho gentlemen may go further IP tbO( direction of sport, and deprive pigoons of w'Cir \vings boforo they placo them in tho trap, or hUlttring a deer ero thoy set hira free for hunting. aso iB everything uowa- . days, and we must ckuowlodgo tliat to thoso who lovo shooting, but also desire its indul gence at the least posBiblo 'reubla and brttiiei', this notable method of cutting oil a rabbit's leg ere you shoot at it commend# itself. There is ono drawback, however. A sentimental Legislature has passod a law to provido for tho punishmmit of those who indulge in wanton cruelty. It would not bo surprising if this >c.Htilent enactment interfered with tbo Jcriclio sportsmen's legitimate re creation, and ovon went so far as to punish them 011 tho score of brutality. A«a parson who Jiolds, of all the petty troubles in this life, tho mercenary principlo of houBO rent in horror and detestation, I own that my breath was taken away whon I read that Mr W. J. Clarke is paying fifty-fivo "guineas "per week for a houso in a fashion- ablo square in London. Fifty-five guineas per week, my doar Hardup.— not a ponny loss. Now think of that I Isn't it enough to break a fellow's heart with envy. What must be the glorious sensation of a man who can afford to pay half a century (as sports .say) for a wools's houso accommodation ! I know agood fellow im« luiuuyu 11 neat estate ot L20,000peranmmi, Ho came out to New South.Wales, and obtained employment on a station. Boing a smart person, ho mado monoy. But it was his habit ovory two years to come to town with a few hundred#, for tho sololpurposo of living at the rate of L20,000 a yoar. He wanted to feci that bis past was not a dream, ot| illusion. And so, fur a few days, ho lived again a twonty-thousand-a-year-man. Peoplo called bim a fool, and porhaps ho was. But I can understand tho attraction of his folly ; and I ropent that the idea of boing able to pay fifty-five guineas por week for a house makes mwteoutb water, Aftor all, there is littlo 'w4Wer that men devote themselves, body and soul, to the acquisition of money. "Sharper than a serpent's tooth it is to havo a thankless child," says poor old Lear. But circumstances occasionally aviso by which. filial gratitude is sorely taxed. For instanco wo will tako tho caso heard before the Praliran bench yesterday. A man named John Knott was charged with brutally ill-treating bis son, the facts being as follows:— Tho parent or dered his son to arisel and prepare his break- last. This tho son proceodod to do. Then tho parent adjourned to a public bouse for early refreshment, of which ha partook to oxccss. Returning to his house in a morose humor, he found his offspring molting soma fat, prepare- tory to frying chops by tbo approved and popular method adopted by tlio avo- rogo citizen. Tho spcctaclo seomed to. irritate Mr Itnott. no rushed nt his soil, and informing him that lie had not a mintito to live, proceeded to pour the boiling fat ovor tbo lad's hood nnd shouldors, scalding him savorely. Tho ovidonco was conclusive, ami tho Dcnch sent tho stern parent to gaol for ono month, nnd also ordered him to find sureties for keeping tho ponco for eix months. .Mr Knott, therefore, will havo loisnro nnd opportunity during biH sojourn iu Her Majesty's freo lodging houso to sulvo tho knotty, problem, which is presented by tho action of the|lnw — to wit, that notwithstand ing nil theories and traditions to the contrary, a mnn may not do ns he likes with his own, And yot wo aro told this is a freo country, in tho faco of the'fnct that a father is pnnished for pouring boiling fat ovor tbo fruit of his loins. Truly, Mr Knott may woll considor himself an injnrcd individual. Tho William Korr montionod by Garryowon n his capital papers upon Enrly Molbourno came hither from Sydnoy. Ho was on tho press thoro— sub-editor, I think, of tho Sydnoy Gazotte, thon owned by Mr Gcoigo Cavanagb. Ho it was who wroto tho first account of iu.her's Ghost" — a puro invention, by tho way—in Tegg'eMogazine, nnd vory well ho did it. But who wan tho original author of this story, winch, absolutely, bad not tho slightest origin in fact? Nobody over saw Fisbor'e Ghost. In tlio reports of tho trial of Worrall, tho murdorer of 3-isher, there is no montion of such an apparition. Fisher's body was found by a black tracker, who discovered "white man s fat" floating npon tho water of a orook near to which the ;niurdqred man had boon biuied. How then did this preposterous story originate ? How do all these wotrd yarns come into circulation ? Very mucb, I fancy, as do tho wonderful revelations of tho spiritualists' ex- Foritqouts, in their nonsensical efforts to lift tho veil that bides tho country beyond, from our vision and our knowledge. No, sir, thoro aro no ghosts eavo that substantial ana genial spectre that walks 0' Saturday. Vitalizo your enfeebled system, and live.—1 Thoro is Ivui 0VCTy b<rtl"> 