?STORYTELLER. I BAFFLED; OR, ItAREHOE DAWN'S FORTUNES, ft ..'story of a City that is Dead, and of. M - a People who Live. ? CHAPTER XXXI. 1^1 beIKFOBCEMBNT fob pedbetto. K Pedretto might havegone down by .the ofcng and filled tbe canteen without dan er forlllkins and his comanionsliad gone 3 the head of the island to meet Felter oH BIy, 'ho had come up and crossed mi, a dozen followers : but she knew the ^ I ricks to which these men might resort, Ind bo prudently resolved to suffer daring mother day rather than take the risk of ifling out. # . ' Immediately after Major Harris had scMwd from the stockade Felter and Bly aoanted their horses, and with twelve nail started at a gallop for the island, jfat even in this moment Felter did not iyeribok the fact lhat.be was dividing i|g forces. He ordered the men left be lind to move down with the camp and- lows, If assured that they could do so I'ithout danger of an attack -from their rarsuers. If they found Haris still in ,h'eir vicinity they were to hold him there luring the day by show of fight. Felter's anger at Pedretto was like the ury of a gosdedbuli. He would not be jitisfied with destroying her— he would Mure her I And he gnashed his teeth is he thought over the vengeance to be ?isited on her. Fast and furiously be rode' so that he ras abreast of the island before daylight idd the instant it was light enongh to irosa he sent Bly in Sdvancejand followed irith his band. There cou'd not have jeen more preparation and feeling had ,hey been called on to delend their lives rot'n a strong force, instead of being bent m the capture or destuction of three help ess women. ' What news ? What Dews 1 ' shouted Felter, as he threw himBelf from bis drip iorse end advanced to meet Elkins. 'They are still here,' replied Elkins. ' And you've got Vm V ' About as good as got 'em' said Elkins. 'They are coopgd up, and we are oh)y raiting for them to come out,' ' To come out ! Why haven't you drag red 'em out 1 We have no time to dilly -r dally. Show me the way !' cried Fel er, striding ahead, as if resolved to push iver every obstacle. ' But,' urged Elkins, ' they are armed ?' Armed ?' ' Yes, every mother's daughter of them. ' I don't keer if they had an arsenal of rins. Show me the way. Afraid of ,rma in the hands of women ! I did hink, Cap, that you had more nerve.' Elkins thought there was a great deal if differenc between courage and.rashness, nd intimated that he had no yearnings o be shot down by a woman — nor a man, or that matter. ' Thar's no danger of Pedretto firin'at ne. She dasn't do it. Come along — ome along.' Felter had no doubt of his ability to aarch right up to the place where the ;irls had sought refuge, and bring them mt {like so many frightened children. Reasoning from the influence ho had ex raised over Pedretto in the past, he was onfident that she would not oppose him .o the extent of doing harm, ' She is jealous,' he thought. ' And f I ken get that notion out of her mind or a -bit, it'l all be well enough,' 'There,' said Elkins, holding back as hey neared the spring, and pointing up 0 the pile of rocks that towered above he valley. ' They're up therej' 'Cuss me if they aint .got a pretty lotion 'of a defence,' laughed Felter. 1 Now let me show you, Cap, how you'd iughter gone about this job.' Felter threw his bridle to one of the nen and began clambering up the rocks rith a speed that in a few minutes would lave taken him to bis destination, had (e been permitted to advance unchal pnged. He stepped out on a rock, and ras about to keep on, wben he heard a ry of warning from his men. i Looking up, he saw the polished barrel f a rifle covering him from between the tones, and in similar positions be recog jized his own nickel-plated pistols. Wing as he was,- the sight chilled his rdor, and led htm to think that he bad nder- estimated the dangers of the j ndertakihg. ' Hfeftoup thar, Pedretto I' h&shouted.; ' ^ »?ar y°'.' came back the answer. ' See tar, Pedretto. Why can't you lop this foolin' ?' asked Felter, with a tanner intended to be pleasant and off anded. She made no reply. ' Come down, come down, Pedretto. 1 aint got anything agin you. Come own with the gals, and I'll forgive your {innin'. off. Come along: I'm in 'a Wry.''*' ^ He accompanied these soothing re |arks with a forward step, but be took -e step back again as he beard the icking of the rifle and the resolute com land : | 'Back ! Another step, arid I fire I' \ '' What ! Pedretto, would 'you shoot e — me, your own husband, that you -ce said' you loved better'n all the orld?' ' Loved you I Have I not told you I eyes are open, and that I shudder hen I think I could ever have allied 3£elf to such a monster. X warn .you [ain to keep back, or I, whom you haye ronged, will avenge the blood of my ther.' 'i ' Your father 1' gasped Felter. .'Yes: do you not hear his death cry H.ie wailing of tbe wind 1' ' Pedretto, yon wrong me. I aint the d fellow you think. I confess I've did «ps of wrong in my time ; but if you Rst me again I'll be true, true as steel,' .said, with something like a whine. V Trust; yon again ? I would rather ist myself alone and unarmed aniorg 8 famished wolves of tbe prairie. Here i remain till help comes.' ' Help 1 ' repeated Felter, again show ing anger. \- 'Yes ; help fro a Clurencs Dawn and Major Harr'iF.' ' They can't help you ; they're both dead — roasted on the perarie. And you'll be dead too, if you don't take my (advice. Now come down.' He rashly took that step again, with hiB side face turned and his hand raised as if to warn her not to fire. Bangl rang out the rifle, and Jack Felter spun round like a top, w'th a bullet through bpth cbeeks. This put an end to his hopes of an easy success, and turning, he sped down the rocks, .the blood streaming from his face and be was caught in the arms of his com panions. 'I warned you,'' said Elkins. In reply, Telter, whose wound was more painful than dangerous, swore at Elkins and .every one about him. Sam Bly, who was familiar with tho rude surgery of the frontier, at once under took to dress the wound. ' She fired to kill,' said Bly, as he went on with his work. ' She's wuss than a panther guardin' ber cubs. A leetle more to the left, and it'd a smashed your jaws to flinters ; a leetle higher, and it'd spiled your interest in this trouble. As it is, I'm afeerd the bullet has played hob with your beauty, and that's a very great pity.' ' Hold your tongue, groaned Felter. ' Aint I in pain enough, without you a talkin' to me in that way 1 I'll kill her Sam ! sure's you sit afore me thar, a tyin' up my face. I'll ki.l her 1' 'If you say kill the hull of 'em, me und the boys'll sail in,' said Bly, putting the finishing touches to his job. 'It do look to me as if it was kill or be kilt.' ' Git them out, dead or alive, git them out,' groaned Felter. With this privilege, Sam Bly called his companions about him and held a whispered consultation, the conclusion of which was that tbey should surround the rocks, and when they had gained a good position, rush in from all sides and com plete their work. This plan so far met the approval of Elkins that he announced himself as ready to participate, and he took occasion to whisper to Bly : ' This is our chance. You know what we want !' ' I do, and we must slrike.while Jack's mad.' ' Exactly so. Now make sure work of it.' 'And win a fortin',' chuckled BJy. ' And make yourself the richest man on the frontier.' Felter had so far recovered from his shock by this time that he took upon him self to direct the movements of his men. He left Bly on the side toward tho spring and went around the rocks, and so lower down the island. He had not gone many yards, wheD be came to a sudden halt, and sent up a cry of agony and fear. ' What's up now, Jack ?' asked one of the men, running to his side. ' There !' exclaimed'Felter, ' dont you see it I with blood dripping from its breast J' 'See what?' ' The ghost of Scrub Creek I' The men looked round, high and low, but declared they could see nothing ; and Felter rubbed his eyes with his trembling hands and groaned : ' It's vanished again I' He was about to sit down, saying be was too weak to go farther, but urging his men on, when one of them came run ning back, shouting : ' Harris I Harris I Harris !' There was no reason to ask where Harris was. A glance Showed him, dash ing towards them. The men discharged their arms wildly, and turning, fled, as if they saw all the gallant major's force behind them. On and up the rocks sped the major, bent on reaching the besieged. They saw him coming, and heard the rifles bang- 1 ing aa he leaped the wall and was in their midst. And they felt his strong arms about them, and his bearded lips on their pallid clieeks. j ? C To he conlinued.) 