Flotsam and Jetsam. Out of the question. COMEDY. (Atlantic Monthly.) V. (Continued from last issue.) ALONG the road that winds near the nook where the encounter with the tramps took place, Leslie comes languidly pacing with her friend Maggie Wallace, who listens, as they walk, with downcast eyes and an air of reverent devotion, to Leslie's talk. Leslie: "But it's all over—it's all over. I shall live it down; but it will make another Eirl of me, Maggie." Her voice trembles ft ttle, and, as they pause a moment, Maggie draws Leslie's head down upon her neck, from which the latter presently lifts it, fiercely. "I don't wish you to pity me, Maggie, for I don't deserve any pity. I'm not Buffering an atom more than I ought. It's all my own fault. Mamma really left me quite free, and if I cared more for what people would say and think and look than I did for him, I'm rightfully punished, and I'm not going to whimper about it. I'vo thought it all out." Maggie: "Oh, Leslie, you always did think things out so clearly!" Leslie: "And I hope that I shall get my reward, and be an example. I hope I shall never marry at all, or elso some horrid old thing I detest; it would serve me right, and I should be glad of it!" . Maggie: "Oh, no, no! Don't talk in that way, Ijcslie. Do come back with me to the house and lie down, or I'm sure you'll be ill. You* look perfectly worn out." Leslie, drooping upon the fallen log where she had sat to sketch the birch forest: " Yes, I'm tired. I think I shall never be rested again. It's the same place"—looking wistfully round —" and yet how strange it seems. You know we used to come here, and sit on this log and talk. What longjong talks! Oh me, it will never bo again! How weird those birches look! Like ghosts. I wish I was one of them. Well, well! It's all over. Don't wait here, Maggie, dear. Go back to the house; I will come soon; you mustn't let me keep you from Miss Robert son. Excuse me to her, and tell her I'll go some other time. I can't, now. Go, Maggie!" Maggie: "Oh, Leslie; I hate to leave you here! After what's happened, it seems such a dreadful place." Leslie: " After what's happened, it's a sacred place—the dearest place in the world to me. Come, Maggie, you mustn't break your appoint ment. It was very good of you to corao with me at all, and now you must go. Say that you left me behind a little way; that I'll be there directly." Maggie: "Leslie!" Leslie: "Maggie!" They embrace tenderly, and Maggie, looking back more than once, goes on her way, while Leslie sits storing absently at the birches. She remains in this dreary reverie till she is startled by a footfall in the road, when she rises in a sudden panic. Blake listlessly advances toward her; at sight of her he halts, and they both stand silently regarding each other. Leslie: " Oh! You said you were going away." Blake: "Are you in such haste to have me gone? I had to wait for the afternoon stage; I couldn't walk. I thought I might keep faith with you by staying away from thehoußO till it was time to start." Leslie, precipitately: "Do you call that keeping faith with me ? Is leaving me all alone keeping—Oh, yes, yes, it is! You have dono right. It's I who can't keep faith with myself. Why did you come here ? You knew I would be here! I didn't think you could be guilty of such duplicity." Blake: "I had no idea of finding you here, but if I had known you were here perhaps I couldn't have kept away. The future doesn't look very bright to me, Miss Bellingham. I had a crazy notion that perhaps I might some how find something of the past here that I could make my own. I wanted to come and stand here, and think once more that it all really happened—that here I saw the pity in your face that made me so glad of my hurt.' Leslie: " No; stop! It wasn't pity! It was nothing good or generous. It was mean regret that I should be under such an obligation to you; it was a selfish and despicable fear that you would have a claim upon my acquaintance which I roust recognise." Blake makes a gesture of protest and disbelief, and seems about to speak, but she hurries on: " You must not go away with one good thought of me. Since we parted, three hours ago, I have learned to know myself as I never did Defore, and now I see what a contemptible thing I am. I flattered myself that I had begged you to go away because I didn't like to cross the wishes of my family, but it wasn't that. It was—oh, listen, and try if you can imagine such vileness: I'm so much afraid of the world I've always lived in, that no matter how good and brave and wise and noble you were, still if any one should laugh or sneer at you because you had been—what you have been—l should be ashamed of you. There! I'm so low and fccblo a creature as that; and that's the real reason why you must go and forget me; and I must not think, and you must not think, it's from any good motive I send you away." Blake: " I don't believe it!" Leslie: "What!" Blake: "I don't believe what you say. Nothing shall rob me of my faith in you. Do you think that I'm not man enough to give up what I've no right to because it's the treasure of the world? Do you think I can't go till you make me believe that what I'd have sold my life for isn't worth a straw ? No! I'll give up my hope, I'll give up my love—poov fool I was to let it live an instant!—but my faith in you is something dearer yet, and 111 keep that till I die. Say what yon will, you arc still first among women to me: the most beautiful, the noblest, the best!" Leslie, gasping, and arresting him in a move ment to turn away: "Wait, wait; don't go! Speak; say it again! Say that you don't believe it; that it isn't true !' Blake: " No, I don't believe it. No, it isn't true. It's abominably false!" Leslie, bursting into tears: " Oh, yes, it is. It's abominable, and it's false. Yes, I will believe in myself again. I knoie that if I had cared for—any one, as—as you cared, as you said you cared for me, I could be as true to them as you would be, through any fate. Oh, thank you, thank you !" At the tearful ioy of the look she turns on him he starts towards hor. "Oh !"—she shrinks away—" you mustn't think that I"— Blake: " I don't think anything that doesn't worship you!" Leslie: "Yea, but what I said Bounds jdrt like the other, when you misunderstood mo bo heartlessly." Blake: "I don't misunderstand you now. You do tell me that you love me, dontyon? How should I dare hope without your leave f Leslie: "You said you wouldn't have taken me as a gift if I had. You said you'd have hated me. You said"— Blake: " I was all wrong in what I thought. I'm ashamed to think of that; but I was right in what I said." Leslie: "Oh, wire you! If you could mis understand me then, now do you know that you're not misunderstanding me now?' Blako: " Perhaps I am. Perhaps I'm dream ing as wildly as I was then. But you shall say. Ami?" Leslie, demurely: "I don't know; I"—stay ing his instantaneous further advance with extended arm—" No, no!" She glances fear fully round. "Wait; come with me. Come back with me—that is, if you will." Blake, passionately: "If I will!" Leslie, with pensive archness: "I want you to help me clear up my character." Blake, gravely: " Leslie, may I"— Leslie: " I can't talk with you here." Blake, sadly: "I will not go back with you to make sorrow for you and troublo among your friends. It's enough to know that you don't forbid me to love you." Leslie: " Oh, no, it isn't enough—for every body." Blake: "Leslie." Leslie: "Miss Bellingham, please!" Blake: " Miss Bellingham"— Leslie: "Well?" Blake, after a stare of rapturous perplexity: " Nothing!" Leslie, laughing through her tears: "If you don't make haste you will be too late for tho stage, and then you can't get away till to-mor row. VI. Itf the parlour with Mrs. Bellingham attd Mrs. Murray sits a gentleman no longer young, but in the bloom of a comfortable middle life, with blonde hair tending to baldness, accurately parted in the middle, and with a handsome face, lazily shrewd, supported by a comely substructure of double chin, and traversed by a full blonde mustache. He is simply, almost carelessly, yet elegantly dressed in a thin summer stuff, and he has an effect of recent arrival. His manner has distinction, enhanced and refined by the eye-glasses which his near sightedness obliges him to wear. He sits some what ponderously in the chair in which he has planted a person just losing its earlier square ness in the lines of beauty; his feet are set rather wide apart, in the fashion of gentlemen approaching a certain weight: and he has an air of amiable resolution, as of a man who' having dined well yesterday means to dine" well to-day. _. Charles Bollingham, smiling amusement and slowly getting the range of his aunt through his glasses: *TSo I have come a day after the fair*' , Mrs. Murray: "That is your mother's opinion." Mrs. Bellingham: "Yes, Charles, Leslie had known what to do herself, and had done it, even before I spoke to her. I'm sorry we made you drag all the way up here, for nothing." Charles Bellingham: "Oh, I don't mind it, mother. Duty called, and I came. My leisure can wait for my return. The only thing is that they'vo got a new fellow at the club now, who interprets one's ideas of planked Spanish mackerel with a sentiment that amounts to Stnius. I suppose you plank hornpout here. ut as to coming for nothing, I'd much rather do that than come for something, in a case like this. You say Leslie saw herself that it wouldn't do?" Mrs. Bellingham: "Yes, she had really behaved admirably, Charles; and when I »et the whole matter before her, she fully agreed Bellingham: " But you think she rather liked him?" Mrs. Bellingham, sighing a little: "Y«B, there is no doubt of that." Bellingham, musingly; "Well, it's a pity. Behaved rather well in that tramp business,, you said ?' Mrs. Bellingham: "Nobly." Bellingham: " And hasn't pushed himself, at all?" Mrs. Bellingham: " Not an instant." Bellingham: " Well, I'm sorry for him, poor fellow, but I'm glad the thing's over. It would have been an awkward affair, under all the circumstances, to take hold of. I say, mother," —with a significant glance at Mrs. Murray— "there hasn't been anything—ah—abrupt in the management of this matter? You ladies sometimes forget the limitations of actioq in your amiable eagerness to have things over, you know." , Mrs. Bellingham: "I think your mother would not forget herself in such a case." Bellingham: "Of course, of course; excuse my asking, mother. But you're about the only woman that wouldn't." . Mrs. Murray, bitterly: "Oh, your motheV and Leslie have both used him with the greatest tenderness." . Bellingham, dryly: "I'mglad to hear it; I never doubted it. If the man had been treated by any of my family with the faintest slight after what had happened, I should have felt bound as a gentleman to offer him any repara tion in ray power —to make him any apology. People of our sort can't do anything shabby." Mrs. Murray does not roply, but rises from her place on the sofa and goes to tho window. 14 Does Leslie know I'm here ?" Mrs. Bellingham, with a little start: " Really, I forgot to tell her you were coming to-day; we had been keeping it from her, and' — Bellingham: *TI don't know that it mattcrß. Where is she ?" . Mrs. Bellingham: " I saw her going out with Maggie Wallace. I dare say she will be back soon. _ .  Bellingham: "All right. Where is tho young man? Has he gone yet?" Mm. Bellingham: "No, he couldn't go till the afternoon stage leaves. He's still here. Bellingham: " I must look him up, and make my acknowledgments to him." Rising: By the way, what's luh name ?",,,, , Mrs. Murray, standing with her face toward the window, suddenly gives tokens of a lively interest in some spectacle outside which has casually caught her notice. She leans forward and inclines to tliiu side and that, as if to make perfectly sure before speaking, and at the moment Bellingham puts his question she summons her sister-in-law in a voice of terrible incrimination and triumph: "Marion, did you say Leslie hod gone out with Maggie Wallace ?' Mrs. Bellinghain, indiiferently: "Yes." Mrs. Murray: " Will you be kind enough to step here ?" Mrs. Bellingham, with a little lady like surprise, approaches, and Mrs. Murray indicates, with a stabbing thrust of her hand, the sight which has bo much interested her: 41 Does that look as if it were all over?" Bellingham, carelessly, as Mrs. Bellingham, with great evident distress, remains looking in the direction indicated: "What's the matter now?' Mrs. Murray: "Nothing. I merely wished your mother to enjoy a fresh proof of Leslie's discretion. She is returning to tell us that it's out of the question in company with the young man himself." Bellingham: " Wha-ha, ha, hal-WJiat?' Mrs. Murray: "She is returning with tho young roan from whom sho had just parted' forever." Bellingham, approaching: "Oh, come now, aunt" Mrs. Murray, fiercely: "Will you look for yourself, if you don't believe me ?' r Bellingham: " Oh, I believe you fast enough. But as for looking, you know I couldn't tell the man in the moon at this distance, if Leslie happened to be walking home with him. But is the—ah—fat necessarily in the fire, because"— Mrs. Murray whirls away from Bellingham where he remains with his hands on his hips lazily peering over his mother's shoulder, and pounces upon a large opora-glass which stands on the centre table, and returning with it thrusts it at him. Bellingham: "Eh? What?" Mrs. Murray, excitedly: " It's what we watch the loons on the lake with." Bellingham: "Well, but I don't see the application. They're not loons on the lake." Mrs. Murray: "No; but they're loons on the land, and it comes to the same thing." She vehemently presses tho glass upon him. Bellingham, gravely: "Do you mean, aunt, that you actually want me to watch my sister through an opera-glass, like a shabby French man at a watering-place? Thanks. I could never look Les in the face again. It's a little too much like eavesdropping." He folds his arms, and regards his aunt with reproachful amazement, while she dashes back to set the glass on the table again. Mrs. Bellingham, in great trouble: "Wait, Kate! Charles, dear— l— I think you must." Bellingham: "What?" Mrs. Bellingham: "Yes, you had better look. You will have to proceed in this matter now, and you must form some conclusions before hand." Bellingham: " But, mother"— Mrs. Bellingham, anxiously: "Don't worry me, Charles. I think you must." Bellingham: "All right, mother." He un folds his arms and accepts the glass from her. " I never knew you to take an unfair advan tage, and I'll obey you on trust. But I tell you I don't like it. I don't like it at all"— deliberately getting the focus, with several trials; " I've never stolen sheep, but I think I can realise, now, something of the self-reproach which misappropriated mutton may bring. Where did you say they were ? Oh, over there! I was looking off there, at that point. They're coming this way, aren't they ?" With a start: "Hollo! She's got his arm! Oh, that won't do. I'm surprised at Les doing that, unless—con tinuing to look—"By Jove! He's not a bad looking fellow, at all. He—Why, confound it! No, it can't be! Why, yes—no—yes, it is, it it —by Heaven, it is— by all that's strange it is— Blake!" He lets the glass fall; and stands glaring at his aunt and mother, who confront him in speechless mystification. Mrs. Bellingham: "Blake? Why, of course if 8 Blake. We told you it was Mr. Blake !" 'Bellinghara: " N6,1 beg your pardon, mother, you didn't! You never told me it was anybody —by name." Mrs. Bellingham: " Well?" Bellingham : " Why, don't you understand, mother ? It's my Blake 1" Mrs. Bellingham: "Your Blake? Your— Charles, what do you mean?" Bellingham : "Why, I mean that this is the man"—giving his glasses a fresh pinch on his nose with his thumb and forefinger—" that fished me out of the Mississippi. I natter my self he couldn't do it now. VThe grossness of ray nature would have weight to drag him down.'— both of us down. But he'd try ft, and he'd nave the pluck to go down with me if he failed. Come, mother, you see / can't do any thing in this matter. It's simply impossible. It's out of the question." Mrs. Murray: " H^wis itoutof thequestion?" Bellingham : " Well, I don't know that I can explain, aunt Kate, if it isn't clear to you already." Mrs. Bellingham, recovering from the dismay in which her son' 9 words have plunged her: "Charles, Charles! Do you mean that this Mr. Blake is the person who saved you from"— Bellingham : "From a watery grave ? I do, mother. Mrs. Bellingham: " There must be some mis take. You can't tell at this distance, Charles." Bellinghara: "There's no mistake, mother. I should Know Blake on the top of Ponkwasset. He was rather more than a casual acquaintance, you see. By Jove, I can't think of the matter with any Bort of repose. I can see it all now, just as if it were somebody else: I was weighted down with my accoutrements, and I went over the side of the boat like a flash, and under that yellow deluge like a bullet. I had just leisure to think what a shame it was my life should go for nothing at a time when we needed men so much, when I felt a grip on my hair," —rubbing his bald spot—" it couldn't be done now! Then I knew I was all right, and waited for develop ments. The only development was Blake. He fought shy of me, if you'll bolieve it, after that, till I closed with him one day and had it out with him, and convinced him that he had done rather a handsome thing by me. But that was the end of it. I couldn^ get him to stand any thing clro in the way of gratitude. Blake had a vice: he was proud." Mrs.Bellingham: "Andwhatbecamepf him?" Bellingham: "Who? Blake? Ho was tho engineer of th.o boat, I ought to explain. Ho wari transferred to a gunboat after that, and I Hchcvc he a.tiick to it throughout the fighting on the Mississippi. It's —lot mo aoe — iva flvo years now sjinco t saw him in Nebraska, when 4 went out there to grow up with the country, and found I couldn't wait for it." After a pause: " I don't know what it was about Blake; but he somehow made everybody feel that there was stuff in him. In the three weeks wo were together we became great friends, and I must say I never liked a man better. Well, that's why, aunt Kate." Mrs. Murray: "I don't sec that it has any thing whatever to do with the matter. The question is whether you wish Leslie to marry a, man of his, station and breeding, or not. His goodness and preatqess have nothing dp, with it. Tho fact remains that he is not at all her equal—that he isn't a gentleman"— Bellingham: "Oh, come now, aunt Kate. You're not going to tell me that a man who saved my life isn't a gentleman!" Mrs. Murray: "And you're not going to tell me that a steamboat engineer is a gentleman ?" Bellingham, disconcerted: "Eh?" Mrs. Murray: "The question is. are you going to abandon that unhappy girl to her fancy for a man totally unfit to be her husband simply because he happened to save your life ?" Bellingham: "Why, you see, aunt Kate"— Mrs. Murray: "Do you think it would be gentlemanly to do it f Bellingham: " Well, if you put it that way, no, I don't. And it you want to know, I don't see my way to behaving like a gentleman in this connection, whatever I do." He scratches his head ruefully: " The fact is that the advan tages are all on Blake's side, and hell have to manage very badly if he doesn't come out the only gentleman in the business." After a moment: " How was it you didn't put the name and the—a—profession together, mother, and reflect that this was my Blake?" Mrs. Bellingham, with plaintive reproach: " Charles, you know how uncommunicative you were about all your life as a soldier. You never told me half so much about this affair before, and you never—it seems yory heartless now that I didn't insist on knowing, but at the time it was only part of the nightmare in which we were living—you never told me his name bofore.'1 Bellingham: " Didn't I ? Well t I supposed I had, of course. Urn! That was too bad. I say, mother, Blake has never let anything drop that made you think he had ever known me, or done me any little favour, I suppose?" Mrs. Bellingham: "No, not the slightest hint. If he had only"— Bellingham: " An, that was like him, con found him !" Bellingham muses again with a hopeless air, and then starts suddenly from his reverie: " Why, the fact is, you know, mother, Blake is really a magnificent fellow; and you know—well, lliks him!" Mrs. Murray : " Oh! That's Leslie's excuse!" Bellingham: "Eh?" Mrs. Murray: "If you are going to take Leslie's part, it's fortunate yon have common ground. Like him I" Bellingham: " Mother, what is the unhal lowed hour for dinner in these wilds? One o'clock ? I've a fancy for tackling this business after dinner." Mrs. Bellingham: "I'm afraid, my dear, that it can't be put off. They must be here soon." Bellingham, sighing: " Well! Though they didn't seem to be nurrylng." Mrs. Murray, bitterly: "If they could only know what a friendly disposition there was towards him here, I'm sure they'd make haste!" Bellingham: "Urn!" Mrs. Bellingham, after a pause : " You don't know anything about his—his—family do you, Charles V' Bellingham: "No, mother, I don't. My : mpression is that he hat no family, any more ;han—Adam; or—protoplasm. All I know i ibout him is that he was from first to last one i >f those natural gentlemen that upset all your preconceived notions of those things. His associations must have been commoner than — well it's impossible to compare them to any thing satisfactory; but I never saw a trait in him or heard a word from him that wasnt refined. He gave me the impression of a very able man, too, as I was just saying, but where his strength lay, I can't say." Mrs. Bellingham: " Leslie says he's an in ventor." Bellingham: " Well, very likely. I remem ber, now: he was a machinist by trade, I pebeve, and he was an enlisted man on the boat when the engineer was killed; and Blake was the man who could step right into his place. It was considered a good thing amongst those people. He was a reader in his way, and most of the time he had some particularly hard headed book in his hand when he was off duty —about physics or metaphysics; used to talk them up now and then, very well. I never had any doubt about his coming out all right. He's a baffler, Blake is—at least nc is for me. Now I suppose aunt Kate, here, doesn't find him baffling, at all. She takes our little standards, our little weights and measures, and tests him with them, and she's perfectly satisfied with the result. It's a clear case of won't do." Mrs. Murray: *' Do you say it isn't?" Bellingham: " No; I merely doubt if it is. You don't doubt, and there you have the advantage of me. You always were a selected 6yster, aunt Kate, and you always knew that you couldn't be improved upon. Now, I'm a selected oyster, too, apparently, but I'm not certain that I'm the best choice that could have been made. I'm a huitre de man tiieJe ;I am the ill-starred mollusk that doubts. Of course we can't go counter to the theory that God once created people and no-people, and that they have nothing to do but to go on reproducing themselves and leave him at leisure for the rest pf eternity. But really, aunt Kate, I have seen some things in my tune—and I don't mind saying Bloke is one of them—that made me think the Creator was still—active. I admit that it sounds" —fitting his glasses on—"rather absurd for an old diner-out like myself to say it." Mrs. Murray, with energy: "All this is neither here nor there, Charles, and you know it. The simple question is whether you wish your sister to marry a man whose past you'll be ashamed to be frank about. 11l admit, if you like, that he's quite our equal—our superior ; but what avc you going to do with your ex steambout engineer in society ?" Bellingham, dubiously; "Well, it would be rather awkward," Mrs. Murray : " How will you introduce him, and what will you say to people about his family and his station and business ? Or do you moan to baninh yourself and give up the world which you find so comfortable for the toon of a brother-in-law whom you don't really know from Adam ?" Bellingham: " Well, I must allow the force of your argument. Yes," —after a gloomy little reverie—" you're right. It won't do. It is out of the question. 111 put an end to it—if it doesn't put an cud to me. That' weird seizure,' as of misappropriated mutton, oppresses me again. Mother, I think you'd better go away —you and aunt Kate—and let me meet him and Leslie here alone, when they come in. Or, I say: if you could detach Lcs, and let him come in here by himself, somehow. I don't suppose it can be done. Nothing aeema disposed, to let itself be done." ftjrs. Bcllingha.ni: v Charles* I'pi sorry thi* disagi^caWe busine** ghould fall to you.' Bellingnanu '*Oh, donx mind It, mother. What* a brother for if he can't be called upon to break of! his sister's love affairs ? But I don't deny it'B a nasty business." Mrs. Murray, going out: " I sincerely hope hell make it so for you, and cure you or your absurdities." Bellingham: "O Parthian shaft! Wish me well out of it, mother!" Mrs. Bellingham, sighing: "I do, Charles; I do. with all my heart. You have the most difficult duty that a gentleman ever had to perform. I don't see how you're to take hold of it; I don't, indeed." Bellingham: "Well, it is embarrassing. But it's a noble cause, and I suppose Heaven will befriend mo. The trouble is, don't you know, I haven't got any—any point of view, any tenable point of view. It won't do to act Bimply in our own interest; we can't do that, mother; we're not the sort. I must try to do it in Blake's behalf, and that's what I don't see my way to, exactly. What I wish to do is to make my interference a magnanimous bene faction to Blake—something that he'll recognise in after yean with gratitude as a—a mysterious Providence. If I've got to be a snob, mother, I wish to be a snob on the highest possible grounds." Mrs. Bellinghara: "Don't use that word, Charles. It's shocking." Bellingham: " Well, I won't, mother. I say: can't you think of some disqualifiations in Leslie, that I could make & point d'appui in a conscientious effort to serve Blake ?" Mrs. Bellinghara: " Charles !" ; Bellingham : " I mean, isn't she rather a worldly, frivolous, fashionable spirit, devoted to pleasure, and incapable of sympathising with —with his higher moods, don't you know? Something like that?" Bellingham puts his thumbs in his waistcoat pockets and inclines towards his mother with a hopeful smile. Mrs. Bellingham : " No, Charles; you know ■he is nothing of the kind. She's a girl, and she likes amusement, but I should like to see the man whose moods were too lofty for Leslie. She is everything that's generous and true and high-minded." Bellingham, scratching his head: "That's bad! Then she isn't—ah—she hasn't any habits of extravagance that would unfit her to be the Wife of a poor man who—ah—had his way to make in the world ?" Mrs. Bellingham: " She never spends half her allowance on herself; and besides, Charles —how ridiculously you talk! she has all that money your uncle left her, and if she marries him, he won't be poor any longer." Bellingham, eagerly: a And that would ruin his career! Still"—after a moment's thought —" I don't see how I'm to use that idea, exactly. No, I shall have to fall back on the good old ground that it's simply —out of the question. I think that's good: it has a thorough, logical, and final sound. I shall stick to that. Well, leave me to my fate: you—Hallo! That's Blake's voice, now. I don't wonder it takes Leslie. It's the most sympathetic voice in the world. They're coming up here, aren't they ? You'd better go, mother. I wish you could have got Leslie away"— Leslie, without: "Wait for me, there. I must go to mamma's room at once, and tell her everything." Blake, without: "Of course. And say that I wish to see her." Leslie: "Good-bye," Blake: "Good-bye." Leslie: "We won't keep you long. Good* bye." Blake: "Good-bye." [to be continued.] 