Mr. Bright's Retirement from the Ministry. [The New York Tribune's London correspondent, Mr. Smalley, who, we believe, is a perfectly reliable authority, supplies his paper with the following account of an interview with Mr. Bright on 16th July.] 411 hope this news is not true," I said. " In deed It is true," answered Mr. Bright; "how could you suppose it was not true?" These were the opening sentences of n lonj» conversa tion, of which I telegraphed you the leading points, or some of them. The talk was a Very free one. Mr. Bright is a man who says nothing or pours out his mind. I told him at the beginning that his resignation would have a great influence on American opinion, pro bably to the prejudice of Mr. (Gladstone's Go vernment. " If thoro is anything you would like to have said or will allow to be said about it, any statement of the reasons for it, Americans would be very glad to hear the real truth." " No," was the first answer, " there is nothing to bo said." Then all at once: " Bui? how did you hear anything about it ?" I arid a question had been aakca in the House: late last night; it had boen mentioned in one morning paper as a report, and assorted an a> fact in another. He knew of tho qucstjpn, did not seeni to know anything about tho papers. It was now 1 o'clock iv the afternoon, anu it was perfectly obvious that no single journalist had been to sec him on the subjoct. When the/ evening papers came out they still discussed it as a rumour. I suppose you in America would set this down as lack of enterprise. Perhaps it was duo to tho etiquette which surrounds resignations and appoint* ments. Till the Queen's pleasure has been taken, nothing is considered to have been done, I presume the bare fact that Mr. Bright had announced to the Prime Minister his deter* mination to resign office might have l>cen learned, had anybody takon the trouble to learn it. But the reserve and decorum of English journalism are rather to be praised than criti cised. Mr. Bright has occupied for some years during each Parliamentary session an apart ment on the second floor of a house in Picca dilly looking over the Green Park. The draw ing-room is large, rather well furnished for a lodging- house, airy, cheerful, and in no way re markable 3xccpt for the presence of a Cabinet Minister. Lord Palmcrston once made an obser vation about the impossibility of having a maid servant to open a Cabinet Minister's door. Lord Palmcrston's house w;is not many doors off from this, a rather stately mansion with an entrance court and two gateways where tho roaid-servant, it is clear, would have been quite out of place. Cambridge House, as it then was, is now the Naval and Military Club, and the maid-servant more impossible than ever. But Mr. Bright has small regard for conven tionalities of any sort, and not much respect for the memory or maxims of Lord Palmcrston. In his case the impossible has come to pass, the maid-scrvaut does open his door; has done so for years both in this and other houses, and shows you up two flights of stairs, and, on the whole, the British Constitution has survived it. I never heard of anybody who thought the worse of Mr. Bright on this ac count, but I can imagine people who would be scandalised by it, and for aught I know tho ghost of the last Englishman, as Carlyle called the last Whig Prime Minister, may haunt tho granite precincts of his ancient residence, and pace in horror the pavements of Piccadilly. The Chancellorship of tho Duchy of Lan caster is not a laborious ottice. Tho depart mental business can never be of a very formi dable kind, and Mr. Bright's parlour lias very few signs of tlic pressure of public work. Not much red tape tied and untied here; not even many papers about. It is not very recent hard work that has left its mark on Mr. Bright. There is a story of Pitt which came into my bead as I sat looking at tlio strong face with its singular purity of expression. Three of Pitt's friends were discussing the causes of hi.s early death. Olio said work; the second port wine, •f which Pitt consumed groat quantities. The third, who waa a physician, Baid : " No, it is neithor work nor wmo that killed him, but worry." Worry is not a very adequate word for tho anxiety and sense of responsibility which weighed on Pitt, but it explains a great deal. So it does in Mr. Bright's caso. All his life long he has "worried" about things. Ho could not deal with groat questions lightly. Ho never took momentous decisions with the jaunty grace which was possible to Palmerston. Peace and war, prosperity at home, tranquillity abroad, Irian grievances, slavery, American union—these and many other matters, in which ho has borne a leading part were serious to him. Ho gave himself up to each of them in turn, and to oach of thorn wont ao much of conscience and mural sense, so much zeal to promote truth and right, such an overmastering desiro and effort to bring his own views to prevail, as shook and at times all but shattered his strength. Tho traces of these mighty efforts are visiblo, and more visible to-day foi the conflict he has just gone through. When Mr. Bright said ho did not care to make a statement about his resignation, the conversation turned to other mattere. But ho Boon came back to tho resignation, and tho policy of the Government which had brought it about. It would have been strange if he could think or talk about anything else. AU London was talking of his resignation. For the moment men only remembered Egypt as connected with tho retirement of Mr. Bright from the Cabinet. Not only his appearance but his manner showed something of tho struggle and distress ho had gone through. It is no light thing for a Minister to leave a Cabinet. In Mr. Bright's case there were many reasons why he should hesitate long before taking such a resolution—many reasons, but not one of thorn selfish. Others cannot help regarding it as Mr. Bright's final disappearance from official lifo. In one sense that matters little to his fame or tho completeness of his career. His fame was not won in office. It may be said with all respect that office has added little or nothing to it. The Chancellorship of the Duchy of Lancaster is nothing. But membership of the Cabinet is a groat deal, and Mr. Bright's counsel on many weighty matters of domestic policy has been a source of strength to this Government. He will never again ue a Cabinet Minister. This is not his remark but my inference' from the circumstances of his resignation. I may say, once for all, that nothing in this letter is to bo attributed to Mr. Bright directly or indirectly unless it is quoted as his. I shall not repeat here what I havo already telegraphed. The points of divergence between the Government and Mr. Bricrht wero suffi ciently indicated in my despatch of Saturday. Mr. Bright talked them over fully. Once ho said, as he finished a clean-cut sen tence, "You are not to telegraph that, of course." Many other things ho said quite obviously not meant for the public, and on the whole I think I had better not add much to my previous account of his statements. There was not a word which, taken in ita right sense and connection, all the world might not have heard. But Mr. Bright, like all other great orators I have known, expresses himself at times in private with an energy of language which is as unconventional as it is picturesque. Tho reserve imposed by the platform and the House of Commons seems to add piquancy to the freedom of conversation. Which is only one more reason why the privacy of conver sation should bo respected. I had Mr. Bright's full permission to raako public what I thought right to publish. But a per mission of that sort imposes an obliga tion, and one has no choice out to be discreet. It is superfluous and almost impertinent to say that Mr. Bright has acted with sincerity, the profoundest sincerity, in this as in every other business of his life. Nobody who knows anything about his life would doubt it. Nobody who talked with him two minutes could question it. But it was difficult not to ask how it happened that if he was to resign ho had not resigned before. There wero two answers to this. It is not enough for his critics to say that ho must havo seen which way things were going. Nobody could be quite sure that a gun would ever be tired against the forts of Alexandria. Mr. Bright said with entire and complete frankness that he had hoped throughout that actual blood shed might bo averted, as it was at Dulcigno, at Volo, and elsewhere. That is a sufficient explanation of his delay down to last Tuesday, when Admiral Seymour's cannon opened. I did not think it needful or seemly to ask too closely why from Tuesday to Friday, with the forts in ruins and the city in ashes, he remained a member of the Government which was directly responsible for the first and had not prevented the last. But the truth was clear. Mr. Bright, who had hoped against hope for a month, shrunk from a final decision or from taking tho final step when the last shred of hope was gone. He knew ho must go, but he deferred till the last possible mo ment tho final pang of parting from his col leagues, his party, and above all from his chief. For one, I am not disposed to join in minute chronological censures of that sort. That he was right in resigning everybody agrees; those who deplore his loss tho most deeply still admit that he could not remain a member of a Government upon which was cast the duty of forcible intervention. "Am I to depart from the principles I have taught for forty years ; to disown the morality I have made the basis of politics; to leave a tarnished name to my children?" Who could say yes? Certainly nobody who had seen the eloquent gesture with which he pointed to the door through which his daughter had just passed. The details of the Egyptian business (lid not seem to touch him very closely. The questions I asked he rather put aside than answered, though I avoided going over much ground and kept to the actual preliminaries of the contest. "Wnen Admiral Seymour," I asked, "de clared the fleet in danger, would you have taken the responsibility of keeping it there under tho guns of the forts against the opinion of its commander?" # " Never would I be guided on a public ques tion by the advice of a military or naval officer. They two always for fighting." "World you, after Ourabi had been notified to discontinue his armaments, and had agreed to, and bad broken his agreement—would' you have sailed away out of the harbour?" "The tkvt had no business tlicro oxccjit to protect our p.ooplc. It was not thr* forts which menaced the fleet, it wan the fleet which men aced the forts." Aud so on. What broke out in every sen tence was Mr. Bright's utter and total hatred of war as war, in any form except of actual self-defence against direct nttnek. Those who bcliovo with linn will disapprove as he docs tho bombardment. Those who recognise the duty of the Government of a great empire to guard its interests will form a different judgment. This different judgment is, as I beliovo, tho judgment of the immense- majority of the Eng lish people 