? THE BAY OF SEVEN ISLANDS. The skipper, sailed out of the harbormouth, Leaving tlio apple-bloom of the South For the ice of tlio Eastern seas, In his fishing schooner Breeze. Handsome and l>ravo and young was ho, And the maidens of Newbury sighed to sec His lessening wliito sail full Under the soa's blue wall. Through. the Northern Gulf and the misty screen Of the isles of Mingin and Madeleine, St. Paul's and Blanc Sablon, The littlo Breezo sailed on Backward and forward along the shore Of wild and desolate Labrador, And found at last her way To the seven Islands Bay. The little hamlet, nestling below Great hills white with lingering snow, ... With its tin-roofed chapel stood Half bid in tlio- dwarf spruco wood; Green-turfed flower-sown, tho last outpoBt - . Of summer upon the dreary coast, With its gardens small and spare, Sad. in tlio frosty air. Hard by whore the shipper's schooner lay, A fisherman's cottage looked away Over islo and bay, and behind On mountains dim-defined. And there twin sisters, fair and young, Laughed with their stranger gnest, and sung In their native tongue tlie.lays Of the old Provencal days. Alike were they' save the faint outllno Of a scar on Suzett's forehead fine; And both, it so befell, Loved the heretic stranger well. Both were pleasant to look upon, But the heart of the skipper clave to one; Thqpgh less by his oye than lieart He knew the twain apart. Despite of alien race and creed, Well did his wooing of Marguerite speed; And the mother's wrath was vain As the sister's jealous pain. The shrill-tongned mistress her house forbade, And solemn warning was stonily said By the black-robed priest, whose word As law the hamlet heard. But half by voice and half by. signs The skipper said, " A warm sun shines On the green banked Merrimac; Wait, watch, till I come back. " And when you see, from my mast head, The signal fly of a kerchief red, ; My boat on the shore shall wait; Come, when the night is late." Ah 1 weighed with childhood's haunts andfrionds, And all that the home sky overbends, Did ever young love fail To turn the trembling scale ? Under the night, on the wet sea sands, , _ Slowly unclasped their plighted hands : One to the cottage hearth, And one to his sailor's berth. What was it the parting lovers heard ? Nor leaf, nor ripple, nor wing of bird, But a listener's stealthy tread On the rock-moss, crisp and dead. He weighed his anchor, and fished once more By the black coast-line of Labrador; And by love .and the north wind driven, Sailed back to the Islands Seven. In tho sunset's glow the sisters twain Saw tho Breezo como sailing in again; Said Suzette, " Mother dear, Tho heretic's sail is here." , " Go, Marguerite, to your room and liido; Your door shall bo bolted 1" the mother cried: . While Suzette, ill at ease, Watched the red sign of tho Breeze. At midnight, down to the waiting skiff Sho stole in the shadow of the cliff;" And out of the Bay's mouth ran The Schooner with maid and man. And all night long, on a restless bed, Her prayers to'tho Virgin Marguerite said; And thought of her lover's pain Waiting for her in vain. Did he pace the sands ? Did he pauso to heqp The sound of lier light step drawing near ? And, as tho Sow hours passed,. Would be doubt her faith at last,? But when shelsaw, through the misty pane, The morning break on a sea of rain, Could even lier love avail To follow his vanished sail ? Meantime the Breeze, with favoring wind, Left the ragged Moisic hills behind, And heard from an unseen shore Tho falls of Manitou roar. On tho morrow's*morn, in the thick, gray weather They sat on the reeling deck together, Lover and counterfeit, Of hapless Marguerite. With a lover's hand, from her forehead fair He smoothed away lier-jet-black hair. What was it his fond eyes met ? The scar of the false Suzette! Fiercely ho shouted: " Bear away East by north for seven Isles Bay 1" The maiden- wept and prayed. But the ship her helm obeyed. Once more tho Bay of the Isles they found: They heard the bell of the Chapel sound, And tho chant of the dying sung In the harsh, wild Indian tongue. A feeling of mystery, change, and awe Was in all they lieard and all they saw: Spell-bound the hamlet lay In the hush of its lonely bay And when they came to the cottage door, The mother rose up from her weeping sore, And with angry gestures met The scared look of Suzette. " Here is your daughter," the skipper said: " Give me the one I love instead." But the woman stemlv spake: " Go, see if the dead will wake!" He looked Her sweet face still and wliito , And strange in the noonday taper light, She lay on her little bed, With tho cross at her feet and head. In a passion of grief the strong man bent Down to her face, and, kissing it, went Back to the waiting Breeze, Back to the mournful seas. Never again to the Merrimac And Newbury's homes that bark came back. Whether her fate she met On the shores of Carraqnette Miscou, or Traeadie, who can say? But even yet at Seven Isles Bay Is told the ghostly talo Of a weird, unspoken sail. Tn tho pale, sad light of the Northern day Seen by the blanketed Montagnals; Of squaw, in her small kyack, Crossing the spectre's track. On the deck a maiden wrings her hands Her likeness kneels on the gray coast sands; One hi her wild despair, And one in the trance of prayer. She flies before no earthly blast. With the red sign fluttering from her mast, Over the solemn seas," The ghost of jhe schooner Breeze. -John Grecnlcaf Wldttier. 