. IAR. yFARDWIe ..C " They're makin' a terrible to-do about this Kosuth or Koshoot,or whatever they call him. Dind'thear much else in town to-day. lHe' as fur as Pittsburg, they say, makin' speeches all along, an' e'rybody turnin'out." "K~oohoot l ny, I knowed 'em 'fore I crossed the Alleghany." And Mrs. Hard. wick lifted another handful of soft soup excepting what dripped through her fingers \--inro the already foaminsg dish.pan. onew 'em afore you crossed the Alleg.s hany I You u mu' be sick." A look of pity crossed the face of r. Hardwlck after hesaid this. He thought, but was too generou to say it now, that it all came of a Yankee marrying a Penrnsylvania woma. Her constant gnorance of what would ho common information to a Massachusetts per. son was a thorn in his pillow. "That man's a oohian," he went on. "This is akind of a looshian. They'd 'a' been free if Aatry hadan't 'a' put in." A momentary bewilderment filled the eyes of rs. Hard wick ; then, with a becommg sense of her ignorance, she raised them apolo. eticallyto the shot.gun hanging over the oor. "Oh, yea. I mind now. 'Twas the K'shaws 'Twas them I knowed back there a'rmedy." Mr. Hardwick lifted' a-coal to his pipe, settled into his splint- bottomed chair, and looked thoughtfully at the back.log. Dusk was near, and the chores were dooe,--his chores. "Wife, you must bang your dried apples on the other two poles there. I want this oni over the fireplace here for my seed. cor." A tallow candle was brought out. For a moment, ere lighting it, the wife seated her. self at the hearthstone, with the double pur. purpose of resting her tired back and empty. tmg the snuffers. "Where'n the world's that child! " sod denly exclaimed the husbond and father, after a short study of the back-log. Neither of them knew. "Marcy I" shouted Mrs. Hlardwick from i the back door. No answer. They sat uneasily but silently a little longer. Then Mr. llrdwick, after walking from one door to the other and looking out in 1 vain, placed the lighted candle within a tin n cylinder, punctured with innumerable holes, and went out. The lantern served only to make the darkness visible. After wander. ing and calling about the yard, he heard a fanMt " Here, pa I" from the direction of the spring, many yards from the house. Over the spr:n; hung a willow.tree, which no care of Mr. Hardwrck's could make grow as a willow ought. It was the only one on the place, brought by him from afar the year he was married, and nursed with more tender. neos than he had ever bestowed pon any d other tree. It represented to his mind, he did not care to any exactly how, the found. fi ing of his home. lie ridiculed the half-Ger. h man superstitious of the l'ensyleatia wife, t hot he fancied that this willow somehiw- i associated with his domestic weal or woe as no other tree would be. lis one bit of sen timentaisin was in regard to it. All he said was to the effect that every spring ought to al have a willow over it, anyway. Down from the gloom of its meagre ai branches, on the approach of the shifting t flakes of light that shot fantasticall from n the swinging lantern, there slipped, with the it lightness of a squirrel, a creature who might ti have been taken for a sprite. in "Marcella I How could you scare us so! u How could you stay out here in the tree so at late Comhe" She nestled on his arm with. out a word. She laid her white cheek against lio his rough neck and silently went homen ; Io Her father deposited her carefully by the A fire. Then one might have seen themonnifi. hi o golden Iart r felt to her S waist To all questions why she behaved so strangely she he made no reply for a long time. At Iast, by a taking her in his arms and speaking very fondly, her father wrung from her an answer. tr "I don't know." to Away from the space aboet the autumn fire, the log cabin was mantled in fitful yl shadows. The clock ticked from out the of darkness at the farther end of the room A di mouse-seen by Marcy lone-stel e fromt the warm stones of the jamb and diasppearoed f within the bark that oung to the loge of the p wall. She was an only child. They loved her. But they could not fathom her. - I " Let's whip her," suggested the mother, tl in an undertone. a Mr. Hardick shook his head and muttered "No." i His wife had said this more because it was p the only remedy she could think of than a because it seemed the right thing. 3tarcy' c face began to quiver, and her pathetic eye f grew moist. o hu-oold theirs had they known a bow she was struggling to prevent the con tortions of her facial mascles, and ho: she p yearned to make clear to them a mental con- e dition :she could not find any words to express. St. Vitas' dance was not an alaroaing malad": She would outgrow it as other vI children did. It subjected her to marks and t rde st?ring frome the really kisd peop elwho came to the house. Oe or two wrinkled old women studied her mysteriously, and con ferred confidentially conoerning he'rin away i that aroused her apprehenmons. Her mother a discussed with these disfavoured women some secret relating to her. She was too sensitive to bear all this. She was glad to I flee at the approach of a neighbour A natural hyvnesa was so stimulated by thet torture she underwent when the movements of her face excited comment that sheepro Iferred to hide from even her parents, and was learning to love darkness better than light. 1 How could she explain it all to them As she was going to bed abe stopped, as if suddenly inspired, "I'm better out there. My face is still when I'm out there alone." They had consulted the country doctor, and done what they could in their homely i way. But the winter pc sed, and in the opring the affection cootinued. As the warm days came on, Or. lIardwick was busy in his clearing, and wan seldom shout home between breakfast time. Here was MIr. Hardwick's opportunity. 11cr husband's incredhlilit should no longer stand in the way of her child's good. 8he dared not let him know, for ouce or twice when she had hinted at the infallihle remedy she had met with a refusal which partook of anger. Sundry coomlta tioms were furtively held with sundry people she had known beyond the Allegmsay. Marcy was assured that if she would never Ist her falher know how it was done, she woohi he cored. A crookedold neighbor--Mr. Helborger- and his 'oothslee wife appeared one day, bearing a small auger adl a cork. The awe sticlie.e elild was led to the willow. Her lath was pInced against it. A hole was laced in th~e trunk, exactly as high up as tiL top of her head. A golden teres of her hair wras ehoan, wrapped carefully, and in rtos as far as the heart of the tree. The cork was driven after it, and the bark so nicely pctrhcd with grsfting-,eaa that even Hr. Hardwirk's eye never discovered the obrsion. From this time his favorite tree grew faster. Soon" the closest inspection coald not have led to a suspicion that it was holding, close to ito heart, the glosy tres of a little maiden' hair. , It was the oourictlon of the mother, and of those in the secret, that as Mary grew in height above the point which rmarked the concealment of the haar, the n~e-ons trouble would leave her. The weeks went byhow ever, and she grew neither in stature nor in hea.lth, a - Anoth sing €came, sadhe no longer r. . I '- followed her fatherto the fields. She old K atIotlealyioi la" V till bedtime, with her yellow d againt his houlder, ccasionally fting her pathetic eyes to his as if about to bpea ut still remaining silent?, His. talk of the birds, the clover, and the friendly xen did not rose her interest as of old. Her paronts became silent too, waiting in \- dumb di?tiess. hoping igailst hope, and doing the little that lay in their power to entertain and strengthen her. Frbmthe day when her hair wa placed in the willow she never visited the tree. When her father, ignorant of what had taken place there, re. Sminded her of her sudden abandonment of the favorite resort, he drew from her only a g- troubled look. A white owl, that had never of ventured so near the house before, haunted r the tree from the evening Marcy ceased o0 going thither. The day came in June. The woods were 0\. resonant with music. The meadow was 1 sweet with clover and bright with butter Scaps. The blue heavens were flocked with I Solt clouds. The sprays of the willow, as d bright and graceful as if they had been Swoven of the gleaming tress imprisoned in its heart, swung daintily in the breeze. The S oxen waited patiently at the ban, but no g master came to yoke them. She who loved I 3 them most was leaving all these for ever. e One strange, sickly child dying in the co.n n try,-a child of the obscure and poor,--a e little, shattered, drifting flower passing out of light on the great river of life. She was entering alone, with her tender feet, the I dark vey that appals the world. In her Sshort life she had loved every beautiful s thing, had played with the flowers, made Sfriends of the birds, and confided in the Stree. What sympathy had they with her Dnow A cluster of white clover blossoms are 1 a laid on her breast. Her rich hair enveloped 0 r her to the waist.. Her face was still at last; The curious, coarse, kind women might talk f' about it now. She would not hear. b The cheap coffin was placed on two chairs. The women found improvised benches inside C the house. Moat of the men stood outside r the door. All within hearing waited with uncovered heads. An itinerant preacher, A " faithfully following the light he possessed added what he could to the general discom. eC e fort, and did what he could to put out such tl Spoorhope of happine as the poor parents i had. tour sunnburned youths, laying their a hat reverently on the coffin, bore it out. SSeveral farm.waggons were alowly illed with stolid but sorrowful friends, and Marcy d went downmong the damp rd among yellow I butterflies for the last time. ti S In the evening the Hardwicks found their t chores attend to by kind neighbours. They st Smade no reply when these tried the standing d Sconsolation that their daughter was better c Soff. After setting the rude table, their w friends withdrew to their own homes. There 01 was no plate at Marcy's place. The two sat n' down mechanically at the board. Mrs. ard. r wick, after pouring the tea, arose, buried her c face in her apron, and took her place by the 8 hearth. Mr. Hardwick bowed his held on a' the table, and wept as a atrong man may do, in hovel or mansion, when the first night th comes on after he has buried his only child. ie could not sit by his hearthstone. He could not stay in the hushed cabin: there stood herchair, hercap, hershoes. He went out in the darkness, on some trifling pretext, and wandered up and down from the house i to the spring. Ue slowly found the willow, r not hearing the owl that brushed out from to ita branches as he approached. He laid his fe throbbing forehead against it. The whisper- wi ing of the sarays above him but added to his th unrest. He had done the best the oould for his ne suffering, sensitive Marcy, yet he thought wl now that he might have made her short lite a little happier. He wondered if she could be a looking down on him so soon from the stars. n A hundred trivial things relating to her filled l% toi'veio' mch - sa threaf dof her beautiful hair. It seemed to him now an unpardonable and wicked negligence. The golden tress, as he leaned against the tree, was almost touching his heart at tha moment. lel -Mr. Helburga r and his toothless dame yielded no jot of their faith. The folk-lore of the country beyond the mountains iras S discussed by them and Mrs. Hardwick. 'tut kn there was no instance in which the cnre had failed when the conditions had been 1ro. perty complied with. . . T "I allow'" persisted Mr. Helbnrger, 'a an' I seen it already when 'twas too late, that the tree mua' be an oak-not an ellnm nor he a willer." There was one other vital condition-the " trial must be a profound secret. If but'one to Sperson other than those participating obtains th any knowledge of the transaction, 'the w9 charm fails. This they all knew. The n. t favorable result in this case was sufficiently T Saccounted for. If they had put her hair into an oak, Marcy would have recovered. And t possibly she had told herth aer. Hermoth- o er thought not; but no onenew. th S Thirty years ago the mysterious raps ofo hi chester, echoed westward, added much to ' whatever feeling for the supernatural there st was, and tended to keep alive the lovd of the marvellous in lonely neighbourhojids. a 0 Mr. Hadwick dismissed the stories with hi 1 the opinion that the whole thing ras i \- "nothin' but a specelation." But he lived s Sin a uperstitious region- The Helbrgheren r and others about him believed more than f , ever in " overlooking" and spooks and ho. v Scs-poens, as the strnage tlea from Roches- ai o ter found their way through the country f j Some who never believed before now hesi-. ' e ated no longer, and were quite prepared for t a manifestations and ghosts. a S One of the Helburger boys was the first to a whisper that Jake Kendyke had seen a ghost l Sin the willow over Hardwick's spring. Toe o rumour found congenial soil: it grow, it T f gathered strength. It became a settled con . iction that the tree was haunted. The spring was not many yards from the high r, way, and this one and that on passing down i y the road at night had seen the slight appari li tion until It was idle to doubt. In the very n pot among the branches where Marcy had is been seen to sit so often, there it crouched. a n On more than one occasion, when two were a 'a passing together, they had summoned coursge v enough to approach it. Each time, as they r climbed the fence, it silently vanished, r, floating softly away in the darkness toward le the woods. The graveyard lay that way. i at Mr. Hardwick in his bereavement, was I a- more than ever interested in his favorite tree, t le which grow for several years after Marcy's y. death with great rapidity.. The golden hebd er of his lost darling no longer lightened up its 1 be shade, bat in his fancy ha saw her there more I vividly than elsewhere. Many an evening \- he lingered under the sighing branches, y, thinking of her, feeling he coulnid give his e. life to clasp her once again. It was there er she seemed nearest to him. It gave him a as nad pleasure to think that the willow he an cherished so tenderly had been her favorite r too. If it were possible for her to vett the in- earth in ghostly shape, there was where he he might wish and expect to meet ler. so Mr. Hardwick'sself-reproach that ehe bad en forgotten to preserve a lock of Mareyj's hair he was deep, and increased as time went on. ren When her husband expressed his sorrow and ion wonder that they had not done so, she was ras ill at ease. She had never before kept any. iof thing from him that be would wish to know. At the time she pictnred to herset the ind triumphant pleasure with which she would in tell him all when -Marcy shold be well. the But now, when all had ended so sadly, she he dared not confess it. She could not rid her iW- self of the feeling that she wasmn a measure in responsible for her darling's death. It spite a oer what judgment she hadi the early: sper. e sitiUoo Imbibed in her childhood had such d power that aheat times believed the child ;r would have recovered if an oak- tree had been y elected. She longed to please her husband by o placing In his hand the hidden tress, but it t could not now be. obtained without destroy. , ing:he t.re, he much prized. The secret I. gnawed at lier henrt. 'The rumoums that the Stree was haunted reached her ears, and had d fall effect on her mind and nerves. She o vrisited the spring no more than wasnece. n ary after dark ; for, with her conscience a constantly magnifying her guilt, how could she face the ghost of her child ? Leading a lonely life at best, brooding unduly over the f past, she became more and more wretched a as the months went by, and the burden, in ,r stead of lessening, became more and more d unendurable. d "Don't lay it to heart so; you know we done all we could for her," was Ar, Hard Swick's injunction one Sunday morning. " I'm goin' to-day to take a slip from the willer an' plant it on her grave. I don't s'pose it'll grow: 'tisn't moist enough there. I could a'most make it so with my tears if .'twasn't so fur off." The graveyard won abeyond the great woods, several miles away. I rs. Hllardwick, as she aw him depart, en? joined him to return before dark. That onoty day was one ofrestleesness and misery to her. She sobbed in the doorway long and bitterly, asking herself vainly, in doubt and Sfear, what she should do. As the day wore t aay, she felt that the crisis was approach eg. She must unburden her heart od tell her husband all, and bear whatever censure came of it. He would not be harsh, she hoped, if she could at the same time give him the coveted tress of hair. That certainly would move him to tenderness. lie planted the willow sprout, and worked for several hours in dressing and smoothing the spot about the little grave. le sat long on an adjoining hillock, thinking in his way of the mysteries of life and death, longing for but one more glimpse of thrlittle golden. head that was slumbering below, and trying to picture the difference, through all the coming years, which her presence would have mrade in his desolated home. * The sun sank lower and lower. Still he could not tear himself from the place. It was not till the last notes of the birds had ended, and a sudden chill crept over him, that he rose logo. Hie descended the hill. side and entered the great woods, unmindful of a blac cloud that was creeping oup from the horizon. The stillness of death was about him in the deepening gloom. For the first time in his life he missed the path. Soon the tallest trees grew uneasy, and the far rumble of thunder smote his ear. He quickened his step and struggled on. The night air grew chillier. The storm was coming. sthe sn creasing flashes lighted up the black giants, whose knotted arms were clutching each other above his head. He strkined every nerve to rech home before the fury of the rein should overtake him. He gained the cleared ground, then the meadow, and at last saw the faint light in his window, still tar away. The tumultuous clouds seemed to hesitate, to wait for reinforcements, and then to march after him with redoubled wrath. But home was near. Mrs. Hardwick did his chores eadefully, set out the bet supper the cabin afforded, and watched anxiously in the fading light for his coming. 1Her wretchedness and dread increased as night came on and she saw the rising clouds. t had been the hardest day to hear since Marcy died. The doubts and fears that oppressed her had tenfold power a when daylight was gone. If she had only the most lugubrious and superstitions of her neighbors with her now, what a relief it would be 1 Still no footsteps. She threw herself into a chair, but could not rest. Suddenly, under an impulse she could not resist, she seized the sharpest axe anI rushed but in th -tcsy'-ý1x--i..oi Sh "t W -_ her folly, anid impore i fld to ',or the deceit she had practised and o te t aestruc tion of his tree. The blinding lightning dazzled her.-The thunder shook the earth Shadid notr qluail before them till she reached the-wrint g s willow. Then for a moment she shrank. She dared not lift her eyes tward the well known seat her dead child in the lowern branches. She hesitated but a moment.fo The lightning showed her where to srike The tomaing branches seemed to clutch at her , and shriek as in agony, and ther blows fel fast and well, and te steel neared the tree's heart and the uncorrup treasure. Breathless, exhausted, Mr. Hardwickr reached his threshold. There stood the n u touched supper ; the candle still burned ; the door stood open to the storm; his wife r was gone. In a moment he was again facingt the turbien night H ecriedout her name. The blast howled in response, and his voice died almost on his lips. iBt the same vind that bore his voice irom her bore the sound of her axe to him. As he reached the spring the lightning revealed him a sight that struck him dumb-his wife, with white lace and streaming hair, destroying with all her strength his cherished tree . Springing within reach of her, he raised his 1 arm in his excitement to strike her down ;1 but heaven spared him the necessity. That instant a blinding, stunning bolt of fire te rseended upon the spot. The tree wasahivered and scattered into fragneuts, but was blown from them as it felL It was riven toth very roots, and the air filled with splinters and bark and flying leaves. Mr. Ifrdi'ick fell senseless by the side of his wife. The wind wailed over them; the rain beat on their upturned faces ; the candle burnedlow and went out in the cabin. The husband awoke in bewilderment at last, as from a fearful dream, with the name of Marcy on his lips. Morning was near. The storm had palned. A calm sunrisecamne, and' with it asigs of life in the stricken woman. A fragment of the tree had sought Mr. Hardwiek'a breast and clung within his jacket. Clinging to that, once more on his bosom where it had rested so often before, was the golden treasure of .herihair, on scorched, us bright and sweet as when the san had kissed it la"t. " "Can you forgive me ?" the weak woman said, as she presued the hair to herfaded lips. "I know I done wrong. Can youforgive me fur eholipin' down your tree ?.-.'Twaa to give you ths hair I doneit. I never hadno peace sense I hid it. Helburgor put me up tod it." - " ^,Forgive yOU? Y?es." And he almost I kissed hrshe said it, hut seemed to think better of so unusual a proceeding. and con. tented himself with putting his hand very gently on her shoulder. "You didn't kill thew'ilter 'twos the lightnin'. 'Tsould '' struck it all the same. 'Twus God done it. e I'llnever say no more sgin your snperstitiOts a foolishness.' It saved suthin' that all the There's more in it thanI thought fer."-F-ra, a LpLiecinrs'ts iaontfky. 