REMINISCENCES OF A PIONEER. No.6. A PERILOUS SITUATION. Mount Korong was celebrated for the number and size of its nuggets. There was Very little fine gold obtained, and digging there was more like a lottery than in any other place in Victoria. A man 'might work for days,, 'Weeks, and even monitor.without .obtaining .the price of repaitinga pick’s.-point, and then tya single stroke, unearth a nugget or a nest of nhggets, which . would repay him for all his past labour,^and' handsomely .'reward him for his energy and pliick aa 'well.' Life atKorong was one long round of excitement, very much akin to gambling,"and many |of the wildest spirits in this colony were there assembled. It was very natural for men living lira high state of excitement to meet for the purpose of getting.rid of the ’superfluousanimal;spirits. The grog ehanty was the common, and indeed the only place-l'of ‘resort;."arid drinking, gambling, &c.; were indulged in until all hours of the night. One of the wildest and most intractable men at Korong waa'a; young fellow named Q—- Ho stood on “ manhood’s very edge,” and was possessed of . immense energy; his strength too was something exceptional; altogether, be was}a inan nmongst.men. One. who ; would attract attention, even at . that time,,-when : the colony could challenge the whole world for the ihtelligence, strength, and vigour , of its piople.' Early one morning, during' that darkest . hour which precedes the dawn. Q-—1- was -making his way home;- he bad been enjoying hiinself,' with some.born companions until his appetite was clogged, or his capacity of'drinking ex hausted; arid then started for his tent, which’ was'sitnated some distance.away; his road lay across the site of an abandoned rush, where the ' holes were close together,' and varied in depth froin a mere surface scratching to up wards'of .100 feet deep. , The practice adopted in sinking the r sbaft: had been to secure the surface with a rough set of timber, and then sink’ without the aid of slabs. The holes had been .abaridoned long enough for the action of water arid air to do its. work and cause the sides to fall in.. G— was threading his among these boles, and. as he had a little more than the usual remount, of drink - aboard; he. was correspondingly reckless and narrowly escaped many times from falling into, them, at last bis good luck left him and be staggered into one, clutching the timber around.the surface as be fell, and as bo held on, his body swung to and ■fro. likeia'pendulum. In the most frantic’ 'manner, ho tried to reach the sides with hie feet, so as to help hjmsolf up, but they had •caved in and; fallen; to, the. bottom until all [around him was like a cavern. The discovery |Of this fact sobered him, and he tried to steady ibis nerve's and’bring his . reason , to .bear upon Ibis’'terrible ' situation. Tie would ' have [screamed aloud, but it would have been no jnae, his. voice could have reached, no human ' ear.' No 'tent was' near, and no lone-was:. -likely -tor-be-:-out .-at - that time iof night or ;rather morning. Fortunately his. [grip was naturally strong, andrlt.. had - been [developed by bis previous occupation,.that of ja sailor. . . He tried to raise himaelf up by sheer, atrength of bis arms, but failed; the timber he !was banging:to was .too large l to admit of his •getting the proper grip, and' after trying, ’everything he.knew.gava. it up, and then for i the first tune fully realised all the, horrors cf ibis position.' He ’knew -that ’ his -lease of life [depended upon the time . .his arms could bus. 'tain the weight of his body, and that could bo ’ measured only by minute?.' Tharo ha hung, picturing to himself the deepest, holes ho had ’ any knowledge of, and trying to realise the , sensation of falling to the - bottom. Time and -"time again: he imagined himself falling down, down, down, until, his : reason tottered and the sweat poured from him [like rain. ' Therehe hung reviewing the 'past : history of his life, with the; rapidity known . only : to thought, a whole life-time being con densed into a few moments, and all the wrongs ihe'had been- guilty of starting up like so many ghosts of the dead, increasing his' . affright. There he hung clinging with all the 'despairing tenacioueneas of a strong man : whose whole soul revolted against a diesolu-. ;tion,'* Little by little ha felthis strength leaving , him, and hope died within; bis breast, he knew •he could not bold-out but a few minutes [longer and hie brahr reeled with the thought of-’ plunging into, eternity. The [agony was terrible. - Already ‘he fancied ! himself falling, and just as his. hands were ; relaxing' their hold, his ears [strained to their • utmost tension! caught the sound of a human ’voice. Instinctively his grip tightened, hope [revived, and life seemed once more within his ' grasp... . Collecting, all his strength for the ; effort, he - gave a loud; despairing cry, which [ was answered, and in a few seconds the passer •by was holding a lanteru over the hole, and •looking down said, ” Why don't you let go, [you fool; your feet are within a few feet of •the bottom,” and so they were. But the [effect upon him was the same as if it had bean •a thousand feel. The retrain upon his nerves •and his mental agony; were so great that be [ aged visibly, and in a short time became grey, .and presented the appearance of a prematurely old man. 