S HIIUSTLE .THEM IN Dedicated to the IFive.cent Lpdglinl-hoseu " WYILL OA5ILETON. ' ' Hustle them in, jostle them in, -s Many of nation, and divrsa of kin, SSall ow, and yellow, and tawny of skin r Hustle thoemn, bustle them, jostle thoem in!l it Handfuls of withered but suffering clay, B Swept from the east by oppiression away;: Baflled adventurers, conquered and piessed Back.from the gates of the glittering West: ir Menwhohavestruggled'gainstDestiny'sfrom?w Inch after inch, till she hunted them down; SMeon who with indolence, folly, and guile GI Oarelessly slighted Prosperity's smile. ' Scores in a tier-pile them up hero Many of peoples and divers of kin; Drift of the nations, from far and from neas Hustle them, bustle them, jostle them in? Islands of green, mistilyseen, Hover in visions these sleepers between; Beautiful memories, cozy and clean, Restfully precious, and sweetly serene, y Womanly kisses have softened the brow Lying in drunken bewilderment now: Infantile faces have cuddled for rest -Here on this savage and rag-covered breast. Lucky'the wretch who in Poverty's ways Bears not the burden of "happier days"f Many a midnight is gloomier yet By the remembrance of stars that have set. Echoes of pain, drearily plain, Come of old melodies sweet and serene; Images sad to 'the-heart and the brain Rise out of memories cozy and green. y Hustletlsem in, bustle them in, SFetid with squalori ahd reeking with gin. f Loaded with misery, folly, and sin Hustle them, bustle them, jostle them in I Few are the sorrows so hopelessly lrear' it ut they have sad.ropresentatives here; Nevera crime so complete and.confessed But has come hither for one night of rest, Seeds that the thorns of diseases may bear Float on the putrid and smoke-laden air; Ghosts of .destruction nr lhauntitg cndi \- brdath- Soft-stepping agents, commissioned by Death Crowd them in rows, comrades or foes, Deadened with liquor and deafoined with din, Fugitives out of the frosts and the snows, Hustle them, bustle them, jostle them in I Guilt has not pressed unto his breast All who are taking this dingy unrest: a Innocence often is Misery's guest; Sorrow may strike at the brightest and best. You from, whom shope, but not feeling, has Sfled, This is your refugo from pauperhood's bed; Timorous lad with a sensitive face, You have no record of clime and disgrace; Weary old man with the snow-drifted hair, Not by your fault areyou suffering there, Never'a'child of your cherishing nigh 'Tis not for sin you so drearily die. Pain, in all lands, smites with two hands; Guilty and good may encounter the test; Misery's cord is of different strands; Sorrow may strike at the brightest and best. Sympathy's tear, warm and sincere, Can not but glisten while lingering near. Edge not away, sir, in horror of fear; These are your brothers-this family herel What if Misfortune had made yoiforlorn With her stiletto as well as her scorn ? What if some fiend had been making YoiU sure With more tomptation than flelsh could ren duro ? What if you deep in the slums had been born, Cradled in villainy, ohristencd in scorn ? What if your toys hadsbeen tainted swith coime? What if your baby hands dabbled in slimel Judge them with ruth, Maybe, in truth, It is not they, but their luck, that is heer. Fancy ?our- growth from a sin.nurlured youth; Pityltheir weakness, and give thenm a tear, Help them get out ; help them keelp ot I Labor to toadli tlhem what life is sbout; 'Give them a hand'unonoumbered with doub : 'PoTd them and clothe them, but pilot them , outl.. Suffering mortals, whato'er they have been, Soonest can mend from aesistance?cithinS Warm them and feed thom-sthey're amimasl, then; Teach them and love them--they spring into \- men, You who 'mid luxuries costly and grand Decorate homes with munificent hand, Use, in omes measure, ysuretxquisiie sets For the improvement of minds aslid of hedr, Lilies must grow up from below I Whreo the strong rootlets are twining aboie; Goodness atld lionesty over must flow From the heart.ontrce--to blossom wilte-ul Wouldst thou discover Nature's true pa1h to happiness? Listen to hier first con"ainl: Labor I The hours fly swiftly to limi; .%oe ls daily occupation; a lifetime creeps away with the idle.,-Leopold. C79 