The reviewer of the Revised "Version of the New .Testament in the Q uarterlg ior Oc tober last includes the " Angelic Hymn" in Luke ii. 14, as a convenient passrige along' with the ending of Mark's; gospel, for. Uj" trial of strength" between himself and the revis- ers. As the passage is ; short; / it may he quoted at length as given in both .versions. The old is, "Glory to God in the highest, and on earth peace, good will: toward men." Tho new. is,;" Glory to God in the highest,; and on earth peace among men in whom ' he is well pleased." The reviewer's Ohjectiohs to this new version may he numbered as follows (1). The new reading is a "most grievous perversion of the truth of scripture." (2). The rendering.is " impoBsihlc" on grammati cal grounds. ' (3). The exquisite harmony of the "three-part hymn which the angels sang on the night of the nativity becomes hopelessly marred, and its structur.al symmetry de stroyed by the welding of the .second and thirdmemhersi of the sentence into'one." (4)1 Tb'cqld reading is "vouched for by every known copy of the gospels of whatever sort except ing only Aleph ABD." Also these are Vfourcodices without a history or a charac ter which concur in upholding a patent mis take." (5).- There is a " torrent of patristic authority" in favour of the old reading, in proof of which 50 passages are referred to, from authors in all parts of the world as then known. (6). '"To pour into the ruined citadel just. enough of shot and shell to lo.ave no dark corner standing for the ghost of a respeclablb doubt hereafter to hide in," he- makes calculations to show that tho foiir 'uh- Cinls .A 1 cull A -T!) en fci i n tin f.nti nnm I'i n n . tions, showing 70 variations. _ Taking these in their order:(l) the two ver- sions are given above, where is the perver.sion of scripture truth in the translation given by the revisers? Unless it is to ho gathered from the remarks on- the other points the re viewer docs not even make the .attempt to show any inconsistency between the words given by the revisers and any other portion of scripture. Of course there is great virtue . in audacious statements: 'Create a prejudice at the outset and it will he hard to overcome it. The reviewer is . evidently in his old groove at once, namely, of wholesale assump tion of the' very thing to ho proved. How- evor we shall carefully watch for anything inconsistent with scripture in the course of farther examination. (2). IVe are told the new version is " im- possihld'' on grammatical grounds.' Here the reader may he reminded that the whole con troversy turns on one letter. The word for " good. will'! .is eado/aa. / Now the question is whether this word should he in the nomin ative case— eitrZo/a'a, or in the genitive case — eufZo7«as. The four oldest. MSS. give eudnJcias. AW, or very nearly all others (of the Greek text) give cudolcia. From what we have already seen of the handling of the MSS. we expect, what is the fact, that the re visers have accepted tho evidence as in favour of eudoMas, and have translated' it accord ingly. In the margin they put' the note to the word peace. " Many ancient authorities rosA peace, good plmsure among m And to the word men they attach the note, " Greek, men of good pleasure." Here, then, the re viewer says, the genitive involves an !' impos sible" cqmbination of vvofds grammatically considered. On the other hand two4hirds of two dozen revisers think it quite possible, and their, ; American brethren agree ,>vitli them. However, ; let it be granted . that; ! .theicoiir- ageous reviewer may be right and a couple of . scores of revisers, British and American; may be wrong. For has not a: learned German, Bornemahni, proved that' the genitive mdoldas is at variance with the usage of the Greek language in the New Testament ? But most fortunately another learned Gorman, Cremer, has proved, that it is quite- in accordance with New Testament usage. He points to "chil-. dren of wrath" and " sons of the kingdom" ris paraflel passages tb,|l men ,qf good ploas- urie." In these cases ' brges "(of wratli) and endb/rjos (of , good pleasure) -are, precisely, parallel. . On great subjects pebillia'r phrases arise. ;A11 men in a Christian c'ountry know' what is meant by such ah expression as the', " Doctrines of Grace," although it is very elliptical; In Psalm cx.xx. v. 4, wo have,, "MZith'thee, is the foiigiveness" (Heh.) al- ' though!; the . Psalmist had , not specified ' any particffiaf ' fofgiveness. In ' the ca.se of tho | convinced sinner there is only the forgiveness Avhich .is of any value to him.: .. . ' The .noun 'cMtZo/aa (gdod-will/occurs nine, times ihftlic N. T., and the verbal form eudo- , Aco occurs 21 times. The noun is employed in the address , of Christ to the Father, " for - thus \yris good Avill in thy presence" (iVIat. xi. 14 ; .Luke x. 2y. Here the. subject is the .great purpose of mercy to an elect remnant. On the othoi: hand the Father uses the verb towards the Son. This is my son " in whom I am well pleased" (liixt iii. 17 ; Mark i. 11 : Luke iii; 22). ' The intrepid reviewer pursues the subject into the Latin version and the Latin Fathers. His perfoi'inances here are quite acrobatic. - But what is the net result ? Apparently so early as the third century wo have tho " impos sible" gOnitivo. " Pax hoininihus home volun-> toZw.' , Peace to. men of good pleasure." . The reviewer asks questions in tho most tri- umpharit', style. So here. Who now will deny the intrepidity of the critic - who can keep the semblance of argument in the face of his own witnesses ? , (3. As to marring the symmetry of the hymn, of course wc noticc'how consistently the reviewer starts with the assumption that he has got the very point to ho settled. However, let us proceed. What arc the three parts of the hymn ? They cannot refer to God, angels and men, for these are common to both versions ; nor can the question! he one of locality, "for in the liigliesf," the ! aerial position of the angels and the earth are also common to both versions ; nor again is it a question of the three terms, gloiy, peace, '. and good will, for all these terms come in ac-. cording to both versions. , T submit if there is any mysterious virtue in the " three part hymn" that these proportions arc pretty weU preserved in the new! version. But is there a three part arrangement at all ? Is not the real division a twofold one between God in ' the highest and men on earth ? : There is glory to God, and peaee tojmen through the good will of God;. What is jjeace on earth witiiout the divine good pleasure operating in men's hearts ? Is not tho peace on earth further e.xplaiiied by the good toZZ among those who are removed from being " children ! of wrath," to become " men of the good. plea sure" of the Almighty? Que of the very ! emdiest remarks on the passage is from a La tin! source. . "The peace which the Lord does not give upon the earth is not the peace of good ioill"(hmide vokintalis) whore, oi course, wo liavo the " impossible" genitive again. (4). Here. the reviewer merely takes an other fling at the revisionists for accepting the evidence of the four oldest MSS. in the world against whole cartloads that were written, nearly a thousand years afterwards. His dis pleasure at this point breaks out constantly in the article. He speaks of the " tyrannical ascendancy" which these few MSS. have ex- - erciscd over the minds of critics! during the last 20 years. He regards it as a reverence for aiitliority which inn'st take rank as a super.stilioii. Of course lafiguagc like this ! can he adapted to various circumstances. Wo may speak of the Bible e.xertihg a tyrannical- ascendancy over the minds of Luther, Calvin, Zwingle and others, and of their reverence for the Word of God as mere superstition, poccptivc language can always he used. ' It is not so long since a diplomatist formulated the sentiment that speech was given to man to .enahle him to deceive his neighbour. But there , is a double complaint at this point. Not only does the reviewer kick agaiiist the four oldest MSS., but he must cast up to them that they are without a history and without a character 1 Thi.s is good I Only one would like to know what history hay.p' nino out of every ten of the 1800 MSS. availa,hlo for determining the text of tho N. T., beyond the very simple fact that there / they are ? In geology we have tho Eosooh canadcnse, the oldest fossil organism as yet known on this planet' Now this was only found a.few years ago by Professor Dawson. ; I shall hot attempt to find out how inaiiy ! hundred millions of years the geologists as cribe to the antiquity of this organism, hut notwithstanding its venerable antiquity how - contemptible it must he without a history and without a character !- All the same tliere it is, and it is making a history very fast. So are the MSS. Alepli A B D. The utter inconsistency of of the reviewer in dealing with the MSS. has been already repeatedly shown. On one' page they are worthless, on the next they: are conclusive witnesses. - Throughout his article: he has frequent! occasion to exhibit: his displeasure against that little hand of five witnesses, yet he cannot get on -svithout them. Just listen to this. ' " Let no one suppose we deny their extraordinary— their unrivalled critical inter est—nay their actual wse in helping to ' settle .the. text of scripture." This is pretty good I .But of .cburse with a critic such !as we have in hand: there must he a little see-sawing. iHence. the qualifier : " What we are just now insisting upon is only the depraved character of the codices Aleph A B C D; especially of .Aleph B D." All which / being' interpreted ' means when they agree with the critic they possess extraordinary— nay unrivalled inter est and value ; but when they testify against the critic's fancies, their innate depravity is thereby proved to their " own effectual con- idemnatiou." (5). As to -the " torrent of patristic autho rity," the reviewer ' give's a large number of specific references, b'oginning with , Irenaeus, Origen and others, hut iio specimen passages are produced. This is so far unfortunate, as the iinmerous works specified are not retidily acccssihle. After what we saw before of references to Eusehius and Victor of Antioch, it is most desirable .to verify the references. Hbwe-ver; forturintOly at another point, the reviewer' gives a considerable number of ac- tuar quotations These we shall examine hereafter. ("6). The conclusion is intended by the re viewer to he a magnificent display of fire works. The parting salute of " shot and siielllVare to.demolish the last remnant of a liiding':place for those ill- starred revisers. And ' wiiat do we get after all this terrible drum-thunder which seeins to have been so cbiivin'oing to the editor of the Witness ? The old inagic., tricks with numbers ! ; The four un'cialkenter into ten coinhinatiqns, and result , in the awful number of 70 variations ! . Alas for magic tricks. Tlie hewondermeut is quite delightful so long as yon arc ignorarit of the wav in which' the wonders are perfprriied. But the moment the trick is ;seeh and under- Btood tlie coniuror may pack up and seek new spheres o1 usefulness iii , ,hik 'particular line. All J require. to say is tlmt it was Exceedingly considerate in the critic not to tvork up, by permutatibhs,' coinhinations, in arithmetical , and gebm'etrical ratio, his variations to 70,000 instead of the' modest number of 70.' So much: move; then, of the performance or the " niaslei; mind" ivho; so naturally caught tlie eye of the editbivbf the 'Witnis. We have seeii how the champion scholar i Syd ney has been distressed at the authority of four or five of the earliest uncials carrying so far with critics. It is the 'tyro's difficulty— tlie Pons Asinorum of textual criticism of the N. T., and 1 know of no way of getting across it but by studying the subject. But there are other directions from Svhich objectibhs come against the authority . of these bid' MSS. The, critic speaks of texts which .have'bcen in pos session for so many centuries, He expresses his firm belief in, external evidence which seems, somehow, in his mind, to be to a large extent independent of the evidence of the oldest witnesses. All this is perfectly intelli gible. The most .gigantic 'fictiohs that ever were concocted were the " decretals" on which the Gliurch of Rome built her greatness. By Churcli authority these elaborate fictions were ; pronounced' 4p . be facts,; and they ruled the world as '. facts during hal f a inilicnnium. The external evidence in their favour was the terrible argument of the power spiritual and temporal of tho most awful tyranny that ever crushed tho human intellect. Here were, fictions in possession for many centuries — and yet they must luinhlo d'own with ."liideous ruin 1" Only the tiutii will stand. The .very Jesuits have to disown the " decretals" as fictions, as sheer fbrgerie.s. Now in fiealing with the ' sacred' text siinll we go by evidence, or shall we go partly by evidence and partly by our own fancies and predilections? This is really the question l aised by the reviewer. Drs, West- cott and Hort with ; enthusiastic ardour have been studying 1800 MSS. for a ' quarter of a century, shall we pitch their work overboard, and request the editor of the IFthifiss to give us a Greek text of the New Testament with six weeks' notice? (To be continued.') 