TRAINING NOTES. FLEMINGTON, FEB. q. It was a nice cool morning, work com mencing early. Coffey's were the first to business, Eros galloping a brisk three-quar ters of a mile; the balance of his string were doing gentile exerciBe. Mary, who looks im proved, was going slowly. Tyropean was doing useful preparatory work on the tan, ana afterwards on the sand. . Viceroy and Royal Consort worked in com pany, and they strode along for three- pacts speed the last roand of the tan. Elsinore and Sea Serpent were doing nsefol exercise. Brother to Barmaid, a brown horse, was striding along on the tan track. Young Alfred strode along on the outer forgopa briik exercise, Scipio joining in the hist round. . Trevallyn and Hyacinth worked in com pany on the tan, they polled on to the sand and ran sharply for fire furlongs. Junius, John Peel, ana Viking were doing useful ex ercise. Mr. H&iiiea; had The Ghost on the .tea^k, and he cantered him Blowly; this horse looks big and healthy. Sir John Moore jnw cantering, parriwell was working slowly. Baron von Mueller strode along for brisk exercise on the io, Guesswork, aud Lulu did steady exerciBe on the sand. Pilgrimage, looking well, was doing nice pace work on the outer. ' Bandalbion was working. Euclid aud Beau fort were In company, and they went twice round the outer track. Skipper was striding along for half-pace work. Kit Nubbles and May Queen stretched out for five furlongs at « sharp gallop. Sir Samuel was working <slowly. Marchioness did useful work on the sand, whilst Nightmare was doing the same on the tan. Lucy was cantering. Songster, Blue; Ribbon and Squire were all on the tracks fT(|OT»ing. Diamond and Star of the West worked together ou the outer track. Langu lac was striding along for oBeful work. Boree ran five furlongs at a brisk pace. Swiveller went twice round the ground _ at a canter, lie hiving done a good working gallop the morning previous. Miss Jane cantered twice round the tan. , Zambesi was doing a long canter. Darebin and Terrible Billy worked ~ in company. Alert strode along twice round the tan for strong work. Consie ^went twice sound the outer track for semceableexerciBe. First Love was on the tan, cantering. Hieroglyph and Gazelle rere also on the outer track working. Bushman was cantering. Coriolanus and Pawnbroker cantered round the tan'; afterwards the latter strode along for some brisk pace work, the Champion winner going slowly; he looked bright and well this morning. Crystal and King Lud worked separately for slow exercise. Josephine was on the track. Fryingpan, who appeared fresh, was going along at a brisk canter. Bril liant was going slowly, and seemed very fresh. Ha warden and Huntingdon strode along liulf pace after cantering. Miss Stockbridge -moved over five furlongs at a brisk pace. Mr. Glasscock's Btring did slow exercise-the Snowden horse, Jack, Skylark, Pakenham, and Salvage. Cripps had Manchester, Venture, Liberty, and Topsy doing work. Prince George, My Lord, and Modiste were ; cantering, and finished op at half pace. Paul and Loiterer were working in com pany. Cora was striding along at hall gage' Attache and Chatterer, after cantering,1 moved round the tan at a brisk gallop. Lai-pent alone worked on the tan. Aspen was on the flat, walking, she showing signs of soreness after work the other morning. PatriarchooltandBoeworthwere^oingwork < on thesandfors poaple of round*: Hyllos was working, and afterwards jumped over the hurdles. Will-'o-the-Wisp. Corinne; and Hoederet stretched out over five furlongs at a sharp pace. Lung's horses-Commotion, Pell MeU< and Poliio-ksantered a mile and a half, King of the Vale doing half-pace exercise on the tan track. Wellington was on the fiat walking Cripps had a usefnl-looking horse in British Lion, by John Boll, on the track, going i slowly. A lew other horses-were cantering. ' ?5 ? FLB MINGTDN, Fro: 7. ; There was a sonth-eastoOy ifrind b!o thife morning, and it was vtoy bleak and ) 'MoEriaon %r»s ait trattness by feeep & hegsvehishoraea good brisk wont. botbam was out with Swiveller at 5-tft heseirt him * mile and for* good working gallop, accompanied tjr [annSonessandNightouxe.' Ahrownhorise jtother to Barmud) mnd Mary did mildt xcrcise. f. «???-' v.!'» , Tyropean wasdoinggeutie exercise on the outer-thtg is* ferynioe sharp filly. Elsinore didaosetnl working gallop of two miles and l quarter. SeaBerpentwas cantering. Royal ; and Vioereyin company weredoing _jon the outer track,where they strode, ;>£oc fivefutloogs «t abciskpace;after t>Viceroy worked<»4hp tea .track, SMSMBio was 4cdng workj: as aUo were Ifruaad .Gnesswork. on: the sand. .Baron i-MoaBer i*a».on*he Ik and. didthree stipi^ ^ Ga»tii^g, ^Bt^ <Bio^ ftt i mutterr r,]Mf> I IrMCjlfft li wotkipg igy) op m a «gl» yj6«s«n,weDt ££E&Ksce; 01 io &!i 'v'i fi ab'ixT.ti smmajj >pa6« wwfciwisfcJKrond joutihelasU anile j^doini.agoctfigslkwLBDfee < we#e lining tone JttarP work J . thettfoJ< y«arii6<tar4aptnved i .«faMi Mr. tojuobtMat jjthoO , jet me COt 1o " "-'i nUriuU q;^. 4h« cantered 011 the tan, when the two former stretched oat for a good gallop for a roand. Bushman and Proverb were on .the tracks. Huntingdon and Hawurden cantered. Man chester did naefoi exercise twice roand the outer. Topsy and British Lion were doing similar exercise. Harp of Erin was doing mild work. Glasscock's team-Jack, the Snowden gelding. Skylark, and Pakenham were all treated to good strong work. Hiero glyph and Gazelle were doing good work. Fryingpan and Sir Samuel went for Blow exercise. Bosworth and the Patriarch colt were doing some half-pace work twice roand the oater track. Prince George was cantering, Viking, John Peel, and Junius strode along briskly for abont five furlongs. Cumberland, after a Bpell, was on the track cantering, Paoli and Loiterer, the latter of whom was very fresh after a canter, galloped sharply for fire furlongs. Brilliant was cantering. HylloB Btrode along for good work on the tan. Whisper cantered. will-o'-the-Wisp was doing UBefal-pace exercise on the sand. Mo diste went sharply on the sand. Larpent did good work on the tan. Aspen cantered on the sand, and seemed very fieah, kicking np her heels when she left the ground. My Lord, Attach^, and Chatterer were all doing work. Poliio, Pell Mel!, Commotion, and King of the Vale were doing cantering exercise, the two year old going at a sharp pace for three furlongs. Corinne and Roederer were doing work in company. Lenore was doing cantering work on the tan. The outer track was in very nice order this morning, it having had a good drenching yesterday. The ranger has procured a hose of some 7ft or 8ft in length, which conducts the water much better than the ordinary pipe, and acts very weU. 