^ ? | sw m ]g ~m &\- --- m jt\\- mJ^Y* «rC4 tAJC K7r« ^ ? I ? ; ? BETWEEN EBB AND FLOW. By the Author of 'Castle of Caiius,' ' Loiiu Roth's Sin,' &o.;, ia the Family Herald, GlIAPTEK XVIII. On the evening1 before her wedding day Portia sat alone in her little cham ber. The lost rays of the sun fell slnnrinn-lj- across the room, touching the folds of the simile white dress lying' on tho bed, ionnin' a golden, trellis on the wall beyond. Portia, sitting on her trunk, already packed and corded, looked at that dress, at the chiiiz- drnped bed, at the two cane-bottomed chairs, at the sun-li»-ht on the wall papered with pink and fawn-coloured paper, at the label with ' Mrs. Robert Ord' written upon it lying on the dressing-table, at the strips of shabby Kidderminster carpet on the ilonr. sit the wooden wash-stund from which tin? yellow and brown paint was nearly all washed oft'; and, as she looked at these things, she felt in a dim way that she had come to a crisis in her life. A barrel-organ was playing 'Auld Robin Grny' a little way do.vn the street. Half unconsciously she followel the air, repeating tho words with no sense of their meaning. Later she became aware of their significance. Then , sho fell to wondering how Jenny felt whi u her lost iover once more stood before her, she being married to another. She pictured it nil- — tho surprise, the first flush of rupture, then the awakening knowledge of that awful barrier which stuod between them, the cruel parting, the wrenching asunder of two leal hearts, tlid dual settling down to a life of dull despair. Sho covered her face and wept bitterly. ' I wish that I were dead,' she moanod. 'Oli, Gerald, my Gerald, why did you die? I miss you so, dear, There's nothing in this 'weary world to live for now you're gone.' .??..?-.,.: This was the eve of her marriage-day. Often in the d.ys gone by had. she pictured herself a bride 1 avinsy the stately portals of Ravensweir a.'. Gerald's side. To so bright a dream this was the realisation ! Siio was to be married at a gloomy uhuruh close by, aud after the ceremony she was to \ro. lo Paris with her husband for a week. Meantime Sir Philip was to takfi up his ah de at the Dewly-prepared home at Richmond, where the great honour of the Baronet's permanent Society was to bo i.estovved ou his grateful sun in-law. ' I shall bo glad enough to get out of this infernal hole, I din tell you, Portia,' be complained, selfishly, to his dan liter. ' Of course your establishment won't be anything like it was at Ravensweir, but if you get a good cook, Portia — we may manage to get alnng somehow. What I've suffered lately in the way of dinners I could never describe.' Meanwhile Robert Ord was hurrving towards Laucaster-street with a little morocco case in his breast-pocket, con taining a present of jewellery lor Portia. 4pis heart was heating like a boy's, his g-.riiva lips were relaxed. He was happy, oh, how happy ! ,,_ So he hurried on to her he loved, ignorant that his sun was drawing fast to its setting, that his brief bright day was almost ended. Portia thanked. him for tho* jewels in the quiet, lifeless way that had become habitual to her ; while he — meeting her lips in a long clinging kiss, holding- the soft and delicate form to his breast — felt dizzy with rapture, suffocated with a passion of hnppiuess that was almost greater than he could hear — a passion that sent the hot blood in a flnme to his fiice, and rendered him, as nil deep feel ings did render him, speechless As he walked back to his ffice, passers would have noticed nothing in the grave sallow face to attract attention ; that the man's whole naturo wns lifted up in exaltation. He was deliriously happy in this hi-* last hour of happiness ; yet he found time to stop and drop a silver piece into the hand of . an old crossing sweeper wlio was bent almost double over his work. He hurried on, for ho hml a little bnsiues to complete, a few ilirec tinns to leave with his clerk, boforo leaving town for a week. He hastened on, nor dreamed that with every step he wa-i leavinir tho li-rht further behind nun — urnx uis tace was sec towards rue the darkness. Young Grunt was putting1 up the books for the night when Robert entered the office; the other clerk was gone. The accountant gave I. is directions in his usual clor business-like way. Then John took his c p and prepared to leave the place, first shyly offering his con gratulations on the coming event, which Robert as shyly accepted. ?' Any letters b_y tho evening post. V he asked. ' One, Sir,' roplied John, as he loft, i ho office,closing the door behind him. Robert lingered a few morn en Is over the books, tied up a skein of red tape and put it in its proper place, anrl theu he slowly drew the lerter from the pigeon hole and glanced at the envelope. Ho was accustomed to receive many letters. Every post brought, him a liittuh — letters from city firms, specu lation societies, Irom private clients — for his business connection wu* large. What was there in the appeurunoi' of this one to bring such a look of horror into his eyes uinl to make him drop into h s chair, shaking' like one in mi n.-riic- titl It was ii thin foreign envelope, wiilt the address written in a rather peculiar hunt! writing. it bore u foreign post murk and a seal bearing a crest — one hi; knew very well, for lie had seen it. often and often, nnd had snvoral times used the seal on which if. was carved to soil his own letters. He looked at it- now as one on the scaffold looks at the instru ment which is to deal out death to him — looked at it in dumb apathy, feoli g, knowing that it would kill his happi ness. He broke the swil slowly, curofuliy. with a calmness that was almost, stoical and read the lines traced on pule green foreign paper in upright but siugulurly legible characters. ' Hotel dn Ste. Marie, Madoria. .'My dear Boh, — After a long period, during which my mental faculties have been completely overturned and utterly incapable of perfoiming their natural functions, I- return to my right mind and to a dim consciousness of what is going on around mo. Unfor tunately, or, rather, 1 should say, fortu nately, I sickened with typhoid fever when wo got off the Madeiras, and was in cotisequcuco lofc here on the sick-list — a rather had attack, and very tediwus ; but thank Heaven, I'm bettor, though terribly pulled down. I learn by the English papers which I've been looking through that poor Aphndilc foundered off the Cape, that my uncle Fairfax is dead aud his two sons, and that Sir Philip Seftou is ruined. My poor darling Portia, how she muse have suffered, anil how my heart has ached siuco I lighted yesterday on the paper which tells about, her father's ruin! Well, thank Heaven I am spared to comfort her? No doubt she thinks, and has thought all these weeks, that I perished with the rest of those on board the Aphrodite. Go to her, Bob, and tell her I am alive, and only awaiting the doctor's permission to start once more for England. If you do not know where Sir Philip Sefton is, you can easily find out from the family lawyer — Tillotson, of Gray's Inu ; and please seud me the address, that I might write to her myself. I suppose poor Sir Philip is hiiiing in some obscure London street — and of course my darling is with him. I rejoice that I am in a position to marry Portia without further delay, for the death of my uncle anil his sons puts me in possession of the family title nud estates, and quite removes the necessity of my going to India. How strangely things have turned out ! 1 have written to Kate by this mail, and I have requested her to publish the fact of my safety in the papers. The distant cousin who has taken possession of my rightful inheritance will at once he called upon to resign it in: favour of your ever faithful friend.' ' Gerald Faihfax.' ' P.S. — Don't forgot to send me my darling's address.' Robert Ord laid the letter down, and as he did so he knew that his sun was gone down, and that upon him lay the blackness of night for evermore. Following closely upon the reading of that letter came a great temptation into Robert Ord's mind. He locked the door, and sat down in his chair to fight out the battle with his mind, with bis conscience, with his soul, with all that was noblest within him. Once old Jethro knocked at the door, saying his dinner was ready, but Robert answered that he was busy and could not be disturbed ; so the old man moved away, and the hours wore on while the accountant, with his hng'gard face buried in his hands, fought his con flict alone. ' Go to Portia and tell her the truth,' commanded his better nn-rel. . ' Tell her that her lover lives, that lie is no longer poor hut rich, and is hastening home to keep his vows to her.' ' I cannot give her up. Great Heavens I love her so, I will not give her up !' he groaned, in reply. ' Gerald Fairfax is your friend — will 3fou betray him ? Remomber David and Uriah, and the stern 'Thou art the man' of the prophet.' ' It is too late. If it had come a week — nay, a few days — sooner, or — Oh, pitiful Heaven !— but one day later, and I had been spared this strug* le, I would have told her ! but to-morrow is my wedding-din-. I cannot tell her now. It is too late.' ' It is not too late to tell the truth; thore is yet time, for she is not vet your wife,' thundered the voice. ' Slie loves Gerald — she does not love you. But j you say you love her. Prove it by going j to her with these tidings that you know : will give her such joy as your gold and your love combined are powerless to be stow upon her. Think of her happiness not vour own.' ' I have had so little happiness that I ; cannot, give up this,' he wailed. ' Am j I a block — a senseless thing — that I am ? to Ins accounted as naught ? Was I i born only to become a sacrifice for ? others ? i refuse to fulfil so cruel a I destiny !' ' Resist this temptation ere it is too ' late — ere the voicp that now warns you | becomes tho stern upbraiding of the ? oi the accusing angel. How will you. hoar the remorse that must follow ifyon persist in this act — How face the retri bution that must surely confront you ? Pray to be delivered from evil.' But to that, also he turned a deaf ear. | He would not pray, he would not plead to l-o delivered, lest strength might bo given nun to resist tins great temptation j and to put Portia from him with his own i nii'ls. No — a thousand times, no ! I If Portia was to be his only by sin. why, then he would si-i — ay ten times over. He must possess her, ho must call her ' wife,' Go honour, reason, truth, to ?he winds. Ho would hold her fast, his, his alone, no matter what the price. ' Give me Portia, or I die !' was the on'y prayer that fell from his parched lips. So he defied the warning voice that at length died away before his fierce defiance ; and the morning of his wedding day found him with a-hen lips and spent energies, with great drops of ugony on his' brow, and hands that trembled for t e first time in his life. Once before, when his choice hail laid between a life of ease and independence and one of toil, lie had fought a hard battle und had conquered. Jfow ? ****** White aud wan, almost ghost like in her pallor nud in her colourless drapery, yet with the glory of her youth upon her, und the beauty which sorrow had dimmed hut could not destroy shining star-like iu the twilight gloom of the silent church, Portia stood by Robert Ord's side before the altar. The words ' iSot yet a liar and a traitor' seemed written in letters offiroonhis brain. His whole nature seemed staggering before the coiuctn; lutioii of the sin he was about to commit, and ho heard as a knell the last warning of his better nature. Tho finul instant of the possibility of escape arrived. He looked at the sweet gi'1-face at his side, and then he was lost. The ' Not yet too late ' was changed to the irrevocable ' To late !' Oh, fool and madman, for such brief taste of bliss to take upon hiiruelf an eternity of remorse! [To be continued. | 