Whatever aiiis may bo laid to the cliargo of the Minister for Minos it cannot bo truth fully Baid that indilferonco is one of them. If tho particular branch of the public service over which ho has tlio honour to preside fails in its duty to tho public, it will cortaiuly not bo for want of onergy, nor yet for want of will. In bis long and exhuustivo trip through the northern district Dr. ltcnwick showed that he did not intend to allow liis personal conve nience to interfere with tho discharge of his public duty. His object was to malco himself practically acquainted with the requirements of tho country, and he has since shown ho is not a man to allow his good intentions to grow rusty. In our issue of yesterday wo published a notice of tlio initiation of a new department under tlio Ministor for Mines, tho object of which is to aid in tho development of tho great natural resources of tlio colony by means of the diamond drill. Tlint 6omo Ruch step was desirable has long been apparent to persons possessing a praetieal knowledge of mining, and it is not surprising, thcrofore, that the Minister, with an ovidont desiro to' do tlio right thing, should come to the same con- clusion. By means of the diamond drill < prospecting may be carried on at a mere fraction of tho cost of sinking Bhafts, and if all this wasto can be saved it is ovident that a permanent impetus must bo given to the mining industry. There aro hundreds of mines in which the margin between profit and loss is extremely narrow, and if the original cost of obtaining the goid is reduced, as it must be, by tho application of tho diamond drill, mines which otherwise woald prove failures would bocomo remunerative. As a matter of fact, the introduction of tho drill in Victoria has revolutionised mining. Bich reefs, which would never havo been explored under tho old and expensive system of work ing, have been brought to light, and the good effect of this improved means of prospecting is shown in tho largo and growing yields of tho goldfields. Hitherto gold-mining has been a system of groping in the dark, Little or nothing lias been known of the character of the country till the pick of the miner broke into it, and it would not he diffi cult to Gnd examples in which n quarter of a million has been expended in a fruitless effort to find a quartz reef. Now, however, the drill ia used, nnd mine- owners, before they expend a shilling iu siuking, arc able to ascertain exactly what they nro going for. It is highly satisfactory to find that the Minister hns not lost sight of this important advantage. But the mineral resources of New South Wales are not confined to tho " procious metal." We have tin, iron, copper, silver, antimony, coal, and a number of other pro ducts, in the dcvclopcment of which the diamond drill will afford tho most valunblo assistance. As an instance of the, rapidity with which a horo may ho put down, wo have only to turn to the grounds of the Bandwick Asylum. Within a few weeks upwards of 1000 feet of sandstone rock have been pierced, and tho formation of tho country for the whole depth is as well known as if years of time and heaps of money had been expended iu proving it by means of sbaftB. The use of the drill is not, however, confined to sinking vertical bores. They may he put in horizon tally or at any angle, cither from the surface or from the bottom of a shaft, eo that practi cally spoaVing every foot of a mino may he explored by its aid. It may be asked, seeing that it possesses so many advantages, how it is that mine-owners do not import their own drills. The reason is obvious. No mine requires tho permanent uso of a drill. In leas than a month one of those appli ances would literally perforate tho strata, and the shareholders would havo no further use for it. It is not an applinnce required in the ordinary working of a claim. Its function is to prospect, not to mine. In the hands of the Government the drill will he used to prove what the country is composed of, leaving, it to the miner to take advantago of whatever discoveries may he made. Tho encourage ment that this will afford to the mining in dustry of tho colony cannot fail to produce tho most satisfactory results. Tho advantage will be of a negative as well ns of a positivo character. It will not only indicate whero tho mineral sought for is to bo found, hut it will save the useless expenditure of largo sums of money by proving where it is not. It is not, however, in tho mining interest only that the department lias been formed. Tho intention is to boro for water in the pnrchcd-up portions of tlio country, and to assist in the formation of wells of a perma nent character along tho great highways of the interior. The outflow of tho rivers of Australia prove, after making full allowance for evaporation, that only a small proportion of tho rainfall flows in tho surface channels to the sea. The question that suggests itself is, what becomes of the remainder ? There can bo no doubt that it sinks into tho permeable strata, and finds its way Through caverns deep and fathomless Down to a sunless bcu. It will bo for tlio Minister to bring tlieso fer tilising BtreaniB to the Burfaco, and should ho succeed, as ho no doubt will, tho benefit to tho country as a whole will bo out of all proportion to tho trivial cost of the work. The new department holds out such hopes for tho general improvement of tlio country that it is difficult to say wlint particular interest will derive tho greatest advan tage. An abundance of water in the interior means largo yields of wool and meat, nnd experience proves that when tho pastoral interest thrives, thecountry, as a whole, is prosperous. Tho selector would benoiit in liko degreo by the establishment of perma nent streams and wells, nnd, besides the advantages derived froin the geological tests, the mining interest would reap tlio additional gnin of a copious nnd convenient supply of water.' No doubt, thero will ho portions of tho country which contain neither minerals nor water. In that caso it will bo of somo valuo to know it. In tho broad interior, however, thero will be largo areas abounding in wealth, and tho inauguration of tho Diamond . Drill Department may be hailed as tho first indication of a systematic effort to exploro the riches and improvo tho advan tages with which naturo has so bountifully endowed as. The Treasurer hns caused to bo compiled and published a " Handbook of Cnstom-honse "Laws, Practices, nnd Regulations," to which tho statistics of tho department for 1881 are appended. Tho publication is an in novation, because the official statistics are usually lato in tho year before they appear from tho office of tho Registrar-General. At any rate, it is an innovation that might he increased into a practice with general advantage. Precisely as the knoll for tho quarter hns been tolled, an abstract of tho revenue and expenditure issues from the Treasury. Tho Postmaster- Goneral is usually ready with his return at a tolerably early period of tho year, but as Mr. Brown and Mr. Oraeknell have been so busy bungling the telegraph service of tho colony they may ho a little later on this particular occasion. Tho Department of Mines usually has its report ready nt a reasonable time. Tho ComniHsioner of Rail ways might take to his heart tho lesson that, oven in Australia, time is considered of sufficient importance io cause a report of tho proceedings during 1881 to appear a littio lato if not out till near the close of 1882. In tho United Kingdom all such reports aro ready during tlio lirst quarter of the year, and frequently during tlio first month ; hut then, wo nro accustomed to think and speak of tho slow- going people nt home, and it is. easy to forgot that thoro tho affairs aro but those of a tight littio island or two, whilst in New South Wales we liavo an important section of a largo continent to deal with. However, it is well for us to got tho Customs returns, interesting to all, at this period of tho yenr, even if llioy aro tagged on to somo laws and regulations which, to tho generality of people, aro of in direct import. What might be suggested is that tho compiler should, if such n report be annually published at a season of tlio year sufficiently enily to render it interesting, pre face it by such an abstract nnd resume as is usually given by tho Registrar-General, tho Commissioner for Railways, the Minister for Mines, nnd tho Postmaster-General. Wo may conclude what wo liko from tho returns wo get, hut wo should like to know what opinion has been formed by a responsible oilicor who has had tho figures on his brains during tho wholo year. Thore was an extraordinary increase last last year in tho commerce of the colony. In 1880, our imports wero £13,950,075 and our oxports £15,525,138 — making a total of £2 9,175,213. In 1881, the imports were £10,0-19,503 nnd tho exports £17,109,320 — the total uoing £33,158,829. In the former year our commerce was £-11 8s 7d por head of the population, and in the latter very nearly £15. South Australia did stand at tho top of the tree, but the pride of place now belongs to New South Wales. It will ho observed chat what has been termed " tho balance of trade" is against ns, but this need trouble no one. Iu tho commerce of tho world the balance-sheet is against to tho extent of £111,000,000. In Great Britain it was 25 per cent, of tlio entire comraorco in 1871, nnd in 1881 it against to the extent of 19 per cent. It has been growing steadily against Australia for a number of years ; nnd here, ns elsewhere, the more it grows, tho richer tho country becomes. In only a few countries, steeped in poverty, does it appear — which used to be considered favourable. Not but that there are several large figures on the import side of tho Customs list which might bo advantageously reduced. Doubtless there are others on the export side which might bo profitably increased. It is impossible to look down the list of imports without being struck with the largo extent to which we aro indebted to foreign and other producers for articles of general consumption, (ho raw material of which is inde- genous to the country iu which we livo. During 1881 wo imported fish valued nt £113,971 — an increase upon the importations of tho previous year of nearly £73,000. Granted that a large portion was American salmon, nnd thero will remain sufficient to leave the question an open ono whother tho Fisheries' Act has been of much practical use. Wo had to pay, either in money or goods, for grnin and flour valued at £521,713 — a dccreaso of £00,000 upon the amount of tho previous year, hut still an unsatisfactory item. Despite tho efforts of our local biscuit-makers, we import about £12,000 worth per annum. Not withstanding that wo sent away preserved meats vnlued at £200,000, we imported others worth £92,878. We exported fruit vnlued At £110,000, but wo imported a value of £210, 55G. Wo required timber valued nt £208,881 from abroad, and jams nnd jellies valued at £85,513. The nbovo list might bo very largely added to, but it shows that our industrial resources were not equal to the production of goods vnlued at £1,335,261, nearly every pound weight of which might be raised in tho colony. Naturo is ready to do her part in assisting us to bring to perfection this very large nmonnt of goods, but superior indastrial craft clne- whero enables our cousins from over tho sens to send us an article that is more acceptable, for some reason or other, to tho majority of consumers. Tlieso things should not he so, and this is one of tho lessons that a study of this useful publ.cation brings home to us. Tho trial of Hicks, Barker, Ilorton, and Forsyth for conspiring to deiraiul tho Aus tralian Mutual Provident Society of tlio sum of £3000, now yoin;/ on in Adelaide, is ono of tho most extraordinary on record, not only on account of tlio magnitudo of tlio amount in volved, hilt of tho position which the criminals hold in society, 'l'lioy wero all four what is usually termed gentlemen, and two of them are doctors. Tlicy conspired to pass ns a "goodlifo" a man that was almost at tlio " last gasp," with the view of pocketing £2000 each from tlio various assurance societies through which tlioy had managed to siuugglo their "tjuasi mummy" as u sort of " young man from tho country." Barker, the confidential agent of tho Mutual, was tho father of tlio plot, which, like most other plots, broke, like a chain, nt its weakest link. Tlio weak link in this ease was Hicks, who for tho nonce assumed tlio sobriquet of " Dr. Ilicks." Ilo was left in charge of Weathcrhead, tho " dying man " with tlio " good life." Wcallicrliciul was likely to dio at any moment, but it did not suit the conspirators to let him die just then. If ho went off too suddenly unpleasant inquiries, perhaps, might he made. But what availed their good wishes for a longer lcaso of his life ? That arresting constable, Death, was knocking at tlio door, and Weatlicrhciul was dying in their arms with fright ! In fact, lie was now to them liko Eugene Aram's murdered corpse, or a ghost that coidd not bo laid. They shifted Weathcrhead from place to placo, but still their " burden " was for ever coming boforo tlio public, with all its gliastlincss. Tho conspirators took fright. T'licy resolved to cliango their pluns — instead of sending tlio (to tlicm) "neeiirscd thing" from town to town, they determined to send him from zono to zone. But, if tho land refused to harbour him, tho sea also was inexorable. The captain would not take him on board until a certain day. By that day the conspirators wore nil prisoners, und Weathcr head was dead — dead just four months after his lifo was assured ! They knew ha would dio soon, but tlioy did not think lie would dio so very soon. Weatherhend's dentil, instead of being a sourco of joy, was, therefore, on tho contrary, a source of extreme alarm to tho con spirators. Mysterious letters und telegrams now passed to nnd from Melbourne nnd Ade laide from Hicks, the into Weatherhend's body guard, to Barker, the chief of (ho -conspirators, whoso head-quarters was Adolnido. Hicks, liko a rnt whon ho hoars tho bark of a house-dog, was half beside himself with fear. Ilo was fidgety nnd incapablo. Instead of burn ing thoso mysterious letters and telegrams just received from Adelaide, ho merely tore them " up carelessly into two or threo pieces and throw them on tlio floor of his landlady's parlour. Few people tnko any notico of torn pieces of paper scattered about underfoot, but Ilicks wus fidgety, nnd tho landlady noticed it. Tho thought struck her to put tho torn pieces into their places, which sho did, and showed them to her husband, who in his turn showed them to Ilicks. Hicks affected a haughty indignation, and swaggered. Ho demanded tho restoration of his property. Tho landlord refused. Hicks ngnin began to funk, nnd so from swaggering lie descended to sup plication, from supplication to monoy. Ilo offered £100 for a peaceful restoration of tho suspicious fragments. But all in vain ; the landlord, like a true man, handed tlio " scraps " to tlio proper authorities, and Hieks and com pany wero cast into prison. Ilicks, who all throughout was a sort of pliant tool of Barker, wo seo was admitted us Quoon's ovidcnco. Tho result of tho trial will probably ho known to day or to-morrow. It is not by any means satisfactory to find that tlio Insurance and Hanking Record is un able to offer any explanation respecting tlio enormous increuso in the Victorian Savings Bank returns for tlio year ending 30th .June, 1881\. Tlio Record, in alluding to a former articlo in this journal, says : — " It is pleasant to " ho able to say that the ' surprise ' of our eon- " temporary at the astounding incrcnso of the " deposits must continue, for tlioy are precisely " what wo have stated." On receipt of tho returns in the early part of April wo assured ourselves of the fact that tlio increuso was as stated, hut wo havu looked in vain to our eon- temporary for an explanation of tiic eauso. In the whole history of tho Bank tlicro is notliin" approaching it. Prior to this thu largest im creaso on record was in 1857, hut that only amounted to £128;9-15 ; yet in 18SI the do- posits amounted to £573,273 over and ahovo the deposits of tlio previous year. T'lio increase for the single year was largely in oxcoss of tho accumulated increase of more than 20 years. Tlio figures aro as follows : — 1880 £905.502 I 1881 .. .. £l.i7Rim 1809\. -181,500 J 1880 .. .. 905,303 IncroaEO In SOyc.irs £120,802 | Iacrcnso lu 1 year £573,213 The increuso in 1881 was in point of fact £152,411 over and ahovo tho gross incrcaso of tlio previous 20 years. And yet tlio Insurance and lianking lieeonl hns nothing to say iu explanation, except that it "is pleased our " surprise must continue." We aro afraid our contemporary will not improve its reputation as a financial authority by such a confession of its inability to clear up tho mystery of this remarkublo increase. Sir Henry Parkes has made good use of liis lirao during ms Hying visit to America nnd England, wuerovcr ho has been, lio hna shown ihqfc ho is a worthy representative of New South Wales— an opinion that has been endorsed by tho many dis tinguished pcoplo who hnvo done him honour. Ity tho latest nowa to hand, we lenrn that Hir Homy has returned from Warwickshire, and was enter tained by Mr. Gladstone nt dinner on Wednesday,' Out "Australian Ciu5.tr ' 1 has not many mora- worlds to conquer, and his lima ut homo is drawing short, He haa to bum Sydney late in July, rag' ho must leave England for New South W«1m nt,., the middle of next month. What other raw. SiV Henry will achieve during the remaining weeks yet at his disposal are for tho wires £ chronicle. " 10 The dynasties of England havo enjoyed one nr. eminence in history— Seldom has the life of it regnant monarch been attempted by nolitie, would-be assassins. The regicides in jWc ahS invariably turned out to bo either muiiadw, crack-brained men seoking notoriety, it h», happened with regard to Roderick M'Lonn th! individual who tried to shoot Queen Victori, .. Windsor. With the news of tho attempt to kh Her Majesty came the information tl rr. no noliiin significance attached to it, and it must be cnt f, ing to every loyal heart to have this confirms £ the Royal Commission which Bat at Readine test M'Lean's sanity. The rage of a nation against the would-be reeicido must now perforce belong down to pity. Tho starved clerk, whore unnmyiirf hand fired a harmless shot at Queen Victoria i! hopelessly insane— suffering from mania ant dangerous to be at large. By the clement 1 which allows insanity to plead exoneration from crime, M'Lean has been acquitted j but he will h» detained in a criminal lunatic asylum durin" ller Majesty's pleasure. A cablegram received from St, Petersburg an nouuoes that the Government ndmits that outre upon the Jews have occurred in Southern lbuq. The Cabinet, it is confidently anticipated, will now adopt stringent measures to protect the Jewish families in the southern part of the Empire In another column will bo found further moo! of tho authenticity and extent of the Russian out rages on the Jews. In the House of Commons on March 3, Baron do Worms, the member for Green, wieh, called attention to the outrages in question and moved a resolution calling on the Government' either in concert with other Powers, or alone Io use its good offices with tho Russians to prevent the recurrence of similar acts of violeuee. Admit, ting the gravo responsibility which he had under! taken, he justified his action by the precedent of Mr. Gladstone in the Bulgarian atrocities and by tho terrible sufferings of his co-re-' ligionists. As to these, ho contended that the consular reports were quite unreliable, and summing tip theao atrocities, lie said that 201 women had been outraged ; 50 Jews had b»eu killed, and 70 wounded ; 20,000 were homclcs' and 10 millions of property hid been wrecked! Tho connivance of the Russian Government he held to be proved, nnd, though he did not ask for any formal diplomatic interference, he thought that representations might be made which would pre. vent the recurrence of these terrible events, la the dcbite which followed many lion, members expressed their feara that a remonstrance which was not backed up by forco would only lead to a retaliatory despatch, which the Government wouif have to put up with ; and as Mr. Sergeant Simon (De.vsbury) nnd Mr. Arthur Cohen, Q 0. (South- wark) also thought that n remonstrance would do mischief, nnd that it was not deeireil by the head) of the Jewish community, the motiua was with drawn. Wq unwittingly did Mr. Charles Stuart Tamel! nu injustice yesterday. For some days it has ban stated in cablegrams that his parole was only to last a week. It now transpires that ho obtaimd a fortnight, nnd is to return to Dublin oa Monday, It is s aid that he has retired from Paris to esoapo the importunity of interviewers. It appears that New South Wales is r.ot unhjie ns regards the obstinacy of colliers when th ir rights are nt stake, Ono of our cable messngii to day nnnounces that n strike of the minors at Wioxham, in Wales, has taken place. Tlio Welsh colliers do not appear to bo imbued with the sane nmount ot moderation as the Borehole miners, for they became so riotous nt the offices of the pit, that the military had to be called out to quell tho disturbance. The larrikanism of Australia is nm a hackneyed topic among our public men, but it ii evident that in the present instance the sunny eouth has the best of the argument so far as nn observance of the proprieties is concerned. A measure of great importance to members cl Parliament and their constituents was rend a second lime in the House of Commons on Wednci. day last. The Bill, it is said, provides that the necessary expenses of candidates at elections shall be recharged to the voters. As the scheme hns re ceived the support of the Government, it is highly psobablo that it will become law : nnd there can be no doubt that its operation — if the Act prove workable — will bo beneficial to constituencies in mnny different ways. For example, it should re duce the multifarious throng of would-be legisla tors to decent proportions at election times: for we may rest assured that when the " free and inde pendent " voter knows that he has to contribute towards the payment of the piper, he will take care to allow only a limited number of champion to enter the lists. It is expected that the Commissioner (the Hon, J. Bowie Wilson) recently appointed to visit Lord Howe's Island, nnd investigate the complaint made against the Resident Magistrate, and at the sin; time to make himself acquainted with the resources of the islnnd, will furnish tho Government with a report in the course of a day or two. Wo were enabled to anticipate our con temporaries with the news that Bintum, the "boa showman " of America, intended to visit Australia in a few months, with the wholo of his mammoth establishment. It is, indeed, gratifying to learn that our Premier's mission to the United Statel has not been entirely barren of results ; for we are nssurcd upon high authority that Sir Henry's elo quent panegyric of his adopted country nt a recent dinner_ in New York, has been the mcani ol attracting to our shores, the most enterprising amusement caterer of modem times. The CTontnrf libel fund hna reached the required dimensions to release the imprisoned journalists, Messrs. Ilnynes nnd Archibald. The committee have wired to several of the country districts as to results, and the replies show that Newcastle con tributes £110 j Wagga, £10 ; nnd Tarn worth, £10, If the subscribers who have not yet paid up will forward their cheques to tho treasurer. Mr. O. H. Dibbq before noon to-day, tho victims of tho law, Messrs. Ilnynes and Archibnld, will have an oppor tunity of enting their Sunday dinners in the bosoms of their respective families, or with their triends. No doubt the Sabbath roast will taste better, cut more tenderly, outsids tho dungeon walls than within them, notwithstanding tho sympathises turkey nnd the compassionate goose so often for warded hitherto to the martyrs, _ A weekly contemporary— we need hardly men tion its name — seriously dubs Professor Dlnckie as " the godliest of mathematicians, nnd the most mathematical of godlies." Now, it is notoriom that tho eccentric Edinburgh professor of Greek has always regarded the above exact science as bis letenoir. He's a "dab" in the classics— especi ally Latin ; and, as for godliness, liis best friends know that his tastes are decidedly inclined towards Free thought, Indeed, ho is rarely, If ever, seea inside a church nowadays. Instances of careless driving in crowded thoroughfares of tho city are not of rare occurrence, nnd tho wonder ia that accidents therefrom nrenot more frequent. Yesterday nt tho Central Polics Court n man named Arthur Holme3 was charged with carelessly driving a public carriage, carrying passengers, so ns to endnogcr one Mary Aun Neilb The caso was adjourned till next Wednesday, Seill being in tho Infirmary, nnd not able to attend the Court to give evidence. Both divisions of tho Central Police Court were occupied during the whole of yesterday, tlio charga sheets being unnsnally full. There wero ool? tie or three cases of any importance, however, and a number wero postponed for different reasons, nmong them being n perjury case in tho Small Debts Court, To-dny will also be n busy one at the Central Court, as in addition to the ordinaiy policu business, there will bo a sitting of ths Licensing Bench. Two young gentlemen, named Wm. Ward and John Corliss, whose morals the paternal Govern ment of this country had been striving to improve through the medium of the Industrial School, made their appearance at the Central Police Court yesterday in the character of penitents, who "were very sorry," and wouldn't do it again. The "pater" of each was present, and the youngsters were dis charged (in terms of the Industrial School Act) to the custody of their parents. The second annual exhibition of tlio Sydnoy Canary Society opens nt the Temperance Hall t'J" dajq and judging from tlio number o( onl'Cj received tho show should be a grand ono, and well worthy a visit. All Use loading fanciers nro cab'' biting, and the number of birds to be staged will exceed -100. Tho committee havo spared neither trouble nor expense in making this the pre®'' leather show of the year, and wo trust tho pub'O will appreciate their efforts. Tho show will ha opened by Mr. Walter Bradley, president of W society, at noon, and will comprise canaries of all kinds, canary mulos, goldfinches, and other cage birds. Weather permitting, tho band of the Nelson » perform in tlio Botanic Gardens on Monday a»cr noon next, between 3 nnd G p.m. Yo Fnyre of yo Olden Tymo at St. Mary s Cattc dral drew a large concourso of people ycstcnl-yi nnd tho programmo of tho previous day was re pented. To- morrow, n vaBt number of sucuaf pigs, goose, See., wilt be put up to auction, and taa , Fnyre will bo continued next week. i Tho Oldo English Fnyro was crowded again yes j Icrday, and tho programme of the ilav was cam I out in ita entirety. There will be no ndditio""1 I prico charged for entraneo to-morrow, but to IM I closing ceremony in the concert room Is cxlra ivm I be charged. Tho Fnyro will ntsolulcly oloso at e p.m, on that day, and the Lieutenant- Governor . I dcclaro this nt 3 p.m., accompanied by a proces-ioa I of all Indies in lull costume and oihccrs of " " I Fnyre." This ceremony will bo most imposing. I Tho 1'rotcclioii nnd Political Reform Leacuo md I last evening at tho Temperance Hall, when to8 J proceedings of Iho past week wcro lully ihtcusscOi -4 and considered highly snti&factory.; Arrangomonli .Vj were mado for holding the. next public met tragi. J at- 'which' Mr, lieydoii, M L.A., will deliver aii j address at the Temperauco J4a(l on the prlnopl!y| i M advocated by the League. The date is to be de termined at the next regular Council meeting on Tuesday, 2oth instant. Correspondence was read from Mr. Manuel, of Melbourne, in reference to hispampblets ; from Mr. Vaugbnn, M.L.A., regret ting his unavoidable absence (through illness) from lhe meeting of Monday lastj from Mr. Jansen, npbroviug of, the Lcagffe proceedings; from the febretnry of the Trades and Labour Council ; nud from Mr. Reese, secretary of the Queensland League, introducing Mr. Widdop as the delcgnte from that colony to tliis League, A resolution wns passed thanking the Qucenrland Lenguo delegate for his attendance, nnd reciprocal ideas were exchanged. Mr, Widdop returned thanks, and in a short ad dress acquainted tho Council with the principles which guided the Queensland party. The meeting then adjourned. The reception of the Mayoress of Sydney (Mrs. Harris) will be held at the Town Hnll on Friday, 2Sth instant— not to-day, ns originally an nounced. .. The Wellington correspondent of the Otago Daily Tiiites, telegraphing on April 9, says : — "It is rumoured that there is a probability of Sir Hercules Robinson coming bnck to New Zealand as the suc cessor to Sir Arthur Gordon, It is known that Sir Hercules is very desirous to return to this colony, and his friends in Wellington seem sanguine that his wishes will be gratified." A man named John Smith, 79 years of age, was admitted at the Hospital last evening, having been found in a weak and destitute eondilion by Con stable Johnson at Five Dock, He was ndmittcd by Dr, Sinclair. Phillip Hoffman, 35 years of age, described as a linguist, was charged nt the Central Police Court yesterday with stealing a diamond ring, gold locket, gold brooch, gold earring?, nnd £7 money, of the totnl value of £50, the property of Michael Bo'and. Tho defendant was arrested on Wednes day by Detective Wigg, nt Parramatta. A remand was asked for nnd granted till next Wednesday. Among the " fair" sex in tho dock nt the Cen tral Police Court yesterday, was a womnn named Caroline Appieton, whom n lynx-eyed constable having seen in possession of a watch and chain, took into custody. Carolino was " known to the police ;" moreover, her general appearance was not in keeping with tho " portable property " afore said. Being charged nt tho Central Court with having a watch and chain (gold albert) in her possession, reasonably supposed to bs stolen, nnd being unable to give an account of how she got the luxuries, the defendant was sent Up to Darlincr- hurst for three months. A young man got into trouble through chnmpion- Ing the bad cause of his mother on Wednesday last. It appears that Constable Parkinson had arrested Mrs. Kahili (maternal relative of the young man in question), on a charge of stealing, nnd he had her in custody, when Sahiff came up nnd swore the constable should not arrest her, nt Iho samo time using very bad language, nnd calling upon some persons standing by to assist in rescuing the woman. Ho then picked up two metal stones, nnd threw them nt tlie constnblc, who had to let the womnn go in order to arrest him. This the con stnblc did, nnd .Michael Snliiff was charged nt the Central Police Court yesterday with reciting a nri- Eoncr to resist a police officer in tho execution of his duty. Tho Bench sentenced bim to three months' imprisonment. The delights of married li'o nro not to be found pictured in the police courts of this or any other renlm in the world. The contrary may be wit nessed nny day for nothing in those temples of the law ; but wife-bealing cases and domestic jars gene rally bnvenot been so frequent at the " Central" of late. Yesterday, however, several little differences were settled, one of them being the case of Mrs. John Aldons, who summoned her husband for using threatening lnnguago townrds licr. It appeared thnt tho defendant kad previously been bound over to keep the peace towards his wife, since when ho had been drinking heavily, and treating her in a most brutal and violent mnn- ner. Patience has its limits, even the patience of a long-suffering wife, henco tliC3o proceedings. The defendant was again bound over for six months, and this time, in the absence of sureties, was carried away to Darlinghurst in the Government omnibus. " Wasting hi9 estate " — such was tho charge pre ferred against a man named John Wills by his wife, Mary Ann Wills, at the Water Police Court yesterday afternoon. The proseeutrix, who resides at Balmain with her husband, stated that lie had been diinking for three months, nnd had exposed her and her children to want, and she had to gain a livelihood as best she could. The defendant did not appear, but it was alleged that he had been in Court during the day, had " got drunk," nnd had gone away._ Tho Benolt — consisting of Messrs. Dillon, Addison, nnd Buchnnnn — issued an order prohibiting all publicans nt Balmain from supply ing the defendant with intoxicating drinks for'tlie next 12 months. Senior-sergeant Atwill, now noting sub-inspector In charge of No. 1 Station, is evidently nn officer who intends to make his mark at the expense of the publican. His convictions aro already legion, and he was to the front again yesterday at the Water Police Court in counection with the licensing business, and securely " bagged bis game." At his Instance a publican named Jntnes Taylor Coffel, licensee of the Athol Gardens Hotel, wns charged with permitting music on his premises without having the sanction of the board. Thu defendant, as is reported in another column, pleaded thnt he bad nothing to do with the grounds where tho musio was carried on, and there wns some doubt at first as to whether there was a previous convic tion against him for a similar offence, but this was soon dispelled when Sergeant Atwill, with little or no prompting, stated that he hnd been previously convicted of n similar ofionce. The result wns that the Bench fined the defendant £20 and costs, leav ing it to tbo " sergeant and his men " to cancel, if necessary, the unfortunate man's license at tho forthcoming renewals. At the Water Police Court yesterday John Fraser, seaman, of the St, Monnn, wns sent to gaol for a month for neglect of duly. Annie Jones, a single woman, wns fined 10s for being drunk in Woolioomooloo- slrcet ; 10s or one month for using obscene langunge ; nnd £5 or two months for swearing in the Court while it was open lo the public. The defendant, on being fined on the first two charge?, commenced to use obscene language to the magistrate whilst being removed. She was then brought back, and fined tho amount last men tioned. A man named JameB W. Maltmnn, aged 50, and described as a printer, was charged at tbo Wntcr Polico Court yesterday, with attempting lo commit suicide by drinking cblorodyne. Dr. Twymnn deposed that prisoner wns taken to tho Hospital at 1 o'clock yesterday morning, suffering from the effects of drinking cblorodyne. He gave him an emetic, and ho recovered. Prisoner admitted to him that lie had drunk tho Btuff intentionally, as he was tired of his life, nnd thnt ho had taken arsenic and strychino before, Prisoner was suffer ing from incipient delirium tremens, and tho dose ho took was not sufficient to kill him. Prisoner in reply to the Bench said what ho Baid to the doctor was only said in fun. Ho was remanded till to day. Lieutenant Fredericks, who was left behind when the Russian Sqnadron quitted Victoria, in order to enable him an opportunity to restore bis impaired health, is about finally to quit the colony. On Monday, says the Melbourne Herald, in company with the Russian Consul, ho waited upon tho Honourable the Premier, to present his acknow ledgments for tho official and private courtesies he had received during his residence here. Tlie gentlemen to whom Mr. Julian Thomas (" Tho > agabond ") alluded on Wednesday evening when lie thanked them for inaugurating the banquet given in his honour, wero Messrs. T. Wilton, H. Arrowsmith, and John Warde. . By a printer's error in a paragrapli in yesterday's tl tr ' » " uu J'Ki HllS USvU Illhlt'itU Ui LUU WUIll «ra. . ' T. P, Hill in connection with the work " The Old \ \\\ orld and the New." Mrs. Hill is at present iu oyduoy, having recently arrived from a visit to Europe. . TJ»o Burns' Club meets this evening nt tho Water loo Chambers, when the subject" Carlylo as a Proso loot, ' will bo dealt with by Mr. A. M'Credie. u ie 011 Sunday evening, the discussion Aro we sure Jesus really lived," will bo resumed. Iho monthly meeting of tho Anglo-Israel Associa tion will be held at the Temperance Hall on Monday evening, when papers will bo read by tho Rev. Wm. Amvorth, entitled " Is it true," Ac. In our issue of yesterday, in tho report of the dinner given to Mr, Julian Thomas ("The Vagabond ") by a printer's error tho names of Messrs. H. Arrowsmith und John Warde were misspelt. 