SUNDAY REAi3|NQ: Our Urgent Keeil of tlie HI# Spirit.'' By the Bey! C. H/Seubgeon: ' llirougli the power Of the Hdly.Ghost.'—lion. ±v. 13 ' By the power of tho Spirit df Go<l,'—Boar. xv. 19. C Coni inttei from our last J THIRDLY: One work of tlie Spirit of Godis t j create in believers the spirit of adoption. Because ye are son.*, God bath sent forth the 9pint of his Sron into your hearts, whereby ye cry, Abba, Fa'lier! *,., * For ye have not re'cciyed the. spint of bondage again id feir, but ye have; received the Spirit of Adoption, whereby.we cry, Abtdj, Father i' We are regenerated..by the. Holy Spirit,, and. so receive ,the nature of children; .and..that.'nature, which.,is given by. him, lie continually prompts, .and excites, .and, develops, and matures j so that we receive day. by day more and more of .the. child-like spirit., 2fow/ beloved, this may not seem to you to be of. very great importance at first' sight j but it is so j for •, the, church is • never, happy except as4 all her members walk as'dear children, towardis God. .Loinetimes.the.spirit of slaves creeps, over us: we begin to talk of the service of God; as though it were "heavy,/; and,.burdensome, and are discontented if tte^ do not receive pre sent wages and visible success, just as servants do when tliey are notsuited ; but the spirit of adoption -works for love, without; any hope of' reward, and it iB satisfied with the sweet fact of* being in ".the .Fathtr's houso,; and* doing the Father s will. . This spirit gives peaces rest, joy, boldness, and holy familiarity with God. A man who never.received the spirit of a child' towards God 'does,"not know the bliss.of the Christian life; he misses its flower, its savour, its excellence, and" I should not wonder if the service of Christ should be a weariness to liim because he has hever~Yet'~g6t. to "tlic sweet thiogs, and does not enjoy ther green ipasturcs;i wherein the Good Shepherd Jiuakes" his sheep* to feed and to lie down. But when, the Spirit of God niakes us'feel that' we are'sbns, and we" live in the house of God to go'no,more"out for eve'r,'lhch the'service of God is sweet and easy, and" we accept' the delay/of apparent 'success as a part of the triil we are called, to bean', , /ihese three"- points'i^'seU-eVideni^. I! think'.' Kowpasstoafourth.' / .'•/ -r/ ; •*' >/The Holy Spirit is especially, cilled1 the. Spirit of Holiness.;'1 He never suggested 'Bra por approved of it,'nor has he ever/ done/btlier/. wise '.than ^eve';'over; it': but 'holiness is the Spirit's delight. The church/ of' God wcars^ upon her brow: the' words, * Holiness to thib Lord.' Only in proportion as she ,is holy may laiiri to bethe church of GbdatalL'An she; claim t , unholy church I Surely this caanotrbb her of .whom Wread, ' Christ also loved the'cburch, and gave himself for it y that he imgKt sanctify "and cleanse it'with' the washingof Water by the word, that lie might present , it to himself a glorious church,''not • having spot,.or wrinkle, or any such thing.9 Holiness 1 is , not . mere morality, not the outward keeping of divine' precepts out of a hard sense of duty,fwbile those commandments in themselves , arc hot delightful to us. Holiness is the entirety of our manhood fully consecrated to the lord and moulded to his will. This is the thing which the church of God must have,, but it can never liave it apart from 'the5 SanctiCef, for.there, is not a grain of holiness beneath the sky but what is of tlie operation of thes Holy Ghost.' And, brethren, ifAti churchbodestitute;of h°line*s what effect can it have upon the world.? dcofftrs utterly contemn and despise professors wliose inconsistent lives contradict their verbal testimonies. An unholy .church may pantand struggle after dominion, and malic what noise she can in pretence of work for Christ, but the kingdom cou.es not to the unholy) neither Haye they themselves entered itl:"The tcstiv niony of unholy men is no more acceptable to Christ than was the homage which the evil spirit gave to him in the days of his ilesli, to which be answered,' Hold' thy peace.'~ 1 Unto the wicked God saith. What hust thou to do to declare my statutes ? * Tlie dew is witliholdcn,' ; and the rain cometh not in its eeoson to tlie I tillage of those who profess to be tho servants j of God and yet sow iniquity. After all, tlio acts of the church preach more to the world than the words of the church. Put an anointed man to preach the gospel in the midst of a really godly people and . bis testimony will bo marvellously supported by tlie church with which he labours; but place the most faithful minister over an ungodly church, and he Iiob such a weight Ufon him thathe must first clear himself of it, or ho cannot succeed. He may preach his heart out,'lie may pray till his knees are. weary, but "conversions will bo sorely hindered) if indeed they occur at all. . There is no likelihood of victory to Isrn?l while Achan's curse is on lhc camp. An unholy church makes Christ to say that he cannot do many mighty works there because of its iniquity. . •' Fifthly, ilie church needs much prayer, and tho llo'y Spirit is the Spirit of graco and of supplications. Tlie strength of a church may pretty accurately be gauged by her prayerful sicss. Wc cannot oxpcit God to put forth his power unless wc entreat him so to do. But all acceptable supplication is wrought in the soul by the Holy Ghost. Tlie first desiro which God accepts must have been excited in the heart by the secret operations of t lie Holy One of Israel, and every sub?cfjutnt pleading of every sort which containeth in it u grain of living faith, ami therefore comes up ns a me mo>iai before tlie Lord, must have been effec tually wrought in the soul by him who inuketh ihtefcesshmintba aaint8,^ccorc(|ng to the willpf, Jtlddi • Our «:i» censer no inconso;but that which tho Spiritlias ,it. compounded. Prayer is; the..creatibn,{o£ the,.... Holy Ghost. -Wo; cannot do. without , prayer;-, and we cannot pray without .the Holy: Spirit; <■ 'an » hence ouridepcndencc on,him. .j .* ! Sixthly, the Spirit of ; God , is; >in a .yery ,, • remarkablo .manner, the, giver .of fellowship.., So often as wp pronounce theapostolicbenediction ,^ :wo.pray that we may, receive tho communion ; of tho Holy Ghost.The Holy .Ghost. enables , ; ,us to have communion,, with , spiritual things. . Ho alone can take tho; key, and open , up-,the ,i)t . secret; iii^itdfyj tbjlt we Way .know „ the., things - whiBh be df.Gdd., He gitdd.ub fcllptValiirf,^ith . .God hiWsrlf j^thfdugh JteriiiA, tJlirist..Kbjr thd Spirit iVo liavd debess to. tho Father. Our {$[* iowshiji is with tiio Father iind'.'iHthvjiis Soil Jepus Christ; btitit is tlio-Spirit of God who briiigs us into communion with the Most High; So, too/iny dcar.brcthrdn, our.fellowship .With vj, ono. another. so , far as it; is Christian, felloW- , : * hipis; always- produced by the ;8pirit of;,., Goi. - ,If wc.-hnve;. continued :together , in .;? peiceiand;love these maiiy years, ! caUndt attributfe.it to dur. cdndfcifciitidnai gdod tdmpprS; nor to M'ise manil^eaieri''; nor to day riifur.il : , .causes, but, to the.love into which the Spirit has baptized ;US, s\ that rebellious nature has> (been stiii. If a dozen Christian people lire together, for twelve months in true spiritual union and , unbroSen .affection, trace it to tho -m love of the Spirit; and if a dozen hundred, or.,, four .times; that, i number shall be able to per■<• severe• in united, service, and find themselves (J!i Joying each other better,after-many years than tliey, did.,at,! the first, ; lebit baregarded as a-«.j blessing, from; the .Comforter, for, which he is to be:.i devoutly -.adored. • ?'Fellowship, can only , , come to;us;by the^pirit, bub a church without.; fellowship would be a disorderly mob, a kingdom , divided against itself, and consequently it .could •; not prosper. .5 \ ou- need fellowship; for mutual , strength, guidance, help, and. encouragement, and without it your church is a mere human society. >-■ -•. ( - • - i .-V ^Seventhly, we.need tbo Hoiy-rpincin uiat y renowned office whicli is described by our ,'. Lord;as theiBaraclete, or- Comforter* .The ./• word bears another rendering, which our tfans* lators have given to it in that paa&ogc; where we »,» read, flfjauy; mail sin-, we have an Advocate: (or Paraclete) with the Father.'* • The,i Holyi:d Spirit is ihoth. • Comforter and Advocate. The Holy Spirit at this present moment.is our .*> friend and Comforter, sustaining the; sink- K. ing, spirits of Relievers, applying the precious i>{ promises, revealing, the love of Jesus .Ohrist to • the- heart.'; Many) a heart would break if the; Spirit of God ,had not comforted it.-, Many of;: God's dear.children would have.utterly died >;? 'by the way if bofhao. not bestowed^upon them • > 'his divine.consolations to cheer their pilgrimage. That is - his . work,- - and a very' necessary work,' - for if-; belieiers become unhappy: they; become «■/} weak for many poinl8;Of ^service.- I am certain that the joy-of tlie Lord is.our strength, for i , j Lhave proved it so, and proved also the opposite;.;! Truth. There are on; earth certain Christians' <.f who inculcate: gloom as a Christian's proper ;|) Vtate,:I will not judge them, but this I will say, that in evangelistic work they do nothing, and I do not wonder. Till snow in harvest ripens - . wheat, till darkness makes flowers-blossom, tilL the salt sea yields clusters bursting with new wine, you will- never iirid ah unliappy religion promotive of the growth of the kingdom of Christ. You must have joy in the Lord,' brethren, if you aro to be strong;in tho lord,1 and strong for the Lord. How, as the Com-- ' forter alone can bear you up amid the floods of ~ tribulation which you ore sure to meet with, - bi you'ree your, great need of ibis consoling pre* 'sehce.;::1 ' We have said that the Spirit of God - is : the Advocafceof the church,—not with: Godj for there Christ isour'sole Advocate,—but 'with man. What I is ' the 'grandest ploa that tho • church has against the world answer,'' the: <• iodwclling of the; Holy Ghost, ' the *: standing 'miracle of the church. Sternal evidences are • • very/excellent:-: You t young men who aro : worried by sceptics will do well to study those : Valuable works which learned and dovout ■ men ; have with much labour produced'forus, but, mark you, all the evidences of " the truth- of :• :v Christianity 'which: can bo gathered -' from analogy, from history, and from external fncls, are nothing whatever compared with the opera tions of the Spirit of God. j - If wo havo the Spirit of God amongst us, and . conversions are const mtly being wrought, the Holy Spirit is thus fulfilling his advocacy, and refuting all accusers. If-the flpirit .works in your o *n mind, it will always be to you the best evidence of the gospel. I meet-sometimes ' one piece of infidelity,1 and then- another; for there arc new doubts and fresh infidelities spawned every hour, and unstable men expect us to read all the books they chooee to produce. But the effect produced on our mind is less and loss. This is our answer. It is of 110 uso your trying to it&gger; us, for wearo already familiar - with c-crything you suggest 5'our own nutive uubelief has outstripped you.Wc liavo had doubts of a kind winch oven you would not dare to uttor if you knew them •»for there is enough infidelity and devilry in our own nature, to make us no strangers to Satan's devices :Wo liavo fought most of your suggested b dtles over and over again in - the f ccrot chamber of - our meditatiou, and have conquered. For we have rbcen in personal contact with God.; You sneor, but tlicro is no argumenfcin sncring. We are as honest as you aro, and our witness is as good; as yours in any court of law; and wo solemnly declare that we have felt the power of the Holy Spirit over our soul as much us over old ocean has felt tho force'of the north wind : we have been stirred to agony under a senscof sin, and wc have teen lifted to eestacy of delight, by faith in the righteousness of Cnrirt. We find that in tho little world within our soul the Lord Jesus nunifcHts himself so that wo know: him 'Ihere is a potency ubout tho doctrinrs ' wo have learned which could not belong to lien, for the truths which .wo believe wo have tested in actnnl experience. Tell us there is no meat? Why, wo have just been feasting. TfH tw there is no water in the fountain ? Wo have been quenching our thirst. Tell us there is no such thing as light f We do not know how we con prove: its existence to you.- for you are probably blind, but we can see. That is enough: argument for us, and our witness is true. Tell us thereto no spiritual life ?, Wo feel it in; our inmost souls. These aire the answers' with which the Spirit of God furnishes us, and they' area:partof his advocacy. How Railway Accidents abb oaused: The Argus states that the action brought'by Cornelius Brown, formerly an engine-driver on the Victorian railways, against' the Board of. Land and Works, was concluded in the Supreme Court on SaturJay, December 2." The plaintiff was driving a goods train oh the North-Enstcrn lino on the 9th July, 1881." Nearing'tho Tallarook station; the pla'ntiff tried to reverse the engine, but the lever flew out of tho notch, struck him, and ' pinned him against the fire box.'; The' engine that he; waB driving' came into collision with another engine that .was being shunted. The plaintiff sustained a severe concussion of the spine, from which it was stated he was not likely to recover. It was alleged that the accident: occurred through the engine not being in a proper state of re pair, and that the plaintiff. had complained of tho defective condition cf tho ongine. The defence was that the plain iff had himself con tributed to the accident, and that his com plaints about the engine had been attended to. The jury by a maj rity ga'O a verdic". for the p'ain'iff for £2,OJO, and in answer to questions statrd that the plaintiff had not contributed t> the accident, and that it ;wa8 ciu-cd by the negligence of the defendant, through one of the running So omen (Mr. Jack), and that Mr. Jack was a competent officer. Leave was given to the delendantv to apply to set a ide the verdict, en the gr und of the injury having been caused by a fellow-servant. 