THE NOVELIST. GIDEON FLEYOE* A POUHCAL Nom: By Hikbt W. Luct. Chaptib XVIII. nsEAT NEWS. t rrttf fan it if the devious course of It i0. "ot metimea drops upon Mr. Tandy ^rtiHed positions. We all lead a dual in unX nnblic and one in the household. lifB.oneinP ant aQd awe.|HBPmng onr The the greater are likely to be PubSa8t if the ability to take.the roofs off the contra* commoni possession, and wd b°Bh?ftt will look in upon our great people might at win _f the-r £omea> It would be iD Sidap to the majesty of the English bar inVne swift transition the Lord Chief t Km Sited on the bench in wig and gown. £ presented, for whatsoever brief L tin the view of a crowded court with iRtoff, his shirt sleeves turned up, peace ^ engaged in the avocation of washing 'nbwM ^keady eleven o'clock in the „ Line, and Mr. Tandy should have_ been " in» ftn(i Mr. Tandy Bnouia nave oeeu S office. But it chanced that business bid no imperative calls that morning, and as finer had insisted on his helping her in a u.tin hn»ineBB she had in hand, fir. Tandy little business she had in hand, ar. lanuy Welded Having strolled into the office to ok at his letters, he had come back to tne diningtoom, and was now standing by the fireplace with an exceedingly woe-begone JZSon, whilst Napper knelt on theground behind him, and with busy, skilful fingers ^tanged some appendages on the skirt of a nNaS dress not only played its part in completing the hopeless misery of those six young men heretofore alluded to, but was the marvel and despair of young ladies in town and country. Napper did not lay her self out to dress extravagantly. A lamentable lack of the finer sensibilities of OUr human nature even enabled her to wear the same dress twice in the same company. But Bhe was always dressed well. Her dress fit her trith a nicety that was the despair of MiBB Netheraole, the banker's daughter, who sat three pews behind in chnrch, and who in the pauses of the Litany recognised the fact that though she had her d-isaa from a London house who had their assistants from Paris, Napper's dress, whilst simple in style and obviously infinitely cheaper, had ever so much more style about it Sometimes the young ladies of the neigh bourhood in gushes of confidence asked Napper to confide to them the secret of the dressmaker's residence; to which Napper answered simply, " I make my dresses my eelf," thereby unwittingly giving rise to much heartburning and to dark suspicions. "The selfish, little cat," was Miss Nether sole's remark to herself, when, as she sup posed, she was thus rebuked. "She'spicked up someone that's a perfect treasure, and wants to keep her to herself." 01 this enmity in the bosom of her friends Nipper was altogether unconscious. When she was asked who made her dresses, she, after her manner, simply told the truth, and was not able to conceive the constitution of mind that would call in question so plain a statement. Napper made her dresses partly because it saved her father a little money, but prin cipally because she could do it much better than she could get it done. Her great diffi culty was planning the design on a lay figure. This was generally met by the engagement of Mary Ann, the girl who did everything in the bouse except the cooking. Many moments of ecBtacy did Mary Ann enjoy while having misb Napper's dresses fitted on her figure, how delightful it would have been if some thing should suddenly happen to finally sever and ksr mistress at the moment when tne dress was receiving its finishing toucheB. one did not wish any harm to her mistress, one of these. * bave a dross like nhMnfh*8 par1''?nJar morning Mary Ann was a*brlef V,Blt hei relations at wtmund. Among Mary Ann's minor attrac* to ^nni,BtTK"amily affectioni ministered brirf C ^normal wealth of cousins. At the Datamini, £ a couBin wived at DPTf^rnal home who was going away the Jl-K? £ Ne? ZealaQd or San Fran and jL (0Mere fjftt Wfta a l°n8 way off, they hS gS? w°uld ?ot PoamMy Bail till Deriofiia.1 » .M«y .Ann. One of these now hanrinJ*™ 8812 Mes was just PostedSffw M^y and she had with intent^, ^ j l? ® eatl* morning Porardy^X^ 8 dfty iu the tem' primaS tapper's thoughts had 10 t.h« cook- Bit, apart s figure that^eiHi?™!10^1 cook had not this kind. y ®nt tfwlf to service of WufXV^N&nnMnndiiba; waiat oven than Sffidi3?LB^'^th.e two at 1 think of th5^ 8 thw Acuity. " Indeed.. don't wo«yoauat6 much better, so it that sash on yoj»tet eakfaat Inst settle! "Pitod Mr. Tandy, o" Indeed^sl I am' yott'w ioki^' LuTea. I m not. mlm »» „. » sofl^r^n™ iPaPJ1" answered Napper ®titieai eye •« j donV.n fignre with a ^e skirtover von? at .VP0®® T°n eould get ft '°>r JWatSfr 0r droaw !t °n In 1)11111 over and.™ 116 man. But I could* *aist, ft«mMi kold it on ut your i»B,kWaM to see ho»er mlautM- I &t; the back, i Ji,)w.I°an arrange the bow SWaa 3«! #rw; {houghtof fliaht •<?£. npon him * wild CiSHf tm aJJ^wJf^iwtnaiS beta tnueoorUio. ®® - ®t® Austral.' speedily strangled. It was only a little thing that Napper asked of him, and why should he balk the girl? No one would see him, and no one be the wiser, and he would have the satisfaction of knowing who had obliged Napper. So without nnduly prolonging the study of his correspondence, he walked into the dining-room with a firm step, though with a look of foreboding that Napper hailed with a merry laugh. " You look as if you were going to be hung. It's not so terrible after all Now stand there. I'll wrap the band of the skirt round your waist. You hold it with your fingers so, and then I'll get it done in less than no time." The perfect performance of this promise was in some measure barred by Knut, who, regarding the arrangement as one especially designed for hiB entertainment, did his beBt to meet it with generous encouragement. Seated at a convenient distance, so that be might take in Mr. Tandy's figure to full ad vantage, he rapped loudly on the floor with his bushy tail. This applause he varied by an occasional incursion among the folds of the dreBB, by laying hiB body affectionately acroBB Mr. Tandy's feet (who felt he dare not move lest he should disarrange the in scrutable performance goiDg on at his back), and still worse, twining his head inside Napper's armB as Bhe knelt' with rapid touches arranging the bow. " Lie down, Knut, or you shall be put out," she cried in stern tones, which Knut dared not disobey. So he withdrew to his former position and resumed the applause, which he carried on. with a vigour not to be excelled by the professional claqueur. " I have heard," said Mr. Tandy, in his meekest tones, "that it is customary to allow the model a few minutes' interval for rest and refreshments every quarter of an hour." "Very probably, but it's nothing like quarter of au boar yet." " " Well, it seemB quite twenty minutes since I have been standing here in this ridiculous attitude. If I were caught at this I would never be able to Bbow my face in the Connty Court, the Police Court, or in my own office." At this moment a thundering knock was heard at the front door, and the look of half comical discontent which had mantled the maBBive countenance of Mr. Tandy gave place to one of wild terror. " For heaven's sake, Napper," he cried, " take the thing off. There's Fleyce at the door. I can see bis coachman's head over the blind. If he only happens to look this way he will see me. There's Fleyce in the hall. You know his way of bouncing in, as if the place belonged to him." Napper swiftly disengaged the robe from the lay figure on which she had deftly pinned ik and had just time to fling it into a comer of the room when Gideon entered. " Good morning, Miss Tandy," he said, a little more breathlessly than was his wont in addressing that young lady. " Hope I don't disturb you by a call bo early in the morning, and by walking in unannounced. The fact is, I've been rapping at the door for some time, and no one coming, I took the liberty of turning the handle. I've brought you some great news. Why, Tandy, what's the matter with you?" he exclaimed, turning towards the chair into which the Clerk of the Peace for the borough of Saxton, Clerk to the Borough Magistrates, and holder of various other high offices,, had flung himself when delivered from the skirt of Napper's dress. " Yon are as pale as a ghost Hope you me not ill? It would be very awkward to have you break down just now. Perhaps you have heard the news and it's upBet you. " No," said Mr. Tandy, gasping and rubbing his hands through hiB hair. " I have not heard any news. I am a little seedy with overwork, I suppose, but shall be all right presently." " Well, here you are," scud Gideon, hand ing him a telegram. " I got that this morn ing from O'Brien, and drove round to the junction for the newspapers before coming down to see you." " Northcote announced dissolution in the House of Commons last night. Dizzy's mani festo out this morning. Shall be down by the first train. Must get out your address to day. See Tandy, and get him to make all arrangements for speedy printing and post ing." "This is a little sudden," said Mr. Tandy as he read the telegram, " but it won't take us much aback. You came down in good time, and have kept steadily at it since; but now we shall have to bustle. You have noc written your address yet, I suppose ?" " No, not a line of it, but we'll soon knock that off. I've got it all pretty well in my mind, and as soon as O'Brien oomes down we'll hold a oouncil of war and get it out" "Ihave not opened the newspapers yet. but here tbey are, and here is ' tne Earl of Beaconsfield to His Excellency the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland.'" Mr. Tandy carefully read this famous mani festo. He was alert now, and the skirt of the unfinished dress huddled up in a corner of the room cast no chilly shadow on his soul. " It is to be hoped," he read out from the manifesto, " that all men of light and leading will resist this destructive doctrine. The strength of this nation depends on the nnity of feeling which should pervade the United Kingdom and its widaspread dependencies. The first dntp of an English Minister should be to consolidate that oo-operation which tenders irresistible a nation educated as our °wnin an equal love of liberty end law." „ This is a great mistake," he observed. Dizzy mast be losing his head to go and fling down a reckless challenge like that to the Irish people on the eve of a general elec-. i «on. I fancy he feels it himself, or we wonld have these feeble wanderings around for taking phrases. ^ 'Men of light and leading' fetched, whilst to talk of * consoli dating co-operation' and 'a policy of de I1 oonssnsa" , WeU.ere have nothing to do with that," wid Gideon, a Utile impatiently. " I don't •JPP0** people down here know or eare any |hiut abontInland, muoh less aboat phrase' making. I thought I wonld bring yen the telegam a*d the patters, so that yon might frtlbtepfnttftlB. The o to*elds will beat work in a jiffey. O'Brien will be down at 3 o'clock, and we'll work ont the address. I will get Baily to come. Not that he knows much of the matter, bnt he might give a turn to some of the sentences, though I think I shall get 'em pretty taking. I hope, Miss Tandy, yon will favour us with your company in the connciL I have the highest estimate of yonr opinion." " That is very good of you. Mr. Fleyce, thongh I know a great deal less than Mr. Baily. But I will come if yon like." " Then, at 4 o'clock at the Castle, and we'll all dine together after, and quietly talk the matter over." 