Conference in Connexion with the Newcastle Diocesan Synod. [FBOM OUB OWN REPOETEE.] Following the precedent of last year, the President of the Synod of the Diocese of Newcastle (the Bishop), at the meeting last week had arranged for a conference on Tues- day evening in the City Hall. The Synod met in the afternoon, to discharge the formal duties which alone can be attended to on Tuesday, according to the standing orders, and the evening was consequently free for the conference. The weather was not promising, but a very fair attendance was observed, nevertheless. The Bishop presided, and the Rev. Canon Selwyn opened the proceedings with prayer. The PRESIDENT, after an allusion to the weather, said he hoped the influence of the rain, in .making people bright and cheerful, would be extended to the doings of that evening, and that they would not be daunted because tbingB were not just as they wished them. It was a great problem, that which they had to solve. Hints he hoped would be given as to how they might improve their present opportuni- ties of giving religious teaching, and now they might amend their methods of teaching. He would juat remind tbem why he had insti- tuted those conferences. Tuesday evening cannot be applied to any ordinary business in Synod. That he regretted to some extent. So did others. Yet, on the other hand, it was an advantage that they could have a few hours in which they could consider not merely the machinery of their work but the work itself. They came together in comparatively large numbers but once a year. It did seem to him to be a most melancholy thing that they should spend the week in talking only about the external organisation of the diocese, never getting at the real kernel of matters. That night he hoped they would get at the inside and not be satisfied with the outside of the matter. The topic was a large topic. They might discuss Sunday Bchools and how they were to be managed. They might in fact discuss any part of the bearings of the question of religious education. The subject was of great importance. To minis- ters of the gospel there could not well be a topic of more importance that this-how to get hold of the young and tender minds, how to interest them in the most momentous of all subjects, how to convey information to them that must have a marked effect upon Iheir future lives. Again, if they looked at the matter as citizens. It was a very favorite boast that Australia had a great future before her. But the real greatness of that future would depend not merely on the wealth, but materially on the character of her citizens. And when they reflected that the young of to-day would be the middle aged of a few years hence, and the old of a few years further on, they would see that the future of Australia depended very much on the character of the young, and upon the education they received. They should recog- nise the great principle that not only is religian an important thing, but that it should be regarded as the first thing in life. Not simply should it hold the first place in the minds of those who were old and drawing near to their end, but it should hold the first place in the planning of life, and in carrying out the designa of life. It should be a thing which a young man ought to set before him as a thing to be compassed. Religion should be to all men a method in which to live. They were too much inclined to put off that matter as one not of the first importance. They were like children who were inclined to put off, for the sake of play, that which would last and interest them when the taste for play was gone. Young men gave up their time and their energies to small matters ; men of business said-I must attend to my worldly work-this matter of religion shall have due consideration when I have leisure. Conduct of that kind proceeded on the as- sumption that religion was of secondary concern, not on the assumption that it should be the spirit of the whole life to be lived. They should take a wide view of religious education. It did not mean simply imparting a large amount of knowledge, but it did mean the application of that knowledge to the facts of life. A great teacher has said that human nature must have a prospect before it. Christianity alone gave a prospect which waa alluring. They hoped that as a consequence o£ the Christian teaching of children, the men of the future would grow better, more public spirited, more benevolent, more thoroughly imbued with the spirit of peace and good will. It was to Christian teaching given in some way or other in the schools, that they looked for improved characters in the future : they must depend upon religious influences to produce such characters. And those who had to perform the task of instructing children in religious duty should remember to make the teaching the substantial thing it ought to be. Religion gave seriousness and weight to young minds. Reading, writing, and arithmetic did not give seriousness and weight of character ; it waB to religious teaching in early life that they must look for such results. The sub- ject of the religious education of the young included home influences. That suggested that .religious teaching of all kinds should be made pleasant to the young. Then there was Sunday school teaching. Religious education included of course the operation of such agencies as religious classes or societies based upon religious principles. They had a very wide field before them, and he 1 hoped they would hear some valuable suggestions, and get some useful hints. He would n,ot occupy their time much longer, except to make one remark. It had been objected to those conferences that the clergy- men appropriated an undue share of the talking time to themselves. Now, the most mportant aspect of the question came before them as a layman's queetion. Clergymen could not do all that was required. It was the laymen's duty to say how the church should take advantage of the open door to the public schools which the law provided : the church must look to laymen for aid in many ways, if the clergymen were to keep up the work. He had made no arrangements as to speakers ; he invited those whonad anything to say to speak ; and he promised if a layman and a clergyman rose at the same time to give preference to the layman. He had asked Canon Tyrrell to open the conference. The Rev. Canon TTBBELL Baid hiB Lordship had asked him to say a few words on the subject of religiouB education. Although he had not the tongue of a ready speaker, he might be able to utter some debatable sentences, on the subject of religious educa- tion, more especially as he held peculiar views. In the first place, he thought it would be well to review the position the church held at present with regard to the question. In doing so, he approached the task with a great deal of diffidence, because the action of the Legislature of the colony, by which the church was placed in her present position, was prompted by a part of the population from dread and hatred of Roman Catholicism. He believed that to be the secret of the blow struck at denomi- national schools. If they recollected, the people had been content to give up the Bible in the schools for this reason. He always wished to speak his mind on this question. He had considered it and wished to speak what he thought about it. The people had been content to give up the Bible from the schools in which their children were taught, from fear of Catholicism. They had acted as a people who had forgotten God, and they knew what the Psalms say of such a people. The heathen philosophers of old knew better than that. Those who had read Plato knew that he said the education of the young was not complete without moral and religiouB instruction. Those who had taken up the Ethics of Aristotle in the course of their university studies would remember that the advice he gives to the State is to impart moral and religious instruc- tion to the children. Coming to much later writers, Sir Thomas More said that to neglect the religious instruction of children and to give them other instruction was firBt of all educating thieves and then punishing \hem. They saw therefore that among the heathen philosophers there were men wiser in their generation than the so-called Christians of this colony. Moreover, history bore out what the Scripture saya. What had become of those nations of old which had neglected religious education ? Alexandria of old was the proudest example of the arts and the sciences in the ancient world. She pos- sessed a 'knowledge of arts and sciences which had been now lost. Where was Alexandria now? Ancient Greece was renowned for her warriors; her literature had been her glory, and had come down to be the admiration and the delight of a modern day. But what was modern Greece? The heroes of Thermopylae had become a race of sneaking brigands; the descendants of Lycidas were too weak to make their own laws. Where waa ancient Rome, whose empire had extended from the east to the west, whose warriors conquered the whole known world, who had also possessed a glorious literature. Where were all these people? Why had they decayed? Because they had been content with educating the intellect, and had neglected religious instruction. What, on the other hand, had made the prosperity of the dear old mother-country? What had made her great? The Bible had made her great. She would have the Bible in her schools and more than the Bible. But in New South Wales, people excluded the Bible. They locked Up the Bible in a box, as if it were dangeroua dynamite. That was the position in which the church was placed in regard to religiouB education. Nevertheless, she ouight to do her best ; notwithstanding the antagonism to her, that was her duty according to her means. Now, with regard to the public schools, he maintained that the small amount of religious instruction that can be given in such schools contrasts so unfavourably with the secular instruction given, that in his idea it does more harm than good. They would observe that in a public school no Bible may be used ; the day's work is not opened with prayer. God was not acknowledged. There were indeed Scripture lessons, but they were BO tasteless, that no one need be sorry if they were excluded. A clergyman was allowed to take the children out for an hour. And that could be done in no case every day -the utmost possible waB twice a week, Bay. In districts where there were eighteen or twenty public schools, religious instruction could be given in each rarely. The Government Baid in effect-you may learn everything you can, secular instruction is to be as complete as possible, but it shall be paramount to religious instruction. If religious instruction could be given daily, no doubt it could be made of the greatest importance. Children should be taught that the whole of their secular instruction is worthless compared with that the object of which was to train them for heaven. He was very strong on the point that in giving religious instruction they should look to the homes. The homes was where the mischief lay. His experience told him that without religious instruction in the homes, they could do very little in the schools. The greater part of each child's life is passed in his home. Precepts may be in- culcated in the school ; the example was sup lied in the home. They wanted then to in- troduce more religion in the homes : family prayer, godly talk, reverence for the name of God ;-there were unhappily homes in this colony where God was never named except in connexion with cutting and swearing. It was into the homes that they needed to introduce more religion : then they could educate the children more religiously. More visiting power was wanted. How- ever hard the clergyman worked in large districts, he could not call upon all persons. If people were to be kept up to their duty, there must be an accession of visiting power. Punda were needed for all these purposes. The possibility of reforma- tion rested on the possibility of making the homes better. Larrikinism grew up there. There waB another point with regard to Sunday schools. They might be made more effective, not only by diocesan inspection, but by a more systematic method of teach- ing. 'Por the last ten years, in his principal Sunday school, they had a programme drawn up for each six months of graduated lessons, for each class, BO that one class could be made the stepping-stone to another. Every half year the programme waa re-adjusted. That he had found a good system, which worked exceedingly well. A dio- cesan inspector would be a very valu- able official, and it would be of advantage if a Sunday-school teachers* union were formed, and if a qualified instructor gave Sunday-school teachers lessons in teaching. (The PBESIDENT : Hear, hear.) In the bush, teachers were necessarily accepted who were more willing than capable. The three points he desired to press upon them were (1) that there should be much more visiting power ; (2) that there should be much more constant religiouB teaching in public shools, to make it effective and at all profitable; (3) that there should be a diocesan and parochial system in the Sunday schools. Moreover, the laity must remember that if they wish their children to be religiously educated they must provide the funds. (Applause.) Mr. JOHN LEE said after the remarks of the President and of the last speaker, it was not necessary that he should say much on this question. At a church meeting he need not urge the ne- cessity of imparting religious instruction. They were taught "Train up a child in the way he should go, and when he ÍB old he will not depart from it ;" and their own observa- tion showed them that as the early training had been so was the conduct of the life. They knew that if in youth, when the mind was pliable to the teachings of good or evil, religious^instruction was conveyed into the mind, there was moral growth ; there was the production of a goodly tree bringing forth fruit for the glory of God and welfare of man. Whereas, if evil was allowed to enter and permeate the mind, the result was moral deformity usurping the place of beauty of character, and ^ the child 'grown á man became a misery to himself and to all connected with him. A vessel cannot traverse safely the trackless ocean without proper sailing directions and a competent commander, neither can we expect a child to pass safely over the vast ocean of time to eternity unless he is guided and con- trolled in the best way. It was the'duty of the church to impart the necessary know- ledge in the Sunday schools, in the Public schools, in teachings from the pulpit ; and heads of families were required to share in the work by instituting family prayer, and by sending their offspring to the pieces where religious instruction can be obtained. More- over, the work could be furthered by district visiting and by catechising in the churches. If ministers were found doing this, they would be carrying out the command of their Master "Peed my lambs." The State had done ita duty in giving in the Public Schools Act facilities for the entry into the public schools of the religious instructor. The State had aleo done that in the late Edu- cation Act. It was not his intention to raise up a ghost of the past, and to find any fault with the church at that time, but he did think that if the advantages conferred by the older Act had been more liberally employed, that Act would have been in existence at the pre- sent day. He did not wish to say anything of the reasons why the church did not do its duty, except to express a hope that it would see the mistake it had made, in not supporting the Public Schools Act its integrity ^' present Public Instruction ActrgaroTa,^^ which are limited to a great extent. i*t thought the thanks of every church- man in the diocese were due to the Bishop QÍ Newcastle, for his ad- vocacy of the Act, and for his recommendation to make use of the facilities which the Act afforded. Not only were thanks of churchmen in the diocese due to the Bishop; every churchman throughout the colony should thank him. (Hear, hear.) He had prepared Borne observations, which he would read, so as to preserve conciseness and to save their' time. " One of the drawbacks which limits the operation of religiouB instruction, arises from the indisposition upon the part of both scholars and teachers in giving up a portion of the time allotted to secular instruction. The children who are withdrawn are, in the majority of cases, thoBe whom the teacher relies upon at the time of examination. The result of the examination affects the teacher as to his future ; and the loss of the scholars for a regular lesson, weekly, or bi- weekly, is of vast importance to him, as it haB an in- fluence on the character of the school as judged by the result of examination, and also affects him personally as to his preferment. The scholar is indisposed for the same reason -possessing a laudable ambition to keep abreast of his fellow scholars, he feels the hardship of his withdrawal from a Btated lesson without any opportunity being afforded him of gaining any credit whatever, for the hour devoted to religious instruction. The remedy appears to be that the religions in- struction should be a subject for examination at the time of the inspector's visit, or by some qualified person, whose authority and position would be recognised by the Government. Thus the school would be enabled to maintain its prestige, and the scholars would not be discouraged. This would involve a syste- matic and uniform course of instruction, which want would have to be supplied. In supplying this requirement, and to make the work one which would be of value to the scholar and the church, the follow- ing course suggests itself. It was the custom of the church in its old parochial organization for the children to be publicly catechised by the clergyman of the parish on the afternoon of every Sunday. This practice no doubt gave the attributes of character and solidified society, which par- ticularly distinguish the English people. The young were grounded in religiouB truth, and it became their shield and their defence. It is impossible for the clergy now to devote the afternoon of every Sunday to this old fashioned, but yet important, brancLof duty. Services at a distance involving heavy travel- ling have to be undertaken ; but the hour weekly in the Public school might even sup- ply this want in the following way: The clasB for religious instruction «in the Public school ia composed largely of those who attend the Church of England Sunday school. If a uniform system or table of lesBona could be drawn up, for use in the senior classes of our Sunday schools-these lessons prepared by the teachers and given in regular order the clergyman, when visiting the Public-school during the following week, could support and strengthen the work of the preceding Sunday in the Sunday school, and supply a duty which his engagements on Sunday will not permit him to fulfil. This course of lesBons, the subjects, &c.;, could be handed to the ex« aminer, and the knowledge of the scholars could be ascertained ¿y oatm°" '-*-?i0Bl may be argued that--*- good ^rwi course would involve «bo**, h^PP68 i *iittia¿ Minister of Education catvsied ¿ to ¿^»¿í alteration of existing*«*-.- ty JT reply is, that it is ever*o=aC 7 «w» is» apPpayrent to thoughtftJ$%%T»JJ ?% who are not the opponer^i, * ' it« ci |18Di the present Education Aimr. will ï"nfre"M of education must be appw... _an the en** approached in a very &>\\. .. J« """ "-+i" atátude than that which chi £-T'X?.no °f tht last occasion. When this f ti? * J thtil the Church of England yvelo icj^rc^ouT T the opportunity which it £itwoul°í.fliíation f religious instruction, and ÍB also unW\P"}2, BE to lend some suggestions, for the dev* r Stellt and improvement of the religious JT*"".T'1BB to the privileges now possessed will b5^ 'fibo l away, and a Victorian state of thinjie^onmnj be our heritage in New South Walee. ful.p-a course suggested ia specially adapted fäw id centres of population j it would reuljj ^e favour on the part of the Sunday Scho3 ¿.4 teachers; every clergyman would feel ireai helping his teachers in the preparation obi the Sunday's lesson, he was also rendering]' his Public school duty easier, agreeable, and' profitable, and strengthening' the Sunday school by what is lacking in too many instances, a systematic and uniform teaching. The course of lessonB might be prepared by a committee selected by the Synod,-having thus the stamp and authority of the Synod, and be issued by the command of the Bishop. The diocese would thus be covered, and one year's trial given ; and if the clergy would only throw enthusiasm into the scheme, the year's fruit would warrant a second year's trial, and would enable the diocese to ap- proach the Provincial Synod, with a record of work done and benefits derived, which would enable it to consider the question more satisfactorily than it has been. The argu- ments advanced that the clergy cannot compaBB the work are worthy of considera- tion. The question suggests itself at the outset, which will be the easier, to maintain our church schools after the withdrawal of State aid, or a staff of catéchiste to give re- ligious instruction according to the Act. To maintain a church school implies payment of the master and assistants' salaries, which, at the rate of the Government scale to Public echool teachers, ÍB a large item. Some teachers receiving more than our clergy-to provide all books and material, and keep and maintain in good repair the buildings, &c.; Very few par- ishes can afford such an outlay. Some would prefer spending such an amount in church extension, higher salaries to clergy and other officials. But the fact must be faced that, unless the young men are cared for now, and good religious instruction imparted, but little use will be required for churches ;in years to come ; and the labours of the clergy and the church, to correct the evils which must necessarily arise from defective educa- tion and morally unhealthy homes-will be immensely increased. Volunteer teachers cannot be obtained. Young men are engaged in business, and life's struggle is so keen now-o-days that a young man to succeed must devote every hour, if he wishes to rise. Young women are too shy and timid-the class of boys which are gathered in our schools, require some person who can command and rule and instruct, and one who knows some Jjbj-^tóf the reality of life. It would there h***ol better to have a staff of teachers HutuyïuL aPP°^ntod by episcopal authority, 2 peMwnkJ>he consent of the clergy would tmjrjr therr\¡*arishes and devote themselves to sdBool workT^The question of finance is the nffist embarràs^totjj|or it isytathe country djatriets which -»i« r^f'pcorest-K*hg popula- tion being scafteiei-that the largest^umber of schools are found, schools whose number of attendant^ are few, but who require in- struction in some cases more than town chil- dren, who have Sunday schools and regular clerical ministration. These districts can- not be visited regularly by the clergy. They have but few Sunday services. The people cannot pay for the support of a clergyman to reside amongst them-how is the difficulty to be met ? If a class of teachers were employed, which would command the confidence of churchmen, funds would be available. If parents find their children cared for-that they are relieved of a duty which some are too indolent and others too ignorant to discharge-they would give of their little ; and the aggregate of littles would provide to some extent for payment of the labourer in this interesting department of church work. There is no parish with less than 300 Church of England children within it, and surely the* parents of these, if their children were provided with religious instruc- tion would not refuse to give Id weekly or 4s yearly, amounting to £60 annually-25 parishes in the diocese with a little organiza- tion could thus raise £1500. This calcula- tion may be verified to a large extent from our Synod report of last year. The number of Sunday scholars is returned as 438a ; of this number 1836 belong to the 3 parishes of Newcastle, and 728 to those of West and East Maitland. Thus more than half of the Sunday school children are grouped together in these towns, showing that 6 parishes have more than one half of the church children under regular religious instruction, and the other 19 parishes have the remainder dis- tributed among them. These numbers would be largely increased if means and proper agents could be found for the establishment of Sunday schools. It shows further the necessity of religious instruction being given in those placeB. Some scarcely know the existence of the Ten Commandments, and the only deterrent from open vice is the dread of the policeman. If ten men could be at once employed the result would Boon j ustify the employment of others. If we face the difficulty, trusting in God, help will come. If we do not, and let the opportunities we haye slip, when a change comes in the administration of education, and come it certainly will, the Church of England will be pointed to by those who clamour for the withdrawal of State aid, as having neglected to discharge her duty, and the children of the colony will be landed by sectarianism, where it has landed the chief of the school league movemeat, in a position which we all regret is one of dishonour and shame." (Applause.) They were commanded to show their religion by their works. They knew of no way in which the Christianity they professed could be better reflected than in giving their means, an i in setting a good example, and in helping those who were divinely appointed, to enable the young to put on the whole armour of God. He noped the present meeting of Synod would not pass without some practical effort being made to carry out the religious education of the chil- dren of the Church. That was a work which vib^/js'emB to menea of 4>ttheço,thYt enable y recollecting, tion aS&ti;'.'o deal with t'j ort handicaps 1 use together, aL the pair mr Ino promise to jke«, 7 furlon f**ïUfi* f9 pride va heap it. vt too i \~ ._'ishter <3HAPTü'K ii. M»iu"bt and I TO MAKK A FOE I welght V. and comforted ., dunedin hafl cone to do bj vim Tom «7^ *V «f the Wa» Club n^ he lath"1*1*188 , * 8t*\ 61 \ to our readers. ,ryfe *!L-not a hundred years ^ THE A New York; al£*£ for A ^ from t\, Pwiness that ho ww ^ go8e_ Bays thiV1-} menudegree of pros- d,CBp llation cVJflPecta*w8'\hoW* O'??""" 1.? to the we?, small sutfcp' Income »t to say. I ist of A> disk. PrU two Toesda, s |¿ íeerees from V» íyJÍ ltime °* he Cope ?aiey up into Vin gio*6* ftna ough tbe idfi -ke an abr>y or two waa "JKJT eei >*ï the Bun. Ke (seen com?8 -r' S^ E4 o' bit of the new c }¿It seem'i0 sasti- J" sue 15 ; periheHfcíY»-^*? v%.at,¡ ??? ??,& ¿ÓPiK'ÍOfiny^uP0^: I '« -I AI» Omos; but thÄ"^ . .* 1 «öS-1 rd Aot to «eil papera iÎPteifl following l8 úr ^ r Wf'-^T^- _*. '.«a -.> wire ,n. corentani to the n* quently, UM now^(!BJRVe*K>wri«i of go£ increased to five, he vis^/^ems to me mm ally. In the course assistance, he was under religious instruction T"" . dren. The state of religiou"11- , '»tters seriatim* thought unsatisfactory an^aUy* valuablejptM growing up. There was nbe ISPO^.'iate the facts knowledge among them than ttf* Ungi "va0** n the passing of the Public Scb^L^ffllngt. .f . ' was easy to say what the causi5^lo<.^ i quite concurred in the opinionjrmai characiJAi teaching must be given in the" home, nf .the "^ "*> home teaching were firmer and better, there' i would be less larrikin ism in the community. One of the primary duties of the church was to be an educational body. Christ bad Baid, " Feed my lambs," aa well as " Peed my Bbeep." How was the church to perform the function ? The clergy taught in the churches, in the schools, by means of Bible classes, and they had trusted to denominational schools. They would no longer have denominational schools-how would they supply the defect? If they did not take action, their churches would be empty. What were they to do to turn back, to arrest, the wave of unbelief ? This waB a laymen'» question. They must give not only from their purses ; they must give their minds and their hearts to the teaching of the children. A body of catechists must be instituted, who would be content with their position, and would not ask for anything higher. The office of religious teacher wae a noble office. It would be a good plan if the church could re-establish the order of sub-deacons. How would the church be able to cope with the difficulties before her if volunteers did not come forward ? Young men ought to offer themselves, and clergymen would be glad of their services. The Church, he had said, was an educational body in one view of it. He asked the attention of the ladies to an example in Tasmania of a mode in which they could help the young women of the community. In Tasmania a girls' friendly society had been formed. It consisted of a number of members of the Church of England and communicants, and its office waB to find out young women in domestic and other employment, and give them counsel and advice, to make friends of them, to provide in fact girls with a femata associate m whom they could confide and j whom they could look m their little troubjUj,;'" If a girl were away from her own friend ¿ft Traff-very^well^fer Her to b*?« a "^ And, pleasant-tempered lady whom she «. j¿d con- sult, and in whom she could confide. Another point was that when ja girl married she became an honorary member» The society also gathered girls together for teaching in week day or Sunday Bible .class. Thus, those grown girls who would be offended if asked togo to Sunday schools, were reached by religiouB instruction. The general work of religious instruction in the diocese was beyond the power of the clergy alone. The clergy of the diocese had done their duty conscientiously and heartily, but they must not be left to do it alone. And therefore the laity must come forward with their persons as well as with their purses. If religiouB instruction were neglected the country would become an ir- religious country, and its fate would be that of countries who had been content only to educate the intellects o£ their sons. (Ap- plause.) The Rev. JOHN SHAW said they were not there to debate the question, but to give their own views. The question of course pre- sented itself in various lights to different minds. The Public Instruction Act had been working for sixteen years up to the present )ff condition of things. The fust Education Açt>^ which altered the relationship of tjta¿"*"m£í[> to the schools was passed in JÄfeß °M were not surprised at the p»£enfc flfca¿fleJ things. They knew eventsj^e^^01 to the crisis about to arnv# Now theyghal to face the position (heaf, hear). Ani he asked, who are to faoeJSt? p/e answered first, the clergy ; aeeonK the clergy ; third, the clergy (hear, hear« The responsibility must be laid upon? Bome one. Every clergyman should fake it upon him- self, in presence < of the approaching demise of denominational schools at the end of the year. The course to be taken, he must choose ; the responsibility rests upon him. Of course he knew that §7as very strong ground to! take. Rut be believed the laity would help the clergy through in this matter. It was no new thing for the Church of England. The Church of England had been a pillar of education in all English-speaking communi- ties. Those were her traditions. The prayer book told him so. He looked at the rubrics at the end of the catechism. It was a duty laid upon the clergy to undertake the religious instruction of the young. If they accepted that duty loyally they would find the way open to them. The inspectorate of the district of Maitland was cotermin- ous with the diocese of Newcastle. In that Maitland inspectorate there were 260 schools. The statistics of the various inspectors are not given, but in all the public schools of the ' ' ' colony there are 45,000 Church of England children. There are in the denominational schools 9000 children who at the end of the year will be deprived of the benefits of the denominational system. Now, if it were only for the sake of the children Who had had beep educated in denominational schools, and their parents, the Church would be bound to face the altered condition of things, and follow those children into the public schools, and teach them Christian ethics. It bad been .pLiíU-»!-« tnaTK\\.».ö would *> open door of the Public ¿* ity would be the most dan * s that could be taken up. It i>f ,. og that in the old country .eet s $e 8^e °^ religiouB educa 1882\. Mlming. The Reformation \- 'EPB PAH,' feeling in favour of re 'tiRT p it, and now the church in «^~_ Tice more recognising its para ?^jp- ifcy. He believed there would ->v.n_ "^disposition manifested by the J^f.Z'.^1" in 'the colonies. Larrikins were a 'C""'ï*loaucfc oi improper teaching, of a neglect of the right kind of teaching. But ought the Church to neglect so important a part of her work-she, who was the pillar and ground of the truth, the church of the Living God ? The church was 1 required to do the work and she could do it. Some great men of Roman history were distinguished as having never despaired of the republic. He certainly did not despair of the Church of England being able to cope with the task thus laid upon her. She had asBimilated the world- surely Bhe could assimilate a few of these young men in this part of it (applause). Mr. THOMAS HUNGEEFOBD hoped that conference would help to cure an evil they all deplored. He could not agree with the Rev. Canon Tyrrell about the cause of- the Public Instruction Act passing Parliament in its present form. He had frequently heard Sir Henry «Parkes lay down the principle that no nation could hope to be great, glori- ous, and free, without religion. Canon Tyrrell had boldly stated thal the cause of the pass- ing of the Act was a hatred of Catholicism. It was nothing of the kind. He felt perfectly sure that while many members were actuated by that feeling, that was not the feeling of the House as a whole in passing the Act. The intention of his Lordship, in instituting that conference, was to induce them to devise some plan to cope with the difficulty in which the church was landed by the withdrawal of State aid. He had listened with much pleasure to Mr. Lee's paper. Nations fall back if reverence to God and love to maa be not impressed upon the minds and hearts of their children. It- should be continually urged upon the laity that they were inte- rested deeply in this question of religious kK\\. education. It resolved itself really into a ' ,é./t»aestion of finance, but it was a question in Sl^*h all parents of children should show ^w^sL'" ,t2'°. defend sole1" on ¿"^ "TgT'tçr.8 OÎ^ JSK Cf^^~Vi)U^¿^S^ÍÍTi'e[íÚT^ Parents ""would pay a small contribution if the clergy continuously laid the duty before them, it would be a sad thing wholly to neglect the worn. It was no use kicking against the law. They need not hope to get the whole Bible into the schools. There are many sects who would not admit it at all. But the Act permitted the clergy to enter the schools to give religious instruction. It was not a layman's duty to do this. (Mr. THOMP- SON : Hear, hear.) If the clergy were only eorneBt and anxious in pointing out to their congregations the seriousness of their obliga- tion, if they laid before their people their duty as parents and as colonists, the work would be furthered. The question of re- ligious education was a most important one, and if that session of Synod only made a commencement in solving it, it would have done a good work. (Applause.) The Rev. H. S. MILLABD would be glad to throw any light upon what he conceived to be the practical part of the subject. The problem of religious instruction waa one of acknowledged difficulty. But why ? Why was it considered so hard to interest the ~¿ young in the highest and most sublime of all """^bç^iba ? There was no want of quick intelli lB«nW"aAÎ^I8 our Australian youth. It was not very "har* %}° interest them at all events for a little wufee in things which are great and which seemed to the teachers interesting. But it was hard fto secure reverent attention to the highest trùtths of all. (Hear, hear.) He thought the fkult ^.¿y lay with the teachers. They we're too much in the habit of adopting the goody-goody style. They had forgotten that religious and _ in- tellectual instruction must be united. Somo Tailures had proceeded from such for getfulneBB. Canon Tyrrell had said-and he referred to Canon Tyrrell's opinions with respect, as those of ones" ^.had more ex- perience than he had-that the Public se lool system was far better organized for secular instruction than the church machinery was for religious instruction. He did not think that need be so. It had happened to him to know many teachers of Public schools, and he had a very great respect for the character and the intellect of these gentlemen. The Public schools it must be confessed had up to a certain point done well. (Hear, hear.) They must not blink that fact. He certainly was not an advocate for the Public school system. Por he was master of a denominational school, the grammar school of the diocese. Yet at the same time he was bound to speak with respect of the work of Public schools as far as it went. He saw defects in the system. But noon the characters of those who had been trained in it a great work had been done. . Pifteen or ßixteen years ago boys brought to him were in a condition of ignorance which he did not find now (hear, hear) ; and he had no doubt the great factor in their advance- ment waB the Public Behool system. He must not indeed undervalue the denominational schools. He had not long ago examined a school at Muswellbrook which gave evidence that the machinery of the Public Behool can be used in the service of the church. The school had a distinctly religious tone. To a certain point, he had said, the Public jar, hear). Then thb s to take advantage .t was not very widely ) taken advantage of ? .d given a valuable hint teaching, said it had : John Shaw Baid it was schools. He (Mr. Mil j. They must do it very 4le looked with very great oin whoBe hands the schools yiTwrit» deserving of respect, they I of energy knowing how to do their I doing it. Perhaps he had met with .f specimens. They secured the re ^ ^J'their pupils. What was the church *** B)do ? Some advisers told them to get Sr teachers. To do what ?-to teach ¿j side with these trained men. Men ¿e training had been sharpened by lity and practice. That would not answer, they wanted to send a teacher into a Behool J give religious instruction, he must be ?oecially trained to teach religious truth. He had Been many sharp boys who would promptly detect error. Would not Buch a boy notice at once the difference between the secular and the religious teaching ? The religious teacher thus detected would take refuge in the goody-goody style, in stock phrases, unpleasant to old people, repulsive to the young. What then should be done ? He had been a long while practising and some- times he felt hopeful of success. One thing he would recommend to everyone-never to give a religiouB lesson till he had learned it himself. Know whatyou have to teach, he said. And then go to work, not to cram a lot of knowledge down the throats of intellectual beings, but to teach them in a manner that would interest yourself if you were being taught. He would spread the teaching over a wide space, and would take the learners to the back of the subject.. Scripture lessons should be made clear and definite : teach- ing of that kind was of more good than lec- turing. His own plan was to take a gOBpel, read it through, question the boys, and where] necessary introduce a word of explanation. Hie indulged very little in lecturing. They might take his word for it, and it would be the experience of every one, that those who had tried to learn would catch eagerly at an explanation which, if they had not attended to their work, would seem dry. If a boy haB tried to master a subject a little for himself, he will receive an instructor's explanation with respect. It would be most desirable that the work of re- ligious instruction should produce a definite result. There should be an examination of some kind. He would not despair of that be- ing attainable if it were generally under- stood to be desirable. There was now too much effort to produce something that looked .well upon paper, without testing results. -He had once spoken to a teacher about the effect and value of religious instruction, and was told it was of no value, that the instructor could not interest the pupils, and that the master had to punish them in some way after the instructor had gone. That muBt have been a very unsuitable instructor. But the same thing might often happen if the desire was only to say so many schools have been visited and so many leesons given. It was better some- times not to attempt a thing thaji to do it utterly inefficiently. It was be^j£'toiaee ufj. wuu» "îvvx'^^^v.jje cüurcn caree for then^-.jsm^oY>g^o7^S1pector to dib cgwv 4¡'üe extent of their religious knowledge, and it would be f ound.othat the pupils who were best in religious knowledge were most I forward in secular knowledge too. The religious instruction should be made in all case» as good and as interesting as poeaible. It was absolutely necessary that the clergy- man should have deputies possessing some- ' thing more than zeal. They should study I beforehand the lesson they intend to give. They need not then be afraid that the lesson, being so important, woul'd not have a ! real and living interest to those to whom tilly gave instruction. He had spoken perhaps un- popular truths, buó he had spoken them with sense of their truth and their momx.it. (Ap- plause.) oThe Rev. Canon TTBBELL said in the pinion he had expressed about Roman Catholicism he was not alone in that room. With regard to the teaching, he said that the desultory teaching now given in Public schools was worse" than useless. If good systematic instruction, such as would com- pare favourably with the secular instruction, co»'1^ be given, that would be desirable. (Applause.) The Rev. C. WALSH thought that religiouB instruction was impracticable in the majority of schools. He had discovered the value of catechising on a small scale. It WOB a pity denominational schools were being and were to be done away. ' There was now and would be a marked absence of religious tone in the children of the colony. He valued secular instruction, butin giving it they should follow the lines of the old country. In the old country religious instruction was intermixed with secular instruction. No doubt good youths occasionally come out of the public schools. It was the fact that in England, in the board schools, 98 per cent, had the Bible read by the will of the ratepayers, It was an unreasonable thing to expect the clergy to do the work of religious instruction here. The laity should rally round the clergy if they wanted the work done, and put things on the right track. Other denomina- tions were preparing to take advantage of the open door in the Public schools, and the Church of England should do the Bame. And let them try to work on the English lines. Major BOLTON had always been opposed to the Public Behool system and especially to that which was claimed as one of its great j merits, the mixing of the children of various creeds and social positions. Denominational schools, in which religious instruction could be systematically given, were in every respect preferable. In those Bchools rever- ence was taught, but now reverence was beiDg done away with. It was a pity that the Church of England did not, at an opportune time, make a greater effort to keep her schools. But she had not kept her schools, and in her present position what was her duty ? It was to make the best of her position. The clergy should go into the Public schools as often as they can. He did not ascribe larrikinism to Public Behool teaching, but it waB desirable that religious instruction should accompany the secular instruction which had been described as so good. Something might be done by Sunday school teaching, but there must be religious teaching in Public schools too. The Rev. B. E. SHAW said in very few schools was there provision in the shape of a class-room for giving religious instruction. If a clergyman went to take the children out ror religious instruction, he found them en- gaged in the ordinary course of les ions, and could get no place to take ¿hem unless he ob- tained a room from the teacher. At the same time he said the clergy will not have done their duty unless they make every effort in their power to carry out Christ's teaching and the traditions of the Church of Eng- land, as to instructing the young in religious truth. There was the defi- nite precept in the prayer book, «gainBt which nothing could be said. If they said they could not follow these children into the Public schools-that there were insuperable difficulties in the way-yet they should try, and not give up till they had proved that the obstacles were insurmountable. If they could not feed their sheep in their own pas- tures, they must follow them into other pas- tures. He thought indeed the difficulties were insuperable. There was. a difficulty in getting Buitable catechists and teachers it was not alone a question of payment, but a question of efficiency. Efficient men must be well paid. And such men must have something more to look forward to than to remain catechists all their lives. A man who became a catechist would not be satis- fied to be nothiog else, and the church might as well provide a curate in every pariBh at once. Then there was the difficulty of at- tending to all the Bchools where there were twenty say in a district. The clergyman and a single teacher could not grapple with twenty schools. Therefore, in case of failure in this direction, they should be prepared to thro w their strength upon other points. There were the Sunday schools, and they must try catechising. They might also try to associate the young in religious societies and in clubs, and they should urge upon parents the duty of establishing family worship. (Applause.) The PRESIDENT said catechists could be recognised as a distinct class of teachers, but there were difficulties in the way of establishing such a class, and he thought they would have to depend upon the subdivision of some of the larger parishes. It had been said the Bible had been excluded from the Public schools on account of the feelings of the parents. But he had read the reports of an inquiry proceeding in South Australia, respecting the introduction of the Bible in the State schools, and he had come to the conclusion that the difficulty of admitting the Bible existed not in the con- victions of parents, but in the opinion of agitators. In England he had much to do with schools, and he never heard about the denominational difficulty. The London School Board scheme waB a thoroughly Biblical scheme. Of course there was a conscience clause in the English Act, but very few children were withdrawn from the religious teaching under that clause. He could not agree with the notion that it was better not to go to a public school at all to give religious instruction than to go Beldom. The value of the clergyman's visit did not depend alone on the lesson he gave, but also upon the fact that it produced in the minds of teachers a sense of co- opera- tion," aaiin^the children a feeling that the church did not forget the children. The children were shown that they were objecta of concern to the clergyman, and that to teach them he was willing to put himself to some trouble. Occasional visits showed in- terest and excited interest. They should not fight shy of the work because it could be done comparatively rarely. It could not be done frequently at present, and the grand remedy was the multiplication of parishes. And then the difficulty would be met by increased pas- toral power. It came round to this-there must be more clergymen, and to provide the need the laymen must recognise it aB a ques- tion for them to solve. If the thing was to be done, the laity must throw their practical sympathy into the work, and must help it with their money. He had come to the meet- ing with some degree of dread. He was deeply indebted to those who had spoken on the various points of the question, and hoped the hints given would not be thrown away. He hoped, in Bhort, that the conference would prove useful and that much good would result to themselves and those in whose be- half they had met. (Applause.) The conference was then closed with the episcopal benediction, 