"Yes, Sir, I'd Slioot Him.* Six or eight congenial spirits sat ^around<stove in a Grand River grocery the other night and after several other subjects had been ex- : , . , - A 1 tu hausted some one introduced that 01 panic inchurches, theatres, and halls. This gave Mr Hopewell a chance to remark: " Gentlemen, I just long to be there." " Where ?" " Why, in one of those panics. Yes, sir, I'd give a new twenty dollar bill to be in the theatre one night when there was an occasion for a panic. " Why ? " Why, because one cool, level beade-1 man could stop the thing as easily as you could end that barrel of flour." j " Well, I dunno about that," observed one of the sitters. " There is something awful - in the cry of fire, and hear it where and when ' you may it startles and frightens. What could you do in a theatre in case there was a . cry of fire, and a rush ?" j " I'd stand upon my seat, pull a revolve: j from my pocket, and shout out that I'd shoo': • the first man who attempted to crowd or rush. I One cool man would check the panic in ten I seconds." While the subject was being continued the ' grocer withdrew to the rear end of the stor poured a little powder on a board, and gave three or four men the wink. Directly ther was a bright flash, yells of "fire!" and "powder !" and every man sprang up and rushed. Hopewell didnt spring up and talk of shooting. On the contrary, he fell over a lot of baskets piled between him and the door, got up to plow his "" way over a • rack . of - brooms, . and when he reached the sidewalk he was on allfours, white as a ghost, and so frightened that he never looked back until he reached the opposite side of the street.— "That picture," remarked Mr. Goldbud* "has got the finest camera obscura I ever saw." "Jim, " remarked his old friend and fellow-citizen from Pumpville, with a look .of intense pride, "sens you got to be a m aire your culture'sjest wonderful."— " I don't miss my church as much as you suppose," said a lady to her minister, who had called upon her during her illness,' 7 for I make Besty sit at the window as soon as the bells begin to chime and tell me who are going to church, and whether they have got on anything new." A Highland gentleman, on "the point of starting for the country, left his purse containing^ 100 at the railway station. On his return to his native town his purse was brought to him by a clerk, who expected a slight recognition. The laird took his purse and counted the money, and then looked inquiringly at the clerk, who said in astonishment: ' Isn't it right, sir ? Richt ? No was the ! quick response, " whaur's the interest" Detroit hee Press. illion- New Fork Commercial Advertiser. 