QUEER FELLOW-TRAVELLER. A TRUE STORY. w' revs art I had occasion to take a ,. .-r etr tohe north--' journey which -rramTr my tsravelino' all night Afew Ei bd yreiv an invitation from .. f mi e, who lived at a town which i t o dine and stay the night at <-"-s:', invitation which I gladly ac I: t wooa prove a pleasant break in a~: n,'t of the journey. I resolved, ,:,:? nrrmace matters as to arrive a .. . time for dinner, and proceed , - , s::'tio next morning. Whben the " -c'l I wa' very busyr; so, after a . I packed up a few necessaries -?- 1. to Easton, where I arrived ~: , inutecs to spare. I asked for _, -- whic~ the conductor pointed out. -Ifc yi toof t hdltanrr ye oO'Il S-,C,:h ttet was but one o o?. 1 t. settle ylf for my jo t ly y, and \- : t : rime I had lesur to o my r:-:rr'lc-. owo I ratherprile myself :~: j'*!e of physiognomy, and my S^-_-es:ons of him were the reverse of I:. le was evidently a fidgety, : of man. lie had restless grey er x:.::: mich expression in them, while L '..:ri r.l b ward wcr of areddish hue. He ai, - ;-i is a leon ulster, which I thought :: ::we..c-ry. for, thoueh it whs late in ?- y?,. weather was by no means cold. :.:0e 0, c the s.at lnside him a small -.e b:t' :ron ly bound with brass, and S:.? "ere ce,.santly glancing from this k:: : - a war that I did not at all like. S:::. t. re - visio:ns of plots, infernal :e:- Ca1 I do not know what. After _Y-.:; me sl:Sdily for a few minutes, he ' !t pib:e. sir, that you are not aware d- , ..ea- e b:Tng resorved for State ofl. . ,? R.7. danot eei.g no indication .:'0:::, ire:':i that : r: : aware of sech being the euse." "T-. si:.' he replied. I must beg of -:,y - :to vacate it, and leave me here :.: c that the train was going at " ant: forty miles an hour, and . o: = : -:Op until it reached a small -: . wa to my destination in about c : :i.n, I could not quite se why I rc .--o e with his request. or rather an-:' I::.: I frankly told him so, adding cr i as much right there as he had, i :- itend moving." .1 ,: .i h a most solemn air: : fate ia on Your own head." _ b:;,a to frith:en me, for the man's \- -::r c :^: me that he must be in "·pr tuect of an hour's journey S a ima n was not calculated S lea. However, I put a bold \- '-.tter. and affected to be en. 'i ::-w.ppe:r, though in reality S- "" "?: hi. every movement. He S1-: of the wooden box and . knee, munbling some atticu. :.; n suddenly replaced it beside Sh .:=,:: no I caught a climpse of Sa ?o,:.ol sticking oat of his pocket. i=' :to more defensive that an um -.r. a rrl of papers, which, in eon : t:ei: length, 1 was compelled to ' r and. I'retently he began again. *"n. d ... redied the marvellous powers 1'rd n the negatire. i ar sid he; I and hearie arrd at c a r-:ch of perfection that, aided by the c =t' of this box. I could blow this train to etr7.y i:1 it to infinitesimal atoms" -E^ I "arid, "how abontronarelf f" cal mly mount into the air and ., ? ithout injury." I.'e r:,ti,~,' isy my business; look :.':. for me I Ho rveer. I made me :t; Wk "::ich ",-'med to satisfy him ; : n: iotosilence. I feltmare °r " :r . :,":i of hies madness, thinking : ' escape? fromn some private S :r.,.s evidctl a reatleman: I e :.I unde:stand what the hr, t i he ?raured sc jealuslt. I felt : r h:m, in opit: of my dangerous S .....:. trind anotelr tnck. and S cmm 0n1!ace remarks to him ' I.: ar re in monocallable±, 'c': u inF aut with: ,' to r i tddres te, sir, without o-e: .r:cd '- me who you are. -'t=-^.r srprises me " bestt - to hnmorhim, and handed =? c d, on which was inscribed :'"J. '. I guessed you were a Smith ; son re : a blacktsmith, if I roars jutge " t on your face." iterebe broke tanesl laugh. When he had finished . said ' Do you want to know i c .ii 1 hc.naht I might as well know his ".- did not mind. adi he, leaning forward and peer. : m eyes. keeping one hand on the : "..you lir tjumped into the carriage ,'-e -Khan of Tartary; but the wonders y-:ci:y are such that I am even now :::c ; I suppose I may be anybody in a ,or even minutes." -I suppose I e- -r'prise, for he went on: "Ah, you ."rpriee; hut, perhaaps, you will "-::7 lieve that my temper quite depends o I may happen to be. Not long ago I cnverding with some friends, and I sund y changed into the King of Sam, and re they could get out of my way I bit Se of their fingers off. You should have them scatter. Ha, ha, ha I" Good gracions!" I exclaimed. "You 't mean it ?" Oh. yes, I do ; but do not be alarmed, I " r am so dangerous unless I happen to :me that character." Len he sat quiet, and I was thankful for :le peace. All at once, to my alarm, he ,quto aencooernedly .... I feel it my solemn duty to inform you I am changing, and that in a few te I shall be theKingof Slam." .tinctirely I looked around for some . of escape, at the same time gradping "'elLda firm, resolved at lerst tosell tny ',' dearly. It wasn't worth while chang 0-., n just at that moment I heard the ie of the train announcing oar approach Sext deptt. I collected my things c: ,ear me, so as to be prepared for a 1 Cuit. the more so as I noticed the feel. -,1 iis 31ajesty of Siam were being :' t p to pitch of excitement, and the \- w -- 0.oued his teeth would have terrified *' nerrons man than myself. As we -he d. ep't the train alackened speed, "" : tepped. Just as I jumped out ?i made a spring at me; but I "iy- aocided him, and shut the door \- ::. I got into the next ear, which :? ; and as the conductor closed the cI -e,,ct : "Here, I ay, there is a ": - Bu-lt the whistle drowned the .'''I r.tne, n and the train moved off -, .j? th.:e to complete it. Isatstill e of nervonusneass, expeeting : :: .e train itopped at the station for \- Loaund and I jumped oat . As "at ca I could see him aittingthere quietly ; and I went into the station-master's room, and told him what had happened, ad. -sing him to take some means of securing him. He promised to telegraph, but said it was no business of his, and with this assur. ance I had to be content. I then went off to my friend's house, where I arrived just in time for dinner. I suppose the traces of my fright still remained, for no sooner did I enter the dining room than my host exclaimed : " Why, what is the matter, old man! You've not met a ghost on the road, hare you,, I told him I had seen somebody a good deal worse than a ghost; and, during dinner, I related my adventure, upon which they all congratulated me on my narrow escape. After dinner I went off early to bed, pleading fatigne and the next day's business my ox When I awoke in. the morning, I found time, .o1 L ·-·': · -·e . an oni As I shook hands with him at the depot., he remarked that he -should like to hear of the man being caught. I transacted my business, and as I had time to spare, I turned into the first hotel I came to, and walked up into the billiard. room, where I met Fred. Charlton, an old school-fellow of mine, who was playing bil liards with three others. Heseemed ;urprised to see me, and asked me how I got there. I told him I had come down there early that morning, and I then proceeded to give him a sketch of my adventurous journey of the night before. Fred. smiled, and said: "Ah, yes, old man; I heard something about it." " You heard something?" I said. "From whom !" "Well." he replied, "I'll tell you all about it, for the benefit of the company. Old Harris, the diamond broker, told me last night that he had just come down from the city. When he had taken his seat in the car at-, all alone, just as the train started. some fellow rushed in. Harris said he did not much like the look of the fellow ; and as he had about 40,000dol. worth of diamonds with him in a small bor, he began to feel un comfortable. He said the stranger was a strong, active man, and if it had come to a struggle for the diamonds. Harris would have no chance-for he evidently felt sure the fellow meant robbery ; so he determined to try and frighten him out of the car by pretending madness, which he says he did so effectually that the fellow, in sheer fright, FORBES TAKEN PRISONER. bolted at the first stoppage, and left him to finish his journey here alone. But we did not know that you were the hero, old man," said Fred., as the whole four burst into'such a shout of laughter that I never heard before. " You must stay and be introduced to him afresh; he will be here to-night." I did not stop to hear anything more. I rushed down stars, thoroughly realiing that I been made a fool, caught the first train home, and have not shown myself in that neighborhood since.- iuVainsgtn Star. 