A MODEL FATHER . , Bt David Ckiustib Mbrbat. Chapteb VI. Jack Cameron, arrived at liia own rooms, sat down with a book; before him, and made a | dogged pretence of reading. His chum lit a. | pipe'and regarded him with troubled, friendly eyes. Jack's book was of. small value to liim, as you may fancy, except as a -shield for his emotion ; but ho read on steadily, _ line after line, and page after page, understanding nothing. IIo had already shown more than he cared to show, and was resolute to keep a guard upon himself for the future, bnt his heart was full of rage and wounded love and pride; and, these ' passions rushing through him every now and again like a very tempest, he had muoh ado to keep his limbs still. . To bo in love means much to a clean-hearted youngster. You have jogged along with the crowd, content to he no better than your neighbors, satisfied with an every-day morality and commonplace ambitions after money ond worldly case, and all on. a sudden some boauti fui new presence dawns upon your life, and beckons yon toja level yon had done no more than dream of. And this sweet presence, which bears actual airs of heaven with it, grows more and more lovely and beneficent, and beekons yon higher and bighor, and smiles kindlier and kindlier, until in some unguessed- of moment it turns with a face of hideous derision and mocks your folly. This ih to, bo jilted for money. Your soul rises in despair and self- disdain, and the goddess of your worship-tells you that tho love of women is a cheat, and a heart of cankered brass a poor lad's only safeguard. AU this wns true to Jack CatneroD, because ho believed it to be true. He would not liavo been tbe honest lad he was if many doubts had not reached liis heart. . Loyalty finds it hard to beliovc in disloyalty, Cassidy wutched his friend almost with terror, his quiet seemed so unnatural, and in a whilo his fears assumed a shape bo threatening that . he stole from the' sittingroom and locked np his friend's razors, . "This kind of thing," he said to himself, gloomUy,- " has ended thst way before now." After au hour or two spent in trj ing qniet, Jack rose and fiUed his pipe, and at this sign Cassidy began to bustle about the room and to set glasses and a bottle on tho table. " To their father with the lot of them," said Cassidy suddenly. "What do we wont to go getting married for?. We've got each other, that's been chums now for a dozen years and more, and we'll juBt try to bo content at that, Jack, me hoy, and let the baggages slide." " BUI," said Cameron, breaking siienco for the first time sinco his entranoo, " make me one promise." "Anything in nature," answered Cassidy. " Never speak about this any more. Never hint at it." "I won't, then," said the Irishman, ten derly. "Have a glass of-whisky, Jack." "No. I won't drink now. Goodnight." " Good night." The heartbroken lover went tp bis own room -and walked gloomUy up and down aU night. His companion sat in the chamber beneath and listened to his footsteps. " They're all alike," said Cassidy to himself. " When was I ever unhappy except when I was danglip' afthcr a petticoat? But I'll have to marry now if I spend the honeymoon , in the .workhouse, and that looks Ukely. Faitli, I'd rather stop and bo a companion to tho poor boy there. I know what it is, Jack, mo lad, for I'voboen through it myself, as often maybe as most men, and I can feel for you." Tho watcher in the lower room dozed, and woke to see the first grey gleam of dawn break through the crevices of tho window shutters. The step was still going to and fro, to end fro overhead. Cassidy began to think his friend .took the' matter too mnch to heart, but the thought of going to bod and making himself comfortable whilst his companion suffered in solitude never occurred to him ; a fact from which it may be argued that friendship was a sentiment more solid and enduring than- love in his case.- Ho threw open the shutters ! noiselessly and let the summer morning light into the room, and filling his pipe sat down to read with tho monotonous footsteps still going to and fro, to and fro overhead. Howiand-street, as everybody knows, is at the same time in the middle of Prague and near the middle of London, It is not an erjy street, and only tho roll of a cab or a mail cart in the great thoroughfare near at hand broke on tho silence nntil long after broad daylight hod settled down upon it. ' But when Cassidy had dozed again and again over his book the first of the morning cries sonnded on his ear, and after no great interval the postman's knock camo down tho silent street. The watcher, having throwu up the window qnietly to obaorve the progress of the postman, marked the cessation of the footsteps over head, and, listening, heard the creaking of the window as it rose in the room above' him, " The poor lad ean't believe she's fooled him yet," said Cassidy sadly. The postman's knock sounded at the front door, and Cameron ran rapidly and lightly down stairs. He came back with tbo false letter the tragedian had written the night before, and Cassidy intercepted him on the landing.' He had read it already, and he slipped it into the Irishman's hands without a word, and. passed upstairs again. The foot steps were going to and fro onco more as Cassidy read the wioked lines. "She's disturbed, is she, poor thing?" he said bitterly. . " That's a pity." He threw the epistle on the table, and went wandering disconsolately about tlie room, but, hearing tho landlady astir, he fled like a guilty ghost to his own chamber. By-and-by Cameron appeared beforo him half dressed. "Have yon seen my razors, Cassidy?" he asked. " I— I borrowed them," said Cassidy, blush ing and stammering. Jack Btood by whilst ho unlocked the drawer in which he had hidden them. " You old fool," (he said, with that friendly brutality young men use when they want to hide themselves. ' " I was not so certain of that same," blun dered Cassidy ; but Cameron, returning no an swer, marched off with his recovered property. He looked rather stern than miserable, Cas sidy thought, and indeed the young man's heart had beeu often er filled with rage than with any other passion during that dreadful night, and 1 by this time he had hard ened into an intense, bitter contempt for the girl he had loved so dearly. His first cry ?nder the blow had been repeating itself in his mind all night : " Never believe in honor or honesty any morel" -He told himself how salutary the ' lesion was; and the first- fruits" of Mr. Montgomery Bossett's plot declared themselves in the growth of. a trustful, affectionate youngster into a. cynic. Ho met his chum at breakfast as usual, but without the usual greeting, and having: forced . himself to eat some little food he went down stairs to the' studio and began to work. Only yesterday he would have lightened labor by the singing and whistling of many cheery : staves— he had a whistle like a thrush's note — and Cassidy, as he worked on his own side of the. studio, missed tho customary sounds pf merriment. "Hang it alll" said the perturbed Irish-, man, regarding his work with disfavor, "the j shadows are painted in mud and the lights in ; chalk. How are you doing, Jack?" j "Well enough," said Jack shortly, and j silence fell again. | " Art," said Cassidy, " is nothing apart -. from the ordayal. The last picture I painted —'twas finished last week, and Isaacs has it —bad a fins original notion in it. Two girls sitting on a rustic bench with a poodle dog between them. Now this is a loftier concep-« -tion even than that. Two girls sitting on an esplanade, with a poodle dog apiece. There's liberality for you !" Jack would have obKged his chum with a laugh in the old times, and now the Irishman missed that friendly contribution to the gaioty of tbe day. "Bad luck to me," ho grumbled, "I don't know whether the girls are more like poodles or the poodles arc more like girls. I can't paint to- ! day." Jack worked on in eilence, and Cassidy I fidgeted miserably for an honr or two. A knock camo to tho door at about tho usual ; hour for luncheon, and tlie servant appeared with sr letter pinched in tho cleanest corner of her apron. Cassidy took it and passed it on to Cameron, recognising Bassctt's hand writing. " Tlie letter's registered, sir," said tho girl, . " ar.d tho postman wants a receipt. I Jack walked out into the hall, letter in hand, j and by-and-by returned with it, still unopened, I Cassidy, pretending to be busy, watched him ; furtively through a mirror which stood in ono corner of the room. With bent brow3 the young fellow read through the lotter, and then searching the envelope, drew forth the ring, and after looking at it for a minute tossed it lightly oway, and began to laugh in a manner so harsh and unnatural that Cassidy was frightened by it. "One for love and one for constancy," cried the hapless lover, " and one for happy fortuno. Love, constancy and happy fortune." He stooped to pick up the ring and held it high at arm's length. " I gave her this," ho Said, still laughing in the same mad, unna- natural way, " on Sunday night. Before I gave it I kissed it once for love, and onco for constancy, and onco for happy fortune. And now read this." He east tho letter towards his friend, and it fluttered to his feet. Cas sidy lifted it, and read it through, and then the' two faced each other. " Jack," said his friend, " if ye thought about her twice after this, yo'd be le33 than a mail." " Thought about her !" cried the poor fellow with another wild laugh. " Love, and con stancy, and happy fortuno !" Then he lifted up both hands with a sadden gesture of despair and' dropped them again, and began to rage to and fro along the room, cursing terribly. " Money I Let it cram her hollow heart and burn it 1 Load her with money, and let it sink her to tho devil I Oh, the liar 1 Ob, tho liar ! Sunday night, Bill, only Sunday night. Less than two dayB ago, and she swore she loved me. She kissed it back again — srte did — think of it — onco for lovo, and once for constancy, and race for happy fortune." He began to laugh again, more wildly than before, and this time the laughter ended in nwful tears. Cassidy stood Helplessly over him, with an nnfclt friendly hand patting on his shoulder, " They're all alike, Jack," he said brokenly, " they're, all alike. Don't take it this way, mo poor boy, don't ! You're breakin' my heart as well as your own Jack. But maybe it's brat for you to cry, after all. It'll be the sooner over, me poor Jack. It's as well that she's as had as she is, for you'll be going the right way tlie sooner for it." Cameron recovered his self-possession in a little while, and shaking hands with averted head, left the studio without a word. . The ring lay on the table, and Cassidy, taking it up, looked at it with moist eyes, and dropped it again.' " Such a pretty little girl," lie said to him self miserably. "With such a downright honest, friendly look. And to be such a' cold blooded little traitress after all." . At that moment Mary Bassett was singing like a bird in her own room, and at every note of the love-song she sang her heart went out to Jack with innocont virginal affection. At the notes the tragedian writhed, and remorse already began to sear his soul. Chatter VII. Tho landlady's surmise was true, and tho nearest doctor being hastily summoned con firmed it. " There lias probably been some great men tal shock here," said the doctor. " There has," said Montgomery Bassett, with a white face, in which every musclo was twitching. " Sho has been ino3t basely and cruolly deceived by a young man to whom Bbe was engaged to be married. Is she in any dangor ?" " The case is grave," tho doctor answered. " She will need skilful nursing, and I will, with your permission, send in a professional nurse at once." " Do anything and everything that can bo done," cried tho tragedian. Tho medical man was accustomed enough to scenes of domcstio anguish, but ho thought he had not often beheld such signs of trouble as Mr. Boesett displayed. That gentleman was plunged in deed into a condition of the utmost terror and dismay. He had counted on a tear or two, on a clicek a little pallid, a gait a little languid, a day or two of low spirits . and poor appetite, hut not on this, or anything near it or liko it, and it staggered bim. If she died he would be a murderer as truly and as clearly as if he had struck her down with his own hand. His thoughts on matters theo logical had never been of much troublo to him, hut like the great majority of people lie had certain vague ideas of a future life in which he would have to pay for earthly offences, and there was or had been a tacit understanding witii himself that beforo he laid down the burden of the flesh he wonld square himself for all that, and be prepared .to die ' in a properly reformed and repentant spirit. He thought nothing in 1 the world so wicked as an atheist, and had the highest possible opinion of the clergy. So that he, like other people, began to con sider the great problem which vexed Hamlet's stepfather— how to be pardoned and retain the offenoe. To go back to Cameron and to confess his villauy was absolutely out of the question, and it was just as impossible to acknowledge it to his daughter, even if Blie Bhonld recover. But whilst she lay in danger — and Bhe lay at death's door for days — he did a littlo bit of sustained mental gymnastics, wbich was worthy of him. He determined that he wonld at . least make no approach to -young Weutherley, and no - attompt to induce his child to marry that wealthy and eligible young man. Heaven, beholding this sigh of repentance in him, wonld perhaps overlook his sins, and allow her to recover. Tlitn (though it would have been fatal to his prospects to confess as much at present), when the danger, was over he could do what ho lilted. There is no reason to linger over the edffer- |ngs the great tragedian had brought upon his daughter. They entailed much suffering upon himself, much discomfort, and some money losses — for. he was compelled to sacri fice a fortnight's ..starring at Man chester and r. week in Sheffield. Thea trical papers .- ..orted Miss Bassett's illness, with comments, pitying and laudatory, on Mr. Bassett. When Mary began to get a little strong again, he left her in the care of a maiden sister and the hired nurse, and went upon his tour again, travelling lonely for a month or" so. Encouraging letters reached him often, and now and then a line from the girl herself, short and feebly written, but foil of a trust and affection wbich wounded him whilst it soothed. For he knew what a scoundrel he had been, and what a scoundrel he meant to be, and it was at once painful and pleasant to know that her trust in him was undis turbed- That pale magenta nose of his began to assume a deeper tint, for iu those days he drank a good deal to keep his courage up, and to flood his conscience, and so to reader it inaccessible to Reproach, who generally, it would seem, prefers to go dry- shod. But Mary gradually grew better, youth .and a good constitution being on her side, and against her. will she began to see., that she must go on living. Living, since Jack was false, promised to be but a dull busi- ness, yet she bent herself to the task like a ' woman. Sho had. her father to live for, and that was something. She saw growing signs of age in liim ; and although he had always been kind to her in speech and manner, he had : never been so kind as now. Her ears for his advancing years, and tho ten derness to which, for a timo at least, his- accusing- conscience stnng him, formed a. double bond. Things went on in this way until at tlie approach of early winter Mr. Montgomery Bassett secured an engagement at the Lane. He was wont to play nothing but Shakspearo, and to declaro that nothing but Shakspeare wns worth playing, bnt the new big spectacular and historical play was likely to run for some months, and Mary wanted rest. Young Weathcrley, thongh out of our sight all this time, had not been idle. He had friends in plentv, as any young fellow with his income was likely to have, and some of them who wanted to bo faithful, and to havo their own share of the loaves and fishes, told him candidly what a Billy tiling it would bo for him to marry an actor's daughter. But lie went on growing in his own way more and more attaohed to the girl, and more and more determined ,to win her. He was bitterly in censed at Jack Cameron's desertion of her even thongh it paved the way for liis own ad vanco, and he used to go about breathing threats and slaughter against that unhappy young artist, who knew nothing of his enmity. Now that this settlement in London was de cided upon, young Weathcrley took advantage of it by hiring chambers in the Albany, where ho lived in great splendor. Mr. Montgomery Bassett was thore ofton, and the gilded youth and tho tragedian were to bo seen together on any fino day in the Strand, lounging in the humklo portico of the Cannibals, or walking arm-in-arm, each behind a partagas of young WeatherleyV providing. The young man was pretty often to be seen in Bloomsbnry-square, and he became a familiar figure to Mary; It need scarcely be said that on his daughter's recovery Mr. Bassett's scruples of conscience had vanished. It need scarcely be said either that in a man of Mr. Bassett's temperament, the lies ho ..had told about Jack Camoron soon began to look true by virtue of repetition, or that the actor began to hate the man ho had so deceived and injured. As in the groat world, so in the lesser worlds of which the groat , is made. That which by tho silliest of modern conventions calls itself Society is quite a small affair when contrasted with society at large, and in the theatrical and artistic professions there aro electia sets which occupy relatively the same position. Mr. Montgomery Bassett, when he chose, oonld move in the innermost theatrical circle, and he began now to visit it in company with his daughter and young Weatheriey. They were a good deal seen together, and it- wns generally taken for granted that Miss Bassett and Mr. Weather- ley were " engaged." Now that was a condition of things for which young Weatheriey ardently sighed, and tHe great tragedian labored. Ho chanted Weather- ley's praises all day long. A good lad — a frank, unaffected honest nature — a young follow of tho most honorable impulses — not very clever, perhaps, but a good fellow, a good fellow. "I wish, papa," said the girl ono afternoon, " that you would find Borne other topic. I am a litle tired of Mr. Weatheriey." Grief and illness had not spoiled a naturally sweet temper, hut they had left a sense of irritability behind them. Mr. Bassett was one of those men who imperatively demand to bo brow-beaten, and he was sometimes a little afraid of his daughter. But in this case his interests pricked him forward. " My dear," he said tenderly, " I hope not." "And why do you hope not?" asked the girl, drawing her figure to its full height, " Because, my dear," ho answered, seeing clearly that just then he dare give no further reason, " I am more attached to Mr. Weather- ley than to any other young man I know, and I should be sorry to see you on ill terms with your father's friend." " Tho young man is endurable enough," she said, " but I am a little tired of hearing him spoken of." " Very well, tny doar," said her father sub missively. "We will talk of what you please." The girl ran impuleively to him and hissed him, with a swift seltaecusation in her heart. " Oh, papa," she cried, clinging to him, " I am not tho girl I used to be. I am ill-tem pered and disagreeable, and I liko to make you onbappy. And you are always bo good ond kind, and you never say an angry word to me; and I know how wioked I am all the while, and yet I seem somehow as if I couldn't help it." " My dear," Baid her father, stooping to .kiss her, "you are the best daughter in the world." His conscience assailed him much less severely now than it had done, but it still pricked him a little, and helped to keep him tender in his manner to her. For, after all, lielovcd her in a way, and he was not alto gether an unnatural monster. He had Btabbod her to the heart already, but that had been done out of anxiety for her welfare — it was singular bow wall he managed on the wholo to keep his own considerations out of sight — and if sho married a man for whom she did not care, why, scores of women did it every day, and looked anything but brokenhearted after wards. "I am a very nanghty, wayward girl," ahe answered. " But I will try to be good to you, papa. I will indeed." " I conld wish you no better than you are," he Baid, kissing her again. His pnlso took a disorderly beat, and the palms of his hands grew moist, Bnt could he find a more favor able time than this? "Havo you ever guesBeda reason for my speaking to you of Mr. Weatheriey ?" . " If there is a reason, say nothing abont it, - papa," sbe answered. There was nothing in her manner to moke him afraid of his , en terprise, and he ventured to press his question. " Have you ever gnessed.a reason for it ?" ' "No," she said, wearily, "I have not troubled to think about it. Ob, papa," Bhe cried, laying her cheek against his breast, " I sun getting to be downright false and disin genuous. Say nothing abont tbe reason, dear. If my guess is not a very vain and silly one, I want to hear no more about it." Still there was nothing to Bcare him from his purpose. " He will wait as long as yon like, my dar ling. And it is the one desire of your poor old father's heart" " I am very sorry, dear," said the girl, drawing herself .away from him and looking down at her own languidly intertwining fingers. " I am very sorry." " Think, my darling," he urged her, warm ing to the theme, "Think ofjtlic burden of anxiety the contemplation of yonr future lays | upon mo. I have so little to leavo you, and I cannot bear to think of yon upon the stage. I know the coarseness of the life and its dm-'! 1 gers, the scandals that attend it A good heart is laid at your feet, my dear, an honest, honorable heart, aud a great fortune. I will not nnro you for my own sake, but it may haveaomo weight with yon if you think that I am getting old, that my timo is short, that my faculties are naturally decaying. My popularity may go at any time, and I may live to hear it said — superfluous lags tho veteran on the scene. If I seem to speak selfishly I speak for your own sake after all. Yonr future is my sole" anxiety." In an affair absolute and simple Mr. Mont- goinery Bassett could have achieved the, lie absolute ond simple with no great difficulty, as - he ' had proved already! But hero it WS3 hot easy to be altogether falso, and ho did not care onough for his own child to wish her well, even apart from Ills own interests. Her welfare and his own being both wrapped up together. in this matter, he was moved with a gonuine emotion. The girl's tired heart took it aU for gospel. W hat had she to desire in tho world, exoept to please her father ? Whom else had she to think of ? Yet a marriage without love looked like a blasphemy of that religion of the heart which she hail learnt loss out of books tlmn her own nature. Thinking of it, there were tears in her eyes for very pity of herself if she should yield. Life would be cold and lonely enough in any case, but" bearable without that. " Don't be anxious about me, dear," ahe said, laying her cheek against liis breast again, " And don't bo anxious for yourself. You were never bo popular, and you nover played so well, us you do now. Every body says so. All tho papers say so, dear. Let us live together, paps, aud you shall livo to be very, verv old — a grey old gentleman," she went on with trcmulousgaiety, " with ju3t a little touch of gout — not enough to hurt much, but just enough to look riioe and aristocratic and old- fashioned. And wo will have a little cottage in some country place, papa, and live there together, and '.' — the voice grew more and more tremu lous, and was suddenly broken by a rush of tears—" and die together." Sho ended with both nrm3 about his neck, and ho Btood stroking her hair whilst lie wondered if It were safe to go a little further. He wonld try, at any rate, and he nerved himself. " Yon think so now," ho said, still stroking her hair softly and putting one caressing arm about her neck. "You think so now, but when you come to— to — to think a littlo," he was very nervous, "you will find that you have too much proper pride, my darling, to have it thought that you will always wear tho willow.for a scoundrel." He had wished a thousand times to find courage enough to launch that shaft. It had loft his hand now. The boomerang would have furnished a better simile. The argument was as likely a3not to turn and knock his scheme on the head. He felt her tremble a littlo in his euibraco, and he knew that her tears had ceased; By- and-by sho pushed him away gently, and for a second hid her face in both hands. Then moving her bands sideways and backwards with a firm pressure ou her forehead, and twining her fingers in her hair, sho looked at him with a glance ho remembered to have seen before when his wicked plot first bore fruit. " Nobody," sho answered, with a quiet voice, " shall say thai of me." Bhe left him -standing there without another word. Her father lit a cigar and sat down beside the fire. . "I was. wise to try it," he said to himself. "The case is anything but. hopeless, bnt we must bo content to go Blowly." 