FIFTY J-ASHES. By Atha. CHAPTER I. FULL summer moon over head, casting \JAVp) bars of soft sheen athwart the trees in the public Domain, Auckland, New Zealand. /""tiNc On a rustic bench, beneath the wide- spreading branches of a giant Kauri pine, sat a half -caste Maori girl, and by her side CT& a tall handsome youth, wearing the dark-blue uniform of Caversham's Horse. No Spanish gipsy could boast a more glorious beauty of face and form than 'Kiora Selby. Her mother — daughter of the old Maori Chieftain, Te Puke, fell in love, and married one Tom Selby, a sergeant in the 6 — th regiment, and with her hand came many broad acres in the most fertile valleys of the Waikato, which the old soldier soon converted into a good payable estate. While Kiora was yet a child her mother died, whereupon Tom Selby bought a sung villa outside the city, and sent his daughter to a boarding school until she became old enough to take charge of his household. "And so you are going to-morrow, Charlie." she asks timidly, at the same time toying nervously with her companion's palm between her own shapely hands. " Must it really be to-morrow?" " Really and truly, Kiora," he answered. " The horses were put aboard early this evening, and we sail to-morrow at daylight." " How dreadful this war is," she says in a low tone. " Ah, dreadful, indeed, my darling, but we must not stand idly and see those mad fanatics, the rebels, murder and plunder innocent people. Since Rewi was driven out of the Waikato, the Government have done all in their power to induce the dissatisfied Maoris to lay down their arms, and live at peace with their Pakeha neighbours, but you see it is of no avail. Tipore and his crazy brother have roused the Taranaki tribes to open rebellion, and by so doing have un fortunately prevented one Charles Stanton from enjoying his Christmas dinner under the same roof as Kiora Selby." " Dear Charlie, no one can regret that misfortune more than poor Kiora," she answers softly. Charlie laughs lightly, then stoops downward until his moustache reaches Kiora' s ripe red lips, and — well, the moon only knows what took place, for he was watching them. His Moonship sees many things that lovers wot not of. On this lovely evening, there was no exception to the rule, for he observed, close by where Charlie and his companion billed and cooed at each other, the form of a man, crouching low dow behind a thick shrub, which completely hid him from the eyes of those he was evidently watching — a man with a pale, vile-looking face, which peered out at them from the screen of foliage with a savage gleam in his eyes. The apparel of the eaves-dropper was similar to that worn by the girl's companion, save that he had three narrow golden stripes upon his coat sleeve at the wrist, which bespoke the man a non-commissioned officer. During a long chat, such as lovers usually indulge, the watcher never stirred from his bent position : but listened to every word uttered with a greed that was only borne of deep and absorbing interest. It was only when Kiora rose to depart that he drew further into the Bhade, and in so doing made a noise which attracted the girl's attention. " What was that, Charlie ?" she cried, nestling her self close to the side of that gentleman, and gazing round in alarm. " What iB the matter, dear ?" " Did you not hear a rustling noise ? It sounded close by that bush there," she said. " Sweet Kiora, you are filled' with strange fancies to night," he said gaily. " First it was a shooting star, big with evil portend for us. Now it is a noise as of some lurking assassin. Pooh, my girl, there is nothing — save perchance some grasshopper looking for its mate." " Oh, Charlie, 1 would give all I possess in the world to prevent you going to Taranaki," she said, with sudden energy. " Nonsense. Why ?" " Because I have one morbid fancy that when we part to night it will be for ever." " My darling, I " " Listen to me, Charlie. Doyo believe in dreams ?" " Dreams, certainly. I believe they are dreams, nothing more." The maiden nestled her small head — crowned with a coronet of glossy raven hair — closer to his breast, and looking up at him with her large eyes, said : " I had a terrible dream the night before last — a dream in which I saw what took place as plain as 1 can see those trees before me now." " What did you see, Kiora ?'' " An encampment of armed men, situate on the margin of a lovely lake, and surrounded on every hand by high rugged hills, treeless and barren in the extreme," she responded, in a low hushed tone. " Beyond the tents on a green patch of sward, my dream disclosed a solid square r.f glittering bayonets, in the centre of which were three posts standing upright. On those cruel stakes a man was being tied hand and foot to be flogged like a slave. My God, it was terrible." The trooper put his arm about the slender form of his companion, for she had began to shiver like one in an ague fit. " Did you recognise the features of the unfortunate fellow at the triangles ?" he asked presently. " I did." " And you knew him ?" " Yes.'' " Who was he, Kiora ?" " Yourself, Charlie 1 Oh, the unutterable anguish depected there ! Oh, the misery and the despair, and the sickening, dreadful blows that fell upon my ears like some shuddering horror too great for mortal heart to bear! Yet I was compelled to gaze until the dreadful work was ended. Then I heard a loud shout away towards the cliffs, and looking thence, beheld a great horde of Maori warriors rush like a mighty avalanche upon the square of armed men, and shiver it into a hundred fragments. Then all became chaos and confusion, intermingled with shouts and cries, and a vision of the man who had been degraded mounted upon a saddle and bridleless horse, his bare and bloody back glistening conspicuously above the crowded nelu, until tossed to and fro like a worthless waif, it went down amid the tide of battle, and I saw it no more.'' Charlie Stanton stood silent for a moment. A feeling of some nameless dread began to steal over him at Kiora's recital, but he shook it off, and replied in a bantering way : " Dreams are all my eye, sweetheart. Indeed, it has been said by certain crusty old bachelors that dreams are like ladies, they follow the rule of contrary. Come hold up your head, my dear, I shall return to you 'ere the new year is many weeks old, with all my honors. Think upon me." " I fervently trust you may, dear Charlie," she replied. Then, suddenly lifting her head : " Charlie, I want you to make me a promise — a solemn promise." " Certainly, dear Kiora. What am I to promise ?" " That you will refrain from taking one drop of intoxicating liquor until you return to Auckland." "You little tyrant," he cried, laughingly. "You would like to set a trap for me. You have your tea without stint — which the doctors say is rank poison — and yet one is to be deprived of his glass of grog, simply because that giddy head of yours has been running too much on wars and rumours of wars. But, sweet Kiora, let us change this subject. How lovely the night is." They went out into the soft glow arm in arm — she pleading for his promise — he, laughingly, resisting her. Onward down the green slopes, strewn with murky shadows, that seemed to swallow them up and leave no trace behind. By and by the lurking figure came forth from his lair, and stood up in the full light of the moon — a tull dark men, about thirty years of age, face sallow and closely shaven, disclosing a wide, sensual mouth and strong determined jaw, filled with firm white teeth. " So here you are Sergeant Clement Exloy, playing the spy," he muttered, apostrophizing himself, a sinister gleam in his eyes the while. " Why, who would have thought the ring doves would select this spot for their senseless chatter ? — almost under my nose. Humph ! My limbs are racked with cramp. Confound them both. What the devil can there be about this weak iooling dandy, that she must prefer him to a better man. Aye, one, who cares more for her than he does." He stood with folded arms a moment, watching the direction they had taken. " There ye go, Charlie Stanton, with the whip hand of me, but take care, my lad, I don't checkmate you. For ten years you and I have been what modern society calls friends, Charlie ; but modern society little dreams how I hate your friendship. It has robbed me of many things I had set my heart on, even the love of this proud wench — who has thought fit to treat my advances with scorn and insult, since you have taken the field, Charlie, vion chr. Well, well, I am content to bide my time, Kiora Selby. Dreams have been ful filled 'ere this. I have the cue, my weak-minded spark, and it shall go hard but I will use it to advantage when opportunity offers." He followed in the wake of the lovers with a slow and meditative step, his head bent, and his hands clasped behind his back. " If my friend Stanton has one pet vice above another, that vice is drink," he muttered, pausing in his walk. " Not a sot, who loves to tipple alone, until he is speechless, oh, dear no ; but one of your gentle manly, social souls, who cannot say nay when it is placed under his nose. Let him promise if he will, he cannot resist it. I have studied the man. Twice has he risen to the rank ol sergeant since the corps were formed, and each time degraded to the ranks again through his love of good liquor. So, so, Charlie, all's fair in love and war. , Therefore, I'll bait my line and angle for you my friend. Once landed, I see my way to la belle Kiora, and her broad acres." Sergeant Exley, of Caversham's his pace, crossed the park, and entere thence his walk became slower, until he reached Shortland Place. Here he halted, and stood watching the front of a pretty villa on the opposite side of the way. There must have been something very attractive here to engage the sergeant's attention, for he remained on the spot close upon two hours. He was still waiting and watching, when a young man issued from the house, humming a favorite opera air. " Hollo, Charlie ! well met, dear boy. Where have you been ?" cried Exley, in a surprised, yet pleasant tone. " Just ran over to bid the Selbys' good bye,'' replied Stanton. " But what are you doing down this way Exley?" " Ah, taking a walk under the moon to view the city. I guess we shan't have another opportunity of viewing the spires of Auckland by moonlight for some time to come. Truth is, Charlie, I'm glad to have met you." « Why?" " Because I was just making my way to the Albion where I've promised to meet one or two jolly fellows to take a parting glass. You will join me, of course." " My dear Exley, nothing would give me greater pleasure, but " " But what ?" " The truth is," stammered Charlie, " I have made a promise not to touch liquor of any kind until I return from Toranaki." " Phew," whistled the Sergeant. " I'm sorry for that, inasmuch as you will miss a bowl of the best, punch, and one or two of the most comic dogs in New Zealand. Good night." Sergeant Exley turned upon his heel, but .Stanton caught him by the arm. " Hold hard, Exley. We sail early in the morning ; it's almost morning already, therefore, I'm with you. I can accompany you without breaking my word, eh ?" " Certainly." And the angler went in with his intended dupe, and brought him forth in the grey light of the dawning day, staggering, uproarious, and with his promise shattered to the winds. CHAPTER II. fHERE are few scenes in New Zealand more grandly rugged than the Chan Valley, Taranaki, the spot where the Volunteers had formed their bivouac on the 24th of Dec., in anticipation of meeting the rebel Maoris. It was Christinas Eve, the time night, a Cg" calm lovely night, with moon and stars studding the dark blue canopy of heaven — as on the night of the advent of the MASTER, nearly nineteen-hundred years ago. The camp was composed of six-hundred rank and file of th:.- Auckland Rifles, together with one troop of Caversham's Horse. The latter had pitched their tents on a small hill adjacent to where the commissariat stores had been piled and covered over by a large tarpaulin. Of the sixty men of the troop, ten of their number had been told off as guard, under the charge of Sergeant Exley. The supply of grog and provisions are only limited, and needed but one sentry at a time to keep watch and ward over them. There were six quarter casks of rum standing in a row Hanking the stores, — a terrible temptation and dangerous in the extreme to any poor tippler who chanced to have charge in the still dead night with no eye looking on. This idea appeared to have taken possession of the sergeant, for he called the guard together about the watch-fire, and said : " Comrades, 1 need hardly remind you of the general order issued this morning. We are under martial law here in the field. Colonel Bartopp, as you all know, is a very strict officer, and will punish the slightest neglect or carelessness with severity, mind that, and above all remember that any man found tipsy while on duty, will most assuredly go to the triangles. You understand ? " They appeared to understand very well that drunken ness would be punished only with the lash, and they glanced towards the rum-puncheons, and thought the sergeant a worthy fellow to concern himself about their welfare. There were others about the fire who did not belong to the guard. One, a short, broad-shouldered, jolly-looking fellow, who had evidently seen more of the ocean than terra f Irma , if one might judge by his gait anil his conversation. His name was Bob Cable, and while the sergeant warned his men, was deeply intent attempting to balance a camp-pot on the rough nose of a magnificent water-spaniel at his side. This experiment with the dog appeared equally interesting to another individual, viz., a bare- legged Maori lad about fourteen, who stood by with mouth agape. The boy, who answered to the nam de plume of " fcjanfly, ' was one of that gender known as a camp fag and general knock-about amongst the troopers. He could speak English pretty well, so far as lying went, and was withal one of the most mischievous young vagabonds in Maoriland. As the night waxed apace, there arose a keen east- wind, which made the air biting cold, and set the white tents shivering like so many sheeted ghosts under the moonlight. The Maori lad, prowling about for sonic place of shelter for the night, found a snug corner beneath the tarpaulin which covered the stores, and there retired to rest without more ado. 'The party round the fire gradually thinned, until only two persons remained seated by it, — Charles Stanton and Bob Cable. It was easy to perceive that a warm and sincere friendship existed between these twain, yet no two men were more opposite in person \and disposition, lhe one handsome, gentlemanly, and Wiiued in boar- ing, but weak and yielding to pusillanirl'ty. The other coarse, plain of person, yet obstinate and determined as a bulldog. How came these of posites to be friends ? Simply through one little act of kindness. At the storming of the Maori stronghold " Te Ranga," Bob Cable lay bleeding to death outside the enemy's trench, from a severe gash in his side received during the attack. The Volunteers were repulsed, but at the risk of his life Charlie Stanton walked coolly out to the. trench, and brought in the wounded man upon his back, amidst a perfect hailstorm of Maori bullets. It was a, gallant, kindly act, and Bob had often spoken his gratitude in language more forcible than polite. And here they sit by the fire, with the dog between them, and a small flask of rum, which has been emptied to the dregs in fighting their Waillato campaign over again. Presently there is a call for number four of the guard. Charlie Stanton rises hurriedly, wishes Cable " good night," and answers " Here." It is his turn for sentry, and he is marched over to relieve the man posted on the stores. Silence now reigns throughout the camp, save for the wild screech of the pelew out yonder by the lake. Sanfly crouched under the friendly covering of the tarpaulin, is suddenly awakened from his rosy dreams by the sound of voices in the vicinity. The Maori noiselessly lifts one end of the covering and peeps forth. Sergeant Exley is standing with a pannican in his hand, talking to the sentry in a low earnest tone. " Indeed, Charlie, I see no great harm in taking a glass of grog on -such a cold night. We are not in town where it could be easily obtained, therefore one must get it by stealth. Of course you are on sentry, and can prevent my taking any, but I must say a small half-pint out of one of these casks would never be missed." " Perhaps not," answered Charlie Stanton, carelessly, " Pray do as you please, you have command of the guard, but I say, Exley, what about that lecture you gave us respecting general orders, and Colonel Bartopp's stern discipline ? " The sergeant laughed in a quiet way, and replied, " W ait until you're promoted again, Charlie, then adopt my plan. One side for the men, the other for your friends. Surelv vou were not impressed with my caution. Lord, I feel inclined to roar sometimes at all the fuss and humbug put forth in orders-general or otherwise. Red tape and bunkum. Bunkum and red tape to the end of the chapter. I'll bet Colonel Bartopp has not retired to his tent without a skinful of good liquor. Why then should we, comrade, who have to .watch through the long night in this sharp wind, not whet our whistle when it is here ready at our hand ? " " Bravo, Exley ! Very well argued. My orders arc to allow no one to meddle with the commissariat except the quarter- master, but I repeat, you are my superior officer, and — there are the casks." " Gopd. This fellow here seems a little apoplectic, we will bleed him." " With all my heart, but how will you do it, through his bunghole ? " cried Charlie, laughing. " No 1 Only a bungler would go to work that way. See here, 1 have a gimlet. Now, keep watch while I spile this fellow's frontispiece." Clement Exley cast a triumphant look at his companion ere he went down on his knees to bore the rum puncheon. Had the goodnatured inconstant dupe seen that look, he would have thought twice before hob- nobbingrwith the subtle and crafty scoundrel before him. But Chkrlie Stanton, measuring the man by his own standard, saw nothing in it save a good fellow in want of a nobbier, and who had pluck enough to hazard his sergeant's stripes for it. Crawling from his lair as silently as a serpent, Sandy beheld Exley holding the pannican over a thin stream issuing from one of the casks. How the liquor hissed and gurgled as it spouted into the pot ! When the utensil was full, Charlie held his thumb to the hole until the sergeant plugged it up again. " Now, comrade take a nip." " After you," said Charlie, modestly. " Tjhe girls we left behind us," and the sergeant put the liqpor tp his lips, but. he did not drink any. " ri gfvdiiat plediitahvall my heart," responded Charlie, in lmost emptied the pannican at a draught..' lvipbyfaway his breath for the iionce, but that cold. " What do you say, shall ? goblet, Stanton?" < " By all means, Exley," and the pot W&s; i«#denfehedv « I did not expect we were going to have"s|p|?||| time in general," said the sentry, seating hiffishlf \ion ; one of the pancheons, with the can of rum between liii% knees, " Come, Clem, take a sip and pass the decanter." In a short time the measure was again empty, and once more refilled. The fiery spirit was at least twenty degrees over prool, and soon began to tell upon the troopers. We must be cautious, comrade, and not arouse the sleeping guard," said the sergeant, as Charlie became ratliler noisy. " It is now past midnight, and I don't expert the visiting officer belore four o'clock." " foil, bother the visiting officer, pass the nappy, Clem\" " l\ suppose you don't mind my relieving you when your t\wo hours are up, Charlie ? " " N\it at all. I am content to remain here until dayligmt, providing you leave me the gimlet. Heie s your hcj|\th, Clem, and may you live to be a general." ' \ The sergeant watched him with glistening eyes. " Steady, comrade, you will be tipsy," lie said. " 1 1 nonsense. Here, hold my carbine, the pot is empty." One p.m. by the sergeant's watch, and the sergeant's companion is growing thick of speech and rather prosy. In another half-hou'- the poor dupe is stagger ing about, moralising to the empty air, like one of Congreve's heros. He will have another sip of the liquor, and lie lias his way, for he is beyond, reason now. The rum has mastered him completely : anon he is nothing but a grovelling bundle o!' humanity, his laugli cracked, sense gone, and talking — ye Gods 1 — such rubbish and ribaldry, that the sergeant grows disgusted and leaves him alone in his glory. The officer of the night begins his rounds earlier than was expected. At three a.m. the Commissariat Guard turned out at his summons, and was dismissed as correct. " How many sentries have you, Sergeant Exley ? " " Only one, Captain ! " " I will visit him." It was usual for two men of the guard and the non commissioned officer in charge lo accompany the officer when visiting the sentries. Exley called two of his comrades, who conducted the captain over to the stores, bnt of course there was no one to challenge their approach. " Halt," cried the officer, " how's this 1 where is your man, sergeant ? " lie asked in a tone of surprise. Before the question could be answered, the Maori lad emerged from his hiding, and pointed out the dark inert form of the tipsy sentinel stretched upon the floor fast asleep. A light was brought from the tent and they tried to rouse him, but in vain. There appeared no need to inquire how the man got drunk on his post. The leaking cask, the gimlet, and the pannican half full of liquor on the ground beside him, told its own tale plainly. " This is a very unfortunate matter,'' cried the sergeant, with well-feigned regret in his tone. " What is to be done, sir ? " " Done ! why your duty, Sergeant Exley, of course," responded t.ie captain, " Carry the poor devil to the guard-tent, and nut. another man in his stead. I'll report to Colonel Bartopp on my return. Good-night!" Morning came with its rosy blush, tinging the hill tops and kissing the sleeping encampment into renewed life. It found Sergeant Exley pacing moodily before the guard-tent where his unfortunate victim lay slum bering off the fumes of intoxication. " Is this but the prelude to her dream ? " he muttered. " Gad, it would seem so. Here are the circle of hills around, bare and treeless, overlooking the valley below. Yonder the Ohan Lake gleaming in the early sun like a burnished shield. What more ? Shall the curtain rise to-day upon the first act of the dream ? — the formed square, and the man tied to the triangles? We shall see. Charles Stanton, it would have been well had thou or I never seen Kiora Selby. Poor wretch, sleep on. When thou wakest thou wilt, see the cat ready. And now to snatch an hour's rest." He turned into the tent, and at that moment the voice of Sanfly was heard calling for Snap, the retriever, who ran frisking towards the lad in great glee, and the pair raced down the hill towards the tent occupied by Bob Cable. CHAPTER III. fOLONEL BARTOPP, an old Indian Officer, and moreover a strict disciplinarian, was one of the last men in the army to pardon any serious breach of duty in the men unde his command. According to the Veteran there could be no crime so heinous as disobedience and 1 neglect in the field before the enemy. The lives of a thousand — nay ten thousand men, may rest upon the care and watchfulness of one sentinel. The General orders that evening contained the con vening of a Court Martial for next day at noon, which in due course assembled, and the culprit was brought before it to answer the charge of being drunk on duty. Charlie Stanton was not sober, and answered the ques tions put to him in a hazy way, which only made his guilt appear all the more culpable in the eyes of his Judges. Once only during the proceeding, and when Sergeant Exley was giving his evidence, he put up his hand as !:"if about to rebut: the statement, but the president com- f mantled, him to be silent ; and so he remained until the , -'proceedings, terminated . ;; -ithe jerdict, " Fifty Lashes." Thereyg-.v neither ..time nor season for any other mode oLpmnibenfe5 . Not a cwnp; ,;hu€ feit sorry-' lor the unfor- tunate prisongfejpjgQ — but eV(;n iie appeared so. yg dupe, and received credit lor beig. a obdTellow. Our friend Bob Cab looked askance at the Sergeant and shook his rough Rate. " I cannot understand all this palavar about stri„ping Qliarlie Up at the gang way," he said. " v\'re not sogers, leastways uot regulars. Damme 111 ee Colonel Bartopp. There's something in the wind \ that's not fair and above board. ' Ami away ina).cj1(3(j accompanied by Sanfly to the Commander t, tent. The Veteran was in no humor to listen to anybdyy> The 0ourt 1Ad dccreed| and punishment must folk Therefore, Cable and the Maori were sent to fheright-about in double quick / f time. " A pretty story, indeed to come here and tell me that the prisoner was aided and abetted by the Sergeant of the Guard," cried the old officer, as he dressed for parade. " Egad these fellows would swear a priest out of his robe, if need be. It won't du though, of discipline be not maintained, the service will go to the devil. Bugler, sound the assembly." The sun was just beginning to dip behind the lofty peak of Egmont, as the men formed- up on parade, to witness the punishment. On a wide level patch of grassy land at the base of the hills, the triangles had been fixed, under the superintendancc of Jack Staples, the Drum- Major, who now stood by with two drummers, each with a brace of cats under his arm. Around these Colonel Bartopp, formed his men into a compact square. Then the prisoner was escorted into it by a file of armed men. Stantons' face is pallied like that of a corpse, and the perspiration hangs on it in great beads ; otherwise, the unfortunate fellow appears unmoved. Yet, a close observer would have noted the tight compression of the man's mouth, which plainly bespoke a courage to bear the coming punishment gamely. Within the square stands the Colonel facing the prisoner ; on the left the Burgeon of the Force, and on the other side, where all eyes may see liim, Fred. Heywood, the Adjutant, who unfolds a parchment and reads therefrom the finding of the Court, and the punishment awarded. The reading ended, the culprit strips and is tied hand and foot to the triangles, without a word. All is ready. The drummer takes off his coat, picks up the cat and gives it a preliminary whisk though the air. The Doctor, holding his watch in the palm of his hand to time the blows, looks to the flogger and calls : — " One." With a whistling sound the knotted cords fall heavily athwart the bareback of the poor wretch, leaving a dark crimson stain from neck to loins. — " Two." Again the lash decends, leaving the streak wider and of a deeper crim son. " Three." Charlie Stanton shudders, and is observed to clutch the poles to which he is fastened with a convulsive grip. "Four, five, six, seven, eight," calls the monotonous voice, and the cat whisks and whistles and falls upon the man's white skin, until twenty-five lashes have been administered, and the blood begins to flow. Some of the men forming the front face of the square turn away their heads from the sight of such a degrding spectacle, others beg leave to retire until the scene is ended. The second drummer, a tall burly fellow, had taken up the cat to proceed with the flogging, when Bob Cable, who could brook the sight no longer, rushed from the ranks rifle in hand, and bounding to the triangles, felled the unoffending drummer like an ox — with a smart blow straight from the shoulder. " Take that, you son of a lubber, and be d d to you,'" he shouted, hoarse with passion. Colonel Barlopp stared aghast at the presumtious intruder for fully the space of a minute or more, utterly unable to ejeculate a single word. " You you audacious scoundrel. What do you mean by interrupting the proceedings of this parade 1 " thundered the old fellow majestically, when he did find voice. " How dare you, sir !" What is your name?" "My name is Bob Cable, yer honor," replied he, wheeling about defiantly towards the Colonel. " This man whom ye are degrading beyond hope of redemption, risked his life to save mine. I can't forget that. Better to have given me leave from parade when I asked for it, for damme, I' am not a-going to stand by and see ye murder him, let the reckoning be what it may." The Colonel felt apoplectic at the fellow's cool effron- try, and began to stutter, but could get no further for his life.- . " If you fancy this sort o' fun, gen'man, well, I cries halves," continued Bob, " here am I, an old sea dog, not worth much I reckon, bnt to be moored alongside o' these posts. Tie me up. L' 11 take 'tother twenty-five — and welcome ; only cast the poor lad adrift. Cut him adrift messmates." " Fall back, sir," cried the Adjutant, advancing with his drawn sabre. " March, or I will cut you down this moment." " By the lord, the mutinous rascal shall have the bene fit of a general Court Martial for this," roared the Colonel, purple in the face, with pent up passion. " W ell, I'am ready," replied the obstinate Bob in a searcastic tone. " Have a turn at me without the Court Martial. Don't make two shows over it, for I can tell ye my mates, don't care for the performance. See here," he cried, lilting his serge jumper and dis closing four medals penned to 'his vest beneath. " These things were given to me in the Crimea and in India by one of the strictest Admirals in the whole British Navy. But I'll be d d if he ever keelhauled a man for taking glass of grog. Come now. " At the beck of Colonel Bartopp, a dozen men advanced to seize the refractory volunteer. " Stand by mates," cried Bob fiercely, at the same time posing his weapon for attack, " I have no wish to harm any of you. Not a bit of it, but I mean to have Charley cast adrift, or damme, I'll let daylight through some one." Everyone who heard the determined ring of his voice, felt certain that the man was using no empty threat. At this point the prisoner lifted his haggard face toward his lrieiul, and said : — " Give up the rifle, Bob. Don't get yourself into trouble on my account. It's no use now, old fellow. The worst is over. Come, hand it over comrade, and submit to the guard — do, for my sake." The pleading voice of the sufferer had its effect upon the stubborn Bob at once. " Ay, ay, all right, Charlie," he cried, at the same time handing over his rifle to the guard, who forthwith led him out of the square. Once more the drummer takes his stand, and again the terrible cat whistles and falls upon tlufoffender'n back, until the whole of the severer flogging has been administered. Then Charlie Stanton is cast loose from the triangles. " Colonel Bartopp, I have a boon to crave," he says modestly, folding his arms upon his naked chest. " What is it ? Speak." " This man, whom you have sent to the Guard, pray pardon him, Sir." " Very well. I'll see. A determined rascal, but I'll see. Anything else ? " "Only this, Colonel. Yonder Sergeant Exley, is a treacherous villian." " Tut ! the Sergeant only did his duty." " Nay, he did more, Colonel Bartopp." " Enough Sir," and the Commander waves his arm in token of there being no further parley allowed 011 the matter. While he is turning, about to give the order . for the men to break into open columns — there comes suddenly the sharp crack, crack, crack of rifle shots close at hand. Before the Colonel can monnt his horse, or ascertain the cause of the commotion, a great irregular horde of Maori Warriors are seen rushing down the hillside head long. The Volunteer Scouts are overtaken, swallowed up for an instant, and left mangled in the rear of the flying host, who slacken not their frantic career, until they have dashed themselves against the solid square, rent it asunder, and there remained a vast mixed up, undis- tinguishable mob, who fill the air with shouts, and yells and curses. The Rebel Chieftian, Mangahite, with his herculcean front towering above the struggling mass, clears a lane right and left of him, as if the volunteers were so many dried reeds. Amidst the din and the roar of voices, Chief's hoarse battle cry is heard and answered by his followers on every side. The Maori have pierced the ranks of their enemy through and through, until the latter, deprived of the Colonel and most of their officers, fight sturdely in groups of tens and twentys. Nowhere is the rebel shout so loud and daring, as round a small ring of volunteers led by a half-naked man on horse back. This man appears to bear a charmed life. Steel and lead, alike leave him scathless, while round him on every side his comrades go down and bite the dust. " No quarter, kill the Pakeha, " roars the Maori giant and his followers. A brave cheer answers it from the devoted few around the rude horseman. In vain Man gahite casts himself against the little circle. In vain Te Kooti and the chief combined, try to break it. Now here — now there — advanced — forced backward — now lost amongst overpowering numbers — the bare backed horseman keeps his seat, and his front to the rebels. Those of his comrades who have divided and split in the first' irresistible rush of the foe, now draw together round him and follow his lead. Discipline there is none. Like the great struggle at Inkermann, it is a hand to hand contest against odds, and as at Inkermann — the odds' are beaten and routed but not before Charlie Stanton has been unhorsed and trampled underfoot. CHAPTER IV. T was early morning following that determined attack on the camp of the Volunteers. Out yonder, among the high ridges, forming the coast wall, the defeated Maoris have halted to f gather together the stragglers, and to rest the wounded. A small army is here, but they are a bruised and battered host, exhibiting wounds and blood and dust on every hand. They have made one of the hated Pakehas a prisoner. The chiefs hold council what they shall do with him. The captive is none other than Sergeant Exley. In the final rush the rebels had borne him along with them in their retreat, and here he stood amongst the scowling savages, — dejected, hopeless, with the lowering doom of a speedy and cruel death awaiting him. It has been said by one who knew these peculiar people well, that for cool, deliberate cruelty, for stubborn hate and revenge, no race on earth can surpass the Maoris; indeed there is no stronger feeling in the bosom of a warrior than that of retaliation. In the hour of victory he has been known to show mercy to his captives, but in defeat never. At that disaster which befel the 1st Waikato Regiment at Nangiti, Major T , who fell into the hands of his foes, offered Tareta five thousand pounds to spare his life. This sum would have bought up the land for which they were fighting over, but the chief refused the offer with indignation. Fortunately Major T escaped; while they held council as to his mode of death. Not a man in New Zealand knew the cruel nature of his foes better than Sergeant Exley. He knew that after their sore drubbing they would not have given him his life for lands or money. Te Kooti came forward and ordered the captive's hands to be untied. " Will the Maori allow me to ask him a question ? " said Exley, looking at the chief. " Speak, and be brief," replied the savage. "You have decided to kill me?" " Tut, the Maoris are not murderers. Your life is ours by right of battle," answered Te Kooti. " Granted. Te Kooti is a warrior, he would not like to die the lingering death of a dog ? " cried Exley. " No ! Te Kooti will die with his meri in his hand, and his breast to the Pakehas," he assumed, proudly. "Then I would crave a soldier's death at your hands," responded the captive, eagerly, "Blindfold me here, place your men, and so let the bloody work end." The chief smiled — turned on his heel without reply, and beckoned to half-a- dozen warriors, who came forward at once. At a sign they led him away beyond the trees to a clear space, on which stood half-a-dozen roofless whares. There was a glorious view from this spot. The ocean in all its immensity, like a vast round mirror framed by the blue horizon, and dotted with ships that appeared no bigger than a toy. Away to the rear gleamed lakes, with sombre forests and mountains piled up to the roof of heaven. The gaze of the wretched captive looked not upon this sublime scene. To his vision there was nothing beyond a tall strong post, standing like the broken column in some old churchyard, and to which his enemies led him and tied him fast with strong cords of raw flax. The unfortunate Sergeant did not submit -to the shambles without a struggle. With that dogged bull dog courage inherent in the Anglo-Saxon race— be they good or bad — he stood at bay and fought them with his fists, until hacked and bleeding from their meris, he was dragged to his doom. "Ye cruel fiends of hell, kill me at once," he cried, in agony of spirit; and these were the last words uttered by Clem Exley on this earth. He was hoisted bodily to the apex of the post, and his foes retreating twenty paces distant, took their muskets, and pierced his body with bullets. Lift up the curtain on another scene. It is a Maori village, situated five miles beyond the scene of the late conflict. The natives here are friendly to the Pakeha, and have given up their ten whares to the dying and the wounded Volunteers. On a bed of fern in one of the huts, our friend, Charlie Stanton, lies weak and helpless as an infant. There has been a long dark sleepless dream upon him, a dream of agony and thirst unbearable, with mocking phantoms jabbering at him in his helplessness, then a change to quietness, and sleep that seemed of death. Opening his eyes to a knowledge of things mundane, Charlie sees the place filled with stalwart forms stretched about him torn and mutilated. By his side there is one man with a bandage round his body from the loins to his neck. This personage is propped up against the wall, looking intently at him. " Oh, blow me into a lee scupper-hole," he cries, trying to raise his hands. " Why, bless my old top- lights Charlie, I thought you was on your beam-ends. Just try and reach me your fin, boy." Charlie smiles and attempts to put out his hand, but fails. " Is that you, Bob ?" he asks. " Ay, ay, mate, here we are like eels in a pot, only not so frisky," answers Bob Cable. "How do you feel?" " Queer," replies the patient, looking about him in a hazy sort of way. " I say, Bob, what's all. this about ? Where are we ? " " Well, I reckon we're in Pukelima, so the Maoris call it," replies Bob. " Have we been here long ? '' " About four days, Charlie 1 " " And you, Bob ? You are wounded.'' " Only a bullet-hole in my hull, mate, but Lord bless you, that s noffin, so Jack Parker the surgeon says, but avesfc Charlie, here he comes." The doctor entered the whare, followed by several assistants, and two Maori women. The men's wounds are dressed, after which Stanton doses off into a deep refreshing sleep. At the end of a week, Charlie , and Bob are so far recovered as to be able to sit up and converse. " How did you get that ugly hole in your side, Bob ? " says Charlie. " Blowed if I knows mate. When the rebels came bearing down upon us I seized my rifle, and joined the game. It happened that I was tussled by the side of old Colonel Bartopp in the scrimmage. The old fellow had a dozen Maoris round him, and fought like a bear, but they broke his figure-head, and down he went like a smack in a gale of wind, with your humble servant on top of him. We lay together half the night, all at sea. Bye- and-bye I heaves up a bit, and finds my arm broken and a hole in my bulwarks that you might have put a marlin'-spike through." " Was the Colonel killed ? " " Bless you, no. He rouridBto all at once like. ' Who's that ? ' says he. 'BoFi'-Cible, your honour,' replies 1. ' Cable ? ah, I remembenlno says, and with that he catches me by the olaif?KW<3®ob Cable, you are a gallant Mow, and if you and 1 live through this night, damme, I won't forget yqu,' he says. ' Well, I hopes you won't, Colonel, but vfl iktfsHhe' row,' says I. 'You have preserved my life/and by gad, sir, Tom Bartopp will prove himself grdtefut.' " - Says he, in a humble way, " And, splice rr>y tql>- knot, if he wasn't as good as bis word. When we were being removed, next day, in the same waggon, be shakes hands with, me, and, what do you think ? he jeaves this big gold watch in my fin. I was going to refuse it. when he began to splutter like he did when I defiednim on parade. ' D — m you, \ sir ! ' he cries, 'put it in your fob this minute, or by the Lord, sir, I'll flog you as sure as my name's Bartopp.' The surgeon galloped up, and told him he wasn't to talk, or it might be fatal to him, but he told Jack P irker to go to the devil, so I kept the watch to please the old gen'man. Isn't it a boomer? " Charlie Stanton gains strength day by day. Two of his wounds are very serious, but he is able to crawl out of his roost betimes for an hour or so. One morning the Doctor visits him, ami says that he must be removed at once to Taranaki. Charlie wonders to see two or three strange people with the good surgeon, who by his directions, wrap the patient carefully up in soft rugs and convey him to a roomy yet easy carriage that stands without. For some hours poor Charlie appears as if bis old night-mare was coming over him, until he is driven to the township, and conveyed to bed within the principal hotel, then he opens his eyes. Before him stands Kiora Selby. Her deep love for him had brought her to Taranaki — nay, more — she had gone in person to the Volunteer Camp, and obtained sick-leave for her wounded lover, and thus had hitn conveyed to where she could nurse him. Now the worst had come, she bowed down her head where he lay, and thanked God that the evil was past, and while she knelt, the wounded man's arm stole round her. "Ah, Kiora, in my misery and the lasting degrada tion which has fallen to my lot, it were better I had been slain 1 " " Hush, Charlie ! " " I have prayed to die," he murmured, with some emotion — " prayed that I might go out of the hurly- burly, before the full sense of my shame came back upon me with returning health." She raised her head, and nestled closer to him. " That was a sinful, wicked prayer, dear ! " " Ay, Kiora, I am but a coward after all," he said. " Full of sin and selfishness, I feel this moment, more than ever I did before, that I am unworthy your love." "Do not gay that," she cried, "your love has not been tested yet, Charlie, but in the future " " I have been degraded like a slave. What has the future to do with me, Kiora ? " " Everything," she answered fervently. "Atonement, self-sacrifice, the will and the courage to prove yourself a man, and a good man, before God and the world. That is your future, Charlie, and with the help of heaven it shall be my love shall aid you to secure it." He spread wide his arms — " Come to my heart, brave Kiora. I am weak indeed, but I will be strong, my girl." " And resolute, Charlie ! " "Ay, and resolute," he answers. " You shall see." And Charlie Stanton kept his word. In conclusion, I would just draw the reader's attention to a short paragraph which appeared in the Auckland Times, six months after date. "Married, at St. Stephen's-on the-IIill, by the Rev. Canon Davit, Charles Seconda Stanton, to Kiora, only daughter of T. Selby, Esq., J.P., of this city. No cards." THE END. 