EUROPEAN¿.AifylÍlCAN BREVITIES. (From thchjdroil Eclio. ) . j CODFISH skins are now UBed to make gloves. Wilkie Collins isl at Torquay suffering severely from rheumatism. Who shall decide I when doctors disagree. The undertaker, of course. : It is claimed for a certain Boston bank that it has ten tons of gold on,its vaults. Tile eruption of Mo nt Vesuvius is on thc increase. ? - Jewish exiles from Russia are arriving in Chicago faster than the ' can be cared for. Thc Marquis, ¡of. L rue will continue to govern Canada" for thre years longer. London Times says he time must arrive when the weak 'Oentr 1 American countries' will be absorbed into th United States. Sara Bernhardt is sti dying English with a view to returning to I he United States and playing:.8bakspearean c íaracters. Latest reporta from Peru indicate that the whole interior is brokei up into local factions warrine; against each o her. The Temple of Lon levity, the largest and j richest monastery in South China, has been burned by a mob. ' ! A noir law in Kai las -forbids any person Darry ing within six nonths after procuring a divorce. Nearly 2500 new bu ldings have been erected io Chicago last yeai at an aggregate cost of $47,000.000. Miss Leona Horn, < f Peru. Neb., bas ahead of hair sixty-eight ii ches in length and has refused 8500 for her t «asure.. A Lapser athlete M mts to wrestle «orne one "grecy roman style.' He had better wrestle with a eiielling-book f rat. Miss Vanderbilt's v edding dress had a train fifteen feet long, and t wasn't a narrow guage train, either. Mlle, Bornhardt ii in failing health, but declines to quit the st 13e even at the solicita- tion of her physician. Wagner, the compoi er, will visit London in April to conduot the r hcareals of the Nibel- ungen " in person. President Arthur li sens his wife's pioture, which haugs in the A Tirite Honso. wreathed with flowers, whioh ar : renewed daily. For his first operatic a on the President last summer Dr. Agnew's 1 ill is $5000, and for his other medical attendai oe $27,000. The boy who held a leer.by the tail in the water until it drbwnéd lives at Indian Uiver. It was either a short d 'er or a long tail. Captain Howgate, w 10 occupies a celt in thc same jail with Guitci u, waa allowed to go homo under guard and eat Christmas turkey with Iiis family. A speculative young man in Maine bought up all the pews in a ch ireh, got up a religious excitement, and sold out at an advance of $500. 1 A petrified alligator «early six feet in length is said to have been! found in solid.rock, twenty feet under ground, in a quarry two miles from.Saratnga^pfinge. ' Thc'NiW girls iget t cir beaux to vaccinate them: lt 'alleviates tl ó'pain wonderfully to have the loved, ones sc what beautiful arms they liavr..: ^ M 1 ? » Ulissfielii tías a won an who doesn't want to vute and doesn't bel: ive in woman's rights, yet earns a livelihood 1 y sawing wood with a bucksaw, , The eccentric King Louis of Bavaria bas suddenly disappeared from his capital, and detectives are scurry: Jg around in search of the missing monarch. . ; '1 Mt. and Mrs. Eli M'Dougall, of Paw Paw, found a basketful of gaby upon their doorstep a few. days ago. It was just what they wanted., ;' Christy, tho' negr minstrel leader, left an estate of about $: 90,000. lint it has been reduced by Titigatii n to'$35,000, which has boon awarded lo thc heirs of his widow. John Bi Ingraha a, a Huntington county, Pa., miner,' placed s can of dynamite, ph tile stove to dry. The lace whore he lived with his vMfe and four'chi dreh Ts How indicated'fey a large hole in the ell >und?n ''?'".? , ' ' Eagle, a .Nez¡ Pe ce: Indian,] having).tile small-pox, and beinv deserted by his tribe, calmly 'dug' hié own dravo, ïay down in it and died. This story ¡oraes from 'Lewiston, Indaho. ' , ? ? '"' ' . . ' Robert Hall's anti ism «pan Dr. Chalmers is equally applicabli to many a modern divine : " His mind i :ems to move on hinges, not on wheels ; there s incessant motion, but no progress." The! New Tori: Sim. lays tile so-called Btar of Bethlehem, which bl zea out at intervals of 310 years tin the const Ustión ót Cassiopeia, is' noiv visible in telcscop s. It was last seen and described by Tycho Bi che in 1572. The weather in Eng md,- as in this country, is remarkably mild. Ripe raspberries and strawberries are reported in the, Isle of Wight, and song birds and wild flowers in parts of, Kent. At Easton, Pa., .ode day . last. week, the Glendon Iron Conman ' touched off a blast to charge which require I ten tons of powder. Forty thousand tons of solid rock limestone 'were broken into fra; nents l>y the explosion. Dunmire, the liuslu nd of Guiteau's divorced wife, who stood by h r side with hiB hand on his hip pocket while 1 lie was giving her testi- mony, says he would have ended the trial at once had Guiteau offe cd her any insult. Great Britain cm iloys in undergronud occupations no fewer than 378,151 persons, and tho length of t ie gallery where the mining is carried on is found to be 58,744 miles. Thc greatest d pth of the coal miucB is 2,800 feet below the level of the sea. L. von Faber, of Fal er pencil celebrity, has been made a baron b; ' the king of Bavaria. He has n largo factory a' Stein near Nuremberg, alao mills at Cedar F eyes, Florida, where ceiiar logs are worked 1 p for export to be used in pencil making. A' New York firm is importing potatoes from Scotland, and s' tipping them to the mining districts of Peni sylvauia, where they arc sold at a profit. One hondred tons arrived on Saturday, am 1000 tons arc soon to follow. " What is believed to be the largest steam boiler in the world ha1 just been built at Wiesenthal, in the grand duchy of Baden. It weighs forty tons, and tl e builder celebrated ita completion by giving lie workmen a lunch inside of it, thirty person i sitting down to the table. The matrimonial boon at Niles still con- tinues, and there isn't a marriageable woman left there who is utterly (without hope. The tidal wave of affection has carried some off their feet, who were supposed tb be most firmly anchored in tho calm bay of confirmed old maidenhood, A split one dollar bill wo* r«eent?y passed on a linn at Colorado Springs, and subse- quently tho other half was presented at a bank and refused. It is thc first instance known of a fibre bill being split, and the process by which it was effected remains a mystery. A hawk and snake were captured uear Ablienc, Kansas, under, singular circum- stances. Thc hawk was holding the snake's head in its talons so that it could not escape, and thc snake was coiled snout the hawk's wing so that it could not hy. Both were alive \ According to the official report nf Frank H. Titos, United Statos commercial agent in Guatemala, some enterprising Yankee has sent a cargo of skates to be sold in] that country, where thc natives can go without clothing all the year round. He evidently thinks they should have something to wear. J Fred. Kolliuff, of Saginaw, lied one end of a halter to his cow's born, »nd the other to hia left wrist, and inateall of Fred, leading the cow «be led Frcd..|ania«hing bis shoulder and making him 611 la forty-aore swamp full of howls and Gorian impreca- tions. I A man up in North Star, Graliot county, tied a sheet about bim, and wedt forth one 'dark Dight io scare s ce /tain small hoy. The boy did not scare mnchjbut filled his pockets " '?? full of atones, and peltei the ghost during half ?' ?* mile of, bard running..- The " ghost isn't well " this week. f A cnuutryboy upon coming to seo the sights was taken by a town f Jrfnd to see the theatre. When the lights wcreilown and the play had commenced be was lianded an opera glass. Examining it as oloscfly a« tko darkness of the place would permitj he placed it to his lips ¿nd turned it upwlrds.. Finding,that no liquid was coining ort of it, be banded it back lin despair, »nyiaJ: "It's empty, John; there's no'a single Brap in't," 