ORIGINAL TALE. THE GILDED CUAITN; OR, .-.,H.E ".'8STRETE" CURED. BY "GERONTIUS." SCHAPTER 1. " Fill the bright goblet, spread the festive board Summon the gay the noble and the fair ! T'rhruogh the loud Hall in joyous conceit poured, .Let Mirth and Music sound the dirge of Care ! -Scott. "Lord of the Isles," Canto IIn, .Christmas Eve, 1858 was, in the matter f" wea her, as murky, snowy, and chilly as Christmad Eves in Germany usually are It was an evening to be spent indoors, with closed shutters to the windows, yule-logs ?p'n the hearth, mistletoe branches on high, anil peace, laughter, and happy prattle every where. That was the way to do the square thing by the sinister- looking Christmas Efe : that was the way to "rise lie dander " of the bad- tempered gobblius, :iv'hio were (as the legends inform us) solely responsible for it. But there was one in oti? little (tierma town of Ems to whom the: weather was a cause for sympathetic congratulation. Herr Prost, the son of the wealthiest banker in the district, sat at aimiusic desk in a pleasantly furnished 'rhily, the violin he loved so passiooately iiear at ihandt, and a heap of disarranged mitic beside it, an d Herr Prost looked decidedly as moody and forbidding as the weather. Herr Prost was a good hearted young man, but he was " too utterly " sentimental, and selfish to go through life pleasantly; and, as a consequence of this, he was dull and moody on Christmas Eve. .Tl'he very genius of the unpropitious weather, he sat there, listening to the solemn ticking of the great clock on the stairs, till he dropped off to sleep; and whilst he slumbered, " he dreamt dreams:" t., ,rii; a.s fullotiw. CHAPTER II. " Home they brought her warrior dead; She nor swooned, nor uttered cry ; All her maidens, watching, said "She must weep,.or she will die.'" -Tennyson.. ' The Princess. He was in a strange land; strange faces were round him; atrange accents of a foreign tongue meeting his ear. It was English; he knew English; but it was English with a slight ns.sal and peculiar twang. The men dressed strangely there. They wore long, narrow, nether garments and a coat called vulgarly a "swaller;" they wore no three cornered, or cocked hat, but a felt covering termed a " nail kag." They weretboroughly independent, and 'said': to be what they meant, and all the 'poor people dressedtl well. These poor people did not looh doson when the great Herr Prost passed by, as they should have done,--(he was Geheims-Commerzienrath, and might have displayed half a dozen orders on his breast), they simply stared at him good-hutmouredly, and some of them suggested that he might mention unto them in confidence the name of his hatter. Some of them also, alluding to his silk stockings anid knee-buckles, suggested that he might dance "Old Dan Tucker" for them, with propriety. (He forbore, out of the goodness of his heart, from calling the watchmen and having the people de tained). He passed along a magnifident street with lofty stores and residences, stretchirig away intterminably. He looked in": if:lighted shopl, scenes. People were buying and selli',,r, ta!kini and laughling, chaffing and s''preeing; malting things pleasant for everybody, and "everybody else likewise." So, quite bewildered, he turned away and tried to count the gaslights flickering overhead. Trhe snow kept falling--fallinig. He wondered ifthat street would ever have an end. A small hey with a large hamper ruffled his velvet warb. Half despairintgly he asked hin the name of the street. • "-Broadway, I rather think,''iwas the ieply. " I wish to get. to uay father's place, my lad. To Herr Frederick Prost's. I suppose you know where that is? " he inquired. "Well, all right souny, said the boy, you can go of course. Only don't be long away." And young America went off whistling a bar of "Yankey Doodle." Broadway! fhought Herr Frost-Broadway. There was no street named so, in Ems, nor even in 'Eltville, where the Prost villeggiatura was; and dazed with the thought he leaned up against an. iron railing fronting .a mageiificont mansion. He wanted to think. Presto! .The mansion doors swung open. Music swept out on the air. The perfume of flowers came with it, and floods of pure warm light.. While, crown Igg feature df all, the apparition of a young lady of wondrous beauty, standing on a broad marble stair-case and bidding " good-bye " to a parting guest, met his gaze. This; thought Heir Frost, is the fairy of ths scene. Now, all the weariness was over. 'A new-being swept in upon his soul. He lived again in fancy's realms, and took long odds wildly. He rushed in before that beautiful presence, and besought her " to pity the orphan far, far away in a wild foreign laid." S She nor swooned, nor utter'd cry : She simplypsaid, " No doubt!" Then she called out "John!" and an elderly foot man made his appearance. "John!" she said, "take this young man .downstairs. Give him, John! what you call a good square real, and see him safe off the premises." SCHAPTER III. "All that is false in this world below, Betrays itself in a love of show ; : Indignant nature hided her lash In the purple black of a dyed moustache i 'The shallowest fop will trip in French, - The would-be critic will misquote Trench; . . In short, you're always sure to detect . A sham in the things folks most affect. ' .- " "--Bret-Harte. Ashes of all the Prosts! Ghosts of all his ancestors! Was ever such ignominy heaped upon your name? He did not take the meal. Hie backed into the street -right in amongst a Choral Society, and right down upon some of the worst corns belonging to it, and after that there was a storm,-and the son of the chief banker of Ems left. He ran like "-the wounded doe" being assured by the gamins of that terrible place, whom-he-passed upon the way, that, "He 'ud win!. Sure!" 'A remark that made him blood-thirsty 'for their rats of live.. He reached a corner at last, and he struck up against a man,.a man with long legs, long nose,'.lean cadaverous, wrinkled face; keen, cunning, flashing eyes; under shaggy eyebrows, checquered clothes, and a hat of the class which the man himself would term "long sleeved." The' man was smoking lazily, and '" propping up a wall." He seemed the only one [Ierr Prost haid :net, who wasn't in a huurry; s'o our hero accosted him. " Fine night I Sir!" he said. "Wall," .replied the iran, meditatively, "ef it. don't rain ! " " Would you be pleased to tell me the name of this city. I'm a stranger here, and I don't know my way abont!" " Hum," said the man, "Rather strange, aint it naow! Fond o' your joke young man," he added in a sharp cool lone. "Not at all, Sir,". said the lost one; "but I really left my father's (Prost's Bank) this evening, and I feel quite lo.t " '' 0 ! father's a banker is he,?" said the man, with a doubtful chuckle. "Pleasant old feller to rear a chap like you! Wasn't he now?" he inquired. ' O! do not jest!" said poor Herr Prost Do not be so cruel! -Pray, have pity on, me!" " Look hyar young chap," crie' the man, "you'd better make yourself skeerse" (he was evidently very much -annoyed). "Them antics ofyourn dou't becomeyou; but if you're in raal airnest say so, and you're welcome to a night's lodging tu homne." "O! thanks my friend, 'I'm in real, down-right, earnest I assure you!" "Sartin ?" queried the man, with a sidelong glance at the youth. ' 0i yes." said Herr Prost, "I pledge you miy: word, indeed!" 'The man shut up his pipe in its'case with" a sharp click; turned on his heel; paused; hit a particular spot- on the pavement with a .tobacco stain, and said "Come 'long." CHAPTER IV. O land of lads, and liberty and dollars[!? O ! nation first in schools, and last in scholars 1. Where few are ignorant, yet none excel, Where peasants read, and statesmen scarcely spell, G. 5l. Stiles (Am. Poet.) The rnan was of that persuasion called Yankee. He was ignorant, and rich. Hle hadn't struck learning; but he had "ile," and "ile" pays better than learning in the U-nited StateP. The man lived on Tenth Avenue. lHe had a wife and two daughte s-" darters" he called them; and he suseestcd to Herr Prost, that if Ihe were a Prince von Frost he would "go down better with the gals." So "the" Prince" was ushered into the man's saloon, where the man himself dared not tread, and the Prinice was grand in hiinewly acquired greatness. Angelina, the eldest born of that man's house was fairly won to the Prince, anid she being good-looking, and there being "another fellow" in the question who had received his conga, the P'rince was beginning to feel that his heart was more somebody elses than his own. But--O! Fate! O! pantomimic wand of Mishap ! Why did a carriage drive up to that man's door? Why did something in tulle and silvery lustre rustle on the stairs, like a rush of angel wings, ? Why did it look in upon his happiness, just when Angelina, and he were close tognether, alminost under thie miistletoe ? Way ? Yes, 0! why? Why did that figure and that face cause him to turn pale? Why did he remember that he had seen that girlish form under sad circumstances that very even? Andt why, above all, did he almost reel when that image of Adverse Fate, sang out, amid a peal of laughter: " Why, Ang$! what masquerade is this? That's the man that came begging round our way half an hour- ago, and when I wanted to start him kindly to the butlery, with John, rushed out like mad! Law, Seeks! Angh; how queer you do go on!" Angelina turned on the Prince. "How dare you" she said, "a Prince indeed! If we don't see your back outside these doors sharp, there'll be mischief. Naow !" cried Angelina, glaring like Nemesis, (or an untamed mountain cat of thIe Sierras). ''The Prince simply went. He did not stand upon the order of his going at all. There was no ceremony-no leavetaking. He Ssimply went. He ran down the stairs, out the street-door, but once more into the starlit night, and breathed freely again. CHAP PER V. "WVhat art thou? If thou livest I know That thou art good, and true, and fair ; ' But there are dreams that whisper low, " Thou dream'st ! Thy passion paints the air !" -Aubrey De Vere. From Pshpye. He pastled on, and on, staring wonder ingly around. till he came to a-more crowded thoroughfare, close beside a marble portico belonging to some New York T'l'allow Prince or other merchantile celebrity, was a little group--a queer little group. If Herr Prost had seen it outside his door in Ems hlie would have thrown up his window, flung the party whocomposed it some coins, and said: Hist! Beggars! go away like good people! Don't bother ! " But these people wer'nt beggars, just here. Somehow he could'nt get the hang of the word, to call these people,even in his heart, "beggars.!" Franz Frost's sentiment had been all selfish. He was the centre of the senti ment-its only .idol. So the Pathos, which that queer. little group possessed, wasa new thing to him. He had no idea that beggars could be so interesting. There was an old mari seated on a weather beaten drum,-two trained dogs, outlan dishly dressed, dancing before him, and a monkey perched upon his shoulder. Beside the old grey-bearded veteran, stood a girl, tawdrily dressed, but beautiful as the mountain heartsease among crags and furze. She had an oval face, dark eyes, an olive- tinted complexion, and a truth telling glance and smile: a face, not pretty, but handsome, unmistakeably handsome, and'not worn but anxiou.s. Herr Prost rapidly took in the scene. He approached the group, He told them his story. They all listened, or were still, while he spoke, and so seemed to sympathize with him. Old grandpbre shook his head, said " VWell, WVell," and sighed; otherwise the story did not agitate him in the least, And Lucille-the charming Lucille, whom Herr Prost could almost have worshipped in her ragged adorument,-Lucille, thought a moment before opening her mouth, during which moment she read Herr Prost from head to foot; and then, that tongue that our sentimental hero had expected would trill forth our barbarous English, with a sweet pathelio Italian accent, that tongue and voice proceeded to drawl out in the conventional way : "I reckon young man, your're rather at sea. Fancy is what is the matter with you; and its rather a slick killer is Fancy. You can't cheat it out of'a laugh in the end. You'll find they'il give you one hundred cents to the dollar in New York, and nary a cent more, if you fancied they would ever so. Them's my sentiments, said the maiden, and you'll find they'll wash," Herr'Prost staggered back with a groan, thoroughly despairihg of ever finding one being who could understand his nature. Was ever such language as that heard from the owner of a countenance so divine, as that whirh that Americanized Italian possessed? And yet he had heard it. It was bhiut too reel. The mocking anomaly stared him in the face. CHAP'I'ER VT. " A souch, akiss f the charm wams snapt. There rose.a noise of striking clocks, "'And feet that ran, and doors that claipt Andbarking dots and crowing cocks; A fuller light illumined all, . breeze tiioilgh all the garden swept " .A: sudden hubbub shook the hall And sixty feet the mountain leiapt." \--Alfred Tennyson 'The DayDream. Ding! Dong ! Ding!: Ding! rang the chimes'; and people went hurrying by. T'here was a church further down the street.. Ding ! rang the. bells ; and Herr Prost could not help thinking of the Eng lish legend, which he had read when a boy and half muttered the words " Turn again Whittington," without Rishing to do so. A white ar:n gleamed .in the "dar: ness revemled, " beside him. A touheh, came on his shoulder: a light touch. It wasn't the traditional cat ? Surely not? and Herr Frost started. No! It was some one whom he knew though-some angel.form of earth whom he saw very often, and thought little of in consequence: some girlish friend, whose name he was not ,iermitted to remember. " Come! said the wondrous visitant. And Herr Frost went. For'once he believed there would be no deception, and followed his guide. She showed him the interior of a beautiful church, with lights and Christmas decora tino and a crowd of worshippers, while floods of muic rang through the arches. "What beautiful astheticism" thought Herr Proct! What sentiment ? And he longed to rush in, wildly; but his con ductress restrained him. " I don't believe exactly as these people do, said she; but I'll tell you what I admire in them: they are verylratical. That was, of all the most bitter blow. It was as if Heaven itself even smote his pet thought. He turned from the beautiful, but unsym pathetic guide, to go he knew not where: but she detained him, "Franz! Dear Franz!" she said,.soothingly; and he felt her kiss upen his forehead. " Franz! Dear ! " re-echoed in the sleepers thoughts. He knew ihe voice: the name is He grasp ed for it-struggled nanufullyin his mind to catch it; and in thatmental effort, he awoke; . ! 'i' CH APTER VII. -" NowI lies the Earth all Danne tb the stars, SA nd.all thy heart lies open unto me. Nib?v slides the silent meteor on, and leaves A shining furrow. as thy thoughtsin inse." -Tennyson. Irlain "The Princess." "'11 tuo ouor chiuso a tutto ii mondo apristi" Laara in Petrarch. ":Yes, Franz Prost had been dreaming at his music-deak,-fast asleep, as the reader knows; and as of course the reader is not surprised to hear that he- awoke. What happened, when Franz PFrost awoke was simply this. His cousin, Moida von Lehiback, hung over hin, and held her hands 'over his eyes for a bit, till he guessed who it was. Herr Franz spent a good while, guessin_, before he guessed right, partly because there was a good' many friends and relatives coming to spend Christmas at the town house in Ems, and of course it might have been any of a long string of name; and partly, because, he felt sure, it was Mloids, and he was debat ing wvhether he shall seize the hands, and make the fair owner pay the penalty of a "chaste salute" for the invasion. How ever, he guessed right at last, and then " the little bit of sunshine, as he called her, sat down on an ottoman near by, took Frariz's violin and bow, and began "to thrum mischief. " "Are youlawake Franz ! " the little fairy would cry', every' minut?--meanw iile "sawing" ',way with the bow and :enjoying his toirture, . O! Dear Yes!" Franz would reply-his hands covering his ears. "O you Iconoclast! You little rebel! 'How dare you." "There!" said Moida, at last, and the violin and bow were given up. "I have been dreaming Cousin Moida " said Franz, "such a lot ! I must have slept quite an hour, " said he looking at his watch. "Dreaming ? Have you! O! tell .the stupid thing to me. Do Franz, that's a good boy.! " " Thank you!" said our herodrily, at once, beginning the story. There was only one reminisence which Franz slighly carried awfay .from that tite-i-tite,-it was thiu: When he. spoke about that " being of fairy grace" who came to him last and of that farewell which she imnrinted on his t;irerhad hI could not help noticing that Moida's colour came and went, and that though she said "How foolish i" when he hadl ended that she took his arm that evening .to go to the dining-roomrn with a staidly-lovihg grace which he had not noticed betbore, nor ad mired. CIAPTER VIII. "(Ills) world of dream has ta'en its fliglit !' The shadow passed: the substance came: A soul that lonig had fed on light Love touched, and kindled into flame. ' •:" -De Vere. ' Psyche. ' ' Ring-in the valiantman and free,P . The larger heart, the kindlier hand; Ring out ithe darkness of the ikh??nd' ": '.Ring in the Christ that is to be.'::: . : .:-Tennyson. Herr Frnnn Prost speht a very ·pleasaiit Christmas; anti asan -enrii''t 'of the.most practical way: itn. wh ich :he began to: look upon life, it-is a manoer iof :solid -'fact that he and Moids .were:engaged to.ber married, upon that very Ch!ristmas-lEvei wvhten our story began-marriid be fre '1welIth-day tob--befoie the Chiristiiias cirle should break up. And theyl weie married; and were, as the legends say, "happy ever afterwards." (. ..., \- Herr Prost tells the story complacently now to his own boys and girls on each recurring Christmas Eve, and. near by matronly Frau Moida Prost laughs at his many.,.mishaps in the strange new city as freely as on the first occasion, many years ago. "What could have put New York into your head of all places," said Moida, upon one of these festive eves. 'You were never there; and it is a place so uncon genial to your patrician tastes ?" " Well, I've thought of that too Moida," said Herr Prost '"and the only solution I can offer is, that .I had been reading an American Magazine lor a long time on that Christ imas Eve morning. To a person, with my surroundings Moida, it was queer reading -as queer as my boyish regard for the Arabian Nights. New York and its people, to my German conception, were as strange as the place of good Halrouu Alraschid, and I suppose I must have jumbled the contents of the monthly all up together, and a nice mess I made of it, But there was one thing dear Moida that came of it that was well worth all the tumbles of my pride:-you snapped :my 'Gilded Chain.' I live less with Giseth now, and more with Schiller. You know what I mean! " And her smile answered him. " GEROSNTIS., 