: : PHILIBERTA. ; ' AN AUSTRALIAN STOEY. .''.', '.'.?'? Bt Thobpb Talbot, Chapter XXX VHI.-tWoks ahd _ Advuntures ? CONIINDED. y -Rangiora, our next town, is as flat as Kaiapoi, ?: 'and not as pretty. It has no points of interest ' thai we could discover, nor any special features calculated to impress its memory on tho mind of tho unprejudiced traveller. I question whether we should have any recollection of the placo at all but f or ita boing tho scono of a lively passago at arms between Our Loading Lady and Our Second Ditto. Wo played two nights, and on tho second camo soveral peoplo carrying bouquets. Both our ladies brisked up astonishingly when this was reported by Our Tenor, who was 'counting tho houso ' through a holo in the stage curtain. When tho Show was over it was found that all those bouquets had fallen with unmistakeablo in tention to tho lot of Our Leading Lady. When Our Second Lady realised it she burst into tears and snid sho did not know what had ever pos sessed hor to como to this country ; in fact sho did not know why sho had over been born. Our L.L. made some polito effort at consolation, which was resonted at once and with omphasis by Our S.L. Then Our L.L. said that if Our S.L. grudged her tho bouquets she had better say so ; and Our S.L. rotorted that it was extremely un likely sho would lower herself to take that much interest in a few scrubby marigolds and wall flowers ; she had beon accustomed to showers of rich exotics from audiences of culture and dis cernment—the paltry offerings of a fow heathens and Goths, such as filled the house upon that night, were boneath her notice. At this, Our L.L., who was busy taking off her cascade of ar tificial ringlets, laughed, sarcastically. ' That hair would docoivo the public better,' remarked Our S.L., referring to tho cascade, 'if it were not at least six shades fairer than your own, dear. Pity you didn't get a better match.' ' ' Yes, it is,' assented Our L.L. amiably, ' but j people can't always get exactly what they want. My dear, however did you manage to get your lef t oyobrow so much higher and darker than your right, to-night ? It gives you a frightful squint ; the effect upon the audience must have been startling.' 'Thanks,' said Our S.L., sweetly, 'but I daresay their attention was a good deal diverted from my defects by that holo in your stocking, just conspicuous above the shoo. Didn't you know of it? 0,1 am so sorry I didn't mention it sooner.,' Our L.L. examined her stocking, bit her lips in suppressed anger, and mentally vowed to loso no opportunity of getting even with her friend for this. Next night, in our next town, Our S.L sang a song which, for proper effect, depended upon au echo off the wings ; and tho echo was to bo sup plied by Our L.L. When the moment came, and Our S.L. stopped and smilingly awaited her echo, Our L.L. stood sternly looking on as mute as a fish. Well that night the Woes and Adventures of an Itinerant Show nigh came to on abrupt ter mination, for Our S.L. threatened Our L.L.'s life, and then had hysterics and said sho would drown herself, andOc '\nist had three faint ing fits in succession, and told Our Agent, who throw vinegar over her, that he was a man of no feeling and ought to be ashamed of himself. The scene lasted till three o'clock next morn ing, and for a week af tcrwardB the women were on terms of armed neutrality, and tho men all miserable and frightened in conse quence. Hardship, mutually Buffered, was the first thing to restore us all to peace and harmony. Two nights of waiting for an audience that never came rather disarmed antagonism ; and tho fact of no funds in the treasury made us all intensely sympathetic. How to escape tho hotel with out paying puzzled ns, and wo of us turned coward over it, made a bundlo of such articles as wo could not possibly travel without, dropped bundles and selves from a window in the dead of tho night, and walked several miles along the road to the place where the coach picked us up next day. When tho smiling visage of Our Basso beamed upon ua from the box of that vehicle, and we learned that by the judicious exercise of his native eloquence Our Basso had not only pro vailed with the landlord to the extont of forgive ness of debts, but had also borrowed a pound for coach fares and got all tho luggago away, wo felt proud of Our Basso and ashamed of our selves. Our Basso frequently helped the Itinerant Show out of difficulties during that tour. There was, in fact, only one occasion upon which his persuasiveness failed. In that instance the land lord was impervious and adamantine, and wo were all summoned to the local court for a debt wo were powerless to pay. We did not attend, and tho verdict went against us, of course ; and Our Basso gavo it as his opinion that tho magis trate was a callous, unfeeling brute, and the land lord a man of no principle. I think the secret of Our Basso's general popu larity was his mastership in the art of flattery. Ho could have given tho great Yankee clock pedlar ' a. hundred, nml bait him every time,' To women ho was simply irresistible!, and might still have been adding conquest to conquest if he had not— but wo anticipate. Wo prospered so well towards tho close of that preliminary tour that wo found ourselves back in Christchurch in a fow weeks comparatively wealthy. Tho trip had been a pleasant one too — when the weather hod been fine and the ladies not quarrelsome. All through Oxford, Amberloy, Lceston, Southbridge and minor adjacent town ships wo hod travelled on a sort of prolonged picnic ; short journoys, pleasant acquaintances, little to do and plenty of time to do it in. Only oncejdid wo clash with a counter attrac tion, and that was a Christy Minstrel troupo in a very small town. Wo wont to the men of burnt cork and asked them to change their night. They said they would ' see us blowed first,' and arguod priority of right to the field. The only places available for tho performances wero tho public schoolroom and a stable. TLo darkies had the schoolroom, so wo rang up for the stable. The latter was a new building and well lit up with oil lamps, and it was really a qnestion as to which was tho best hall for show pur poses. ? , Whon wo behold the entire community gathered together, and hesitating between ns and tho darkies ; when we. counted the heads big and little, ' grown-ups and shorts,' wo almost wished t7e had gone away and given tho Ethiops the field gracefully. Presently ono of them ran over to us, ready corked— banjo in hand — 'Look a hero,' said he, ' that lot outsido all told won't inako above a two- pound houso. Dividod they won't count at all. Tell you what, we'll toss for 'em. Sudden death. Heads, you shut up and come and sco our show ; tails, wo shut up and como and seo yours.' ' It's a go !' said Our Basso, solemnly, and tho minstrel coooo'd to his brethren to como across and seo fair play. Tho coin turned up 'heads,' and wo packed np our ' props,' put out our lights and wont over tho road. And wo enjoyed ourselves mightily. . Tho minBtrols handsomoly offered to slmro re ceipts with us afterwards, but, reduced as wo were in pocket and principlo just then, wo had, I am glad to say, sufficient decency to dcclino and leave them their well earned money. | With renovatod wardrobes, now accessories and high hopes, wo sailed for Dunedin in the littlo steamer Beautiful Star. And in Duncdin, for tho first timo in our united experience, Philip Tempest assorted himself as a member having a right to suggestions in tho matter of programme arrange ? ment. He said ho wished to have a placo in tho entertainment as violin-soloist. Our Basso said that it was an absurd bit of pettifogging | vanity and desiro of display that ho had not thought Tempest could bo guilty of. Our Tenor [ said that for his part ho sided with Tempest— a violin solo would cut out somo of Our Basso's songs, and servo him right. A man who would bo guilty of putting himself in a programme twice to everybody else's once, and always pick tho best places besido, would do anything else that was mean, and ought to bo put down. Our Basso retorted that when there was ono genius in a company of muffs it was wisdom, if only for tho sake of tho treasury, to givo the public the fullest possible benefit of that genius and make him tho star. High words wero imminent when Tempest interrupted, say ing that they might finish their frivolous, un interesting battle at their leisure, after tho pro gramme was drawn up and his expressed desiro attended to. Our Basso banged down his pen, arid wanted to inquire, ho said, bow many prin cipals there wero in that Show. 'Eight,' replied Tempest, promptly, 'and if you have forgotten tho conditions of our agree ment, I will repeat them to you.' Our Basso said he would rather be excused. 'I shall havo great pleasure,' he went on, in a tone of lofty resignation, 'in giving up the entire entertainment to Mr. Tempest and his fiddle. Mr. Tempest could put himself down for twenty violin solos if ho pleased, and tho rest of tho programme could he filled up with songs and serenades by Our Tenor.' Thon Our Tonor told Our Basso to go to that placo to which all sinners are, by orthodoxy, con demned ; and then Our Basso thumped the table and said that, as far as ho was concerned, the Show was burst up. Nothing should induce him to de grado his talent by exhibiting it again in combi nation with a parcel of idiots. Our Tenor im mediately asked him to 'como outsido and arguo it ;' and, proceeding to take off his coat and ' dickie' (wo could not afford the whole gar ment at that time), revealed a pair of slender feelers about as muscular as a mosquito's. Our Basso scanned him scornfully, and asked if any body could lend him a microscopo, he wanted to study this anatomy before he laid himself open to a charge of murder. Thon ho went out, and wo saw him no moro until noxt day, when ho turned up again, suave and smiling as ever. Scenes like this might havo occasioned anxiety but for their frequont occurrence. From tho beginning of our partnership to tho very end, I do not remember a solitary night unmarked by a quarrel between Our Basso and Our Tenor. Tho insult and aggravation they heaped upon each other at theso times would in any other men havo bred deadly and eternal enmity. With theso two the result seemed merely a strengthening of tho bond of friendship, for at all other seasons they wero like brothers. Jonathan and David, Orestes and Fylados. wero nowhero in comparison. Tempest had his own way about tho solo ; though he would not re hearse it, neither havo its titlo printed in tho programme. Our Basso transacted business with tho printers, and the result was that tho bills came out with his namo at tho top in full-grown capitals, and Our Tenor's underneath in tho smallest typo compatible with legibility. Our Tenor was furious, and, rushing off to tho printers, had bills of his own printed clandestinely and pasted over all the first ones— bills in which his name was tho leading feature, laying over and eclipsing overs1 other. Our Basso raged liko a volcano, tore down Our Tenor's bills, and wroto a letter to tho morning paper disclosing tho whole affair as viewed from his standpoint. Our Tonor retaliated, and being a man of rabid elo quence but dubious grammar, loving long words but having haziest notions of their meanings and appropriateness, his letter in print was some thing astounding, and the cause of a crowded houso on our first night. An editor with whom I made acquaintance afterwards said that Our Tonor was an inspired humorist, and asked me if we had got that brilliant notion of advertisement from America. Our first performances were a success, owing principally, I boliovo, to tho violin solo. It was a composition of Our Violinist's own— a weird, plaintive, bewildering harmony of sounds, from the confusion of which arose fitfully tho air of a pathetic quaint German song('0, would thou wort with mo !'), thrilling ono'sears likoa human to'ico of superhuman sweetness. Tho audience went mad over it, and indeed I do not think Our Violinist ever played anything in his life as ho played that. I did not know till long afterwards thatsho (for it must bo understood that Our Violinist was Philiborta), had played with ono motive and for one porson— a stately, handsomo woman who oc cupied a centre box of the circlo every ovening. I know that on the first night, after the second recall and tempestuous applause that followed tho solo, I went to tho dressing-room and sur prised Our Violiniat there in tears. With native brutality I passed derisive romarkB, and then asked what was tho matter. ' I am crying over my own. death,' said Our' Violinist, in a voico that struck me at tho moment as peculiarly feminine and mournful, ' ' I wonder if, supposing anyone I loved camo|back to mo from tho dead, I should fail to know thorn ?' ' Havo you any soda-water ?' cried Our Basso, ontering breathlessly. 'Havo you any soda water in hero ? Tlmt herring I bad for tea is playing tho dovil with mo. Liston ! is that up roar for mo to go on again ? That song of mino has knocked 'om, I guess.' But tho uproar was a great cry for ' Tempest ! Tempest ! Tho fiddlo ! Tho fiddlo ! Bring on tho fiddle I' and Our Violinist had to perform tho wonderful solo again. My acquaintance, tho editor, told mo next day that a friend of his, Mrs. Retlaw, had said sho would givo almost anything to know whoro Our Violinist had got tho air of that German song. It was an old song, and out of typo, and Mrs. Retlaw had been under tho belief until then that her copy was tho only ono in tho colonies. And the editor convoyed to Our Violinist and mo Mrs. Retlaw's kind desiro of an introduction ; but Our Violinist declined thp pleasure with cool civility. I felt annoyed at the timo ; afterwards, whon I know all, I wondarcd that Fhiliberta did not go to meot her friend ; but in that many faceted char acter was bo much to excite wonderment, so much that can never be accounted for, so much of tho ' unmapped country' that Georgo Eliot says must bo taken into account in all study of human impulses, ' gusts and stormB,' that a wiser than I might well bo oxcuscd from attempt ing explanation or analysis. Thero is not the shadow of a doubt that our Dunedin Beason would havo been most profitablo if Our Agent had only been content with reasonable robbery, and Our Basso had not conceived tho brilliant but ruinous idea of extending our stay to a period of two months, of changing our simple programmes to difficult and presumptuous ones, and engaging local talent to help us out. As it was wb wero bankrupt at tho ond of six weeks, and deeply in debt besides. Wo had achieved popularity, madomany friends, onjoyed thoroughly tho bracing cliinato and tho daily contemplation of somo of the loveliest scenery in this, southern hemisphere ; and that was about all tho good we had done. Dunedin will always livo in my heart as tho Queen City of Now Zealand. The picturesque fashion in which it has spread itself over tho hills, its handsomo buildings and graceful, artistic tall spired churches ; its tiny bay nestling in tho hills like a turquoise gem in an emerald and greenstono setting ; its vividly bright aspect in fair weather, and its melancholy grey soft tints in tho season of rain, when the clouds brood mournfully over the gloomy hills ; ifj lovely native bush and feathery ferns ; ils small, clear, babbling, sweetly-named Water of Leith ; its hills and valleys, and ita protty waterfall, so prettily described in one of Thomas Bracken's host poems — Ferns of ovory shade, Brolder'd and scollop'd 'yond the powor of art, In tens of thousands deck tho rockv walls That hold tho mountains back against the sky, And rIvo the fluent stream an open course To bring ita sweetness to tho lands below. And now, with admiration, I behold A shower of molten silver faliimr down An em'rald moBS- clad precipice of rock That stands a buttress to tho central steep Whero raugo links rango in strong volcanic chain, Forged in tho olden times ; and, as I Razo Up through tho argent spray-mist and tho leaves, My spirit listens to the cascado's song. Altogether Dunedin is a rare, fair spot to tarry in. But wo tarried too long ; so long that get ting away at all became problematical ; getting away creditably an impossibility. Thonowmembers of OurShow, whohadbecnen gaged on salary terms, becamo daily moroanxious to know when tho 'ghost would walk.' Printers and landlords presonted their little bills with painful pertinacity. We had paid away all our cash in incidental expenses, and there we were. But when trouble loomed darkest about our professional path, then did tho luminous gifts of resource possessed by Our Basso and OurTenor shine out over with greatest refulgence. Their scheme this timo was to borrow suffi cient money to send Our Agent on to advertise us in Oamaru ; to convey all our baggage by degrees and in an innocent manner from tho hotel to tho thcatro ; theneo to get it aboard tho steamer, and arrange our last performance for tho same night as tho steamer's departure ; to keep tho whole plan strictly secret, and quitat the fall of tho curtain upon our last act. By the timo our creditors awoko to tho fact wo should bo well out of reach at sea. Wo managed to got Our Agent off without much difficulty, but tho other part of our schomo leaked out somehow ; and on tho last night, be fore tho curtain fell, about, forty creditors thronged behind tho scenes. By shcor forco wo restrained ono man from rushing on our Basso in tho final scene on the stago. Tho excitement was extreme. We all turned our empty pockets insido out, and offered to enter into solemn contracts to, send defrayment of our liabilities from other ports. Ono landlord said ho would ' huvo his valuo out in blood ' there on the spot, but Our Pianist fainted heavily against him just as ho was taking off his coat, and that settled him. At this juncturo tho steward of the steamer camo in to say that the tide served and wo must get aboard if wo meant going. Our detainers shouted their intention of taking good care we did not go ; and tho steward rushed off to consult tho captain. That captain was a princely fellow, albeit having a keen eye for business. Ho returned with tho Btoward, de manded of our creditors 'what they wonld square for?' offerod them half tho amount they named, paid it on their acceptance, and took all our signatures to an order entitling him to tho entire receipts of our first houso in Oamaru. It was all concluded in about five minutes, and wo wore at liberty to go. The moon was just getting wall above tbo hill tops, and Dunedin, as wo receded slowly from it, looked as fair and ns white and as peacefully lovely as a dream-city. Tho boy scenery as wo elided down to Fort Chalmers was entrancing. Never in daylight could it look so bewUdoringly beautiful as in tbo soft, mellow, radiant, silvery sheen of that moonlit night. 