Sales, €tc. KNOCKNAGOW; OB, THE HOSES OF TIPPERARY. BY C. J. KICKHAM. BOMS, TP KNOOKNAQOW. A TBNAJfT-AT-WILL. A hahd, wa§ laid on bis shoulder, and op looking roupd' he saw the dragoon standing 'close to him. "'Come and hare a drink," said the dragoon. " I don't'take anything ; thank you all the same," replied Billy Heffernan. " Oh, d—n it," returned the dragoon, •'as we'were comrades on, the. road, don't refuse a treat." " Well, I'm a teetotaler, rejoined Billy Heffernan ; " but if you'd have no objection to coine,over beyand the Weqhtgate, I know a place where they have peppermint." ' "All right," said the dragoon; and they continued on their way through the drays and carta. " Is this all oorn ?" the dragoon asked. "AH Whate," replied Biliy Heffernan. "I never saw so ranch oorn at a market," returned the dragoon; "and yet ye Irish are always talking of starving. How is that P" " Begob,'' said Billy HeffernaB, " 'tis mauy's tfye, time I said thim words to myse'f." "Where, does it all go?" the dragoon a&ked.; " Some uv id is ground in the mills here an* np the river," replied Billy Heffernan, "an'more uv id is sent off wudout bein'- ground. Bnt ground or not ground off id: goes. If you'll take a walk down to the, quay, you'll see 'epn.loadiq' the boats- wud id. They brin' id on to Carrick, and from that down to Watherford, an' the diril a wan uv me, kno,w,s. where id goes afther that. 'Tis ould Phil Morris that could explain the ins ail' outs uv id for you. Bat; 'tis, the oorn that's makin' a town uv. Olo'rael; so there's that much got out uv. id afore id goes; as ould Phil says; besides the employment uv tillin' the land andj reapin' id. But 'tis the big grass farms; that's the ruination uv the counthry. 'Twas on- aooount of thryin'to put) a stop. to.'«m that they made up the plan to hapg- Father Sheehy. So ould Phil Morris tellsine." The mention of Phil Morris's name: seemed to have put political economy, completely ont of the dragoon's) heady and he did not again speak) till Billy Heffernan roused him from his: reverie &ter; they had passed the- Westj Gate. This is.the house," said he. "Come.in," returned the dipgooq,. "Here'a luok, any. 'way," said,. Billy,. Heffernan, as he tossed ofj: his glass of; peppermint. The dragoon blew the froth, from, his mug) of porter, apd took him by the hand. " Good morning, friend," said he, laying; his empty; mug on the counter. " Have another,"-said Billy. " No, no," returned the dragoon. " Good; morning." "Oh, begob," rejoined Billy Heffernan,, getting between-him and the dpor, and; putting, bis hand against the soldier's broad; cbest> " we dpn't.undheratand that soart o' work iplrelapd." " Yea, yea, I understand ypur custom,"- retunieid;the,dragoou, smiling. "And," he r added, " I will take another." BillyHeffernan sold his creel of turf, and,, after braaWaatrng upon a brown loaf and -a! bowl of ; coffee in a' cellar, was returning; through the Main- street, thanking his. stars! that <£e big.town with, its noise.and bustlo would .be soon left behind hiiji, when big, eye, caught the., big dragoon, standing with;, folded, a|7Q9 opposite a s)iop window, audi ^tttffM^Absqrbed in the examyiatjo^. of. thej articles jfiero. dteplaypd, Happening, tq lookj round, He rqeqgniae^ his companion of the, Inorninjg,' and beckoned to him. Billy, QeffernkA stopped hia : mule, and waited till; \- the dragoon'&ad; crossed over to the middle, of the street. \- "GoiSg-home ?"' said the- dragoon. "Yes,{' replied Billy; I have the.tur^ sowld."- . ' " Wimld.you," the dragoon asked, after aj pa,use—" would you bring a message fromj W toBesByjilorrisf". "Well,. f w^lL" said^Billy; but he, felt,; fee jebul^ij't tell wby, as'if.he.wanld ruthqrj ngt. " Tfaitfor a ttiinute," said the dragoon^ .tnd'be Watted quietly back to the shop. I ' • ' Hei*k»tt returned, and handed-to Billy! Heffernan what seemeda email boi]wrapped! irpaper. • • .. • 'f.Whafc wilLI say f ? Billy.asked, ashej (Hitithe paroel in bis, waistcoat.ppckefc .: TWiefld I jdp%'t, Ifflojr,"' xet«fted f, pn„ w if hp, fplt.at a loss. _ _ —prise,'. " ' ... a^j; MM dh6 a^atf,that itla ftOm.aj ' ™' < t!hctaght Billy Heflerhnif, " }i<S m a bad oase. I wondher what do ahe'tMnkj nv him P 'Twould-be-d—n dhroll if Bessyj Morris,sll] jtjhq Jtysa4i'^1_ e _P?'™h W»Ud marry a soger. • behind theiq, when the sua was disappearing behind the hi]Js upon ^hich the dragoon turned round to gaze, 'when his. companion would havve called his attention to the Waterford mountains—by 'which piece of eccentricity the reader has lost an exciting legend of those mountains, which Billy Heffernan was about relating for the amusement and instruction of his military friend. But it was all owing to Bessy Morris—who, we fear, has much more than that to answer for. Ail the stars begpn to peep out one by one—and there was one star that shone with a pure, steady lustre, and Billy Heffernan felt sure it was looking through the beechtree, iuto a face as mild and beautiful as itself—he began to wonder why he felt so tired and sleepy; but, recolleoting that he Iifid had no rest the night before, he turned to his mule and said, " Wo! Kit," in a manner that made that sagacious animal not only stop, but turn round, • till her nose touched the shaft, and look at him. The fact was, Billy Heffernan was in the act of yawning as he pronounced the. word " Wo !" and a stiffness,in his jaw as he attempted to add the other word suggested dislocation, w.hich so alarmed Billy heffernan that his mule's name escaped from him with a cry, as.if someone were oheking him. And hence Kit not only halted at the word of command, but looked round to see what was the matter. And, finding that there was no rnde hand on her master's windpipe, Kit expressed her satisfaction by. advanoing her off fore'leg as far as possible, and rubbing her nose to it. Billy Heffernan placed one. foot on the nave, and tliea the otlier ou the band of the wheel, and climbed up till he stood on the side of lus car. He put back his hand several times and attempted to catch the Bkirl of. his barragain coat under his arm. But the skirt was too short; and, after two or three unsuccessful attempts, Billy Heffernan looked down at himself with a look of drowsy surprise. He first thought of tlio Blk's horn fixed to the rafter, in his own house; then Phil Morris's old,goat camc to his assistance ; and at last Billy Heffernan thought of Mick Brien, and a shake of the head signified that lie was satisfied. In fact, Billy Heffernan, before climbing into his creel, was attempting to tuck the skirt of his ratteen riding-coat under his arm, and was much astonished on finding that trusty companion of his journeyings missing for the first time in his life ; fo. the ratteen riding- .coat, its owner averred, was as good to keep out the heat as the cold, and, consequently, he was never known, winter or summer, to take the road without it. For a moment he 'thought he must have left it at home, but then that glimpse at the li&lf-moon; through the rent in the skirt occurred to him, and he knew he had the riding-coat as far as Phil Morris's. Then the idea of the half-moon, 'shining through the rent in. the riding-coat brought the roofless, cabin to. his. mind, and. -the pale faces, upon which the moonlight fell so coldly, and Billy Heffernan shook liis head -as lie remembered how. lie had wrapped his ^riding-coat around poor Mick Brien. Billy Heffernan climbed into his creel; and, resting, his arms on the front, and leaning his chin on his arms, waited patiently till the mule was done rubbing her nose againBt, her leg ; and as the mule continued rubbing; her nose against her leg rather longer than, usual, her master began rubbing his nose against the sleeve of his coat. There was, in faeti a remarkable sympathy between Billy Heffernan and his mule in the matter of rubbing the nose. The mule at last moved on. of her own. accord, for which piece of. considerate civility her master, resolved to give her an extra: .fistful of bran when they got home, for he •was so tired and .drqwsy,that he felt it wouldi be a task to,say " Yo- up, Kit." Indeed, the mero. thought of being obliged to speak, brought on another yawn,, and Billy Heffornan.turned his open,mouth to his thumb— •sviiich required less.exertion than moving his hand to Ids inouth—and made the sign of the ; jcrosa. To neglect making the sign of the 'cross over the mouth while yawning would be 'even worse in Billy Heffernan's eyes than to 'forget saying " God' bless us" after sneezing, and almost as bad as- going to bed. without! toaying his.prayers or sprinkling himself, with •holy water. \- The mule jogged on quite, briskly, as if she. :knew her master's good intentions regarding the additional fistful of bran, while Ire leapt; •over the creel, with, his cheek resiing on his, urm, as a. weary traveller might rest upon a gate, and .looked lazily along the rpad before, him in a. somewhat confused state of mind.. Becoming tpo sleepy to maintain his standing jWsition,ne. dropped down in the bottom of the car; and, after a pantomimic wrapping; of himself in the ratteen ridingrcoat, resolutely resolved to keep wide awake till he reached home. In spite of his firm resolves,' however, it' ocourred to him that he. taust Wave dosed for half a minute or so, as opened his eyes on missing the rumble of ttliewlieels. ,' "Yo-np, Bat," said , he, but Kit never stirred. • He turned upon hia elbow,;, and, looking! through the laths of t|w.Woel, B_»w that the: mule was drjnking frpm. a little'stream thai ran acrpw the road. • BjMjr Heffernan •; Tubbed. iij, ey^s, and ipugpt.'lie must. be. either, dreaming or jflff jtched. But there cqjihjl be no mistake, flat, it. Tterp wa$ the identipaj Jittie, 'eam^ver wluch 'bis had lifted 'Hmbf jhy that bright [summer evening long_ago,, id'iithfe middle ofwhibhheitoodthfe night , that bang Heffernuii i • Banagber," exclaimed ' tt>hisfeetjtaK( ''ifetbMgfe&'I W wasn't wudin tin mile uv id. I wondher what time uv the night might it be ?" He was wide awake now, and there was an anxious expression in his face as he looked about him, while the mule moved on briskly, seeming quite refreshed and lively after her draught at the little stream. An old fear, by which he was always haunted when de. scending that liill on his way home, fell upon Billy Heffernan. Most people, we suspect, have experienced some such fueling when approaching home after a lengthened absence. But it weighed upon Billy Heffernan's hea^t after the absence of a single day. True, ha was alone in the world. He had no father or mother, sister or brother, wife or child, to _ awaken that feeling of dread. Yet he never descended that hill on his way from the bnsy ' town with the cloud over it without fearing that, juBt after passing Mat the Thrasher's clipped hedge, the children would run out from one of the next group of houses to the middle of the road, exclaiming, " O Biliy ! poor Norah Lahy is dead!" The light shone brightly, as usual, in Mat Donovau'B window, so that it could not be very far advanced in the night. And when he passed the clipped hedge, and saw Honor Lahy's window giving the hamlet quite the look of a town, Billy Heffernan's heart began to beat as pleasantly as when he discovered that his assailant of the night before was Phil Morris's old goat, and not the ghost of a Hessian. He climbed out of the oreel at his own door, and, taking the key from under the thatch, let himself in. There was not as much as a crtto welcome him home, nor a spark upon the hearth. Yet Billy Heffernan felt that he was at home, and was happy in his own way. Taking the mule from the car he let her find her way to her crib, and went himself for " the seed of the fire" to the next house. Having lighted the fire, he took the tackling off the mule and hung it on the bog-wood pegs. The elk's horn reminded him of his riding-coat; and after a glance at the fire, which seemed between two minds whether it would light or go out, Billy Heffernan shrugged his shoulders, and, sitting down in the chimneycorner on his antediluvian block, fixed his eyes on the moonlight that shone through the open doorway on the floor. Kit seemed to find some attraction in the moonlight, too, for she left her crib and smelled that portion of the iloor upon which it fell, all round, and over and over; and then Kit deliberately lay down in the moonlight and tumbled. After which invigorating recreation Kit sat up, and, instead of going back to her crib, remained where she was, winking at the moon. And Billy Heffernan, leaning back against the wall in the chimney-corner, began to wonder what Kit was thinking of. Whatever the subject of her thoughts might be, she got up after awhile and returned to her crib; and the working of her jaws reminded ber master that he could not live upon moonshine either. So, taking his. old gallon in his. hand, he went to the well for water, thereby frightening Kit Cummins, who happened to be at the well for water, too, almost oat of her life; she, by some process of reasoning peculiar to herself, having mistaken him for "the black dog," because his barragain coat happened to be nearly white. Having convinced Kit Cummins that he was not the black dog, and disgusted her by insinuating a doubt of that creature's very existence '—though it was a well-known fact the well was haunted by him timo out of. mind— Billy Heffernan returned home with his gallon of water, and, pouring some of it into a small pot which.he must have filled with washed potatoes before going to Ned Bropby's wedding, hung it on the fire to boil. Then, closing his door behind him, he walked down to Honor Lahy's to purchase a halfpenny herring. He was agreeably surprised to see Phil Lahy sitting by. his 'own fireside, holding serious discourse with Tom Hogani and Mat Donovan, as he had. almost made up his mind that the " cordial" at Ned Brophy's- wedding would have proved the commencement of a.protracted " spreo," •which would, cost Norah much anxiety and ^suffering. But her smiling face, as she listened to her father expounding the. various ;political questions of the day, satisfied Billy; Heffernan that his apprehensions on this occasion were groundless. Honor, too, was the very picture of happiness, and in the 'excess,of her pride and delight was actually .obliged to put away her knitting, and. give 'herself up wholly to the enjoyment of Phil's eloquence. " Good-night, Billy ; sit down," said Phil Lahy, mildly, the words being thrown in parenthetically to the peroration, of his discourse on home manufactures, which, he contended, could never be revived under a foreign government. Billy Heffernan was . about declining the invitation, but. seeing it' was seconded, by. Norah's dark eyes, he couldn't "I don't knpw," was Tom Hogan's comment at the conclusion of the speech. "I never minded them soart uv things. An' though I gave my sliillin' as well as another, 'to O'Connell, to plaise the priest £ never, could see the good uv id. If people'd mind their business an' industlire, they'd bo able; to hould on, barrin' sich as 'dibe turned oab bethe landlord." " Tom," and Phil Lahy, with. a> sort; ofj oolemn indignation, " 'tis waatin.' merda toj be talkin* 'to you." " 'TIB thirty years .now," continued Tom; Hogan, " since I came, into my.' little spot,: an' so loi^g as God sparad me n>y .health l neypr.lost half J a day ; an signs on, look at id, an' nrjiere would you fijid a more compact Ifttle plioe in the country?' Aji' w^' wa^ , Idtrat asni^e farm the day^I oame><ta id? Wt I worked airty an' kto, Vet' on^d!*?,! an* glory be to God I'm miUdn' siz ooifis m» Htffaoua^i Mfeu.'dij«riaU the day I came into id. An' if others done the same they'd have the same story." "An', Tom, what rent are you paying now ?" " Well, 'tis a purty smart rint," replied Tom Hogan seriously. " But the land is worth id," he added, proudly. "An' who made id worth id, Tom? Answer me that." " I did," he replied, with something like a swagger. "Thim two handB did id for the first ten years, barrin' what help my wife gave me; an', begor, so far as diggm* stubbles and work uv that soart, she done ridge for ridge wud- me of'en an' of'en. But I made the dhrains, an' sunk the dykes, an' riz the ditches, single hand. But now," he continued, consequentially, " I can keep a servant boy, an' hire a. few men. An' I ate my own bit uv butther now an' then," added Tom Hogan, with the air of a lord. " An' what rent are you pay in 1 ?" WeU, thirty-eight sliiilinB*', since the last rise." " Aii' suppose the next rise puts it up to forty-eight?" Tom Hogan stared at his questioner with a frightened, look. " If he was the divil," he exclaimed, after a pause, " he couldn't put id u^i to lortyeight shillin's an acre." " An' what was id when you came there first?" " About fifteen shillin's an acre all round. But 'tis betther worth thiny-eigm now." " Have you a laaa ?" " No, nor I don't want a ktee so long aa I have a gentleman for my landlord that won't disturb any poor matt that'll pay him his rent fair and honest." "An' as fast as you improve your land, putting the whole labour uy your life into id, he'll rise the rint on ye." " Au' why not, so long as he don't rise id too high ?" "Tom Hogan," said Phil Laby, surveyinghim from head to foot, and then looking him steadily in the faoe—"Tom Hogan, I'll see you scratch a beggarman's back yet."' Tom Hogan looked astonished, quite unable to comprehend why he should bo called upon to perform such an office for a beggarman or any one else. But Phil Lahy meant to convey, in this figurative mid - unnecessarily roundabout way, that Tom Hogan would be a beggar himself. " I partly see what Phil is at," observed Mat Donovan. " Whin 'tis his own labour an' his own money made the land what id is, the rint had no right to be riz on him. Sure he has his place just as if he took a piece uv the Golden Vale an' laid id down among the rishis an' yallow clay all around id. An' because he wict on dhrainin', an' limin', an' fencin', an' manurin' for thirty years, is that the raison the rint should' be riz on him, whereini more, uv'em that, never done anything at all is on'y payin' the ould rint«? That's-a quare way to enoourage a man." "An' Tom," said Phil, Lahy, "wha£ would you take, for the good-will of. tliat farm P" " I wouldn't take a million uv money," he replied, in a husky voioe. " My heart is stuck in id." His chin dropped upon his chest, and his handB began to tremble as if he had tba "palsy. Ah, though we cannot help shaiing Fhii Lahy's contempt for Tom Hogan's slavishnesa, we heartily, wish-he had a more secure hold of that little farm. in. which " hia hearts was stuck" than the word, of a gentleman who w.ent on raising- the rent as fast as Tom Hogan went on with his draining, aud fenoing, and liming^ and manuring—to say nothing of the new' slated barn, and cow-- house. ' Norah looked at him. with surprise,, as if Bhe could- scarcely believe he was- the same Tom Hogan who, -a few minutes before, seemed so foil-of consequence as he.-boasted of eating his-own butter, now and tfeen; Shethen turned an appealing, look, to her father,, which, checked tbe s^rcaam and thp . bittqr laugh. that Phil; Laby was. on. tfep point ,of indulging in at; tte expense of tha i poor tenant-tit: will, who tried so. hafd'to persuadehimself and others that he wilB 'not only satisfied with bis serfdom, but proud of;it: "Good night tq• ye," said Tom BBogfer, Rising from his chair. '"Tifc time to'be gpin' home."' - - " 'Tra time for all uv us;" 'said Mtit Doaovan. " 111 coiqe down to-morrow ^.nightt," he added; " and lend a hand'tothat clfair of •Norah's. "KB unking too much- air tka side/' ... ^ Norah thanked him with a gTatoful lookc ^Every little aot of kindness i^ade,h9r hwppy. " Come out; Hbnot, ancTget me a hemn'-'* said.Billy Heffernan. r "Kiifli, 1 IVafeiu'd tub spuds Ml'b* brptie. I hung 'em ;d6vnr-t» bile wfen l was comin' out."' « ' " G*od-night,"Mid'T<ta Hogai^«htob& oamo tohi& own gate;- Hia..hand trenxbiod. eo.mnchi.tbat hB jC&uld.notiraise; tbehusp, and •Mat Donovan stripped•apd-openBdjusd clpftd ithe gate fflr Jata. , , . God-held him," said Ma^as Jre. nj^ipfd Billy,Heffemai^."if ever U' comes, to.his turn.',' ' "WMK' "Tc* be furned,out:" "There's no' danger uv that;" BiHy replied. "He's the &uggest; maa^iir tiia Ail he's worth in ths- world," |ret&rc;»d Mat, «iB bacied in the land: He.cooldii't ffive a. fortue to Nancy., An* >a8.,ttr Jemmy, bejtella «a*ii«.'Urau ainayM j%st> he wtkes Jwii woekso liard, luqt pyooket-moiiey. ^d (thin(5 IJ^41jt, to'^thffllf^fttf m A p could come npto you aad teU youto'Trifle out CHAPTER XXXVI. 