1\. i . » THE PEERYRlNGLE PAPERS. The talk amongst us earners this weei has been of course, upon the allabsprb'ing topio of onr railways, and one of our fellows, who does the deliveries in St. Ktlda. m» " — w w - , — t " telling me an old story that he remembered when be thought of the expense the railways are putting ns to. A. man once sold his sonl to the devil' on the pondltion that the fiend fonnd him all the money that he wanted daring his life. After the mortgager had had all the fan he oared for, It struck him that he might be able to make the mortgagee throw up hie bargain, so he oaBt about him for ways to %xhanst his cashier's means. He went in for horse-r&oing; and mining, and lost heavily at both, but the devil came up smiling with all the cash that was required. Then the man whose soul was in pawn ran a theatre that didn't pay and produced pieces that wouldn't draw, i but the Evil Spirit took e&re; that the " ghost walked" regularly, and the alarmed manager ; saw that he must try some other game, if he wanted to drain his sulphurous majesty's resources. At last he started to run a news paper. The devil paid the piper for a little time, but it was po much for him, and to prevent going insolvent he cried "off, ' and gave up his security upon the man's soul. " Now, John," says my friend, " I've been thinking that, if I was in a similar predica ment, I could make shorter work of the foul fiend. I'd bankrupt him quiok. I'd run railways on "commercial principles, and make him bear the expense. Two thousand pounds for an injured engine driver, fifty thousand pounds for a Jolimont accident, and, I suppose, a hundred thousand pounds for the pleasure of rnnning two trains in opposite direotions on the same line of rails, 'ud make up a pretty tidy total. I think I'd soon have the devil himself over drawn at his bankers. Goodness knows the old Hobson's Bay Com pany used to get enough abuse about the state of their rolling-stock and their permanent ways, but, 'to do them justioe, they let their customers off without loss of life or limb. You see, the company would have had to pay; the damages out of their own iunds, and ndt out of the State parse, therefore, t they, took every precaution to have a bloodless career ; while Mr. Bent, on thecontrary , is in expeota tion of the Victoria Cross " for valour." Four killed (so far) and about two' hundred wounded is a good record for a man who is not wont to wear a" sword. It's all very well to talk about steam brakes fitted to the engines. There's a shrewd impression abroad that the brakes should be fitted to the Minister. They do say that if Mr. Bent stuck to bis portfolios, and drew his " screw" without interfering with time-tables and general management, things would go on better. It's very easy to destroy, but it's & difficult matter to construct. A monkey can take a watch to pieces, but when it eomes to putting it together again— why, the ape is as, much at sea as an energetic idiot playing with barriers, time-tables, and " hard lines," There was one incident in connection with the collision that i haven't seen in any of thepapere. It is a positive fact, for I had it from one who lives eloseto the line, and who was one of the first on the scene tokrip the sufferers. Amongst those extricated from the wreck was a lady who seemed terribly shaken. She was as pale as a ghost, and trembled We a leaf in a breeze. She seemed to be quite dazed for a minute or. two after sbe was got out, but gradually her senses returned to her. The first words she stammered out were " My n-n-new p-parasol is in the c c carriage !" It might he unjust to infer that 'the was not seriously hurt internally, but in that eupreme moment of excitement, and surrounded by disaster, the raliog passion was strong iu the female mind. Her limbs were quivering, her nerves were shattered, her tongue enable to articu late distinctly — but her woman's instinct came out of the ordeal triumphantly. She didn't forget her new parasol. -U So Arati Pasha has been condemned to death, and the sentence commuted to per petual exile. It is to be hoped that the rebel will learn wisdom from his narrow escape, and play the bloody gajp& of war .no more. One's first impression is that of regret that the scoundrel's life was spared, but whep a thinks over it palmly he cannot but approve of the mercy shown to him. One the Khedive for noting the part of the true Christian, and showing clemency to the traitor who had wronged him. Tewfik's action is bat a paraphrase of the judgment delivered by the great founder of Christianity — 41 Bepaft in peace, and sin po more jl" Two bright np-eountry youths have stoned a Khinaman todeath. The heroic murderer ;o jporibty, |fl wiil pro&eblj; he fcnmgbt tofriaLvThecasewillbe an impoantone, Mf urnishing thg , exact value which nor rted impartial .law will plaee topon. fi&epw.lhat; half-killing a Chinaman oau te indulged mfor the moderate or A pound..nt the larrikins will now have the price of the full enjoyment of exterminating Chinamen placed upon a satisfactory basis, ,'j! suppose tpose valiant stoners will be fined i& cadh or so, for the Victorian justices value a Chinaman's fife as worth half that o! a cow or a polioeman. A Melbourne firm sequestrated its estate the other day, and one of the creditors who fancied - that matters wen not all quite square told the official assignee's solicitor so, and asked him if the truth could not be fenetted out. The solicitor, after taking careful notes of the creditor's suspicions, said: " Yo.u are quite right, sir. We must get at the bottcpn of this affair. And we shall, if we have to spend the whole of the assets in the legal expenses of eliciting the truth." The assets were likely to pay ten shilling© in the pound, and when the creditor went home that night and slept over the matter, it dawned on him in a dream that as all the expenses would lessen the amount of the dividend payable, it might be better to t&k; the half a loaf rather than get no bread. Tin went next- morning to the solioitor, and told him so, but the legal gentleman said that even at the risk of increasing his bank account at the expense of the creditors, he would see the matter to the bitter end. The creditor now wishes that he hadn't been so ready with his vindiotiveness. Women's rights an advancing, . and I noticed the latest phase of their inlre&sing; invasion of the monopolies of the lords of oreation in two consecutive issues of this week's Daily Telegraph. In Tuesday's paper, under the heading of " New Insolvents," I saw the names of three of the fair sex, and on Wednesday the only person notified as having " gone broke" the day before was also a lady. This is another of the masculine copyrights being ruthlessly infringed. Womqn wear onr coats and onr hats, they sort our letters and despatch our telegrams, they are in our Universities and in our Insolvent Courts. If this sort of thing goes on, we shall soon have female burglars and female bookmakers, and then man. Inrdlv — -w ' - ¥ — " ' man, will find all . his cherished pleasures torn from him, and will be compelled to go out to service, or take in washing, or set up his sign as a monthly nurse. I, never like to impute anything in the way of motives to anybody, least of all to a Minister, of the Crown and a member of Parliament. I see by the papers that trials of the Woods and Wtstinghonse breaks are to take place on the 13th and loth of this month. Now, there is an unpleasant impression abroad that the result is already a. foregone conolu sion, and people are not slow to remember that Messrs. Woods and Bent are firm friends and mutual admirers. What I want to know is, who are to be the judges of the trials — Mr. Bent, the railway officials who know 'on whiGh their bread is buttered, or some impartial and competent members, of the public ? A trial worked by the depart ment is valueless, and would, in the expected event of Woods's invention being adopted, savour veiy much of a job. Mr. Bent had better leave no loophole for an- imputation of favouritism; JOHN jPEEBYBINGLE. Several railway prosecutions took place, at the Richmond Polrcourt, Wednesday morn ing. A man " named "Matthew Wilks was changed;"' with' ' travelling, in a first-class carriage on &-> second-class ticket from Mel bourne to Richmond. r Thg defendant, who bad been , preriously , cautioned for ©similar offense, was mulpted ib the sum of £2, with £1 is. costs. Charles Brodie, for gettzngihto a carriage while the - train was in motion, was fined IOarand a like amount for costs. The defendant, accompanied Jby . a boy, jumped into the train at Richmond station on the1 21st 'October, and would in all probability have met with a serious accident had not a porter rim up . to him and pushed him inr A young fellow, named Edward ShjiM'uel8, was charged with a sjmil&r; offence at the Biohipoud station on the 22nd nit. The 'evidence pro and con was of a contra dictory nature; and the magistrates imposed a- fine of £1 Is., with £3L Is. costp. Charles Herbert WQ& Jet off with a fine of Is. for 'not producing his ticket when required. In a hurry he had not time to purchase a ticket at Melbourne and travelled to hjs destination at Bichmond without one, and proffered his fare to the porter, which the latter could pot accept, owing to the railway regulations. W. E.Ellis was fined Is., withoutoosts, lor travelling in a carnage with a ticket not available for the journey. The defendant, Who is a late arrival in Melbourne, had made a journey from .Bast . Bichmond to Melbourne with a return tiokBt bearing Ihe previous day's date. . He was under the impression that a return ticket issued one day would be available <to return with next day, hen,ce the small penalty imposed. Mr. Leonard pro-; aerated on behalf of the Bailway Department. 