SPORTING NOTES. BY EUSTIOTTS. The hounds are to throw-off on Saturday afternoon next at Mr. J. Hateley's farm. The Huntsman left with the " spotted beauties" yesterday for Millicent, the sports men of the latter place having arranged for a run with the pack this afternoon.. How have the mighty fallen ! The Mar quis, the best horse of his year in Great Britain, winner of the St. Leger and Two Thousand Guineas, and beaten only a head in the Derby through bad riding, sold for 25 sovs 1 Mr. S. Gardiner, of Bundoora-park, became his purchaser at that figure. The old fellow is fast verging into the sere and yellow," three-and-twenty summers having passed over his equine head. The August meeting of the Victoria Amateur Turf Club at Caulfield on Saturday was, in the opinion of the Argus, one of the most success ful, from a raciDg point of view, lreld since the inauguration of tbat body. The fields were large, the contests exciting, and for once backers were unusually fortunate. The Sapling Stakes brought oat 25 of the 27 on the card, and as might have been expected with a large field of youngsters, Mr. Watson ex perienced considerable difficulty in sending them away on anything like even terms. Duenna, by Lecturer, was the most speedy when the flag fell, and, rushing to the front, led the field home by a clear length ; King of (he Forest was second, and Honora third. In the Hurdlerace Merry Maid ran off the course near the sod wall, and took three others with her. Sanderson, however, kept her going and finished the course, but Rhesus, the favorite, caught her in the straight and won by half a length. The stewards disqualified the rider of Merry Maid for 12 months for not stopping, and placed Dhurringile second. In the Australian Amateur Challenge Cup, Edith, who won easily, ran inside a post, and the race was awarded to Qlowlight, who was first favorite at the start. The Selling Eace was won easily by The Ghost. The Caulfield Grand National produced one of the best races ever witnessed. Fourteen horses statted, and after the last fence had been cleared it was difficult to say which would win. Coriigan, who had patiently ridden the favourite, brought him to the front in the straight, and he won comfortably ; Chrysalis was second and Erin third, Baronet struck the jump opposite the stand, and he and his rider fell over the rails into the straight running. The meeting was brought to a successful conclusion by Don Quixote who was backed by the friends of the stable, beating the first favourite, Flambeau, for the Amateur Handicap Flat Eace. At the Amateur Championship Meeting held at the Polo Grounds, New York, on 10th June, L. E. Myers, the noted sprint runner, who lecently visited England and carried all before him, was defeated in the 220 yards race, the new wonder being H. Brooks, of Yale University, who won by a yard and a half from Myers in the fast time of 22 3-58ec. Dog racing is gaining in popularity in Philadelphia, Pa., where a match race for .£50 a-side, 200 yards, give or take a yard and a half to the pound, was to take place on 24th June, at Pastime Park, the contestants being Arthur Chambers's slut Let-her-come and George Barlow's slut Maud S. The dogs were to start at pistol-shut. Both dogs are from England. At the annual meet of bicyclists at Hamp ton Court, England, on 20th May, there were 2,360 riders in line, 1,534 of whom belonged to metropolitan rlubs. In addition, there were 148 tricyclists present." Every sporting man (says " Tout Cela," in the Sportsman) has heard, and many used the phrase, " Eclipse first, and the rest no where." The great majority perhaps, how ever, hardly know the exact origin of the sentence, which ruDS as followB :-" Colonel 0'Kelly and Mr. Wildman bad backed Eclipse, aftor bis easy Plate victory at the Epsom May Meeting of 1789, for his race at Ascot on May 29. Previous to the race O'&elly; had tafcea odds to an immense amount that he would name all the placed horses in their oidcr. An hour before run ning. this reckless plunger went even further, and betted evens and 6 to 3 that he would place the hoises in their order, and when called upon to declare, he used the memorable formula which has sincn pat-sed into a proverb, 'Eclipse first, and the ust nowhere.'" This was literally the case, for, in sporting phraseology, the horse, that is " distanced " is ?' nowhere," and that was how Eclipse served his antagonists on that occasion. It may be interesting here to note that this same Eclipse was orig'nally bought for 76 guineas. Soon after his Ascot win, de* tailed above, Colonel O'Kelly bought a balf share for 650 guineas, aud eventually the other half for 1,100 guineas. How good an investment this turned out is proved by the fact that, "at the lowest computation O'Kelly made £30,000 out of Eclipse by betting and through sale of his produce." His historian goes on to say that «. in this horse's short career of 18 months he had won eleven King's Plates, in ten of which he carried 12«t., be sides other stakes and matches. He was never once beaten or appoacbed, and so great was his fame that he was seldom admitted to BUI scription stakes without a high premium. . Since the idea of an annual meet of bicyclists first took a practical shape, eight years ago, the affair has gradually gained favour, aud culminated on the 20th May in the mostgigautic procession of this character that has ever been witnessed. Nearly 200 clubs seut representatives, and no fewer than 2,360 machines were on Hampton Green. The course from this point was through Hampton to New Hampton, past th<3 Clarence at i'eddiugton, down the beautiful chestnut avenue iu Bushby Park, and back by the Lion Gates to Hampton lireen. The proces sion was exceedingly well marshalled, and some idea of its magnitude may be gathered from the fact that although the loute is com* pufedat five miles, the first division of riders returned to Hampton Green before the last had left. A number of unattached riders and several tricycling clubs also took part in the procession. Among the many huge sweepstakes for the Derby- which, despite the keen eyes of the myrmidons of the law, are annually got np, is the one which is confined to the members of the Stock Exchange. The drawer of the Derby winner netted £ 12,000 in return for J5100 expended in a ticket. The House of Ummons Sweep, it i«, said, allowed a first pnze of £8,000, while other smaller prizes, which were, nevertheless, small fortunes in themselves, were known to be in the market in circles where betting would, under its ordinary guise, be frowned out of court Cunnamulla, winner of the last Sydney Cup, has jumped into the position of favorite for the Melbourne Cup, having been backed to win £30,000 on that event. His breeding, by Manbyrnong from Javelin's sister, is un exceptionable. The Dunedin Jockey Club cleared £2,786 by the aid of the totalisator over two meet* mgs. Masquerade and Kingsworth are about equal favorites for the HawkeBbury Han cheap. , The 26 miles professional bicycling cham pionship (English) between James ana Wood, was won, after two dead-heats, by James, in the fastest time on record, viz., lh. 20m. IBs. The victory was achieved by a couple of yards only. Mr. Kiss, a staunch sportsman, and a highly respected citizen of Sydney, died last Sunday. " Saville takes a long string from Adelaide to Melbourne, viz., The Assyrian, Prometheus, Footstep, Delusion, Laplander. Savanaka, The Hebrew, and First Water The totalisator took £8000 for two days work at the Adelaide Racing Club meeting. ? " '1 rumpator," of the Adelaide Observer, is very severe upon Mr. R. C. Baker for turning tail upon the totalisator, which he intro duced to Parliament, but is now endeavour ing to sacrifice on moral grounds.'' Mr. Baker's refusal to champion the machine now (8ays " Trumpator "), " has not been induced by thoughts of injuring Messrs. Ferry and Blacker, the lessees of the old course. He is not in a fit of disappointment at having failed to crash them by means of the calen dar, giving a lukewarm support to Messrs. Sandover and Pearce, because he knows that the repeal of the act must take thousands out of the pockets of the two gentlemen who have supreme control over the affairs of the A.R.O. No, he is turning upon the totali zator on moral grounds only." It is said that if the Totalisator Act is repealed both Ade laide clubs will introduce heavy licence fees for the bookmakers to pay. Of the 84 licensed book-makers in Mel. bourne, who, under the new betting arrange ment, contribute over £2000 per annum to the funds of the Victoria Racing Club, 78 belong to the ancient people. It is said that no one belonging to any other nationality has the slightest chance of maintaining his position as a book-maker owing to an understood arrangement by which the busi ness is kept strictly within "the ring." The danger of a sudden revulsion of feeling was fearfully exemplified last week in the case of Majory Savory, the chairman of the Committee of the Naval and Military Club. ThiB officer had drawn Shotover in the fire hundred pounds sweepstakes, and was so excited on hearing the news of the mare's victoiy, that shortly after wards he had an apoplectic fit, and lie was dead the next morning. Major Savory, who was formerly in the 78th Highlanders, was most popular, and is universally regretted. He leaves a wife and three young children. Moral Eschew gambling ] Salado, Texas, had a notable wedding the other day. The groom stood six feet high, and the bride but two feet eleven inches. One weighed 1601b., and the other but 651b. Ex tremes meet! 