? As I write, the elections for the Legislative Council are in full swing. I trust that neither of the candidates for the Melbourne Province, who have published long requisitions, will have the tale to tell that a candidate had after an election for the Assembly. In one of the towns on the goldfields a medical man took op his residence, some time before the election. He dispensed - his medicine freely without charge. At the election he was nominated for the tnwn, and, after having deposited his £50, a gentleman met him one .day and advised him to withdraw, as he would be sure to lose his £50 if he contested the election, as the people were only humbugging him. The -medico couldn't see it. The election took place, and the result was as the gentleman predicted—the deposit money was forfeited. Soon after, an advertisement appeared in the local paper, announcing the sale of the medical man's furniture. One of the reasons given for leaving the district was that he would not reside among a community of liars. Over 1800 had promised to vote for him, and only one hundred and odd had kept their promise, consequently some 1600 liars resided in that district. It is, perhaps, as well that few of our legislators are blessed, or cursed—which •you like—with a logical mind. Here is a specimen of the reasoning of one of those great reformers who would have the leasing system introduced. Mr. Hugh M'Coll, arguing in favour of leasing as against selling lands, quoted the following testimony of Charles Russell as to the baneful effects of Irish landlordism :— It may as a whole be truly said that it seems to have been contrived, as if by a malevolent genius, to develop the worst quality in the national character, and to repress the best contrived, to encourage idleness, thriftlessness, insincerity, and untruthfulness. Now it appears to me that, while this is an argument against Irish landlordism in particular, it is also against landlordism in general, whether it be constituted of a number of individuals or of the State, and is, therefore, an argument against leasing. While members of Parliament, who are paid well for the services they render, cannot be got to meet more than three days per week, no difficulty is experienced in getting them to roll up to a free cham pagne lunch. Oa Monday last a number of members of the Assembly, with their Bisters and their cousins and their aunts, were to inspect the British war steamer Nelson. Before doing so, however, they had a pleasant little trip round the bay and a free lunch on board our Nelson. It would, perhaps, be as well to try the experiment of forming a House on the off dBy« by giving a free champagne supper to those honourable members who attended. I am inclined to think that there would be a good roll up, for my experience is that wherever there is a free spread, or any perquisites, members of the Victorian Assembly swarm round like flies about a butcher's shop. A rather good tale is told of member of the literary world now dead. He occasionally forgot bis name, and signed someone else's to cheques. For this be was two or three times apprehended, but a popular barrister stood to him and always got him off. In one Case the evidence was very strong against him, but the barrister was equal to the occasion. . During the adjournment he Went overnight to an hotel frequented by pressmen, and having howled out bis difficulties, the members of the fourth estate knew that-their offending brother suffered from aberration of the intellect through drink, and consequently Went and gave evidence in his favour./ The prisoner was discharged, and the first act after his release was to put the barrister's name to a chequp, which looked very like method in his madness. The organ of thie Orangemen in Victoria recently played a nice prank upon its readers, fro doubt, some of them thought that the editor/was» priest in disguise, and was trying, to convert wiem. Recently a/tale, called the "Orange Lily," was being published in the journal, and s3l of a sudden it was brought to an abrupt conclusion, and roe explanaf ' given * that " ' the " tale was Wed with for th W t o so thoui terms wouli fire" _ glorioos7 " It was really too f the " Orange olicity (at least imen),in any other mtempt. .The tale ceivsd with " Kentish d up to admiration the' >r^;and immortal William, but, having dealt fairly with Catholicity, it did not meet with the approval of these bigots. 6 from time t } o time expressed in this column my belief that there was a good deal of truth in the statements that many of the clever captures made by the detective police are the result of robberies carefully planned by some members of the force, who employ a criminal to induce others to commit the offences and keep the detectives fully informed as to what was going on. The detectives then ponnce down and secure the dupes, but the arch- plotter is, of course, allowed to escape, and is permitted to do a little robbing on his own account withut molestation. The newspapers, of ourse, had paragraphs giving full pariculars of the clever captures made by he enterprising detectives. There is trong evidence in support of these stateents in the fact that, while the newsapers, day after day, contain notices of urglaries, there haB not been, since the ttention of the Police Commission has een directed to these "put up" obberies, one single clever capture, and carcely a capture of any kind worth entioning. Even from a purely financial point of view it is not to one's disadvantage to be a good amateur cricketer, as he can not only enjoy sport, but make money while so doing. The Australian Eleven, who have recently returned from England, have had a pleasant tour, which has oost them nothing, and each member of the team pockets over a clear £1000. Not so bad this for amateurs, and all within a year. I do not begrudge them their gains. They did the colonies good service, and are well entitled to all they have made. I only mention the fact to show how pleasant and profitable it is to be a first-class cricketer. The nice new carpet which Robinson had purchased as an offering Tor Mrs. R. had just been laid, when R., who had brought home some work from the office, upset the inkstand on it. Robinson had just finished his work when ntered, and he at once burst out with, "Look here, I have something for you ewspaper men to moralise over. How s it that a man may be as cool as an cicle under extraordinary circum tances of danger or excitement e may preserve an even mind hen a ghost comes into his room at idnight; he may assume command and ct nobly and well when the ship is inking ; but let that man—let any man upset his inkstand, and he springs to his feet, makes a desperate grasp for the inkstand and knocks it half way across the table, claws after his papers, and sweeps through the sable puddle to save them, tears his white handkerchief from his pocket and mops up the ink with it, and after he has smeared the table, his hands, and his lavender trousers with ink, as far as it could be made to go, discovers that early in the engagement he knocked the inkstand clear off the table, and it has been draining its lifeink away all that time in the centre of the only light figure in the pattern of the carpet. Then he wonders why a man always makes a fool of himself when he upsets a bottle of ink. He doesn't know why. Nobody knows why. But every time it is so. If you don't believe it, try it." What a street soene I A pouring wet day, an omnibuB full inside, two ladies, one plump and pleasant-looking, the other somewhat of the hop-pole style of architecture, want seats. To oblige a lady, the buxom one, a gentleman goes outBide, and as the 'bus is sbout to start the hop* pole one puts her head in, glowera at the occupants generally, and says, with intense scorn, " I suppose some one would make room for me if I had a cotton-wool bosom and a paper counterpoise," only the language used by the lady smacked more Of the Saxon, and its lucidity would have rejoiced the heart of a professor of logic. TAPLEY, MAETSB EXOUBSIONS.—To the very large number of exoursionists who, for various Teasons, favour the Golden Crown, it has be a matter of regret and inconvenience that this popular steamer was not this season making her usual trips down the bay. But that disappointment will not he muoh longer 'experienced. The delay was occasioned by some misunderstanding as.to the circumstances under which the vessel should be commissioned this year, and that matter being now settled, she will very soon resume the traffic for which she is so eminently well adapted. The result of a special survey recently made is that her only defective part lis a portion of the keel to a shallow depth, and the necessary Tepairs there will be speedily effected. Otherwise her hull is . strong, a»d her machinery is in splendid working order. 