OYSTER CULTURE IN TASMANIA. The Hobart correspondent of tihe Laun ceton? E2raminer thus describes the re~slt of an attempt made at oyster culture: The effort to breed and fatten oysters in Tasmania, about which several flattering paragrnphs have been writteu in the Eng lish papers, has been given up by the association which started for that purpose between two and three years ago.. Three thousand oysters were obtained and placed in prepared beds constructed at Oyster Cove, where it was expected-as that local ity had been the natural lhorne of the oyster, whin the ancestors of Billy Lanny gulped them down without pepper or vinegar, nor looked for porter afterwards that the much appreciated bivalve would wax fat, thrive, and multiply their species. But things have evidently changed, for notwithstanding tihe beautiful beds prepared, the oysters refused to multiply, and grow so thin that a few which were cxamined whor last thi officers of the association visited the locality, were nothing but beard, and very little of that. A troublesome -weed invaded -the habitation, growing all over the facines, mordus, and wattles.- and thrived wonder fully in the water, which yieldled so little nourishment to tihe oysters that they were melancholy spectacles when opened. Gales destroyed Come of the work, and the rnud silted "up over the beds, smothering the oysters in parts. Under these circum? stanees the directors of the company felt it useless to spend more mnoney, and recorn mended winding up the association and dividing the assets. This proposal was adopted by the shareholders, though as pointed out by one of the gentlemen present, it is a pity to break up the bedcl even if there is only a ghost of achance of things turning rout better yet. Trhosale of a few tboliannuls of pauper oysters would not realise much, andl the few remaininE liabilities of the ass?,iation c.ultl be paid off with £10. One bed, where the smaller species of oyster hadl been placed: was doing pretty sell, thIlgh the oysters had. not spatted. and to break tip thiis bed for the sake of a few pontls would seem a pity.. All the beds will probably be saved from destruction, as the gentleman who op. posed that course will make ant offer to buy out the rest of the nlisielholders and allow them to remain. The Ibeds lalild down by M r. .I. E. Ilisby at Eglelleh.twk Neck are lookl ing well, though it is niot known whehoer they have spittld or nit. 