BAND OF HOPE. . . Meets every alternate Monday, Wesleyan Ghapel. CopdiictoryT. W. Stroud ; Secretary, W. H. Campbell. - .: On Thursday morning abreakfast was given by the National Temperance League and the members of 'the Evangelical Alliance at the Washington Hotel, Liverpool. After an in teresting address from the President (Mr. S. Bowley.) The Rev. Charles Garrett said he had now been an abstainer for more than forty years, and conld gladly bear his testimony to the benefit which total abstinence had conferred upon him. People sometimes expressed sym pathy with total abstainers, but his sympathy was quite tlie other way. He sympathised most heartily with, drinkers, because they were little conscious of what they were losing. They were suffering loss in the matter of health, for he was. quite sure that he would ' never have been . able, to do the work as u- moderate drinker that he had done as an ab stainer. Then he had preserved his natural tastes. He was lately shown over some large cellars by a wine merchant who said that nearly all his .men were abstainers, and who ver3r mucli wished that he could get his prin cipal clerk Jto try. .the rarest wines. " because his taste was so much' the more delicate than that of the drinkers." Then there was tlie the loss of moral -power suffered by those who took intoxicating drink. He was con tinually applied to by ministers and friends to go and speak to drunkards. Why didn't they go ? If he were not abstainer that would weigh with him more than anything in induc ing him to become one. If he lost the power of going to any sinner and dealing with hiui, he had. suffered tremendous damage as a gen tlemen and as a Christian minister. A word to abstainers : Do let them be consistent and banish the wine from their tables. The hesi tation on this matter was full pf danger. It required a little courage, but only let tiie . ladies follow the noble example set by Mrs. . Hayes, who banished strong drink from the White House, and they would do the tem perance cause a most essential service, besides making their houses as Bafe for his children as his house is for theirs. Mr. Garrett then gave the following sad story : I was the other day in a beautiful "residence where I have often been entertained before. . There was a large gathering of friends, for this family, I knew, had been prominent fortheir hospita lity. I knew that total abstinence had not been smiled upon there, but T was astonished when I sat down at the table to notice that they were no wine- glasses - I almost took it as a compliment to myself in my foolishness ; hut whispering to the lady, I said, " I see no wine-glasses here— are .you teetotallers for the day because I am here?" And I saw in a momfent the change in her face. She said, " I have something to tell you about that," and in a conversation after dinner she said ; "You remember my Willie?" "Oh! yes I remember Willie well ?" " Was he not a bon ny boy ?" she asked with tears in her eyes. " Yes," I said "one of- the finest lads I ever knew." " Yes," she said, " and he was my pride. You know we have used wine freel). You know that the leading ministers in the Connexion have always made this house their home, and that they have always been wel come. I used to allow the children to stay up when the ministers were to have the be nefit of their conversation. The children had a half glass of wine, the ministers a full glass, and so had their father. By-and-bye I no ticed what aroused my suspicious. Willie used to come home smelling of wine, and T jdidn't like it. I spoke to him and he said there were no danger. He had only been meeting a few friends. By-and-bye I noticed he was husky, and at last he came home in a state that made -my heart ache. One night lie came home quite drunk. I could not con ceal it from his father. His father is a hot- tempered man, and met him in the lobby, and b.itter-woriis passed. His father ordered him out of the house, and he went, and for inontlis we never knew what become of hiui. /Father would not let us mention his name, And I and his sisters could do nothing but pray. We did not know whether he was dead or alive, and one night when the ser vants had gone to bed, and we were sitting together, I suddenly heard a noise and I thought it was Willie's voice. I dared not speak. My husband looked around and said, Did hear you anhing?' I thought I lier.nl a voice, 4 1 believe,' he sand 'it is Willie. . Just go to the door and see.'. I went to the" door.' and there he. stood, more like a ghost than a young man. He looked at me, aud I said, ' Willie !' ' Mother,' he said ' will 3011 let me in ?' ' Aye, my lad thou ought never to' have gone away come in, come in,' and I-had.to lend liim my arm. ' Don't take me into the drawing room — take me into tlie kitchen. I feel, mother, as if I were dying.' LNo,-my lad, you shall not die.' ' Will 3011 make me a basin of barley broth like 3011 used to make me?' 'I will make you ahy- thipg you like, my boy, but you must come -upstairs and lie down.' ' Oh, mother, I can't take it, I feel as if I were fainting.' I called his father, and he came, but did not say an angiy word to' him. He conld not when he saw the state he was in. We carried hiin up- . stairs and laid him down upon the bed, aud after a moment's pause he said, ' Father, the drink has killed me.' 4 No my boy,' said his father, 'we shall bring you round yeu' ' Never father — God be merciful to me a sin ner ;' and his head fell back, and their was an end of our boy in this life. His father stood and looked at Willie as he lay there and said to me, 'Mother, tlie drink has killed our Willie, and there shall never be another drop of drink in this house while I am alive.'" Sir and gentlemen (continued Mr. Garrett), there are many Willies. I am at tbe head 1 £ a mission in Liverpool, and I can truly say there is not a week I do not have a Willi-, Or a -letter about a Willie from some respect able Methodist Lome blighted and wliitheivd by this terrible cQise. Is this a mere idi 1 whim that were are speaking about? Ought we not to battle with it how- and. ever, arid exert all the power we possess; in order (-> rescue the young people of our land and 111a 1 e England what it ought to be ? May God h.-.p us t (Gheers. ) WATCHMANf' 