^libethic ptrnfi) (PUBLISRljiD DAriiY.) | Echuca; Friday, March 24, 1882. It lias frequently been urged that the climate o£ this district lias an enervating : effect upon those who reside here for a continuous course of years, and this plea is sometimes raised in an apologetic manner to account for the inertness displayed in matters of sport and sometimes in matters of progression. The fallacy of this argument has been amply demonstrated by the successes which attended the late fouroared crew from the Murray which carried off the maiden events 011 the Lower Yarra on Saturday last. Of that crew two members were natives of this district, one other has resided here since childhood, and the fourth oarsman has been a ; resident of the town since incipient manhood. They trained themselves in the height of a summer in which the heat has been excessive and continuous, and yet succeeded in the highest degree in competition with the best maiden oarsmen that the leading clubs of the colony could produce. The local crew had great disabilities to contend with, amongst other drawbacks being their ignorance of the ■ course upon which the events were rowed, the indisposition of one member of the crew, and the want of experience of a second member. "This victory of local athletes at once disposes of the reason urged by local cricketers and other sportsmen for the remarkable want of energy displayed by them, and the, only conclusion to be deducted is that the deterrent to succcss is in the men, not in the climatic influences t'a be contended against. Whilst on the subject of athletic exercises a few words regarding rowing may not be inopportune. This pastime is •par excellence. an exercise calculated to. prove beneficial to those who follow it up. Rowing exercises when, judiciously taken, serve to develop and , strengthen the human frame, by expanding the chest, developing the lungs, aiul giving powei to the legs i, and arms, adding strength to every bone, muscle and sinew, besides hardening and strengthening the general constitution. Not only are direct: benefits experienced from a pursuit of aquatics, but indirectly those who take part in rowing are improved. Late hours and fast habits are quite incompatible with the career of a successful oarsmen, and therefore if a rowing man is really fond of the pastime he will speedily relinquish the habits ot' night excesses in Savor of the health-creating and reputable pleasures of the river. Rowing will also affect the mental man by imparting confidence, determination, and strength of character, whilst the necessity of keeping his temper and displaying a feeling of good comradeship towards his fellow ath- \ letes will gradually and almost impercep tibly affect his characteristics in that respect. The Echuca Rowing Club is deservedly proud of the perf< rmances of its oarsmen, but the members should not rosl satisfied with the laurels already gathered. Other maiden crews should be thought of for coming events, and the fact that senior races are provided for should not be lost sight of. A wish has been expressed that a regatta should be held at Echuca either late this season or early in the next, but the club does not as yet possess the necessary plant. The idea of holding a bazaar and art-union has been mooted for the purpose of providing funds to enable more boats to be purchased, and we think the executive of the club (having already steered the association through | difficulties of no inconsiderable magnitude) will prove sufficiently practical to carry this project to a successful issue. The . regatta would prove interesting to the general public, and would be beneficial in a pecuniary manner to business, so that it; is to be hoped that the subject will receive the amount of consideration it is justly entitled to. . \ - ■ ,, — ■ I Government Revenue.—The revenue received at the sub-treasury for the week ending Wednesday, 22nd inst., amounted to £839 5s. 8d. This was derived from .both customs and laud sources. The following were the daily receipts :—Thursday, £123 12s. 6d.; Friday, £218 14s. 4d.; Saturday-, £115 4s. 6d.; Monday, £94 13s. fid.: Tuesday, £160 13s. Od.; Wednesday, £126 8s. Od. Total, £839 5s. Sd. The ToTVRU.uBARTtY Common.—At the Local Land Board yesterday, a matter was set down for hearing and considering which was of great interest to the farmers and selectors in the neighborhood of Torrumbarr*. This was to " consider and report as to whether tho area at present available for commonage within the boundaries of the Torrumbarry Farmers' Common should be any longer retained for that purpose." There were a great number of farmers in town, anxious to hear what might be said on the subject, and numerous groups were to be seen hero and there in the streets* discussing the pros and cons of the case. When the matter was called oil iii due course, Mr. Ponnefather, at the instance of Mr. J. T. Brown* asked that it be adjourned till next meeting of the Board, which is to bo held in April, on the ground that the farmers were not prepared with the evidence they desired through the short notice given of the action taken by the Board. The application was at once granted, as no person present raised any objection. The only argument in favor of having the Farmers' Common abolished, is that it contains many detached portions and is therefore of no value to the farmors at large ; at the same time it is one of the best arguments in favor of the common remaining intact, and the farmers initiated into all the privileges they havo hitherto enjoyed. Although the common is 30 composed of detached pieces, it should be remembered that the claimants to the use of tho common are living also in many detached portions of the 143 miles (the area of the common is twelve miles square) gazetted as a common on the 2vth March, 1876 ; therefore it is a very favourable argument in favor of having it retained intact as a common. But there are other reasons which can bo shown on this point. It. is now seventeen \Veeks since the farmers in that neighborhood began to drive their cattle to Water on this common, and since that time no less than 245 head have died for want of feed. Had the grass been allowed to remain on the common as it was and ought to have been, not 10-per cent, .of that number would have succumbed;. In many instances, cattle had to travel eight or ten miles to obtain water4; now had these been allowed tc stay in the vicinity all night, or even say a day, the journeys would have : been reduced to two or three a week, instead of seven. One party told us that he had soen cattle coming homo about seven o'clock in the evening, which had been away all"day after water, looking as though they could do with another drink, after having travelled twelve or fourteen miles. Another argument against the abolition is that the farmers were in 1880 promised all the Grown lands at the expiration of the squatters' leases, within.the area gazetted, but instead. 6f. having . their privileges augmented, the farmers were cooly . told , that Vvliat they had must be abolished Altogether—the squatters' leases i being renewed. This will entail a loss of somo 200 or 300 head of cattle and other stock in proportion—and perhaps even of a few human beings. It is an acknowledged fact and often.remarked at the present time, that children living eiijht or ten miles from the water have had nothing moist to wash their faces with, except their tears when they weep. The Shiro Council have treated the subject with apathy, and in the meantime the farmers are getting despoiled of their rights. We hope, however, that at the next (Land Board, the officers composing that body will see their way to: favorably recommend that be rights of the farmers of Torrumbarry are not infringed upon by squatters or any others interested. The Borough Kiection.- Four candidates for the vacant seat in the Borough Council werenominated yesterday, viz :—Mr. Charles Adams, saddler, High-street ; Mr. H. F. Davies, of the Melbourne Gash Stores, Harestreet and .Packeiih;un-street ; Mr. William Norman, ironmonger, of Hare-st,reet ; and Mr. R. Symons, builder, of RatclifTe-street. .Mr. Davis and Mr. Mormon have both contested elections on previous occasions, but Mr. Adains and Mr. Symons are new aspirants for municipal honors. The Drought in Jew Sooth Waxes.— Our Perricoota correspondent informs us that the effects of the prolonged dry weather at Perricoota are incredible.. Neither grass nor roots are to be seen, and the sheep are like ghosts or living skeletons as they wander about in search of food, and _ waiting for better times. Notwithstanding this sad state of affairs farmors are as busy as they canpossibly be ploughing and sowing, nothing daunted, " try, try:again " being their motto. Tho Victorians 'are evidently going :t6 gain a march of their New South Wales brethren in regard to waterworks, and we do not see why they should not follow suit, having a full belief in canalisation and. irrigation.Bishop Moorhouse said that if the farmers in the Pemcoota district would only conserve the water they had as fine land as any in the colony, and they could raise as good crops as any others. In the meantime all the tanks are dry, and if rain does not' make its appearance within a week or two, the consequences will be inost disastrous. ■ . Proposed Aquatic Contest. — What should prove _ to be rather an interesting aquatic event.' in which local oarsmen will be the actors, is on the tapis. The proposal emanates 'from the civil servants at Echuca, four of whom are prepared to row any other ; four-oared; crew on the Murray. Tho Civil Service.crew will include two members of the representative crew, and the sub-treasury a d postal departments will probably furnish the remaining oarsmen. For tho all-coiners a strong crew could easily bo composed, so .that in all prooability the proposal will be readily accepted. The Old Enolyshe Fayke.—One of the features of the forthcoming Oldo Englyshe 'Kayre which promises tip be most interesting, is the Richardson's Show, to be produced under the rather astounding title of " "Bullshazzer the Buccaneer," and the in option of which is due to Mr. Duraut Uarcourt. The show will bo of about twenty minutes' | duration, and the usual hornpipe fighting ;. and victory of the British tar >vill be intro- j duced. [ Racin*«.—Tho committee of the Ecluica ! Racing Club have decided to alter the distance of the Town Plate to a mile and a : quarter, as it was deemed inadvisable to ' have the two principal events the similar in I distances, I 