A STRANGE CONFESSION. chapter l the perfume of violets. Snow everywhere. Oat over tbe low lands a pure white mantle, covering the hills, save where the wind liad whirled it into wreaths, leaving dark brown patches, clothing with myriads of sparkling cry stals the lace-work of black interlacing boughs. Nevertheless, the Bcene was by- no means a drear one, for the 8ky was bine, the sun, if not warm, still golden, while the healthful north wind brought brighter roses to the cheeks than summer itself could have done. " Don't yon think that winlei's Plessinter than all ? " The words were hummed in a soft, musical whisper ; but they came from Florence Maythorpe's very heart as she skimmed, light and graceful as a swallow, over the ice-bound lake down by tbe plantation in her grandfather, Squire May thorpe's, grounds. \- She was not the only .skater. There were some dozen other young people of both sexes, who, the last touches having been given to the church decorations, had devoted the two hours before twilight to ; ekaling ; for Tom Thorobmy— having particular reasons for the assertion, not at sll founded on werttar knowledge, but rather on the bright eyes of Effie Wynn — had declared that it would he sure to thaw before morning. ' He and the said Effie, the Rector's daughter, had been performing wonderful evolutions on the ice, when the girl came gliding across to Florence, too occupied by her own happy thoughts to care for company. 1 Isn't this a glorious Christmas-eve, Flo?' she remarked. ' Old Susan Briggs says there hasn't been such a one for ten years. It's all in hononr of you and Captain Darrell ! ' ' I'm glad the clerk of the weather is so kindly disposed to us ! ' laughed Florie, the delicate colour on her cheek heighten ing — a brighter light in her eyes. It's no wonder ! You are, I think, the most fortunate girl out, dear. First, you are the squire's heiress, with not a soul to share the honour ; then you fall in love with the right person, everybody gives consent, and all goes as merrily as a marriage-bell 1 ' 4 1 confess, Effie, I ought to be grateful for so much happiness, and I think — I hope I am.' There was a gentle seriousness in the voice — a Bhade in the brown eyes that Droved it 4 Captain Darrell arrives this evening ? ' ' Yes, by the 4.30 train.' 4 Then it's nearly due ; so you'll be I—i. 1 _ t — _T_ iL — U M 11 LA AAAA1HA lttm gebVLOg uac&. to LUB AXttll VU lewivo luui like a devoted fiancee. You'll consider me an enemy if I detain you. Good bye, Flo. A merry Christmas and a happy New Year, though, as that's certain, the wish is much like sending coals to Newcastle., 4 Is anything certain in this world 1 ' laughed Florie, uttering words, as we are apt to do, without considering them in her heart ' Then, with a merry nod, the friends parted — never again to meet ! After that Florie Maythorpe did not remain long on the ice. Her pulses had been throbbing a little impatiently for Effie to be gone, she having caught the whistle of the incoming train, which she hoped brought Captain Darrell, as it rushed round the bend of the hid. She skated to a distant part of the lake among the leafless willows, unbuckled her skates, and carrying them in her hand, passed swiftly anduuperceivedintotheplantation, a path throagh which led to a small private gate giving on to the road. What is sweeter than the sweet im patience of love ? Florie was impatient to make sure that Captain Darrell had arrived, and from tbe gate she knew she could see the station, not a mile distant, and the carriage that was to briog her lover to the Hall just before it would disappear round the base of the hil'. This had been Captain Darrell'e last voyage. She was no longer to lie awake of stormy nights trembling for him — no longer to shudder with drear heart-sick ness when ehe heard of foundered vessels, wrecks, and ships mysteriously lost at sea. Early in the New Year they were to be married, then — never — never again to part ; while what a merry Christmas the squire, who adored her, his only son's child, as though she had been his own, intended this to be ! Uoxiug-day was to be a fite indeed. ' How delightful if this weather con tinues 1 ' reflected Florie, as, opening the gate, she stepped into the road. ' Oh 1 kind Lnna,' addressing the moon just rising, if you have any influence as some people believe, with the clerk of the weather, do speak a word for me !' Then she bent her eyes on the station, for the thud of the train was close at hand. Through the twilight she could see it with its two feeble little oil-lamps and the carriage waiting on the stretch of road in front. Now there was a whistle —a rush — a stillness — then a rnsh again. The train had come in and once more started ; yet the carriage remained sta tionary. No, it moved — only to the little inn, though ; then the station iamps were put out. No train now until half- past nine. Had not Captain Darrell come ? ' Sick with disappointment, Florie leaned against the gate. What could it mean ? He had promised so surely to come. He had never broken his word to her yet. Florie could'nt quite make up her mind to return to the Hail yet, but leaned against the gate, her eyes on the carriage, the coachman of which she saw was drinking with the landlord out side the inn. 4 When will not those men drink ?' she thought, impatiently. 4 Why doesn't he return to tell us Bobert hasn't com: ?' Abruptly she turned her head. There was the sound of a quick, light step com ing up the road, accompanied by a clear voice singing with much vigour, though not quite in tune : 41 4 Three times round went oar gellnnt ship And three times round went Bhe." The singer was a young man of abont eight and twenty, with a tall, square- shouldered figure, a handsome bronzed face, blue eyes, and thick waving fair hair. 4 It is he ! He has come ! I thought he would not break his promise on this day !' mentally ejacnlated Florie, the roses once more in her cheeky and resting against the gate now from a revulsion of feeling How handsome ! — How happy he looks ! Should she wait for him, or escape into the plantation ? What excuse could she give for being there ? Could she get to the Hall before bun ?' Those who hesitate are lost, it is said. Florie's mind was but half made up. Her hand was only on the latch when the opportunity for flight was gone. Her own name arrested her. 4 Flo— jJny dear Flo!' Captain Darrell had seen her. Not a minute after he was by her side, his arms arouod her, and — the road was almost a private one, while it was dark it must be remembered — he was stealing a kiss from the lips of his beloved. 'This is kind I This is like your own dear self ; and no better is there in the world 1' he exclaimed, and she saw the love shine in his eyes, despite the falling darkness. 4 Of coarse you came to meet me? You koew how impatient I should be to see you? he added, gazing down at her. 4 I fancy I was impatient too, Robert,' she laughed, all thought of excuse gone out of her head ! 4 but I fancied you would come ill the carriage.' . 4 What, Flo 1 just for a distance that , nowadays is hardly more than a quarter, deck walk P. he responded, gaily. 4 Not I ; I gave Jackson something to drink merry Christmas, and need my legs in lieu of the horse's, intending to make a shot? cut by this path, for they had en tered the plantation, ' I did not expect to see you though, darling j but every thing seems to have gone well this year. As tothe next, I've no doubt about that. Sir Morton, the pater, has sent no end of pretty speeches ; but his presents he'll allow none to give but himself He comes three days before our wedding. They were standing in the path with the shadows of the winter evening around them, wheu the girl gave a Budden start and looked quickly round. 4 What is it, Flo ? he asked. 4 Anybody eavesdropping ?' ' No it is nothing; that iB, but fancy,' she responded merrily. ' The air to me appeared full of perfume of violets." 4 Violets in this season !' he smiled. ' No ; I am aware that could not be,' she remarked, her tones hesitating and strange. 4 But — but don't laugh at me, Robert I have smelt them like that twice before out of season, and each time some trouble has always followed — the first time, papa died.' 4 Why, Flo,' and his arm stole round her waist, 4 what thoughts for Christmas- eve 1 and, too, for my return 1 Darling, isn't it ungrateful to talk of trouble amidst such happiness as onrs ? There, I,U not hear it ; and this for a penalty.' He bent his head to steal the kiss, when through the wintry stillness rang out the first dinner-bell, and Florence broke away. Tf nannnf n nttr ka riDl ' flflA fimilPfl. ' Pray go on, Robert, or you will not see grandpapa before dinner.' 4 Go on ! — and you ? 4 Oh ! I couldn't put in an appearance with you,' Bhe rejoined. What would Mrs. Dobson, the housekeeper, say ? — 4 MoBt unladylike behaviour !' No ; please go on, Robert, for really I have a mes sage to leave at the lodge. But let us see who will be first in the drawing-room,' and before he could stay her she had darted away amoDg the trees, the twilight closing round her path. The message was not a sudden creation of Florence Maythorpe's brain, but truth ; and for some few minutes she stood chatting to the pleasant wife of the lodge-keeper in the bright, cosy little parlour, with the rosy children clustering about her skirts. Then Bhe pasBed up the avenue to the Hall quickly, for ehe knew Captain Darrell would take the hint about the drawing- room. Hardly, however, had ehe gone many paces when she became aware of two figures before her proceeding in the same direction. Both were women, and both shabbily attired. The elder, who must have been over seventy, was almost of gipsy aspect, with tawny, wrinkled skin, and blight dark eyes, and walked with a slight stoop. The other was not more than Florie's own age ; ehe walked erect, even with a sort of quiet dignity, while from beneath her shabby ebawl gleamed rich tresses of eolden hair. 4 Who could they be ? And how,' thought the girl, 4 had they managed to pass the lodge ?' That last question was easily answered. They must have done so while ehe was talking inside. Perhaps they were carol- singers. She determined to accost them. At the same moment, hearing her step, tbey turned, and Florie was struck by tbe loveliness, the refinement, and delicacy of the girl's face. As the old woman dropped a humble curtsey she stepped back, her large, handsome eyes fixed on Florence with a proud, bat — as it seemed — a pitying sadness. 4 May I ask what you want ?' said Flo, kindly. 'Are you going to the Hall ?' 4 Yes, miss,' rejoined the old woman, again curtseying ; ' It's the squire I want to see particular.' ' I fear you will find Mm engaged at this hour. Shall I not do as well ?' ' No, miss, thank yon ; no one but the squire ; and I fancy he'll see me, miss. At least, I must see Mm !' ' I don't know ; you must take your chance. Still, if you come with me, I'll let the Squire know. Whom shall I say wants to see him ?' 4 Janet Smithson, miss, please-' Flo led them up the broad steps iuto the spacious hall, where a huge fire sent red, rich lights on the Christmas decora tions ; and disturbing a fine deer-hound to make place for them on the rug, bade them warm themselves while she was away. Where had the squire got to 1 No where could Flo find him. Growing im patient, remembering Robert Darrell was hastening his dressing, she returned to the hall to inform the two, who were no doubt there for charity, that they must wait. Entering, however, she found the deer-hound once more the sole occupant of the rag — the two women were gone. 4 Not ran away, sorely ?' she thought. 'Perhaps one of the servants has put them in the anteroom. I'll see.' Crossing the oak floor, she opened a door, then stopped abruptly, arrested by the sound of the squire's voice. It was full of pun and indignation, while the words he uttered were : ' Woman, do you know I am a magis trate, and there is a gaol for impostors ? What mad story is this you would have me believe ?' ' It is no mad story, squire, it is trutb, and I don't come here without proofs,' said the old woman, firmly. ' Do you recollect Susan Welliog, tbe wet-nurse yonr bod engaged for his little baby-daughter? Well, she had a brother — my bou Jem — who your son had con victed of poaching and manslaughter, though he was as innocent as the babe unborn.' 'He was guilty, woman. He was more — an utterly worthless fellow, safest, t best in prison. I remember now— my boy was too lenient to Mm !' exclaimed tlie squire. 4 Yes,' laughed the old woman, bitterly, 4 and pitied the eister in her widow-hood, so took her as a nurse to his own mother less child. He thought Susan all sweet ness and humility ; but she entered your sou's house, squire, with the resolve to avenge Jem. I have it here ' — her hand on her bosom— in her own writing, and she succeeded.' 4 Woman it is false ! You cannot— dare not — say that this — this girl with yon ' cried the squire. ' Ib yonr son's child, and your grand daughter, while the girl who has been called so, Squire Maythorpe, ie mine — my Susan's offspring. She changed the children. With a cry the squire dropped back into his seat ;.but Florence. neither heard nor saw. With dilated, horrified eyes, a stuaned, dazed 'feeling, she had fled — fled, white as a ghost, through the Christmas- decorated hall, up the - osk stairs, along the corridor, to her own room, where ahe fell, too horrified to lose consciousness, upon the floor. She's not the squire's grandchild, but that old woman's ! — she the niece to a poacher — a convict ! CHAPTER IL florie's flight. It was not to be believed 1 The squire could not believe, then how could Florie ? Still, Janet Smithson had her proofs, wMch there was no gainsaying. A letter, or rather confession, of Susan Welling on her death-bed, written in her uncertain hand — made more uncertain by the chill of death — and signed by her, this conld not be refuted while there was the beautiful delicate girl to prove it. The squire, leaving Janet and the girl, ordering them refreshment, and bidding them at present breathe their Becret to none else, had, in great sorrow and per turbation of mind, gone to Ms stady and sent for Florence. How was he to tell her ? How conld he ? The message brought back surprised Mm. Miss Maythorpe was in her dressing- room— she was not very well. Would he come to her ? Not well ! All the day he had not seen ber look ' better. Nevertheless, he complied with her wish. He could not have thwarted her at that time. 4 Come in;' how faintly the words sounaea — in a voice ne would narqiy have recognised as hers — while on enter ing it was almost as difficult for Mm to recognise his bright, merry, winsome pet, in the pale-faced, tearful-eyed, sad-looking girl who was advancing towards Mm. 'Florence!' he gasped, in concern. ' What is it, my darling ? You are ill indeed.' 4 Grandpapa, oh, grandpapa,' ehe cried, throwing herself npon his neck with a burst of grief, 4 tell me it isn't true — that it's a mistake — that it's false — all a cruel deception 1' " ' What is not true, my pet ? What a mistake ?' 4 That which that woman, Janet Smithson, declared,' answered Florie. 4 That — that — oh, it is too terrible, too improbable — I am not your grandchild, but hers !' As she ended she lifted her head, and with eager eyes gazed into the squire's face. The old man could not meet her glance. 4 Oh, Florie, Florie, my darling,' he murmured piteouely, with bowed bead. ' Then it is true — oh, it is true f she cried. 4 1 am Susan Wetting's child.' 4 She says so — ehe says so !' exclaimed the squire, quickly ; ' but to say is easy, Flo. She must prove it, dear.' 1 And, grandpapa — let me call yon -that until she does., 'Florence, yon shall always call me SO., ' Do von think she can nmve it ?' in- quired Fio, suddenly growing calm. 4 My darling, it is difficult to say,' was the evasive response. ' The story she tells is a probable one. Susan Wellins.' added the squire, indignantly, 4 was a vile, an ungrateful ' ' Hush, grandpapa !' interposed Flo rence, gently. 4 You may be speaking of my mother. Tell me, have you not already had proofs of Jauet Smithson'e statement ? Had she not them to give ? Ob, hide nothing from me now; it wonld not be kind.' He knew that she was right, and told her. Flo listened in silence. Only a spasmodic quiver of the email lips showed her suffering. 4 Grandpapa,' she said, ; in alow tone, when he had finished, ' this story is true. No woman, however wicked, wonld write down a falsehood on her death-bed. She had her revenge in life ; as death approached she repented. Revenge is selfish ; my — mother,' with an effort, 4 never thought of me.' Her voice failed ; she bowed herface on her hands. The squire sat helpless — overwhelmed. Then Flo looked up, but with her lashes drooped, and said, in an unsteady voice : 'Ciptaiu Darrell is in the drawing- room, please go to Mm. Please tell him everything ; let him know all' 4 Why at present, Flo ?' he hesitated. ' This story may be false.' 1 ' No, grandpapa ; you know it is not. Robert has a right to be informed,' sadly. I am sure it will be as bitter for him as for me ; because — because there can be nothing between us two now, of course.' 4 Nothing between you two ? cried the squire, indignautly. 4 He loves you for yourself, Flo, darling, as I do. I know Robert. Even this he will not let come between you and Mm.' ' It is not he, grandpapa,' she said with a wan smile, 4 but me. I am Janet Smithsou's grandchild. Do you think Sir Morton would give his consent to such an union for his son ? Do you think I would bring such disgrace on Robert ? that I would let him wed the niece ef a convicted poacher ? No, I love him too well.' 4 Oh Florie ! Florie ! my poor, brave girl 1' sobbed the squire. 'Let us all be brave ; ask Robert to be so, dear,' Bhe remarked, 4 then we shall bear this trial better. Go to Robert ; he must think it strange to be left so long alone.' Gently she urged him to the door, and when she had closed it upon him she tottered back 1 1 the couch and dropped upon it weeping. She bad read, more by the squires' manner than Ms words, that Janet Smithson had proved her statement. It was bitter the thought of giving up her position — of leaving the dear old Hall — her home from childhood ; but it was the bitterest the giving up Robert ; yet she knew it must be. ' No wonder I smelt the violets this evening,' she sobbed. 4 What trouble could it portend worse than this V Meanwhile the squire had carried the sad news, wMch on the — this festive sea son of all times— had descended upon the Hall, to C iptain Darrell. ' It isn't trne ; it can't be !' ejaculated the young sailor, indignantly, 4 1 will never believe it. My Florie, so pretty 80 graceful, the child of such parents ? Impossible. It's all a trumped-up tale. Put the miserable old woman in the stocks. Threaten her with the gaol, squire, and yon see she'll confess to it ' My dear boy it's no good to regard it in that light,' said the squire, 'the woman . has proofs, ones I fear we cannot though we may lay to gainsay. Jem Smithson was a bad fellow, why should his sister be better ?' 4 Yonr son thonght her so, squire, or he would never have taken her as a nurse to Florie,' remarked the young sailor. 4 Yes, and in his kindness of heart took pity on her widowhood,' 4 But look here, sqnire ; this Susan Welling died over six months ago. Why hasn't this wreched old hag come to yon sooner with her tale ? exclaimed Captain Darrell, halting in his pacing the room. ' Let her explain that.' She does, Robert Her heart has clang as firmly to her supposed grandchild aa ours to Florie. It has been difficult for -her to give her up, and she looks a gentle, handsome girl, but her.oath was given to her daughter. Be sides, she heard of your and Florie's ap proaching marriage, and felt she muBt speak before then.' Why ? demanded the young sailor, almost fiercely. ' The reason is evident, Bobert ; our poor Florie being of each low parentage ' Do yon think for a moment, squire, that will make any difference with me ? ' cried Captain Darrell, his handsome, honest face, flushing with indignation. ' I love my darling for herself, not her parentage.' 'I am sure of that, Robert, bnt there is Sir Morton to be considered.' ' My father will hear reason.' 'Then there is Florie herself Robert, she will never bring disgrace upon you.' Do you mean — do you intend— ejaculated Captain Darrell, Ms cheek losing colour. ' that Florie His voice failed. He quickly averted Ms face to conceal Ms emotion, but by the quiver of Ms frame, the squire saw how poignant was his suffering. 4 My poor, dear boy, bear it bravely,' said the old man, placing his hand kindly on the sailor's shoulder. 'That is Florie's request.' ' When may I see her I ' asked the captaiD, huskily. ' Not to-night. I do not think she will leave her room. But to-morrow— to-morrow,' and the squire Bighed, as he looked round at the festal decorations Florie had helped to arrange with so light and happy a heart 4 What a Christmas for all of ub 1 ' And when the hells clashed out at midnight, proclaiming the holy day, no three sadder hearts listened to them than those in Graybeech HalL That week,wMch had been intended to be so gay, was devoted to testing Janet Smithson'e proofs, which were unfortun ately substantiated. The squire, even Captain Darrell, was convinced Florie had indeed played the part of an usurper, unjustly holding Margaret Maythorpe's place. It shall make no difference, Florence,' said the squire. ' The Hall shall be yonr home.' ' No,' answered the girl, withqniet re solve, ' it would not do. I conld not bear it. Besides, were I to remain yon wonld never give that affection to yonr real granddaughter which is her right. Mar- garet has been the most cruelly wronged. Remember she is your eon's daughter, not L Indeed — indeed I must go.' 4 Indeed you shall not,' rejoined the old squire, resolutely Florie's severest trial was parting with Captain Darrell. No reasoning nor arguments she could use were able to move mm. 4 Florie,' he rejoined, and never had affection looked more etrougly out of Ms eyes, 4 it was you I loved, not yonr position. Do yon imagine yonr being this woman's grandchild makes any difference in your sweetness — in those charms that won my heart ? No, I love you now, darling, as well nay, better, far pity is blended with it. Of all women I have loved you alone ; and hear me, Florie, never trill I call other than yon wife.' 4 And yonr father, Robert ? You know he has withdrawn Ms consent,' she said mournfully. 4 Yes,' rejoined the captain, gloomily. 4 Of course he does not look on matters as I do. Bat my love, darling, shall over come his opposition ; for though you re fuse me now, I'll wait years, until my devotion shall win yon. But, Florie, you'll not refuse me ; you will not be tbe cause of such misery ? I could not bear it, dear — I conld not ! ' Tbe sight of Ms face, so precious to her — convulsed by sorrow— Ms eyes so full of ardent supplication — severely tested her resolve. She dreaded her own strength. ' Robert, dear Robert,' she murmured, 4 let us both be patient Let ub trust to time. I promise this — never will I wed other than you.' In his wretchedness this seemed a great concession to the young sailor. He caught her to Ms breast in a passion of gratitude, and Florie rested there, unable to deny herself this one little joy iu her grief, for she kuew it was the last time — that tMs was their parting for ever. Then ehe drew herself away, gave one fond, lingering gaze at tbe handsome face she was, she told herself, never to sea again ; murmured some words — she hardly knew what ; and leav ing Mm, hastened to the bouse, for they had been talking in the grounds. The next morning Florie's room was found vacant. She had fled away in secret, leaving no cine to her future dwelling. ' I thought it beat, kindest,' she wrote in the letters she left for the squire and Captain Darrell. "When time, the gentle healer, has accustomed as to the inevit able, we may meet again. If I be in need, or ill, be sure I will let you know.' 4 She is braver than us all,' remarked the squire, brushing the tears from his eyes. Youth can bear separation better than age.' , He little knew the poignant agony poor Florie had suffered, as, stealing away across the snow, through the chill, gray, unsympathetic wintery morning, «lip looked back at the dear old Hall die was leaving, to be her home no more. Ah, sweet Christmas bells, when jou ring so jubilantly forth wonld there no sad hearts amongst yonr listeners ! CHAPTER HI. the confession. I certainly may consider myself fortu nate.' The speaker was Florie, who sat at a small table drawn near the window which commanded an exquisite view of vales and woods, changing into the vivid antnmnal tints of reds, browns, and yellows beneath the breath of Sept ember. Two yeArs almost have elapsed since her flight from the Hall, and .though her expression ib that of -calm content) the girl's cheek has lost its freshness, her eyes their merry light hearted sparkle. During ttaw two years eta tat, by a means that defied her letters being traced, written to the squire even cheerful epistles, bidding him not worry abont her, as she was happier than he conld have hoped. It was true, for the calm peaceful ex istence with a Mrs. Graham, whose engagement as companion she had obtained, had suited her well. Mrs. Graham had been an amiable, gentle- honoured old lady, who intuitively divin, ibg her young companion had a sorrow had respected and in silence sympathized with it One morning, however, it was found that Mrs. Graham had passed quietly in her sleep to the better land, and Florie was out of an engagement. A week after, though, ehe had seen an ad vertisement in the Times, where a com panion was wanted for a young lady in delicate health, whose education had been neglected. Florie had written, and on this bright September morning the ans wer bad come, while she sat at breakfast, accepting her services, and Btating they wonld prepare far Miss Thome's imme diate arrival. Thome was the name Florie had taken — she had discarded Welling — first, because she was ashamed of it ; secondly, that Captain Darrell might he less able to trace her. Reading the letter, Florie had commented on her good fortune in not being a fortnight out of an engagement. Then, consulting 4 Bradehaw, ' packed up her trunks and Started for South View Villa, Torquay, where Mrs. Russell, with whom the youDg lady was staying, resided. Florie, on arriving, fonnd it a charm ingly pretty villa. ' Mr. Russell was a motherly, lady-like woman of sixty, who received Florie very kiodlv. and snoke with lowered voice of her young charge. ' She is very delicate, Miss Thorne — nay, she iB ill; far worse, I fear, than her friendB think. I will introduce you.' She led the way into the drawing-room, where the girl, attired in a muslin wrapper, lay on the conch by the win dow. Florie advanced, then stepped quickly back, as she exclaimed : 4 Margaret 1' ' Florence 1' and the girl, in surprise, rose on her elbow. For a moment there was a silence. Florie's pulses were beating fast There was a ringing in her ears ; then, with another backward step, she said, huskily : 4 1 never expected this — I never heard yonr name. It was never mentioned, or I would — I would have spared this pain to both.' 4 No pun, to me, Miss— Miss Thome,' ejacnlated the sick girl, eagerly. ' Oh 1 I am so glad to see you ! I have thought of yon so much. I .have wept for yon. Oh ! you are not going,' piteonsly, as Florie yet moved away. 4 You will not leave me V 4 Ho wean I remain ?' murmured Florie. ' You muBt understand — it is impossible.' 4 You are offended with me,' remarked the girl, humbly ; 4 yet it was not my fault, Miss Thome. Had it been in my power it should never have occurred. Riches have not brought me happiness. I am very — very ilL Take pity on me. Yes ; I seemed to have wronged you. Chance has brought us together — do not go. . If you remain it will be as if you forgive me, and I need everybody's for giveness. Will you not be my friend !' with a sadness that went to Florie's heart ; ' I have so few.' 4 Pray do not thwart her, whispered Mrs. Russell. 4 Do you not .see she is dying ?' Florie started, and glancing at the handsome, thin, delicate countenance, saw it might be trne. Riches have not brought her happiness. All her sympathy was aroused. Approaching, she took the slender, wasted hand in her own, and said : 4 Chance has strangely brought as to gether, and if you wish it, Margaret, I will remain — that is, if you promise not to makemybeinghere known to the squire nor — to anyone ?' 4 1 promise — I promise gladly !' ex claimed the girl. 4 How good you are ! They all said you were at Graybeech, and I believed it. I have so longed to know you — oh ! so much — and now I shall' Putting her arms round Florie's neck, she drew her down and kissed her soft, warm cheek. So Florie Thorne, as she designated herselfj became companion and nurse to her who had taken her place. At first there was a feeling of repugnance at the idea ; but it wore speedily away as she saw more of Margaret and knew her better. The sweet gentleness of the girl's dis position won her, as it had all who had come in contact with her ; while Florie felt this more as she remarked the real joy her presence gave the dying girl. Often as she Bat by the falling twilight, gazing out at the bay, she would forget her own suffering iu indignation agaiust Susan Welling for the harm she had done Margaret, who no doubt had contracted the chest disease of which she was dying in the wretched life of discomfort and privation she had in childhood led. So tbe weeks stole by, and Florie proved the tenderest and gentlest of nurses. Once the squire came down; but he had given notice of his coming. Thus Florie had time to absent herself, aud Mrs. Russell and Margaret kept her secret. It was not the sqnire she dreaded to see, but she had heard from her friend how Captain Darrell was still seeking her. It had been hoped that after three mouths Margaret might return to the Hall ; but the doctors forbade her re moval, aud she herself did not wish it, as then she would have lost Florie. One evening, as Florence was return ing from tbe beach, a gentleman, coming from an opposite direction, reached her as she had just passed through the gate. 4 I beg your pardon,' he said, 4 but does not Mrs. Russell reside here V Florie turned with a low, involnntary cry. The next moment strong, fond arms were aronnd her ; the words, uttered by the dear, familiar voice, sounded in her ear : 4 My darling, have I found yon at last — my own brave Flo ?' For a space she abandoned herself to that ardent embrace — her brain dazed ; then she strove to free herself. 4 Robert, let me go ; I pray yon to 1 ehe entreated. 'Never again, Florence ! As the miser Ms gold, I'll never let yon ont of my tight : he answered, 4 Do you live tare? Before she conld answer Mrs. Russell's voice called, sofdy : 4 Is that yon, Miss Thorne ? I am glad yon have returned. Our poor Mar garet, I fear, is worse to-night.' 4 Ah !' whispered Captain Darrell, with tinning eyes, 4 1 guess the troth. You are Margaret's companion.' 4 Yes,' ehe answered, too wonder-con fused to say more, and hastened to the house. The captain followed ; bnt in the sick-room — for such indeed the drawing- room was — words of love died on his lip, and he kept his joy at finding Flo in his heart. 4 Ah! Florie,' whispered Margaret, when a little better— ehe heard how they had unexpectedly met—' it is the hand of fiat e. Surely you will wed him now ?' No ! rejoined Florie, quietly but firmly. 4 Yon do not understand, dear Margaret. I conld briog but disgrace to Mm in the world's eyes. His father would be at enmity with his son. It can - never be.' As firm was she when, at his earnest request she walked alone with Captain Darrell on the moonlight beach by the murmuring sea. 4 Florie will yon drive me mad?' he cried, in his sorrow. 4 Have yon no com passion ? I never before believed you sel fish ; yet you give no thought to me.' 4 Ah! Robert, I am not that. It is because I do think of you— that I would not bring ruin on you 1' 4 And, Florie, a little pride too.' 4 1 own it I cannot enter a family where I should be regarded as a disgrace,' she remarked, as ehe moved to leave the beach. 4 Florence,' he said, earnestly, as he followed, 4 my darling, I will win yon yet.' Had Florie contemplated flight again she would not have had the heart to leave Margaret, who so clang to her — more and more aB the end approached, and it was very near indeed now. Deoember had arrived, when the girl grew restless and expressed a longing to get back to the Hall ; but only if Florence accompanied her. Florie could not refuse ; so one bright, clear day, when the bay was flashing almost as if under a summer sun, the little party started for home under Cap tain Darrell'a escort Florie's feelings on ' returning to the dear old Hall, and beiog once more in the squire's embrace, were beyond description. She had to hasten to her room— her own old one — where she fonnd relief in a hearty cry. Though it was, she told her self bat a transient coining back, it made her very happy. Christmas came and to pleasure Mar garet, who was sinking fast— fast— the Hall was decorated as on that time of her arrival ; while on ChriBtmas-eve her couch was moved by tbe blazing log- ire in the Hall, that she might see and speak to the carol-aiugers when they came. They were all gathered abont her, when one of the heavy leaves of the great door, which was not fastened, was pushed wide, and an old, bent woman, snow flecking her shabby attire, staggered feebly in and peered wildly around her ; then, with a cry that rose and died away among the oaken rafters, ehe rushed for- and fell by Margaret's couch — one withered arm thrown about her. My child — my darling 1 she cried, could I not save you ? Oh ! must yon fade away and leave me after all I have done ?' 4 Woman,' said the squire, sternly not ing the change on Margaret's face, 4 this is no place for yon ! You have done harm eoongh — go ! 4 What !' cried Janet Smithson, wildly, as he put Ms hand on her shoulder. 4 Would you separate me from my child — my dying child P 4 Yon are mistaken,' whispered Florie gently to her. 4 Come with me mother. 4 Mother ! You are no child of mine f ejaculated the old woman, fiercely. 4 It was all false that I said 1 I have sinned ; but it was to save her — my darling! The doctors told me ehe could not live with out comforts and luxuries I could not give ; and I brooded, and brooded nntil Susan died ; and the idea came to me to write that letter, and say it was her con fession. But this Is my Susan's child- no other. Do with me what you please. I am old, but can bear it. Only you shall not take her — my darling — from me 1' She flung herself on the sick girl, kiss ing her dress, her hands. Captain Darrell stepped quickly for ward and bent over the two. 4 Hush !' he said, gravely, as he arose. 4 She has gone from us all !' At that moment the sweet voices of the carol children arose outside, and the Hall was filled with music. The bells rang with hearty goodwill by the ringers, for already the news from the Hall has reached the village, and the known handsome largess will come from the squire. The bells send their clear, vibrant notes over the snow, heralding in Christmas. On the terrace Florie stands listening to them, muffled in a fur cloak, that Captain Darrell finds it necessary to hold aronnd her, for he says the night is very cMU. 4 My happiness has come so suddenly, ' he whispers, 4 that I conld almost- deem it unreal, my Flo !' 4 It is the greater, Robertdear, and the pnrer,' she rejoins, 4 for the trial through which we both have passed.' 'That's trne ; and, love,' he smiles, we mast have no more odonrs of violets out of season !' 4 Oh, no — pray heaven, no 1' she ex claimed, fervently, nestling closer to Mm. And the prayer floated upwards with the Christmas bells to the stare— and was granted. 