#IissPomei*oy as 'Hamlet.' The announcement that Miss Pomeroy was to ap pear as Hamlet had created considerable interest, the more bo as it was intimated that the lady had assumed tho part elsewhere with groat success. Last night hor Sydney admirers were afforded an opportunity of judging aa to how far she was warranted in attempt ing such a a tour de force as the impersonation by a woman of the many-sided and com plex character of the Danish Prince involves. Those who expected a treat were certainly not dis appointed, and Miss Pomeroy may be congratulated on having presented what was really a most careful and intelligent study of Hamlet. With a few exceptions . the traditional business was followed, but so much of genuine dramatic in sight was exhibited by the actress that it lifted the pejforaisnco quite above the conven tional level, and g-ye to the part which Bhe essayed that distinct individuality and that vividness which — to borrow an illustration from a kindred art — -lis-, tingnisheB an original picture from a copy. Nothing' indeed that she has hitherto done in this city has exhibited the range and versatility of Miss Pomeroy's^ talents to more advantage than did the effort ia question. That she should look a most cracefnl and picturesque Hamlet was, of course, taken for granted, but that she should so thoroughly' identify herself with that creation, was evidently something in the nature of a very agreeable surprise to not a few of the audience at the Gaiety. Miss Pomeroy was, perhaps, most effective in the earlier scenes of tho play, thongh from firet to last Bhe ; ri vetted the attention of the spectators ; and, judging from the repeated bursts of applause' witb which she was greeted, - there was, wei should imagine, but one opinion as to the; merits of the performance as a whole. It was not an ideal Hamlet, it is true, and it was not, possible that it could be so ; but it was a delineation; ; of the melancholy Dane which throughout had1 decidedly something inoro'tiian adventitious qualities ' of voice and figure io recommend it. In a word it! displayed intellectual power of no ordinary kjnd, and! Miss Pomeroy has good reason to consider that ehe has ; thereby added & fieehchaplet to her histrionic lantete. i In the' delivery of the soliloquies she was very happy, I particularly in the famous one on suicide. In taatf , passage in which Hamlet -describes hia own melon-! cboly, Mise Pomeroy' b elocution was extremely! effective, and in no instance did she seem to o'erstep j the modesty of nature. The interview with the: ghost was most impressive, and at the con-: elusion of the following scene where Hamlet: swears his companions to Beorecy, a novel and-, somewhat striking effect was produced, by tho reap- ; pearanceof the royal shade ot Denmark. It is one which, however, it may be remarked, has no warrant' from the text, and may be regarded as a purely melo-i dramatio innovation. Miss Pomeroy was tolerably: well supported. The Ophelia of Miss BaaeJennyns/ though much wanting in finish, -was at any rate' fall of promise, and the pathos displayed in the mad scene won lor tho young actress tiie honour of a call before -the enr tain. By the way it may be observed that this cus- ? torn of re-calling artiste after ouch scenes-^as that an which the distraught Ophelia figures is in wretched taste. Ii qniie destroys the illusion, and it would be troll if audiences could beinduoed to reserve each de monstrations of their approwtl for a. more appro- j priate time and place. Tho Ghost ?vtagi sustained by Mr. W. J. HoUoway, 'wSj! imparted Variety to his role by appearing1) in the closet scene invested with his royal robes,; and presenting a rather striking resemblance to aq enlarged picture ot tho King of ^Diamonds. Inothe»i respects tt mast be Admitted that Mr. HolWay's assumption neither lacked Impresedvanees nor dignity. ' Mr. Arthur Elliott !&*£« » good Laertes. The ! Polonies of JO*. LaohlftB M*Gowan was of more thaa average excellence, and the remainder of tiie cast, though calling for so special mention, may be de scribed as fairly efficient. Miss Pomeroy 'will play 'Hamlet' again to-oight, and to-jnorrow night it will b« enacted for the last tone this season. She -will no doubt xeoeire that patronage which she eo mil deswTM from oil lorsca of Ihs Shskwearfen drama, — r 