Death of & tibdy-s . / Asmyaterioas affair occurred at Sym* culfe, in (he United States, the other day. Dr. Hervey Kendall, a well-known physician of that city, was found early in the morning of the 18th May lying in a meadow: adjacept'Jp ihe.bprlal ground of the poor-house with a ballet hole in the centre of his forehead.' Near his body were lying (wo shovels and afc&tchel.; , Under hisleft leg was lying a revolver/all siYibham ben had been recently fired off. He was still alive when discovered, ppd was taken to the County Buildings! when, oh di vesting him of his outer wraps, a belt with two'pistol holsters was found buckled round his waist. One of the holsters was empty, but the other con tained a revolver fully charged, with the eic&i;^tion of one cartridge. In the satchel «tras'Tdnndfrill 'kit of tools used by resurrectionists-consisting of a daft lantern, a cart-hook, a brace and bit, a key-hole saw, a bowie knife, a piece of rope, and bottle of whisky. He dibd on the following day, but al though it time, conscious before his death, made no revelation of the mystery. There is no doubt, however, that when he met his death he was preparing to rob a grave in the ceme tery ; for on the previdus evening Dr. Krutz, of Saracuse, called on him, and was surprised to. find him in rough suit i of clothes, with all his body-snatching implements piled ready for use. In explanation, he informed Dr. Erutz, that he was going that night to get what he playfully termed a '' bob," Dr. Kendall had long been known as a professional grave-digger. Several cemetrlfis' h&te; been repeatedly de spoiled by him. He wis in the Jmbit of taking large doses of morphine. Some persons supposed that under the influence of that drug he destroyed himself 011 seeing, .orimagining, that he saw n ghost. Others field the theory that he «vas shot by an organised band of avengers who were determined to put a stop to his grave robbing pro ceedings. He had a large practice, but is not likely 10 be be regretted by his patients. 