EVERT mail who is loyal to the Queen and the integrity of the empire will do a his best to be at the meeting In the o Alfred Hall this evening, to assist in pf the business to be there and then discussed. That business is " to protest i against the manifesto recently sent to t the Lord Mayor of Dublin/' and the c protest is to be made as against S treasonable expressions, obvious and pp shameless expressions, and supported by the fact of the signatories not dis owning the manifesto to which they have set their hands. We call on every loyal man to do his duty at this juncture, because it is not a question of either creed or political party, but one of simple allegiance to the Queen and the integrity of the empire. We earnestly hope that this, which is the only true aspect of the question on the loyal side, will be borne in mind by the speakers at the meeting, as well as by the men who will rally round thefa on this occasion. There has been enough now of Irish disloyalty of the GRATTAN manifesto stamp, and the sooner loyal folk here make it known that seditious language will not be tolerated in the mouths of any members of the Victorian Legislature, the sooner such outrages upon our common fame and our common allegiance will be put a stop to. What men may desire we cannot help, nor is it open to ns to track the traitor to his fireside, and hunt him.in his social intimacies. If he raves sedition over his whisky, or his milder liquors, in his own or anybody else's private rooms, he is safe from our notice; but when he calls himself a member of Parliament, and puts his name to a document rife with patent disloyalty and 1 sedition, then he challenges public notice, and merits public swift and unequivocal judgment This is the aspect of the business which is to be dealt with at the Alfred Hall to-night, a business so important to our unity and peace as British subjects, so important as a method of assuring the world of Britain, both the greater and the less, that we are loyal to the British connection, that it is eveiy loyal man's duty to support the protest which the meeting is convene! to make, and so to have the protest made emphatic. No mere gloss of Jesuitical apology or explanation of the GRATTAN document will suffice with men with heads on their shoulders if their hearts "be loyal to the empire of which it is our pride to be a part. When public men—members of our Legislature—sign a pappr which calls the Queen's Government q "foreign despotism," which demand^ that the Irish portion of the United Kingdom shall be made into an " independent nation," and which does not condemn the cowardly and atrocious assassinations which have disgraced the Irish people during the current agrarian disturbances, bnt sympathises with, and, inferentially, applauds the outrages, it is no time for mealy mouths or bated words. The time has come for unmistakable Bcorn and denunciation of snch _ politicians as those who ignore midnight murders, murders of innocent women as well as men, of children as well aa men and women—the time has come to assure the world, but most of all the Australian world, that those who appear to sympathise with plotters against the Queen's Government and the integrity of the Empire will not .escape the political punishment which it is in the ppwer of a loyal constituency to inflict. Ballarat has" been to the fore in many a fight "for the welfare of the State, and, we bust) it will be to the fore now. Ballarat men have many a time shown how victory was to be won in (he interests of the common freedom and the widening of Liberal progress, and they have as zealously- shown that they were leal and true to the fatherland and tp the consolidation of the empire, so' we count on them. to declare. on this' occasion with so uncertain sound that men who sign and hold to sucb-a paper'as that issued by the GRATTAN Ceatenaiy Comt o p h i a f a t of t b i o b mittee are unfit to be entrusted with the political confidence o£ loyal British subjects. The verdict to-night most be emphatic. Hie men of Ballarat are too hard-headed to be misled by-the lip4oyalty which plots whilst it pleads " no harm," and which not only pats its hand to treason, but refuses to acknowlege that it is treason, and whines about "loyalty" as a thing compatible with snch a eeditious hash of "n to quote Mr FRANCIS' phrase—as of the infamous GRATTAH manifesto of the 'Victorian committee. Why, GRAT- TAN himself would have loathed the : •edition thus breathed in'Ius dishonor: l"tut £he ladicrooBness of the composa-' tit v of the manifesto" does no^ nnfor? innVtely, abate the virulence of its Bedi nor ita very "ubiquitous" logic succeed in making'Uack white, nor do the vapid protests of the signatories a Tail them in face of their adhesion to'^its treasonable declarations," Tbe manifesto speaks for itaelf. Its b qpaecli is sedition; itsaqiporten are « jKditwua, nc* loyal; -and the^erdiotof tins meeting toiightinnst ijio jgjeak ? for itaeif; ia t'erms that nobody *ball be »ble to s&vndaMpttd.; The vardict nrastbeone «•< ampmiitfed detegtg- f w b M l ion of GRATTAN msnifrsta -politica, and f determined resolve to all GRAT- AN manifesto politicians to the saier bscurity of private iife. o persons not wi'Am a stone's throw of the political krena in Melbourne, the way things are proceeding there is exceedingly mysterious and be soldering. Up to a day or two ago, the Conservative press of the metropolis, which was generally supposed to lie in frequent and confidential communication with both the Government and the leaders of the Conservative party, was— coupled .with the Conservative aid in «3ie Assembly—persistently declaiming against the Opposition for inovii>3^motions for the adjournment of the Houses to ventilate substantial matters, and objecting to these foiwd discussions, on the .ground that they prevented tbe Government from going on with the usual business of thecountry. Ftom these journalistic and vocal outpourings it was inferred by people at a distance like onqselves. that the Ministerialists and Conservatives were still the united and happy family that they were when Mr MURRAY SMITH- started on his voyage to London, or when Mr FRANCIS pulled the Government safely through the disloyaladdressdisturbanee. No sooner, however, does the Opposition show a desire to lay aside outside questions, and go more into the straight work, so to speak, of the session, than up springs Mr FRANCIS with a no-confidence motion, based upon what he and his - friends regard as He n certain weaknesses in the Budget. objects to the tea doty being removed, to the inter-pcstal fee being reduced, nd to the beer dnty bong cot down ne-half, and" takes np Mr BERRY'S arable that the Treasurer has "inlated" his estimates, the better toshow n his (Mr FRAXCIS') opinion why all hese means of revenue should be ontinued. Therefore he counsels ir BRYAN O'LOGSILES toabandon these ortions of his Budget, and cites recedents from English • text-books, I pDp i t e showing that, according to Mr FRANCIS* opinion, he (Sir BRYAN) can do this, without acting in" any way either derogatory or damaging to his Ministerial office; although Mr F&AKCIS;, levels a sort of double-barrelled motion of no- confidence at the Premier's head while tendering this advice and putting these precedents forward. That confusion in the minds of.persons outside the political arena in Melbourne is made more confoanded by such devices, or contradictory developments, rieedsno tax upon one's command of language or arguments to show. They speak* for themselves, and prove either that there has never been that blissful interchange of confidence between the Ministry, the Conservatives, and the Ministerial press in Melbourne, which the public has been t&ught; to believe, or that the Conservatives and the Melbourne Conservative press have been playing a game of duplicity towards the Ministry throughout, making a pretence on the surface to be its friend, bnt behind the scenes plotting/and scheming to get it out of office at a favorable time, BO that the road can be cleared for the advent into office of its own party. When the Budget was first brought down we pointed out that the beer duty and the inter-postal fee should not he reduced, although favorable to the abandonment of the duty on tea, showing by facts and wholesome inferences that it was quite a mistake to take for granted that the condition of- the colony in the next financial year would be as prosperous as the present one has been, and that, therefore, there was good reason "to believe that the estimates had been over-calculated by the Treasurer, whose temperament iB too sanguine for the position he fills. We pointed out that the duty on tea might be removed, without danger, as the Treasury was so fiush but that making fie other two remissions would be almost sure to land the Treasurer, at th« ead of next year, in a deficit.. Barring the attack upon the removal of the duty on tea, we have, therefore, not a won! to say against Mr FRANCO 1 condemnation of the Budget; all that he urged in this respect being unquestionably sound and replete with prudence and wisdom. But how are we to understand a matter of this feortbeing made-the baas of a no-confidence motion bom "the Conservative quarter, when, if friendly disposed, there was a much safer mode, so far as the Ministry was concerned, which cou)d have been adopted. The changes required could either have been brought about by private advice and quietpressure,in which case the Ministry! could have announced the change of policy in the House without its position being in the least degree weakened. Or, the Budget could have been allowed to pass into committee of ways and heir right to vote against the remission f the duties and fee, when bills for the urpose were tabled. This course also would have saved the Ministry from the - umiliation which would necessarily be nvolved in giving way before what mounts to a motion of no-confidence, or the precedents cited by Mr FRAHCIB re not worth the paper upon which hey are printed. Mosrttf them are so ld as tojhave been superseded by new orms .of practice; while the rest of hem do not Apply to the present: case, ecause the changes were made either n deference to popular prejudice withut, or when the Budget speech had een accepted,, and the detaSs «lofae t were being dealt with. If a. conditions of these kind* prevail no w ; and, therefore, the Ministry caanot jroede as de-' sired, since to dp anything of the land would be |» eat no end of pdidai xliit and to invite general oontempt an& derision. Hence Mr FRANCIS' motion must be regarded as one of direct hostility -to the <3t>VEnunentv~Engared over with apparently friendly advic^, but meaning something. quite this reverse to what hss etatements, ,«uper fictally regarded,wwdd lead those who' dorft look below tlra jmrfaoe of things to b^ve is lis intention. Our own' opinion of MT FRASCIS' nlove ta that the niiAe was lsd long since, even when • ^"SEBKT'S amendment <m the Go vereor'a address was being discussed; but it ?rMr«M~ -aeeiaed judfiions to epmig '"itSfflSv - : *s MSSt^SSti 3 Ifim buaedfefrBEi^K It was kept hack Norths «ow to*** the right pf tha JCnaUy^w ^rhea shbt borne, the C b m r n tires coald find their wp?into office. 3tero »re cropping up ma*t:*>ait further ore %rititK too ^bOefy J a the « a rosUo^&A; T w i o S a J j - «*in. « eanwhile, the Government t ias accepted Mr A*caf notion a* T tme of a direct no-confidtnee charaoter; and it is Impossible to see how it could, with any regard for decenoy, put any other complexion apanit* This, however, is plain alxwe «U the present mist The Conservative press and the Conservative party have kept the Government at araTs length all -through the pieca, when they w«re making the public believe that "there was perfect unanimity betvtvn then, or they have baea playing a double game, or a very tr&cherous; part towards the Ministry. One of these two conditions must be* the casei, or the country would never have heard of Mr FRANCIS* nocoafidenc? motion. Tns question which Mr BERRY originally, and Mr Dow and Mr DKAKIS since-, have raised with reference to the Reform Act is one of considerable importance, and it is pitiful to see that the Government did not riVe to the necessity of the occasion, when the matter was further ventilated in the Assembly on Wednesday last. The point is that all licensees of land are excluded from being registered as voters for the Council, no matter up to what amount they are municipally rated; and this point is founded upon an opinion which Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEK has given on the subject The Attorney-General has ruled that " licensees are not entitled to be enrolled on the roll of ratepaying electors," because "their interest is not either of a lessee, assignee, or occupying tenant." Four qualifications in this respect are created by the Act, owner, lessee, assignee, or occupying tenant; and it is contended by Sir BRYAN that licensees do not come und< r either of these definitions. It s a nice point, no doubt, as licensees an annual rent to the Lands Department which goes as part of the purchase money, while they are rated n common with all others in city, own, borough, or shire, and the infernce, therefore, would be-that they would have the privilege of voting; Bnt Sir BRYAN says they have not this privilege, as they are not tenants, bnt simply licensees until the lease has been issued; and, being a good lawyer, whatever maybe his "other faults or omissions, much deference mnBt be. yielded to his opinion. At all events, this seems to be the feeling of the Opposition in the House; and it is no woiider, therefore, that they Bhonld have taken alarm at the state of things shown, and pressed the Government hard to rectify the error. For there will be 23,000 licensees kept off the sew rolls by Sir BRYAN'S rnling, rinCe all the registrars have been instructed to comply with its terms; and as these 23,000 persons are rated above ^'£,25 a* year, their omission will involve considerable injustice and hardship. The Liberals of the House pressed Sir - BRYAN to remove this disqualification or doubt by including a provision in the validating bill now before Parliament; but this Sir BRYAN refused to do, on the ground that it would be re-opening thereformquestion; and here it was that the Government failed to meet the nrgeney or necessity of the occasion. The Premier should immediately have adopted the advice given to him, not only to remove a difficulty which has arisen by an oversight when drafting the Reform Act, but also because, in the estimate made of the number of electors that would be on the new rolls, when the bill was being discussed by Parliament, all these 23,000 licensees were included. Their omission, therefore, is contrary to what Parliament desired; and this being the case, the Premier had only to make a move to get the wrong, which has arisen through a simple clerical error, righted. For while the Assembly would have agreed at once to a provision of this sort, the Council would just as readily have assented to it, as whatever may be the faults of that House, going back upon itself, or repudiating what it has undertaken to do, is not to be numbered among its weaknesses. The difficulty is to be met now—although, owing to the short time there is, the start should have been made in the Council by the Opposition in the Assembly moving that the required provision be inserted' in the vididating 'bill which has been received from, the Council, and in that shape the bill to be returned to that House! The end desired may Jbe achieved in this way; although thrtooliticsl crisis may stand in the way of this bong accomplished. Bat the refnsal of the Government to take the initiative is none the less deserving of blame, for it is one of ' cases in which the Government should have felt a pleasure in acting. The exclusion of the licensees - has arisen from a mistake; and, therefore, the Government should have been the first to get the error corrected. The Government has determined to regard Vr Francis' motion, as contained in oar report yesterday morning, as me*f no-ooofidence. Sir Biyan stated this omdiintbeAssemblylaatnight, and,inaccorda&oe; with the tfsaal pnetioe, the Honae at otice adjourned till next Tdeaday. M •Scnlare of the political situation will be id publiahed in another jrfnnm, . Yesterday'e —"A.csncos of members following the lead of Mr Francis took place in tbe early jnrt of Wednesday e vening. There were about "twenty "member* present and they unanimously agreed to sepport Mr Francis ia his amendment opposing the ceauanoaof ta*ce propoeecLby the Govern g meat" s The public meeting to protest against the h mnaUt and sedition* manifesto signed i e by Sara Bropby, DoJ^.'^Doobey^and Co., will be held in the Alfred Hall this evening, at idgfct o'clock,, and -tima will-without test decided mitS emphatic. 'The mayonof Hie City, Mr Jt-NoUe Wilson, ia : ' •* and the epeakera are tbe'-Bona.' Berry, Uajor]3atTth, aiid & Richardson, with Messrs J. Jainea, D. i(. I>anes, AT Yi Kelly, James RasaeH, and R. T. Tale. A yosDg man named- James J&„. employ^ at Uinni'i agricnltiitml implement taotory at Alfred bos, faadyeaterday*narrow -escape Eton* fri&htfnl; deaft -Ke^weat to place the leathern belt connecting; «ome machinery onr a wheel Wiule the inachmeiy was in motioa. The leathern apnm he «n wearing caught under the beUj aadltewas, ic the revolution of the whee], carried off hie &et; ronnd with tbe wind, and thrown violently to the grand. In his inrciimtary flight he came in contact with uveal objects' and sustained , seven bruises aa a cooaegniEsce. One of bia arms waa very eeverely warned, and "he was braised about the cheat, wl* all thing* considered, he escaped very ightly. /He waa promptly conveyed to the Hospital, whare hia harts received the antpcal attention they rcqtfred. The Government authorities are Very ATFCOST REGARD IN^. THE PAYMC9T.HYTTTNSLA OF;b dne for th* . maintenance of their ........mi ia the industrial',at&oola.; At yeatariay'a TWra Owrt the ckat «C aiaainns for Ballarat Eaat proceeded asafaiat tnan taMwd 'SteiryAnarrwa fir ta&Bn;* ant otiS for hi. M ia the i^nSjil . ...... taeadedjoverty,___ ekadootvanedltpeinv&tteaSlS; OIHH;^ tot •flirftW thatiw flSS#j(8B t by HK eale of a bouse a lew mootba tince. He alleged that bis Ma waa seveuteea years of age (which tbe cletk denied), and told tbe bench that In was worth* lSe a w A to him The lad waa originally committed for two years, Imt was te- oteunitted for a farther period «t t*o years. Tbe ease appeared to be -rather a hard for Andrew*, who would much rathe* have the custody et his own «Jiil<5t, and then, instead of loss by him he would cira his own living aad ooRk Tbe bco(i ordered a distress warrant to t»tt«, aad if Andrewc hat any prufvirty, it will be told in payment of the We mw Sufonawt yesterday that Mr wht«« ease referred to in oar Thursdayissue, bad improxicd a little, bat his W»VH* I*. sevtwideu, cMnrwhat doubUul. Mr Pttaj; matt hav« KM>V«1 a •evwre shock to his aptom OA th« CKX^MOO of the c^Uttioo ia which h« waa unfortaoate enough to' shans a; he ltcsia a ver}' weak state, Tb«re would indeed MM to be a GREAT deal of traffic iu the various street* throosh* out the eity, it require* but one wet day to caw* the roads to twoome in such a rottddjstate that in raauy ylaoea pedectriMM eau only cross from one tide to the other with ditbcolty. Oa Wedu«a(tay and aim yesterday the roads presented a very objectionable appearance, the elush in some places being nearly six inches deep, notwithstanding that the streets were in fine order on Tuesday last when run aat in. Tbe eon juror Pinch teoomtneoded the possessed " Antipholos of Ephesas and his attendant Droutio to he bound and laid in e dark room. The notoriously wronged voUo was laid iu a dark room to cure him of hit supposed madness. That was long ago the practice for the cure of the insane, but until lately much the same treatment befell any unfortunate Idnatic put in the "lunacy cells" at the City loci-un. It is satisfactory to note that total darkness it not to be inflicted upon the unfortunates kept there temporarily is future. A gas jet, backed by a powerful reflector, throw* log light into each cell has recently been put up, and now the cells can be lit np ao as to look something less dismal and cheerless than they did before. Mr J. W. Gray appeared to be slightly better yesterday. Notwithstanding that he was in a precarious condition on Wednesday he slept very well during the night, and thb would probably account for his improvement. • Un Oonrqy, the wife of the man of that name who is charged with bigamy, gave birth to a son in the Ballarat Hospital {where she has been lying for some time, ill of a painful complaint) a few days ago. The infant only lived for three days, and- the mother is qpw in a very low state. Some little surprise was caused amongst the members of the Sebastopol Council when they were made aware of the fact that Councillor Thomas H. Gray had tendered his resignation. Councillor Gray, who was mayor of the borough last year, has, it appears, lost the necessary qualification entitling htm to remain at the council table, and he accordingly forwarded bis resignation,' which was received at the meeting of the council last night. The foreigner James Pietro waa yesterday considered insane by two medical practitioners, and his removal was ordered to the; Ararat Asylum. William Clarke, the driver of the tilbury which collided with a cab a few nighta-since in front of the town hall, Sebastopol, causing injury to some passengers in the latter, was proceeded against at the Sebastopol Police Court yesterday, for having driven** vehicle after dark without lights attached thereto. Evidence was given to the cffect that on the night in question the defendant, whilst driving his vehicle through Sebastopol, collided with a carryall, causing some of the occupants to be thrown out on to the road. The defendant had no lights, and consequently the driver of the latter vehicle could not see him approaching. A fine of 9s, with IOs costs, was imposed. A claim in Ballarat. Eist is said to be haunted. Ao apparition, in figure & man, and in antics a mischievous school-boy, has from time to time visited this claim at midnight, variously, during the past two or three years, and entertained the men ou tbe premises at the time of its visits by means of a brisk bombardment with rocks, and its own sudden aud mysterious disappearance whenever chased. The men did not at first take much notice of these visits, but the manner in which the visitor eludes discovery or capture has been too much for their equanimity. The wizard bomhardierdoes not, liketheperinrbed spirit of Hamlet's father, walk the nig&t; with regularity and seem inclined to speak, bat comes irregularly and heaves 8tones, and has not yet been encountered by the men who would like to just get thei^hande on it once. The miners have chased it often, but at the moment they are overtaking it, it sud denly disappears until some of them begin to think that it is the devil himself thatis worrying them so. Theireagerpnrsuitafter this willo'-the-wisp has resulted in their catching the wrong man more lhan once, only discovering the lubtake in time for the captive tp escape a belaboring. It is an exhilarating right to see half a dozen men scampering over the mullock heaps round the claim, yelling, and in wrathful exclamations, wishing the visitor where the wraith of the Prince of Denmark's papa passed bis days according to his own most veracious time-table for daily and nightly occupation. It must be a joyous time for the Ballarat East ghost, seeing it so far has escaped any penalty, bat if this meets its eye it will do well to take a bit of advice —keep out of tile way of the miners as carefully aa of yore. If they fairly get the spirit once it will be snrer^gniaable by its own family circle for some time afterwards—or their magnanimity will be memorable. " An old man, named Kelly, was admitted into the Hospital yesterday, suffering Cram severe burns ou one of his hands, caused by his falling into the fire at his house in Lyons street the previous evening. Kelly vest bo steep by the fire, and fell forwud into with the unfortunate result intimated. Mr Le Capclaine, inspector to the Central Board of Health, visited Ballarat yesterday morning, for the tmpuae of making a sanitary inspection of work-rooms, public halls, &C;, with the view of suggesting any improvements which might be required in the interest of the public. In company with the mayor and town clerk of Ballarat Kast, Sergeant M'Parland (health inspector). Councillor Fo^ gusou (as repnaentativeof the board ofhealth), and Mr Morris (clerk of works), visits were paid to several of the largest dressmaking work rooms, to.the public halls, Sunday school rooms, tax, and the Orphan Asylum. Con' aiderable time was occupied in examining the latter institution. On the whole, all the rooms were found in a very satisfactory state, and with the exception of one great drawback—rnward instead of outward opening doors in the halls—very little was found wanting. -It is intended to have the doors altered, and the paBlic balls registered. Mr Le Capclaine expressed bis surprise at the reat advancement that had been made in anitaty arrangements in Ballarat Bast since " is last visit. He will either continue bis nspection in Ballarat East to-day, or xamine the buildings in Ballarat West. Mr LeGapeUIno ia aa officer of great practical experience, and his visit should be prodaetive bf great good to Ballarat., A .Me .G&nfie; Kyme, at the Town Police Court yesterday, made.; a. 'complaint of yjigani£tConaiabla&ede;,who- Bnmtnoned him for «baence of tight* on hia vehicle. Kyme said hebad heen treated in a if be wen a <iog. Constable Hede, who is usually a oaurteoas_ member of the force,. Kyme, and aaid that the latter tried to »w»y- Sergeant M'Parland moke highly of Constable Hcde ae a .tnember of the fores, and reminded the b^ndi that the <" a mere statement^ and'was not— oath. The beach told Kyme that nothing to do with any incivility, aud a complaint <wght ta be lodged with Hede's superior officer. Kyme waa fined la and Ss Gd cost*. The eldest eon of Mr jBfcaaklin, the wellknown manager at Mr K. Bowlaada' (late Bowlands ami Lewis) jsoda water factory, is leavmg^Ballarat^for^ Melbourne, to aanime tbe position of manaser of tin banch there, * t -.f a J* rfy ^ man carries irtfli him to his new spWof duty the good «u9m of all who ham known bhn «»« ^pressed wishes made for n jgoodtdrtuns be any om taMMrl&tjawill; hare a .At tbs Sphistapol CoouS meeting to . Conncato* Jfflawnrtb ^vToottoe be pnsnt faint ngdatkus andiarae its own in future." Mayor Leckie broocht the matter under the tooUce of tbe eouttcir by informing it that the rvvenne derived from the issuing of IMWM for hackney and other carriages was not ttca^y as lawe aa it should be, and be was of opinioa Bat this was owing to the Htmt joint lenhtiwi botwecu tbe coanal and the council* mentioned, under which those lietam w»r« taken oat Re thought those iwilttwn were astiiM> factory to the CMMS, and that the Utter should, therefore withdraw from then*. A neetiuet tknt MMWI ia favor of a weekly baiAteltday was held at the Ctttb hotel, CtaMS, tta Wednesday night, Mc Urooke, draper, was voted to the chair. There a lar£« attcotiaaee of {*«<»«* ten*ted in the movement, both aud empleyj*, aad DMI the MCWHK pert, that was Hwiwd from the etop^tn, it it ittorv than likely that !««»y «e«tt h»?e eUpted, the halt-holidsy will Ue com* a in*t>tuti\<e in Ctuiie*. An empl«y<«' half- holiday eowwittee ed vtNM dutka are to ealwt the »ymp«Uv>' of the nublie ia the movetneut. Tl>Vj' will ahortly make a eanvata of the town and io due time meet their emnleyen, when both side* of the queatioa will bedi*e«>«ed. Frv«( the resolate maimer ia which the committee h» »«t to uwt, the Toovemmt will probably be a complete N«XH. We otoerre that Mr* Mareua Clarke is making a theatrical tour through the colonies with a very excellent and select company of artists, and will shortly visit Ballarat, where we are sure she will meet with a very warm welcome, A» the popular Misa Marion Punu. Mrs Clarke will be remembered by many old local theatre-goers as being anociatad with some of the test companies of bygone day* which ever visited Ballarat; and from the talented troupe already billed, who accompany her, there can be hardly any doubt of the success of her tour. The inncipals include Messrs George Leopold, ohu G. Joyce, K. D. Haygarth, &. P. Whitworth, a Russell; and Mrs Walter Hill aad Mias Ekema Bran ton, all favorably knownHhroacbont the colonies as actors of acknowledged merit; and amongst other playa whiA will be performed on their tour will be *' A Lesson in Love," and " Forbidden Fruit," written by till late Marcus Clarke. Recommendations hare been made to the Police Department for the festablUhmeut of a police station at Allanilale, in accordance with the wishes of .the residents. Mr Superintendent Sadleir has made enquiries into the matter, and, having endorsed the recommendations, a constable will be stationed in the township as soon as quarters for his reception have been obtained. We understand- that the opening night of £el]art the magician, ia definitely, fixed for Tuesday, 27th June, at the Mechanics' Institute, Start street. The ad jonmed meeting of the hairdressers' employes was held last evening. Several employers were present, and expressed their approval at the idea et a half- holiday. It was agreed to adjourn until next Tuesday evening, to allow of the remaining employes attending.' The ordinary monthly meeting of the committee of the Ballarat Agricultural and Pastoral Society will be held at .Craig's hotel next Saturday, at eleven o'clock a.m.» To consider notice on motion by Mr Scott re appointment of professional and ^paid judges for agricultural shows. To nominate judges and oteer matters connecte^therewith; and to consider applications (if any euch are made) for tbe granting of a sum of money to lozal ploughing matches, ou the usual conditions. ; A cablegram in yesterday's Argas says that ffanlan, the great sculler, who has betn en Bering from a severe attack of fever, is now recovering. The " blowing" about the Lauds Department having of late killed off nearly all the rabbits in the colony, was evidently indulged in too soon. Yesterday's Geelong Advertiser says :—" It is stated on very good authority that the rabbits in the Stony Rises are quite as numerous at the present time as tbey were last year. Every effort was reported to have been made in poisoning and trapping the rabbits, but yet they have been increasing at a wonderful rate. The Colac Meat Preserving Company have been vigorously carrying ou operations at their works during the past few weekB. It has been reported that in the eleven weeks ending tbe 30th ultimo the company has purchased 205,270 rabbitB and 5025 rabbit ckine. Daring the bearing of a case at the Camperdown County Court on Saturday last, it was stated that Mr J. H. Connor, M:L.A , owned 4000 acres of land at the Stony Bises, which was a large rabbit warren containing 30,030 rabbits." A summons (says the Evening Mail) was taken out on Wednesday by the Crow* Law Department against Merinda Polver, the girl who lately attempted to gain possession of examination papers by bribing a youth ia the Government Printing Office. The summons is tor " inciting to commit a larceny." Detective Duncan expecta to be able.to bring the «ase before the police court by Monday or Tuesday next. A statement has obtained currency (says the Herald) that a movement was on foot to induce the signatories to the Grattan address to withdraw from it This idea has, after consultation, been abandoned, as it would in that event become necessary to substitute another address, which probably would give ooaaion for fresh criticism and a re-ventOa" tion of the whole subject. The head teacher of the Amhent State school (aaya the Maryborougl Standard) has been censored by the Minic^r of Education, and fined £2 for undue severity in chastising a 'pupil. From letters which have been received by the mailfrom Sir George Bowen, it would appear probable (says the Telegraph) that h will not return to the Mauritius, but that he will be entrusted with tbe administration of some other eolony. It has been authentically ascertained (Bays the Argus) that Wild Wright is at Mansfield in Victoria, and, consequently, cannot be one of the gang of bushrangers who are believed to be in the neighborhood of Ny- Some ertraord inary aooriog (says the Argtu} ma made at a recent rifle match between the 1st Gastlemaineand the Maldoa Gaps. The ranges were 400, 500, aud 600 yards, and out of a" possible 1050 points the Maldon representatives made 8S0 and the Caatlemaine 876. The total points scared were 1756 out of »possible 2100, or about SS out "of 103 per man. Nine at the competitors made 90 or over, and the highest soorer was Prime T. Allen, of Castlemaine, with 99. Ibe match, so tar as the general scoring is concerned, is one of the most remarkable an record. By the mail per the Luotania, which left Hobaoa'a Bay on "Wednesday, the snm of £500 (says the Arym) waa forwarded to London to the treasurer . of the Mansion House fond lor tbe relief of the persecuted Jews of Russia. Of this amount, the snm of £100 had been collected by the Melbourne of the Anglo-Jewish Association, £300 by the Melbourne Jewish young men, aud £100 by the Sandhurst committee. The attention of parties famishing, and others, ia directed to the unreserved aale pf Mr David Leasells' furniture, which will nke'place this day, "at twelve o'clock, at St Dawson .street aouth, by Mr F. M. Claxtou, auctioneer. PaulV parochial festival win be held In the seboolbouse adjonnna the chnreh, next Monday evening. Tbe tidLetS, we nnder- . . • . been largely sold. The excellent choir of the church gives Its invaluable aid, and a large assemblage and very pleasant evening is anticipated. KodenLodge, No. 65, L-O.L., wiU tenet to-night, at seven o'clock sharp. : The Ballarat Troop P.W.V.L.H. wfll M «iWuev at the jMfeaflall, tKs erad^g, at half^aat seven, llnilorm, undress, andibmge caps... 