RURVIVA.LOF A IrAN INTO WIOR'r IOnAInT A nnr.ECIIlPIN AD PANHED. Tirul, appeared in the rotunda of tlo Wlnd or HIotel, last evening, a gentleman who at tracted no little attention and comment. Not that heo was odd in mako.up, or ecceaitria in dmeanbour, bnt because he bore .upon his forehead, the ghastly mark of a miraculous escape from death.,i Everybody who noticed the long red linolooked a second and third time, and looking; suggested that the manl had something inteorestinfg.in his history. Autn quiry at tihe desk, revealed thoi.fact that hb was a New York' journalist, the editor of the astlroeiomist, and that his name \was Jolin J. oempster. Upon solicitation. Mr. Keipater: told a reporter the story of the wound. It occurred while was duck shootingin Now Jersey, on thoe23rd of September, 1880. Said Mr. Kempster: "I wandered into the marshes about a mile and a half from the little village, niid finally; obtained a good shot at a flock of ducks who were swimming" in a shallow slough. I fired, and that was tie last I re membered for some time. When I recovered consciousness, I was lying flat on my back; the sun beating down on me. Iknow thatI was w'ounded, but for many minutes could not im. agine where the injury was.' Better sense camo to me slowly, and with it strength. I felt something trickling down my forehead, and, putting up my Ionad, touched'a thin coating, that proved to he mingled blood and brains.. Then I understood that the gun had exploded or discharged itself through the breech, and something had penetrated my forehead. I raised my hand a second time, and:felt the smaller and of a breechpin pro. truding from myhead. Iimmediately thought all was up, and commenced to make my peace with God in prayer. I grew stronger and more conscious of my condition however, and in the liope of securing medical aid that might save mny life, I struggled to my feet, - A heaviness,as ift.my brain cavity was loaded with lead, was all that I suffered. Every thing appeared natural to me; the trees, the "shrtbbery;add :tlhe marshes,-annd even the path Ihad takeni:was distinct to my mind. I was oven thoughtful enough to take up. the broken gun and examine it. The stock was separated from the bayrels-imbedded in my brain was the absent breechpin. "I walked babk to the village. It sermed an age before I got there, the invisible Weight on my head bending me' to the ground. I never rested though, but kept on, with only a vague iope for life encouraging me. When I arrived attlio.hotel whler I was stopping, the people seeing moe, fled as if a ghost were approaching through the .daylight. When I told the clerk to go for a surgeon, he stood as if'palsied. I grow mad, and shouted to him to find'a surgeon or I should die, and then I fell to the floor speechless. I was again un conscious until the operation had been per. fornmed, and the iron pin was taken off my brain. It was a bungling piece of work, two country physicians, who knew as much about surgery as I do of Choctaw, hacking and hoewing, and sawing my head until they had opened it, as you can see, more than two and a half inches. Then I was put on the train and sent to New York. Until unconscious ness came to my relief again, I was in the most terrible agony, my brain aching as though ia thousand daggers were piereilrg it. I remember being placed in the hospital am balance; the remarks of bystanders that I could not live ; the jolting noise through the streets; the ringing of the ambulance 'bell, which sounded lile a death-knell to me; and after that, all was blank. It was several days before I came to, and well I recollect the first query I made to -the doctor: " Was there any probability that my life would be safe?" Four months afterward I was once more at my desk, grinding away as if my brains were intact." Where the bireechpin entered Mr. Kemp star's head, there is a space of about half an inch in diameter, where the cuticle touches the brain, and moves with each pulsation of the organ. A cutting of the skin would ex pose the brain.-Denver (Col.) Tribune. 