Overland to Port Darwin. BY LATITUDE. IT was in Decombor, 1872, and tho weather was very warm in the central part of tho Northern Torritory. Thoro was a largo party of us con structing tho ovorland tolograph lino from Adelaide to Port Darwin, and it had bocomo a neces sity t© exploro for and find water ab some point »hoad, before leaving tho water wo wero thon «amped at. For exploration purposes, it was ne cessary to have tho best bushmen in bho camp, and th© moat exporiencod mon in this particular s but lb was also advisable for the hoads of tho party fc» show a willingness in tho direction of the exploration, BO that tho men might bo encouraged, by example, to go out when rcquirod to do so in consideration was tho first of the kind we had been «ailed upon to perform, and it was under taken by the threo chiefs (so to speak) of tho ex pedition. We started oiï from Charlotte Waters with fivo horses-three to ride and two to carry packs. For tho first day or two all went well ; pieces of wood, with cross pieces laid in ab tho top, were set in tho sand at intervals to denote the course we had taken, and every precaution was adopted to make tho path of the party that was flo follow in a few days as clear and easy as possible. On the third day out, the exploring party of three had used Inp all tho waber in their bags, and were much in need of a fresh supply. Thab afternoon tho horses became staggery with the heat and for want of a jirink. We bogan to lighten their loads, leaving many things in plant ; bub next morning, despite all our care, two of our five horses diod. lb was at this time we put all our provisions and other goods in plant, and sot off, as fast as wo dared go, on Stuart's track for the Hugh, -where it was just possible we might got a little water, by scooping into the sand and gravel in tho bed of that so-called river. On arrival at the Hugh our disappointment was great, to find that it was as dry as tho proverbial bone. Wo worked with a despairing desperation nearly all that night, and exhaustod oursolvcs in tho efforts wo ineffectually made to obtain a little water. It was decided nob to turn back, but to press on for anothor wator-holo Baid, by Stuart, to hold a pormanont supply. This wator waa only l l miles distant. Saddling up at earliest dawn,. wo mado for this point ; bub, unfortunately, ono of tho throe horses died boforo we had gone half way. Wo had now to take our turn ab walking,, and this, under a sun giving forth a heat of IGOdog or moro , was most exhausting and very slow, work. Our horror and despair almost may bo imagined when, on arrival, wo found the permanent wator-holo perfectly dry. E^Wbat were wo to do now ? lb was impossible to. go back, and almost curtain death to go forward. Tho night was passed in inexplicable dread of tho possible result. During the night tho sky became overcast with heavy nimbus clouds and a tropical thunderstorm seemed imminent. This brought joy and grateful thanks with it, and wo expected every moment that tho deluge of rain would be gin to fall j but, alas! it proved to be what is termed a " dry storm." The thunder rolled, lightning flashed in broad incandescent sheets, and the wind sighed in occasional gusts ; but no rain ! Our predicament was truly pitiable. Suck ing pebbles had long since failed to induco saliva and our mouths were literally as dry as chalk, whilst our bowels yearned with an indescribable longing for a drink of water. Tlie morning caine, and wo skirted once moro over tho apparently never ending plain'ou ¿ur northward course. ..???Hopo wasi almost dead within, xis, while, ab thu samo timo, bur. energy, was nearly all spenti Wo Btrugglod on bravoly' enough, however, until-, ' iii the aflornoon, one of.' the small party laid .himself quietly down and, without a struggle, gave up the ghost. the future. The particular Tliia made our aad caso et'll worso; "Wo ' could.'] nob stay to bury our friend, so wo loft him where ( ho died and pushed on. No watör that night I Nert morning madness had seized on one Ol Our littlo party. The madman used his revolver and fired six shots at his mate, who would not have been sorry to have boon shot doad ; but had sense enough loft to fear a serious maimingj which would havo boon worso than death. None of the shot« told, and then it bocame ne cessary to strap tho madman's legs to prevent bim running away and losing himsolf in tho desert. Ono of the two rotnaining horsos was now particularly staggery. Ho was shot, and a quart of blood taken from a vein in his neck.. The madman had a drink of this and was almost im mediately reliovd. This kind of liquid refresh ment, it may bo remarked, Ins to bo taken whilo it is warm, otherwiso it becomes partially solid, and not easy to swallow, but, af tor all, dospito tho nastiness, it was something to drink. "Wo had now only ono horse, and ho waa nob in any parti cularly good case. lb waa ab last arrangocl that wo should both got upon him barobackod, and, without a bridlo, trust to his instinct to drag us out of tho frightful mess wo woro in. Wo might just as woll die travelling as lying down, wo agreed, and ¡whilst thoro was lifo thoro was always hopo. Away tho thrco of us went, the throo hoing our own two selves and tho horso, but it waa at no " lightning speed " wo crossed tho plain in tho direction of a point whore we had obsorvod somo kites hovering over on tho provious evening and that morning. Looking back occa sionally, we could seo that tho horso was making a beo-lino from whero wo started for this {larticular spot ; but hoavon and earth ! how slow io did go. Poor old horso 1 About t in tho af tornoon wo got on to tho bank of a dcop guttory creek. Tho bank was very aboop, but down in tho bod of tho crook thero was water. With a few words of grateful thanks find much rejoicing wo threw ourselves off tho horse, and simul taneously down tho steep bank of the oreek. The litble drop of water was in tho bottom of a gin caso that had been perforated in tho bottom and sides and fixed in tho place wo found it some years before thon by the exploror Stuart. There 'was a depth of about 8.I in of soakage water in it, and into this tho. two men and ono horse pushed their heads and swigged'-and swigged« and Bwigged ! I In about four more days the par by came up and found us, but wo wero nearly dead. Tho norse after drinking would not leavo tho water all night, but drank and groaned loudly until morning, when the poor brute found roliof. Our party nursed us back to hoalth and strength carefully, went back and found tho body of out dead mate, buried him, and raised a abono ab hie head that at tho prosenb time ia used aa one of thc landmarks of the Ovorland Tolegraph Track bc Porb Darwin. 