i "Wovelist BY SLOW DEGREES. A 8T0BY OP AUSTRALIA. BY ALEXANDER MONTGOMERY. XUTI10H of " THATTZLLOW FAIUtEBE." " CHAPTER XVIII. ' Cintra was a moderately sized Iioubo of tho villa order, standing in somewhat cxlcnsivo grounds, and eltnated in tho outskirts ot St. Kilda. Tho honse itself occupied tho summit . of a riso, and had thns a clear view, over tho thiek belt of plantation which secluded it from tho road. Entrance' to tho back was given by a nnrrowtono, which, diverging from this road, made a loop round tho premises and rejoined the main thoroughfare abont a quarter of a milo farther on. In front of tho nouso was a bread terrace, and on this terrace I was pacing np and down a fow days after oar arrival, when Isnw Walter coming np tho drive. Tho Count and his daughter, as it happened, wcro both from homo, and in Waiter a face, as I told him this, I could detect that con tradictory mixtures 'of relief dud disappoint ment, which most pooplo havo experienced at tho postponement of an anxious crisis in their affairs.- " Ha has come to ask tho Coant for his daughter," I said to myself; and so it was. After a fow turns np and down the terrace without speaking, Walter laid his band on my arm and stopped me. "Von era tho Count's intimate friend," be said. "I want yon to toll ma candidly what chanoo you think I bavo ot gaining Paola for ray wlfo?" Tho bine eyes were very troubled; tho strong voleo Bhook as Jio put tho question, and it was with a keen fooling of regret that I answered — " Very little, I fear, my door fellow I Von remember what I told yoa about tho Count's resolve to avoid any connection with your i father I" >, " I, remember I" ho answered, letting his hand drop from my arm ;"but I thought that '' perhaps his irritation on that point would have snbsidod by this time." " Von mistake tho Count muoh," I said. " He is incapable of irritation in the sense in whioh you use tho word. i His dislike to your fathor is. founded an tho calm; conviction that ho is a bojl man, and on undesirable con nection. Vou will oxonse my plain Bpoaking ; but it is beat that yon should understand the position.'" ; ' . > Oertalply it is best," said Walter;'" but I think Connt Giustiuiani jndges too harehly of my fathor, or, rather, of mo on my father's account." ' " No Walter I— tho Count does not judgo harshly of .yon ; he-likes yon muoh, and lias said so in so inariy words ; but as he docs not . hastily larm a judgment, so ho does not hastily . alter ono, and I fear you will find, him in the Bame mind as ho was when ha spake to me. Bht oomo I— I'do not wish to discouragoyon; yoa can but try. ; J need hardly aekhow you. stand with tho ladv herself." ,, ,.,'v "No," said Walter— "I am all right with . her I But sho would never run counter to her fathor'a wishes I" . . . . ' " I am madh mistaken in hor if olio would," ilrepliod. - '(Then there is tho quostion of ro- ; ligious opinions lj' , . 41 Whv. Hiirnlv: frnm- whnfc ,T Tmmv nf Bin Count, ho would make no difficulty on that '.score 1" .' . " Tho Count— no 1 But I meant the young lady herself I ' 1 . ' .' ' 4 , Walter remained: silent for a few moments.. "Ihave Bomething to Bay on that point, " he onsworcd thon, 11 ivhtoh, may', probably excite " your ridioulo." -' '" Say on, and lot me judgo I'.' ..... " I know, " lis' wont on,-" that men of your school of thought— or at least of the Count's — would jsoont r . tho idea of i a. mnn'a ' beliefs i being influenced through his affec tions, but the fact remains that.' my opi- : nioris ' on'., religions'! mottdre ; have latterly undergone -a great change. "Am Ijto understand, then,- that yoa attri- , bute'thra ohango;lo tho influence of Sigriorina Giustiniani? Well, I sea nothing in that to ,' ridioulo;' though I think you would bo moro . correct, in attributing' 'the alteration to tho IaAv'u nrfftimnnfo tKnn V»ov» faeninn " . " Ihave always envied her pure, lofty, uh- troublod faithi". said Walter, " and I secmTo : have unconsoionsly imbibed a portion of it." '"Do yon call yourself d Christian, then?'" . "I do not know what to call myself; but. I. ' do know that I believe now in many things ,' which I questioned when you first knew mo." , All the better for you," I said. " Vou 1 may romombor that I told you at tho time that any stato of beliof was preferablo, for tho , sake of mental quietudo, to a mental attitade i of univorsal soeptioism. But here coma tho Count and'tho sfjiiorfnd." , With . a: -heightoucd color -and a less com-' posed air thnnusual Paola greeted Walter.' " I have, had Buoh trouble, with tho padre 1". . she i said, laughing. "Coming oat of tho Public Library, he picked np another person's hat instead ot his own, and wo had got to the front gates before , tho owner arrived in hot pursuit.' Absurdly angry : ho was, too; I really thought ho would havo given the- Count in charge, though' anybody could havo scon that tho exchange was far from being in tho dear father's favor. Bcally ho grows . more absent-minded cvory day.". ."Only at times,. jiglia inlal' . said the Count — "only now and .thonl Von havo Bopaotliing to say to "mo;" , ho added, to Walter, aB his 'swift, keen oyo perused the : young man's ingenuous countenanco. -ion, uouns.; u you can .spare me alow- minutes." '; "This way, then. Perdona, Baymond; Paola will keep you company I" . But Fapla, who guessed what was coming, ,_1 had fled oro he spoke, and so, paolng: tha tor- race alone, I awaited the Jesuit of tho inter- , viow. . . r' . In about a quarter of an hour tho Count Bent for mo, ana, going to hie etudy, I found him twisting hiB long groy monBtaoho in muoh ' perplexity. Walter stood by tho window, and near tho door was seated Paola, with asparklo . in her eye and a flush upon her oheelc which \- betokened an emotion unusual with hor. "I havo Bent for/you, my friond," sold tho Count, " to Havo your opinion on a matter that nearly concerns my daughter's happiness. . ' In a word — Mr. Addison, hero, wishos to marry hor I . Vou aro already aware of my primary objection to such a match, but I find that my. daughter's offootions are more seriously on- gaged than I had imagined. Perhaps I am to blame for. noj interfering sooner to put an end to the acquaintaneo; but lot that pass 1— lliuhaim Milouc, and I wish now to Rear ll you can put tho matter m any now light which would weaken ray objections; I do not dony, you iico," he added with a smile, " thnt I am willing to be persaaded, any mora than I havo concealed from Walter that I havo a great personal liking for him. But thcro still re mains— his father 1" "But, sir," cried Woltor eagerly, — "my father is not what you think him 1 and, oven if ha were, I do hot sco that ho need mako so muoh diffarsiioo. It may sound unfillnl on my part to aoknowledga that his habits aro such aa to make him an undesirable acquain- tonco for a lady, bnt by his own ehoicowa should scobut Iittloof him." " My dear boy," sald'Uio Coant, " you for get that yoa aro still dependont on ' him 1 Yonr profession . would not enable you, for years to come, to support a wifo." . "lean wait," said Walter. _ " " I am no friend to long engagements, '( was tho reply; "and my daughter shall not form ono .with my consent." Paola camo ewiftly forward and elasped tho Count's hand. " Yoa'Iovcd my mother 1" sho said-"takopity on usl!' .. " (7ara mfn," was tho dry reply, "It is just bocauso I take pity on you that I wish to sceuro'you bread to eat, and so forth. Now, Baymond," ha added, taming to mo with something like a twinkle in liis eye, — "you have not given your opinion yet." " My opinion, Count,' is alt in favour of theso young lovers; thongh I mast admit thnt tho want of means is a serious objection. Bnt porhaps you and I could" \- " Htay, my friend I" Interrupted tho Coant ; " I know what yon wonld say, but that is not to bo thought of for a moment— as far as you aro concerned, at anyrato. Listen to me, Walter 1 Should yoa marry my daughter, I am able and willing to support yon both until yoa aro in a position to dispense With my as sistance ; bnt I tell yon plainly that I shall think tha worso of yoa if yon accept tho pro posal 1" "Then yon shall not think the worse of mo an that account, at all ovcntsl" returned Walter warmly. " I could not think of such a plan for a moment I Bat yon forget— my' father is riclil It will bo easy for him to givo us tho necessary income." Tho Connt took a fow tarns In sflcnoe. " Your father," ho said then, " wonld cer tainly not approve of your marriaga with my daughter. How that would affect his rela tions with yourself, you ought to bo tha best judge." Bcliovomo, sir," returned Walter — "what ever ho may appear to othore, bo lias always been a most kind and indulgent father to mo. Givo ns your conscn, tand I am confident of his!" " "And you really lovo this young man so much?" said tho Count, turning to his daughter. " With all my heart 1" sho Bald; and then, with a noblo simplicity in no way akin to un- maidehly forwardness, sho went up to Walter iuiu loon du nana in uuro. A remarkable-looking coaplo they made, as they stood side by side, gaziog eagerly at tho Coast's snscratablo face. The girl—of equql height with her lover— appeared the taller of tho two, and her lofty southern beauty con trasted strongly with the square, sturdy, Sqxonaspoot of Walter, '.whoso bright blue bye alone scemod to demote anything of a kindred spirit with Paola's. .. , " Tall: and short ! " -muttered the Count, meditating albnd as he looked at them. " This prediloction of tall women for short men— but I forget I ' Thiols what I deoide, Walter If, as you oipcot, your -father bo 'willing to mako a siiiHciont provision for you, I will consent to the marriage; but it is only, fair to tell you, at the same time, that I make this concession in the full belief that I shall not bo called upon to fulfil it. You think differently? Very well; go and talk the matter over by yourselves, but remember that I will not relax the conditions I havo fixed 1" " What wore you saying just now, Count, about tall women and short men ?" I asked, when .the lovom had left- the room. . " You' interrupted yourself, you romombor." , ;> " All, yes I .You must have remarked, your self, that persons whoso Btataroismuoh abovo- or mnoh oelow tho . average generally selcot from tho other Bex a partner who possesses the opposite characteristics." . . " Yes;. it- ib a matter of common obser- vation.'; . - . "How do you account for it?" # , "I euppoao it is the - attraction of op- posites." . , fa moro than that 1 It is a provision of Hature for the maintenance of hor avorago standard of growth. If over and undersized, men and women preferred mates of corres ponding stature, the human race would grad ually run to. giants, > on tho ono hand, and. pigmies on tho other ! " . t - .'A That iB a now view of the subject to me, I replied, but it certainly seems to rest on a reasonable basiB." . . ... ; , < Yes ; you' will find tho samo forco at work all through Nature. Any divergence; from : her normal types inevitably- contains . within ,it tho seeds' of roveraion to thoso types." " You - appoor- to think, then, that the promptings of .Nature will not bo carried out m this particular instance." "With rcgord to Walter and Paola, you mean? ' No — I am as certpw oa uiat x siana hero that Addison Will refuse his consont to tho match. As you heard mo Bay to W®' it js in that cohviotion -thpt I mako tho mar?, riago contingent on his father's approval. Had I the least fear of that approval being obtained, I would.not make the. conditions I do,' for my.. detestation of the elder Addison remains, undiminished ; though, as Walter might begin to think I was indulging in an unreasonable . degreg of animus, ! havu chosen to mako - the monetary objeotion the osten- siMoono." . " iiut in a fow years," I rcmajkod, ."wai ter's profession vrill make him. .indepen dent of his father, and thus disposo of the monotary objections." . .. _ The Count smiled his caustic smile. 4 to your - hair thin and your beard giby, friend Eaymond, ho Bold, as ho tapped mo on the shoulder, " and do yon caloulato liko a boy upon What may happen in a fow years ?' CHAPTER XIX.; Waltor lost no timo in writing to lus father upon tho subject of tho morrioge, and so confidant was ho of a favorablo answor that ho looked upon tho matter as already, settled. I was muoh lesfl sangulno ifi tho matter, how-, over, for, my couifidcuco in tho Count s saga city was great; but' I kept 'my mdsgivinga'to myself, - and- mado no . attempt to damp Walters expectations. . - - ' " Are you anything of a sporting man < 4iio asked me, rather abruptly, on the ®orIuS following tho convcrsatipn detailed in tho pro- ceding chapter. ' , . . '. "I'Used tO/tako a good deal of mtcrcstln such matters,"; 1 replied; "but not latterly Why doyou'aak?" j. "Because I wislr to toll you that, ovon if- wo take 'tho worst for granted— If we supposo my father rofusca his consent, I havo still got astringtomy bow!" - .. « Indeed 1 But what has' that to do with sporting matters?" .- , "Ijvill tell you. Yoa havo heard of tho Melbourne Cap?? . 1 . » "Ot course; the great race of tho year. , " Yes; .:WelI, It will bo run in a wuplo of months from hqw, bud King of tho Boutn is first favourite." ' - ' ' ' tt. " 8o I boo by the pdpors. The .public ap- Ti car to but great confidence > In Inm." " So' muoh tho worso for tho publio I I know of o horso that- oan run away , from anything in tho raco, and that horso is not King ot tlie buutli !— nay, mure, lio is scarcely mcntioueu in tho bolting at nil 1" "Indeed! And tins wonderful amninl I prcsumo you havo booked." "Yon;. I havo got lmmonso odds against him. -I am not at liberty to mention lus namo, but I can put something on lum for you if yoa wish. '(Thank yon I — I am not inolincd to specu late ; and if you'll taka my advice you'll havo nothing to do with him either I" " Oh, I havo not muoh to lose, and I stand to win onongh to mako mo quite independent ofmyfothorl" .'. I. shook my head. " My experience teaches mo to plooa'iittlo faith in 'tips' of tiny kind," I said; " and theso very mysterious and won derful pieces of information aro doubly sus picious. But I hopo you know your man." \- "I do; thcro ara'two of them, and I bo- iiovo thoy aro both to bo relied on. I am going to sco them thisovenlng; and, if you liko to oomo with me, I'll show you a lfttla Melbourne sporting life." " Agreed I— provided it bo not of too low an ordor." "Oh, no I Quito rcspoetable, for tha sort of thing. I'll call for you in tho evening; good bye in tho meantimo — I must get bock to tho olllco." " I wonder what tho Count would sny to this betting business," I said to roysoli when Walter hod left mo. " I'll ooand him on tha subject at tho first opportunity." Iiut, though I earned out this Intention in what I thought was a most diplomatic manner, tbo quick-witted Coant saw how tho land lay in a moment. "Ahl" ho said — "I suppose our friend Walter has Ijcen dabbling in it. This hotting .mania," ho went on, "is nothing morn than tho lottery.faver of tbo Continent, in another form. Your English law theoretically forbids lotteries, and bo tho inhoront delight in tho worship of chance mast find another outlet. . Not that them is any didcrenoo in prineiplo. It is all very well to talk of tho delight in a good raco— tho improvement in tho brood of horses, and so forth; absolutely pro hibit -tho botUng, and horse-racing will sink into insignificance, instead of being, as now, tho all-engrossing amusement of this com munity. As regards any proclivities which Walter may have in that direction, it will bo tinea enough for mo to consider that question when this matter of tho morriogo is settled." Seven o'clock tho samo evening found mo approaching with Walter a well-known sport ing hotel in ono of tha principal streets of Melbourne. Tho front was a blaze of light, and, as wo entered at a side-door, Walter in formed mo that tha landlord was tha celebrated Bill Crusher, ex-chomplon of England. Pas sing along a narrow entry, through various openings fn which wo oanght occasional glimpses of tho bar, resplendent with carving and gilding, wo reached a small, comfortably famished room, tho very atmosphere of which seemed to bo charged with "eport." On thg mantloploco was a stalled bull- tcrrrier In a giass-case, wun a legena oeiung lortn ms apocryphal doings in tho rat-killing way ; above that again waa a surprising work of art in which all tho colors of tha rainbow hod bean lavished upon tho representation of a celebrated, " finish" for the Derby, whilst round tho walls tho portraits of English soullers and American- trotters alternated- with thoso of Marions ornaments of tho prizb- ring, preparing in tho most exemplary pugilistic attitudes to do battle with nothing in particular. "My men will bn horo directly," Boid Walter, as, having looked at his watch, ho rang tho bell and! ordered a bottle of sherry ; and fy tho time a brokon-nosod barman re turned 'with tho winb tho oxpootcd persons had mado their appearance. Evidontly both of. tho " horsy" 'genns, they novcrtholcss presented a widely different aspect: Tho bigger of tho two, who was nn; mistakoably a son of Abraham, waswheozy of voice iuidnoshy of loco ; his dress was of ultra fashionable and horsy out, and tho coarseness of his dirty rod hands was enhanced by tho numerous cheap rings which bodizoncd his fingers. Tho other, was a low, sized, wiry man, with hard, square features, small, piercing oycs,and a twist in tho corner of his wido, tliin-lippcd month as if ho carriad a straw in it.' ': /" Aw'il.toko a drop -o' gin hot,'! said tho latter, in , a strong Yorkshire accent, when asked .what, he would take. "Aw didn t think 'at yo'd a brought anybody wP yo' t'nooti". '.' Oh,- it -doesn't matter I" snid Walter— " this is a friend of mine, who is juat'as solo as myself." . , Do— lighted to seo ; any friond of yours, Misliter Acldiaon," wheozeu tho other worthy, lighting a villainous oigar asjho spoko. "I shuppose you'vo como prepared for ns, bh ?" "Vcsj": said Waltor, and, taking out liis pocket-book, -lio handed bach of tham a small paokbt of notes. : " B'holp .mo 1" said tho Jew, when ha, bad counted his', "you'vo got tho hinformation ohbap-dirt cheap I ' Ain't ho, Jom 1" ' Tfio Yorkiihircman did not onowor until he hod slowly counted his nionoy over twico; thon. pinoing: it in a' greasy pooket-book, ho sqairtcd li: strpam of tobacco-juice from tlio corner oi his mouth and . jsontentiously ejaculated, " Worth ! oivo' toiniea t'braas 1" . (' Como, comq I" aaid waltor with a laugh —"it's too late to , talk . about that, now I Tho bargain's inado 1 Nbw, Baymond, wo'll go upstairs and sob a bit of sparring. That's tlio cauBO of tho noiso up.tnoro,!' ho. added; alluding to ii mysterious snuffling and tramp ling which haa been going on for somo.timo ovor oar heads. . T now began to soo that Waiter was a muoh greener, hand in sporting matters than I had. supposed. . Hb had ovidontly boen' paying pretty smartly, for what was in all probability, a worthless piece of information, -and as WD ascended tho stairs I determined to tdka'tho first opportunity: of oponing his oyos , Turn-' ing into a dark passage, wo.pansod at n door, upon whioh , Woltor tapped in a' pecoliar manner. A'.ohding panel was" immediately withdrawn, and, . alter a' znnttorcd colloquy with tho guardian of tho, door, it was cautiously opened, and wo found ourselves in a largo and brilliantly -lighted room, In tlio' contra of which was a spaco coycrpd with saw- - duat and fenced off .with ropes. Within tho enclosure, two dovotocs of tlio flstio art were puinm.oliing caoh other with might and main; and on tho benches round tho. walla sat a crowd of spectators,. ranging in degree from tho most elaborately dressed " swell" to tho , debasod-loqking creatures who .formed the link batwcoh tlio low-elasa pugillit and tho thiol pure arid simple. . , « Why all this precaution ?" I whispered to Waiter, as wo took oar' seats. " Sparring with gloyos is not against tho lawhoro, is it ?" " No," ho rctnrnod, " but . tlicso men aro using what are called 'skin gloves,' whioh afford Boarccly any protootlon from tho blows. An encounter with thom is virtually a prize fight, so ;thqrn is a possibility of tho polico in- tcrlering," and, at that very moment, as it, to illustrate his meaning, ono of the combat ants was knooked' down by a blow whlcdi sounded npon his battered .countenanco nb if it bad been dealt with. tho noted Act. I felt oomowhot disgusted, for, thongh not unacquainted with tho- pugllistlo mystery riiyaeu, I heartily disapproved of prize-fight ing, and had 'entered tho rooin with 'tho 'ok- pcotatlon of eooing only a display Of harmless sparring';.. but boforo I could mako, rip my mind_ wliotbcr to sit tho thing , out or riot, a tliundoring knoclt resoundod on tlio door, and I a stontorinn,Yoiep.domandcd admission "In tlio Queen's namo I " . ' . All was confusion in a moment. Tho com- batants sprang out ot tlio ring, tlio spectators jumped down from tlieir benches, and a con fused rush was mado for tlio door at tlio other end of tlio room. Carried along bytlio press, I loBt , sight of Walter, and fonnd myself hustled helplessly down a flight of ijtairs leading to tho book of tho -house. Presently wo came to a, small door ; it was burst open ; tho human Btrcam poured out and scattered, and I found myself In a narrow passago, ap parently loading from aria street to another. Ignorant , of tho locality, I turned in tlio wrong direction, and reached _ what soon turned out to bo a dangqrouB neighbourhood. A narrow street, with mean, dingy houses, and suspicions looking forms hovering furtively about tho corners- of tho numerous lanes which led off on cither side. "A villainous looking plnool" I said to myself as I turned to rotraca my steps ; bnt, before I had gono man; yards, I found my self confronted by two dark figures. "Can yon givo mo ri light, sir?" camo from ono of thom, but . I was on my guard, and rcady-for tho rash whioh followed before I could reply., Ono of tho men I avoided el- together, and 'dealt tho other a blow in tho chost which Btaggcrod him. "Oh I that's yonr sort, is it?" ha cried javagcly, as. ho recovered himself. "Comu on. Dob, and wo'll settla his hash for him 1 " I cast a rapid glanco around ; not a soul was in sight bat my two antagonists— both mon'of nearly my own sizo— and, after n rapid interchange of blows, I received a stroke on tho head whioh staggered mo; but, just as tho follows were dosing up, a crashing blow sent ono of thorn to' tho gronnd liko a clod. Tho other immediately took to liis hods ; and, turning round, I saw besido mo a powerfully built man of middlo size, with bowed legs and disproportionately long arms. "Thank yon, my friend," I said. "That was a timdy blow. Will you help mo to givo this fcllow in chargo?" "No, sir— no," was tho unexpected reply. " If I havo dono yon any sorvieo, I ask yon to roqaito it by lotting tho man go," and, boforo I could answer, tho thief scttlod tho matter himself by scrambling to his foot and running away. " That decides it," I said. " I think your request a strange one, bnt, novcrtholcss, I am mnch beholden to you for yonr assistance. I am a comparative stranger in Melbourne." " So I supposed. Let mo pnt yoa in yonr way again." . \- "I havo scon you boforo," I said, as wo passed a lamp and tho light revealed my companion's features, f Wcro yon not in tho sparring-room just now?'.' "I was, and I saw you 'there; I supposo yon missed your friend in the crnsb." " Yes, bnt I shall soon find htm again. May I offer yoa any money ?" I added, with soma hesitation, for, though my rescuer'e bread shoulders wore clad oaly In a rough pca-jacket, and his head in a roaghforcap, his languago was that of an cdacated person, uuu tun tiuv omuua iuu 111 tuu boxing-room as being that of no common man. " Thank you— no," ho returned briefly. " There's your way ; good night 1" I fonnd Waltor .looking outfor mo in front of tho hotel. ' \- "I was beginning to fool anxioas about you," ho said, "for there were a good many roug'oharaators about. Yon didn't think wo had this sort of thing in Molboumo, oh ?" I did not answor immediately, for I waa divided between my good wishes for the speaker arid my diBlika-to anything in tho way ot " preaching." ' S|" Do you approvo of j this sort of thing,' Walter?" I asked 'at last. "Of prizoflghtlng, for instanoo ?" "Well, no; I oan't say I do. Bnt you don't think there's any harm in learning how to nso ono'a fists, do you?" _ " Certainly not 1 I can do a little in that way myself trior is it many minutes sinoo I found the knowledgo useful." " By . Jove I" said ' :Waltor, when I had briefly, desoribod my , rccont adventure; " there's a caso in point, you sco." "Yes, I don't dony it. But such an oxhi- .bition as we witnessed to-riight can do no possible good, and jit wonld bo bettor to remain1 ignornrit of tho '.noblo art.' than to acquire it among srioh dobaoing sunoundings. Tlion thoro is nnothor thing I wish' to Bpenk to yon auout, u you wiu iorravo moiorieotui- ing, and put it down to the interest I take in- you.''- " Speak plainly,"; Snid Walter. " I am ready to bb gnidod by yonr ndvico." . :",You oannot'-boignidod.byit in this in; stance, unfortunately, for tho harm is already dono. I refer to tho. monoy you paid those two scoundrels for tho' 4 tip.' " /> ('Why, Baymond 1". laughed Waller, " that is not liko you— to put men down as scoundrols solely on tlw score of thoir looks." "No," I admitted, "it is not liko mo; but my impression is oll the more strong on that account. May Took what you paid thom ?" " Fifty each I'.' " Thrown away 1" ' "If I thought So," began Walter— "if I thought thoy wore deceiving mo" — - . : . . ,« You oorild do nothing I" I put in. " Thoy would oay they wore deceived thomsolvcs." " So thoy would; no', doubt 1 Well, novtir mmaj x navo. no tears anoac mo Havo a weed ?" ! . ' . "'Luorozia Borgia' to- morrow night, I said, looking at. tbo bill on tho gate of . tho Jpora-houso, opposite' whioh wo hod Btopped » light our oigars. "My favorite oporal Will you ooino and hoar it ?" "Yob, i! you wish::: Porhaps tho Count aud tho itgnorina would oomo too." "I'll nek thom wbon I got book." " Very good. And, by-the-way, I think you had hotter turn baok now to catch your train. Til como out to Oiritra to-morrow afternoon." CIIAPTEB XX. " Baldovino," oaid tho Connt, in Itelian, to ills old servant next morning ; " did notl yes terday soo thee working in tha garden?" " 01 a troth, Ecctllenza," answered tho old man,'. " I did therein labor , a littlor-only a little 1" - " That was not woll, my Iriond," said his master.: "Thou growest old and fcoblo, and( snoh work is not for tlico. I will engage a man to attend to tho gardon. Soo to it, Jiglia mia I" ' ' ' ; ; ' " I will advortiso to-morrow;' replied Paola. " Daldovino shall in Irituro . tako his caso with "his oigarotto, while hoBaporintonds operations," pha added, with a laugh. ; . , , "Tho' itgnorina is pleased to bo merry,", said the old follow, with a low bow, ' " but tho idleness it lines lie. """ ' ripiiorina'i permission ho will still do bo mnoh as is noBsiblo to him." ' ' " ' "Well, well— as thon rtcascst,'1 . said tho, Count; "bnt toko core of thysolf, for thou, hast boon- a faithful and hard- working Sor- vant t ' National prejudice,' ho wont on, in English, when. Daldovino had hobbled out pi thoroom, ' ' calLs the Italian lazy; but I tear mo that what passes for laziness ft too often tho want of something to do. Tho traveller sees tho , Uutaroni lying about in tho anri all day. 'What an indolent pcoplol'.ho oays; for getting that work must bo kai boforo It ,can bo' done, and shutting bis oyca to: tho' foot that thpso Italians whoAaoc-it— <lo'-lt with might and main. Tho history of Italy wonld provo— ah I by-tho- way, that reminds' mo, Baymond— you want us, to go arid, hear 'Luorezia Borgia' to-night. Did you think Italia" opera in Mclhourno wonld bo worth listonlngto?" .... 1 ; I don't oxpoot muoh," I answqred, (' and so I cannot, bo much disappointed.", ,, 1 "Woh, yoi| will ' find this- company our- irisingly good. Tho pieces, of oonrsc, cannot o placed on tho etago with tho splendour of London or Paris ; still, thoy aro fairly moun|cd, and tlfo singing is not to bo dos- piBod. Indeed tho basso— tho Duko Alfonso of to- night— is at prosont under ongagomont to London, and in my opinion ho will do no disorcdit to tho boards of Har Majesty's. "But you will bo ablo to judge. for yonrsolf this oroning. I see, by the papers, too, that anew tenor nndortakes Gonnaro, bat I donotcxpoct muoh.from him— tho tono'ris always tho weak point of second and thitd-mto companies." Donizetti's " Luorozia" fs , ovory where . a favourite, and when wo reaohed tho .Opcra- honso in tho evening It was fillod from floor to coiling. Tlio overture was pbyod — tha curtain raised— tho oponing chorus sung — and tho now Gonnaro mode his appearance. Though ovidontly not yoang, ho was slight and nndcrsizcd, and certainly looked more of a stripling than .tho robust yoang woman who played Moffeo Orsini; but his voico was good, and had something in.its tones which awoko a vogue recollection within mo. His loco, too — despite tho tinted chock, tha blackoncd cyobrow, and tho pointed board — struck mo as ono that I hod scon before, and far soma time I vainly triad to romombor where ; but no noonar had tho singbr approached tho footlights and commenced tho ooautiful "Di pcscator' ignohilo" than tho truth camo to ma iko a flash. Tho voleo was Dumarlay's I I looked round at tho Count and saw by his Idee that lio had mado, by tho oyo, that dis- covery which had como to mo through tho car. Yes I— scarcely less BWcct and powerful for the passago of over twenty years, these were tho tones which had mado sach an indoliblo impression upon my memory on that long past night at Monkton-Edgott. My mind trpvpllcd back to that time, and, absorbed In a painful reverie, I heard as in a dream tha increasing applause which greeted each suc cessive effort of "tho now singer. Wonld ha rocogniso tho Count or myself, I wondered ; but no— his eyes, as thoy roved ovor thohouse, rested upon oar party soveral times, and no look or motion betokened that ho know cither of ns. Bat after a tlmo something- occurred which did mako him start. Towards tho end of tho second act there floaneed into tho stalls a party of flaunting, overdressed women, and no sooner did Gcnnaro's glanco alight on them than ho gasped, faltered in his mnsia — and thon wont on again with an evident effort. Directing my glass npon tho group which had caused this emotion, l was startled in my tarn to rccognisa another link batwoen mo and my unfortunate past. Amongst tho impndont painted faces — altered byycarsanddissipation, >y rougo and violet powder, but unmlstakcablo through all— was tho faco of Gtika Nasilo- vitehl That sho lrad— wholly or partially— recog nised Dumariay was evident from tho fixed gaza with which sho regarded him.; Singing or silont, moving about or otanding still, she novcr took hor oyos off him, and so anoom- zonaoio aia no grow nnucr mis saruuny tons his porformanco deteriorated until people be gan to think ii ho was ill. At last, howsvor, tho Hussion rclioved him of her presence by leaving the house, and tho last aot was sang as well as tho first had been. Tho opera samo to. an end; -Gonnaro,' having duly died in groat agony, was cailpd before tho curtain to receive, with hia s'nppo- si-ti- tious mother, a final tribute .of applauso, and thon for tbo first tlmo I thought otlooking at tho play-bill. " Gonnaro— Signor Ciaudio Dimarclli." - ' . " Cloudo Dumariay, Italianised,". I. said to tho Count, as we loft tho theatre. " That re- moves all donbt 1" . " Yos," he replied; "but: I kno.w him tho moment I set oyes on him." "Ho is not the only ghost of tho past that has risen before mo to-night," I said, and was proceeding to speak- of the Hussion woman, whoa tho all-seoing. Count , interrupted mo. Ho had recognised hor as soon as I had. . - "Put theso wretches ont of your mind, my dear Baymond," he said. : " They wore not in' it whon you wont to tho theatre, arid n littla effort will drivo them out again." .Bnt, ovon. as' ho spoko,' and 'as woorossod tho street whioh skirted tho roar of tha Opqra- houBO, wo saw a.denso crowd collected round tfio etago-door,- and soon ; gathered; from tho saraps .of conversation around no that Signor Dimurqlli hod been accosted, npon leaving tho thoatro, by a low. woman, who liad not only olairaed him as an old friend bnt had assaulted him upon his repudiating tha acquaintaneo.' '« Tho, traps is.,takon .'or off: to Chokoy 1" shouted ono delighted gamin to another, and in a few minutes' two constablos made their way through tlio throng,, dragging botwoen thom-strOggUng,' yelling and blaspheming — Glika Nasilovitoh. , : " I . thought as muoh,'' . said tho Count, oa, having scen thom disappear, into tho neigh bouring polioo-ofiico, wo prirsubd our way to tho railway-station, whither Walter and Paola had preceded ns. (To be continued.) 