CHAPTER XXXII. Tom, with Darknoll, still dazed from his fall, re-enter i-r>) ed the housekeeper's room both uttered a cry of surprise. For there, in front of the fire, was seated a woman—the stranger they had just admitted. She had removed her hat and shawl, both soaked with water, and thrown them carelessly aside, had drawn a chair in the very front of the fire, and was drying her feet at the blaze. Very young, but with a face so worn as to render any guess at her exact age uncertain, the stranger sat, with perfect self-composure, warming her thin, small bands. Her long hair had come undone and, all dripping with water as it was, hung in heavy, dark masses about the head and upon the shoulders. Was she handsome? It would be difficult at once to pronounce. The features were regular and delicately cut; but. as we before said, dreadfully worn. Not that there was anything like physical pain, or even mental suffering, in their expression ; on the contrary, a look of intense placidity-— a look of almost stony quietude and resignation—pervaded the whole. A statue of marble—moving, breathing, speaking, but still a marble statue. Stranger still yet! Mrs. Bleek, whose old bones she would say creaked when she moved them from her cushioned chair, was down on her knees removing the eponge-like boots from the visitor's feet—an attention which the other received with a sort of apathetic non chalance, as one accustomed to be eo waited upon. She was neither poorly nor richly clad. A dress, plain in colour and comfortable in texture—that was all. Ornaments of any kind she had none. The stranger never turned even to look at the two men as they entered, but muttered to herself, as she stared down at Mrs, Bleek, still busy with her boots. " It's a wild night to make a long journe3r in; and I have come many, many, many miles!" " It is the voice," said Mrs. Bleek, looking up, and also speaking to her self, " but not the face! Ah, me ! how dim my poor eyes are! It's not the face ! Changed—changed !" " What's the meaning of all this, gaffer ?" whispered Tom. " Meaning ?" — and the old man turned his bead-like eyes upon the lad's curious and astonished face. " That some poor creature has escaped from a lunatic asylum, that's all; and your grandmother seems to me the madder of the two." " I'm afraid the old lady has got a crack."—and Tom touched his fore. head. Then lie added to himself," to morrow morning, first train, sever. a.m., Mr, Brompton's luggage will be at the station, When I came down to Went worth, I didn't bargain for Hanwell." " Stand !';said Darknoll, very sternly crossing to the fire and addressing the housekeeper who, ever obedient to a word of command from hi in, rose to her feet, and drew back in much alarm, leaving the steward facing the woman at the fire. He looked down into the coloutless, impassible face, which gazed up into his, showing no signs of recognition or fear. " What brings you abroad sucjli a night as this, lass ? Where do you come from ?" " I don't know," was the low, half whispered reply, as the stranger went on quietly wringing the rain-drops from her hair. " Where are you going to ?" " Nowhere. I have come home." " It's the same voice, but not the same face !" murmured the forlorn old woman in the background. The steward wheeled round, and re garded her with one of those looks peculiar to himself — a look which nearly caused her to retire altogether into the fire. "Look after your grandmother," said the stewaid, fiercely, to Tom, " or she'll find herself before long in some such a place as this poor creature has escaped from. Be still, can't you, Mrs. B., with your nonsense and tomfoolery, or you'll be shut up in a madhouse— that's what you'll be!" It required no more to effectually shut up Mrs. Bleek. Utterly domina ted by the steward, she subsided at once, and though she never took her dim eyes off the stranger, went back to her chair and chronological studies, ticking off the dates on her fingers. " What's to be done with her ?" whispered Darknoll, alludir.g to the mysterious visitor and glancing fur tively at Tom. "Can't turn her out such a nighi v'Athis." said the latter, "that's gositivrs. make the proper inquiries in the mora inS-" . - — - " Right, lad, ny;hfc..-.tWemiist keep her (ill the morning, pnor tiling ! " The last two pitying words were dragged out betweeit his set teeth, am] there was no music in the tone they spoken in, nor was there any kind in the gleaming eyes riveted oh the stranger. Suddenly the latter turned in (he chair, and her eyes quietly met his. The gaze was calui and almost expres sionless. " Some one spoke of a madhouse just now. Ah, that's a dreary place to live ini 'There's no place like home,' as the song says. You're Benjamin Dark - noll, I think ?" The steward started, shivered, and glanced at Tom, " She knows me, it seems." " Seems she does," said that philoso pher. who, having made up hia mind to what he considered to be the true state of the case, troubled his head no more about it. " P'raps she belongs to the neigh bourhood ?" " P'raps. But we've have no asylums near here." This was solto ^ y&c.; The girl or woman with the wilar^voice and drip ping hair went cm;" they say I know nothing; but I <k. I am not quite so foolish as they allVef m to think. That" —and she suddenta raised her hand and pointed to xbe housekeeper— " that's Mrs. Bleek The housekeeper looked up. " Yes, it's me, dear. Glad to see you back again. Nothing like the old times, you know—nothing like the old times !" and again she went oft, to Tom's infinite disgust, calculating upon her fingers the number of years those " old times " were oft. " She must belong to the neighbour hood," said Tom. " She went into the house straight as an arrow, while I, though the park was nearly as wide as llotten Row, took every laurel. She's a lady too," added Tom—" you can see that at a glance ; and I reckon, having seeen a pretty fair sprinkling of both sorts, I'm ;i judge of the arti cle." " Yes, she's a lady," muttered the old man ; " and, as a lady, should be well cared for. All she wants to-nrght is rest and nourishment. She shall have both. You want rest," he said, approaching the stranger and p^ing his hand lightly upon her shoulder. The shuddered as though the touch were i-epugnant to her; but turned, nevertheless, ar.d looked at him with her tranquil eyes. " Yes ; I have come a long way." Darknoll crossed to where the house keeper was seated. He shook her somewhat roughly by the shoulders ; then looked her stead fastly in the face. There could be no mistake about the influence he exercised ovet her. He bent down his head, atid in one of those carefully-modulated tones 1)6 could so thoroughly command, he said, " yoti will find tbis poor creature a bed for the hight." " Why not ?" began the old woman —" why not, since " She stopped, confused by the steward's snake-Iikc eye. " Well, well—I knew things must all come right when you ana I met in the churchyard long ago." " What room is there ready ?" lie asked, impatiently. " Only Sir Hugh's," she said apolo getieallj't " I am single-handed here, and as I air them by turns, why He stopped her abruptly. It was always necessary to stop Mrs. Bleek abruptly to keep her ideas in the right place. " That room will do. Taice her and place her there. I will myself pre pare her a restoring drink." "Some mulled wine and beat-up egg," cried the . old housekeeper, im mediately brightening up, "with just a little nutmeg." Then lowering her voice and bringing her lips near to Darknoll's ear, she added, with a satis fied smirk, " I know her tastes; she was always fond of that." Benjamin Darknoll, keeping his hand upon her shoulder, swerved.round and glanced at Tom. Much to his relief, that het-o was concocting for himself a stiff glass of whisky and water from a case of de canters that stood on the table. Tom needed keeping up, he thought, and he was keeping himself up accordingly. " The poor thing wants sleep," con tinued Darknoll—" rest. A lady, who ever she is, but cruelly used by the night. See if she will go with you. I will bring you the drink I spoke of; meanwhile, bed is the onU* place for lier now. To-morrow we will find out where she came from." " Where she came from ?" repeated the old woman, like some dismal echo. " Where she came from ?" "Come do you hear ?":\nd the a^niDMiiuiWI' lll-'-'n hv- >J<«. ai-lrL.-0»'l id!e time. It is killing her to keep her here, wet as she is. Get a light and see her well cared for. Nothing can lie done till she has had rest. A nice business this," he muttered to himself, again glancing at Tom ; " and to have occurred just when this sharp young rascal is here! What can have hap pened ? Time however is all that is wanted. They must be on her track." Without a word the stranger, in obedience to the request of the steward, rose at once, and inclining her head slightly as in leave-taking, drew her drenched garments around her, and following the housekeeper, glided, ghost-like, out of the ioom. " Poor creator ■" said Tom, drawing a cha'r to the fire, as tlie old man busied himself about the drink. " And such a pretty creature too! She ans wered ' Gertrude' when I asked her name just now," The steward gave a jump, which nearly upset decanters and glasses, and caused him to spill half the contents of the jug he held inliis hand over the table. "What's the matter?" said Tom, testily, and turning round. " A fellow must have nerves of iron to live here. It's one succession of shocks, like an h'electrical machine." " I've scalded my hand with the boiling water, that's all," replied Dark noll. " Let me help you." A nd Torn was about to rise. "No, no; stay where you are. I understand these things, and will m?ke the drink myself. So she said her name was Gertrude," he continued, keeping his back still turned towards Tom. Did she say anything else ?" " Not a word ; but sighed, and kept on looking into the fire. Beautiful eyes ain't they ? " " I didn't remark them." " She's as mad as a March hair," said Tom. " Any fool could see that," acquie sced the steward. " Gertrude ! " mused Tom. " It's a pretty name. I shall not forget it." It is lucky for Mr. Thomas Bromp ton's peace of mind that his back was still turned towards the old man, or he would have seen such a savage con tortion of countenance, sucli a menac ing movement of the clenohed bony fist in his dircctiou, that for a moment the hunchbacked steward seemed to be converted into a sort of horrible goblin. Tom, in igi.orance of all thi;, went on with his reflections. " bhe certainly knew the house, that is her way into it; and she knew your name and my grandmother's." " iiah! Chance : that's all. And as for the names, they were both men tioned before her. Will you drink any more, as I am going to lock up the decanters 1" " N< " Yofi know your way to your own room"?''-' " Thank yotji" " And there's yout chamber Catidle stick. Good niglit.1' So saying, the steward took up the warm drink he had been concocting in a silver mug, and left the room. "Well," said Tom, as he finished the remainder of his toddy," the next tin\e I takgjan quiting, it won't be in tlic" direction of Wentwortli Abbey. Believe in ghosts ? Well, I don't krioW; but if ever there was one, it was sitting in that chair this very night." And lie pointed to the high-backed, antique chair, lately occupied by the stranger, and which itself loobed vague and spectral in the flickering fire light. rOTa word did the strange visi J tor speak in answer to Mrs. rijv Bleek's random inquiries. She allowed the old housekeeper to remove her wet garments and replace them with dry ones, to arrange her hair, and draw around her still shiver ing form a great warm wrapper. But, this done, she obstinately re fused to quit the great armchair at the bed's head, and drew back from the bed itself ;\t fhst with something like a terrified shudder. " Rest you there then, my bird, if such be your wish, and I'll heap more warm things about you. Like me, I am afearcd, you have been scared by some one, and so we lose trust in ( CtfAPTER XXXIII. all." The faded old woman glanced about I the room as though expecting; to hear I stealthy footsteps moving behind the panelled walls, or to see watchful eyes gleaming at her from behind the heavy folds of the curtained bed. Then she bent down till her lips neafly touched the girl's ear. ' You're not a ghost, I'm sure. Not : one of them shadders which come so often to me in my dfcams ? Ah, me ! jind none comes to me sleeping or •yefrruae, are yotm.,,,, The expressionless eyes were turned upon her for a moment, and a sort of sad smile quivered on the lips, but no I answer came. Deary, deaiy tttc! Old Benjamin js right, and I'm getting more and more foolish everyday. My Miss Ger j trude, that's lost and gone, lies still and cold under the Abbey chinch out yon der. And yet I could tell you Koine thing which can't be all a dream, though old Benjamin says it is; and, O! he's a bad man is Benjy—all the i village says so—and a hard man when bes crossed. Despile his soft-spoken i ways, he's like a tiger, and do go on so, that he shakes all my poor old brains into a muddle." A sharp knocking brought Mrs. Bleak to her feet, and all of a tremble she hurried to the door. It was Dark noil with the restorative drink. " How is she now ?" " Quiet—quiet. She never speaks a word." " All the better. Follow her exam ple. She wants rest; let her have it. 111 come again in the morning. Good night I" and tutfting upon his heel, the steward closed the door, locking them ' both in. This gaoler-like proceeding excited no astonishment on the part of Mrs. Blepk. She was long past being as tonished by anything; but the stranger raised her head quickly as the key grated in the lock, but as quickly the head drooped upon the breast again. " Take some of this drink, my bird. It is warm and good, and will cheer you up." ihiis urged, the stranger again raised her head. " Take some yourself—drink first,' she said. There was something so imperative in the manner, so quick and sharp, that the meek old lady immediately and almost unconsciously obeyed. *' That will do, thank yon. Put it j down. I^will wait a few moments"! She waited not only a few moments, but nearly an hour; and when 9he did rise from the chair Mrs. Bleek whs fast asleep—sound as a church. The stranger paused in the centre of the room, raised both her hands to her head, and pressed her forehead convul sively. " Mad ! inad .' mud !'' she said. " They all say it—all! But memory sometimes comes to me—sometimes ! How did I get here ? That I forget! I remember this l'oom—vaguely— vaguely! 0, why can't I think ? For a moment all seems clear, and then darkness—darkness!" She moved towards the bed and glanced between the curtains. Glanced and, as before, drew back immediately with the same frightened, awe-struck look. To hk Continued. 