THE MERCURY. THURSDAY MORNING, MARCH 9, 1882. HAVING so far discussed on general and public grounds the question of Government aid in opening up the West Coast mineral districts, and in maintaining adequate communication by sea, acknowledged on all hands as the only present means of access, we find ourselves face to face with the special difficulty that presents itself in the action of Ministers who seem more disposed to find excuses for doing nothing than inclined to rise to the responsibilities of their position. We speak in the light let in at the late meeting of the deputation with Ministers. On that occasion the PREMIER lifted the veil ; the public have fre- quently complained that the intentions of the Ministry are shrouded in obscurity, and a few have been ill-natured enough to repeat the old proverb about a certain unmentionable sultry place being paved with a peculiar description of paving-stone. We now know that whatever, doubts may hang over the intentions of the Ministry as a whole, those of Mr. GIBLIN upon one point are clear and decisive. There is some- thing remarkably fresh and pleasing about this ; an ungrateful public unkindly charges Mr. GIBLIN with being too squeezable, and suddenly he recovers his lost character by snapping at them like a strong-backed shark. How is this ? Has his character undergone a change during the recess ? Are recesses, with their attendant jolli- fications during the gay season, conducive to de- termination? Or must we look for some other cause ? After duly considering the matter, we think that when Mr. GIBLIN asserted that a Govern- ment should have nothing to do with the initia- tion of any enterprise, he, having been taken unawares, made a rash statement. The assertion was made by ungarded Mr. GIBLIN ; politic Mr. GIBLIN recollects that special circumstances call for special legislation, but he does not recollect that neither the deputation present at the time of the assertion, nor any other deputation that we know of, advocated a hard and fast rule. The duty of deciding what particular circum- stance is deserving of special legislation is left with the Government, who have been entrusted with that duty by the people. However, Mr. GIBLIN, after generalising, proceeds to particu- larise ; it is not a special circumstance, according to that gentleman's dictum, that a certain number of miners should have discovered valu- able mineral wealth in an almost inaccessible portion of the Colony, or that the only imme- diately available highway to that district happens to be the ocean. " To lay down the theory" (we quote Mr. GIBLIN) "that the Government should initiate such matters was entirely wrong; Govern- ment should have nothing to do with the initiation of any enterprise ; it was not their function to do so ; but under special circumstances, as at the West Coast, they might step out of their proper functions and assist." In short, it would appear to us that Mr. GIBLIN has no desire to interfere with the opening up of the West Coast ; he even hopes that the expectations of those engaged in mining enterprise will be realised, and, if sufficient pressure is brought to bear on him, he will be quite ready to step out of his proper functions and assist. What a poor look out is this ! Never previously in the history of the Colony has a time so opportune offered itself for special legislation, but still more so for special and prompt administration ; it is the very thing we require. What will the public of Tasmania think of the statement of the PREMIER, that the Government have no right to initiate any enterprise ? Do the public expect, after having provided themselves with the machinery of Government to be obliged to work it them- selves ? or, do they not rather wish the Government to exercise their faculties in considering under what special circumstances they ought to deviate from old established precedent ? We should like to know wherein the difference consists between Government expenditure on railways, Government expendi- ture on roads, on bridges, on postal or telegraphic communication, on lighthouses, or on any other public works of acknowledged importance, and the expenditure in the manner proposed. Who can deny the necessity for a connecting link between Heemskirk and tbe more settled dis- tricts of Tasmania? And if that connecting link can be supplied cheaper by using the highway of the ocean in preference to any other means of communication, why contend that the functions of Government are being overstepped, should there be a deviation from rule in one important particular? There was an unmistakeable cynicism about Mr. GIBLIN'S remarks, which were not becoming. He evidently does not believe in the future of Heemskirk, and we might almost be tempted to assert that he has no more favourable opinion of the future of the Colony (judging by his works). "The gentlemen present," said Mr. GIBLIN, " and a great number outside, saw their way to making large emoluments." Do they, indeed ? It ap- pears to us that a greater number see their way at present to parting with their emoluments, in the hopes of deriving some future advantage. We do not suppose for an instant that their hopes are without foundation. On the contrary, as we believe in the opinions of experts, so we have no excuse for disbelieving that the Heemskirk dis- trict will, at no very distant date, be the source of great wealth to the people of Tasmania. There are amongst us competent men who look upon the Mount Heemskirk district as likely to outrival Bischoff, and no person, so far as wo are aware has ever reported unfavourably of the place. But under the most favourable condi- tions, mining is proverbially precarious. How much more is this likely to be the case when hindrances, more numerous and startling than the ghosts in Macbeth, meet us at every turn. We wonder if the PREMIER has heard of the tin mines of Herberton, in Queensland. or of the probability of there being a railway constructed from Port Douglas to that township ? Is he aware that, even at the present moment, those promising but far distant mines are more accessible to Tasmanians than their own West Coast mines ? We should like to know if it is a concatenation of events, or purely fortuitous, that the plans of the survey of the tramway to connect Macquarie Harbour with the Heemskirk mines and the meeting of Parliament will be almost contemporaneous ; and what, may we ask, will be the result ? "If " (we again quote Mr. GIBLIN) " these facts were borne out," that is, if the lodes are proved to be payable, not without, " all found necessary would be done before, the meeting of Parliament," Now we venture to assert that it is absolutely impossible to prove the payable nature of the tin lodes at Heemskirk in the short space of three months. We have the greatest confidence in the vicinity, but that is not development, and if the PREMIER intends to wait until lode mining is proved payable, and then to go to the mining community with offers of assistance, we fear he will be too late. The public are deriving wisdom from experi- ence. They are beginning to observe that a country is like a garden ; if they do not wish to see it become a wilderness they must spend money in keeping it in order ; and above all it is necessary to have a road leading into it. We believe that even Mr. GIBLIN will admit that the people, by and through their representatives, have the power of expending the money raised by taxation in the way they deem best. Of course, if there are no funds there can be no ex- penditure ; but, if Ministers cannot be induced to take action sooner, given the money and the inclination of the people, there can be no reason why, in the course of six months from the meeting of the next Parliament, there should not be perfect and regular communica- tion between Mount Hesmskirk and the settled districts, as indeed we think there would have been before this, but for an unfortunate jealousy which at one time existed in some of the Northern constituencies, and which we think our PREMIER mistook for an unchangeable popular idea. We are inclined to think that could a vote be taken, as we trust it soon will be, on the subject of West Coast communica- tion in the only feasible manner, there would be a consensus of opinion in favour of such a scheme which the hesitating Mr. GIBLIN would accept as his rule of conduct. TASMANIAN UNION LODGE.-At the regular monthly mcetingof the Tasmanian Union Lodge, No. 530, E.O., the toastof Her Majesty the Queen was given by the Chairman (Mr. F. H. Wise), and was received with tho utmost enthusiasm. Previous to the conclu- sion of the meeting the National Anthem was sung with great heartiness, the recent attempt to take lier Majesty's lifo having aroused to the full the sentiments of loyalty to her person and throne in the hearts of those present, loyalty being a leading principle among Freemasons. FRANKLIN ELECTORATE.-We hear that in view of the approaching dissolution of Parliament, a re- quisition is in course of Signature, asking Mr. Bird to stand for this seat, and so general are the assur- ances of support that his return may be looked upon as certain. According to our information, it is most unlikely there will be any opposition, Efforts have before been made to induce a local man to stand, without success, and now that one of Mr. Bird's ability has consented to place his services at the disposal of the electors, all classes all uniting to secure his return. CRIMINAL SESSIONS.-The ease of John Jones, of Hobart, on a charge of having maliciously and un- lawfully wounded one Wm. Leeming, was yesterday heard before His Honor Mr. Justice Dobson, and a verdict of not guilty returned. ' The case of laroeny against George Mitchell, of Hobart, was withdrawn. Crry POLICE COURT.-The Police Magistrate pre- sided at this Court yesterday. Three men, for drunkenness, were eaoh fined 5a., or, in default of fiayment, to be imprisoned for soven days. For a ike offence a woman was fined 10s. Gd., with the alternative of 14 days' imprisonment, it being her second offence within 90 days. Henry Hall was summoned by Superintendent Pedder for insulting behaviour to passers-by, in Liverpool-street, on the 25th ult. Pleading gnilty, ho was fined Ss. and costs, or, in defanlt, seven days' imprisonment. TASMANIAN ' PUBLIC LIBRARY.-The following works have been recently added to the library : " Practical Microscopy," by Geo, E. Davis ; "Every Man His Own Mechanic," 'The Illustrated Book of the Dog," "America,aHiatory,"by Robt. McKenzie; "Great Movements, and Those* Who Have Made Them," "Every Day Life in Our Public Schoolü," "Crecy to Assaye," by H. R. Clinton; "The Life and ISpisoopate of G. A, Selwyn, D.D.," "Christian Institutions," by Dean Stanley ; " Elementary Treatise on Eleotrloity," by J. C. Maxwell, M.A.; " The Electorate and the Legislature," by S. Walpole ; " Central Government," by H. D. Traill ; " Easy Star LessonB," by R. A. Proctor ; " Phrenology Made Practical," by F. Bridges ; "Elementary Lessons in Agricultural Practice," "Novels and Talcs of the Earl of Beaconsfield," and Metals, a weekly publication. NEW MAURITIUS JOURNAL -We have received a copy of tho Mercliants and Planters Gazette, a paper whose first number «as issued at Port Loo is, Mauritius, on January 19. Tho journal is half io English and half in French, contains a good selection of news, and is very creditably got up. A special edition for the overland mail Is also issued, in which an excellent summary of intelligence for Home readers is published. PUBLICATION.-We have received tho March nnipber of the Australian Christian Watcliman. Prominent reference is made to the Protestant Standard episode at Hobart, and the editor remarks : "As the Pablid Library belongs to the whole com- munity, every section of it is entitled to represen- tation in journalistic literature, provided it phooecs to assert the right ; besides, ¡it is not the provjneo of a librarian, who is a servant of the public, and amenable to a board of trustees, to say what book or paper shall be received or what shall not." It is certainly a brilliant discovery that a Protestant journal should be ejected from a publio library for the violence of its language against Romanism, when it is well known that the most scurrilous and abusive papera in the world are those conducted by * the holy Mether Church.' " The existence of two rival Catholic Standards at Hobart is also adverted to in the monthly topics, and the query puti " Which is the representative of true Catholicism the Bishop's paper, or the Pope's ? And in case they should differ, which must be accepted as in- fallible V The contributions are varied, and the editorial columns oontain an artiole on the history and prospects of the cause in Hobart, A TASMANIAN SCHOLAR.-At a recent meeting of the Wesley College Committee) in Melbourne, the President, Dr. Waugh, announced that Mr. George W. Waterhouse, B.A., 23rd wrangler, 1878, scholar and prizeman of Christ's Chnroh, Cambridge, bad been engaged as mathematical master, Mr. Waterhouse took a Tasmanian Scholarship in the year 1873. A GROWL FROM OATLANDS.-A correspondent, while willingly assenting to an increase of salary, desires to suggest, through the columns of the Press, that the Clerk to the Oatlands Council might with advantage adopt a more courteous demeanour in the discbsrge of his duties. This mention of the matter will probably suffice as well as the publica- tion of the letter. , j -TOT MATCH,', NORTH V. SOUTH.-The names of 1 the players who will represent North Tasmania in i the cricket match, to be played on Friday and ,Saturday, between North and South, -are:-H. , I Watson, J. M. Martin, G. Arthur, Wra. Side« bottom, L, Sams. B. Sams, E. Loess, E. Sims, Wm, Martin, wTÖelnaa, and G. OJVouOta, The Nortbsni.ninr^w^beto.ftB^Ur^^ ; New NORFOLK ASYLUM.-The Commissioners held their monthly meeting on Tuesday, when the resignations of Mr. H. G. Astle, senior keeper, Mr. D. Morrison, gatekeeper, and Mr. J. Matthews, master shoemaker, were accepted. Mr. G. Hill, one of the under-keepers, was recommended to the Government to fill Mr. Astle's position, and Mr. T. Cooper, messenger, to fill Mr. Hill's position., Mr. Smales, the clerk and storekeeper, has ob- tained permission to have his son to help him in his duties, on account' of failing health, and he in- formed the Commissioners that he contemplated leaving at the end of the year, or retiring on his pension. SOUTHERN TASMANIAN RIFLE ASSOCIATION -The commute« nut last owning, Cupf. liohlui, of the Artillery Corps, in the chair. Colonel Augeln's oller of the silver cup, prtsonted by Sir J. H. Lefroy, for tho use of tho association, was read, and accepted. Mr. Wm. Frenoy was elected a member for 18S2. Mr. Schaodel's offer tu havo a tent for refreshments on tho ground Was approved. Chairs, etc., for the committee's marquee were arranged for, as also a flag. The oommittee have approved of tho suggestion of the Match Committee, that the competitors lire right through at each rango. His Excellency is to bo asked to present his aud the other prizes to'the winuers at the closo of tho match. The prizes which tho committee have decided to givo for the champion matoh aro as follow : (1), His Excolloncy's £5 Gs, and tho gidd modal ; (2), £3} <3), £2 ; (t), £1 10i.; (8), £1 5..; (0), £1 53.; (7), £1; (8), £1 ; (fl), C1. THEATRE ROYAL.-The chief item on the pro- gramme last night was a play denominated The Old Love and the New. The piece, of which the scene is laid in London, is without merit, and went tamely, although Miss Carry Nelson and the com- pany did their utmost to impart life and effect to it. We believe this is the first time the play has been presented here, and it may be briefly summed up as a badly told story of unfortunate loves and ill-assorted marriages ; with pathos and burlesque thrown in higgledy-piggledy. Miss Carry Nelson made a lively and amusing Patty, an unlovable young party, who does most of the burlesque and Miss Carry George sustained the part of Clara, a nice young lady, who does most of the pathetic. Mr. W. Carle was sufficiently smart and go-ahead as the Yankee Phipps, a gentleman in the burlesque silk line ; and Mr. H. Flynn had an adequate supply of sentiment as Hudson, a banker, rich in pathetics, who marries Clara, and makes her miserable, but with the best intentions. Mr. Miller, as Franklin, father of Clara, had to do the deceitful- villain business, being a hoary-headed sinner who practically sells his daughter for lucre. Miss Ada Grantleigh bore the part of the lachrymose Eliza, sister of Franklin, and looked sufficiently uncomfortable. A spice of tragedy is thrown in by an unreasonable and irascible young lieutenant named Leonard Hastings (Mr. J. A. Patterson), and an amatory and revengeful French Count (Mr. N. Griffiths), of whom only the former is killed, He has been an old lover of Clara's, and tries to induce her to desert her husband and elope with him. After the lady has rejected his dishonourable proposals, the Count insults him, and then slays him in duel in a highly moral manner—the Frenchman having, by the way, also been guilty of offering love to his friend Hudson's wife. The audience hear a great deal from Patty about "her old man Brown," and " Brown No. 2," but the former lives and dies off the stage, and the latter is very humourously supposed to be tumbling out of bed at intervals during the play. The widow Patty engages herself to the American Phipps, and to the astonishment of the audience explains that they are ''the new love," and that John ifudfjon and bis wifo aro "tho old." Then the curtain falls, The musics} burlßtta, Ï7|c Laa\i of tj Laver, followed, and evoked a good deal pf laughter, ,. Tbo scene Is laid in Holland, and the piece shows how a bright- witted servant girl wins a stupid farmor for a husband. Miss Garry Kelson was spirited and morry as tho servant maid Gertrude, and rendered tier songs tunefully, and so as to gaiu hearty applause. Mr. JJ. Ryan was commondabl dnll;witted as ¡Poter. Spyk , the farmer. The. other ' members of the company d¡4 »hat little was demanded of them well, Tho same programme will be'repeated this evening. RECITATIONS FROM MEMORT BY MR. DEWHURST.— The Town Hall was filled with a large and fashion- able assemblage last night, on the occasion of the last appearance of the omiqont ti asedian arjd elocu outioniet, Mr. J.'Dewhurst, when he favoured the audience with tho recital from memory of sclcctiouB feom Shakspeate, Tonpyson, liopd, etc. As an elocutionist Mr. Dewhurst has few equals, and in England, as such, he haB always been warmly, re- ceived and appreciated. _ Last night his'audi- ence was agreeably surprised, and woro favoured with a treat, which thuy most thoroughly on < joyed, Mr. Dowhuist's best effort was un- doubtedly his rendition of " The Bolls," Edgar Alian 'Poe's great poem. Full, rioh, and mollow, his voice filled the hall with a sonorous melody as ho rolled forth tho beautiful liuej of this much-admired poem. The fecliug and pathos which he threw into this recitation took tho audieuoo by surprise, and during its recital tho applause was frequent and loud. The "Closet Scene," from Hamlet, was also ably rendered, as was "The Charge of the Light Brigade," and " The May Queen," Fourteen different pieces did Mr. Dew- hurst recite. Each was different from the other in oharaoter, and each was rendered in a style whioh could not bo escBlled by Leo, Ross, Talbot, or Bellew. We trust that ere long we may be favoured once again with Mr. Dewhursts presence here, when perhaps Shakspearian pieces may be bettor appreciated, WILKELMJ CONCEBT,-Herr Wilholmj, assisted by Mr. Max Vogrioh and Miss Marie Qonron, appear for the last time in Hobart this evoning. The con- cert is under the patronage of His Excellency the Governor, who lias signified h¡B intention of being present. The programme arranged is both novel and attractive, and as this is the last opportunity Tasmanian will have of hearing tbeso celebrated musicians, no doubt large numbers will take advan- tage of it. MR. FREO. MACCABE.-This popularentertainer ) it is difficult to find a name precisely appropriate to his singular and yaried performapee-W)U make his [ bow to the Hobait public on Monday evening, at the Town Hall. . - The performance is desoribod in \- tho bills 'as " a voca1, ventriloquia], musiual, and t sartorial melange," aud is also referred, to as a r "monologue entertainment, entitled 'Begone dull , care.' " It seems that Mr. Maccabe gives songs and . personations, in which many changes of voice, figure, r face, and costumo ooour, and the rapidity and \- eompletness with whioh tbo3o transformations are k effected constitute the wondor of tbo entertain , mont. His performance is said to have been highly . appreciated in Sydney and Melbonrne, and will no . doubt prove equally attractive to the public of . Hobart. THE WORKING MEN'S CLUB.-Tho newly erected 1 billiardroom, in connection with the Working Men's Club, waa opened last evening. The room, which , is attached to the old brilliardroom, bas been bnilt ' upon tho former skittle alley, and js a square, well ventilated apartment, 29ft. by '30ft. The architect \- was Mr, John "Rait, and the builder! Mr, Martin, the estimated cost of the building being £220 when | completely finished, One of Turner and Price's billiard tables has been imported for the club by the 'Vice-president, Mr. P. 0. Fysh, at a ooBt of £75, and promises to 1)0 an excellent and fast table. On the occasion of tho opening the officers were invited to ho present, and during tbo evening the rooms wero well filled by members. The first game played on tho table was a four-band one by Mr. P. O. Fysh and Mr. Fysh, jun." against Messrs. Stovens and Thompson, the latter winning. A repast waa laid out in one of the club rooms, where, during the evening, those present partook of tho refreshments with an appetite that testified to thoir good quality. FRIENDLY SOCIETIES _ DEMONSTRATION.- The representatives of the various friendly societies in Hobart, mot in tho Tasmanian Star District Chambers last evening, P G.M. Mcech in the chair. The meetipg waa held in responso to a circular from the secretary of the district, to consider the advisa- bility of holding a frieudly societies demonstration. The meeting was a thoroughly representative one, and after the matter had been fully discussed, it was decided to holding a demonstration, the dato of which will be fixed hereafter, A vote of tbankB having been accorded to the chairman, tho meeting adjourned for a fortnight. I CHALMERS' FREE CHURCH.-The Chalmers' Free Church annual tea meeting was held last evening in I the sohoolroom, which had been specially decorated ' with ferns and flowers for the occasion. Thero was a largo attendance of members of the church at the meeting, and the excellent fare provided by the ladies' committee was done full justice to. After the tea had been cleared away, the Rpy. ijfoolaren Webster, pastor of the church, read the report' of the work done in connection with it during the past year, Mr. W. Murray then read the balance Bheet of the Obnrch and Sunday school, and Mr. T. L. Hood reported in connection with the Sunday school. The reports and balance-sheet were adopted, on the motion i of Mr, T. T, Watt, seconded by Mr. Paton, Mr. Hood then spoke on the subject of school work, and Mr, Mac- farlane gave an account of the home mission work. Colonel Angelo gave an interesting account of the Bible Class, and the Rev. Mr. Fraser the newly appointed missionary to the New Hebrides, also addressed the meeting. A branch society of the New Hebrides mission waa established, and a committee was appointed to carry out the various arrangements in oonneotion with it. The usual votes of thanks closed the meeting. MACKEREL -It has frequently been noticed that at certain intervals the small species of fish known as mackerel swarm the river, in the vicinity of the wharves. It was the case yesterday, and crowds of men and boys might have been seen surrounding the piers and wharves, busy with their rods and lines, hauling np the fish in great quantities, The ardent fishermen include children of quite tender ages, and it is a wonder that many of them do not fall over- board, so eager do they get whilst hooking the sprats. One accident occurred yesterday, a child named Low, about eight years of age, who was fishing from underneath the Dunn-street pier, falling into the water. Happily, a youth named lkin, son of Mr. Wm. Ikin, Old Wharf, who was standing on the pier, heard the splash, and at once went to the child's rescue, saving him before he sank. HOBART COFFEE PALACE. - The prospectus of the Hobart Coffee Palace Co., to which reference has previously been made on several occasions, is pub- lished in this morning's issue. The capital of the company is to be £20,000, in £1 shares, It will be seen that the provisional committee is large and influential, and considering the great success which has attended similar undertakings elsewhere, it is practically certain that the company will be launched without difficulty, and that within a reasonable length of time the coffee palace will be fully established as a Hobart institution. THE NEGLECTED CHILD. - A correspondent writes :-" The paragraph in to-day's issue scarcely meets the justice of the case, which is in every puiut of view a difficult matter to deal with. I have watched tho lad for some months, and onco or twico questioned him. His statemout wea always tho same, ami apparently quite true. I novcr heard him say au unkind word of his "granny,1' or H{H iik rudely. Ile has accounted for his absenco from behool by saying ho had been part of the day without food, and must get Bomo. The old lady hag no claim on tbo Benevolent Society, and per- haps tho lad's ration dors not go far. In appear unco tho poor follow is cither of weak intellect, or falls into rough ussge somewhere. It would be a saving to the country in the long run if the sooiety would give the old lady the ration on condition of the boy being surrendered to the Boys' Home for four years. The father, if I remember rightly, was drowned off the old barque Southern Cross." TAMAR ItEOATrA.-A well-attended meeting of the Tamar Regatta Committee was hold on Tuesday evening. Tbo number of entries received wero as follow i-Derby Scullers, d ; Mumm Champagne Oap, npen.to-all, 4 ; Ladies' Purse, 3 ; Youths under l8, 14; Strahan Sculls, mercantile u'matenrB, 3; Derby, in fours, 5 ; Cornwall Brewery Cup, first class yacht I'.UO, 4 ; lliudioap Sailing Kaoo, 7 ; Tradesmen's Puiso, upon.to-ajl jn fojjrq, 3 ¡ Mayor AudAldorraou's i'crso, rajrcautila amateurs, in pairs, 3 ; Minera' purse, open-to scriptions wera reported to bo good, and the aggre- gate primea offered amount to £200, which is con- siderably moro than last year, besides trophies, whioh are not so numerous as last year. Of the visiting competitors, Clark, as already mentioned, arrived from Alclbouruo ou Saturday ; the Ladies' Purse crow from Hobart (both the othem being Liunpcston çrewel haye arrived, vis., ïVsaroe, Stuart, V^alchorn, Sharland, and Lovett (coxswain). Of the opou.to-all Hobart competitors, Jack has arrived, anil Ooyen (2) and L. Macquarie como up to-day. Tho Hobart men compete in seven events, and havo brought up four pulling boats, but great regret is expressed at tho yacht Nova rißt arriving, a« ¡t was fully e$neot6d s'ße Vf quid be,, sen.l. ííaiinlncr, ' ' '' TASSIANIAN SALMON.-A lively controversy has been going op lately in an evening paper regarding the acclimatisation of salmon in the antipodes, A Mr. Ffennell has taken upon himself to question facts which are generally accepted in Tasmania and Australia, that the varions kinds of salmon are breeding and generally flourishing in many antipo- dean waters. He doubts the success achieved by Mr, Youl, C.M.G., in his efforts ta introduce the ova, and is incredulous, even in the face of such evidence as that of catching, eating, and enjoying the fish. The matter has now been pretty deci- sively disposed of by a writer who, as a member of the Victorian Acclimatisation Society, knows what he is talking about. The latter quotes numerous cases in which the salmon, as well as salmon trout in various stages of growth, have been taken, and he states it as his ?e??berate conviction that the fish has multiplied exceedingly in Australian waters. He thinks that Mr. Ffennell's main argument against its existence—the rarity with which it is encountered—can be explained easily, so far as Tas- mania is concerned. The colony is thinly populated; the Derwent is so greatly encumbered in its upper water by snags and fallen timber, that the fish prospers at the expense of fishermen ; angling is but little followed as a pastime ; and, lastly, the catch- ing of salmon is forbidden by Tasmanian law. Tho last reason is as convincing as the eighty- eighth reason far not firing a salute ; viz., that there was no powder.—Home News. The final concert of the Wilbelmj serios, at which His Excellency the Governor will be present, will be given in the Town Hall this evening. Buckley and IJully's Pleasure Pqrty ero. annoimoed ro open at the Tasmanian Hall this evening,1 and will, np doubt, attiact a large audience. , Performing members of tho Orchestral Union are informed that there will bo no rehearsal this evening, PW.iqg to the fact that the final Wilhelm] concert takes placo to-night. . A return oompllmentury tea meeting and concert will be given to the seamen of the warships, at the Memorial Hall, this evening, by the United Tem- perance Societies. Mr Samuel Carter will preach nt the People's Hall at half-past 7 to-night and to morrow night. " The Hibernian Society will hold a concert and ball, in St. Peter's Hall, on St. Patrick's night. The Attorney-General has appointed April 26 as the day for hearing applications for letters patent, for inventions mentioned in the notices advertised. It is intimated that the Bports, wbioh had boen pro- jected for St. Patricks Day by the St. Patriok's. and H.A.C.B. sooiotlea, have been abandoned. Tbo Registrar of the Benevolent Society acknow- ledges tho reoelpt of £5 from " A Friend."| The West Hobart Ratepayers' Association will meet at the Marquis of Hastings Hotel, at 7.30, this evening. 