MR. BURNETT'S NINE DAYS' MISSION TO KAPUNDA. TO TUB EDITOR. Dear Sir,—For some time past I desired to visit Kapunda in the interests of temperance and religion, but owing to the great pressure of work elsewhere, I was prevented doing so until quite recently. The Baptist Church was placed at my disposal. On Friday, October (j, I arrived at Kapunda from Morgan and received a warm welcome from the committee. In the evening I opened the mission, and .spoke to a very large congregation on the absolute necessity of all workers beiii'j baptized with the Hoiv Ghost. The pastor of the church. Mr. Ashton. Rev. A. T. Glasson, and Hon. James Pearce, M.L.C., took part in the service. The Saturday night was. as usual, devoted to temperance work. The torchlight procession was one of the largest I have witnessed in Smith Australia : no less than sixty torches were lighted. The Military Band rendered us valuable service. The reception meeting was held in the Institute Hal], which proved total! v inadequate to accommodate the people. His Worship the Mayor, Mr. Cameron, J.P., presided, and delivered a speech, which left no doubt in the mind as to his thorough sympathy, as chief magistrate, with the temperance movement. After a few words of welcome from the local ministers, I gave my reasons for advocating the temperance question, 103 signed for the first time, including some of the worst casus of confirmed inebriates; 150 received the badge. In the next issue of the local paper a first-class report appeared of the meeting, but the public were alsq, informed, that, " as far as could be seen, the great majority of those who signed were either children or Good Templars." The writer further informed the public, that he had it on good authority that " several persons signed as often as four or five times, receiving a jadge each time ;" and further, that "of those who signed, some were shortly after to be seen evidently the worse for drink." In justice to the local press and the general public on the one hand, and mv own mission, which, Mr. Editor, has been before the entire province for upwards of three years, I demanded a searching investigation into the matter. Several well-known gentlemen went carefully over the lists with the following results:—Out of 108 names received at the Hall only five had signed before, two were Juvenile Recliabites, one member of a Band of Hope from the country, who signed to induce a friend; also a boy, who signed twice, and one informal; thirty-nine were under fifteen years of age, thirty were under twenty, whilst above twenty years of age there were thirty-four, giving an average all round of eighteen years of age. For some years past no Good Templars' Lodge has existed ill Kapunda. Up to date no one has come forward and corroborated the statement relative to those who were said to have got intoxicated. On Sabbath afternoon, October 8,1 addressed the officers, teachers, and scholars of five Sabbath-schools. In the after-meeting, numbers of the lambs of Christ's flock obtained peace with God. The services were held each evening up to Sabbath, the loth, m the Baptist Church, preparatory to which a united band of vocalists sung the Gospel to crowds of people in front of the church, where I delivered a series of addresses, " Can the masses be reached, and how ?" Mid- day prayer meetings were held daily. On Friday afternoon, the 13th, Mrs. Burnett gave a Bible reading to Christians and new converts. The attendance at the meetings daily increased. After each evening's address we conversed with anxious souls in the deacon's vestry. This is our joy and consolation, that upwards of severity have given in their names in a week as having found the Saviour. These represent scholars in the various Sabbath-schools, young men and women, others in middle life, also several interesting cases of persons who were first rescued from the vortex of intemperance, who are nonsitting at the feet of Jesus. Saturday last was a memorable dav in Kapunda. At 0 p.m. I conducted a nicetiug for children in the Institute Hall, on "Young Australia ;" fiftyseven signed the pledge. At 7.15 p.m. we had out-dour demonstration and mass meeting, followed by another enthusiastic meeting in the hall, which was again crowded. The Rev. W. O. Ashton presided at both indoor meetings. The Rev. A. T. Glasson and Mr. Elliott, J.P., of the Herald, took part in the meeting. The latter gentleman stated, though he might take exception to some of our modes and methods, yet he thoroughly sympathised with the great object attained, and wished us every success. After my address, on " Pictures from Real Life," 120 persons voluntarily signed the pledge. In addition to those who signed on sheets, no less than 220 were induced to sign during the week on workers' cards; one young man had ou his card fifty-eight names, representing'children of leading citizens. At 11 p.m. Mrs. Burnett and her helpers informed me that they had given 500 cards to those who had signed, the result of two meetings ; just the number I asked for. I invested <!00 with the badge. The announcement elicited loud and continuous applause. During our stay in Kapunda we heard frequent references to the earnest labors of my friends, the Rev. John McNeil and Mrs. Baeyertz. The fruit of their work is to be found to-day in every part of the town and district. This week we devote to Hallett and Yacka district. On Saturday, the 21st., we return to Kooringa (our third visit), where we spend five days, and then revisit Kapunda to take part in religious and temperance work. For several days past I have prosecuted my work midst great physical weakness, which, I fear, will preclude the possibility of my original programme being carried out, i.e., to devote the 'last fortnight in November to a farewell series of meetings in the city and^ suburbs. It is my intention, however, about the middle of November, after I'have finished my provincial tour, to have one or more mass meetings, to meet many old friends and enlist fresh recruits in the temperance army. Will your readers daily remember me in their prayers before God, that my last efforts may be attended with the rich benediction of our Heavenly Father, that very many may be rescued from drink and sin ? Yours, dear Sir, faitlifullv, Hallett, Oct. 17, 1882. MATTHEW BURNETT. 