Esit5 allb_ 'ktr1Je5. ' "RSTER'S" DOWER ." " Here comes Jeremiah Razee, I'll just ruan and ask him to ta.kthe. vro the vii hLge, f it ready, -tester." - So saying, . Bnrrill rushed out bare headed to the road, stopped the farmer ashe came along in his market wag n, and ex plained to;him that. Mr. Buiill was busy with all the men, and if the yarnwas not taken to the wearers soon, Patience and Wait would have no dresses ready for winter. As she ciatted on, Hester Arnold came out of the house, and brought two large bundles, which she handed with an ungracious air to Mr. Razee, who said he would leave them with John Mowir, the weaver. "Tell him," said Mrs. Burrill, "to weave one piece all blue, an' have the wrap red an' the fillin' blue in the other." "I guess I'll remember," said Mr. Ranee, stowing away the bandles, and adding, as he leaned over the waggon seat, with his face turned front her. " How do ye do, Heater Stayin' with Mis' Barrlli" " Yes' answered Heater, shortly. "Shubael's kinder poorly;" pursued the farmer, with apparent irrelevancy. "It's dretful onconvenient, his bein' sick jet now; but, somehow, Shuabel never was handy at choosin' the right tinie' for doin' anything." Hester fluashed angrily; the farmer smiled grimly, and went.on: '_Taint near so bad as havin Jabe: sick would ha' been; but then Jabea wouldn't ha' been sick afore the fall work was done" "I sent word," said Mrs.f Brrill, "to Shubael, this mornin', to come here an' make us all some shoes, as soon as he could. Otis got in the leather last week." "Oh, I-guesa he's well enough to do that now," said Mr. Razee, thoughtfully.. "I'll see that he comes round to-morrow." Heater Arnold was the tailorss from the villige. She iras i atriglit, tall, dark, hand some woman.of .thirty-five. Just pow an angry light glittered in her eyes. She knew. what- Farmer Razee. meant by saying that Shubael had never chosen the right time to do anything.' She remembered very well the day, lifteen years before, when Shubsel had' asked her to marry him, and she, furious from" some' quarrel with Jeremiah, who also courtiet her, had refused the man she had loved ever since she had fought childish battles for him. Shubael had no energy, and when Hester, his sole moral. support, the only person ecePt his mother whohad ever believed in him, fell away from him angrily, he was utterly downcast, and sank at once into' the character he" had ever since main tainie of a harmless ne'er-do-welL Heater long hoped he would come back to her, but he never' had the courage. Jabez never married. Jeremiah, after fester had refused him, straightwaytook a wife, who toiled for him several years, and then died childless- a desert life thit left no trace I .Shhabel helped to do farm work, made shoes at odd times, and, solaced his dreary days by writ ing doggeirel verses, which, when written, he hid carefully from the scornful eyes of his brothers. Next afternoon, while Hester :and Mrs. Burrill's children were gathering autumn leaves, they heard the rumbling of a waggon, and Heater looked np to see Jeremiah Rame driving along the road. On the seat beside his sat Shabsel To her surprise Jeremiah drew up his horse viol?intly at sight of her, and descended to the ground, throwing the reins to Shutabl, who took them without' lifting his eyes.: As Jeremiah walked towards Hester, she started afary, feeling defiant and alarmed, but he stopped her. " Heater," said he in a low.tone,."' yon may tell Mis' Barrill I took her yarn an' gin her mesage all straight. We're on our way now to the village. I want to git my tire reset,.an' Shubael has broke o his best awl, an' must gett another ef he's goin' to make shoes." Heater, perceived a slight embarrassment in the farmer's manner, and grew cooL- She answered in loud, clear tones, which the shamefaced man in the waggon could not fail to bhear: " I really haven't the least desire to know why' you're goin' to the village, Mr. Razue. I never was particularly interested in your movements, you know; and I can't say thi I iam very much concerned-aboutShubael'a awl neither, as he don't even take pains to speak tome." Shabsel raised his head at this, and some-. thing like. a manly gleam came into his dull "I don't speak.to you now,Hester,"h?e said, "' bt I will when Jeremiah has hd his S'Hold.~our tongue l" shouted Jeremiah, and poor bhubael coweid ia little. Hester wa. ?ertainly made of strange staff that her heart did not.grow cold-to the timid man, but there are some women td.whom love is iketdeath' Oneo struck by it; nothing cares "I don't see the need of anybody's saying anythngi"aid she, inconsequently. "But I"dol" growled Jeremiah, coming doiertD her. 'I irwant a few things settled afore Shubsel goes to Mis' Burrill's to make them. shoes. Be you ready to listen to me, at last! You know as well as I do that I haint.ben shifless nor behindhand in my affsiirs,an' .you couldn't do better. An' so the. long an short of it is, will you marry me . Ihain't nothin' to say agin my wife she was a good woman an' a good worker, but you know that I never see the woman that I thought fit to hold a candle to you." Heater wickedly let him go on with his de claration till he brought it to a full atop him self. She had a fierce delight in the moment. His agitation and the unseemly manner of his proposal showed her that he feared to have Shubael go to Mrs. Burrill's while she was there. Perhaps they had had words about her I Jeremiah's fear shot hope into Heater's heart. She soke again in a loud, clear tone: "' r. Razee; you had my answer lone aromauaoted-toward i'e.-, as it he would stop her sornful month, but she laughed bitterly in his face. He grew very white, and stood still, looking at her. Sh bal, at this moment, so rae n, , "- held out his hand. "rm onlys broken-down man," he choked, "bet-will you have me ?" She silently laid her hand in his. I'The elder brother jumped into his waggon, struck the horse heavy blows, and drove away. As the waggon rattled over the brow of he adjacent hill, IHester and Shuhael turped to see the two little girls taring wide eyed, frightened and amazed. ".Never inind that old fellow," said Hester with a trembling laugh, "and let's pick up the oak leaves for Patience and Wait, jut as we.nsed to when we were no bigger 'n they, Shubael" So these two were en"aed, to the astonish ment of the eountryfol1, and Jeremiah's wrath wared ever greater as the days went by. The Burrill children reported all they had comprehended of the strange scene they had witnessed, so thatit easo tob generally understood that Heater had refusedJerrnisia in the presence of his brother. Some jeering speeches about it were made to the old farmer, who swore that hlie woull yet take his revenge on the woman. These threats were reported by Mose Almya wife-Mose Almy, the most shliftles man in the village -but Hester only laughed in downright contemptl; a laugh of which, in turn, old Ranize was told, and his evil passion blazed The lovers were married five weeks after their engagement. They hired a house with oee Almy, and set up t??isumble home. The winter wore happily away. The luck les Moses and the helpless Shubael took kindly to each other. Hester did her own work, adttri8ToihToaiis 'a&iderlinWtleh; proceedings of the Almy half of the house. She still took in sewing, but also laid up .?eta -.o?ei sold wealth, for her to; be woven. She was not a demonstrative woman, but the shoemaker whom she served ini such a wifely way was nevertheless a liv. ing poem to her. His gentle manner, his pathetically feeble fancies, embodied for her all that was beautiful and lovable under heaven, while she seemed to him wholly ador able in her strength and potency. When spring came, Hester withdrew her money from the village bank-and gave it to Shubael, bidding him buy a lot of land and straightway begin to build a house. He stared blankly at her, as she put the savings of years into his hands. She laughed happily, and said, " That's the one thing that keeps me from ben' sorry I didn't marry youwhen you asked me first. If I had, I should never ha]e had anything to give you" At this tender speech, the Yankee shyness ofi the huriand melted, and he kissed his wife. He had long before spent his paternal inheritance, and before his marrige had liied with his brothers, a mere day-laborer oit their land. Now some homesick instinct prnmpted him, and he bought of them a coiner of the old farm on which to erect his hrimble dwelling. It was a very little house, bait in the fall Hester and her husband moved into it with unmixed pride and satisfaction. There they spent six contented months, and thbn the shoemaker fell ilL It was spring fe er, the wife aid, as ahe nursed him ; bat sping piased; June cames, and he grewno better, till at last. hitter truth frmed itself into herconscion~ness with that unrelenting p"iistency with which bitter truths will in When the July heat was fiercest, Shbhael saak rapidly. "I guess," he said one'day, gasping in the hot air that burned his throat -' guess heaven 'll be cooler than this 'ere world, and maybe it'll suit me better, some hodw-maybe it wilL I was allas a round Spg in a square hole here, Hester, except for yu;" and his faint, spiritmlined smile con. cved his tender gratitude for the love that hid '"sited " his latter days so wel In a moment he spoke again, while the dark, hindsome woman hung over him with yearn in~ eyes. "I guess,.Hester," he said, "I sha'n't find nothin'-in heaven that I'll'like better'n I've liked yon. Solhopeyou won't kiep me waitin' long." "I'od with- you, if I could," she whiserd 'en," he maid, smiliug feebly again. " You'd make it seem more home-like among Iall the hanehl an' the jwels an' the mainm" When the'cool of the evening came merci. fully down, Hestera?talone by her husband'a body. Four days after the funeral Jeremiah Rase knocked loudly at the widow's door. Hester opened it herself, and turned her hsard eyes on the farmer's face. Since her marriage, neither he nor. Jabez had come near her. They had not even attended poor Shubsel's funeral" " Why do you come now?" sasked she.. ,The farmer smiled with slow malice,- and shifted his weight from one foot to the other as he stood on the little stone.itep. which Shubael and Hester had laid in place.to gether. " I ome on business," said he, at last. "I hain't no business with you, nor never mean to have I" retorted the widow. "No" said he, inquiringly. " al, Irve bnidness with you. ,Shall I atepin" "No. Whatever: you hae .to say, you niaysay here." . I.... " ..Wal, I gue not.. I guess.rd rather walk in." i " "You sha'n't do no nich thing." " Wal, I kin wait a littleabout that. Shu bael didn't leave no will, did he?" "'Its none o' your business I" cried H-? r. t " Yes, it is some o'my business. Because, if I he didn't, the biggest part of this house an' lot happens to belong to me 'n Jaber. I hain't said nothing about itafore. Waited till now, thinkin' if there was, a will you'd be glad r enough to produce it I s'poee. you know t you've only §ot your widder's dower, if there a in't no wilL " "My widow's dower !" cried she. "Why, I gave Suhabel every cent he had to buy this land, an' most of money for the house; an' I the rest of it we earned together, he makin' shoes an' I sewin', after we was married. He hadn't but three dollars when he married me." :"No, I calk'laed not. He never was forehanded, and never saved nothin'. I allas told his he was a fool not to lay up for a rainy day, but luok stood him instead of thrift. He was lucky in marryin' you Inluckier 'n some'other folks was, then. But now e's dead,' an' it's my turn." Dazed.and furious, Hester cried in a low voice, "You wretch I Do you mean to talk of such things, and Shubael only four days in his grave " "Then she turned away, and sobbed as she had never sobbed since her husband died. "Walt till you're axed, ma'am, afore you think a man wants to marry you," said Jeremiah, slowly. "What I mean is that i Jabez an' me owns two- thirds of this house an' lot now, as Shaunbael's heirs, an' you have the use of one-third for life, an' that's all. You can stay here if you want to, by payin' rent for the other two-thirds. We won't turn you out, but if you choose to go I've got a tenant in my eye, an' you'll have your share of the rent he pays. As for the furni ture, you own half, an' I'll send up the officer this arternoon, to make an inventory, an' divide it square. I won't walk in now, as you don't seem hospitable in your feelin' ; but p'raps you'll remember, arter I'm gone, how many times you've thought you'd got the best of me." When he had finished, the farmer turned raway walked through the little yard outinto the ran,. got ino on waoge--n, wblch waited there, and with a grim smile drove on to the village W nhen he was out of sight Heater wqgpt nP.,491w- na1'live i isfe avill, searched in every poshible and impossible place where one might be hid. A~fter this fruitless task was done, she put on her bonnet and walked to the village. The day was sultry, the air was hot, but her heart was hotter. She stopped on her way, and told her story to lMose Almy's wife, asking her togo back to the house she had left and keep guard there, lst the man should come while it was empty to make an inventory of the mats she had braided, the linen she had stitched, and the furaituro that she and her hasband had gathered around them. Mrs. Almy, full of sympathy, willingly left her house in fright ful disorder and her seven small children gloriously happy in the dirt, and departed for Hester's cottage. The widow went to aMr. Burgess, the vii. lage lawyer, and related her grievance. "You can't help yourself," said he. "The law is on their side." She twisted a fold of her gown in her hand a moment "Will you come back with me," she said at last, "an' see that there ain't no cl:eting done this afternoon !" They found blMosoe .41my's wife standing in the doorway, gesticulating furiouasly, and screaming at the top of her voice. Jeremiah ltazec and the officer were confronting her do u shan't come in here, neither on ye," shrickeld Mrs. Ahny-" not till Hoter gets hire I You're nothin' but a couple of mean, sneakin' thieves, both on ye I" Jeremiah turned toMr. Burgess, as he en tered the yard with Ihswebut before he could speak she walked by them all, flung open the house door, and called to them to come in. She followed them round, as they chest and-drawer...ghe-.verited ereey.memo randuttlfat't?i omcer made,'aindfinally dis - to Jeremiah, with blazing eyes, "but between you'n' me the account ain't settled yet." "No," said the farmer, "it ain't. John Bates is the man I spoke to of you this mornin', as wantin' to hire the place. He's concluded that two-thirds of the house will do for him. His family ain't large, an' he'll move in next weekr an' you kinlive in. the other part without payin' no rent. There's six rooms in the house. You kin have any two you like.!' Mrs. Almv gasped with amazement, and Mr. Burgess said, "I think you're rather stretching your authority." "We'll see," answered Jeremiah, putting his hands in his pooket. You ain't the only lawyer in the county." Any way, she owes me 'n' Jabez rent for every: day she stays here 'n' keeps the house empty." " Where is Jaber.!" asked Mr. Bargeas.. Jeremiah looked a little embarrassed, and Heater said quietly, "I gusee he was ashamed to come. It takes such as him'nl" and she pointed at Jeremiah,. who fell back slightly cowed.. ' The widow has a right to stay for a time without paying rent," said Mr. Burgess. Jeremiah looked nup surprised,. and the lawyer explained to him; that hecould not carry out, his plans for some months yet. Mrs. Alay uttered a cry of, triumph, but Hester stood in unmoved uilenoe,.till the far mer, somewhat disoomflted, took, his leave. When he had gone, Hester looked at Mr. Bar and:asked simply,." Will you tell me how-it is! I want to understand all about it ,and how it comes that I don't own the land I bought, nor the bouse I built." . The lawyer went over. the legal details in a painstaking manner, and dwelt at length 0o the one mercy the law granted her, that she might stay-.in the house unquestioned for soone time yet. ".Bnt after, that I owe him rent for every day?' ashe asked. He asuented, and she sad, f Thank you. That'll do.. I under 'stand no. I'll pay.you,l Mr. Burgess, when Ire earned some money." "It isno matter, he said. ."1 wish I could do more for you." Then he too went away, and f\rs. Almy sought to console Henter, offering to stay all night, and let her spouse and offspring shift for themselves as best they might. " I'd rather stay alone, please," was Hes ter's reply; and gently thanking her for all her kindsnessahe let the woman go. In the same quiet way sheme' and-dismised- Mr. and Mrs. Burrill when they came later on an errand of sympathy. When they too had gone, she sat down a little while in the kitchen. From that room she went into the tiny sitting-room, and thence to her own bedroom. In each she stayed a few minutes, sitting quite motionless, and all the time she seemed-tolsee Shubael moving about before her, as he had been wont to do. After a time she dragged out from her room an old chest that had been her husband's. She had difficulty in getting it through the doors, and she remembered how she and Shubset had tagged at it together to bring it in. She per severed, and pulled it out of the house, Strough the yard, and across the road. Then she went back, gathered together Shbsael's clothing, a few books, some papers on which he had written his ill-spelt verses, and a few pieces of chins. This incongruous collection, with some of her own clothes, she carried and put in the chest. She shut down the lid of the box, and nailed it fast. Next, she rolled and corded the mats, and dragged them and some of the lighter furniture out. She took the tall clock to pieces, and carefully con veyed that also across the road. When she had done this she stood still, and sobbed once or twice. It was nearly morning now, and Hesters' motions were a little hurried, as she went back into the house, and tied up a bundle of her linen and blankets. When she had done this, she went into the kitchen, and stood still an instant, looking round on the thines she had left untouched. " I guess," she said aloud. resting her hands on her hips-" I guess Ire left a full r half in value here." Then she brought from the woodshed a quantity of small wood, of which she made two great heaps, one on the kitchen floor, and the other in the sitting room. She emptied round them a barrel of corn-cobs, and strewed about all the paper she could I find. She next took a burning stick from the fire-place, where she had been careful to keep alive a fire, carried it to the sitting room door and flung it in upon the pile of light wood. With another brand she deli berately lighted the kin 11 ngs on the kitchen floor. Then she drew her skirts close around t her, went out of the door, and closed it behind her. She crossed the road, and sat r down on Shubael'a chest. She saw a red glow shine through the kitchen window, and a fainter light from the sitting-room. She stared steadily till all the house was lighted. i It was half an hour before a flame leaped from the roof, but till she saw it she never r turned her eyes away. Then she covered her I face, and waited, while-the-snn rosee-before t her in the east, and sent his beams across the Sflames? Ten minutes after sunrise Jeremiah and Jabez Razee came running up the road. ]lester, in her black dress, sat quietly, with her household goods around her. SHow did it ketch !" screamed Jeremiah, while still afar off. rester was silent till the brothers were tquit near, and then answered.. " I set it on tire Shall we settle up accounts now, Mr. Razee ,'. "You set it on fire;" he- ce-d. "But who saved these things I" t "I brought out my half before I lighted it," said Hester. Jeremiah swore. Jabez, who was a church member, uttered a more pious ejsculation. "I will settle with you!" said Jeremiah, shaking his fist in .the woman's face. ,he answered with a disdainful look, and the tsr % 'nths'aoase- Z moment's investigation convinced them it was too late, and they sat downom sullenly near Hester, and stared as she had done at thie flamea, till in a few minutes a troop of neighbors arrived on the scene Mose Almy'a wife in front, and the Burrills not far behind. Jeremiah then rose, and started for the village. In an hour he came back with the constable. IH eater wa still there, surrounded by her friends. To the consternation of the crowd, she was formally arrested for arson. She had not foreseen this consuequence of her act, but instantly perceiving the aituation, she rose calmly to follow the offirer. "Take care of them things," she said quietly to Mrs. Almy. " You can give 'em store-room while I'm gone, can't you? And don't you never let Jeremiah Razee lay his finger on 'em." Some women began to cry, and Mr. Burrill stepped up to Jeresmiah, and said fiercely, " t ou're the meanest critter I ever see !" That's my lookout," answered Jeremiah. "It's the law." " May be it is the law," said Mr. Burrill, "that a woman's own property don't belong to her; but as men are all sinners. I s'hce it's nigh about as easy for 'em to sin meuia' laws as any other way." Heater was taken to the county gaol in the city, twelve miles off, in due time was brought to trial, and was sentenced to im prisonment for two years. Some of her old neighbours wanted to get her pardoned; but they were .pamplo country people, and hardly knew ho6w'to approach the State magnates, so nothing effectual was done, and she was allowed to serve out her dreary sentence. Jeremiah Razee, thus left to taste the sweets of ven eance found them lest sweet looked, coldly on him: His unsocialnheart; ?eoill have borne that; but there was one .thinig that..graw diticnlt .for. him.to-beas. Work as hard as he could, early and late, busy his mind as he would, calculating pro fits, he could not shut out from his eyes the sight of Hester as he had last seen her, in her widow's dress, a prisoner at the bar, and under conviction. The stern, pallid face rose witithhe dawn and looked at him; and the sun, sinking while the old man still toiled on his farm, left behind a trail of ac. cosing light which showed that changed countenance to him. How changed. He remembered the dark-eyed child whose saucy ways had charmed even his morose nature. He looked back and forth over the country roads, as business called him here and there, and memories started up at the top of every hill, in every valley under the shade of the old trees: memories, too, of a timid, shrink ing lad with beseeching eyes, whose man-. hood had withered away under his contempt. Once the old farmer had occasion to go to the city, and was forced to pass:the 1o. He shuddered as he passed by. In that gaol, a disgraced outoast, laboured Hester, whom he had known as a little child; a convict now, because she had resented the law which gave to her enemy the fruits of her life's toil and patience. Jeremiah drove hard all the way home. The next day he astonished Jabes by telling him that he was going over the line to visit the Massachusetts branch of the family. He went, and. in two weeks returned, to his brother's still greater- astonishment, with one of their second cousins as his wife. She was a tall. bony, uard.featured woman of forty, who spoke her: mind freely on'any point, and, having thus relieved it, went her way untroubled. When she heard Hester's story, which she had not known till after he was married, she told her husband emphati. cally that he ought to be ashamed of himself, and then never gave the matter another se-. rious thought. Jeremiah, however, found that marriage had not driven that haunting face from his mind, and he- was still consue. ons of a force stirring within him that made him less satisfied than of yore in contemplat. inghiscattle and his crops. After a time his wife gvebirth to a child, and died in the strugle. Jeremiah was smitten with terror an?grief. He had not had a particle of sentiment for his wife; he had married her hoping to distract his mind from thoughts of Heater, but he feltas though her death were a judgment upon him. The months rolled on, and greatly to his own surprise the old -man's heart,- like ice broken by many storms, began to melt and flow tenderly forth around tiny cling ing baby. When the time of her sentence was over, Hester came from her prison. Mr. and Irs. Barrill went for her on the day of her re lease, and brought her home..- They reached the aol early in-the morning, so s?:ato get her Tack -before noon. They carried her garmentsBir which to array herself, but were shocked to see how stony and white she looked in the black go vn they had brought. At her request they took her to Mose Almy's. . Mrs.. Almy bustled about hospitably, laughing and crying by turns. She told all the country gossip, and proudly showed her newest baby. "Ellen," she said, "after Mose's sister that died-jest two weeks yonuger'n Jere miah ?azee's boy. They do say, Hester, that the old man thinks a sight of that baby. Queer, ain't it. Takes care on him nights, I jest like an old woman. It seems as of he I was comin' to his nateral feelin's at last." "Comin' out on 'em, I should say," said Hester. "All his nateral feelin's was hate. fuInl ones." Towards night the widow wandered forth I restlessly. She had not taken a walk for two e years. It was autumn again, four years sioce a she and Shbuhel gathered the red oak leaves with hands that clasped among their spoils. I The glory that she saw hurt her. The land was brimming full of sunshine, and its beauty mocked her. The garnered joy of the hai. Svest basked on the hill slopes-what had I been the harvest of her life ! She had reaped a crop she had not sown, and the hazy smile of the Indian summer was not for her. On she went, till she came to a pasture of the Razee farm, close beside the little in closure where her home had been. She leaned against the wall, and with heart-sick eyes looked over. The blood rushed to her heart and stopped its beating. She saw a man running from an infuriated b1ll. She saw other men rising upon her sight from all quarters, rushing to the rescue. She saw the man fall ; she saw the animal reach him ; she heard sharp reports. The bull rolled over in t wounded agony. The pumuers caught up the fallen man. They bore him through the field; Hester climbing the wall, following, reaching them, helping them, tillthey halted under an old apple-tree close to the wall that separated the pasture from the lot where the ashes of her old home still strewed the ground. Hester had no time to think. She was not conscious of herself at all, till she r found that she was sitting under the apple laden branches, the sunset light all about he grand Jeremiah tazee's head- in her lap. They dared not move him further. He lay very quiet, groaning a little. They feared some iternl injury. Some one went fora doctor. Hester sat still, mechanically smooth. ing his hair. After a while he opened his eyes, and as he saw her a look of terror came into them, as though he had seen a ghost. He tried to move. " Lay still." she said; "you mustn't stir. Wt e're roin'all we can for you." "Is it really you?" he asked, withthat frightened look. "Yes," she said. "Don't let nothin' wor Srit you ; jest keep quiet." "Be you-out?" "Oh, yes." " I'm-glad," he sai,d with a long sigh. and closed his eva.e Omtim h ti.me' e -a v---p .-. .hn M e paro ithe time he r y mnotionless, almost as If he were iasleep. His attendants worked over him, trying to ascertain the extent of his injuries and relieve them somewhat before the doctor At last he looked up again at Ieitcr'h face. It was flushed, and her emotions gaveo it a softer aspect than he had seen it wear for elong yeas. He spoke in a weaeL hut de Stermineedr voice, evidently mesaning to have his say, in defoanee of pain and ebbin. streugth; but he paused often, and erosbe, back the groans witil set lips, "It ain'tno nuse; I done for. eater'. it's jest the same as it aleis was with me. I aiu't no hand to ax anybody's pardon, hot I never see the woman as I thosght fit to stan' beaide you. When you was a beetle rl. cheeked gal- -heeks like appl--anl' when you wa a woman grown, as cooldn't abide me, jhest the same; an' I hated you because I liked you, cur'us it seems Nio, don't stop me--I'm 'most done. Heater, there's that baby of mine. Somehowa. a baby takes hold on ye tight with his leetle fists. I'd rather you'd bring him up nor anybody else. Will ye?" " Yes, yes, I will," she cried. lie smiled slouly. "You 'kin call him Shuhsel," he said ; "then he ion't put ye in mind o' me." She sobbed, "I'll love him as if he s-as Shobuel's son." A little later, Jeremiah RaCee. there, in sight of those memorial ashes, died peace fully, his head on Heater's knees, his grey hair floating over her momrning dress. 