Silled by a Train. An inquest was held at the Melbourne hospital, OB the 2nd hist., on the body or William M'Gtiineis, aged 43 years, a cook, who died at the instituion, from injuries reoeived by being run over by a tram at Werribee, on the 14th of November last Hannah Cook, gatekeejer on the line, stated that on the date referred to about half-past eight at night, the deceased, who was the worse of drink, came from the Werribee railway half was to tbe gates. He was told to leave the line but refuted, though he subsequently went away. No more was seen of him, and about ten o'clock the train parsed, and witness heard the deceased call out "'All right, sir" Witness went along tbe line and found the deceased with both legs broken. Other evidence was given, which showed that the night was dark and the occurence accidental. A verdict of accidental death was returned. APPARITIONS.—It will be news to most peo. pie that Mr J. N. Maskelyne, the Wall, known exposer of spiritualistic and kindred fraud*, is a believer in ghosts. Y-'c he writes to tilt Daily Tehgtm\ whictT has lately beeu flifhng its T.Vamas with descriptions of in various parts of England: — \- it may surprise some of your readers to learn that I am a believer in apparitions; Several occurrences to thise described by many of your correspondents have taken place in ray own family, and in the families of near friends and relatives. The most remarkable one happened to my wife's mother some years ago. Late one evening, whilst sitting alone busily occupied with her needle, a strange sensation ca<ue over her, and upon looking up, she distinctly saw her aged mother standing at the end of the roim. She rubbed her weary eyes, and looked again, out the spectre had vanished. She concluded it was imagination, and retired to rest, thinking no more of tbe vision, until the next day brought the news that her mother, at about the fame time the apparition had appeared had fallen down in a fit and expired, I will also relate a circumstance which happened tq myself, as it may tend to throw some light upon these common ooourrences. When a boy, aud learning to swim, I got out of mv depth, and was very nearly drowned, being insensible when taken out of the water. M.y sensations were similar to those which have often been descirbed by others. After the terrible feeling of suffocation I fell into a pleasant swoon, and a panorama of all the principal incidents of my life passed before me. Ths last thing I oould remember was a vivid picture of my home. I saw my mo. ther, and could describe minutely where she sat, aud what she was doiig, Upon yeturn ing home I kept the secret of wh?;c had han" pened frpm b^. She however questioned nae w^o'eiy, and said she felt strangely uneasy and anxious about me, and th>uglit some accident had befallen me. I am convinced that had it been night-tims; and my mother alone, with little to occupy her attention she wonld have seen my ghost, an I perhaps' the ghostof the water which closed over rnj head as plainly as I saw hei ghost, and the ghost of the room in which she was sitting. IQ after years, when pondering over these ani oth^r facts, I came to the conclusion that it vra.a ijuite possible for one miud occasionally to iufluenee another, no matter hoiv great the distance apart, especially where 'twj lietrts beat as one,' or, more correctly speakio® nhere two brains vibrate in unison," 0 