CONTINENTAL GOSSIP. PAULS. AriiiL 3. TkeDuU and DuebofB of Connaught bavo gone U B'lWritz ; but wo aro not lVgotton lu- tho travollin*: MttionoftboGran-Wisci of th i* planet Tho DATO JiUT.v Prinac of MOOKA has arrived ia tilts cit* witi 0ii Chamberlain aud suito cn route for Pi.rtiinouth whtscf hf will (nil in his yacht, tho Hirondelle G««:al Anpu-r, ox-Prefect of Potîce. of Moscow, ha: ¡cit cotna hero with his wifo, who is ono of tba rao=i lecomplipteJ ninat?« singera of Russia. Tho General ta just been appointed to monago tho nutocrou: ¡hiñublc Cstcbliabrr.crjLs founded bv th« Kmpres: M«ia, w¡f« of thc unhappy Czar, Paul I. And anothci liriral of some interest is that of Colonel Burnaby ?toie adventurous crossing ot the Channel in a balloo: hom Docer, only just vsca-wd ending ia a cains trophr. After passing V2 houri ia the air, tlc pited br tho ti\ acííoroaíí «'¡nd that carri<-d Jmr from Dover toward* Calais only to abandon hilt to tW teador mercie of a contrary wind that bluv bim towards tho North $oa, and th-.-n of a now current Ikii threatened to blow him ovor the Atlantic, thc pliant airotaut found him-ilf iair:t.l ov*r Iliwppu, am itlen-sb Micrredcd in u!i»htin"- iwar tho Chateau ol Monti-ay, wlvre ho wm lu»pit->bl>- eutcrtzincil, am irhttn'i! !:" bas como to this- capital by th« ".ore prosaic jai nli*> cnnaitlerabU- moro T-m-. lic.il int . median* ol \- th. iron road."' Uappilv lor th- col. .?>!, h.- "ju*1 ?ai)»'.J the fearful (¡ak- of ia.it SutnUy, * hkh did cou ñáítaMe »laina*»»' throughout the .-cen.- AI" ;,I-» production tc1. waa! J doubthar« loni tl; Kclipsiï iiitt ?iran*1.-. Tí".- destriu-tion ot mol.*, &! .ilt.-rà, and ->i"n .vinl* ??" t:v vioWeof the h. - Ic-u ummiall* zm\ : tree- luv« be n up-.-*:...!. nr. J <>:v: groud uk ila in :ii»: Tui.lii-io .ia nb n wa* ^a*.?>??:": oil' al: at oner xrniug lo the grnund »villi ti ti-rri'ii. tra-h, aad falling uwn *» poor vrorusc who happ- ntd to bn pnssing, an» li,],i her. One of ll,e »-onut-r^i nf ibo Garden wu, viii oaly ii few biui, s. Thc uauU uï tho fallen ir»< K33c mcally 5r.can-il.fe of r.-Uiu;- j,.c »-¡,«1. allhou^î infill .-i.-.- npjriy .1 yard it »üa-Ntfr at th* frailan -;r.« i: aa --JIMR- UI»» el gr. al t-'.ïf.^-.h uo.i -nlitftr Th- a--id'tit willprobablv W. to tn- [.ullin-* down ot t aa:ib«r of the old. ¿I tr.-es in fnU .dly. tbrdr rolt-<iiiii-»i COGS*:! uti a JJ, ns ba; ti*-n shonn Ly the fatality ir question, a t¡erii>ng and permanent dancer to Hiv public A French tarrUter, an* ii.ua to pies rvo tn-.s, ar.imal» and hui-.i.ni bein-- fp-m the vialoouo «Í tUu whither, (bias--in titi* part ol tho ïlob... hus, t-ulnuitti'd to ll» Aeidemv of Scioiicos a fch.iu« for »o'unii;; A piTjiüUu tprio¡r io thf Drtti^h Mw ¡io»l to I'r.tner. by tho eon tiru.lion of aii-"k»-,50'îmi!es long, acru*stt.« North St* from Ireland u> Norwav, t<> k>-cpAut tilt* culil curran ta o' nm ind tb* Hosting i>» th:.t .ionic nVcn from the Nurtl Po!,\ It is tolerably c'"'nr tli- it nM the mad m cn of lin ¿íXmal. who |.ara-îod Paria for a « '.[¿"accoinporjitt by a locator held in a leish of bluo -ilk timi whe aftrrwarHs fttMnptt-d to divt-<t hiin*elf in the -ardvi ofilia I'olata Itoyol of ail encumbrancoe tn tbi> «hapi of c«rmentfl might wrll have I.e. H ar-vonmntlated «ill î room in thc Cbaronton A&yluni;, wh-ro tne in^mioni Ulitv. E 1 The attempt to r«yuicitrite for tho prcstnt year lin bjpoae-»loriei of the Carnival lins not bfri confin-t b this city. In Turin, arnon" othi-r phccF, ibis sprint''¡ Carnival witneued various cUortato revivo tho liriliiutil ?fooiiog'' that marlrcd the return of thc <j:iy ennse a»lídto the jreDÍuB of ntisrulo. Amon^ other attempt" ol Ibiinatuie waa Ibe mn^tjucradobaM, ~ivcn by thc Aui?t¿ Club of tho old I'icdniDut 'po capital, to nliicli oil tht wfslth and ^rondrMtr of thu ro-ion. iacludtog lb. l)ach«B of Genoa (mother of tho -jtiecn of Ila'v) ur,. Count l-'errarin hod been inrite l. Tho * Cnn ii ono of thc most in-ane of tho crowd ol tuiorers who, ia both li om ¡«ph e rea of our globo ¿«a gone rajid over the geníua and i\>v cliann of tho «enrationalibt Para Hcrnliardt. "I'lio com mitt« informed tho Count that th<:y bad suecre '.ti in ntrauadtns thc " great aetrcîs." íu «"ptío ot ht-r ?»Jigbi illaew, to ain>oar at tho ball. Tho excitement créât»;! by this nnfinmirement, which epre:»! thron-;h tin co-rded room» like wildfire, was naturally intc-i-w, an ] «ben a membi-r of Ino committee rushed into the bull rsomaisd nnnounerd thnt Ihn diviim ^ara bad actually 'reived, nvcrbntly thron-*od to the doors and stood on tip taa tog»t a aij-ht of bur. Tho DUIÍIÍIÜÍ of üema r;ti»e.l ter ayeitlart ta her cyee to f.« thc ;:iUvd «trauter, Coa nt l-'crrnria liaelily proporcil in his own mini] l umt little speech of enthusia-.ti(! wulcoiue, Tte door was thrown open, and the fjinoua Hin, worn and hobie, and leaning on tho arm ol Signor 0*oco*a, entctcd tho ballroom. Sho r^plieil Kith a graceful baw to tho cager and roverential i-aiu titfons of tho company, holding a hu;;o Wuquot. in ono Bind and a Ince handkerchief in the otlic-r, bvhiotl which t-he cooghctl siiL-htly while Count l-'ciraria was (twtinff her with on adulatory apeecb. Thc Uuchvi« af Genoa graciounly told her lio.v delighted ehe waa to mike tho pordooal acquaintance of eo wonderful au iftiaii. Aftor perambubiiiiig tho room for homo limo, caaltiog with ooo and another, tho grrnl iragediennn ic cjneítctl a cuvaltt-r to lead h< r tn thu robing-room. Hero ftc threw off her magniiicnt b(i¡I-dro¿d, and re- appeared in tho ballroom in a masculins block drois coat and trouiicrd. V.'hilo tho company at largo was vhitporiag its Oitonishmoot nt tho cccrrnliic l/ittifra-it af tho acire#r, ono of tho guc-dla looked thc supposititious hrs cltwth* in líio 1a¿v, and auddi-a!/ »;.\clnimed, "Why. it ia Signor Calandra!" lt appear« that a FOcng IL ul pto r oamctl Calanilra, with thv aasi stance of i few fellow-eonapirator*:, had rceolvtd to pïay a trick :a tbo gushing admirtTJ of tho aonsntional l>'reuch «oinan. and had succeeded only IOD well. Tho d-ludtd victims, angry at bein-; thud taken ¡a, aro vowing that they will never sit toSif-nar Calandra for their b»»ls; but tho Italino public has highly applauded hts practical criticism of tbs extravogaaL admiration testified by plenty of acta of folly on tho part of her adororn. A testimony of a calmer and bettor justified admira- tion is the grand ban<]oot that has been offered to tl» Dlnogenarinn Snan of science, the great cbeinif-t Chcvretil, at Ute Caf« Ri clio, to cok-brato tho lifli-th taniveraary of hie election to mcmbcTóbip ia tho National Auriculturnl Society of Frane»>, of which he hm president for over quarter of a century. Thora were St) grand d;shr-s, 10 sorta of wino, all splendid, and the rooms elegantly done up for thc occasion, ne i.-» thc »»ont af (be fa-bionablo cating-hnurfi of this capita. Thc Xni^ny included Dumas (not tho nocclist, but the îoiiccnt phyc.icietj. who presided ; tho Duo d'Auinale, lsd the leading «avant« of thc day-I'-ietv-tir, Ik- ci'iierft), 3catref=ge.', ic-with n sprinkling of M imitera and ôUtinguisbcd individual», olllcial end general. At tho dtuert, a menage from l'rcsid'iit G rivy onnotinccd lilli Üio Government bad authorized thc making of FI J»*t of ll. Chevron, ot lh» cO?l of Lim SUle, aï n gift to the Society, which announcement was m-eircd with gtDfral expressions of satisfaction. S'.'vcral apecohes »ere mad« esprceaive of the admiration and ""Tection of thc inomber« for their illustrious preudent, and a superb lourju«;, just tent 'rom it. Chevreul'fl native town, Andora, was duly preMatcd, Tho Knglishmon, Mr. Pitman, author of fheidnvrablrj ayetem of phonetic vrriting wjiifh boara iii name, rvturiied thanlfs to tho soci-.-ty for tim recent .laction of tho Priore of Wnku to honorary moniUr 'bip by ibo Kicitly. Tho cognac screed with thw coifto « thflfllûîo of this Iirilliont ond cordial entertainment *t*o! Ibo y«-ar 1785, having tho (an.e nge a? tho old Twelve of the mos-t important trades of this city are Ww psralyted dy alrikes, causing imnieO'* inec«rerií ttct ind lon in «very department of biisinee^, and a .trike ia about to lu organized among tho journeymen hiirdreiwra. Il teeina'thnt thu master hoirdrcwniir» of Paris recently iocrenwod tho prices for sliming, mouing th* mfoimum charge 25 ctnlUn** (5 rou»), Ute eon<H> ÎUence" being that the poorer cu«ioiiuN, to cover the 'wu tous thus stuck on io tho old ebor-:«, have ttpprttsed Jhs pourboire of two sou« which they lied to give to tho jo-jrn«:ympn. As the lat- , !w haro otoo only tbii gratuity lo depend :a. while even ¡n the barbers' shojw where they received flied wag», this gratuity ferma an important element , et their pay. Tbt journoymcn find &c;\t «rainsa con .iderably dimlniihsd by Ibc risa in chatg<s, and have j BOliQed ibo masters of their dettrmlostion to stiike floleis a coireiponding riso of wage* is accorded to them j h thoin-ulsr^ lo mike up for th« supposion^ of the ¡ PMiï-itn'rt by th« public. The fltriki of th« cabmen, a Siflploof j'iara ago, which drove Paris wild whilo it Ulled, wili bù throws into tho backaround br this new inmction ; for only o, comparatively small portion of tho public tn kos cabii, and docs BO only! occasionally; whereas almost every grown-up member of tho inferior tex places hi« chin every morning, as a , matter of courso, in the bends of the knights of tho lather nnd bruah, and great and general will be, in I sooth, tho consternation o( tho males of thia capital if j compiled tn -ro about their business or pleasure with , " a dirty chin," I M. Paul Ucrt. lalo Minister of Public Instruction, and ono of ibo most activo and pitiless of Frem-li cutturc-up of live animals in thu n.mo of «¡enc«, has just boen sued by Fouie of the people living nasr hU ?'laboratory,'' who are drircu wild by Ibo horrible howling* of tho dogs that hare been " operated " on by this skilful dissector. It appears thal the nnimala nrc dest-d with curare, which poison render* the» inaoiiaibk- , to pain, and rigid, whilo thu dosi; continues to act, BO ; '? that they make no noise while being curved and die ' f rctod. Thc" oparalioua" onded, the poor brutes arel j placed in rooms fitted up for their reception, ! i whero thoy aro loft to regain consciousness a* tho ofiect of tho carero parses ob"', being I left ulivo in order that any ligaments of j their bodies left tin->«rerc-d hy the dny's " o-itirationa " ¡ may be GCientiiiciily Fcv.ircd ntxt day. Tho howling ! of the unhappy creatures, every part of whoso boilv, j limbs, organ*, viscera, and skin ba* been carefully di's- ¡ eectid, may bo imagined tu thoy regain conadoua I neds, and lind themsulves lying in ;i poo! of blood, ; unable to inovo, mero bundlfs of soree, wrjunde, and I ! ii-ony. Tho facta brought «ut during thia trial ara ! enough io sicked tnn strongest nerves; yet to callous ' j ave Judges in regard to sufferings inllicted ou the lower ' rare* that hstheito tho nuit has gum; against th» plaintiff*. Thc advocates of tho system assert that theso horrible 1 CMieltiüs aro essential to tho jirogreas of unatomical, surgical and medial ssíoncr-. Their advemricj uVeloro thal uu ¿inglo point of either has l^en eiucntatüd bv I cruelties that muk« the blood run cold, and i>oint to thc í declaration of Majendie that " hiving directed 'IUUÍ1 j li vi' dogs to prove a certain opinion, he bad to dueect j -Illili) otlit-r live do^* lo prove tb nt he bad been mis- taken in the inductions bo had drawn from ! those- tii>t directions." In thu conte.» of tb« I «videnr*. « letter from the brilliant caricaturist. Cham I (thf late Count do Noe), to hU friend Ililli) (a local i cd.il.rily), wa« read, in which tho writer, referring to i tito atiociou* cruel tiT inliícted on thc dumb creation in ! the íiü.no of science, inquires, ?? Could wc not alto in j thc name of scienco practise these " tame " Operation on j thoio ^cntlomen, whoso internal organization must I eu.-ly dii'er very considerably from that of other I Tho usunl solemnities of Passion Weeli have been ? tafe«u part in by such crow J rt of wnr.-ln'ppori a* show I that tho aiui-cli'i-ica:i-.m of tho governing party ia very I far from buin-- ehan-d bv the m af s oí tao psoplo of ; France. I La*t Sund Palm Sui.Jav, tho sirects of Paris I gm» with Ibo branches o'f box. duly utcMctl for . the purpose, wbi.;h do tlutv hem for tho palm leaves which this northern region" ii unible, tu lurnish. As a general b.'lict prevails that thoso who do not gut a »prig ot bub bttutoo Palm Sunihiy will Juck bread in tho i cour.-eof lb,- *ear. few Freud, people like to risk so uii ' cojifortiula arc«i!t. mid therefore many, aveu of lliote g/-m.r.)I. !» thar pvi*h church UH thal day-fin order : to procuro II fpiay ol' bux, and put themselves thu» on j thu ¿ufe si,:... ' At thia prveent writing nia-muecnt ' musical nervio 6 aw going on in thu principal .murchs ot lin- capital. H.)3-.iiii"» fS'iut«ito '? tilabut Mater " is ? being porforniiid in tlmgran.! old Church, of St. F.uHacho, ? and other cl. it a d'.wrc nrtr atlractin- denso congregn ! lion« tu Suire Dam- and the other principal fanes thc opening of tho jivat Knnital 11 nm Fair, tho pre-. Thc highst triitm'plisüf French rookery aie achii duii.ig th., Limits PLason, when good C .thoth*. as little ai. posible. 1-Np.viaMv ,m (iood Fridav it sLill of tho dur! .wit displayed i« the delicious i» lions of fnrl.idd .-n dainlit-s that his genius acliiovi-i tho -lc!.-Cation of his manor's familv and frit mps. th*. TpgrlabliM. sweet dística, omelette^ fcc, mpu indtil norn milk and egg*. »*uai)v a.l.»¡Ui'd as :nni>Fiblo by all but thu unco'-Kltict, their name is »ton, theil- quality im.et admirable Tho bighrr -iiiliri-o of the Cliur.:h pay .np;--ial attention to mir cuisine on Good Friday, and thora are plenty of »L-copol tables atwhiiih a i-e'it on ibis day, ot, iudoail, iring the whoh> ot Lent, is nut to bo dcbpiifd by ipreciatois oí tho ox.juíaíto in tho culinary dopart Mit. Aa old wiilar. Du I'Oi, evidoutly thought eo h>:n he put into rhyme tho *r.jitu of an arohicpiscopal " Cti. tiiiibcr inup, ti bi Néerlandaise ; Vii;.-, à la CUmb-.n! : turbt.t r/i hitntwuaiu ; V¡»hg.*, called nftrr DaVa Hielieltetr. \Vi\h iliMotim nf egg, and ft cremt, «nd of fruit Somrihm:; ull bi>l<^ .md ..ll fun-ta io suit; Sit'-li i* thu HUM) for the fns*t of n priest. Fn.ui nil R-iviniroi inurtitlc.ilion relca*«t. would I. any d«y, j.-y for ti wink ut it ! Il M;U my imjulh «mciin-; only to (hink of it." Tiiceo ropasts aro usually partaken of without too closo a rjut-ationing as to tlicir minor ingredients, though i lioruticul items probably slip in eomotimoa. For in ! atanco, a Papal NUDL-JO sod his fitcrclary happonod one I day to bo present at a splendid fast'dinnor. Hoing of a I rather inquiniliro dispos-ition, tho BCeretary tool; it into : bia hoad to pay fl visit lo tho kitchen before dinner, j As tho result of this visit, ho whif-perod to tho Nuncio, ' when a au tain vory oppotming dish WUJ placed on the table, " JJon't cat any of it, Monsignor, it has been conked with fat! I saw it myself in tho kitchen." " And what had you to do in thc kilchon ?" angrily re- plied bis eminence, " wes that your proper pinto ?" ^altcodalwnys aa Mimes a formidable place in tho common vic tut af Catholic families destituto of tho genius and varied resources of thc htad-eooks of great liou-H-?. A certain preparation of that tish called brin- dada, ie greatly liked by many people, and two cele- brated, pr^o-inge*. >r. Thiers aud his crony, tho academician, M. Mignci, wore notoriously fond of that dish. Tho former, opicinlly, waa so fond of it that he UEC-ri to deslaru no dinner could bc parted without it, I During thc lust years of bia lifo, his medical attend- ant strenuously forbade his indulging in that indc I gctiiWe compound, and Mdt*. Thiers did her bett to sue that tho doctor's ordor wm obeyed. Uer distinguished . husband, however, found means of evading the dictum ' through tho connivance of h'm friend iligntt. Twice a weak tho pair used to shut themselves up in M. Thiers'« sanctum, on pretence ot' examining eome pre- cious and unpublished documents, which his old friend i used to bring wrapped up iu a napkin and paper. The-JO parcels', on being oponi:d, rc.-.olvod thbiusolvrs into a tin of brindado, on which tho t?o hoi ry | ncadomicinns proccoded to enjoy thcmiulvci on the ely, like n couplo of tchoslboyd- ¿fur ¡ tho^o banquols. M. Thic¡s ujod to como cut o¿ his Miictum in high goori humour, remarking, "This d- 1 of u Mignol ! There is no oni lit« him for farretiing out lho«o old documents with an raro ft flavour of wit and wisdom!" Hut Madame Tbicru found out tho trick nt lust, and put an end to iheso stolen gogs-not, howevor. in limn to prevent the in if. chief the indiges- tible BtuiT could not but work iu tho delicate health of ber husband. For tho Gingerbread Fuir that will open a tow dovs after tho Ham Fair, a curious gathering hon ; taken place, for porno days past, ort tho Pnleco da 'Prone. This gathering is composed of artists who . oiTer themselves lo tho jnantci-s of tl o ahuwa which aro I tel uri in bool hs, aa additional attractions to tho ginger bread" diapla.". and.of tho mailors who como to seek out tbor.e attractions. Thorc aro no oflke*, nil tho bu a! n wo beiß- cania! on in .i wiao sbop in the Hilo du Kcndoz vous! The bunte ie kept by a former wrcillor ut Har fei'les. 't'hua i» n publin room whero tht atti »ti ajsom ble, nnd beyond it a -nullor ono forth« OJ us lure, most of whom are rtu-n whoso appearance J cuota essy cir- cumstance;, and eome of whom have o messed from twelve lo flftoon or six icon thousand pound« sterling. From 2 to i p,m* tnH candidates for craplavnicnt prêtent themselves, and boast of their powers. Cue man govt) out that ba painted ?with bb] feet, and could take anyons's portrait In flvo minutes. *' Do the landlord," »aid ouc of tho mästen. The poor fellow with some difilcultr took oil hie old worn-out shoe, act a brush bût ween tbs loos of his loft foot, and set to work. " Rut that ia only a blot!" cried tho by- 1 Standers. ?'I can't do better now," ho roplied, *'iny foot trembles, for I have es toa nothing «ll day!" Ho put his old shoe ou again, and hobbled out of the room. The next aspirant waa a " min frog,'' n Wrible speci- men of thc vagabond of tint lowest quarter* of Parie, Ho passed his hands bolseen bit legs from behind, and hopped about on thurn like tbs halraohion whobO uame be had adopted; this clotunt accomplishment ! procured him an engngruient a'. ¿0 «ma per day. Tho I famous gantera who fn'lowa him ie toa stout to pues tho I doorway, and hud tn stay in the ou tur romo, whoro shu ; raised herdraseand displayed nn >>normous calf os n I sptrciinoa of her attractions One of thc masUra offered lier ono franc a day, but abo scornfully rejected ao i derogatory an appreciation, and mnrchwd out, after I dilling thora a sot of ekinllints. A boarded worusu, mure modoratc in her demand-, accopted hclf-n-fratic a dav and lior board. A jester, having spouioJ an amusing pUe* of gabble, is nt once engined ut four and a-balf franos a day on condition of apprsring 10 limes daily. francs a week. Oi.o of thu applicants is n dramatic author, who ivntr* for ihv theatre* nod fairs. His real namo ir Lormiiau. but ho is familiarly known na ! Uibi. Formerly au usher at tho (Joiloge of Vau voa, I tall, thin, bout, with long, dirty hair, and a miserable ' suit of thread-bare black, he so IMUS thu vcrv embodiment ! oí n man of cdusalion degraded by aUinth. Ho ial»i j a dozen imimise.ripti from his pock-t, nod begin* to \ explain thc plots af hit) dramas to th« only m an ugo r of 'a theatro present i Huríes of young ¡rirls murdered, blighted honour avenged, lost wilie, »tolon chilrlron, ito. And such titles ! " Tdd Caitrin of tho Plm-o Mnuhert," (one of tho most cotoriouelr bad and dn np troua points of Paris) ; " Tito Workman's Child " ; " Olga of llussia" ; " The Ghost of tho Busiillo " ; and so on Tho director ! at length eonsonls lo listen to the reading of th-, fir«t ¡of these dramatic M S.S. Whtin the author has road it, tho maua/er says ; " Will you taka 10 franos Tor I it? " " Eighty." say« Bibi. " Fifty, if yon will, or j nothing," rejoins the mauser. The bargain ie K;nick ; thc mnnagur puts the play int« his pocket nnd go** oir I to put it in rehearsal, whilo J ii bi Ukee his uionev j and treats hïim...lf lo a gio« of alioth. Tho I head o: the tirm-conii-lio- of himself end ! his two n»n*~tlinl exhibit--, for two «nus "Tuc Inferas! Knyinn* and their ínhubítaii:?; " I ie awaiting n wild boast tn m ar, ind the owoer of n \ waxwork show with whom ha H in trcnty, and with j whom he U to dino, and we louvo him to this expec'.a ? lion as we ipiit tho strabo puüicring, which a local j .' protection" hun enabled us to visit, tho entrañe*, to j thin curious ufs-jmblngo of candidate? for public favour I being uiiuidly interdicted to non-professional*. I Th« popularity of Pari? ai tho "Caravansorai of tho ! world," according to thc saying of H iron Kui *t minn, I under tho Kruplru, is waxing rather waning. Tl.e j saying vexed the Parisian?, but IP nous th-. ITS a truth I there is no guim>aying. In proof of the ononn-jiu j flocking of vi-iiors to this pleasant capital, toke tim I following statistic?, from tho report of tho O ran il i liotol Company, for the lirst unartor of tho present j vror : -Lo.igers, -t'i.o'i 1 ; meals famished in tho rt-stou I runt attach«! lo tba hotel, «0,231; moria at tho tahio I d'hote of the hotel, U11,!K)3: private meals, ll l.ti'iO ; dinners for weddings. Moci«t:e,', .'.c., SOU'; bottler of ¡ordinary wine, --ÎÎ.^ÎÔO ; of ¿uporior wiucp, 55,3'J(J; ! oí ehttiopagotf. 15,8:" U. ! If tue other lending ho Wi publirhed a similar etnti , mont of their doings, tho totnl wmld hi found to merit j Dominie Sampson s expletivo, " Prodigious." 