A CHRISTMAS'. TALE EYL HAUNTED CHAEMBER. [BY MRs. CHATTERTON.] YES, I, too, have a haunted chamber. At this season of'the year, when ghost stories are all the fashion, and the phantom in habitants of eerie roo-'s in old time-worn castles are prominent subjects eagerly de .mauned by gay. young voices and merry Laces ]orowding round the' chee y fire-lit tea-ttable, my own private and especial wraith is given to rousing up itself and walking alive with those spirits of bygone days. Only the chamber in which my ghost walks is that of my own heart alone; and mine is but a very poor little everyday orders,of,apparition, not handed.down from fat-back any estors and generation after gene :ration, but dating merely within the span of my own existence. .I can recall my ghost-a living sweet reality; to me, the sweetest reality, and most real sweetness that ever I have known. And as at this season first I became ac quainted with her, so it is, I suppose, th,t :at this season she the more persistently ihaunts me. * I am a grizzleolrough old bachelor now, of the denomination known as ' crusty;" and even when my ghost and I, first set in fresh ripe flesh, and blood reality, I was 'not amongst the very young of a Christmas tide gathering; yet I footed it on slippery floor, and caught at the charms of the mistletoe bough, and clamoured for the thrilling ghost tale with the best of them. I' was not, as now, a lookec-on--merely watching others in their time'of gay, glad gi:ded youth. !We were all a merry frolicsome party, gathered in her father's old country hall, and she herself the merriest, most mis chievous madcap amongst us, that first time ,that we met; and the very first moment that I saw her,' I fell in love with her 'deep, deep in love.. Love at first sight-a thing I had formerly always scouted. She was in the hall, decorating it, at that " first sight," standing tip-toe on a chair, a;huge basket of evergreens beneath her; and on my arrival she sprang down like a 'little fairy, and advanced, smiling, to greet me. ." You are papa's old friend, Major Barrington ?"' with a pretty, little, half questioning, hdlf-asserting look. "Then you are most welcome; but everybody else is out; there is not one person in the house but wue a-, present." - ": Papa's old friend !" The words might have warned me how small a chance I had of'ever being anything more than this to her. And yet-and yet I fell in love with her then and there. "" You will hbave to stop here and help me to finsh this," she went on gaily, " for Ihave set my heart on doing it." And, of course, I but too gladly stopped and finished it with her, handing up prickly holly, trailing ivy, temptingly suggestive mistletoe, as commanded, remaining close beside the tiny tip-toe feet, and being .supremely happy. Ah dear me! Now, although ;t is but -the ghost of all this walking through. my heart's chamber, I can hear again so clearly thegay, proetty chatter.; 'the'i jdydiis laugh ; ;'t girlish,.glad talk of my. little, merry, bygoue:lovet. m.e 'J'here 'as i dance that very night, and so I saw at once how 'it was. Although not in myjn'emnierejunesse, I was not, as I have told you, by any means shelved in those days,.and so danced away with the rest of themi. Danced with her once, but once only. ' The great majority of her' dances were monopolised by a young fellow, a Sir Henry Moreton, suitable to her in every way-even my jealous, jaundiced mind was forced into acknowledging-well looking, well-off; well-born -" a fitting couple. ' The more I watched them the m'ore :I thought so,; the more I mentally determined to withdraw muyself from her altogether;, physically, at all events, conquering my inclinations, for' I rarely 'approached her;' as I said before, 'danced once with her, that 'mere courtesy demanded,; and oh, what a dance that was-! I can ,recollect itso clearly still. ?For a brief space at least, I had her all to myself, and her undivided attention; held' the sweet fairy form in my arms with none to come between ; heard the gay girlish babble with none to interrupt. This time, some fifteen years ago, it was, that first dance with my'little love, and perfectly vividly, it now stands before me. The 'shining lights and well decked room,, the polished floor and merry crowd, the fiddles and piano; and oh, above and beyond,, and best of all, the radient winsome, rose.reality,.thp flesh and- blood perfection of' what is at present bu"i my Christmastide phantom; my shadow 'stretching overall the glitter and the sparkle. Ah, me I a'hd yet I. think we are better off we:old bachelors and single ones who have a sad'sweet"wraith from a year gone by than the :tough and bluff old relics of a smooth-rhuni life with no Christmastide or New,Year's time varied more indelibly than by frosts, depriving them unduly of their hunting, or not lasting: well enough for skating, accordihg as their tastes may run. It was' hot alone' thle first night 'of our acquaintance, "b'ut. also ifthe days wenton' that, to my zealous watchful'-eyes,"'hler friendship with Sir '.Henry:: progri ssed: Wherever sho; was he was,too. Whatever she did he seemed: best.fitted to join,-or. assistLt::' It was.quite evident that he ifmade no secret of his intontions, while she-well it is always so hard' to read a:girl's heitrt right-so ,impossible- and: she : was .un doubtedly. and., undeniably and undis putably a sad,' sad, little.flirt; a born co quette, full of niatural 'iles"and graces, and working her', iiiichief ' half codnsciously, without even stopping to see that it was mis-t chief. Such sauco:little ivwords and glafides as' she used to bestow upon me too, making my foolish hdartileapl right 'ip with :gladness, and me reprove it for such: senseless folly. Then ancu I: Would see gay".becks and smiles directed toiSiriHenry, catch':lie re frain of some merry jest and a ring 'of rippliing laughter and with a' lightened soreness in my heart, turn away with' a bitter i<sankling ffeling which' it' never would occur to me to'chide at, ;'on' the con trary, pride whispered an'applause. .Thus my visit tomy; old friend grew gradually more a toriizent than a joy to me, fo6r one ha.ppy heart; thr'ob.ivould coame teo or three 'keen birstiigi strings, and sdo 1 made nup my?inind totake +my leave and go away. altogether. iy; .. . .It was the afternoon brt'ore my departure tliat I found. uiy?lif ir.one with her and Sir ITHenry in the iodiseiwaot6y:'A 'lare party of us had lieen rambling throuih'the ?gdend and grounds, n:! idi someliow ,we ?wthree. got left behind in it.. <Ifancied she seemed embarrassed' aid put ' ou, andi her .manner rathtr:foiced and nervus, i: place"of the usual lightsbome, i!ir as. - 'Had onily Sir Henry beenl withhlier, and 'Il?not.,present;' would,;, matters ~hlaveo' beenqodifferenti?l' wonder" P But we all talked", as,,n; Idutyi bound, iandalked round the various plants iad Ipraised;a id'shiffed'ir'and ciiticised and were, :.gnerally common'?place,?and) matter-of-fact, ., j.; r: " I Wht a ?l ve 'y fowr, ? ,exclaimq Sir Henry, piusisg" b.hforde di.on ultra-raro specimen, with brilliant carmine blossom4. "Lovely,': I echoed, ;"! -' ; ,.; "?There are juD~ttwo,.blossomq left, one for eaci you," cried she, on tip toe' stretch ing rip: tiny hand:t'pluckr'; btt oie shook into a'wreck of :aatt iia d ..petali? rit'sli o ,iached it, ,soagifts for, two she had niot for A-nd nof WhO shall get the prize ' Baid Sir Henry, laughingly, "The flower is doubly worth the wearing now I"' - She twirled it doubtfully between thumb and finger, reddened a little, glanced at him gay and debonnair, then up at me stiff and silent. Then suddenly turning to him, exclaimed, " You take it then, since it was you who first discovered the plant and its beauties." "Fair lady," said Sir Henry, with a sweeping bow, taking it from her fingers, and placing it in his button-hole, "Your humble discoverer is more than richly rewarded for his discrimination. I wear my badge more proudly than did Columbus any of his honours." She laughed and he laughed, and of course I laughed too, as we turned home wards out of the conservatory; but I thought, with a little dismal chill, of, the parable of the blossoms. Was not .mine the love blooming just as royally that tumbled all to shattered pieces, whilst his flourished, and stood triumphant. It seemed dreary, very dreary, wending back through the shrubberies. I tramped resolutely behind those two in the regular " bad third " fashion, and she would occasionally talk back to me or look round as though giving me leave to joini in, but in a constrained, conscious sort of way that made me all the more consider that matters were coming to a crisis with them. "May itbe well with her," I could still find it is in my heart to say, as I trudged along the frosty gravel paths. What, though I had gained nothing in return, I had originally given to her my love; she had not stolen it from me for a pastime; I had flung it away to her with neither lure nor art from her side. As we were quite close to the house, we came upon others of the party, and so it chanced that my " bhad third" resolved itself into a tute-a-tedc. It was onlya very short and a very silent one. 1 walked by her side moodily enough and said nothing, and she, of course, stayed quiet too-my poor little love-until at the last flower-bed she stooped with a sudden quick movement to pluck a Christmas rose blooming up out of the winter's bareness. "Will you have this instead of the other?" she said, offering it me with a little deprecating shyness; " I think it is the prettiest of the two." I took the Christmas rose, not, of course, as Sir Henry had accepted his exotic, with an air of conquering victor, but with deferential love and tenderness, and I thanked the kind giver's heart, who in the midst of her own love and its affairs, could thus think of a trifle to please a friend. The following morning I left early, immedi ately after breakfast. The usual hearty shake- hands all round, the usual kindly interchange of words and wishes between host and guest, and I was off. She had not been in the hall as I passed through it- in the large old hall where first I had seen the little figure and fallen in love with it, Dear little fairy I and before I greet it again, in all probability she will be " Good-bye then, Major Barrington," and I know that my silent hand-shake is being replied to; that a very tiny hand is placed within my own, and a pair of shy sweet eyes lifted up to mine, just momentarily, and yet there was a look in them that struck me-struck and followed me. They looked somehow as if they wantedto say something to me, only what could she possibly' have to tell? Perhaps she was already engaged to Sir Henry, and pshaw I why want to confide it to me, of all persons in the world ?-to me, who stood but in the light of quite a newly-made acquaintance to her. My wits must indeed have all gone wool-gathering, and the sooner I collect them again the better, so I gathered up my foolish wanderers and pulled myself to gether for the prose and stern realities of life, pushing resolutely away from me my foolish romance in it away intd one recess in the single fast-fading Christmas rose olossom. The winter had long passed away and gone; "frosts were slain and flowers be gotten;'" Spring too had followed in its wake ; Summer's reign was ever, and still no rumour of the engagement of Sir Henry Moreton had reached my expectant ears; no announcement of a marriage met my searching eyes in the column of The Times. What had happened, I wondered. What hat been the finale of the romance'I had watched beginning. The light of love in his eyes; the shy embarrassment in her manner. I .don't know whether it was anxious curiosity, or what secret motive kept im pelling me, but when an invitation reached me from my old friend to go and help to shoot his covdrs in Soptember I accepted it. I went again deliberately to face what I formerly had fled from. I thrilled all over, blood and brain, and fibre, as I walked in through the large ball where first I had beheld my unforgotten love. No evergreen decorations there now, no little fairy busy amongst them. With first a smile, and then a sigh, I recalled her gay, welcoming greeting that former time, as I went through the now empty place. On this occasion she met me quite differ ently; I did not see her at all until dinner hour, and then she advanced to shake hands with me gravely, decorously, most matter-of-fact. I felt somehow as though she were a being quite different from that one I had so fondly been recalling; and yet she vas not changed; no, nol. a bit of it. I watched her all through dinner-the same bright, gleesome smiles, the rippling laughter, gay talk-just as before during tlose days now so many months back. 'Whit about Sir Henry ? I found myself wondering incessantly. No sign of his piresence, no allusions to it, no mention of his name at all. SAcid now, in my story, I jump at once to the time as to'which details give I none. A time'unrelated, sacred- sacred to two only -interesting possibly to no more. The time. when all doubts and fears removed, we were betrothed one.to another, my little love and I. It took me long to realise that such could -be indeed the fact, but she loved me. Her love was given to me, had been mine;,and none others during' that Christmas visit.. Sir Henry had proposed and been' rejected, and it was I--I alone-whom she wished to accept, so I. will not weary you with the same old story-ever new; the oft-repeated, never worn out history of love, but when the next Christmas gathering came around, they assembled likewise for our close coming wedding day. Immediately after the first of January we were to-taunch on a new year- a year new and fresh and glad with happiness such as never year before had been. On the eve.of it, she had to go an errand ime the pony carriage. I grudged her for one short hour out of my sight, but there is a limit to pony carriage accommodation, and I had to yield to a lady guest accoln-. panying ho'. . I 'shan'tbe long," she said, as I was ticking ?ler up at starting; " nothing like an hour away; the' Christmas roses are out," she whispered., We must go and search for some .when'I. come back. She smiled up gadily 'fbidly in my face, and was gone. Phe last gay loving smile that ever I got -from her. I saw her again, it is true; nay, held her to my breast and tore her in my loving arms, but it was only the sweet body of, her I carried, the spirit, merry, mis chievoue, 'tender, fond spirit was fled' gone from me for aye. For when the pony ran away when the pony chaise upset, she was flung out to death upon the spot. Thank God, there was no lingering agony; ny little gay sweet love. • Christmas roses were out, 1 gathered! ai bunch of them, and laid them on her breast, never more inight we together seek for them; ;never again: 'have I touchedor.I looked on any of them, save one poor yellow faded thing It-the faded rose-is the key into the haunted chamber of my heart, wherein, as I have told you, walks-the more especially at this season of the year that one poor little ghost of mine, who, once upon a time, was so sweet, and gay, and glowing-a flesh and blood reality. 