WE publish elsewhere a report of a coroner's inquest held a few days ago on the body of a man named THOMAS MADIGAS. The circumstances unfortunately are not of an uncommon character. The deceased appears to have been given to habitual intemperance. The result of excessive drinking led to temporary insanity. He was arrested as a lunatic, and pending his r emoval to Sydney "he was remanded to the gaol, where he died from the effects of a disease caused by intemperance. So far the matter calls for little comment. The verdict of the jury, however, is one that cannot be allowed to pass unchallenged, inasmuch as it appears to reflect upon the Government medical officer in a manner at once uncalled for and unwarranted by the evidence disclosed. The jury say that gross negligence was shown by the Government medical officer in not ordering attendants to watch the deceased as his condition required, and the general purport of their examination of various witnesses, shows that they believed something more should been done in the way of nursing the deceased—that in point of fact the man wonld not have died had he been treated in a proper lunatic asylum. Mow we have always contended that a gaol is not the proper place for the treatment of lunatics, but until we have a local asylum there is unfortunately no place wherein to dispose of lunatics pending their removal but the gaoL And in the present instance we have no hesitation in saying that the deceased's chance of living in a lunatic asylum would have been no better than it was under the treatment he received. There seems tro have been an impression on the minds of the jury that within the walls of a lunatic asylum every inmate who is at all violent has a special attendant to remain day and night by his bedside. This belief is altogether erroneous. In most of the large asylums the patients at night are confined in their cells, from barred windows opening out of the corridors the wardsmen can have an occasional peep, if so disposed, into the cells, and when they see occasion, can enter the cells. Where there l reason to suspect that the patient may attempt suicide, he is placed in a padded room. Now in the case of MADIGAK there was no padded room to put him in, nor did there appear to be any need for it He had shown no suicidal tendency, nor as a matter of fact did he attempt suicide, his destruction of the prison blankets and his mode of disposing of the remains being apparently the most serious symptom exhibited. When therefore, he was placed in a cell, visited every half-hour during the night by a warder, and within hearing of a warder during the whole of the intervening periods, he certainly received as much " watching " as any patient of the kind ever does receive in any asylum. The idea of the jurors, however, appears to be this: that if some one had been deputed to sit by the bedside all night, MADIGAN would have been prevented &om; tying the ligatures round his leg, and that so the gangrenous condition would never have been set up, and the man woitd not have died. Mow what does the evidence say on this point ? Dr. KENNEDY tells us, as the result of his post-mortem examination, that the cause of death was vitiation of the blood from the diseased state of the kidneys. The tying of the bandage wonld give rise to the condition of gangrene, but ."so would the slightest scrape of a man's naiL" In other words, the smallest abrasion of the skin would have had the same result, and to provide against this the man would have had to be confined in a straight waistcoat, for which Dr. KENNEDY did not consider him a fit subject. It is clear that for all that could be ascertained whilst MADIGAX was alive, the use of the straight waistcoat was unnecessary, and as such more likely to do harm than good. It is also clear that the unfortunate man received every attention which he could reasonably be supposed to require. Mr. ALLEN, the gaoler, says "he was regularly attended to by Dr, ANDREWS," and that " he received as good attention as he could have got at the asylum." Warder SCHUBACH tells us he patrolled the corridor all night and visited the cell at frequent intervals. Warder HARRISON says the deceased got " watching and care and received more medical treatment than any lunatic he (the warder) had had to do with." In short, the whole of the evidence goes to show that there has not been the least shadow of carelessness either on the part of the officials or of the medical officer, and the censure on Dr. ANDREWS, therefore, implied in a portion of the verdict is, as we have already stated, uncalled-for and unwarranted. A NUMBER of witnesses have recently been examined by a Royal Commission appointed in Victoria to inquire into the administration of the Education Act, and the evidence adduced concerning the appointment and promotion of departmental officials is certainly of a very startling character. It has long been understood that neither simple merit nor long service was of itself a certain guarantee of promotion in any branch of the civil service, and it would now appear that both these combined are not sufficient in the Education Department to outweigh the claims of a man possessing good Parliamentary influence, even if he should have no other qualification. According to the testimony of the secretary, junior officers have been, without rhyme or reason, placed over the heads of their seniors; persons have been appointed without the permanent head of the department being consulted, and in some cases in opposition to his views; and in one instance an appointment was made of an uncertificated person. The existence of such a state of afikirs as this can have but one result the utter demoralisation of the service. A conscientious man would of course endeavor to do his duty at the outset, but he would have to bo something better than the average of mankind if he - did not after a time ose all heart in the performance of his work, and devote his energies rather to the gaining of that back-stairs influence which could alone help him to advancement. There was a loud flourish of trumpets some time ago with reference to the contemplated introduction of a sweeping reform in the Victorian civil service a reform which should take all patronage out of the hands of Ministers and vest it in a body independent of Parliament, this means alone can the abuses referred to be done away with, and the sooner, therefore, that such a change is brought about, the better it will be for the civil service and for the civil servants. If, however, such an alteration is needed in Vic. toria, h'ow.much more is it required in New South Wales 1 In Victoria there is a Civil Service Act, in Mew South Wales there is none, and consequently the evils which have arisen in connection with the administration of onedepartment in Victoriaare rampant here in all departments. Inpracticethe wholsome fear of a Parliamentary exposure serves to prevent any very glaring act of iiy'Mtice or favoritism, but it does not g prevent the appointment of utterly iheflicent persons, nor does it secure ,a duo recognition of merit, ability, and long service in the person of a man having no friend tip urge his claim on the political head of a department. .'•;.' APROPOS of the recent election for the municipal auditorship, public attention ® ay once more be directed to the necessity of a change being effected in the whole system of auditing. We have no hesitation in saving that the auditing of public accounts by local residents, if not absolutely a farce, at all events affords no guarantee of that searching investigation which is essential if the audit is to be a thorough test of the accuracy of the accounts submitted. A local audit may be an effectual one, but the chances are against it, for the following reasons:—In the first place, the person selected for the office of auditor is usually an amateur at the work, and as such, clearly less likely to perform it efficiently than one with whom the investigation of intricate accounts is an e very-day occupation. Instances have not been wanting of the concealment of defalcations for a long time, even when the books of the defaulter have been subject to periodical scrutiny at the hands of skilled accountants. How much more probable is it then that defalcations might be hidden from an amateur auditor i But there is a still graver objection to the system of local audits. The local auditor is generally a person of standing in the town, well known to everybody; and so is the person whose books have to be examined. Mo man is appointed to an important position of responsibility unless he bears a good character for ability and integrity. The ierefore enters upon his duties with an impression that the afiair is a mere matter of form—something to be gone through in order to comply with an Act of Parliament or some other regulation, but not in the least likely to lead to any undiscoveries. In this spirit the various entries are examined and checked, and vouchers are compared. If any trifling inaccuracy be detected, if any voucher be missing, an assurance that it is " all right," and that the document is only temporarily mislaid, is usually accepted. To refuse it would be for one gentleman to doubt the word of another gentleman with whom he is perhaps on terms of intimacy, or with whom he has perhaps business relations, or whom for some other reason it is not advisable to offend for such a trifle. Mow it is just this principle of taking anything upon trust in which lies the great danger of local auditing. If an audit is to be worth anything at all, it must be complete. Mot the smallest inaccuracy must be allowed to pass unchallenged; the absence of not a single voucher must be overlooked: and to secure such a crucial test as this the auditors must be Government officials, who having no other occupation would necessarily be adepts at their task, and who would be free from all temptation to make things pleasant for the officers with whom they came in contact. In the above remarks we have no desire to reflect upon any past or present auditors in this district, who, so far as we know, have discharged their'duties carefully and conscientiously, but the system of local auditing is so obviously rotten that the necessity for an alteration cannot too strongly be insisted upon. TAKE MEASUREMENT—'W. Murray, Mor- Te n - "7""it described contains 774 cubic yards 12 feet. f, Th ® ^EATHER—Doring the past week there has been another grand downpourof rain, the total fall amounting to nearly li inches. GOLDFIELDS WAEDEN.-Capt. Hare, police magistrate at Corowa, has been appointed Ut and districts belong Coining ST CHURCH, JINDERA.—A list of the contributions towards the erection of St. Pauls Church, Jindera, will be found in another column. TJLTII LEAGDE.-A meeti? ? « T??, tnem -J )era of the Kl 'e<™ and Mitta M^tta Railway Leag0e will be held at TaTlanatta on Tuesday next STOCK PASSINGS FOR WEEK.—300 cattle • (Ogilvie, owner) from Young ; 80 cattle from Victoria, (Hon. W. Wilson, owner) from Goonambil. . HUME FARMERS' UNION.—A meeting of the committee of the above society will be held to-morrow afternoon at Wedlock's hotel, Burrumbuttock, at 3 o'clock. To CORRESPONDENTS.—'" W. J. S."—It depends altogether on the nature of your agreement. Ton had better consult an attorney, as we cannot pretend to answer legal questions. THE TUMBARUMBA. RAILWAY.—The Wagga Wagga people are not going to sleep with regard to the Tumbarumba railway. It is proposed to send a deputation to Sydney on the subject at the opening of Parliament. DEPUTY ELECTORAL REGISTRAR—Mr. T. H. Robertson, of Hillsborough, has been appointed deputy electoral registrar for the Yackandanaah division of the electoral district of Benambra, vice H. M'Gowan, resigned. MISSION WORK IN INDIA,—A public meeting was held yesterday evening in the Church of England schoolroom, when the Rev. J. Cain delivered an interesting address on the subject of u Mission Work in India," illustrated by diagrams, &c.; THE MUNICIPAL AUDITORSHIP.—The polling for the election of a municipal auditor took place at the court-house on Saturday last, and resulted in the return of Mr. Jackson. The votes recorded were as followsJackson. 146 ; Darlot, 98. LITTLE BILLABONG TURF CLUB.—It is stated to be the intention of the Little Billabong Turf Club to present the handicapper, Sir. R. J. Mitchell, with a testimonial in recognition of the ability and zeal he has always brought to bear in the discharge of his duties. THE MUNICIPAL ASSESSMENT.—Ratepayers may be reminded that the Appeal Court will be held on Tuesday, 13th June, and that all persons desirous of appealing against the assessment of their properties must give notice in writing of such intention seven days before the date mentioned. THE RAILWAY EXTENSION.—The tender of Mr. Alexander Frew has been accepted for the extension of the Great Southern Railway to the Murray. The tender having been accepted at schedule prices, the exact sum cannot be given, but the total amount in round numbers is about .£55,000. THE HOSPITAL.—Mr. Alexander, who was recently appointed collector for the Albury Hospital in the country district, made a short tour last week among the German selectors in the Walla Walla, Mahonga, and Walbundrie districts, and succeeded in obtaining, mostly in small amounts, a sum of £15 odd. SERVICE or SONG.—By advertisment it is announced that a Service of Song will be given by the Wesleyan Choir on Tuesday next, in the schoolroom. This entertainment has been most successfully rendered at Wodonga, and Bungowannab, and will afford very great enjoyment to all who hear it. THE LAMBING.—We are glad to learn that on Tabletop, Gerogery, Walla Walla, and Tarra Yarra stations, the lambing is likely to turn out very well. In the district generally it is to be feared that the results will not be so satisfactory, as the ewes have been much weakened by the consequences of the late severe drought. THE GERMANTON BANQUET.—The banquet to Mr. W. J. Lyne at Germanton on Wednesday last turned out very successful. Mr. M'Liurin, of Yarra Yarra, occupied the chair, and Mr. A- Ross the vice-chair. Over seventy guests sat down to dinner, which was well served at the Criterion Hotel. A report of the proceedings is unavoidably held over. DEATH AT THE GAOL.—A man named Thomas Madigan was brought up at the local police court a few days fince on a charge of being of unsound mind. He was remanded to gaol for medical treatment, and died at the end of last week. An inquest was held OD the remains by Mr, Maunsell, district coroner on Saturday. ORCHESTRAL AND GLEE SOCIETY.—The first concert of the Albury Orchestral and Glee Society will be held in the course of a fortnight. Amongst the vocalists who have kindly promised to assist are Mr. Stakcr, of the Melbourne Liedertafel; Mr. O'Brien, conductor of the choir at St. Patrick's; and a number of the leading local amateurs. TENDERS ACCEPTED.—'The tender of T. Allcock has been accepted for the supply of 1000 tons of firewood at the Wodonga railway station, at 8s. 9d. per ton. The following tenders have been accepted for Government road-works in this district:—J. Fitzgerald, contract 5K, road Albury to Tocumwal ; and section No. 2 of same contract. UNSOUND MIND.—A man named Patrick IteUly was brought up at the police court yesterday on a charge of lunacy. Mr. C. Waite, of Wagra, deposed to the fact ol Reilly having behaved in a veiy eccentric manner, and having talked very incoherently. He was remanded to gaol for medical treatment in accordance with the recommendation of the Government medical officer. UPPER MURRAY RAILWAY.—A correspondent writes :—« The committee of the Upper Murray Railway League held a largely attended meeting on the 27th inst. at the Corryong Hotel. Public meetings, I think, should by all means be held in the Corryong Athen®um, as the place where the meeting was held, would only accommodate about 20 persons, and the rest had to stand outside." To CLERGYMEN.—'The attention of clergymen is directed to an advertisment in another column. For some lime past much inconve- nience has been caused on the day of publishing by the late arrival of notices of church services. These notices occupy a column which should be in type early on Wedoesdaj*, aud in future we shall be obliged to hold over any coming later. ME. D. M'GAURAN.—'The friends of Mr. D. M'Gauran, who for some years has held the position of telegraph stationmaster in Albury, will be glad to learn that he is about to be promoted to a higher position in the service. During his residence in this town Mr. M'Gauran has gained the respect of all with whom he has been brought into contact, by the uniform courtesy with which he has discharged his duties. A MARSUPIAL GHOST.—Our Corowa correspondent writes :—" For years it has been reported that a ghost of a murdered man haunted the Billabong. I have much pleasure in informing any travellers that the reported Billabong gho3t, owing to the late stringent measures adopted by the Stock and Pastures Board, has fallen a victim to the rifle of of the hunter. It turns out to be a white kangaroo, the skin of which has been purchased by Mr. H. Culley, of Urana." THE TOBACCO CROP.—The tobacco crop, which is now being harvested in various parts of the district, is considerably less than that of last year. In the immediate neighborhood of town the total yield is estimated at about 25 tons, one buyer alone purchasing three times that quantity last year. On the Victorian side of the river the total crop is considered likely to reach 250 tons. Tbe quality of the leaf generally is good, and the price obtained so far has ranged from 5d. to 7d. per lb. FATAL ACCIDENT NEAR YACKANDANDAH.— It will be remembered that last summer three sisters named Pastorelli were drowned near the wharf at Albury. We now learn that their brother has also met with an untimely end. The unfortunate boy, who was only 17 years of age, was crushed to death on Saturday last by a fall of earth in a mining claim at Clear Creek, near Yackaudandah. A magisterial inquiry held into the circumstances resulted in a verdict of accidental death. MR. C. E. JONES.—This celebrated lecturer will re-visit Albury next week, and deliver lectures at the Exchange Theatre oil the evenings of Thursday, 8th, and Friday, 9th June. The subject on tbe first evening is " American Humoristson the second evening," Two Napoleons. It will be observed from an advertisement elsewhere that the charge for admission is lowered, but even without this inducement Mr. Jones would assuredly command a crowded house. FOOTBALL.—A match took place on Saturday last upon the Albury ground between the Albury and Wag^a Wagga Football Clubs. The day was bright and pleasant, but the ground was a little too eoft after the recent < heavy rains. After a capital contest, in the ; course of which it became evident that the two teams were pretty evenly matched, the game resulted in a draw in iavor of the local men. The scores were :—Albury, 1 goal and 7 behinds ; Wagga Wagga, 1 goal and 4 behinds. THE TUMBARUMBA LOCKUP.—The following letter has been received by Mr. Levin : — " Police Department, Inspector-General'6 Office, Sydney, 23rd May, 1682. Sir,—I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 19th inst. respecting the unsightly and dilapidated state of the lockup at Tumbarumba, and to inform you in reply that I have applied to the Government for the erection of a new lockup.—I have, &c.;, EDMUND FOSBERY, Inspector-General of Police." SCARCITY OF TEAMS.—In our last issne several advertisements appeared for teams re- quired in various parts of the colony. We now bear that they are just as urgently needed here. As a consequence of the long drought irom which the country has not yet recovered, there is no feed for bullocks on any of the roads. Stock are also in poor condition, and not in a fit state to travel. Horse-feed, on the other hand, is extremely dear, so that a good many teamsters have taken their waggons off the road for a time. GERMANTON LICENSING COURT.—In reply to a recent letter on the subject, Mr. Lyne has received the following :— il Department of Justice, Sydney, 18th May, 1882. Sir,—In reply to your letter of the 9th inst., recommending the establishment of Licensing Courts at Germanton aud Tumbarumba, I am directed by the Minister of Justice to inform you that the matter is still under consideration, but it does not appear that the courts can be established at present.—I have, &c.;, W. E. PLUN- KET, Under-Secretary." THE CONTENTS OF HAYSTACKS.—A correspondent writes to ask how to measure tbe contents of haystacks. It is impossible to answer this question unless the shape of the stack be given, and even then accuracy can hardly be attained, as the weight of a cubic yard of hay must vary with the density of the stack. If our correspondent will send a sketch of the stack, with full measurements, we will give him the contents in yards, and then by weighing a truss of given dimensions he will be in a position to calculate the weight of the stack himself. ALLUVIAL MINING AT BLACK RANGE.— During the past fortnight the manager has been engaged in putting in a drive on the false bottom. The washdirt that is taken out is of course preserved, but has not yet been prospected. From the clayey Dature of the stuff, it will have to be puddled. The manager iB of opinion that the shaft cannot be bottomed with the present appliances, though with proper machinery there would be no difficulty in the matter* It is to be hoped sufficient capital may be obtained for the purpose of testing tbe ground in a proper and systematic fashion. A DIAMOND DRILL FOR WOOMARGAMA.— The following letter has been received by Mr. Lyne :—" Department of Mines, Sydney, 18th May, 1882. Sir,—I have the honor, bydirection of the Secretary for Mines, to acknowledge tbe receipt of your letter of the 10th inst., referring to an application made through you by the residents of the Woomargatna portion of the Hume district for a diamond drill to prospect that locality, and I am directed to inform you that steps are being taken in connection with the matter, and as soon as they are completed the application will be taken intoconsideration.—I have &C.;,HARRIE WOOD, Under-Secretary." A NARROW ESCAPE.—At the Wagra and Bungil ford, on Monday morning last, a man on horseback attempted to cross from the Bungil station. He was warned that the river was rising and had not been fordable for days, but persisted in his attempt. Soon after entering the river the horse was taken off its le^s by the powerful current, and the rider slipping out of the saddle, cluog for some time to the stirrup-leather. Ultimately he managed to scramble on to a log, from which he was rescued. The horse was carried a considerable distance down the stream, and when it was got out of the river had to be shot, as it had sustained a fracture of the thigh. PASTORAL AND AGRICULTURAL.—Thechange that has been effected in the appearance of the pastures during the past few weeks is as satisfactory as it is surprising In places where a month ago the water-channels were dried up and the dams empty, there is now an abundant supply of water and a fair prospect ol good feed at an early date. The grass is not very hif»h as yet, but stock can manage to get a fair bite, and if ouly the frosts keep away there will soon be abundance. Ploughing and sowing are well-nigh completed, and in some parts the crops are above ground and are looking well. So far as we have been able to gather, the area under wheat will be greater than in any previous season. TUMBARUMBA RECREATION RESERVE.—Mr. W. J. Lyne received the following letter a few days since :—" Department of Lands, Sydney, May 3,1882. Sir,—Iu reference to your letter of the 27th ult. suggesting certain alterations in the extension of the Tumbarumba recreation reserve, I have the honor to inlorm you that the approval given was for an extension 10 chains north, with access to the Tumbarumba Creek, and the papers are now with Mr. District-Surveyor Wood for the survey of the land. I am to add that your communication will be forwarded to the surveyor iu connection with the previous papers, and for report as to tbe proposed alterations.—I have, &C.;, CHARLES OLIVER, Under-Secretary." RIDING ON THE FOOTPATHS.—Some years ago a child was run over and killed by a young man who was driving a cart over the footpath in one of the streets of the town. It some alteration be not effected in the present system of riding and driving adopted by juvenile butchers and bakers, we 6hall soon have to report another coroner's inquest on a death caused in the same way. One or two youths in particular have a kind of mania for galloping along the footways, to tbe imminent danger of shoals of young Alburvites who, being, after the manner of their kind all the world over, thoroughly engrossed in the manufacture of dirt pies, fail to see the danger till the horses are almost upon them. BLIND ASTLUH CONCERT.—A concert will be given at the Exchange Theatre to-morrow evening by pupils of the Victorian Asylum and School for the Blind, tbe baud and choir of the institution numbering 32 performers. At the close of the performance, brushware and wool-work, manufactured iu the asylum, will be offered for 6alc. As the vocal and instrumental attainments oftbe majority of the part}' are said to be of a very high order, the people of Albury have a musical treat in storeforthem. We notice that on Sunday the whole company will act as a choir in St. Matthew's Church, morning and evening, a blind organist conducting the musical portion ol the service. The collections in excess of the average offertory will be in aid of the funds of the asylum, which are said to be in great need of support. OBSTRUCTION OF THE FOOTPATH IS SMOLLETT-STREET.—It is about time that the obstruction of the footway in Smollett-street which occurs every Sunday morning was put a stop to. We refer to the long string of horses, buggies, waggons, and spring-carts which are regularly made fast to the fence on the south side of the street whilst the owners are at St. Patrick's. The thing might be in some sort excusable if all worshippers went to church on horseback or in a vehicle, though even then non-churchgoers might reasonably object to 6uch a blocking of a principal thoroughfare. But it so happens that most people walk to church, and it is certainly unreasonable that they should be forced to leave the footpath for the middle of the muddy road on a wet day, as the only way of escaping the danger of a chance kick from the animals tied up. A CUT-THROAT RAILWAY POLICI".—We take the following from the Hamilton Spectator :— " Surely the Riverina squatters are the most fortunate of their class, at least in one respect. They are situated on the border land between tbe two colonies of Victoria and New South Wales. Now that the railway system of or-r neighbors has reached that of Victoria a bidding is taking place for the carriage of tbe Riverina squatters' wool that threatens to eventuate in a state of thing that I remember occurring between two rival steamers: the touts of either boat worked with a will, and a poor Irishman was acluilly carried off triumphantly from Ihe Opposition and nearly carried on hoard. Bye and bye the collector came round for the fares, and was met by the astonished Iiishman with—' The fare, is it ? why I could have gone with the other man, but I gave you the preference.'" THE FIRE BRIGADE DEMONSTRATION.—The fire brigades competitions were brought to a close last Saturday, when the four events remaining on the programme were run off. The weather was pleasant, and the Representative Race produced a splendid contest, resulting in a lie between the Ballarat teams. The tie was subsequently ran off, and ended in a rather easy victory for Ballarat City. The Williamstown brigade succeeded in winning the Hose Race. For the Hose Practice lor Three Men there were numerous entries, the competition being won by Carlton Brewery. In the Special Engine Practice the Corowa brigade left all the other competitors far in the rear, aud won the event in the fastest time recorded. The down-river team have thus again distinguished themselves, and may be congratulated on tbe steadiness, smartness, and good drilling of which their frequent successes have given such unmistakable evidence. ALBunr PoLrcE COURT.—At this court on Friday last the following cases were dealt with:—Thomas Rogan was charged with being of unsound mind. Captain Battye, Superintendent of Police, deposed to having ordered the arrest of the defendant on the previous day, as he was talking incoherently and unfit to take care of himself; on inquiry witness found that the defendant bad been drinking for some time, but was otherwise a man of good character. Constable Hereford, lockupkeeper, deposed to the prisoner having been arrested by bim on the previous day ; he was very restless all night, and complained that it was raining in the cell. Dr. Andrews, Go- vernment medical officer, deposed to having examined the prisoner, who was suffering from the effects of drink, and unfit to be at Targe ; witness recommended a remand for medical treatment, unless sureties were forthcoming for the safe custody of the man. Remanded for three days. B. Sheahy, charged with drunkenness, was fined 5s. A HINT TO FARMERS.—A Melbourne malting firm, in a letter to a Ballarat contempony, strongly advise farmers not to neglect to sow barley. They point out that owing to ths high prices realizing just now for -wheat, farmers will probably sow more of that crop than usual, neglecting in tbe meantime the English barley crop. They also remind farmers that a high price at seeding time does not necessarily mean a continuance of those rates until the ingathering of the harvest, more especially as the English and American crops are in a forward condition. The advice offered by the malting firm is worthy of careful consideration, and it must be remembered that whilst we must rely upon England as a market for our surplus wheat, and the London rale will of course rule our own, there is a good and growing local demand for malting grain. It is also asserted that the excellence of Victorian malt is of so pronounced a character as to force the English grain out of the market. A telegram from Shepparton in The Argus says that malting barley is in great request, and prices are likely to advance considerably. The district has been cleared by the sale of 4000 bags in one parcel at a price withheld. KRRTY BAGNALL.—On the 26th ult., before the local bench, Katherine Bagnall, an old woman living in a hut on the Hospital Hill, was charged with having no lawful visible means of support. Constable Hereford de- posed ; Yesterday morning, in company with constable Hoban, I found (he woman in a small hut, into which the rain was pouring ; the roof was full of holes, and the rain came down into her bed ; the place is not fit for human habitation ; she told me she had been living here for 30 years, and that she subsisted on charity : I took her to the lock-up on a charge of having no lawful visil'le means of support. The next witness was the Revd. A. D. Acocks, who deposed : I have known Kitty Bagnall for the last 10 years, and have frequently assisted her ; for the last month she has been complaining of illness : the day before yesterday Mrs. Acocks sent to see how she was; the person sent found the woman in bed ; the rain was pouring into the bed, and her clothes saturated wiili water ; she has been supported by alms; I caused her to be taken to the hospital, but she could not be admitted, and I then applied to the police. The prisoner was remanded for seven days to the gaol for protection. NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.—The following is a summary of the principal advertisements that appear for the first time ia this issue : All persone indebted to the late Mr. A. E. Heath are requested to settle their accounts ; Mr. J. Toohey has been appointed agent for Mr. F. G. Plunkett; timber of all kinds at the Old Mill yard ; information wanted te Charles Forbes; cheap clothes for working men at Henderson's; Clydesdale horse "Sandy" for sale ; Edward Williamson is advertised lor • trespassers in Mr. Kolb's paddocks will be prosecuted ; trespassers on Mr. W. C. M'Farlane's land will be prosecuted ; Wodonga Shire Council invite tenders for works ; Mr. Lovett, teacher of dancing, attends at Howlong on 3rd June ; Mr. Conley has several valuable town lots for sale ; Mr. J. Cusack advertises an auction sale for the 2Stli and 29th June; Tattersall's consultations ; Mr. R. B. Davie's new timber yard, Wodonga ; Messrs F. and A. Piggin sell dairy cattle at Corowa on 10th June; brickmakeis wanted. 