COUNTRY SKETCHES. THE CONFESSIONS OF A SUN downer. Bt S. S. It was a very hot day as we toiled along under the weight of our heavy swags, my mate and I. We were looking for shearing, and we had heard at the last station that they started at T within the week. We hurried on to get our nameB down. Numbers of swell ehearers passed ub on the road in regular bush siyle with packhorses, bells and hobbles, quart pots, ic., making a rare rattle as they jogged merrily along, all making for the same goal. We had luck, and got our names down, and then we waited for sun down to get the regulation pannikin of flour and bit of meat. The storekeeper, a six-foot Irishman, served them out as the sun got low, and many were the calls on him for bits of tobacco, or tea and sugar, but his heart was hardened, and few of these calls were {U)8W6I6di We were all camped along the river banks before shearing started, and* at night the ruddy glare of many bright fires, with dark fignres flitting backwards and forwards before them, made a pleasing eight for those who arrived after nightfall at the close of a long, weary day's walk, crossing the plains. The troubles are all over, for the time, at least, when the billy is boiled, the tea and sngar thrown in, and the white damper drawn from the hot wood ashes. After supper the pipes are lit, and the old hands tell yarus of days gone by, glorious stories of old times in the diggings, when gold was very plentiful. Then the blankets are unrolled, and the weary travellers drop off to sleep; the fires slowly go ont, leaving nothing but heaps of red &Bhes.; Midnight brings a great quiet; all through the bush nothing is heard but the croak of countless frogs in the far-off swamp; now and then the wild, weird sound of the blacks holding high corroboree in their gunyahs by the river is borne along through the night air, making the quiet seem all the greater as the echoes die away through the gloomy foreBt. We numbered 70 odd in the Bhed that year —a rough, rowdy lot, and no mistake. Oar boB8 web a bit of a terror, too, and sacked the black sheep amongst us right and left for the first two weeks. The managers give us poor shearers a very bad name, and, indeed, not without cause in a number of cases. A lot of real bad characters get together at nearly every shed, and gambling goes on night and day. I have seen as much as a hundred pounds change hands in a very short time at a game called " heading them." This is sup posed to be a game of chance, but it is often made otherwise by the use of double-headed coins called " nobs a coin with two tails is called " a grey." They are made by filing down two coins and joining them together. Numbers of them are manufactured by the old hands; in fact, it is quite a trade with some of them, as it requires a certain amount of ekill and a large amount of roguery com bined to turn them out well. Next to the man over the board, the store keeper has, I think, the hardest times of it during a shearing season. Shearers are pro verbially hard to deal with, and added to that they look upon a storekeeper aB a kind of in- i ferioranimaL His requirements to make a suc cess are many; he should be a second Job for patience, and on occasion Bhould be able to lie freely with a good conscience. I have seen many of them grind their teeth when a shearer would keep tbem waiting half an hour at a etretch trying a new pair of Bheara or taking stock of a new Turkey stone. They will open and Bhut a pair of shears 50 times, turn them over, and look down the edge as many more, then add insult to injury by trying to beat down the price. The choice of a stone is equally beart-rending; the worry ing that a respectable Turkey stone gets at the hande of a shearer before he thinks of buying it is awful to contemplate. They start by rubbing a shilling up and down its surface five or six rimes to see how hard it is, then it geta a lick, and an application of the business side of the Bbearer'e front teeth to try it still farther. In five cases out of ten it is handed back, and the storekeeper is told in Btrict confidence and in emphatic language that it's not worth a . We bad the usual visitation of a parson. He arrived one afternoon and got leave from the manager of the shed to bold_ forth that night in the shearers' hut. It is usual. in such cases to get up a subscription for the good of the church. He did not wish for this, but was imperative about having a Bible, as he had forgotten hiB own. Our manager went round all the huts trying to get one. The search was fruitless; no swag held such a thing. An old prayerbook -was fossicked out by eome one and duly handed to the man of God as the nearest approach to the book required. The manager was rather put out about the scarcity of Bibles, but he consoled himself with the reflection that the station had got 80 per cent, of lambs, and that they would shear three hundred thousand sheep, and then he Bettled himself down with a brave heart for three- quarters of an hour of it. We did a long tramp through the Riverina country two years ago M looking for work." This is another great bone of contention be tween the squatter and working hands. Numbers of men go the rounds of the stations, asking for work everywhere without; the remotest idea of ever doing any. They always stick at the price offered, and quote Mr. So-and-so, of the next etation, who is giving double that amount. In fact, all they require is supper at the squatter's expense, and getting that they are satisfied. In these parts men of this kind are known as " Murrumbidgee whalers." They also act in the capacity of floor inspectors for the stations on the track. Should the flour at any place contain weevils or other foreign matters it is the talk of all the travellers' huts for a hundred miles round. A few such bags judiciously served out will materially help in keeping down the flonr bill, and at the same time will bring down a lot of hearty Australian curses on the head of their distri butor. These old fellows also pride themselves much on their native sharpness in getting round the storekeeper. I have heard them telling yarns with great gusto of how they had got rations two or three nights vanning, from the unsuspecting tea and sugar overseer. I knew a storekeeper once who hit. upon a happy way of knowing a man the second time of asking. He procured a pot of white paint, and as each man left the store with his radons he splashed a little of the paint on his coat—if be had one—or failing that, on ibis hade. This answered very well for a while, hat he was found ont at last, and fonr indignant sundowners introduced him to the flour-bin, out of which he came a whiter and possibly a wiser msn. He is the.owner of a station now, but I am sure that many dry (Seasons have not eradicated that night front his memory. Wa had been to Victoria for the harvest {season. We: crossed the border again, {heading for the Murrumbidgee oountry past X township, which looks as if it: had bean dropped on the plain by miataka We made for W station, and saw its shining roofs through the trees an hour before sunset. We took a spell by the white gate of the horse-paddock. On the hard red ground close by was marked out in beautiful white lines a lawn-tennis court. My mate, whose ideas on such points were rather vague, hinted darkly as to what use it had been put; but the only conclusion to which he could come was that the _ plan for a new grog shanty had just been laid out, The ghosts of many games played in days gone by, in which I myself had figured, came thickly up before me, but I was quickly brought to earth again ; it was sundown, and we had Bupper to get. Hunger puts a moat effectual stop to all moralising, as those who have per force tried it know. A man cannot give up his whole soul to the contemplation of the beautiful while he is oppressed by a longing for dinner. To be great he mast have a noble disregard for each a minor consideration as to morrow's breakfast. In the huts at night nearly all the conversation turns on the Squatter, his ways and means, bis flour, if it is good, bad, or worse, and if he has ever been known to open his heart in the tea and sugar line. The best feeding track is strongly marked out by the feet of many swagmen. They can also tell to a nicety in which station-hut the best cook is to be found. The traveller considers he has gained a great point when he is allowed by a squatter to stop in the men's hut for a night A chance like this is made the most of; the tea, sugar, and flour bags of these worthies have quite a plethoric appearance after such a night, and they go on their way rejoicing with much broken victuals and other good things to smooth the weary road. Newa like this travels far and wide, and bitter is the disappointment when the expectant traveller is served out with the proverbial pannikin of flour, instead of having the chance of re plenishing hiB long-suffering ration bags at the station expense while putting in a night at the men's hut The wages question is also enlarged upon to a great extent round the camp Are. In the mind of theawagman : there is a great gulf fixed between the station that gives 20a. per week and its neighbour who gives 25s. (the former, I may remark, iB the price most often met with), while the owner who would introduce the 15s. rate is held up as a mark for the scorn and de rision of all right- thinking men. The tra velling poet adds to this by expending much energy and charcoal in writing Btanzas on the Bides of the huts to his memory. I once heard a squatter say, " If a man is not worth twenty shillings per week be is not worth keeping," and I agree with him. At the same time, it is a bad|plan to have one stated price, and never to depart from it. Some men will always work harder and be worth more than others, and it is only right that some distinction Bhould be made. The fairest way is to pay according to the work done. The Bmall contract By stem is coming greatly into vogue now on numbers of stations, with most satisfactory results. Not only the work is done better and quicker, but the owner has not got to be continually watching his men to Bee that they keep up to the mark. Of course, plenty of station work cannot be done in this way—wages must be paid. Then by all means pay them on the distinction system, and the squatter will find that bis work is done all the better, and, what is more, he will not be out of pocket by it And thus the sundowner travels all over the country, working sometimes, but more often —especially during the long hot summer days —wandering through the land from station to station leading an idle sleepy life, travel ling often by nigbt and sleeping away the hot days under the shade of some box or gum tree, with the never ceasing ham of many insects, or the rippling of the water in the big river for their lullaby. Thus they go year after year until old age brings them up with its quick jerk and compels them to leave old , friendB and associations to seek a shelter in some Benevolent Asylum. But they can I never reconcile themselves to this great 1 change, they have been on the road too long for that; luckily for them death at euch times is not far off, and when from weakness and ! old age they can no longer wander feebly , along the well-remembered tracks, death Boon takes them for himself. So it baa been for many years in this country, and so it will last, I suppose, for all time. 