GHOSTS EXPLAINED AWAY. A philosophic explanation of ghost-seeing is given hy J. Mortimer Granville,M.D., whowriteB: In the search for the truth about ghostB it would be in the last dogree ungrateful to forget the vast and varied serieB of experiments which nature, in her disorderly moods, has made, and is daily mak ing for our enlightenment in the department of modern psychology. Not only the aotually in sane, from whom little that is intelligible enough to be direotly instructive can be learned, but the largo class of neurotio folk ever hovering on the border land of insanity, frequently see "ghosts," and to their supposed powers of perception \- ' .Xi :thß;;spGßte/4' delusions or,'hallucinations (which; :* ever they may be) that are present to the distorted imagination seem as real as the other objects they see around them. I say other objects, because there is no reason to doubt that these visions which distress the con sciousness and often embitter the lives of the morbidly imaginative are just as truly objective as the majority of the things seen, or assumed to be seen, by thestrongminded and perfectly sane. Let me state three propositions :-1. Tho act of seeing, whether performed by a healthy or un healthy seer, is essentially a compound and com plex process. The "mind's eye" is even more actively concerned in the performance of the functions than tho eye of the body. lb is the mental image of the object we see, not the physi cal picture. We see what we can perceive or what we are able to recognise, which implies previous knowledge and memory. 2. Inasmuch as the mind plays a conspicuous part in the act of seeing, what is seen may differ greatly from that which exists. 3. A thought, or any sense impression, acting on the mind in such a way as to call the power of picture- making into operation, will do as well as an external object to supply the key-noto of a vision. If these proposi tions are accepted as accurate, though crudo and incomplete statements of fact, it follows that it mutt be possible to see anything in the existence of which we believe-anything, it is as truly ob jective to ÜB as if it had a substantive existence. Without the smallest leaning toward the philoso [ phy of Berkeley, I am convinced that the brain function has the power of projecting mental pictures on to the retina. The mental image may be transmited, or, as it were, telegraphed along or reproduced by the optic nerve on the retina, mind and body functions thus mingling in the act of producing the vision. This is, in my judgment, how " ghosts" are seen, and if one person sees a I vision or spectre, any one else who is in sym pathetic or harmonious nervo vibrations with him may see it too. 