Sfcetcbey. A SPECULATIVE SPIRIT. Now, to understand the solemnity of this story you must believe that Hopkins was a man entirely without imagination — Frank Blair and I decided that when wo first made his acquaintance, years ago ; and havo never changed our opinion. We were then two' young geniuses who hoped to soar to famo on the wings of art, tho most imaginative art of all, figure painting : and we knew and were glad to hail imagination wherever we saw it. Besides, as Blair truly remarked, Hopkins was a man whoso vocation it was to make money, somehow, on the Stock Ex change ; so one might as well look for imagin ation in a model engaged at a shilling an hour. Then again, tho man's face was suffi cient to assure you that he was not blessed with any such quality. It is a largo face, rather fiabby and sprinkled with freckles ; the nose is short and thick, and lip, chin, and cheeks, quite destitute of hair. Hopkin's bpdy, too, is slmost inclined to corpulence ; ho dresses in a commonplace manner, his fingers aro short and thick ; so I think we may safely settle, to start with, that Hopkins is a very ordinary man, and lias no imagin ation. ? I scarcely remember how we first fore gathered with Hopkins. He was hardly the man we should have chosen for an intimate friend ; yet, at one time, we saw a good deal of him. In those jolly old days Frank and I lodged in modest rooms together and shared a studio. I think Mr. Lovi Solomon, the picture-dealer, to whom, when hardly pressed, we would sell a picture or two, brought him to us as a gentleman who desired a personal interview. It was, of course, against Solomon's secret wishes that the introduction tookplace, as the worthy Israelite did not approve of di rect transactions botween artist and collector ; but Hopkins was doubtless a good customer and stood firm, so one day Solomon con ducted him to our studio. We must have been in funds at thatmoment,for I remember we treated poor Solomon rather cavalierly ; and as for Hopkins, wo looked upon him as a being from a lower sphere ; a Philistine ; a creature whose presence in the world could only be tolerated from the stern necessity that an artist must sell his pictures so someone, in order to live. Our ideas of the grandeur and importance of tho true mission of art were very lofty in those days, especially if we happened to have a few pounds in ourpockets. Hopkins, to us, was one of a class ofmenwho buy young artists' pictures, solely with a view of realising hundreds per cent, on tho invest ments when famo comes to tho painter. However, whether from mercenary inclina tions, or for tho many good qualities that adorned us, Hopkins took a great fancy to us and sought our society from that day. Of course he had the usual commercial faults,' and not a few defects of education; but he had a great and proper reverence for genius, and delighted to do it homage — at least so wo understood the meaning of thoso little dinners he gave us, at his own chambers and various other places. As artists, after all, are but mortal, and, when young and strug gling, not too highly fed, we accepted Hop kins's attentions in the spirit wo fancied they were meant, and, after a bit, tolerated him ; indeed, oven began to think ho was a desir able acquaintance — so, moved by a feeling of gratitude for his civilities, only doubled tho market-price of the pictures we could at times induce him to buy. We enjoyed tho dinners he gave us very much, but I am sure Hopkins enjoyed himself more when we were kind enough to conde scend to invito him to spend an evening at our lodgings. Ho gave us Lafitte and choice cigars ; we only placed pipes and whisky upon the table ; but then, as ho said, our rooms, if humble, wero tho abode of art, which he honored. Altogether Hopkins was not a bad sort, and those wero merry old times. If Hopkins did not himself take a leading part in the conversation during these evening entertainments, ho was at least, a capital listener; and, somehow, when Frank Blair and I, as was our wont, got into lively discus sions on things in general, and artin particu lar, we had contracted tho habit of addressing our remarks to our guest, much in the same way that honorable membors address their words to the Speaker. Hopkins would sit in the crazy armchair and listen with a sort of stolid impartiality, but rarely ventured to make a remark on his own account. Occa sionally I fancied his face during our talk would wear an expression of content, but should not like to be rash enough to assert even that much. Ho would sit smoking his pipe or cigar, but the. nearest approach ho made to entering into tho discussion was by giving an occasional grunt, which might bo either of approbation or condemnation, as those who heard chose to construe it. Some times, for want of better amusement, Frank and I would join our forces together, and chaff our friend unmercifully. He boro our sallies of wit very well, and seemed to like us none the worse that we made fun at his ex pense. Yet there was little fun in it, after all ; and we decided that, except to keep our hands in, it was scarcely worth while to waste our fine passes on a man who was so unre sisting, and knew so littlcof fence. But one unlucky evening he brought upon himself a regular onslaught. : We had been dilating upon tho charms of an artist's life, and asserting its moral super iority to that of any trade, when our friend sighed deeply and said : : ' Sometimes, do you know, I think had I learnt to draw when a boy, I might havo dono something in your line. But now I am afraid it is too late.' The idea was so presumptuous that we felt it demanded instant and severe punishment, bo Frank said gently : ' My dear fellow, you draw somo things very nicely now, oven without an artist's edu eation-rcheques for instance.' I followed more severely : ' Mr. Hopkins, allow mo to warn you against falling into tho error of that general public which you so well represent, in think ing that the execution alone makes the artist. An artist, as I understand tho word, must have many qualities besides manual dexterity. Ho must have, in addition, many of tho gifts of tho poet, and amongst them, that greatest gift of all, imagination. Now, you, my dear sir, I am afraid aro not very groat at that.' Poor Hopkins said nothing, evidently con vinced, by Frank's sarcasm, and my ponder ous arguments, that his case was a hopeless one. ' Do you over dream?' asked Frank. ' Not very often,' replied Hopkins, ' only after curried lobster or crab, or something of that sort. I am a very sound sleeper.' ' Then you sec, if you can't dream with out tho assistance of indigestible food, you can't imagine, and I, with overy wish to en courage incipient talent, should advise you not to adopt the professon of an artist.' ' Well, well,' said Hopkins, ?' Lot us say no more about it,' and ho sighed again. But wo were not inclined to let him off so easily, and went on in tho Hamo voin, till wo woro weary, and tossed him and his aspirat ions about between us like a ball. Wo treat ed him very badly, and ho must have been tho best tempered, or tho thickest skinned of men, to have stood it without showing anger. Tired at last of baiting our imperturbable friend wo turned to other topics. ' Soon Jones's new pieturo?' asked Frank. ' Yes. Don't caro much for it,' I replied ; ' men shouldn't try to paint old subjeots unless thov can treat thorn in a now manner.' ' Well, It must bo hard to Blrike out a now lrho with Hamlet and tho ghost. I never tried to paint a ghost, so I don't know w.hat I should mako of it.' ' I shall wait till I see one, and then offer it handsome terms for a few sittings. I think thero is something to be done with ghosts, but they must bo of an original kind — not conventional, like Jones's.' 'Hang it; no. They aro always the same — thinly painted, with something placed con voniontly behind them, to show their trans parency. I wouldn't care to paint a ghost of that sort ; pcoplo only laugh at them : but I should like to put that creepy sensation on canvas — that fcoling^that something uncanny is about.' , ' Woll, when someone does see a ghost, we may get tho correct thing ; not till then.' 'Ghosts .ain't visible,' said. Hopkins, solemnly ; ' but, for all that, thero aro ghosts.' A remark liko this from Hopkins was an event not likoly to bo passed by, so wo cried in a breath : ' What do you know about ghosts ? Ever troubled with them ?' fie took his pipo from his lips, and said quietly : ' If you young fellows won't laugh too much, I don't mind tolling your' ? We promised tho gravity of Solon, and Frank winked at me in so barefaced a man ner, that anybody but our unobservant friend would have seen it, and at once declined speaking. However, no mischief was done, for in deep accents ho began : ' You remember ? ' ' Stop a bit,' I said ; ' I can tell from tho way the story opens it is going to be some thing awful. Lot us fill the glasses first.' We did so. .' Now iiro away, old fellow, and don't, please, embellish your truthful tale with too many flowers of fancy.' Hopkins paused a little. '? Look here,' he said, ' yon won't mention this to anybody, as I should not like the pop ple on tho Stock Exchange to hear of it. They chaff so.' We vowed tbat wild horsc3 should not rend the terrible revelation from our bosoms. Hopkins began again : ' You remember my late partner, poor old liobbott?' ' Never oven heard of him,' interrupted Blair. ' Ah, to bo sure. Before your time. Well, our firm was — indeed, is now — Bobbott, Hop kins and Company.' ' What business?' I asked with an air of a cross-examining counsel. ' Stock- jobbers. Office, Capel Court,' said Hopkins, with a return lo his usual bre vity. 'Excuse my interrupting your interest ing tale,' said Frank, '? but what is a stock jobber? Something eminently respectable, honest, and lucrative, I have no doubt. But what is it?' ? Hopkins summed up his profession briefly, thus ; ' You want to sell stock — another man wants to buy stock — you go to a broker — he goes to a broker — both brokers go to a jobber, or dealer, which .sounds nicer — your broker sells him the stock, his broker buys it of him. That's a stock-jobber's business in a nut: shell.' ' But as I am ignorant of all transactions in stock, I fail to sco tho pull of it.' ' Well, your broker sells it lo me for, say, one hundred and twenty; the other man's broker buys it for mo for, say, one hundred and twenty-one ; and that's the way we mako our living.' ' That is a nice business,' said Blair, in tones of admiration ; ' so easy, just the thing' to suit you, I should think.' ' Don't listen to him,' I cried ; ' go on with your tale.' Hopkins, not tho least discomposed by the interruptions, proceeded : ' Old Bobbett was my partner, and a capital partner he was — sharp as a needle, and bold as a lion, and always fair in his dealings be tween partner and partner. Tho only fault I had to find with him was that ho was a little too fond of speculating on his own account. I liko best to let people speculate through me. It pays best in tho long run, and you sleep much sounder when a rising or falling market don't make a difference of a thousand or so to you. But Bobbett couldn't keep out of it. The excitement was everything to him, and I must say he was very clever ; seldom making a bad mistake. He gave all his time to it and had the most marvellous way of picking up information beforo other people. I never knew where ho got his tips, but when he strolled into tho office of a morning and said, ' Bettor Bell or buy North British, Brighton As,' or what else it might be, I knew ho had heard something, and thero would be a move ono way or another in tho stocks ho named. I tell you I used to got very frightened at first, especially when we did make losses ; but at each year's end I found tho balance the right side, so, at last, I came to trust Bobbott implicitly — let him do just as ho liked ; and if he had told mo consols wero going to drop to eighty, I think I should havo believed him. Poor old Bobbott !' Hopkins paused here. It might have been from the emotion caused by the recollection of tender commercial passages between him self and the lamented Bobbett, but, if so, his face said nothing. Frank drew tho back of his hand-across his eyes, and murmured : ' This is all very interesting — very pathetic, but whore's the promised ghost ?' Our stolid friend took no notice, but went on like ono commencing a fresh chapter of n novel. ' Ono day my partner told mo he was going to the north of England on some private business. There was very little doing on the Exchango at that time, or, I am sure, no private business would have called him away. 'Better not operato until my return,' ho said, 1 unless you hear from me. If I think any thing worth doing, or pick Up any news, I will wire.1 ' All right,' I said ; ' pleasant journey to you.' And so ho went out of the office, never to return. Poor old Bobbett 1' Hopkins seemed almost in tears, and we, who had never given him credit for such tender feelings, tempered our surprise with Bympathy. ' Tho next day but ono camo a telegram — from John Bobbett, Crossleigh-road Station. It contained these simplo words, ' Sell thirty thousand Marthas.' I was thunderstruck as I read it.' ' Wait a minute,' said Blair ; ' you are going beyond us again. What did ho mean ? Wore you slave- jobbers as woll ns stock jobbers?' 'Wo call stocks by nicknames, Caledq nian Deferred aro ' Claras,' Brighton Doferred ore 'Berthas.' Northorn As ' Noras,' so that Manchester and Dundee;, are 'Marthas.' ' ' I see,' said Blair ;? ' what ingenuity I ' 'I was thunderstruck, I say; and as I read tho telegram my first thought was, it must bo a forgery ; but a secret word known to us alone, put its authenticity beyond a doubt. And yet, in spito of my high opinion of Bobbett's cloverness, I hesitated for somo minutes. I could see no possible reason to oxpect n fall in tho stock named. The traffic return wasgood, and alargodividendwusnatur ally expected. All rails wero high, and all tho knowing pcoplo said must go higher. Thero was lots of public money for investment, and tho outside public dearly loves to buy on a rising market, and yet, with all these facts before me, I am proud to say I trusted my old partner, although it was with a heavy heart I followed his instructions. I sold at the best price I could got, and, just as I had placed tho last five thousand, becamo aware of groat excitement in tho market:' You will scarcely credit it,, but telograms came in, running so — ' Tcrriblo accident on Manchester and Dundee luie. Two trains completely wrecked. Fifty persons killed and wounded.' You must remember tho collision. It was an awful smash up, and nearly swamped the dividend on tho deferred shares for that half year. ' As soon an tho first excitement subsided, I began to think of . Bobbett. I know ho was sompwhoro up that way, and, for tho moment, felt anxious about him, and then I laughed at my fears as I remembered tho telegram I had received a short timo' before. Ho, at least, must bo all right, or ho could not havo sent mo that lino ; but what an artful old rascal — fellow, I mean — to manage to forestall cvory ono in tho intelligence ! Ho must havo sped to tho nearest station, despatched his message, and perhaps bribed tho telegraphist lo keep baok the official nows until I had time to complcto tho transaction. However ho had managed, it was very clover,, and ought to bo a lot of inonoy in pur pockots, and thankful I was I hail trusted him. ' I daresay you two, in your hearts, think this verv wrong, but it is diamond cut dia mond on the London Stock Exchange, I can tell you.' Frank and I mado jjolito disclaimers, and as we wero growing rather interested .in this iniquitous exploit of Bobbott's, pressed Hop kins to go on without fear of wounding our susceptibilities. ' Of course I was very sorry for tho poor people killed, but I could not help feeling as I wont back to my office that I had dono a very good day's work. ' I won't close,' I said 'until Bobbett returns. I should think, with this transaction open, ho is sure to get back to-morrow.' Even as I made this resolution, a clerk put a telegram in my hand. It came from some railway official, and informed me that John Bobbett had been killed in the smash, My surprise at the first message was nothing to what I felt now. It was ut terly, incomprehensible — it was im ossiblo. How could -Bobbett be dead when his telegram lay beforo me? When he sent that ho must havo been alive, and what was more, had all his wits about him. It was barely possible he could have got any one else to send off tho message, and died after from injuries. I was greatly puzzled and alarmed, so decided that the best tiling I could do to elucidate the' mystery, was to go myself to tho sceno of tho accident, and as certain the truth. I started by tho night mail, travelled all night, and early in tho morning, reached Crossloigh road, a little station of no importance. Tho accident had happened some miles further down the line, and when I reached tho place, I was conduct ed to a large barn, which stood near tho side of the railway ; and there laid out on the deal boards, I saw, side by side with many a ghastly object, tho corpse of poor old Bobbett, mangled and battered almost beyond recog nition. After the emotion I felt at seeing my old partner in this state had subsided, a feeling of intense fear replaced it. I saw at ono glance, that, by no possibility, could ho havo moved a foot after the accident, and as I stood wondering, a doctor who was near mo, said: ' ' He was more fortunate than many, his death was instantaneous.' 'I obtained further particulars from tho people about, and learnt that his body had been extricated from tho wreck of the car riages, where it lay with about a ton of wood and iron on top of it. 'And yot I had his telegram, sent from Crossleigh Hoad, a station, as I told you be fore, at least five miles from the scene of tho collision, and I received that telegram nearly an hour beforo any news came of the acci dent.' Hopkins knocked the ashe3 out of his pipe, and was silent. The man's talc had been told so simply, so circumstantially, the time and places stated so distinctly, and apparently truthfully, that Frank and I for tho moment woro uimblo to suggest any explanation. Hopkins replenished his pipe with the air of one who has nothing fnrther to say. At last I asked : ' But did you not enquire at the telegraph oilico?' ' Oh yes. But I hardly like to tell you the result of my enquiries, it seems bo strange. I interviewed the man who worked tho machine. I did not want to get a marvellous tale spread about, so was very cautious in my questions, enquiring what messages he had sent off tho day before. At first I could get nothing out oE him, but I noticed, when I asked him whether he could remember any strange occur rence just before tho accident, he seemed troubled, and hesitated a little ; so I pressed him further, and at last got this statement from him. Somo time, about an hour he thinks, beforo he heard of the accident down the line, he was standing in the office with his buck to the fire, engaged in cracking nuts, eating apples, or some other device that clerks with plenty of leisure employ to while away the time, when he felt a breath of cold air as if someone had entered and left tho outer door ajar. Ho turned round to remonstrate with tho careless intruder, and, to his sur prise, saw the door was shut. As he glanced round tho room he heard the familiar click, click, click, and ho was quite prepared to swear ho saw the handle of tho instrument working rapidly on its own account, and evidently sending off a message somewhere.' Ho was so taken aback, and, indeed, frightened, that for some moments lie could not move, and when at last he re covered himself sufficiently to spring for ward, the movement of the handle had ceased, and the message, whatever it was, speeding to its destination. Ho was sure, from tho short time it took in sending, tho message was ono -of very few words, and I need not say that, as telegraph clerks aro unaccustomed to seeing their instruments worked by invisible agency, he was very much puzzled, but decided not to report the occur rence for fear his superiors should think ho had been drinking. I gave him a couple of sovereigns, and begged him to say nothing about it. Afterwards I enquired at the other end, and found tho message had been for warded in an ordinary way. So that in spite of my disbelief in anything supernatural, I could only come to ono conclusion.' ' It is very strange,' said Frank. ' So vou think ? ' ' I think that poor old Bobbet's ghost flew at once to tho telegraph-office, and managed to send off that important messago to his old partner and friend. Bobbett was a very clever man, and no doubt his ghost was cleverer than other people's ghosts.' ' So that in tho general confusion, it man aged to cvado pursuit for a few moments ?' Hopkins made no reply. 'But,' I asked, 'have you any reason for thinking that ghosts in general, or Bobbett's ghost in particular, aro endued with a know lodgo of tho Morse alphabet?' ' I have told you beforo,' said Hopkins, with crushing solemnity, ' that Bobbett was a clever man, and knew most things.' ' Well, what about the what-d'ye-call-ems —the young woman, the Marthas?' asked Frank. ' I waited some days before I closed the account, hoping that Bobbett might send mo instructions about them somehow, but, as I heard nothing from him, I bought them back at ten per cent, less.' ' That, I suppose, means a satisfactory con clusion, and you netted something ?' ' Three thousand pounds. It ought to havo been more, had I dared to wait ; for they fell fifteen beforo they stopped. Perhaps,' added Hopkins, thoughtfully and regretfully, ' had I waited till thon, Bobbett would havo Bent mo a mossago to close.' Ho said this in such serious good faith, that we stared at ono another. When we re covered from our astonishment, I asked : 'That profit, of course, went into tho part nership account ?' . ' Of course it did, Bir,' replied Hopkins, almost angrily. ' After deducting my travel ling expenses, I passed his share to his credit.' ' And I hope,' said Frank, with a solemn face, ' you paid tho company tho shilling for the telegraphic message, which Mr. Bobbott sent without their permission.' Hopkins roso with a manner almost digni fied. ' Mr. Blair,' ho .said, ' this is tho one sub ject I never jest upon. I have told you, in tho simplest language, a strange, but a true tale, and will now wish you good-night.' So saying, he went. Frank, rather huffed at his last words, only shook hands with our departing guest, but I conduotcd him downstairs, and saw him out. As I closed tho door, I heard a tremendous, grunt; indeed, bo loud was it, I thought it must ho a summons for re-admittance. I opened tho door again, and, to my surprise, saw Hopkins leaning against the railings, with overy muscle of Iub broad back in motion. I was quite alarmed, and said hastily : ' Aro you ill, old fellow ?' Tho quivering motion ceased, and Hopkins turned round and looked up at me, and his great face, under the lamplight, was empty of expression as ever. '' No ; only the recolleotion of those things, I told you, always upsets me. Good night. Poor old Bobbett I' ' Strange tale, Frank,' I said, when, having dosed the door on Hopkins's departing sigh, wo settled down onco more. ' Vory. Had anyone else but Hopkins told it, I shouldn't have bclioTcd a word of it ; but he could no moro invent it than he could paint my Alexander and Thais.' ' How do you account for it?' ' Can't account for it. Tho only explana tion I can see is, that Bobbett, who must have been no end of a rascal, laid some plan for wrecking tho trains, and arranged to have the telegram sent off previously. But then ho was in tho train, and was smashed up him self, so that won't do.' ' I havo seen it asserted,' I said, ' in a book on spiritual influences, that a person dying, and thinking of someone at a distance, has been able to make a sort of resemblanco of himself appear to that someone. Bob bett's thoughts, directly tho smash came, may have turned to this one passion — spec- ulating, and acted somewhat in the same way.' ' Nonsense !' said Frank ; that won't hold water. I can't account for it.' ' Neither can I.' And we never did. Hopkins declined to talk any more upon the subject, which, he said, was a painful ono to him, ,so wo soon ceased to think about it. And yet thero is one thing that puzzles me. Some years afterwards, I spoke about Hop kins and his peculiarities, or, rather, lack of peculiarities, to a mutual friend, when, sud denly remembering his tale, I Baid : ' By-tho- bye, did you know his late partner, Bobbett ?' ' Oh yes ; very well — sharp man he was too 1' ' Killed in a railway accident, I believe ?' ' No ; he died in his bed like other people, and left a lot of money behind him.' Now, this piece of information, coupled with tho recollection of Hopkins, as I saw him, leaning against the railings outside tho front door, quiveriug with sti-ange emotion, caused a feeling of uneasiness in my mind, ? and sometimes now, in spite of his unmean ing features and commonplace demeanour, I ask myself , in confidence: 'Were we wrong after all, and did Hopkins possess imagina tion ?' — (From All the Year Round.) 