TAKING ADVANTAGE OP LEAF YEAR. A western man who was out in the country the other day to look aftor aome poultry, got Btuok in a mud-hole, although having alight buggy and strong hone. He got out, took a rail out of the fence, and was trying to pry the vehicle out, when along oame a strapping young woman, about twenty-six years of age. She halted, surveyed tho situation and said: ' You stand by the hone while I heave on tho rail, and don't .be afraid of getting mud on your hands and boots/ Their united efforts released the vehicle, and tho man returned thanks and asked her to get in and ride. Hhe hesitated, looked np and down the road, and finally said, 'Stranger, I'm blunt spoken. "Who are you]?1 He gave bis name and residence, and sbe continued, 'I'm over twenty.fiv*, worth $500 in cash, know all about housework, and this is leap-year/ ' Yes, I know, but for heavsn's sake don't ask me to marry yon ?' he replied, as ho saw the drift. 'See here,' she continued, looking him straight in the eye-' I'm a straight girl, wear a No. 7 shoe, and I like the looks of you/ 'Yes, bat don't—don't talk that way to me1/ 'Stranger, it's Leap-Year, and I'm going to pop. Will yon have me or not?' '1—I'm already married!' he faltered softly. * Honest Injun ?' ' Yea/ 1 Well, that settles me, and ! won't lido. Ill take the cut across the field over to old Spooner'a. He's got four sons, and I'll begin on the old man and pop the orowd, for I've sluoimixed around this world juBt aa long as I'm going to! Good-bye lit—no harm done * You may be left at first, but try to be right at last. The fat man is lazy because he wants to eparo himself. 'Tats makes all things even' except odd numbers. When a river breaks its bank is the result financial ruin ? It is to be supposed a soldier will be raw until he is exposed to fire. . Mabikbus and showmen ars not alike, for the former like light houses. A peomisin® young man—one who is engaged to half a dozen girls. .A pamous racehorse is named ' Little Brown Jug;' '• He is always full of spirit. Thb colour of the wind was discovered by the man who went out and found it blew. A LAWTBH is about .the only man that ever made anything by opposing a woman's will. 'A young lady, not well'versed in muaio, wauts to know if danoe music is written in foot notes.' • • Tottie: 'I wonder why dolls are always girls,Tom?' Tom: 'Because boys hate to be made babies of/ i . i Advice to wives—Man is very much like an tgg—keep him in hofe water and he is hound to become hardened. • « Theee's one sphere that belongs to every body—to women as well as to men—-and that's theatmosphere. Thbhb is good reason why a little man sbonld not marry a bouncing widow. Ho might ho called the widow's mite. Wb know an old maid who says it's had enongh for the men to get married, without fools of women imitating them. Thb latest definition of a jury is4 a body of men organised for the purpose of deciding which aide has the amartost lawyer.' One by one tho anoient heroes are smashed. It turn out that Ajax had a had case of rheu matism when he defied the lightning. 4 It has always been my aim in life to imitate a good example,' as tha counterfeit remarked while working on a new sot of dies. Whbn a man tries to borrow money from a friend, tbat is experimental philosophy. When the friend refuses, that is natural philosophy. Tbr question of Hamlet's sanity haB never been decided, hut his interview with his father's shade ghost to show that he was accustomed'to spirits. * I hatk a theory about the dead languages,' said a new student. * What is it ?' Asked the professor. 4 That they were killed by being studied too hard.' An undertaker adds this postscript to his advertisement in an exchange:—4 Call early and secure one of our new mahogany coffins; they are going off like hot cakes.' / mong tho august personages presented to the Harqnts of Lorno at the great pow-wow, near Fort Maoleod, was Eagle-eitting.on.a rock-with-hia-tail-hanging- over. A man asked for admission to a show for half price, as ho had but one eye. But the manager told him it would take him twice as long to see tho show as it would anybody else, and charged bim double. A young man married against the wishes of bis parents, and in telling a friend how to break the n6WB to them, said: 4 Tell them first that I am d6ad, and geutly work up to the olimas.' A LiDT, whose family was very much In the habit of proposing conundrume, was one even ing asked by her husband, in an excited tone, 4 Why are all these doors left open f' 41 give it up,' instantly answered the lady, 4 Do you pretenfc to havo as good judgment as 1 have ?' exclaimed an enraged wife to her husband. 4 Well, no/ he replied slowly,4 our choioe of partuers for life shows that my judg ment is not be compared to yours.' A littlb hoy entered a fish market one day, and seeing for the first time a pile of lying on the counter, loekcd at them for some time, when he exclaimed, * By gracious! them's the biggest grasshoppers I've ever seen!' ^A littlb son of an evangelioal clergyman wished that he might die and go to heaven. 4 Why,' asks his grandmother, feeling that the boy is getting too good to live. * 'Came I want to get some of the pennies I've been giving to God.' Souk Boston families will not allow their children to reid the Old Testament. If they would forbid them to read the New they would have the finest scheme on record for making the Bible interesting to the young. Fbom the manner shirts are made, the think there ought to he an ' inspector of oommon ietccri.' We went to the expense of anew shirt the other day, and found ourselves, on awaking in the morning, crawling out between two of the shortest stitches. Tub old man sighed as he took the golden* haired, laughing boy upon his knees, and stroking his shining tresses, said, 4 Ah, how mnch I should like to feel like a ohild again/ Little Johnnie ceased his laughter and said soberly: 1 Then why don't yon get mamma to spank yon?' A haxdsohh lady entered a dry goods etore and enquired for a 4 bow.' The polite clerk threw himself back and remarked that he was at her service. 1 Yes, bat I want a buff, not a green one,' was the reply. The young man went on measuring goods immediately. A lad? who presides over a medical dispen sary for women in India says 4 not one woman in a thousand in that country knows her age.' It is slightly different in this country. Here women always know their ago until they are about 25 years old. Alter reaohing that point their memory becomeB defective, and they for get the year they were born. A gbntl'Euan hired a hansom a few evenings ago, paid his fare in due coarse, and two minutes afterwards was hailed by Jehu, who informed him that he had given him a sovereign instead of a shilling. On restitution being made the gentlom&n; presented cabby with a half.crown in acknowledgment of his probity. The sovereign was a bad one. A little fellow five years old, who had been wearing undershirts much too small for him, was one day, after having been washed, put into a garment as much too large as the other had been too small. Oar six-year-old shrugged his shoulders, shook himself, walked aronnd, and finally burst out with; ' Ma, I do fesl awfullonesome in this shirt!' Habvard students are organising a toia abstinence society,' free from pledges, bigotry, and importunity/ and based on ' common* sense, self-respect, and gentlemanliness.' The society will favour total abstinence, bat-a member will bo allowed freely to withdraw from the organisation whenever he finds the practice of its principle too much for him. Soapsuds reform: Little boy has beon swear ing, and m&icma;, to punish him, washed thoroughly the inside of his mouth with soap suds, 4 to/ as she explains to him, * clean away the naughty words.' A few days later, while passing the bath room she sess the youngster with his face one mass of suds and bis month so full that 6he barely understands his splutter ing exclamations : 4 Getting thorn all out, mammal Sworo five times vesterdav V Futv years ago, when California was under the dominion of Spain, a one-eyed comman dant ruled at San Francisco, who was the terror of all the Indians in the vioinity. A Yaukee skipper travelling that way induced the Spaniard to purohase one of the thon newly invented glass eyes of him, and to the fear and surprise of the redskins the commandant suddenly appeared with two eyes. This was too much for the braves, so one of their number was deputed to assassinate the senor. Ho managed to gain access to his oh&mber;, but on approaching the couoh was terrif ed to find the commandant sleeping with one eye closed and the other wide op?n. The amazed Indian gave an unearthly yell, and threw himself headlong from the window. Mr. J.E. M. Vixobrt.—We (Logan Witness) are kindly informed by Mr. Witty, of Yatala, that Mr. Vincent (well known as the intro ducer of the Victor sugar milla into Queensland) is on board the steamer Darling Downs, and will arrive in Sydney in about a month. Ho will come on to the Logan directly after. He brings with him a epeoimen 6ugar plant with all the best arrangements that are used in euch machinery. He is also appointed sole agent in Queensland for a celebrated Scotch firm of engineers, and will bo prepared to contract for all sorts of plants from £50 to £50,000. 