NEW WESLEYAN OHURCH AT ROSS ' (From qiir own Correspondent.) , On Wednesday last a large concourse of people assembled at Boas to witness a very in teresting ceremony in connection with the laying of the memorial atones ' of the new Wealeyan Church at this place. Tho trustees of the .building had invited Mrs. Horton, of Somerobtes, and Mrs. Fnrramore, of Beaufront, to lay these atones, and all were pleased that these venorablo and .highly respeoted ladies had couseniGU to uo presenc . ana uo acquiesce in. the wish of the trusted). The building is on ona of the best sites on the township, and will be seen for miles by the travollor as he ap proaohes the town ; ita style will be Gothic,' and will cost nearly £3000: betore completed.- The arohitect 1b a Tasmanian, an old Horton College boy,; though now of Melbourne — Percy Oakden, Esq.— and the works are' under the supervision of Mr. William Will. A crowd had colluded onHhe littlb hill1 on which the ohurch .ia being built by the tlma.it was, announced to com mence the oeromony. . , . . ;,, , : ' The Rov. H. Greenwood gave out a hymn, and read a portion of Soripture, after whioh the Eev. F. Nealo engaged In prayer. Thomaa Parramore, Esq., then read a document, which, with ' the Launceston Examiner and Hobart Mercury of the day, with the last iaBUO of the Wealeyan Spectator, will be placed in the cavity under the foundation stone. Ths fol lowing is a copy of the document read : — - ' 'The old Bimotuary, in whioh the Wbsloyan Methodists of Koss and its neighbourhood havo' worshipped for' nearly half a century, and whioh has became endeared to them by the associations of the. paat, being found unsuitable for present .requiromentB, and the building itself fast falling to decay, it was therefore deoided in tho month of May, 1879, the Rev. -F.E. Stephenson being superintendent of the circuit, , to commence . as soon as practicable tho erection of this building, of which to-day two memorial stones are ' to bo laid, one by Mrs. Horton, . reliot of the late Samuel Horton, Esq., of Somorcotos, and one by Mrs. Parramore, reliot 'of the late Thomas Parramore, Esq., .of Wetmore and Beaufront. The. trustees of the old church at the angle of High nnd Bond streets, Bosb, wero Beva. W. Lbngbottom, J. A, Mantpn, W. Butters, John. Weathbrstone, and , John Waterhouae, with, Messrs. Samuol Horton, T. G. Brownoll, 'A.'; Jackson, O. Hudson, Man Miller,' B. Home, Philin Oakden. D. Bacon, and Isaac Sherwin. The'itruateeii' ofthe new 'ohurch are' Meaara. T. Parramore,.. G. Parramore, T. Riggail, H. ? I. Davis, O.' Arohar, W. W. Fox, .Frederick Hart; Basil. Arohar,' and Philip Oakden ; Governo, and Oommander-ln-Chlet of . tho colony, Major' Sir George Cumino Strohan, K.A., K.O.M.G. r, Colonial' Secrotary, the bon. Wllliim Honfa ; President -of theWesleyan iOonferenc*, ; in» VU- . .tpria and Tasmania, and Qhairman of the Dis-, '' i ?'?'?'J; ' ?'' ''?' ? ' ' '' ' ' ''''? 'tript, Rev., J...G. Millnrd ; Soorotary of tho Con ference,: Rev.. E. J.. Watkin ; Superintendent of tho Circuit, Rov. H. Groenwood ; Presidont of Horton Collego, Rev. F.Nealo ; arobiteot of the building, Percy Oakdon, Esq. ; clerk of tho works, Mr. -William Will.' ?? '?' Tho ' document having been road, W. W. Fox, Baq., B. A, prcaentod :' to Mrs; Horton a mallet and silver trowel, remarking that her name was csnneoted with and obiofly iriatrumontal in rearing tho old aanotuary ; it .was ouly fitting that her namo should bo ftssooiatod with this now building. Tho Rev. F. Nenle, on prcsunting another mallet and silver trowel to Mrs. Parramoro, observed that he had a plonsing duty to perform on behalf. of tho trustoos, whoso dosirn wna that sho Bliould ? fusee pt the mnllot and trowel, and with them lay this memorial stone, so that by this net hor namo would still bo ro mumbered'arid her memory perpetuated. ~ ?' Eaoh lady with the silver trowel spread a little' lime, helped to lift tho stone to ita place, applied the level, and then with three taps of the mallet declared 'this stone well arid truly laid In tho namo of tho Father nnd the Son and the Holy Ghost.' Thb Rev. J. G. Millard, Proaidont of the Conference, now doliverod an eloquent and tolling addresB suitablo for tho occasion. , After expressing his ploaauro at being present ho spoko upon the oha.riioter and use of God's houao ; it had its holy purposes; it had an influonoo for good' upon generations to come; tho sanctuary had always been a necessity in connection with the. worship of God. Tho building now being erected had Ita distinctive charaoter; in that it was a Wesloyan Methodist Church, wliero peoplo would worBhip acoording to the formula of tho Wosleyari Church, and whoro the doctrines preached would be according to tho standards of theology held by, that Church, and whioh ho believed to bo. truly aoiiptural. Some peoplo grumbled about denominntionalism, though ho did not think Tasmnninns grumbled muoh in that way ; all Protestant Churches preaohed Christ as tho samo Saviour, and bo cauae the Methodists' thus prenched Christ they olnimcd to be a churoh truly apostolic. Aftor the speaker had given a' brief resume of the doctrines to be proached in the new. sanctuary he continued by observing that if wo' wero nbout to build a palace for the Goyernor some would any that waa a grand work; or nn hospital for tho sick, or an aajlum for tlio insane, or a hall of aoienco, aomo would regard it as a great work. Well, this wna to bo a piilace for the King of Kings, an hospital in which tho spiritual siok wore to bo healed, an asylum where men would he restored to tl;oir right minds in Ohi-Nt, ahall whero theloftiostHoionco would be taught— that of how to save tlio immortal soul. The rev. Speaker conoluded with a pororation showinp; how the sanotunry and worship of God affected 'the pplitioB.aud well-being of a nation. Ninevoh had nothing left but. tho monumonts of her past ; greatness ;, Babylon wns a place inhabited by wild birda ; Egypt was now worshipping tha bull, and crocotlile ; Athena, St. Paul in bin time snw the city given up to idolatry ; Rome had fallen from hor proud imperial position to a poor conquered thing. All those nations had boen without the true worship of God, and to that. might bu traced their (leoay ; so a nation now. without the worahin ot God mint fall A« Britons ' wo are proud of what our anoeators have done for science nnd the advancement of society ; the good that has thua corrio to our fatherland wo should desiro for this our new country: and home.' The politician 'and tho buflinesa.man.were in earnest, arid bo we Chris tlauB'muat be in earnest also if , tho f utnre of this' oountry were' to bo something good and lnating. ... . ... . „ . ' Another hymn nnd the'Bonodiotion olosed the peremony, nfter which a oolleotion was laid upon the foundation atone, amounting to £138 3a 6d, Iwhioh.with the evening collection and proceeds of tea mmt havo amounted' to about £160 for the day. . , ; The' friends now adjourned to the School room, .which had been most lavishly and beauti fully docorated for the occasion. . There a moat sumptuous tea1 awaited them. The .tables wore presided, over by llesdames T. Pnrrnmore, Rig gall, Nealo, and Davis, the followingyouni; ladies assisting :— Misses Hudson, Taylor. Jnokson, Pitt, Xeaon, and Davin, If any lndy has been forgotten, a thousand apologies for tho uninten tional omission. Ample justice was done to the provisions by nbout 300 psoplo. . .The tea ovor, a publio meeting followed in tho bhurch, presided over by Thomas Parra more, Esq., J.P. The room was crowded, tho apeephes Rood, andthe Ringing nttrnotive. After the Chairman's openinp remarks he called on tho Rov;1 H.'- Greenwood to read the pnstor'a report, and tho church steward. Mr. TT. DitIh. to. road the, financial report of ths now building, whioh showed that with subacriptinns and interest theamount raised wna about £1800, but Miat the building would not be completed for less than £2500. The principal donors to tho now ohnroh ' nre MrB. Horton £300, Mr. T. Parramoro £518, Horton ColleRO Council £200, Mrs. Parramoro, son., £100, Mr. G. Parramore £100. :Mr. Thomas RigKall £100, Mr. and Mrs. Philip Oakden £50, Mr. W. W. Fox £50. Aotualexpendituro up to date, £510. ; Tho Rev; F. Neale, although unexpectedly called upon ? (na some speakers were absent who were expected to be presented) gave a very nn propriato address upon small beginnings md great results, hoping that many blessed results would follow tho work of that day. ' Dr. Stephenaon, of London, Bpoko for nearly one hour to the groat pleasuro nnd profit of tho meeting. Ho made a graceful roforonce -o tho sunshine and dear atmosphere of thin country as'compared with the Old Oountry, and congratulated the peoplo on the beautiful sanotunry they were ereoting on suoh a splendid site,, : Ho would suggest that the old students of Horton College should subscribe and place i memorial window in the now church. Tb- reverend doctor then went on to say that the peoplo. did not know the good they wero doing ; jiut'as 'Mary showed hor love to the Saviour by anointing-Him for His burial, though she 'did1 not.know she was doing this, 1st them like Count Zinzeridorf think of all that Jesua h.-'a suffered for them, and then do all they con' a for Him ; when the new church waa nreoted they had still to go on building tho spiritual Church of Jesus. , Several students of Horton OolleRo enng , solrs. joined by a strong!ohoir in tho ohoruses, Mr.tT. Reggall presiding at the organ. Mr. Reggall proposed a vote of thanks to , ladies, decorators, speakers, and ohoir, which, was-. seconded very humorously byMr..Fredk. ; Hart, of Campbell Town ; and being oarrled by demonstrations of approval. A hearty vote of . thanks, was pawea to the Ghairman, and tHo ' meeting closed with the doxology. ' ? ; , E^ ; ; ! Tho' Edison Light Company is to be al^oiriBd to- light the Victorian Legislative' ' Council; chamber, oir tho grand hall of ''* P«Uanrent-bx-UMB,,'on approval. ? - ' 