TALES AND SKETCHES. SHANDON BELLS. Br WILLIAM BLACK, Author op " AIaoleod op Daub," &o.; &c.; Chatter XX.— Some Correspokdenor. Tea ; thcro was no doubt of it ; daring tlio months that had olapsod since his hurried visit to Cork, Kitty's lottors had grown much more cold, or at least much more reserved and matter- of-fact : whilo now and again thcro was a tone of disappointment running through thorn, which he had striven to overlook at tho moment. Now, as ho re-read them, with this glorious prospect — jthis near and shining future— before bira, I10 sought for reasonable explanations and excuses, and easily found thorn. Tho spring had been wet and boisterous, and Kitty's spirits woro readily affected by the weather and its discom forts. Then she had had a good deal of travel ling, and that would account for tho curtness of some of tho notes, Kitty being ordinarily a most profuse letter writor. And then again the news that ho had it in his power to send her was not of the most chooring description — though ho had tried to put tho best faco poBsiblo on matters. Altogether, looking over these letters again, and regarding them by this now light, he could tind nothing disquieting in them ; on tho contrary, they were quito natural in tho circumstances : the question was, how would Kitty writo now ? Ho could not doubt how she would answer his appeal. Tho summer was coming on, with all its beautiful new hopes, now desires, new possibilities. During that winter Kilty had again and again, and not at all to his sorrow, pretty plninly hinted that sho was dissatisfied with her presont way of living. It had becomo distressingly monotonous. There wcro no am bitious hopes to luro her on. Only onco had Bho expressed herself as being pleased with her sur roundings, and that was on a professional visit to Dublin, where, instead of having to go to tho usual lodgings, sho had been the guest, along with Miss Patience, of tho wife of a manager of a theatre thero ; and that lady had introduced Kitty to a number of peoplo, and mado hor life a little moro cheerful for a time. Then sho had to roturn to tho provinces, and to miserable rooms, and tho fatigues of travelling ; and, as the weather happened to bo exceptionally bad, it was no wonder sho should grow tired or even querulous at times. And when peoplo aro dis heartened, they do not writo long and playful let ters, full of pretty scntimcntand pleasant humor. How could Kitty bo cheerful and amusing with her fingers benumbed with the cold, her feet wet and adverso winds blowing the smoke down tho chimney ? But now all this would bo altered. Thoro would bo no moro need for letters. Kitty her self would bo thero to talk to, to talk, and sub- mittobetcased. Andwhathappyoxcursionswould there be on tho clear summer mornings, wander ing about CholBca to fix on their fqturo and permanent home. As for himself, ho would not choose, ovon in imagination, until Kitty should come over. Sho ought to hnvo hor sharo of tho responsibility. And what hor oyos approved ho did not think he should find much fault with. That anxiously awaited letter was a long whilo in coming, many and ninny a time, when ho beard tho postman ascending tho stair outsido had his heart heat quick only to bo disappointed. But at last it camo, and to his astonishment ho found on tho back of tho onvelopo tho namo of a Killarney hotel. IIo hastily oponed it tho letter was written on hotel paper— in fact thero was an engraving of Lough Lcano at tho head of the page 1 How had Kitty got thero ? Sho had hot said a word of any such intention 1 Breathlessly ho ran his eyes over tho various fheota— for this time Kitty had written at length hoping to find somo phraso dccisivo of her reply. Bho had got his letter ovidently ; but nowhere was thcro any positivo acquiescence or positive refusal so far as ho could gather from that hurried and uncorlain glanco. And so— with more dread of disappointment than actual disap pointment— and still witll somo trembling hope — ho forced himself to read tho letter systemati cally through : — "Mv dear Wiume, — Your letter ha3 followed mo hero, and I will ncvor forgive you for not having drivon mo to go to Killarney many a day ago. I supposo it was all bccauso of your jealousy, you wanted to bring ino hero yourself, as if tho place belonged to you 1 And the idea of my having been many a time at Limerick, and Mallow, nnd Cork ; the idea of my having had to sing tho Killarney Bong in tho panorama, without even having been to this paradiso I I supposo I thought it was too familiar, bccauso I know all tho places in tho photographs in tho windows ; but neither thoy, nor tho panorama, nor any thing clso, could havo told mo of tho charm of this beautiful neighborhood. Wo were out last night in a boat, thero was no moon, but the stars wero loicly. Wo rowo.l to Innisfallen, and I sung one or two songs — tho sound was so strango wlion wo got near tho island, I was wondering whether the ghosts in tho abbey would hear. What a beautiful night it was, " Of course you aro asking what brought mo hero. Woll, dear Willie, I havo had a great deal of bother, and somo hard work of late, and I had thought I had earned a littlo holiday ; and every body said wo ought to go to Killarney in tho spring, and Miss Patience and I havo done it as cheaply as wo could. Whoro in tho world conld wo havo coma to for snch perfect peace and rest? This hotol is nearly empty, when wo wont to Muckross Abboy and tho Tore Cascade and all round there, wo wcro quito. by ourselves, and when wo go out on tho lako thoro aro no tourists anywhere. T'ho day wo arrived, however, there was a "fearful tern- pest. I said to mysolf, Goodness gracious, is this Killarney? I thought Killarney was always quito still, with moonlight on it (as it was in tho panoramaj. The wind and the rain wcro dread ful, the mountains wero quito black except when tbo clouds crossed and hid them, and the waves on tho lako smashed on tho rocks at Innisfallen and sprung up in foam just liko the sea. Cut now everything is quiot and lovely, and I feel as if this wa3 tho Yale of Avoca that I should liko to rest in, with tho friends I lovo best ; only I supposo thcro never is rest liko tlint for every body, troublo is tho policoman that stops in and orders you to move on. "Dear Willio, I feol quito afraid to begin and try to answer your lettor, for I know you won't understand what I mean about it. I cntiroly agroo with you about a private life— it has been the wish of my heart for many a day ; I am quito tired of the annoyances of my public one. People think it is a fino easy thing to earn your' living by merely singing songs; I wish thoy know what hard work nnd uncertain work it is. Of course, one's vanity is pleased sometimes, when you have nice things said to you, or when tho audience is very enthusiastic ; but what a temporary thing that is? When I stayed with Aire. Milroy in Dublin; I was quite delighted with tho littlo occupations, ' and visits, and amusements with which they passod tho time ; and I know that would suit mo ; and as for your suggestion that I might somo day rogret giving up this kind o£ life, you might have saved your self all tho arguing against it; it is the last thing, I know, that will over occnr to mc, and I should bo ready this minuto to givo it up, if I could do so safely. "Peoplo never do got what thoy want, I suppose ; and I suppose it is better for them in tho long run. And for yon to think, juBt now, when you aro making n path for yourself that will lead to future famo, of hamporing yourself in tho way you propose— woll, I can understand your dreaming of it, for you wero always so romantic nnd strango in your notions, but I havo got worldly wisdom enough for both of us, and I can soo what a pity it would be. When you want a clear way for your genius, you tio all this domestic anxiety round your neck I Con sider how precarious you would be. That old lady might dio at any moment, and then I I am afraid, dear Willio, that your literary pros pects by themselves wouldn't warrant you in doing as you propose ; and do you know I, for one, am not so sorrytkorc should be such difficulty and hard work, for if there was not, wouldn't overybody bo at it, and whoro would ho tho glory of making a namo for yoursolf if overy- body could step in and do it ? I know you dis trust your powers ; I don't, and I should think myself mean nnd unscrupulous if I allowed my privnto wishes to interfere with your future. I know somo day you will havo reason to thank mc. Was it not mo who sont you away from thnt miscrablo littlo oflico in Cork to tako the plnco that your genius ontitlcs you to. I as good as said — Co whoro glory waits tlioo. Bin wlillo Kauic < iatcs tlice. Oh! still rcmcmbor-mc ! Whoa tho pralso thou nicoicit To thiuo oar Is sweetest Oh I then remember mo ! I know you always laugh at ray poetry, hut I liko poetry that ono 'can understand, that has com mon sense in it ; and thcro is common senso in that. I expect groat things of you; and so would the world if it know ns much as I did ; and it seems to me that, with gi fts such as yours, youjhavo no right throw up your career, or at least seriously hamper it, for the more gratifica tion of a piece of romanco. But that was always liko you, Willio. You look at things in such a strango way. You don't soem to vnluo things as otlior peoplo do ; and yon don't iippoar to con- Bidor it is your duty to got on in tho world, and mako monoy, and security for your old ago. I have soon what money can do ; what good you can do with it; how independent it makes you. I bclicvo if it had not boon for mo, yon would havo kept on in Cork, simply bccauso you had tho chauco of living a half-sailor, balf-gamo- keeper lifo at Inisheon ; and you would ncvor havo thought of tho time when you would no longer ho able to go after rock- pigeon. And so, dear Willio, you must try nnd bo a littlo less romantic in tho meantime, and do justice to tbo gifts you havo ; and by-and-by you will tbahk me, and say that everything has been for tho best. "Now I know you havo misundorstooJ mo; and you aro angry, in your wild way, and aceuso mo of boing mercenary— mo ! I havo never had enough monoy to know what . mcrccuarincss was — and of course you aro impatient that every thing can't como about just do if itwerp a etory book. Alas I I wish it could ; and everybody bo satisfied ; but tlicro is always trouble, oven to those who mako tho strongest fight against tho inclinations of thoir heart, and try to do tho best for everyono around .tlioin. Just imagino mo lecturing you liko this 1 And yet yon know, dear Willio, thatyou aro too poetical, and so i must be tho commonplaco person — even here, with Killar ney before mo. Thoro was a dreadful accident to tho coach as wo wcro coming. Thoro is a steep bill somo milos boforo you get hero, and ono of tho two korso3 foil, and tho force of the coach dragged it along, and tho poor beast's knees wero horriblo to look at. It just mauagod to walk tho dis tance ; tliougk I thought overy momout it would go down. But what a fino thing it must bo to have a carriago and ono's own horass, and drivo all through theso beautiful places, quito at your leisure, nnd without a thought for tho future. Just fancy not having to care a farthing whether J uno or August is near or far off ; nothing but to enjoy tho present moment ; and drivo from ono hotel to anothor, irrespective of time and without a thought about tbo cost. I think peoplo who can havo such happiness to thomsolves ought to bo very kind to other peoplo. I know I should try to be. I can imagine mysolf driving through the country liko that ; an I if thoro was any trouble, it would bo the thought that I could not mako all tho poor people one might meet just as contented as oneself. Ono might moot, who knows, Bomo young follow going away from his sweetheart, forced by fate, and very much troubled about his prospects ; and a letter of in troduction or something might savo niisory. But these aro all i-Uo dreams ; and ouo must tako tho world as it is. 'T am so glad that that kind old lady has again bofrionded you ; and hope that somothing substantial and permanent may come of hor friendship for you ; but even if tho30 hopes aro disappointed, I am convinced you did right in goiug away to London. Genius such as yours is a. trust. Yoa bad no right to wnsto your timo fishing and boating and shooting. Evon if it wero to bo decided by futo that you and I wcro never to meot again, do you not think I should watch your career, of which I am far moro certain than you aro? Of course, I don't say that success is to como all at once. I do believe you aro working your best ; though I don't think from what you say that that Scotch artist— I thought tho Scotch wcro so praotical !— docs you any good. I supposo ho thinks it would bo romantic to livo in a garret ; and if I was a bare foot lassie perhaps it would ; bat now again you will accuso mo of mcrcenarincss just bccauso I havo to talk common senso. I don't bolicvo there's anybody in the world cures less for monoy than I do ; but I seo what monoy can do, and how it gives pooplc timo to bo thoughtful and kind to those around them ; and in any cose I am not going to be the ono to wreck such a career as yoa have before you, Scotchman or no Scotch man. "I havo been so much occupied horo that I forget whether I thanked you for tho volumo of political speeches that yon sent Alias Patience 1 but at all evonts.I was asked, and intended to do so, with her best compliments. Tho book seems to bo highly appreciated ; sho has scarcely stirred out sinco wo camo here. As for our stay here, that is quito uncertain ; but I am ia lovo with tho sconory (it is far prettier and not as grand or wild as I expected, and you know I prefer quietness to Alpine terrors), and I shall tear myself away with great regret. AYo mako our way on to Limerick, whoro I havo four concerts — tho old mill-wheel again after this Paradiso. So, dear Willie, you need not writo horo if you are writing, but to tho Post Otlico, Limerick, and I shall oxpoct a lottcr saying that you know I am acting in tho best kindness, and laying myself open to tho chargo of being a monoy-graspiug young woman (which is absurd you know, for if 1 was, where is thcro any to grasp ?) when all I want is to act prudently for you and for me. Good-byo, dear Willie, if there's anyone wishes you a speedily socure position and great famo and reputation such as you deserve, there's no ono wishes that more heartily lhau, "Your Affectiohate Kitty. "P.S. Thursday morning. Doarost Willio, this letter does read so business-like that I am ashamed of it ; and yet 1 can't burn it, and havo to go over all tho nrgumonts again. It quito wore out my small brain last night ; and thero wcro such difficulties too— such interruptions — that it seems all confused. I moaut it to bo an kind ; and it reads like a school-book, Ncvor mind, Willio you know I am not mercenary ; nnd that no ono wishes you to got ,on more heartily than I do, I meant tho letter to bo very kind indeed ; nnd at least you will bo pleased that I am delighted with Killarnoy. Good-bye. Tho morning is lovoly ; nnd wo sro just going out for a row." "Going out for a row ?" ho repeated mechani cally to himself. Who were going out for a row ? Miss Pnticnco, according to Kitty's own showing, scarcely stirred out of the bote! ut all. And what wero thoy doing thero? How had ho board nothing about it ? What did all this metn— about tho troublo of tho world, and tho sacrifice of one's inclinations, and a future for him of which sho was the distant spectator? Ho read the letter ovor again, in a bowihlcrcd sort of wny. It was not liko Kitty— it was not liko tho wilful, potnlant, loving and teasing Kitty at all. It is true that hor lottors had for some timo past boon rcservod— occasionally hurried and curt ; but horo was a long rambling lottor laying baro all hor thoughts, and it did not sound as if it was Kitty who was speaking. And was sho laying baro all her thoughts, ho asked himself? Was it hor great regard for his future fame that caused her to refuse his appeal — an appeal that seemed to him to bo so simple and natural uud opportuno ? Thonho eagerly graspod at tho notion that perhaps his abrupt proposal had startled hor. This was hilt maiden coyness. She had been alarmed by tho dofinito request that sho should como over and ho married and ' occupy thoso liumblo apartmouls until a moro suitablo dwell ing conld bo chosen. These rambling argumont3 of hers woro a more girlish trick of lenco. Modesty was BhoItoriDg itself behind tho guiso of prudonco. And ha could have laughed at Kitty's imploring him to bolievp that slip woo not moreen nry — as if it wero likoly ho could suspcot her of that. Still there was something very strange nnd disquieting in tho tone of this lottor ; and wbon ho sat down to answer, ho experienced tho novel sensation-of boing afraid. Afraid of Kitty ! If lio could havo caught hor by both hands, bo would not have been afraid. But that was tho mischief of it — tho great distance between thom. That was why ho was afraid— afraid of tho misunderstandings that Jotters causo. ' Ho wrote hurriedly ; he Becmcd to have so much to say ; and wished to say it all at onco ; and more over, he must needs writo in good spirits if ho would drive away hor despondency : — "Mr dahi-inq lurry, — I havo received your extraordinary letter. It docs not sound as if you had written it at all. Why are yon so serious ? What has frightened you ? Aro you tho samo Kitty that, when I first came to London, used to writo overy - day ueariy, ' Mako haste — mako luisto ; for I lovo you so ! ? And now thcro is not a word of lovo in his long letter ; hut a groat deal of downhenrtcd- noss.ahd fear' and political economy and Ben jamin I'ranklin sort of wisdom. And then, my pretty- eyed philosopher, your facts aro a littlo askew. You accuso mo of being too poetical ; and if to lovo you is to he romantic and poetical, I will admit tho charge. But if you mean that I allow poetry or anything clso to interfere with my caro for tho future, you are all wrong. You don't know how rigidly I'vo saved up every pos sible ponuy sinco I camo to London. I don't go taking holidays at Killarnoy ; when I have to go for a journey, it's all bccauso of a wicked young woman who won't bo rcasonablo and sensible and como nnd bo married at onco. And really and soriously, Kitty, what havo you to fear? I havo' £110 saved ; and £200 a year is quito enough to mako a start with, in n quiet way ; and if things go bettor, won't you bo rather glad in after lifo that you and I wero together in the poorer time ? You talk about my being precarious (your Eng lish, Miss Kitty; has not been improved by tho Killarnoy air), but is not everything and every body more or less so? You are liko Mis3 Pa tience, thinking that literature is so precarious a profession bccauso a tile might fall on your head from a roof. No doubt this old lady might dio ; but so might you, or I ; and surely, since lifo is so uncertain, common senso wouhl-conusel you to make the best of it whilo you may. Lifo is not such a very long thing; youth is still shorter; and surely whon two peoplo lovo each other, and have a little faith in tho future, and a reasonable seenrity in tho present, oven Bonjamin Franklin, Poor Richard, Catlicrino ltom iyne, and similar philosophers might admit that it would bo un wise to throw away a certain happiness on tho chance of some good to como. It seems so strango to have to talk to you liko this, Kitty, oven as a joke. I can searcoly believe this letter of yours to be serious. Who was it who declared tlmt sho could livo on nothing ; who implored mo nevor to leave hor ; who asked mo to ' livo in her heart, and pay no rent?' And all that happened little more than a year ago. What has changed hor so in so short a timo? "I know. They say that once in every seven years, on a beautiful summer morning, just at sunrise, the O'Douoghuo of tho Lakes comes down from his magic homo in the mountains, riding a white horso, and accompanied by fairies. Ho rides across Lough Lcano, and wherever ho goes on the dry land all his old possessions and splendor appear again ; nnd when ho has seen that everything is right ho sets out bomo again. Now no doubt you havo hoard that, if you havo courage enough, you can go with him, and cross Lough Lcano dry-shod, and accompany him to his homo in tho mountains, where, before bidding you good-bye, ho will presont you with part of his buried treasure. IIavo I found you ont, Miss Kitty ? Aro you watching for tho O'Douoghuo of tho Lakes? Is that why your small bead is stuffed with ' moroonariness ?' Are you so anxious to bo rich, and drive through tho country with a carriago and pair, that you get up evory .morning at that hotol before sunriso and wander away down to tho lnko side and look across and watch for tbo white liorso and its rider ? Is that tho peculiar charm you havo found in Killarnoy? And of courso tho want of sloop and the going about so much alone, and tho witchery of the whole thing, have dazcl you a littlo, and mado you apprehonsive, so that I can scarcely heliovo that it is you who are speaking to me. "My dearest Kitty, you must really throw aside theso unreasonable fears — yon, who used to bo so fearless, too ! If you are afraid to take such a decisive stop as coming to London by your self, I will como ovor and fetch you. I am en titled to a long holiday. Dearest Kitty, how would it do for mo to como over and mcot you at Limerick, and stay thoro long onough to ho mar ried, and go back ovor th3 Killarnoy route ? I am confident I could tako you to beautiful plaeos you are not likely, to find on tho . ordinary tourist routo. Writo— no, telegraph ono word — ' Y03' — thnt can't tako up much of your timo, nnd I will como over at onco. And then, you seo, ns ono must bo practical and bnsincss-liko in order to plcaso you, getting married in that quiet way would bo vory inoxponsivo ; you would havo no whito silk gown to buy, and I should havo no lockets to got for tho bridesmaids. Now, Kitty, tako heart of grace, and telegraph at onco. If you tolograph from Killarney, I will go right on to Limerick and wait for you thcro. Don't think about it ; do it ; if you sit down and bogiu to mako out all sorts of calculations, as if you woro tho secretary of a lifo insurance company, of courso you will arrivo at no decision at all, but only plungo yoursolf in gloom. What a trip that will ho, if you will only say, ' Yes 1' If you went by Dandon and Dunmanway, wo will como hack by Inchigcolnh ; and of courso wo shall go down to Inisheon— and perhaps to tho stream there, somo moonlight night, just to lot Don Fiernaand tho rest of thom know that you had not quite forgotten. You havo not quito for gotten, Kitty ? I bad tho dalo engraved on tho ring you gavo mo ; and then I grudged tho ex pense ; for it was useless, Thero aro somo things that are ongraven on the heart ; thoy bccomoa part of you ; you can put thom away from you only when you put lifo away ; and I do not think that oithcr of us is likoly to forget the vow of that night. , . " Well, now,, Kitty, tho inhuman wretch who occobiea tho auaint small house by tho riirer that I told you of still remains in it ; I often 'tako % turn round that way to seo if there is not a boari up ; but no, tbo wretched limpet still clings tfr his shell. Never mind ; wo shall havo plenty oi timo to walk about and pick ont a comfortable littlo placo for ourselves ; for, you seo, I can al ways uso tlio fino mornings for walking out, and sli'fton my work to tbo timo of rain. And thoo, whon wo give ourselves a wholo holiday, Kitty' thero is no end to tho beautiful, quiet plaeos ono can got to from this neighborhood. I have ex- plored thom all ; and tho wholo timo I was think ing ' I know Kitty will bo charmed with this placo ; and I am certain alio never could baro been here before.' Scarcely anybody knows what bcautiiul sequestrated spots thoro aro in Rich mond Park alone. Then, you soo, Kitty, by taking thoso furnished rooms to begin with, yotf will bo nblo to fall into housekeeping ways by degrees ; and wo shall tako plenty of tiraq- to chooso a pretty small house, and put things into it just as wo want thom. You will bo surprised at tho knowledge I havo- acquired of tho pricoa of tables and chairs and carpets; and Ross— that is your Scotch friend — has promised, when the great time comes, to present you with a tea sorvico of old black Wedgwood that ho picked up rime wlicro in- Surrey, and that is abont tho only thing of value that ho possesses. Just fancy your sitting in 'stats at your own tea-table in your own houso I ' Will you havo another cup of tea, Air. Ross?' 'No,' thank you, my dear Airs. Fitzgerald, bat if yoa- would sing another of thoso Irish songs, that 'is' what I would liko to have.' Then you go to tho- piano ; of course we must hire a piano tho vory first thing, for you are- not going to forget your music, Aliss Kitty, whon you enter upon domestic slavery. And what about 'Tho Alinstrol Boy' for our Scotchman ? Or will you mako him cry with 'Silent, 0I1, Atoyle !' Or do you think ho will caro as much for ' The Bells of Shandon ' as wo do? I think not-. Ho docs not know certain associations. He cannot recall the whito Sun. day mornings ; and tho quietude et the country walks ; and Kitty declaring that sho should nevor havo tho courage to marry anybody, nnd that her propor rtile in lifa was to bo an old maid. " Como now, Kitty 1 You havo a tremondous- courngo when you liko. Pall yourself together. If Aliss Pationce is preaching political economy, tell hor to go to tho misohiof. I nm thinking of your eyes when you moot mo— at Limerick. Will you be shy nnd coquettish ? Or will you ho im perious and riding the high horso I I know yoa can bo in any mood you choose ; and tho mood I would have you chooso is that of tho Kitty of the- old, beautiful, lovc-sweotened days, not this- timid, fearing business-like Kitty whom I don't know a bit. Who wrote, 'Just tell them there's a poor girl in Ireland, who is breaking her heart for your sake 1 I know, whatever troubles yon may bo thinking of now, everything will look quito bright and hopeful when I get hold of your shoulders and challenge your eyes to do anything but smile. So no more of your despondency, you. pretty black-cyed tiny siveethoart ; but one word,- and the expenditure of ono shilling ; and then don't bother your head any more about it until you see mo at Limerick. Then I will tako com mand of yon, and bo responsible for you ; audi we will togethor make short work of your econo- nomical fears. "This from ono who knows yon nnd loves yort far too well to believe in yonr want of courage ; and who sends no other message, or kisses, op anything of the kind— for ho is bringing tbem. "\s. F." Ho wont out, and walked rapidly to tho pillar letter-box, and posted the letter ; there seemed so littlo timo to lose. And then he walked back more slowly, wondering if ho had said everything likely to ontico Kitty to a decision. 