LAUNCESTtIN EXAMINE R. PUBLISHIIOD DAILY. S.ATURDAY, APRIL 22, 1882. A CORRESPONDENT called attention a few days ago to the slow-and-go-easy manner in which the postal service be tweon Launcestoa and the N.W. Coast districts is cotiducted, and reasonably asked-" Is the postal service to remain stationary, and take the same tardy steps it 'did twenty years ago, when good roads and railways were not in existence ?'" Considering the growing importance of' the North-West districts, and the disad vantages they have long laboured under in this respect, our only surprise is that those interested have submitted so quietly, and have not made greater efforts to have their wants publicly ventilated with a view to obtaining an altera tion of the present system. So long as they remain apparently content, how can they expect the public and Par liament to become aware of the real ex tent of their grievance, or to learn what direction reform should take I or how can they expect that public opinion can 1 bring the necessary pressure to bear on the authorities to secure an alteration more suited to the present requirements of the colony 1 We have for years past pointed out the objections to the present system, and urged the adoption c of a scheme which should provide' all the residents between Deloraine aid Emu- Bay, who number no insignificant proportion of the whole population of the colony, with a daily mail in reality in place of the present make-believe. Under + the existing system the mails are detained at Deloraine for no less than from nine and a half to twelve hours for no earthly reason. Some months ago the Govern ment, it is true, proposed an alteration, but it would have been worse in practice than the existing system, as it made the mail man travel by night, kept the post offices along the route open for reception and despatch of mails at most unreason able hours; while, as the residents could not be expected to get up in the middle of the night to receive and answer their letters, they would practically be placed at a greater disadvantage than they were before. This fact was fully pointed out to the Government, and led to the with drawal of the proposed scheme, but since then no other has been proposed in its stead to remedy what is admitted even by the Government to be unsatisfactory. We may once more revert to a scheme which it has been strongly represented to tius would meet the requirements of the coast residents as closely as circumstances will poerfilt, and-.which we believe we are justified'in stating could be carried out for the tamo cost as the- present system, and in fact would. be preferred by the contractors. Under the existing arrange ments the coast mails close at Launceston at 4 p.m., are forwarded by the 5 p.m. train to Deloraine, where they lie for nine and a half hours, and are then taken on by the contractor at five o'clock next morning, reaching Latrobe at 0930 and Emu Bay at 5 p.m. Under the scheme which we long ago suggested, and which has again been brought forward by " Daily Mail" in our Tuesday's issue, the mails would close at Launceston at 7 or 7'30 a.m.,. be despatched by the 8 a.m. train to Deloraine arriving at 10-30, and be taken onby the contractor at once, reaching Latrobe; oven at the present slow rate of transit, about2,30 p.m., and' Emu Bay at 8 p.m. A letter or news paper posted over-night or early in the morning would thus reach all places be tween Launceston and Emu Bay on the same day which it left Launceston. This would be a great boon not only to the re sidents along that route but also to busi ness people in town. The return mails under the present arrangement leave Emu Bay at 7-30 a.m., reach Latrobe between 2 and 3 p.m., and arrive at Deloraino at 7-30 p.m. Being thus too late for that evening's train, they are compelled to lie at Deloraine all night (say 12 hours), and are brought into town next morn ing by the 7-30 train, arriving at Laun ceston Post-office about 10 o'clock. Under the proposed new scheme the mails would leave Emu Bay at 5 a.m., arrive at Latrobe at noon, and at Delo raine at 4 p.m. in time to catch the 4-30 p.m. train for Launceton, where th letters could be had at the Post-office window at seven o'clock the same even ing. But the period occupied in transit might be materially reduced now that there is a good road the whole way from Deloraine to Emu Bay; so tlhat tihe mails would arrivoe at thie latter place earlier, and might leave later than the hours named. The subject is one of great importance, and we feel confident an alteration could be effected if those interested would "put their shoulders to the wheel" and make known their grievance and what they con sider the best method of remedying it. It is the old story of " what is everybody's business is no nobody's business ;" and unless some of the parties interested bestir themselves and endeavour to arrangeforanitedaction and agitation,they must not be surprised if it is long before the present unsatisfactory arrangement is altered. As the matter is one of public concern, affecting the interests of some of. the most important districts in the colony, we shall be glad to open our correspondence columns to a fulldiscus sion of the subject. TuE subject of overworking females in business establishmets has lately been exciting a good deal of attention in Eng land, and has led to Lord Stanhopo in troducing a bill into the House of Lords having for its object the protection of women and chlildren from long hours in warehouses and shops. The object of the measure seemns to have met with general approval, but eventually on the v sugqestion of the Earl of Roseberry, the bill was withdrawn in order thart it might next session be introduced in a more per feet form. It is therefore clear from the favourable reception accorded to the sub- 1 ject, that though the consideration of it has beeh postponed for the present by the Legislature, it belongs to a class of measures of which' more will be heard as time goes on. The grievanco which the bill was intended to combat seems to be perfectly well recog niscdin England, and few hesitate toadmit in theory the need of a remedy. Women employed in drapers' and milliners' shops and some others are notoriously over worked, and endurse liibours almost as in jurious as those' which factory hands had to put up with long before the Legislature interfered. And this is not only the case in the Mother Country, but the same ey?i,exists in large centres of population in the colonies ; and we. lately referred to the fact that The Womaeson's d..gazine (a periodical published in Melbourne), had drawn prominent attention to the fact. But all this may be freely conceded with out making it more easy to provide a practical remedy. One great difficulty is the probability that if. the employmeont of women is hampered and restricted by law, shopkeepers will resort to the em ployment of men, and thus exclude to a great extent the other sex from one of the very few fields that are open to them for earning their living. Another objec tion to Lord Stanhope's bill appears to have been that though it limited the keeping open of shops and -warehouses to ten hours a day, it afforded no guarantee against the employment of women on the premises after the shop was closed to the public. Again, it was further provided that during sixty days in the year these hours might be exceeded if the Home Secretary upon application should see fit to give his consent. But then there is the difficulty of superintending and enforcing any regulations which may be laid down. In fact the whole question is one of social and domestic arrangement which it is very dillicult to reach by an act of Parliament. The State cannot pry at all hours into the internal arrangements of traders and manufacturers, and any imperfect attempt to do so must of course fail to effect its object ; while domiciliary visits from the police would be strongly resented as too great an interference with the liberty and freedom of which Englishmen boast. As an English exchange remarks the end at which the bill aims is admirable. It may be partially attained some day by means of legislation, but we believe that such reforms are more generally effected by the force of public opinion, and the union of those who are subject to the evil. Tns very uncomfortable prophecy at. tributed to Mr. Proctor-the accom plished lecturer on astronomy-of the approaching destruction of the world in 1897, or in say 15 years, has been denied by that gentleman ; so the panic-mongers may as well subside. Mr Proctor is of opinion that the world is much more likely to last fifteen millions of years than to be destroyed in fifteen 1 So oven the most timid can breathe freely in such an interval as that, and as an English journal remarks-the astronomical "notice to quit" having been abandoned, lawyers may make out leases for 999 years, Dar winists may draw blank cheques upon Time's huge balance for all future de velopments, the Dover tunnel, and other great works may be cheerfully proceeded with ; and there will be no necessity, as the year 1897 approaches, for careful housekeepers, like the late Dr. Cumming -who believed in his own grave predic tions as to the end of the world-" to take in their coals by the scuttle full." It seema.that Mr. Proctor had been discuss ing the alarmist theories of other persons, notably of a sinister German Professor named Herr Marth, who had asserted that the two comets of 1880 and 1843 were identical, as Mr. Proctor had remarked that "if' this were the case (though he did not believe it to be so) then there would ensue absorption into the Sun, with tremendous possible consequences. Some very serious journal reproduced a garbled report of his utterances, and then proceeded to draw fearful deductions from them, It grimly gathered that the two comets were identical, and that whereas by calculation the brilliant wanderer of 1843 ought to have taken 175 years to return, .it had re-appeared within 37 years. Moreover, on its last visit to the Sun it had gone uncommonly close to that luminary, so that the out look grew awful. At its next appear ance, which by the same reduction of rate would occur .about 1897 A.D., the odds were strong that the comet of 1880 would dash into the body of the Sun. The effect would be to so enormously increase the solar lustre and heat that every living animal and plant on our globe would be scorched up, the seas would boil, and the very rocks would be roasted into slag. No wonder that anxiety and alarm were produced among many mortals who, knowing little, are prepared to swallow the most wonderful stetements with a blind faith. But MIr. Proctor points out that thie comet that will settle the business of this world in such a summary way must come straight into the solar surface from interstellar spaces, not glile round the Sun as these regular visitants do, like a Greek chariot skirting Sthe goal. Mr. Proctor's faith in the Sfuture of our globe is .cheerful and un \- bounded, and he repudiates all dark in terpretations put upon his words. It Sseems to come to this, in Iis view, that the comets which belong to our I system are controlled with propriety and peace by our Sun, while those which dash at us-from infinite space do not hit the markonce in a billion shots. IHe con cludes with these consolatory words: a "Fortunately the chance of any comet f.-visiting our system from interstellar space Stravelling directly towards the Sun, is so Ssmall that it may be reckoned 'ahnost as naked nothing.' " Our little world is, in the opinion of astronomers, very young as yet, comparatively speaking. The larger planets, and even the asteroids, Sare thought to be far older; yet these go on apparently in ucndimished activity, nor has any comnet collided with thlem. Time Easter encasmpment of Volunteers outside Sydney is reported as having ibeen, Snmore satisfactory i, necarly overy parti c ular than any of the preceding ones; Ithe only dlrawbacke being tie weoatlhcr, which was at times most trying to the men. The military work of the encamp. 1 mont was of a far heavier description than a usual, and evoked favourable comment i from many military spectators. The a Volunteers turned out in very fair numn- D bers and submitted to military discipline I in an exemplary manner. A night march e out of the camp to repel an invader, who E was supposed to have landed at Botany, s was provocative of much quizzing. The i night being foggy the opposing armie's suddenly and - uhnexpectedly found themselves face to face. It would I have been .fun for au. outsider ,to have boon on the spot and listened to the o various orders given by the citizen a officers in their dilemma. The confidence c obtained from well-known immunity fromn danger would seem to have begotten a 1 display of laxity in precaution and a dis. I regard of eventualities far from re- I assuring to those who pin their faith on f ourVolunteors in the event of an Invasion. c Blunders mord or. less excusable are a bound to- happen amongst bodies of I troops called- together but seldom to act I in concert, and it is to be regretted that -these Volunteer encampments cannot be i arranged to be held with more frequency. 1 Howeyor, our Sydney brethren on the whole seem to have been well satisfied a with the general behaviour and manmuvering of their citizen soldiers, and bestowed their encomiums accord ingly. NorToa daunted by the loss of their exclusion bill through the action of Presi dent Arthur in putting his veto on it, the anti-Chinese legislators in the American House of Representatives have passed yet another restriction bill, excluding the Chinese from the country for a space of 10 years. This bill will be sure to meet with the fate of its predecessor, by the employment of the Presidential preroga tive. A further attempt will be made to over-ride the veto; but it will be found that the necessary two-thirds majority will be wanting. A majority in Con gress means. a power that can make affairs awkward for the chief of the Republic, and well he knows it, and also that such power is not to be slighted. There was no other course open for President Arthur but to veto the bUi, for had it become law it would have been a direct violation of the treaty with China, a most vital clause in which provides for a free intercourse between the two peoples. It may be, and from what we know of American politicians, is more than probable that this bill was never expected to pass by its promoters, but wasbrought forward only ns a blind for the furtherance of some future scheme in which the Chinese will be sufferers. President Arthur may have to make concessions, as long as no infringement of the treaty takes place. Tus.presont unhappy outlook of trade in South Australia, as depicted by a re cent telegrain, calls for deep commisera tion. We are informed that "the Goolwa wharf is completely blocked with steamers, and there is an Immense glut in wool and other goods each way." The word 'glut' is so suggestive of a bilious and overloaded market that we cannot help fooling a trifle envious of our neigh bour's prosperity. At the same time we trust that the telegram is not a mislead ing one. South Australia would seem to stand much in the same position as a prosperous British farmer portrayed in Punch some years ago. It was a year of an abundant harvest, and Agricola was seen standing in a wheat field, exclaim ing, " Well, I'm blest; here's a pretty go; I have got so much wheat I don't know where to put it all." LArnonc Sltow.-The Governor has ap pointed Wednosday next, the 26th inst., the day on which the Devon Agricultiral Society's Autuiin Show is to be hold, as a bank holiday1in the town of Latrobo. Couenptcoa Cvun.-A meeting of mom hers of this Club j ill be held at tlo Crite. rion Hotel, at 330 p.m. to-day, when the stakes will be paid over to the owners of successful dogs at the late meet. WV.IET.ER' HIBERNICOx.-We are glad to notice that "the lWheoler Family are doing -an -excellent business along the Nortlh-WestCoast: On Thursday light the company opened at Emu Bay to a crowded house. The Hibernicon will be exhibited at Waratah, Mount Bischoff, at an early date. CLoox Fon TIIe PosT OrFICE. - The Government have at last thought proper to provide a clock for the convenience of the public at the Launceston Post Office. The time-piece, which is placed over the entrance to the receptacle for letters, is one of the best English eight-day clocks, and is from the establishment of Mrs. W. 1-1. Allen, Brisbano-street. Mr. Windeatt, who had the clock on trial for some time, pronounces it to be an excellent time keeper. The Post Office authorities will see to .its regulating, and Hobart time will be kept as nearly as possible. The clock will prove a great convenience to the public. NEiV LIosIITsa ArrAnRTUS.-Mr. Dun ning, draper, of Brisbano-street, has had erected in his establishment a fairly sized sunlight reflector, whichl he pronounces to be a great success. The apparatus is fitted with 10 reflectors and four gas jets, and is said to be a great-improvement upon the old-fashioned method of using globes and shades. BAND or HoPE.-Anothor entertain ment in connection with the Prince's Sqiuare Congregational Church Sunday achool, took place last evening in the school-room. Most of the members and a few visitors were present during the evening, and at the close several new names were added to the pledge-book. The programme consaiatsoe- of pianoforte and cornet solos, recitations and readings, and vocal pieces. The piano used on this occasion was kindly lentby Messrs. Walch Bros. and Birchall. Y.M.C.A.-An essay was delivered in the Y.IM.C.A. Rooms last evening on "Self-Educated Men," when there was a fair attendance of members and friends. MLr. John Sinclair presided, and the essayist (Mr. Johnston) very ably Iandled the subject. After theo essay a free dis cussion took place, all the speakers expressing themselves highly pleased with the evening spent. 13ANK HoLrDnY.-Wednesday next las been appointed a bank lholiday at La trobo is consequence of the Devon Agri cultural Society's Autumn Show being held at that date. RetIoroUs.-The Rev. F. Sindon will preach at the Primitive Methodist Church, Frederick-street, at 11 a.m. to morrow and 0 o'clock in the ovening.-A sacred concert will be held at Franklin Village on Tuesday evening next. Services will be held to-morrow at the Oddfellows' ITHall; in the Christian Mission Church, Wellington-street ; and Mr. Charles Fisher will preach in :the afternoon in the paddock near Mr. M'Donald's, Sandhlll, at 2"30 o'clock. GENERAL SKOrnELOFra was described \- some time ago by a correspondent of the Tiimes as a masterof many languages, an ardent reader of newspapers, and an acute stndent of those mnovemnents In the 'devolopoment of thle race which the >politican may for a while direct, but Swhich the soldier is finally called on to disentangle and determine. Hoia cons cious of, and venerates, the power of the Spreas, to which, indeed, ihe owes no small Sdebt, for it has prevailed on his behalf against the slanders and machinations of a numerous and enormous clique at the r Russian Court who would have dis tinnished valour to he the exclusivopre rogative of-lofty birth, anad argue that proumotion sliould olly come with ageo. SIltandsonae, frank, generouts, and simple int his habits, General Skobeloff is also a \- great favoutrite -with the common ;seldiers, who, undersucha lander, would Swillingly endure the greatest hardships. DEATIt OF As Ex-AOTREss.-From the iome News we clip the following extract which will. doubtless interest many who hail from the mother country, and are acquainted with its stage celobrities : Most old playgoers will learn with regret the passing away of the Dowager Countess of Essex at an advanced age. As " Kitty Stephons" the lady enjoyed great fame and respect in her time. She was not a groat niuslcinu, buta very popular singer, possessed of a voice of "the most exqui- a site sweetness and extraordinary comn. pass," as Macready described it. Only once did oee incur the displeasure of her audience, when she presumed, while per sonifying Ophelin, to introduce the song of " Mad Boss !" Her best successes a were obtained as the heroines of the old English ballad-operas, and the public long delighted in her Polly Peachum, the heroine of the " Beggars" opera. As an actress she was not distinguished, though credited with "intelligence and a correct ness of judgment that never deserted her." The daughter of a carver and gilder, she was born in London in 170 c She quitted the stage upon her marriago in 1838. She was long a faithful sup- i porter of rtalian opera at Covent Garden and at her Majesty's Theatre. She never allowed the benefit of Madame Grisi t.i pass without sending a wreath to that great singer, and with the. wreath a brooch or a bracelet of value. She be came Countess of Essex, and it is said that- ahe might have been Duchess of Devonshire. CONJURING EXTRAORDINARY. - The r "Homoe of Mystery," at the Egyptian Hall, surpasses all its previous arclhieve- i monts in the now entertainment, entitled " A Spirit Case," with which Mesurs. 3Maskelyno and Cooke. puzzled their I patrons. In this there are "spiritual" manifestations of a far more astounding and unaccountable sort than the cleverest tricks performed by the spiritualists themselves. In addition to the usual I ghostly appearances in the light, such as 1 arms and faces exhibiting themselves in i unexpected quarters, thereis a dark scance, in which the spirit of a deceased lady hovers through the air, and not only a consentato the re-marriage of herlhusband, but lifts him and hiefiaicec high above the stage, and joins their hands in that 1 position. Of course, it is an optical delusion; hut if professional spiritualists t could only manage their jugglery one-half f so cleverly, there might be mor reason to excuse the credulity of their dupes. TheeEgyptaien Hall ghost beats Professor Pepper's in a canter. It is certainly the "biggest thing" in that line ever exhibited in England. A NOTArLE SPY.-There has lately died in Paris a man whose political import ance and power in European politics greatly exceed his fame-MI. Blindworth, better known by his sobriquet, Dean of c the European Corps of Spies. It was said of him that " he came into the world to cajole and deceive emperors and kings." The son of an English mechanic who I emigrated to Gottinlgen when the Crowns s of England and Hanoverwero united, he I acquired high academic distinction, -and after taking hisdogreoo started as a political adventurer at Berlin. He ingratiated himself with the Liberal leaders in 1 Germany, and betrayed their secrets to their opponents. He did much work for Guizot and Metternich of a not very creditable kind; he was Louis Philippe's secret agent in Spain ; lhe was successively employed by King Frederick William IV., the Austrain Government, Prince Gorts chakoff, and even, it is said, by our own Lord Palmerston. He acquired a large fortune, and lived during the last years of his lifein luxurious obscurity in Paris. LunIcnous TrPOotAPIIIosL ERROR. The lMarquis of Queensbury has a quarrel in hand with the Times. That journal a short time ago published a letter from I him, in which he incidentally referred to -I himself as a "thinker," in which the printers accidentally left out the" Ih," and the Marquis was displayed before the world self-described as a "tinker." lie forthwith wrote to the editor, pointing out this blunder, and requested that it should be corrected, but this request has not been attended to. The Marquis says that he has written more than once, and has even demanded the name and address of the editor, in order that he may personally express his feelings to him. Tie noble Marquis is now considering what other steps he can take to vindicate himself. SroNEIsIEea.-Stonehenge, until recently a terra incognita, is now brought prominently before the publie in consequence of a sale ad vertised to take place there on Tuesday next, when the worthy squire, who has leased the whole of the property, intends parting by muotion with his entire flock of sheep, lord of cattle, and his draught, carriage, and oacing stud, also the whole of his very valuable collec tion of farming implements. All the stock have been carefully bred and culled, and com prise really high class sheep, 500 head of cattle, prinuipally Herefords, many pure, than whichl few better can be omet with hnd of the horses, it may with coofidence be said that whether as thoroughbreds, carriage, or draught stock, such a collection is roarely offered to the public. The bloods are by Horatio, and the dranght mares and goeldings are descendants of Sir YWalter Scott, and other more recent importations, than which no draught sires apve left us better stamps. As improved in Mr. Sydney Page's hands, Stonehenge of to-day is one of our best laid-out properties, a fortune having been spent in reclaiming and fencing a dense bush ; and if only in contrast with other extensive Tasmanian pastoral estates, it is desorving a visit, apart from the stock to be submitted, and the hospit able welcome that will be accorded to all who may attend. Every arrangement for convoy. anco from Ontlands station on Tuesday morning next to the scene of business has been com pleted, and indeed no stone has been left un turned to secure the comfort and convenience of all vlsitors.--(ADwr.) ENJoY LIFt.--iut few, in fact not any, really enjoy life ;those nearest to enjoying It are the moat discontented, the enticipation of pleasure being the only thlng ejoyed, yet many thou sands discouraged, disheartened people may net Swish for death, or commit suicide, as they do, were it not for the most bitter of all cups the miserable and dlscouraging effects of Dyspepsia and Liver Complaint, especting every day to be carried oil by Paralysis, Apoplexy, Heart DiB. ease, Consumption and many other symptomsa e of Dyspepsia and Iedigestion. Now, ef you have no faith In Potent idedicines, and have lost hope in your physician, I would ask on in good faith tbat you try only one bottle of Green's August Flower, it can do you no harm if one bottle does not give you astonishing relief, don't uso any more. All chemists sollit. o Sample bottle to try, Gd. Large bottle, 3s id. ISol agents for Tasmania, . PFairthorne and Son. Clitmists. Ltltoeten.e-(AdvtI Fdnuens wishing to purchase a really good double-furrow 0lougcchould inspct Howard's Sextra strong O.B.U., made expressly for tiis market, and Lennon'e celebrated Model and I Wimmora plougbs, now so well known, on view at the stores of the undersigneod; where also can be obtained bIluestone, piloegh liees, plough and cart traces, lharness, aed every other Sreqlireoment for farmors of Cte best quality ant at lowest rates. A largo stock of hIoward'e, Lonnon's, Seller's plough share, and fittings t always on hand. Jocu C. Fanausoe, Brisbane street.--(Advt.) (6 THERE NEVER WAS so delicious a toilet water as Burnett's AorUA DE FMInleEo, a gene ral favourite wherever introduced. This EXQUIsITE TOeItET WTEvn is as heighly concer. trsted that a few drops will-leave its deligltfou tofrgersnce upon tice handkrcohiof for many Shours. Its odour is that of an exquisite bouquot Sof chloice and delicate flowers, without to much ofthat peculiar sweetness so commonin SFrenchl and German waters, whioh at first are agreeable, but after exposure to the air becomeo d slekeniteg. It is tihe reverse with Iunelnr's SAnUe DH? LOnl?r, The longer it is subjected to tihe acnotion of the atmospher te the more re Sfreshing and delicious its aroma becomes. Try Sthe above to judge of it correctly. Wholesale e by Hatton andl Laws, Launcestono Barron, o hoxhabm, and Co., Sydney; Newell and Co., t ,ilbourne.--(Advt.) (3 o W. BI. Jonr's coach leaves Smith's Hotel, Charles- street, for Beaconsileld every Monday, WYednesday. and Friday, at 11'30 a.m., and Sreturns on Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday, at II a.m. Fares, Gs each lway. if "Too much work and no Ilay makes Jackta f dull boy," runs the old proverb, and in tho aitIhorisne lies a profound rationalitio" philoao . phy. The lrollivities of tihe age tend to too muclt labour and toolittle recreatiotn. Nothing cat withsta-ed a contituous strainc without t Iheowing ovidtuco of wear andl tear. Tihe 3\. uasiduots devotionu with ewhich the present Sgeneratitt surrenders itself ote its wtork, is ce a itrmed tbty ties augtonttlon ,,f the death-roll, in whicnl til recesdls of overtased ptworasapl td houmtaut frameo ann beer, fortifled bly Udolpt Wolfe's iebiedam Aromatic Solhnepps,--lAdvt, 