FOR DEAR ART'S SAKE. A STORY OF TO-DAY. ' In tliree volumes. (Written expressly for the Dispatch by Henry Congrere Evane). TOLTJME in. THE AWAKENING. CHAPTER I. " NO NEWS FROM ALBERT/ ATannt, thon cold land. Farewell, thou land of fogs. Good-bye. thon mo6t beautiful enow, ever falling pitilessly, tipping the carmine-lined mantle of the rich and the thin, dirty rags of the poor— viewed with delight from warm, lighted room6—felt with terror by you, miserable being, huddling by the doorstep of the wealthy, and vainly endeavoring to protect bin lean, ill- nourished limbs from contact With the. Farewell to thee all—cold, fogs, and snow. Farewell to the discomforts which trail for ever in thy wake. We -will away to the pleasant south, where thou art almost unknown, where from year's end to year's end old Sol shines forth in radiant glory, not manifesting himself with sickly glare through the foggy and gutted atmosphere of London— where the 6lries are blue, and the clear air is made happy with the singing of the birds, revelling in their liberty. Away with mackintosh and top-coat; away with warmth of clothing. Bring hither your light-flowing garment, and let ns go forth to meet the day—on! Fast through Biscay's tempestuous Bay, \- till we reach the pleasant Mediterranean. Down that noble monument of man's handiwork, the Suez Canal—on, aud on, until at last the warm breezes swept from India's strand on our chceks. Still on. Oh 1 most glorious consummation. We have reached the land-of lands—the country of the free— the hard working and the noble. We hare left behind us oppression and woe—bade farewell to misery. We have again touched our feet on Australian soil, and as we look up into the deep blue of the heavens, as we inhale the pure, clear air, as we gaze on the fair landscape surrounding us, we feel as though we had plunged from purgatory's dark dominions—released from slavery's chains—into the heaven of heavens itself, •where man meets man with friendly handclasp, and all proclaims that sweet, soul- ' stirring word—liberty ! Yes, dear reader, if there be one gifted with 6uch patience as to have followed the tale thus far, we are back in our sunny home. All the disgust of England has been left behind, and for a time our sojourn shall be again in South Australia. Let us then to the farm, and see how matters have progressed durin; our absence. •• Ah there it stands, so unaltered. The wheat has been gathered in, and stored in the barns. The good old farmer has slapped his well-lined pockets with ten times his usual emphasis, thus saying to all the world as plain as action can put it, " I have sown I have- reaped, and my reward has been great." His wife bustles about her work as usual, age but slowly making his presence felt. And Alice. Can that be she? There, standing by the rustic garden gate, listlessly dangling her large straw hat. her eyes fixed on the distant horizon, as though watching for one who was far, faraway, and disregardful of the wind which is playing at hide and seek with those tender little curls. How wistful she lookB. The months have passed, oh I so slowly. She has gone about day after day as usual, but feeling her heart >a<l and heavy. The light had seemed to have gone out of her day at one fell swoop. The • consciousness of love bad but dawned, when the dream was dispelled by the rude hand of fate ; the image had but just been set up and the worshipper had but just made lowly reverence, when with a crash it fell and seemed to have been shattered into a thousand pieces. Time passes quickly with the young. In the halcyon days of youth there is so much to engross the attention, so much that excites feelings of pleasure, that the hours from the rising of the sun until its setting in its red and golden blaze of glory, seem to flit by like the semblance of a dream. The storms and the sunshines alike are soon past. Day follows day, aud night follows night in <iuick succession, until we arc awakened from a fevered dream, Time with his forefinger sternly raised points out the wasted hours,and we find,alas ! that for us, childhood sweet aud innocent, is for ever gone- It is only when some great grief weighs down our heart that with the break of day we pray for night, and with the shadows of even long once more for the bright streaks in the east proclaiming the approaching monarch of light. It is only when some sorrow has overtaken us that we sit and count the weary minutes, aud beat our breasts with pain, and weep that time goes so slowly, and will not in its passing bring ns relief. Alice bad known but few sorrows. Beared in the midst of happiness, tended by loving hands, her every wish granted, her every desire administered to, she had grown up light-hearted and happy. Life for her had glided along like a clear flowing stream. What had appeared to be rocks ahead had, on approaching, faded away, and left the course free and interrupted. Band in hand she and her cousin had skipped over the merry days, and was it unnatural that on the rude awakening, she. poor girl, should have felt that life's joys had forever gone, and that henceforth the days must be days of mourniug indeed. She bore up well at first. Albert was going to be famous, and was he not to return ? Aye, to return ; but Alice could not bear to think of the years that must elapse before her love would come back to her. Then, too, he would write. All. me, how 6he looked for that letter. How she counted the days that must pass before these treasured words came from over the 6ea, and when Bhe lay her beauteous head on her pillow at night, how she sighed with the sweet consciousness that one more barrier to that much looked for event had been removed. Then when it came! How her hand trembled, and her cheeks flushed as she received the little missive. How the tears started impulsively to her eyes as she read on the little pink envelope in that handwriting whose characters she knew so well, " For Alice." And in the retirement of her own little room shall we be regarded as guilty of a breach of confidence if we say that letter was pressed again and again to those dear trembling lips, while the ready tear fell on its innocent ages. That was but small consolation for E is absence, but still it brought again soul into communion with soul, and made the radiant beams of day seem even more bright. She is waiting now at that little garden gate- A whole month has passed, and she has not heard from him so dear to her. Four large, long weeks. Can he have forgotten, and as the thought flashed across her she placed her hand to her side, and her heart seemed to lie still. Her head fell on her tumultuou6ly-heaving bosom, the sweeping eyelashes fell and concealed those glorious limpid orbs, the lips pouted, and a tear trickled down her «heek. He cannot have forgotten. 1 With her to forget meant to die. It was cruel of him. So small a thing it was she craved. Then came the welcome tears, so blissful, so relieving, and presently she looked up, with her eyes still wet, gladsome again with hope. There is the sound of an approaching horse.- She leans over the gate, and strains her eyes towards the bush. Her heart again beats furiously. Nearer and nearer comes the thud, and presently she sees the animal emerging from the belt of trees, carryiug on its back the well-loved form of her father. But an instant and the gate is flying back on its hinges, and the eager girl is rushing on to meet him. " Oh, father, father," slie cries, though yet afar off. Old Jasper bears, and his head drops, as he drew the rein more tightly. She is up. to him now, and looking into liis face beseechingly. Jasper averts his troubled face. " Father,she cried, and the tones were tbose of one in despair. "There must be this time. Not one. father. You are jesting. Come, give it me. Quick, quick." "Therein no letter from Albert," the old m»n returned sadly. She released her hold on the stirrup, and her head fell on her side. "No letter from Albert,"" she replied mechanically. " No letter from Albert." She walked to the house without another word. "Well, my dear," began Mrs. Munroe, who had come out to welcome her husband, are you satisfied now I" She stopped in surprise. The girl's lace was perfectly bloodless. Her breath was coming and going fast. Her features were net with a calmness that despair alone can give. Alice went straight to her room ai.d throwing herself on her bed buried her face in her hands. The tears would not come. " What does this mean" Mrs. Munro asked Jasper iu agitated tones, " something must be wrong, cr else the lad would have written." " Something is wrong," he replied sternly, "and I'll know the reason why. Fool that I was to let him go. Fools that we all were, God knows I'm a peaceable man enough. I've tried to serve him aright, but if that man were before me now, I should be tempted to commit the most awful sin of all." •'Jasper," cried his wife, terrified at his tones, " What are you saying. You do not mean that 7 What can Sir Laurence have done with the boy ? What harm could he wish him ?" " Ask her," rejoined Uunroe grimly, pointing in the direction in which his daughter had gone. Then he added. Fool that I was. I always distrusted him, and now I hate him. See he has written, if the boy has not, a soft spoken letter, full of kind things, kind wishe«, but under all I think 1 can see the poisonous slime of the ugly reptile that be is. He says that the boy is busy—but should he be too bnsy to write to .his own friends ? The infernal hypocrite ! He lias written, too, to the girl. What does he mean by that ? You can quess. I will bum it. She shall not be poisoned by this foul thing," and he held the letter aloft- in contempt. Give it to me father," said the girl entering the room as silently as a ghost. Her features were pale but composed. Her lips were firmly compressed. She looked as if she had passed through a terrible ordeal, and had now resolved how to act. " Alice," exclaimed her mother, alarmed at this dreadful calm, and she flew to her side. " Let me have it mot her" the girl said, and she held out her hand, and received th« letter with a little shudder. Then she sank into a chair and tore open the envelope. When she had perused the contents she handed the uote over to her father, and said in a slightly contemptous tone, " read that," and left the room. There was a dead silence, which was presently broken by Jasper bringing his clenched fist with all its power on the table, and exclaiming, " He wants the girl. I knew it all along. He took the boy away to keep him from her. He leads him astray, he will kill him. The scoundrel. 1 f I had him here a moment a yard of good hemp should not be wanting for him. Then he tells the poor girl that Albert is in love with another girL All lies, all lies." He strode out of the room in a furious passion. Nothing 1 ike this had ever disturbed the serenity of the home nest before. Alice was seated at the window of her room looking up into the blue vault of heaven. He does not love me," she replied, *' some other girl has won his heart. May she be happy. May he be happy too. And I—God let me die." . Then a moment or two later 6he exclaimed passionately. " But it is false. It cannot be true. Why should I believe /iim," and her tones rang with 6corn. " Why does he tell me all this. It is a lie—a base black lie. But no,'" she added in a more subdued voicc, " There is no letter from Albert, and if he loved me he would have written." • CHAPTEK II. IS ABT DEAD. " Going out this morning Albert ?•" The speaker was Lowe ; the scune, the club. Albert had his satchel slung across his back, aud was just preparing for a walk The events of the previous evening had left their traces. He seemed to have grown years older. His features appeared to have hardened, aud a great sorrow seemed to jjervade his whole being. " Yes, why not," he replied in a melancholy voice, i must make the most of life now it seems. They have not given me a very long one " he added rather bitterly. Hang it all," said the other impetuously, " You shall not go there. It is a man's work. I'll get the decision reversed. I'll have you arrested or do something desperate," and he paccd the floor hurriedly in his perturbation. A sad smile came over Albert's facc " It is no use," he said. *• Sir Laurence is ail powerful. He says I must go. assures me there is no danger, and yet the papers say the rioting is increasing, people are being murdered. Is that not danger? He anxious I should go. Why, I know not."' " Because ,he hates you." returned Lowe with an emphasis that made the lad start. " Hates me," he repeated iu a bewildered tone. " Must one lie a friend to hate ?" He is no frieud of yours. I know it all, Albert. You have been cruelly deceived. But now go along. Trust in Saunders and myself. If you must go we go with you. You shall not face danger alone. Good-bye." " Hates me" repeated the boy, now almost a man. " Why should he hate me ?" and he vainly sought in memory's tablets for the explanation, but none came. With this great blow had come the recollection of art, which had during all the hurry and bustle of reccut affairs almost died ou; in his breast. The thought of danger, ave, of death, had recalled to him the fact, that 'what had been the dream of his life had faded. Where had gone his love for art? Was it dead ? And with this came the reaction. He would go again and «ee his old master. He would at all events for one more day, pass out of the club, a boy, bound as of yore on a peaceful errand, prosecuting what had once been his brightest delight, but which, now, alas! had been placed on one 6ide, perhaps never to be taken up again. The enthusiasm had vanished. The image had been shattered aud it seemed impossible ever to reunite its many pieces which lay lay strewn around. Frazer knew his footsteps, and was in an iu stunt on the landing awaiting him, his poor dim eyes wet with tears. "Thank God you have come again," he murmured. " The poor old man has been lonely without you. I have feared for you— that you were ill—that you were dead—aye. perhaps worse than dead. Who knows 1 But you are here. You are well ?— no not quite well, uor happy. But you are here. You wear your bag. You come to learn once more, and to cheer an old man on the path to the grave. Come in and make the room bright again. It has been so dull—so dull." And he shivered. He was rapidly decaying. Death had marked him for his own. Yet a little while and he would feel the icy grip of the destroyer, and would have to cross the mighty river, and pass into the boundless unknown. Age was more than ever making itself apparent. The storms of life which had beat so long and ceaselessly over that hoary head would come to an end at last, and suffer him to glide into the haven of peace. He noticed the changed look of his pupil: the rosiuess of his cheeks had gone ; the fresh glow of health had departed. He was no longer the laughing, light-hearted boy. He seemed to have crossed from one age into another, and he now stood there in the first grave stage of manhood. They spoke but little at first. Each seemed to realise the alteration, and neither appeared to carc to talk much about it. Albert took his seat before the easel, and tried to go on with his long-neglected work. The effort was useless. He seemed to have lost all his power. The brushes would not be guided by him. " Come," he said to the old man in a bitter toue ; " I cannot paint. That is gone from me with my happiness. Let us talk. I want to pour out my sorrowo. Will you let me?" " Let you !" returned Fraser with warmth ; "yes, my dear boy. Tell me all, and if the words of one who has now one foot in the grave can aid y^u, I will speak them. Tell me all." " It may be,' began Albert, "that I shall be the first in tnat other world." "Btopl" cried Fraser impetuously; "you don't know what you are saying. You, young and healthy, talking of dying. No— sol You were but jesting. Unsay the words." " I cannot," returned the other gravely. "I am going to leave England, on a duty which means danger, perhaps death. I don't shrink from it since it is a duty, but I do fear to die." He shivered slightly. " Then why go 2" Fraser asked eagerly, j " In these days no man i6 compelled to seek : death. God knows, it comes quite soou enough. Why must you go ?" That I must not tell you, but go I must. I have given my word—I must keep it. I shall perhaps save a people.'' And here his eyes lighted with enthusiasm. Then he added significantly, " At all events 1 can die i for them." " The old man was quiet for a moment, i Then he said quietly, as if he had had a j sudden inspiration— " I see it alL You are going to Ireland. Yes, you do not deny it. Oh' my lad, beware of this business. Read your own heart to see whether you have not been mistaken. These Irish are mad, helpless ; nothing can save them. The Government will put them down. Why die with them ? Bccause other great men have done 60? Because good blood has already been 6pilt, is that any necessity why you should shed yours ? You will do no good, you will only still further enllatnc their evil passions. Your death will also be their death knelL" " lou misunderstand,'" said Albert gently, " I am going to stop all this." " Can one stop the ocean.'" went ou the old artist, undaunted. " No, It will always flow on, and so long as Ireland is a distinct people ao loug will she be unhappy aud troublesome. I implore you, by all you hold sacred, by the memory of your mother, do not go on this rash journey. Bv the love vou bear for your friends; by everything—"" 'i'he door opened, and Maud O'Reilly entered, She was clad in deep black, and looked like a skeleton of her former self. The cheeks were thin and pale, the eyes haggard, aud her lips trembling. Albert." she cried with a thrill of exquisite pathos, and she threw herself at his feet. " You must say good-bvc to your friend," cried Fraser, in almost broken-heaTted tones. '' He is also going away." "Going away," the poor girl repeated in her listless voice : then she closed her eyes and put her hand to her side as if iu pain. " Hush ! do not tell her," Albert whispered eagerly. " Why should she know. How ill she looks ? She is dying," replied the artist sorrowfully. Then, he added, •• one should not be sorrowful, since death will be a happy release to her, from what is almost worse thau oblivion. For me, I welcome death, for with it comes an end to woe and a life of lasting peace. Poor girl, she is not long for this world." Maud wa= still in a recumbent position, rocking her head to and fro, and murmuring one of those wild melodies she so delighted in. Suddenly her eyes became rivetted on the opposite wall, and dilated widely. Her whole frame seemed to be convulsed. She started to her feet with a violent effort, an'd with outstretched hand exclaimed, in a voice which completely electrified her hearers, •'Yes 1 He is going away. I see the great white cloud coming. There are people on it. See, there is baby, brother, and sister. And there is Albert. He stands smiling and beckoning. I will come. We will all come. Albert, Albert. Albert." She fell forward on her face in a dead swoon. They hurried away to get restoratives, and presently the faint flush of life became apparent on those pale features, the lips parted, aud a deep sigh proclaimed returning consciousness. " It is a warning," said old Fraser superstitiously, when his anxiety had partially subsided " Why flyin the face of it. It is death. She had exactly the same symptoms just before her sister died. She said she saw tlic cloud, and fainted just like she did just now. Not here, of course, but I heard all about it. Don't go, my dear boy. Stay in peaceful England. All is not right."' I must go," Albert answered in tremulous tones, for this scene had quite unnerved him. In an instant the panorama of his whole life seemed to have been mapped but before him. He imagined himself young and happy, careless of the day and heedless of the morrow: he realised again the growth of ambition ; he saw his hands outstretched to grasp the prizes art bestows; and he came back once more to the emptiness of the world to find indeed he had been but dreaming, that lhe prize had slipped from his grasp, and that there loomed before him the " last scene of all which ends this strange, eventful history." " And art ?'' Fraser queried, as be gently fanned the girl. Albert looked troubled. " Art," he exciaimcd. after an instant's pause. " Where is it 1 I have sougkt for it. but 1 have not found it. It is dead. You, who know so well, ask me. You, who have been driven to far lower depths of despair than even I. No, no. Henceforth there is no art. The world is growing more hard and matter of fact. Its broken china and its discordant sounds, representing music, may be said to be art, but that which I worshipped in my dreams, that which you believe to exist, is dead, and will never live again." He rose moodily and took up his hat. Come, Maud," he said, " You must go home." The girl sighed heavily, but at once rose from the sofa on which tbey had placed her. The fires had died out of her eyes, and she was again the poor idiot. "Oh, my boy !"' groaned Frazer, as he took Albert's hands in his, and pressed them almost convulsively, "think again of this matter. Don't go." " It is nothing." replied Albert, trying to speak lightly, but finding his heart strongly misgave him," for me, it does not matter. No one will mourn. No one will care—but you," he added. " I have been selfish. I have not thought of you as I should have doue. The picture? 1 do not see it. It is nearly time. Have yon sent it. Yes? Then I wish I were coming back in order that I might see it bung. Good bye." The old man could not answer. He felt a choking sensation in his throat, and he turned his head away to conceal the tears which would rise in his eyes. " Have you not friends to advise you ?" he asked at last. " Friends !" Albert ejaculated almost bitterly, "aye, and they bid me go—save two, who would help me if they could." They walked down the stairs, poor Maud leaning heavily on the arm of her young friend. Frazer sorrowfully followed. " Good bye," again exclaimed Albert with a warm band-clasp as they passed through the outer door. The artist stood bare-headed, and watched them until they reached the end of the little street. Then he went indoors, and up to his room, which now appeared more and more dingy. " Another one," he said, they all go thus. I am left—the old oak stands, while the poor lithe saplings bend under the breath of the gale, and sink and die. I feel I liavc not loug to live, and then I shall join my wife and child in tbose brighter realms above." j When Albert reached the club he found Sir Laurence pacing impaticutly before the entrance as if expecting him. " Ah, here you are, Albert," he exclaimed, where on earth have you been 1 You know there is pleutv to do." " 1 know," the other said, looking at him with his honest blue eyes. ; ; Then where have you been ?" " I have been to old Frazer to bid good-bye to art." " l'shaw !" returned the baronet, affecting contempt He felt anything but pleasant facing this honest, ingenuous protege of his. '• I thought you had given up art and other kickshaws for sterner stuff." •' There was a time, Sir Laurence, when you spake differently, aud you led me to belierc differently. Why, I don't know?" He was passing into the club, when Sir Laurence, who had been somewhat taken aback by his reply, called out: "Enough of this nonsense. Itwasnotlwho encouraged you to come here. You came of your own free will. It was not I who desired you to join the League. Again you have to thank yourself. It was not I who sent you—'" " I think we had better not talk of that," Albert said gravely, interrupting him. " Confound you." roared the other, stirred ! up to anger by the unpurturbality of his j companion, " Someone has been coaching you. At all events you leave to-morrow, and go you shall." He hissed rather thau said the concluding words, so wrathful was he. •'There is no need to remind nie or attempt to threaten me," rejoined our young hero, " I will go," and he went inside as the baronet stalked off in a tremendous rage. CHAJPTKR III. t WHAT THE TELEUKAPH TICKKD. b " Is Miss Peters at home." " Yes sir, but 6he is engaged." Then take ber my card, and say I wish to sec her very particularly : be sure and cay it is a matter of the utmost, importance." The speaker was Saunders, and he was at once ushered into one of the elegantly appointed rooms of Peters' mansion. He threw himself dowu in a comfortable chair and leaned his face in his hands. He was in this attitude J " —<\--- when the door • opened, ' and """ Violet came into the room. " Ah, Mr. Saunders," she said, '• Yon have "been playing truant. You have not been to see me, nor has your young friend." " I was going to ask you to excuse my presumption in calling you. Miss Peters. I hardly dared hope that you would remember my name." " I never forget those who I like," replied the youug lady emphatically. Aleck colored slightly. " Sly reasons for calling to-day ave which I think you will admit is important. It concerns my friend, Albert Munroe." It was Violet's turn to color now. and she blushed up to the eyas. It concerns Albert," she asked quickly " Why is there anything the matter ?" " There is a great dcat the matter," Saunders replied gravely : "and as you and I are perhaps the only friends he has in London, we must both do our best to avert what really a danger." " Danger,echoed the fair girl, turning pale at the sound of the word. *• What could possibly turn Albert into danger, or who could do it ?" " You may well ask that, Miss Peters. One cannot imagine a boy like that having enemies. One CID only imagine him surrounded by friends. So young, and so innocent, how could he be ought but loved ?" " And is he not ?" Not at all, because at this moment he has an implacable en«my." •• Who is that.'" The question waseagerlv arked. •• Sir Laurence Ruthveu."' " Sir Laurence,'' Violet exclaimed. " What, his friend ; oh you must be mistaken, Mr. Saunders. Albert loves him as well as one mau can love another. Sir Laurence has been all that is kind to bun." " No, Miss Peter-s, I am not mistaken, returned Aleck firmly. " I say mostdistinctly that Sir Laurence is his greatest enemy." " And why ?" " Albert has a cousiu—Alice Munroe—and Sir Laurence loves her." " Aud is it because of this that he hates poor Albert ?" she asked breathlessly, almost dreading the repli " Yes," Aleck said slowly, " because Alice loves Albert." The bosom of the girl heaved, and her eyes were cast down. After a moment she said— " And Albert ?"' " He loves her." Violet gave a little sigh. " You can see now," Saunders went on how it is I say that Sir Laurence is the boy's greatest enemy. It sounds almost like mark taken from one of the three volume novels : but it is, nevertheless, true. Sir Laurence fell in love with this girl, found that his case was hopeless while Albert stood between them, enticed the boy away from home, promised him triumphs in bis art. has prevented him from achieving those triumphs, and proposes to send him to what appears to me to be sudden death " " To death !"' Violet repeated, placiug her hand suddenly to her heart. " Aye1 to death. You know the state of Ireland now—riot and confusion—bloodshed all over the land. The boy was made a member of an Irish League. The Ijeague has been denounced by these wild men in Ireland, and the boy is to be sent over to these men to jnstify himself and his colleagues." '• Impossible!" "It is, alas! only too po-^ible. One can hardly imagine such" villainy : one can hardly imagine such cowardice as the sending away of a mere bey. I camc to you, knowing you were a friend " " Of course. Mr. Saunders," Violet interrupted hastily, for the bright red had again dyed her checks, "you did quite fight. But what can we do.' Shall I tell papa ? He can lay the case before the Government. Only tell me what I can do, and I will do it at once." " Will you see Sir Laurence ?" " Yes—I will go at once." " No ; to-night will be time enough. Can you get away quietly, without your father knowing ? because it is as well he should not be cognisant of this affair." " Where do you wish me to go ?"' " To the Agenoria Club." " Yes, I cau manage it I will go to see my friend, Clara Melnotte, this afternoon, and we'll drive straight away to the club afterwards. What ani I to do* there ?" "" I want you to confront- Sir Laurence, to talk to Mm as only ladie* can of the baseness of his action, and to implore him to let me go as a substitute." " Then," said the girl rising, " I am bat to 6ave one friend at the expense of another. But," she added quickly, " I will go. He must be saved for—Alice's sake." Her lips trembled slightly. "Many thanks, Miss Peters. I knew I should not plead in vain. As for myself. I am of no use in the world, and my loss would not be felt." " You are at least a true-hearted honest man" returned Violet with such warmth that Aleck found himself gazing at her with more than ordinary interest, and felt a strange thrill run through his body, to which he had been unaccustomed for many a loug day. _ It is evening. Sir Laurence is seated in his sitting room busily engaged in writing. There is a knock at the door. "Comein," he exclaims impatiently and one of the waiters of the establishment opens the door, and thrusts his head into the room. " Beg pardon. Sir Laurence, for disturbing you," he said with a kind of grin, " but there's a voung Lady below waiting to 6ee vou. " Well, man, is that such an extraordinary thing that you should feel it incumbent upon you to expand your face in that expressive and odious smile. Where is the young lady ?'" The waiter handed him a card. Oh! Miss Peters," remarked the baronet, andhegavea low whistle, What's in the wind now." Then he added aloud, " Show the young lady up by all means."' He went to the head of ibe passage, and met Violet on the landing. "Good evening. Miss Peters." he began gaily. I must apologise for keeping you waiting, but that stupid blockhead of a waiter kept me so long before he mentioned your name." " 1 suppose." said Violet throwing back her veil, as she took a seat in his room, " You are curious to know to what circumstances you are indebted for this strangely-timed visit." " She is, at all events, inclined for plain sailing." muttered the baronet to himseli. half distrustfully, and then said aloud, J confess I was a little surprised," and lie weited politely for her to speak again. i want to know what vou are going to do with Alb-rt Munroe?" This was firmly spoken, and Sir Laurence, in s|.ite of his having nerved himself up for a bvush with the enemy, felt that he had rercj'mlthe worst of it iu the first part of the c icount or. He staggered under the blow, bu: 'juickly rallied. •• With Allien." he answered gaily. " He i - > -ncwhere in the club. I thought this v,-ii could banily be intended as an honor to i-iys-If. Shall I call Albert." And be s-tti-*'d to himself as the idea passed through bis .nijid th.il the first sallv had been well The girl culorod ever so slightly, but retu i:ed hi6 gaze with-iut flinching. \- Xo. Sir Laurence, you need not call him. Wb.r 1 have to say is uieant for you to hear, and you alone I know what you are going lo do with Albert. You are sending iiiin into danger. You wish to get rid of him. You tkiiik perhaps that if he is out of the way you can many his cousin, and that if not the latter you will have had rour revenge. But I say you shall do neither." "lleallv, Miss Peters," remarked the baronet, to all appearances perfectlv calm, save for an angrv light in his eve. if that is an you came to see me about there is Bsarccly any need to prolong die interview, except that I am always pleased to see yon and to talk about matter* of common interest. You are quite melodramatic to-night, and absolutely without cause. The boy is in no danger hatever." "That is net true," Violet exclaimed, not T o be deceived. " I say if Albert gos. 1 -1 wT rand you throughout London as a li tr -. .i : a cowaTd." Sir Laurence rorc. "If this is the iiiiiy subjwt "f lUc interview,*' he said, still jiolitcly, bu: iu tones lite the half suppressed growl of an animal brought to bay, •' there is no reason why ii should be prolonged. Kor my part I ii:ivu no desire to forget t hat I am in the presence- of lady. If this question is still further agitated 1 fear 1 can hardly answer for myself." A truce 11 politeness, Sir Laurence. If I have so far foregone what are called the proprieties, by calling ou you alone »t this place aud at this hour, ir is not likely I ;uu to be diverted from my purpose by your threats. I say Albeit >hall not go. li he does it will be you who will suffer.'" And 1, for mv part." returned Sir Laurence, au angry spot flushingOH each cheek, "regret that Miss l'eters should have interfered in a matter which docs not concern her, except for that Platonic kind of affection which we find existing bet-weed beings of the opposite sexes at rare intervals. None the less, however, I say he shall go, were all the devils in hell leagued against me ! Do your little worst, Miss Peters. Brand me as a liar and villian if you please, and trust in Providence that you may be believed. The boy goes, and he goes to death if you please to put it so. He shall go to-morrow. What is it to me ? What care 1 if he dies or lives ? Again I say, do your worst." He was reckless now. The veins in his head stood out with passion and his utterance was thick. The man was quite transformed. There was a knock at the door. " Is this some of your contriving, Miss Peters " he exclaimed angrily. " If so, so much the worst." Violet turned away contemptuously aud was preparing to leave the room, when waiter opened the door and held in his hand a telegram. The baronet took it hastily, and Courteous even in his wrath, turned to the girl and asked her permission to read it, which having been coolly given, he broke open the seal. Before, however, reading the contents of the message he said, •• One moment, Miss Peters. I have been ungeutlemanly, and I wish to apologise. Stay for tin instant."' He was all suavity agaiu. The words fell like honey from his Sips. His face had lost all indications of the recent storm, and was clear and smiling. He then unfolded the message, but no sooner had he beguu to read than the thunder clouds again lowered, his mouth became firmly compressed, and his eyes shone like beacon fires. He read the words over once, and then stood for a moment iu thought. He dropped into a chair, and again perused the contents of the paper, and having done this he smiled grimly. " 1 was about to apologise I believe when I last spoke. I am sorry I cannot do so now. This message will probably explain all to you. I say again the boy shall go, and iu spite of your defiance. Aye, though fifty thousand colonels stood in the way." He thrust the telegram into her hands, aud with a muttered oath rushed out of the room like one possessed. Violet stared after him in Ijewildcrment, What did his action mean ? She had been brave all through this, but now that it had ended she utterly broke down. It had been no easy task for a poor weak girl to accom plish, but she had been buoyed up by the love which she bore for our young friend— aye, love, too, which she had only just realised was utterly hopeless. She burst into tears. Suddenly she recol lected where she was, and under what conditions she hadffound herself in the place. She started up with a rhuddcr. and walked hastily to the door. Then she recollected that the baronet had handed her the telegram, and she remembered what a strange effect it. had had on him, What could it be about ? She read it. It was as follows:—"May 10, 188—. Hav> just arrived here from Cork. Landed when heard of rioting. Will go to Contark to' morrow, and explain our affairs.—A. France.' This was all. She read it over two or three times, but was utterly at a loss to understand its meaning. She felt, however, vaguely that it only meaut some evil tidings for Albert, and left the room with a heavy heart. At the foot of the stairs Sannders was waiting for her. " Well ?" he asked, " It has all been of no use." she replied sadly. Oh, he is indeed a villan. He put this telegram, which seemed strangely to excite him, and after reading it, said more emphatically than ever, that Albert should go. See. I cannot understand it." Aleck took the message from her hands, and read it carefully. " What does it mean ?" Violet asked, surprised to see the sudden flash of light that illumined his features. " Mean ?" Saunders exciaimcd in a perfect delirium of joy; "it means that the villain is defeated ; that Albert is saved 1" and he threw his hat up in the air. " Saved •" repeated Violet, scarcely daring to say the words. " Aye, saved !'" and Alec danced around in his cxcitement, " Colonel France is President of our League, he started for America and we all thought he was too far away to be of any use to us, but be has heard of our news, and has gone ou to Dublin. He will represent the League, and not Albert! Oh, this is glorious news." " Glorious news, indeed," remarked Violet faintly. " It has made inc quite ill, will you see me to my carriage, Mr. Saunders." "Thank God for this," she said as she drove off, " It is to God alone we owe this great mercy."' " To God alone." Aleck echoed as he lifted biB eyes up to the heavens. He i6 a game, good fellow, who never turned his back on friend or foe. He comes of a clan who have found officers for British troops in the bloodiest bayonet fights that the world has seen, and his front name is Roderick. He has been at law lately, and going to law with Government is like going to law with the banks. So Roderick has for the present lost all chance of getting financially level with his brother, who is a millionaire and one of the biggest men in a distant colony. Worse still, "Roddy" has now to work hard with his bands, instead of as formerly working and making plenty of money with his head. But he is equal to the necessity. He bailed us up in King-street last Saturday, and told the following yarn :—" You see these two bags ? " said he. " Well, there's beef in one of them— ns good beef as ever you looked at—the other's sausages. I bought them at butcher's in town, for you can't get meat worth eating in the suburb where my little cottage is. Going along a moment ago I met a bank fellow, who is a very great swell indeed. Years since he and I were at the same ledgers. He came ap smilingly, and was evidently going to ask me to have a drink. " How are you, my dear boy ?" said he with empressement, " how are you jetting along?" "Only middling," replied I; "in fact, I've had a bit of very bad luck lately." " Sorry to hear it," h*e said, "but what are you doing?" (and here he eyed my suit, which, as you can see, didn't come from Savage's yesterday). " Well," I returned, " a man muBt do something for his living. I've a wife and family, and (here I glanced at my two bags full of meat wrapped up in paper, through which the grease and blood were showing) I'm carrying parcels round town." I kept a solemn face, in which he couldn't see the trace of a joke, and he was at once in a hurry to clear. He was too high-toned to be seen in company with a man who got his living as light porter to a butcher. By jingo, old man, I could see tbat if I did want five bob to get a feed for the kids—thank God it'e not so bad as that yet—I needn't ask my bank friend for it!" And off marched Roddy with his swsages.—The Bulletin. ydney. Too keen.—" I never saw BO many people out of doore as I did yesterday," said Smith. Why did they not go to a door factory nd bay some, If they were ail out of *«n ?" ked Jones. 