THE DEPARTMENT OF MINES. The report of tho Department. oif Mincj for'iho year ending 30U1 December, 1881, recently prc* scnted to Parliament, shows jtliat, tiotwitlistand- ( iug a largo decrease in tlie yield from tho Palmer. :and . Jlodgkiuson goldfields, ? the totaT' output showed an increaso of 3819 oz. on tliht I of the year 1880. This is accounted for by the extraordinary yield;of 24,789 oz. from Oypipie.- - TJio returns 6liow that there were in all 8376 , quartz and 991 alluvial minors, exclusive of Chinese, who numbered 4018. As compared with tho previous year, this is a deoreaso of G83 in tho number of Chinese and an 'increase of ^ 775 Europeans. . A table is given : showing the jimount of quartz crushed on oach Hold and the jgold ob tained. V 1880 _ l£8l - - Goldfield 'S a's' ? o OZ. I Ol' Palmer ? ; 3,016 fi,921 -3,170 6,789 Hodgkinson- ... 19,472 25,090 10,649 12,367 EtheWdge ? ? 4^55 8,821 12, 1J51 20,926 Cloncurry ? . , 406 490 t + Charters Towers 39.285 68594* 45,378i C9,263 Ravenswood ... 13,479 12,620 10,880] 8,700. Clcnuont|District 2,293 1,089 2,647| 058 Q-ladstpnc Dist'ct 785 3,430 823. 2,674 Gyiuine ?... ... 22, 5C8 39,511 30,066 65, 352 Warwick ? ;; — '? ... 416 26 Tenningering ? ? ? ? 1,809| .1, 54 j *This return does not include the yield \froin pyrites. *, +No returns received. ' : 1 From the above return it will be seen that the only decrease of any moment has taken place at Gladstone, which, strange to say, showed such a-marked increasp iu 18t$0 over 1879. The only new goldfield proclaimed during the year was Nebo, on the '3 Oth- April. Yesterday afternoona large number of ladies , aaseinbled in the Coimcil Chamber ^o make fur- 1 therarrangementsrespectingtheproposedBazaar ! in aid of tho Girls' new Grammar School. The chiair ' was occupied by Mrs. H. Palmer, the Lady President. After tbe confirmation of the minutes satisfactory progress was reported by tho ladies. Miss Walker kindly consented to be Mrs. Hyde's assistant at her stall. Mrs. Curd volunteered to take charge of a stall and considered there would be no difficulty in obtaining assistants. Mrs. Itzstcin and Mi*s. Annoar who were present, were good .enough to undertake the conduct of the refreshment stall ; and tho management of the flower stall was entrusted to Miss Bond. A suggestion,' whfch wo believe originated with Mr. La Bavtc, that the senior girls of tho Grammar School superintend the sevcuth stall required, was left over till the next meeting as no doubt the parents' consent and -assistance would be needed for the desired preparations. We learn several handsome donations have been promised and naid towards tho Bazaar funds'. Mr. Walker, one of the Trustees, -explained that some tinio ago Mr. Pollard, : of the Liliputian Opera Troupe, with b's usual kindness, offered to j*ivo' a' benefit performance for tlxo Girls* Grammar School and it had been decided that the performance should take place on Wednesday evening. He had dono all he could to make a compromise with Mr. IStrahan who had fixed his concert for the same night, but without success. As Mr. Pollard's time was 1:untcd here no other night was available. He (Mr. Walker) soi;citod tho co-operation of the ladies in fr''thcrance of the School benefit per formance, We understand Mr. Walker has already suoccodcd in disposing of oyer fifty resoivcd -seat tickets. The meeting separated shoitly afterwrrds. The scientific series of entertainments inaug urated at the Town Hall last evening, under the auspices of the world-renowned Professor J . H. Pepper, was attended with befitting eclat. A largo audience assembled to witness the clever experiments, and view with wondering eyes the illusive phantom — ^'Pepper's Ghost.' The pro gramme was of comprehensive variety, intro duced byn torse, practical, and instructive dis course on cliemistry, setting forth in tho most lucid manner the four distinctive elements of ills suDjeet, ana giving inrereswug cipcuuiuutB illustrative of the process of crystallising objects- also of : capillary attraction and cohesion of heavy metals and likewise of liquids. In tho course of. his remarks he observed ihat he had wonderfully increased his laboratory since lie opened it in Brisbane. The riches and mineral wealth of Queensland were enormous, and they knew very well it only required time and capi tal to make thbse riches multiply, ten ' or a hun dred-fold if they liked. Tlie next partr of the . = programme consisted of the entrancing classic story of . V .Pygmalion and .'Galatea,1*' or ' The Artist * and the ' Statue, the prominent .feature of which formed the first ghost illusion. This immortal discovery of tlip Professor's unique. ghost is sug festive of totally different ideas in connection with the. phono mena of light. ' To instruct and amuse -by means of oxy -hydrogen lights iliuminatiiig interes ting ' pictures ' have - become.- .established modes of gratification, -and the Professors ' Great War Diorama,' introducing tho various modern projectiles and the ponderous artillery, comprising the Woolwich Infant, gatling guns, &c;,, at present used' .in the effective -^bombard- , ment'of;: Alexandria^ was 'peculiarly welcomes, : and: i. frequently appliuded f by ? ,$he audience. The second ghost illusion included the ! supernatural ' visitation : of 'the ''spectre of ^dolplie .Caktle'. Altogether the perform ance^ ? proved a ' most . . marvellous . display of scientific skill and ingenuity. - All those of our readers who liavo never 'seen ^Peppers Ghost' should .certainly embrace this chance and hear His last lecture' this' evening. In Eng land wo may say_that even an ordinary exliibi-^. tion of a, Spectroscope, attracts thousands of people nightly, XhemvliaC Bliould be the attrac tion! 'of the real : 'jPcppef's Ghost.', The pro grammc thiB evening iwill be .entirely changed. : 'Me. W7 J. MclLEbr/tkvellingrep'resentativo, of the ? National Mutual Life Association (ac J ? wnn' 'Rino-liiim npowtlieri'is'now on ?a:yisit to, Maryborough/' .T^iB Association -is' the only Colonial Institution paying substantial bonuses evoiy three years. It was the first oflippj in the world to introduce the now famous non ^forfeiture principle {which preserves a members, policy in 'case of inability to pay premiums.) .Theee and other special features hoveled to its 'cxceptioiial popularity througliout all 'the colo nies. ThoPflStJIa^azimaTidlniiirance Monitor, wTitine 'after a critical scrutiny of the statements of account lately published, sayB 'fro^.aU that wo can learn the position and prospects or ;tne National Mutual are un8url)assiBd,, and the scientific press of Great Bntainjhas reterrea on i ( similar terms of praise., Mr. McHroy s address Is ^tthe'-Ciifltom House Hotel.— [Advt. J — I-HAVE- analysed an -original packet of 'Tbc^ Taeping, Mixtore,'' and 1' «ertlfy| that, in its chemical properties as!Tea, it 'tenches a mncq Ciffher- standard than that which is now re quired by the-London Board of Trade. The ; Mixture composed 'ol. pare uncolorea teas, i aha^admirably .flavored ^ith -fl^drfjeate and harmless sceniihg^which renacrs^JS^iy able lean -recommend it as being a whole? 