GENERAL NEWS. Water Reserve.—On Saturday, March 4, a deputation, consisting of Messrs. A. Tennant, M,P., Marshftil, McM^tin, and Pinch, waited updh the , Commissioner; of Crown TAndB, ana naked thatthe la^d on we.. old Willochra Bailwny1 Reserve JUHghJfe t be withdrawn from hale.'tin the'ground, that it contains a permanent water supply for utocjr. purposes. The situation of the reseryp ispnd mil. aorthof the Pinda township and ad jaoentho the bofiing dawn works.; The tJonj- j : missioner fproniised ta .gets; reported .jth?. subject, _anjj 88 id he would probably [ooidply withithe rpqueet.pJE ^ejlej^jdMio^.^ '^; 'j Bakon N.DE-J^OLA'r>.-fcW50 >iubi htfortaelli: J hat1 thedistinguiBhed-uataTtflisbj Baron N;: le Maclay, after having Bpedtvaiconsiderable; time' in, scientific research' in NeW) €hiitiet,i Anshnlasia. 'and other darta/has pfobeeded/ in; H.LR.M.S. V0Stnfl£'' via' Batavihitand : {Singapore, to Europe, Wffclr the intention' Of' 'making'public the rtesult> of hid lahoihs.' Baron Maclay expects ■' to'' rBturorrtor the , colonies' in about twelVe vmdnthsi, whed he:: Intehds to agamus&ciateMmself;/iratkthe Sydney Biological Station, which har. been i .established' principally' through his instrp mentality. vi ■ ' Volunteek Items.—In general orders the.' Commaqdqnt hopes that as many officers 'an'd' ;mien as are able to do so will join thO tadtch-' 'wihder ' Iidutenhht-COlonel yjLo^6tyf 'at' be i^rtied out on Eki⪙^ Mbhday^!t«fl^^ priies,; £20, £10, and £5- '' Ibrgctmns Idst' yda&'•1^Hel!'dtiriffittbii8'!sare-':i ver^. similar tbilaat'ydilr., TenmedtoOOffi? pete from'fea^h twp'fectn^^y.' 'will. b*6' afiowed 'to compete who' has not' :«6mp}fcted t 'J The Eably Govebnobs oeSootHjAus-,; yralia,—Our advertising columns annou&oe; i .that .a lecture will shortly, bp/d^iv^red in -j /Adelaide on the " First Throe .Goyerriors ofj. South Australia." . by Mr.,, Jjunqs Alleri, formerly of this polony., Mr- All^h. "whp has ' ! been absent from Adelaidp for pbout, twenty- j ■ five. years,, was,at ope ^phe pditot dfid PF°j; , prietor of the Register, and sut^eque.utly of i ,'tbe Adelaide Times. He also SuOcL the position of editor of the South 'Australian,' He was well known as atyddqufcspqkeh writer, and his intimate acquaintance ytfth the early history of the colony, eminently qualifies him to lecture.oh.ihe subject he had, chosen. PBOSPECT, NaILSWOBTH, AND EnTI^LD Tbamway Company.—A meeting of this Company was held on 'Thursday in Nos. 4 and 5, Matters's Buildings, when the Hon. W. C. Buik was elected Chairman'of Direc-' tors, Messrs. John Newman & Co. Secre taries, and Messrs. D. Kekwiok and J. C. Philips Auditors. ■■■■'•. <• Accident to Mb.; W. Potteb. —Th®: KapuTvda Herald states that the day's, enjoy,1, mentat the Point Pass.'Baces on'Monday. February 27, was considerably m'aited bya serious accident which .happened to Mr. W. Potter, of Eudunda.;, Hewakridinglhjs owii . horse m the District PlateJ and on Coming' to the post for the first tiffie the mare struOkone of the pegs, which causfed her to Swerve, un seating Mr. Potter, and throwing hitai'heavily on to his right shoulder Sndbidfeo£iuB head. 1 Beug close to the booth assiktanpe washt once : at hand, and he was catiied'in ahddcpdsblous state' to. the hoteL 'where every attention waspatdhim. Medical ajd Was at onch'Sedt for to Eudiinda, the'nehpest,"place, but udfbr-' ■ tunatelythe looaldoctorwasahaent. About 6 o'clock Dr. Feige, of Eudunddi arrived, aqd, on examination pronopncfOd the injuries of a serious nature, and ordered the patient, who was still' uncoas6ioqs, not to be removed., There are no bones broken. tlie injuries being telegram wak'sent f6r Dr. to the head. A Hamilton; of Eapunda, who' aPriyed about' lb ' m'/iI nnh . HaMam AMMtVnrt m! tt «*t a 1 o'clock. . Mrs. Potter arrivei '^krly ia tlie evening from Eudunda. On Tuesday eveding Mr. Potter was removed from, tbe Point PaSs Hotel to his residence at Eu^uuda, Where he now lies. Our latest infOriliatiou (Thursday afternoon) states that he is' do better. Con sciousness seems' to returd Occasionally, but only for a short time, when he'lapses into his former ^tate. ' ' Cebtif/cates to Masteb MABiNkBS.—The Gazette contains a despatch froin^he Secretary of State enclosing a communication from the Board of Trade, in whicli that hodystates that it will be no longer necessary for' the Colonial Government, m granting certificates of competency to masters of VesBOls, to insist upon the jptoyisibbs' of: thfe' domi ciliary clause of the . Order id- Council now in,operation. It ie, how1ever,.Sdg^ested that stress be laid upoa the necessity'for great caution on the paht 'of E$dunining Boards, who . should be ' instrdcted. to separately and, specially investigate each'case iu which the Candidates for adtnission are unable to prove a sufficient period Of domicile. S.A. Mutual Lira: Assauajice Society. , —From the first annual report, presented to the annual meeting of the mepbers on Thursday, March 9, we: extract the following; —The Directors have much pleasure ip Report-; ing that the Society's operations (hiring their first financial year have been very successful.. From the commencement of the Society to the 31st of December there were received 4t>l proposals for sums amounting to £111,100, 58 of which have been declined or withdrawn, amounting to £20,200 : 249 have been; com pleted—amountassured, £68,600. The annual income from the policies completed. to the 31st of December is £3,097 6s. 5a.; the average age of the lives assured is 31 years. Since the 1st January in the present year.an agency, has been established in Western Australia. The first claim (£100) was made upoa the Reserve Fund on the 16th of December by the death of one of the members. This .claim was paid early in January, From the revenue account we gather that the net premiums on 249 policies, assuring £68,600, and yielding a yearly revenue of £3,097 6s. 5d., was £2,356 15s. 3d.; while on the other Bide .the expenses of management inclusive amount to £1,214 Is. 2d. Hydrophobia.—We (S.M.Herald) have been shown by the Colonial Secretary a tele gram received by him from; th6 Agent General on the subject of hydrophobia. Mr. Samuel says:—" Dr. Saunderson recommends Erohibit importation of dogs entirely, except :om colonies where same regulations m force. Mr. Fleming advises recourse to rigid pro hibition, unless really, effective quaran tine can be guaranteed. Reports by mail." This telegram is in - reply to a letter written to Mr Samuel at the instance of the Chief Inspector of Stock, re questing that scientific advice might betaken in regard to the danger of introducing hydro phobia through the indiscriminate importa tion of dogs. Mr. Fleming is a member of the Royal College of Veterinary Surgeons, and,, as well as Dr. Burden Saunderson, is considered cne of the best authorities on subjects of this nature. Fat Cattle.—A correspondent informs nB that a mob of 300 prime fat cattle from Messrs. Bntler Brothers' paddocks, Crystal BrOok, crossed the Broughton Biver at Bed hill -yesterday, en route for the Adelaide -market. ' 1 Immigration and Emigration. — The Muhiber of persons -who arrived at Fort Ade-. laiae by sea from other parts dnring the., weekended Saturday,' February 11, was816., - Oflthese8i2 came from Melbourne, 2 from 'Sydney, and 1 from Hobart. Thennmbet ' who left by similar. means for other places. ' during tBWsame period Was1 281. Of these 165 vrent ba Melbourne, ^! to London, and-12 . r ^PAjL^rAfrriTics.t—The population : tf the : ooloWy on' January Twas estimated 'to 'fee' 292,778. The' number- of birthB registered during the ihonth of January waa7?8thr0'2#! ■: '—. cent* of the population; as [against 829" I'&sH;# ptr icenti lqr the cqrro$po»di»ff< ■ riod lOBt yeax. The deaths yere 4G1,, or O'lf «ndH9.deaths, : pHnjDREN's Hospital. —The ^monthly., meeting af-the Board of Management,we < held at the Hospital on Thursday,. Moron, FrosentrrHon,, J)r. Campbell ^in. thephair),; - Hpn. dno.;,Golt)oBtiMessrs. -Goode,Jkbister,, v «mdH~ jMildwjd " jdton.-Spjckey, • Wilkinson, jai^d Vv^ht.,, ; —|rs.; Campbell. sent ; anjapology for nonr ; attendance;. (The ■ .Hon., Treasurer, reports , \- .iieo^^tsidiBfag.jtpetfljist^aoidfc^M Is. MV "r expenditure, £LU.lQmld. TheSecretary,(Mr. ' Bl C, Nonnanj stoted that the ftttendancpa,^', . the .Cumeetraet^ dispensary,. -Jp- Febifliary-■, numbered 202, of whidh seventy- eight wejW'i '• Siw caaes.-'-It was noted, with Patisfaction-r liat '/thp ' out-patient#'. bards; distributed" , aOiongfet spbteMero, Bpd boXholder^, .fWrtjrtf' ■ fewel tl^ihelye|ti^ntliS^ ' recommeftranphsji'' 'Attiejitioh 'WasJ(jSectpd ■ evil-oispq&d;'•imroon (m, tine ^ama! desftrifc-'/1 tion of a palm-tiwih the' HoajnthliffbuhGs. ', Aiheetlhgoftfle3wiwPhCpmimtt&eroUowe; at which the mOhth'sacboimts Wefe exaixuhedL t• ■nd!j^s»pd'f . meeting #1' ! the City Councilor Monday it was .reported that the jSamteiry Inspectors,' after making searching enquiry^, haa good reason tp believe •that ' typhoid feyer wSa introduced into the city, by persons recently returned, from the country, It was resolved that the medical mep of the city be requested by circular to furnish full particulars of any fever cases which may come .under their notice to the Local Board of Health. Betbrning Otooek poe WestTorrens. —The Government: have intimated their in tention to appoint Mr. R. B. Cox Return ing Officer,for West Torrens in the place of Mr.W. Bowland, deceased. Immigration.—The number of immigrants who landed in the colony during the year 1881 was as followsMarried men, 67 J: married women; €8 ; single men, 257; single. women, 205;.children, 186;; total, 783. Arrest for Fraudulent Insolvenot.— Frederick Edwards, a storekeeper,: on - a charge of fraudulent insolvency, . wan landed .at the Semaphore on Thursday, , March 2, from .the steamer Skyro from Sydney,: whence he was brought by Senior 1 Constable Kemey, of that city. Fraudulent Insolvency.—At the Insol vency Ccitrit'on Thursday, Hugh James Theakstone.a master mariner, was ordered to W imprisoned for nine months for fraudii , leflt infeWvency. His Honor the Chief Justioe said if tfhe fraud perpetrated by insolvent had beCU cpmpleted in the colony he. wonld have rendered himself liable to imprisonment for eight or ten years for embezzlement. : ORANCjU Institution.—The Knights of the Black Breceptory, No. 448, having determined to shotf their appreciation of Brother Knight H. Sharks, assembled' at a banquet'on'Satur day nighty March 4, iqr the purpose of giving him ja fitting' rebeption and presentation, consisting of a han dsome gold locket, specially debigned as ah ehiblem in itself; the'vatious debrefSsbfthb Ordet being engraved thereon. Broiheh Knight'Jbhn Sewell, D.M.; B.V., irbsidbd, Uemg "supported by the guest and BrdtherS Knights' E:' Bieatt, H. J. Pudney, G.T. , jpo.1 Ly ■ aiid' bthers. The Chairman in giving'the loykl tpbst; which was drunk with enthusiasm; bbinmented on the happy de liverance which the Qneen had received ftoin danger. ;The presentation, which was'on account of services rendered as lecturer, and of the1 respect^ entertained to the brother knight^ was r then made. The recipient appropriately responded, and other toasts having^been honoured the proceedings closed. Bough on the Lawyer.—At the City Police-Court, on Monday, the laugh was unexpectedly turned against a well-known lawyerwho prides himself on his ability at crossiekamining Witnesses. The: Court Was crowded to excess by persons anxions to hear the insurance conspiracy case,' and another one arising out of ah lattem.pt by. one Civil servant to " throttle" another, when during the hearing of a petty case of using abusing language the lawyer in question attempted.to convince an old man who was giving evidence' that no very bad language and no threats had really been iiBed. Said the barrister, drawing himself up to his full height-" Now, woOld it hot be pleasant to be drowned in this warms ! Weather ?• The old man was rather deaf, and' he asked for the question to be repeated. It evidently' shocked him, for bis reply was. brief and cutting. He only said, "You're a fool!" but it caused quite a roar of laughter, and it was allowed to pass without a word of . censure from the Bench or even of retaliation from the legal luminary thus briefly summed up. And the old man won his case, too, getting his opponent fined 10s. and costs. Sir Samuel Wilson. —" Anglo-AuBtralian" in the European Mail says:—" Sir Samuel Wilson has decided not to proceed with the petition against the return of the Solicitor General for Ireland. The best legal , opinion in Dublin is to the effect that the petition would probably be successful, but that Sir Samql Wilson could not claim the seat. The leaders of the Conservative party believe that the factB.of the case can be brought out with very, damaging effect to the Ministry in a Parliamentary debate on the subject. The action of Mr. Frank Hugh O'Donnell, M.P., in interfering in the Londonderry election, was result fehowed that the. Land League and Home Rnle party had as a rule voted against the Conservative candidate. Ike bait held out by the Solicitor-General of reductions of rent in the Land Cotirt by his Commissioners of from 20 to 70, per cent, was too much for the Roman Catholic tenant fanners to resist, even although they bitterly hate the Govern ment for the imprisonment of their leaders in Kilmninbam- I learn that it is in contem plation by the Conservative party in Buck inghamshire to request Sir Samuel Wilson to come forward as a candidate for the county at the next general election, or when a vacancy may arise." Quick Dispatch at Poet Adelaide.—It. is evident of late that equal dispatch can be had in unloading and loading vessels at Port Adelaide us. at any port outside the colony. The-case of the steamer Skyro is an example in point. She arrived on Thursday afternoon' last,.and was moored at Queen's Wharf at 5.30.p.m. Messrs. Simpson & Son had her discharged ■ and reloaded in a trifle over two: days, the vessel sailing at 6 p.m. on Saturday.. During this period the stevedores under the charge, of Messrs. Baker & Grow unloaded . 1,800 tons of coal and 120 tons of general; cargo and filled the vessel up with 1,170 tons of general cargo. The total quantity (2,590. tons) was moved at a rate of about 53J tons per hour for 48} hours, the period of the; vessel's stay in harbour. > • Rev. J. R. Ferguson. —From the March number of the S.A. Independent ™® learn that this rev. gentleman has resigned the pastoral care of the Congregational Churches at Salisbury and Golden Grove. Mr. Fer guson has been a minister in the colony for about Sixteen years. Survey of Government Land.—Messrs. Coles End Dixson, M.P.'s, waited on the Commissioner of Crown Lands -on Monday, March 6, to ask that the land east of the Hundred of King might be surveyed. They presented a - petition in - support of their request, numerously signed by the selectors in the neighbourhood, who also stated.that they The Commissioner, in reply, Baid^anreport; should be obtained, and it it were favourable theland should be surveyed' and. opened for Selection. Dieath of Mr. J. S. Bagster.—We have to record the death of Mr, J, S. Bagster, of Unley,1 father of Mr. J. H. Bagster; M.P., who is now on a visit to the Northern Terri tory. The deceased, who was a relative of the Messrs. Bagster, the well-known Bible publishers, arrived. in the colony with his wife and son in the ship Caroline ui the year 1849, and for many years he' held a position in the Government Printing Office. S.A. Mercantile Marine Service Asso ciation.—A meeting of this Association took place at the Exchange Hotel, Port Adelaide, on Monday night, March 6. Captain Bartlett presided, and there was a good attendance, including Captain Lee, the Secretary. The reply of .the Marine Board was read to the request of the deputation which waited on them with regard to the conduct of enquiries under the new Act, and as the ' Government' did not propose to in terfere until it was returned from Eng land, the matter was dropped for the present. A notice Of motion was given for the discussion of the subject of appointing a legal adviser to the Association. One member was elected and a candidate proposed. Tenders.—The following tenders were opened on Feb. 24 at the Surveyor- General's OfficeClearing road, Hundred of Tickera (3); W. WilBon, lowest; clearing road, Hun dred. Tigera, 0.), G. BaitierT; deepening ~ !j(l), J. r Nackra Wells (1), J. Pearce; repairing Wif lowie Whim Well (1), J. Campbell. Animal Vaccination. — Mr. Chalwin,. MiR.C.V.S., has informed ub that on Monday he took three adults who were vaccinated on Wednesday, February 22, with lymph:direct from the heifer to the Adelaide B" Hospital for inspection by the honorary and other medical officers assembled there at 12 o'clock noon, for the purpose of showing the. successful issue which has resulted from his efforts to j establish pure lymph from the. animal... The medical gentlemen who examined the pa tients were the Colonial Surgeon,. Drs. J. Davies Thomas, C. Gosse, Ward, Wilson, Ellison, Nesbit, and others, all of whom were pleased with the appear ance of the vesicles produced, and pro nounced the experiment to be an un qualified success. Mr. Chalwin will be prepared after a short time to supply the Government, for the use of the medical pro fession, with animal vaccine lymph ad lib. Market for Morwood.—A movement is, we are told, on foot for the establishment of a meat, fish, vegetable, fruit, and general produce market in Norwood, to give this and the populous settlements thereabouts the same advantages as are enjoyed -by the citizens of Adelaide in their two markets. ; The site we understand is in the neigh bourhood of Queen and Margaret streets, and has a frontage to the Parade. Rain in the Interior.—Mr. A. F. Berry telegraphs to us from Terowie on March 4 as followsReferring to your notice of rain in the North-East, Crews a Co., mail eon tractors, inform me positively that no rain of any consequence has fallen between here and Wilcannia." Rechabites' Friendly Society. — The Ashton Rechabite Hall was opened on Wed- nesday, March 1. At 11 a.m. one of Hill and Co.'a buses left the Rechabite Hall, Grote street, with District Officers, trustees, and other members of the Order, arriving at Ashton at 1 o'clock. The sports were Kept np until 6 o'clock. About 300 sat down to tea, after which the public meeting was held, Mr. Councillor Holland, P.D.C.R., presiding. The meeting was addressed by Mr. Alderman Madge, Mr. Councillor Gould, E. Alcock, D.S.; E. Kessel, D.T.; P.C.R.'s Copland and Bishop; Mr. W. E. Fisher, Chairman of Crafers District Council; ana Mrs. Captain Sutherland, of Salvation Army. The singing was well sustained and very creditably per formed by ladies and gentlemen in the neigh- bourhood. During the afternoon His Excel lency the Governor and his Aide-de-camp visited and inspected the building. His Excellency said ne was very much pleased to see such a fine hall, and said it was a credit to the Order and an ornament to the locality. The building, which is 40 feet by 21 feet in the clear, with a porch in front and an ante room at back, is of Gothic architecture and built with sandstone, with cut-stone front and quoins. Contractors, Messrs. Lake and Son, of Kensington: Architect, Mr. S. P. Wilson, of Uraicla; Clerk of Works, Mr. E. Gould, of Bowden. Cost of building, includ ing furniture, £500. A Clever Huntsman.—An English paper says:—" Horsemanship is scarcely the correct term to apply to an extraordinary perfor mance reported by our Hungarian contempo rary; deermanship would probably be the more appropriate word. The other day, while a noble stag of ten was being hotly chased by the K&posztesmegyerer; hounds—a subscrip tion pack—one Karl Poros, a discharged hussar, managed to bring the terrified animal to a standstill in some close cover through which it was forcing its way, and by an almost superhuman effort of strength and agility to vault upon its back. After several desperate but unsuccessful attempts to dis lodge its rider from his seat, the stag, stimulated anew to flight by the cry of the fast-approaching hounds, resumed its course, but it soon broke down under the weight of its unaccustomed burden and gave up the ghost through sheer exhaustion and terror. Poros—at least, so the story goes was found by the huntsmen sitting'on the unwounded carcass of the stag, which he had literally ridden to death, and resolutely claimed as the just reward of an achievement unprecedented in the annals of the chase," : Major Fergussgn.—This officer, who : spme time since was accredited by the Government with authority to enquire into the Indian system of coolie labour, with the .view of placing information before the Legis • lature to enable it to decide whether or not the same or a similar system of labour should be adopted for the development of the . Northern Territory, returned to the colony on.Saturday by the Shannon, and during the forenoon he had an interview with the Chief Secretary on the subject of his mission. Gas Company Employes' Picnic.—On Thursday, Match 2, the town employes of the South Australian Gaa Company held their annual picnic at Houghton. The party, num bering about thirty-five, were conveyed in one of; Hill & Co.'a coaches, arriving at the Travellers' Best soon after 10 o'clock. After luncheon the toast of " The Queen and Royal Family" having been' honoured, that of the 1 "South Australian Gas Company, coupled withthenames of the Manager (Mr. Ander son) and the Secretary (Mr. Evans)," was en thusiastically received. During the day various games were indulged in, the whole of the party Apparently thoroughly enjoying themselves. An early start for home was made,, all -being safely landed by about 11. o'clock. Loyal Highercombe Lodge, LO.O.F.— The twenty-sixth anniversary of this Lodge was celebrated on Friday evening, March 3, by a dinner held in the Teatree Gully Hotel. The chair was occupied by the Hon. R. D. Ross?: M.P., Speaker of_ the House of Assembly, and the vice-chair- by Mr. Alder man Buhdey. About eighty, guests were present.: After the usual loyal and other toasts had been honoured, Mr; G. F. Ind pro-, posed success to.the Lodge, Mr. W.'Whit more responded, and stated that since the Lodge started over £1,000 had been paid away for'sick pay. Other customary toasts were dirunk, and the proceedings, wnich had been enlivened by many good songs and recitations,1 closed. The South Australian Coal Company. —The half-yearly report of the Directors con gratulates the shareholders oh the improved trade and on the generally satisfactory posi tion the Company has attained. It recom mends the payment of the usual dividend of sixpence per share, with a bonus of six pence persharb, This is equivalent to a pat ient of 20 per cent, per annum on the paid capital of the Company, while a surplus remains to increase the balance at the credit of profit and Iobs. At present it has not been deemed advisable to issue the remaining 5,000 shares alluded to in last report, but they will be offered to the shareholders in the course of the current half-year. The arrange ments as to; steam carriage referred to in the last report have been completed, and it is hoped that the steam collier now approach ing completion will be here and ready for work by July 1. Tbe sales of coal and coke for the naif-year amounted to £9,8 ,958, and the stock on hand to, £278. The earnings of the tvhari reached £714, and the profit received luring the period in question was £3,513. J Funeral of the Late Dr. Baily.—On Sunday afternoon last the remains of the above deceased gentlemen were interred in Sie West-terrace Cemetery. The procession, hich was very lengthy, included numerous representatives of the Foresters, Rechabites, Druids, and Grand' United Order of Odd fellows, Two mourning coaches and between forty and fifty traps followed the hearse, and the procession was met at the cemetery gates by a large' number of vehicles, horsemen, gnd people on foot. Among those present were the Hon, W. C. Buik, Captain Bruce, Drs. Cawley, Clindening, Cleland, Corbin, Dunlop, Gardner, Mackintosh, Nesbitt, Bees, Robertson, Seabrook, Sprod, Thomas, and Thompson, Messrs. S. Beddome, P.M. T. Ward, J.P., T. Caterer, J.P., H. Kelly, J.P., D.Packham,J.P.,C. Smedley, J. P., J. ,R-, and W. Bnik, L. Giles^Alderman Madge, Council lor Brooks, Rev. F. W. Cox, Messrs. Scott, Either, Snoll, Champion, Olding, Hallack, and others. Tne Episcopal ana Friendly Societies' services were read over the grave, the former by the Rev. W. B. Andrews, and the latter by Brother Thorn. S.A. Coal Company, Limited.—The half-yearly ordinary general meeting of shareholders in the above was held on Monday, March 6, at the Exchange Arbitration-room, but owing to a quorum pf shareholders not being present the Chairman (Mr. A. S.- Clark) declared the meeting adjourned for one week. A dividend bf sixpence and a bonus of sixpence per share were declared. Grange Baptist Church.—The first anni versary of this Church took place on Sunday, February 26. Services were conducted in tne church in the morning by the Rev. J. A. Burns (Bible Christian minister), and in the evening by the Rev. Morgan Lloyd, of Alber ton. Both services were well attended. On the Tuesday following a tea meeting was held. in the church, trays for which had been provided and were presided over by MesdameB Henry Morgan, Beck, Jeans, Peek, Simmonda, and Thomas. After the tea a public meeting took place, presided' over by the Rev. Mr. Hancock, Addresses were delivered by the Revs. David Badger, Allan Webb, Morgan Lloyd, and the Chainnan. Mr. H. Morgan, in the absence of the Honorary Secretary (Mr. W. M. Smith) read the financial report, from which it appears that the expenditure has been £424 4b. 6d.; income, £245 14s. 8d. The latter includes £125 loan from S. A. Baptist Association. During the evening vocal and instrumental music was given by Mesdames Parkhouse, Ledger, Walker, and Miss E. Smith. The anniversary was considered successful for the large number that attended all the services and for the amount realized— £20. Christian Chapel, Hindmabsh. — The twenty-seventh anniversary of the Sunday school in connection with the above Chapel was held on Sunday, February 26. The Rev. David Badger ana Mr. J. T. Gore, M.A., addressed the children. Crowded congrega tions attended both services. On the follow ing Monday evening 270 persons sat down to tea in the lecture hall, after which a public meeting took place in the chapel, presided over by Mr. T. Lees. Several ministers and friends addressed the meeting, which was of a very interesting character. On Wednes day, March 1, the children's picnic took place on the grounds pf Mr. Taylor, Fulham. Twenty vehicles conveyed over 300 children and a large number of iriendk The weather was all that could be desired, and the' holi day. was fully enjoyed by young and'old.' On their, return at 5 oclock an excellent tea wis provided, and the public meeting took place in; the chapel. The Secretary's report was read, showing that satisfactory progress con tinued to be made. The number at present on the school roll is 355: average attendance, 200. Ninety pounds had been raised'by the school during the year towards liquidating the debt of £800 on the schoolroom. Mr. William Brooker, an old scholar, and Superintendent of the school, presided, who witn Dr. Kidner delivered interesting addresses specially to the scholars. The vocal singing, under the direction of Mr. E. W. Palmer, formed a special feature of interest. Blind and Deaf and Dumb nstitution.— A meeting of the committee of the above institution was held at the office of Mr. William Townsend, M.P., on Friday morn ing, March 3, when there were present Mr. Townsend fin the chair), several members of the committee, the Superintendent (Mr. Robert Hogg), and the Secretary (Mr. Roffe Searcy). Mr. Thomas English (architect to the institution) was also present, and ex plained the plans of the proposed additions to ike present new building, Which were laid before the committee.' It was resolved that ths architect confer with Mr. Hogg as to the suitability of the plans and the amount of convenience that will be furnished, and report before proceeding to carry out the designs. A letter wbb read from the attorneys of Miss DaCosta (Messrs. George Hance and Alfred Spence) informing the committee that Miss DaCoBta had instructed them to pay over the sum of £100 as a dona tion in aid of the funds of the institution. It was unanimously resolved that the sincere thanks of the committee be accorded to Miss DaCosta for her exceedingly hand some gift, as they deeply feel tbe very great kindness she has manifested towards the institution. A letter was also read from Mr. JosephElliott, proprietor of the Southern Argus, Stating that it was his intention to send weekly a copy, of that paper free to the institution. Resolved that Mr. Elliott be thanked^ for his kind offer. An application for admission was'received from Mrs. Mary McArthur, aged seventy: blind. It was resolved that she could not ' be admitted, as she was ineligible. An application was also received from Matthew Harris (aged 29), blind. It was resolved that the applicant; who is a married man, could hot be admitted. The Chairman reported that he had received from Mr. C. fiischbeith (executor under the will of the late J; G. Anderson, deceased) a cheque for £300, being portion of the lej^cy left by Mr. Aniderson'to the institution. It was unani mously Tesolved that the additions to be made to the building be called the "Anderson Wing." The Chairman reported that every thing at the institution was going on satis factorily. The Bank balance snowed a credit of £413 2s. 3d. At the close of the meeting Mr. C. Peacock intimated that he intended in a few days to start for England, and that he would be absent about six months from the meetings of the committee. The members present thereupon wished Mr. Peacock a pleasant and safe voyage and speedy return. The committee then adjourned. Visit of Pb. Mobier to England.—On Thursday evening, 2nd. inst., a few friends of Dr. W.,J. Morier, J.P., of Woodlands, in vited that gentleman to meet them at Noar lunga. in. order to wish him "good-by" on the eve of his departure on a yiBit to Scot land. An excellent cold collation was pro vided at the Horsehoe Inn, wtiich was pre sided over by Mr. Jaines Clark, J.P., Mr. A. Hack, J.P., of Aldinga, being Vice-Chair man. There were between thirty and forty present, including representatives of Wil lunga. Maclaren Vale, Aldinga, Noarlunga, and.Morphett Vale. The usual loyal and patriotic toasts were duly honoured, and the Chairman, in proposing "The Guest of the Evening," took occasion to refer to the medical skill and thorough straightforward ness of the doctorls character, which had secured him the regard and esteem of those amongst whom he had lived during the last three or four years, and expressed the hope that he would have a pleasant and sale passage to the old country and a speedy return. The remarks of the Chair man were supported by the Rev. E. K. Miller, Messrs. M. Burgess, J.P., A. Hack, J.P., C. H. Myles, Blacker, Dick, Beyer, Taylor, and others, who proposed the various toasts. The health of Dr. McGowan, J.P., of Willunga, who takes charge of Dr. Morier's practice during his absence, was also drunk. The meeting was enlivened by songs and recitatiokB by the Chairman, Dr. Morier, Messrs. Price, Carter, and others, and a very enjoyable evening was spent. Cornet Point Light.—South Australia is distinguished for its well-lighted coasts, wherever the sea traffic tends; and the Marine Board, justly proud of the reputation, prove themselves conservators by well-timed additions to the lights existing. The latest exhibition is at Corney Point, where the traders with Spencer's Gulf will find great assistance from the illumination. We nave already described the lighthouse, and it remains to notice the visit of inspection paid by the Board. The party, comprising the President (Captain Ferguson, S.M.) and the Wardens (Captains Smith, J.P., and McCoy, J. P., and Mr. John Formby), with Mr. Hill, the engineer from the Locomotive Depart ment, left the Semaphore in the steamer Governor Musgrave on Tuesday evening, and arrived at Corney Point the-next morning. The keeper had reported two or three days previously that he could not get the machi nery to work, and Mr. Hill, who had come for the purpose, took it to pieces, discovered the cause, and rectified it. Early in the after noon the machinery was started working, and the lamp was lit and kept burning for four hours prior to the lighting-iip at night. The Board in the steamer went from place to place to witness the exhibition. They were pleased to find the published description as to the distances at which it might be ob served -to be thoroughly correct, though of course in hot weather, when much refraction obtains, the light will be visible at unusual distances. After six hours' cruising the steamer re turned to the anchorage, and in the morning the Board went ashore to enquire as to how the machinery worked. The answers were satisfactory, and it was shown _ that the burner reauired no trimming, giving out as much brilliancy in the morning as wheu lit at night. With regard to Webb Bock, which is a serious danger to navigators, the Board went sufficiently near it ou Wednesday even ing to discover that portions stood out of the water. It had been generally thought that 8 feet of water washed over the rock, but one pinnacle stood out quite 4 feet above the sea, and master mariners should be wary how they steer by day iu this quarter. At night they need have no danger if they keep well within the light displayed from Gorney Point. In order to prevent even any faint illumination from deceiving the navigator in this matter the Board have painted an arc of the lantern for about 20°, by which Webb Bock is completely shut out of the light. For purposes of safe navigation a similar thing has been done in respect to an arc of 14° on the northerly side. The light may be said to be extended over the sea within a semicircle, the other semicircle being occupied by the laud and dangerous parts of the Gulf near thereto. The lenses are backed by a mirror, which returns certain xays of light to them, and increases the illu mination 75 per cent. The Corney Point is, like the Altnorpes, Tipara, and Troubridge Lighthouses, without telegraphic communi cation. The Warooka line is about twenty miles away from the new lighthouse. The Board called at the Althorpes on their return trip, and found all well. They arrived at , the Semaphore late on Thursday night. The Attempt upon the Queen's Life.— A crowded meeting of citizens was held in the Town Hall on luesday night for the purpose of expressing their thankfulness for the escape of Her Majesty from the late attack made upon her life. The Mayor occupied the cl.air, and among the speakers were the Chief Justice, the Chief Secretary, Sir Henry Ayers, the Speaker of the House of Assembly, and other influential gentlemen. . A resolution was carried expressive of the abhorrence of the citizens at the- attempt oh the Queen's life and their thankfulness at her fortunate escape, which will be for warded to England by cablegram. The John Elder.—This Orient Liner, from London, arrived at Suez on the 13th ultimo. Her arrival at the Semaphore may therefore be looked for on or about Saturday next, the 11th instant. ' German Mail Service.—Messrs. G. & R. Wills &'Co. inform usthey are advised by the mail respecting the Sloman Line of steamers that Mr. Sloman has concluded arrangements with the German Government for tne con veyance of mails, and his boats will in future 8au from London on the 15th of every month, calling at Girgenti for mails, and this will doubtless necessitate fixed dates homeward. Death of Mr. A. G. Cbanz. J.P.—We regret to have to.record the death of Mr. A. G. Cranz,(J.jPM. which took place after ashort illness, at his residence, Gawler, on Tuesday afternoon.' Mr. Cranz formerly occupied a position in the Bank of South Australia, but for the last three years .has been Manager of the Gawler Branch' of the Commercial Bank., The Grange Railway.—The ceremony of turning the first sod of the Grange Railway line, which is to be laid between the Grange and Woodville to join the Port and Adelaide line, was performed on Tuesday morning by the Hon. R. D. Ross, in the presence of a large number of persons. The guests were entertained afterwards on the Grange Jetty, and speeches appropriate to the occasion were made. Brompton Wesleyan Church.— The thirtieth anniversary tea meeting of the Sunday-school in connection with this Church took place on Monday evening in the spacious schoolroom attached to the church, at which a large number of persons attended, after which a public meeting was held in the church, at which Mr. James Harry, Super intendent of the school, presided. The Honorary School Secretary (Mr. Thomas Pickering) read the annual report, from which it appeared that the school roll consists of fifteen male and twelve female teachers, 170 male and 1G7 female scholars, with an average attendance of 216 scholars. Large additions had been made to the library, which now contained 680 volumes; the issue for the year had been 1,716. Six new classrooms had been added to the school building during the year, and gave all the accommodation re quired for the proper working of the school. The balance- sheet was also read, showing a balance in hand of £8 2s. 2d. A Band of Hope had been formed in December last; three meetings had since been well attended. Officers appointed were—Rev. James Allen, President; Mr. James Harry, Vice- President: and Messrs. Perriam and G. C. Tregenza, Honorary Secretaries. The Chairman, and Revs. James Allen, G. E. Rowe, S. S. Moncrieff, and Samuel Knight addressed the meeting. . During Mr. Rowe's very effective address he alluded to the Queen's escape from being shot, which elicited a round of applause from the audience and school children. The children did credit to their conductor (Mr. T. W. Lawton) by the manner in which they sung with the aid of the Church choir. On Tuesday the usual children's picnic took place at Oak lands, the residence of the Hon. John Crozier, M.L.C., and although the weather was very hot the children thoroughly enjoyed them selves. A large number of spring-wagons and private traps conveyed nearly 400 children and friends, all of whom reached Brompton soon after sundown. The whole of the arrangements were satisfactorily carried through by Mr. Harry and the teachers con nected with him. Royal Society.—The usual monthly meet ing of this Society was held at the Institute on Tuesday evening, March 7. There was a good attendance, and Dr. Stirling occupied the chair. His Honor the Chief Justice sent an apology for non-attendance. Dr. Henry and Mr. Vv illiam J. E. Middleton were elected FellowB of the Society. Mr. C. Todd, C.M.G., stated that the transit circle of the Observa tory had arrived in the colony, but the build ing for it had not yet been commenced. This was no doubt due to the pressure of work iu the Architect-in-Chief's Department. He had also received a "sunsnine recorder," which he would exhibit at the next meeting of the Society. A new anemograph had been received from Melbourne. Mr. R. A. White, Superintendent of Signals, S.A. Railways, read a paper on " Safe Working of Railways. ' It proved very interesting as well as instruc tive, and at its close a short discussion took place, in which the principles laid down for safe railway travelling by Mr. White were approved. The South Australian Museum.—The Board of Governors ot the South Australian Institute have appointed Dr. Haacke, at present of the Christchurch Museum, N.Z., Acting-Curator of the Institute Museum during Mr. Waterhouse's absence on leave. Mr. William Haacke, Ph.D., was a distin guished student of zoology and comparative anatomy at the University of Jena, where he held the post of assistant in the Zoological MuBeum, of which institution the distin guished Professor Ernest Haeckel is Director. He had previously held a similar appoint ment in the Zoological Museum of Kiel under the scarcely less distinguished Professor Mobus. Having decided to visit New Zealand Dr. Haacke obtained temporary appointments, first in the Dunediu Museum under Professor Parker, and afterwards in that of Christchurch under Professor vou Haast. Dr. Haacke bears the very highest testimonials from all these gentlemen as to his zeal and technical knowledge. It may therefore be confidently expected that under his care and with the advantage of a new and capacious building the Natural History Museum iu this city will reach a very high degree of excellence both in a scientific and popular point of view. Moonta Water Supply.—The YorMs Peninsula Advertiser states that the Mayor of Moonta received the following telegram from the Commissioner of Public Works on Thurs day. March 2" Arrangements have beeu made to start one still at Moonta at once: a second still will be started if necessary. Go vernment will subsidize the Council iu sink ing wells, not to exceed twenty, in the sand hills." The water from one of the tanks on the park lands has been pumped out, only thin mud remaining, and as one of the tanks is reserved^ only two tanks are being drawn from. This, of course, necessitates all the teams going to the other two tanks, and there is a great deal of grumbling and complaining at the time people have to wait before their turn comes. The supply is now limited, and the Town Clerk has to refuse to issue tickets at one time for more than can be taken'away during the day. The See of Adelaide.—A special call of Synod was made for Tuesday to consider what steps should be taken to fill up the vacancy in the See of Adelaide. After con siderable discussion the laity unanimously decided to delegate the appointment to the Archbishop of Canterbury, assisted by four other Bishops, while the minority of the clergy Were in favour of Synod making the appoint ment j and by the rules of Synod's making the question was carried in favour of delegation. The Bishops of Durham, Bedford, Winches ter, and Truro were elected to act with the Archbishop of Canterbury. The Kapunda Stabbing Case.—Foik was brought up on Monday (states the local Herald of March 7), and again remanded till the following Monday. He would have been sent back by the return train, but had some sort of fit, which prevented his being sent away until the evening train. Mrs. Floyd, who last week appeared to be recovering rapidly, was yesterday again in a very low condition. The Easteb Campaign.—In order to show what interest is taken in the proposed march out of the V.M.F. aiid B.V.F. in Easter, it inay be mentioned that Lieutenant-Colonel Lovely has received a telegram from Captain ' J. Baker, of the Quorn Rifle Company, stating that some of the men of that company would join in the campaign. As the men have to ° travel a very long distance to join the town company this .is all "the more" creditable to them. . New Rohan Catholic Church a* CabbiEton. : — Our local correspondent writes on March 4; — His LoWsnip the . Right Rev. Dr. Reynolds, Roman Catholic Bishop of Adelaide, arrived here to-day for the purpose of dedicating our handsome new . church, which was creditably finished at the end of last year, and reflects great predit on the contractor, Mr. P. T. O'Dea. A number of vehicles and horsemen followed His Lord ship, who was accompanied by Father Nevin. On His Lordship approaching the church he passed through a beautiful arch constructed of evergreens, on which appeared a very nicely painted Irish motto—" Cead mille failtne. under which was. the representa tion of the ancient harp of Tara and sham rocks. His Lordship, after entering the chapel, was presented with an illuminated address by Mr. James McNamara, J.P., Of . Eurelia, to. which Dr. ReypoldB responded very appropriately. The ceremony of dedi cation of St. Raphael's new Roman Catholic Church was performed at "11 o'clock oil Sun day by His Lordship, assisted by the pastor, Father Neviu, and two acolites and cross bearers, all of whom marched in procession inside and outside the church, followed by some of the congregation. Eleven o'clock mass was celebrated By Father Nevin, at the completion of which His Lordship delivered a very able sermon, which resulted izi a very good collection—£110 cash and £40 promised, £150 in all. His Lordship and Father Nevin afterwards proceeded to Willochra. Convalescent Hospital.—A meeting of the committee was held on Wednesday, March L Present—Dr. Wvlde (in the chair), Mrs. Davies Thomas, Mr. CharlesGoode, and Mrs. Walters (Acting Hon. Secretary). Ac counts to the amount of £54 15s. id. were - passed and ordered to be paid? and subscrip tions amounting to £10 10s; were received. Mrs. Farr's resignation, which was sent in - owing to her leavmgthe colony, was accepted - with great regret. The Matron reported that the Hospital liad been very full all-the month, • and that on the last day of February twenty four patients were there. Biblewoman's Mission.—The fifteenth annual report of the North-East Adelaide Biblewoman's Mission was as follows:— Another year having run its course the com mittee of the Biblewoman's Mission desire to present to the subscribers their annual report, . which on the whole isvery encouraging. Truth has been diffused, trouble lightened, good effected, and hearts gladdened. The Mothers* meetings have never before been so well and regularly attended as during the past year, which was saddened by the first death that has occurred amongst their number. Her two little children have been taken charge of, one by its grandmother, the other by the committee. There has been paid into the Sick Club for tbe year ending December 31, 1881, by thirty-eight subscribers, the sum of £2014s. 7d., to which the committee add 4d. in every shilling. The amount subscribed this year for clothing is £18 5s. 7d., and for books £7 2s. lOd. The number of visits paid, by the Biblewoman was 3.453, and the com mittee feel it due and right to say that they have the fullest confidence in their agent and the very acceptable way her work is carried out. Tne committee have also to repeat their thanks to the Rev. Mr. Lyall and tne officers of the Flinders-street Presbyterian Church for permission to meet in their vestry. Their thanks are also due to those ladies who so kindly responded to the request made for left-off clothes, as this mode of assistance helps them greatly in their work. The financal report shows the total receipts for the year to De £73 10s. 6d., which, after de ducting all expenditure, leaves a balance in hands of £218s. Cd. 