THE NEW PROTESTSTaA IeILL UELLOUo-NE T!e founlatian st?,n ,f the edifice haove-named was 1a l a f.:,- !:e ago by tiie liu. Dr. Gilchrist, in' pr?- n;c of a large nlntumber of peron ;.:::,n whom ware :I',jrS'.ithlL, r -. L L.S mirth, . M . Clark, L 'arrn' . t:: !o.rr, .1.L.A ', and clergymen of all Pir, steet dn:,minaations All the Oran .z 1.,-1-. of tIh city anl ruburb' in tin-rr regal: , an 1 t!." e nclmbera of tlhe Pr-:?e.snt AIeis,.e assool tian, were present. As a ,basis for a few rc::arb:s which we will offer on the subioct wh in space p.runits, Awe sabjin a bri.f abstno.t of :h-e two principal spe-ches delicere I in the cour-c of the proceelin .a The Rev. Dr. Gikhr:i-, saving first ex plained the ris njtOd pr.,gre of the tmore ncnt to erect a new 'r ,:csr:-in!al!, went on to speak of the prihviple s, a ,ti an I oh jects of those to w!.' se Fpecial use the building was to bo levn:d. S:. h an event as tlhat of that dur betokened a greater earn I estness anl vigor in ther Pro.ecstant organi sation. Among the resuls of that orgati sation was that a :o.ner watch was being kept on the mtovesmento s if events both in the religious and political world, with a. view to tlhe taking of such artion as mi=iht so cure the free play of liberal Protestant principles in the conduct of public aifLire, as well us the prevention of sectarian par tiality in the appointmra t of public tll eers. Re referred to the m:agnitude and influence of the Orange associations of the old world, and said that in England many even of those who found themselves un able to approve unl 1 lopt the historical politics of Orn?gi esi wire. co:rtrdneI d to admit the nee-ssity for soame aie.-o.ieaion of kindred aims and objects to check the aggressive action of the Roman hierachy, and to counteract tie distnrbing influence of that shuttlecock of British politics-the Catholic vote. He maintained that it was necessary to preserve anu attitule of an togonism to the Church of Rome, inns much as alth?iogh she had not moved with the advancing intelligence of the ages, she still claimed an infallible authority over the conscience in all things, and the right to depose kirng, to absolve peoples from allegiance to their princes, to persecute those hollirg doctrines opposed to her own, and to have a controllifg voice in the stt arrangements for the education of youth. The march of pro.ress which hatl takenplace in England since the timeno of Queen Elizabeth would neverhiave been permitted if the revolution of 1688 had not weaknmed Romish influence ; and ar. other iusance of the effect on the pros poerity oft country of a return to Protest anutism vas observable in the case of Italy, \rlich, unitel under a Liberal Go verunmetr, was gra lually rising into power and influence anmong.t the nations of Europe. In Victoria they must remember the leosens which the history of older laids nfthrrdel them. Without importing inlto thdr public life unnecessary feuds anl canlicts, they must be careful not to barter aur of their principles for the srake of a falsd and dishonourablu peace, or sur rclcer of their advantages and privileges for the sake of allaying the clanour of a cunnitg and aggressive priesthood. But while li-ing in the utmost harmony with their Rtlnun Catholie fellow citizens, and acknow.elging the claims of charity, they must nointrain a firm protoest againtist their pr'incip.les and practice, antl adhere to truth an I righteousness. lie would express the hope tint the noble hall which was to h? reared on that spot would long lift its head as a munimoent of the Protestant sentiment of the comnmunity, and that it would prove a ccattre of great and ever-increasing use fulness both in matters civil and religions. Ile trnusted that the Protestants would con tribute liberally towardo thi cost of its erection, anl gather around it as arotnd their standard. Let them determine to brace themselves up to the work, and carry it to ai rucceseful issue, so that it might he seen, by the manner of their prosecution of their task, flint they feared no failure. rhe fRer. II. B. Macartney, representa tive of the Church of England, said h,r ha, to expreas the profound regret of hIris father that Ihe was unavoidably absent. He thanked the memblers of the institu tion for having done him the honour of selecting hirm to address them as the repreo serntrtive of the Church of England, that grind old church that three centn;--cs ago stepped out from the Church of Rtotno, anl that carried in her bostn the foundlations of the other PIrotestiat sects of this day. The event they wore noow performing was at public rceognititon of the presence of the Church of Rionme. eIcr power was not known. It spread itself around, under the groundl, and there would be ai mighty growth of Romanism, in a generation or two. In other countries the Church of Iome hadt kept her children uneducated. IIer site had to educate them, but at the same timen she weas infusing into them the poison of a systemr tha.t might not hurt any of her oPltranents for stone time, hut that teas ready at a single moment to I-aarlk out into the flaime of bigotry annl will fanaticirm. At any imoment tlhe fire Inight brealk out here, anl set this colony in a blazre. Rome kept on to her systeni, and Protestants must theraefore educate their chihlroa, or some of thlrn might in the fitnre Ieta nuna or priests in the church of Rome. In order to el :etnally counteract the designs of the ia:aiih church, Pro tnstlants ought to he Christians. They must not only staltop Rome bIt ninst carry the battle to her gates. They must decre;ase her rpower by decreaaing the numtber of Rloman Ctatholics, arndI that was to be done bIy bringing to bear on thorn the light aof truth and the spirit of thie IHoVly Ghost. tIe woul be ten times as rloUd of that thahll if it nwa to Ie used as a mission centre for cvereting Itornan Catllholics, and he would lilt, to hear controversial se rrnons preached it it. They must study not to have any antipathy tao the Rotman Cathnolic mnln, wo imen, andl chilren whol were their fetllow colonists, but rmust cnloavour to take their -trligion bay thie throat, andl, if they could, place it unde·r tlheir feet. 