MYRNIONG. (FROM OURI OWN CORRESPONDENT.) A STRANGE story comes from Pyke's Creek, frog which it would appear that that locality is hon. oured (or otherwise, as the case may be) as th residence of a visitor from the world of spirits It appears, as the story goes, that some rabbit trappers, in pursuing their avocation in thatic, cality, had-in the, to them, most unaccountabl. manner-their traps sprung. and carefully laid or one side of the rabbit burrow. This had happend to them repeatedly, until at length, when setting their traps late one night, the spirit or gho0; or whatever else it might be, became so bold encouraged, no doubt, by former success-as to follow the trappers at a respectful distance, and spring trap after trap. The trappers listening to the " click, click," of their traps, thoughtit strange, but could not account for the vagaries Ic their traps until, after listening attentively ad gazing eagerly in the darkness, something all at once appeared to their vision resembling a human being dressed in white, minus the head. The young men at once saw through the mystery ci the springing of their traps, but did not wait to question his ghostshnp on the subject, nor did they finish the setting of their traps that night, but made tracks for their home at a pace somewhat quicker than usual, the ghost pursuing until reaching a stream of water-which it is said ghosts cannot cross-where they managed tO escape its clutches at the expense of nothing wore than a good ducking to one of themselves. Th young men have, I hear, left that locality, ano gone trapping elsewhere. Nothing has yet, so far as I have seen, appearel publicly as to the locality in which the Inter colonial ploughing match is to be held. I hais heard, and I believe it is pretty correct, that th' laud has been approved of, although at presen: rather dry, but should suflicient rain fall befor: the appointed time the match will be held on lant offered by the Messrs. Chirnside, at Werribee Part This, it will be at once apparent, is perhaps thi most central site that could be chosen in Victoria enabling the farmers of the Western and South western portions of the colony to meet those d the northern and north-eastern districts at a coo mon centre, and one also within an easy distance of this locality. The committee of the Nationa Society deserves the best thanks of the farming community for this wise choice, and it is to t. hoped in their choice of judges they may b equally fortunate in appointing gentlemen whos i3 consider the farmers' interest as superior to thi of the ploughmaker in awarding their decisions. 