IHovcliSt. GRIT. A Story of the past and present; of ordinary men and ordinary things, in ordinary language, lie sure thy sin will find thee out." It is a Ijeautiful Iwlief : •Tliat ever round our head Are hovering, on angel wings, The spirits of the dead. CHAPTER 1. BY DONALD CAMERON. author of " in thj; iroi.ns 01/ thk skiu>knt," " SIl.VKltWATKIt UKN11," i'.'l'C. It was a burning summer's day, on tin; great goldlield of Grit. The ami had risen in a clear cloudless* sky at dawn, blue a* the purest ultramarine; but,as tin; burning golden globe of tlie Kim ascended the heavens, becoming a leaden yet glaring dark purple, relieved with chrome, on the horizon—a chrome that encroached upon the purple an the day grew and tin; heat waxed fierce. From thin terrible netting the mum shone upon the earth with all the power of a giant burning glass, the world reflecting the heat witli a lierce resistance, tin; result of the struggle being Keen in the mirage which made it seem as if the air were in combustion. And the world ofiGrit, upon which tin; sun .shone that day, was of such a character as added fury to the heat, and made it like Nebuchadnezzar's furnace. (Standing upon the highest of the many hills of Grit, the eye took in an arid expanse of desert, wherein was not to be seen a green thing; nothing but yellow and red earth, and dingy bluish-grey gum trees:—or rather eucalypti scrub,—for the diggers had out down the older tree*. Everywhere the eye saw the holes sunk by the miners, and their accompanying tumuli of led, yellow, white, or gray earth. Far below the observer could be. seen thousands of tents on the Hat and hills—tents no doubt onee white, but now of the prevailing brick-red tone of color that made the heat and dazzle intolerable. It was a terrible day. So thought the innumerable tribes in the heat and dust of Gritty Flat, as they worked away, hauling up stuff from the shafts, or rocking the cradles by the muddy waterholes. It was agreed 011 Gritty Flat tliat such a day had not been experienced since the goldlield had been opened. But, as the same observation had been made every day during the past month, the remark could not carry much weight. Upon one thing, however, tin; diggers agreed that the only way to relieve the outer man was by pouring liquid into the inner—a belief well carried out, for all day there was a constant stream to the straggling .street of tents called the town. It was a long street; straight, geometrically speaking, but crooked to tin; extreme in its ways. There, on this fearful day, beer and brandy of very dubious quality were retailed fizzing hot—for tin; tents were famous heat conductor.-:, and the thermometer would have registered over 100 degress if jilaced in any of the liquids. Ited-hot barmen «tood in front of the wooden structures called liars, retailing brandy and perspiration at the suiwe time. Numerous customers who had imbibed these decoctions and been too earnest in their devotions to Bacchus, had fallen in the unequal strife; and the newcomers had to etep over their forms. What a sight was Gritty Gully that day. Thousands of tents glistened and blistered in the sun as if an army had encamped there to do battle with an enemy. And it was so. The army of Mammon had sought this once quiet spot, and put to rout the sylvan gods tliat abode there in peace for myriads of years- Henceforward it was to be a busy haunt of tiui great race, which seems destined to fill the world : the Anglo-Saxon—the race that fears neither climate, disease, nor death. Ev«n now the institutions of the great Mother-land were in full force. Where the carcase is there will the eagles be gathered together. Where Englishmen are there will lie whiskey and public meetings. At the time we enter upon the scene tin; public square was filled with thousands of diggers who were Sliding a meeting about their rights in defiance of the blazing sun. On a barrel—kept an il« place by a couple of stalwart miners—a furious demagogue was holding forth on the fights of Britons who never would lie slaves .except to the drink fiend; who would have this, that, and the other thing if their blood were to flow around them—but a flow of whiskey was the more likely event. Every JUJW ami then the demagogue's admirers would Jifiiid him a large black bottle from which he inspiration, and returned to his task of vilifying his commission amidst the cheers of the crowd that exclaimed, as with one voice, " Fine fellmv, Bunakum. He takes his liquor like a man." " Fellow countrymen !" shouted the demagogue—his face as liery as the sun above his head. " Are you to be slaves, to work in this gully to fe.ed such a vampire as that ?" —shaking his huge red list at the opposite 2iiii known as the cam]), where the goldfields* rfiomtMttisioner was supposed to be resting in the lap of luxury under a double-roofed tent. ** Will you toil until blood oozes from your lingers, that he may enjoy the fat of the land, and drink his wine, and smoke his cigasr— the best Havanas—at your expense? Never !" " Hooray !" came from a thousand throats. At this particular stage several in the crowd ln*auu; irritated, when thinking of their wrongs ; and, by way of providing a safetyvalve for tlieji' feelings, slashed into the per- sons who did not cheer, which was presumptive evidence that they were in league with the tyrants; and a few hundreds were hard at fisticuffs, hitting ajvay at random, and for the love of the thing. These ructions were glorious, and the diggers thoroughly enjoyed them. " Fellow countrymen !" cried Bunakum, whose pronunciation was now becoming thick, " As that glorious sun shines resplendent,— [' Hooray,' shouted those not engaged iii the combat, delighted at the use of such a big phrase] —in the heavens above, supreme, so shall your rights be vindicated; and you shall triumph over this fell and cruel tyrant. Another drop, Bill." The last words were addressed to one of his supporters, who at once complied by handing him the bottle. Bunakum took a powerful draught, and then, gazing over the crowd, attempted to speak, but utterly failed. He gave another idiotic look, and then fell back into the arms of his friends, who bore liim away to the nearest shanty, amid the commiseration of all. " It was too much for his feelings," was the general expression—of course the liquor could have had nothing to do with it. He had fallen in a noble cause. The platform was now mounted by a rather younger man. He was tall, and although strong, of somewhat ungainly make. His face, red iiair, and beard, marked him as Scotch, or of Scotch descent. His countenance bore a strange mingling of the sensual and the intellectual; in the mouth and jaw the former predominated, and in the brow the latter. The features were hard and unprepossessing except when he pleased and then there was a great fascination in his face. A frown, liowevever, was the general expression, and the face conveyed the idea of great dissatisfaction with himself and the whole world. His was the face of a man who had great expectations, and liad found them vanish like the visions of a happy night. No wonder that he was not over popular with the diggers. " Hector Machines is going to spout!" cried the diggers. " He's not much account! Too dry." " He doesn't take much grog," said an individual, well advanced towards that happy stage, " that 'counts for it." This was accepted by all as a good and sufficient reason for Hector's dryness. Hector spoke in a very different style to that of Bunakum. He put the matter in dispute very clearly, and sought to point out tin; best way of settling it, eschewing all appeals to the passions, lighting for their rights, repeating the Eureka Stocluide episode, Ac., His reniarlis were coldly listened to by the crowd, although he was recognised as "one of us." Hector had spoken about fifteen minutes when u woman elbowed her way towards the barrel. She had once been beautiful. The traces of a line skin and pleasing features were still visible; but an irregular life under tin? sun of Victoria made her not altogether sufficiently presentable in a drawing room. Hhe too was evidently suffering from the general complaint. " Come home. Hector," she said mildly. " What are you doing, blathering here when you ought to be at work? Come now, none of your nonsense and blatlierskiting. Get off that and come home with me, or things will be worse for you." Hwtor Machines blushed scarlet. A terrible scowl clouded his face. " Go home, Janet," he said, " I'll follow." " Nonsense, cried the woman, " I won't. You'll have ti) come. That's /Jut. For, if I leave you here you'll go 011 talking till all's blue; and I may sit at home till I grow a fixture before you come. I won't move till you come with me." H.<ictor Machines shut his teeth, and, glaring at the woman as if he could have killed her, jumped off the platform and walked away with her, amid the deafening jeers and laughter of the assembled crowd that vastly enjoyed the scene. " There'll be a row at their tent to-night, I bet," cried one. " She is a Tartar ! And he's got a devil of a temper. You can see it in his face." " It is a shame for a man like him to he disgraced by that woman," said a young fellow. " Disgraced !" cried an Irishwoman, with a face like a full moon. " Hhure and didn't she kape him from shtarving? None iv your disgrace, my flash fellow." " He'll be the death of her yet," said a man in the crowd. " It's only last week he was up at the court for beating her next to death's door." Such were the scenes of the early digging times. Home may cavil with us for reproducing them ; but it is false philosophy to be eternally whitening the sepulchre. It is a necessity for the development of this story that we should depict such scenes. It is a necessity if we are to be true historians of the past and the present—the one growing out of the other. We have to take the world as we lind it, not as we would wish it were. CHAPTER II. At the time this scene was taking place on Gritty Flat, Janet's only son was taking his siesta, and enjoying the </o/<v for itieiilf on one of the amphitheatrical hills that looked down upon the valley of Grit, under the thin shade of an nged eucalypti which had escaped the ravages of the diggers because it grew on the summit, and was left as a landmark— hence the eminence was called One Tree Hill. He was a rather picturesque lad, just emerging from early boyhood, hilt yet some removes from a man. To dress he made no particular pretence, and had 110 right to. An old Cali fornian hat, fully entitled to be called a ventilator, covered his head, or rather the back of it, for it was the fashion of these times to wear the hat on the back of the head. His clothes were of a most miscellaneous description. The coat was many sizes too small, the trousers large enough for a Dutchman, and the whole covered with yellow clay. His was rather a handsome face, as far as could be judged through the dust that adhered to it. The features were, perhaps, a trifle saucy and bold ; but the pleasant good humor pervading them, the roguish twinkle of the eyes, and the swwt smile upon his lips made him a loveable lad—one 110 person could dislike. Easy goodnature seemed his characteristic. There was an easy, devil-may-care, happy-go-lucky look about him that told mightily in his favor His form, too, attracted attention. What is pleasanter than to gaze on the. human figure, when it has be^/un to develop and fill out into the rounded outlines of youth ? And Jack's limbs were beginning to fill out; and well formed they were, though no ingenious tailor had helped to display them. O11 the whole, however, rough though his appearance, no girl budding into womanhood could have passed him without easting upon him an ap proving glance, were she possessed of any taste at ail. There was also another fact apparent when one looked at Jack: he was very lazy. The very pose of his limbs demonstrated that." He ought, by rights, to have been pegging away witli a pick in one of the innumerable bur rows 011 the hideous flat beneath him. But what was the good of work on such a hot day as this ? Was it not better to sit here under under the shade of a great tree, in a dry land, than to perspire away down there? Jack didn't care much about gold. If he got his meals and a shilling or two to spend on the trifles so dear to boyhood he was hapy. It would lie time enough to work when he grew big. He had to grow, he argued, and hard work didn't agree with .growing boys. Yet he felt some little compunction for being so idle. He knew his mother, Janet— Mrs. Meldon, otherwise Mrs. Macinnis, alas! was slaving away at the wash-tub to keep the pot boiling. The young fellow's heart was touched when he thought of that, and he almost raised himself from his comfortable pos6. Wiser counsels prevailed, however, and arguing tliat when the cold weather came he would get a horse and make a pile, he fell comfortably to sleep. It was very pleasant. Even the jnosquitos hud gone to sleep. Why should he not rest while these tormentors were torpid ? So he slept the happy sleep of boyhood. CHAPTER III. Some years before our story opens the great goldlield of Grit was undiscovered. The muddy stream that was now dammed up in yellow waterlioles, at that time flowed gently over its sandstone bed—that is in winter. The wattle and the gum -trees grew luxuriantly around; the herbage clothed the banks, while innumerable flowers covered the meadows or crimsoned the sterile ranges. The sun rose and the sun set on the same scene day after day. A little above where the township of Grit rose now, a simple hut had been built by the squatter who leased the block of country ; and there he placed a man who was known by the name of Bunakum, because he had a flux of words, but his real name was Meldon. With Bunakum had come his wife, a pleasant, good creature, who acted as housekeeper, and who was then, of all women, the mildest and the sweetest. With her was the boy Jack, Bunakum's son, a little younger than when we made his acquaintance, but in character the same. Bunacum herded a flock on the south side of Gritty Gully, Jack a flock on the north side. Jack's run was the best; there were a few plains upon it, and the clingos were hiss plentiful, for these astute animals preferred Bunakum's run, where there were wooded ranges, caverns, and places of concealment, from whence they could issue and attack the flock. To Jack was also given a flock of wethers, easy-going creatures like himself. But to Bunakum was accorded a flock of querulous, il-tempercd ewes, which were never satisfied with their feed, but ran hither and thither, and separated into little foraging bands; thus presenting an opportunity for the enemy to attack. Jack, therefore, had a glorious life, especially as he happened to get a dog which perfectly understood hi. master's ways. He had picked him up in this way : Coming across a dray that had come up from Melbourne, he found the bullock-driver about to drown a litter of pups, to which his slut hud given birth while lie was in camp. Jack was struck with the appearance of a little black and white puppy, und asked the bullock-driver to give it him. This pup in; reared up with all the fondness a poor lonely little boy must fe^l for a dog or any other animal that is his own ; and Spot fully repaid liis master. Spot could do everything but speak, and even that he attempted. He knew what Jack wanted without being told. If Jack went to sleep, often the case, Spot watched the flock und kept them close to tin; place where Jack lay—occupying his time in running backward and forward. Even the starting of a kangaroo-rat, enticing though it was, would not move Spot to forsake his charge. Several of the dingo ladies, having sinister intentions towards the pet wetliers, tried their blandishments on Spot. But In; was proof against all. He was a faithful fellow, and loved only one creature in the world—his master. Jack had several pets: a magpie, which was preternaturally acute, and a kangaroo rat which regularly amused hTin in the evening as it washed its whiskers; but Spot was the favorite. What is 'more touching than the perfeet love of a dog ? The man who does not f<-el his heart warm towards his dog cannot be good. When friends and loved ones forsake when fortune vanishes, there is still one creature that will be faithful, that will follow though you have nothing to give, that will watch faithfully over your de-ad corpse; and that creature is your dog. Away from home, with Spot, the sheep, and nature, Jack was always happy. Wandering amongst the vales and hills, studying the flowers, wondering about their mysteries, or sleeping in the shade of the trees, his was a life of quiet content that knew 110 cloud. True, it was a life that made one very lazy, but then it was very happy. Only when he came home did the shadows fall upon him. There he was sure to find a bad-tempered father, who continually complained of being shut up in the wilderness, whereas his proper place was the big city, tin; senate, the bar. Why had he ever married ? if it were not for Janet and this boy he would now be a distinguished man. Over and over Jack was told in the presence of his mother that she was ignorant and low; whereas the father, had the greatest of minds, which had been condemned to obscurity by the conjunction. Poor woman, she bore all this very well, and did her best to make the little hut pleasant She boiled the salt junk well, baked excellent damper, tidied 14) the few things, and even attempted a little garden to " kitchen " to the salt b<;ef. But the soul of Bunakum was not to be comforted. He felt it a duty to sacrifice some one to his lost fame, and Janet was the victim. At times, indeed, the poor creature was aroused, and then followed scenes that disturbed the happy current of Jack's life. When the battle between them began, Jack would run out, call Spot, and dart away into the thick woods to hunt 'possums. It was an evil night for these little fellows when Janet and Bunacum quarrelled. There was one mode, however, of pacifying Bunakum, and Janet often adopted it. She was sometimes able to sell a few cabbages and eggs, at a good figure, to the bullock drivers who went up and down the road, if the dusty track eould be so called ; and, with the few shillings so obtained she would buy a bottle rum. When Bunakum came home in the evening, with a disposition to fight everything, from Janet to the gum trees, she would produce this peace-olfering, and the face of Bunakum softened into lines of peace—he would even kiss her and caress Jack. Then would he, the mighty man, sit down at the table, and indulge in libation after libation, telling, at the same time, stories of what he had done and what he had not done—the latter predominating—and entering into speculations as to what he would have done had he tin; opportunity. He would insist on Janet and Jack partaking, and so he laid the foundation of the evil which came thereafter. As the hut was not far off the road, strangers sometimes called, and were very welcome, for, in a lone spot like this a new face was Paradise. Bunakum then would be in his element, and he would often s$nd Janet off to shepherd the flock, so that he might have his fill of the news of the day, and discuss politics to his heart'scontent. If the stranger had a flask of spirits—and everyone carried one in those days—so jnuch the better. One day a stranger came—a young man No one was at home but Janet, He stayed all day, and the two conversed long together. That young man was Hector Macinnis, He had come to Melbourne some time before from Scotland, and hail been pitied by the proprietors of one of the papers in that then very small metropolis, who had sent him on & tour to report on the various districts. How kind Janet was to him; how her tenderness won upon this young man who had not met witli a feeling heart since he came to the province—for Victoria was not a colony then. And that day he began that fatal love that wrought such fatal consequences. Hector had a flask of brandy; and so he was received with open arms by Bunakum. He was good to Jack, who listened awestricken to the superior conversation of this man. But he was a politician, and that was balm to Bunakum. Long after Jack and his mother had retired, the two sat up discussing matters, and draining the flask. He stayed several days there. Poor Janet! Little she knew the dangerous serpent that was wreathing itself around her heart while this stranger conversed alone with her, when Jack and Bunakum had departed to herd their flocks in the silent bufjh. When he went there was a void in their hearts. Janet was greatly troubled. This man had mude an impression which sunk deeper and deeper into her soul until it bore fruit of sin and sorrow. How the poor thing loved her son! How, when Bunakum had vented all the arrows of his scorpion temper upon her, she would fold the boy to her heart, and, weeping liberally, would tell liini that he was her only hope, her sole comfort. And so time went 011. Bunakum and Jack wandered day after day over the expanse of Grit, never thinking of the millions and millions in gold, that lay beneath their feet. They saw the huge quartz masses that rose up from the hills, never dreaming of the untold wealth they concealed. Jack even played in the gully after the rains had been heavy, and saw glittering yellow specs lying there, but never heeded them. Poor boy ! he had never seen gold. And he would have been happier if it had been his lot not to see it. But a change speedily came. Gold was found at Bathurst, at Ballarat; and wild reports of the new El Dorados came even to this sequestered spot. Bunakum talked of giving up shepherding, and seeking his fortune ; but, having no money, his resolves came, to nothing. About seven miles away from Bunakum's hut there was that of another shepherd, Bill White. Bill had a wife and daughter—a little girl, who, though only a child, had to herd a llock of sheep. Jack first made her acquaintance one hot day, when their sheep got boxed—the technical term for the flocks mixing together. Jack had been asleep and so had Bertha, and the sheep, seeing one another, had run together, notwithstanding all the efforts of Spot, who barked and ran about like a demented dog. Lassy, Bertha's dog, had also trier! to keep her sheep back; but, failing in this, she sought a quarrel with Spot, that creature being, in her mind, responsible for all the damage. Spot, however, took little notice of Lassy, but ran off to his master, whom he soon awoke. Jack's first idea was to find the shepherd of the other flock, and give him a thrashing—that is, if lie were able. When he came, however, upon little Bertha, crying as if inconsolable, with Lassy sitting 011 her hind legs, and setting up an unearthly howl, all his anger vanished. "Oh! 1 shall be beat to death," cried Bertha. " Father and mother will kill me." " Don't be frightened, little girl," said Jack, hopefully ; " we'll draft them." Jack had used the words little girl, advisedly. He looked upon himself as a man. Even in her sorrow, Bertha objected to be called a little girl, especially as her monitor was not such a giant himself. However, she was grateful for his kind words, and went to help him. The flocks were hopelessly mixed,however, and were baaing away in a style that beat Babel, the sheep running hither and thither to find their companions. Here and there boxing matches were going on between opposing squadrons. Jack, forming a platoon of his flock by themselves, separated them from the r«ist, and got Bertha ami the dogs to stand between ; so that gradually the shoep began to s«;k their mates. But it was very hot work ; and at one time Jack entertained little hopes of effectually separating, the two flocks. He was running about after fugitives, perspiring a river, when a loud voice shouted, " Holloa, what's this?" Jack turned, and beheld three men, and a boy about his own age, carrying swags. They had also things that he had never seen before -tin dishes and picks. "Our flocks got boxed," said Jack, simply. " Oh!" said one of the strangers, an embrowned, handsome youth. I 'spect you two were courting, and let your flocks get mixed up. However, what do you say if we give these children some help, and get them out of a scrape. Depend upon it, they'll gut into hot-water if they go home with their sheep boxed; at all events, they'll get their ears boxed." " And so they ought," said the boy; a lanky, thin-faced fellow, who certainly did not seem the most amiable of mortals. *' Shut up, Obadiah," said the young man. "Come 011, boys, let's help them." And with the help of the new auxilaries, the two flocks were soon separated, which was the easier because one was wethers, the other ewes. Jack got his flock in order, and, getting them near a large fallen tree, he made them p.lss before him and counted them. The number was right—(>50. Jack thanked the men, particularly the good-natured youth who had first suggested help. As for the boy, Obadiah, he had stood by tormenting Bertha, and telling her that if she had been a good girl this would not have occurred. Jack felt a strong inclination to punch his head. After this was over, the young man who had assisted Jack began to question him about the country, and asked if he had seen any gold hereabouts. To this Jack replied that he had heard of gold, but had never seen it. The young fellow drew a shining sovereign out of his pocket, and showed it to Jack and Bertha. " Why, I've seen some sand in the creek like that," said Bertha; who, dressed ill a little print frock, with an unearthly looking hood, made of white calico, with cord run through to stiffen it, stood by, quite a little guy in the visitors' eyes. " So have I," said Jack. " Whereabouts V" exclaimed the party, now all interest. Jack thought it only right to show these good strangers the place; and, telling Spot to " hool 'em up," that sagacious canine individual drove the flock down to the river, where Jack showed the men a little hole where the water flowed over the sandstone rock. The young man look a shovelful of the drift, and carefully washed it in the tin dish, while all stood by watching. A few minutes, and about half an ounce of beautiful yellow sand, as Bertha called it, lay at the bottom of the dish, set off by some black stuff—emery, people named it then ; but it was black sand, the ore of tin—perhaps iridium. They held their breath. "Found 1" said the young man, drawing a deep sigh. " Emily, Emily, we shall be happy!" " We'll pitch our tent at once, and mark out a claim," said the elder of the party, Obadiah's father. " As for you, children, you had better go and mind your floclcs, or they'll get boxed again." "Where do you live?" asked the young man. " Up the creek a bit," said Jack. " Well, good-bye, my boy," said the young fellow, very kindly, and shook Jack's hand. " I wont forget you. 4 ' And Bertha and Jack went back to the hills, wondering in their simple minds as to what the men were about. Bertha hinted some strange things; but Jack set her down as ignorant, and gave his word that the men were digging. He had heard of it before, he said, and he knew something, while Bertha knew nothing. A pleasant evening they spent, sitting under the shade of the tree under which we left Jack sleeping, while the flocks fed at a safe distance from each other, kept in order by Spot and Lassy, who, however, found time to interchange compliments—canine fashion. Bertha thought Jack such a nice boy, and Jack thought Bertha a pretty little girl. Innocence so soon to pass away. That day week, a great change came over Grit. Although William Brown (such was the "name of the young man who separated Jack's and Bertha's floclcs) and his mates had tried to keep the discovery quiet, the news spread like wildfire. Many of the other goldflelds then discovered were overstocked, and the moment the new rush was the cry, there came from the east and from the west, from the south and from the north, thousands and thousands to try their fortunes. The rich yields of the first claims spread the news over the whole of Australia. Ship after ship was coming to the shores of Victoria, and their passengers rushed like madmen to Grit. Shepherds let their flocks wander unlierded, a prey to the dingo; squatters sprang into the saddle and galloped away from their homesteads; farmers threw aside their ploughs; carpenters discarded the chisel, and, with eager desire, all made for the new Eldorado. The roads were crowded with wayfarers. Not a sun rose but it beheld a new array of tents. No magician ever created so sudden a change. The 'possums, the kangaroos, and the blaclcfellows fled before the tide; the flowers and the grass died away; the trees began to vanish like mist; the little stream changed from blue to a dirty yellow. In less than a month one hundred thousand human beings were congregated on Gritty Flat; and, where the blackfellow had held his corroboree by the lights of blazing fires, European civilisation was to lie seen. Talk of magicians of old ! they are fools to that great magician—gold. It could not be expected that Bunakum and White would resist all this. They were amongst the first to throw up their situations and rush to the field. In less than a fortnight Jack and Bertha exchanged their quiet huts to tents 011 Gritty Flat, their flocks for the mining cradle. Both were scared at first at the sudden change, which it took some time for their intellects to comprehend. Lassy and Spot, also, were quite bewildered for a time, and much troubled in their simple minds about the innumerable number of curs the new people had brought with them; but they, too, soon became accustomed to the great change. In three months, the quiet pastoral scene we have pictured ceased to be, and one who had seen Gritty Flat then would never have known it now. But this was not the only change. CHAPTER IV. It would have been an easy matter for Bunakum to make his fortune now. Before him Jay many an unturned acre of nature's domain, beneath which the glittering ore lay waiting to be unearthed. But Bunakum preferred to let it rest there, or to allow others to release it. Noble soul! why should he be condemned to grub in the bowels of the earth, when his mind soared so far above the grovelling natures that surronnded him? These earth-grubbers had 110 brains, and they should esteem it an honor to support a man of mind. Therefore, so long as enthusiastic diggers bowed down at his eloquence, liberally shouted for him, and lent half-sovereigns occasionally, why should he swelter in the sunbeams, embrown his face, and harden his hands? Perish the thought! He was made to command, not to work. So he b<ieame a loafer and agitator, and a mighty man of words. In these times, a public meeting was one of the principal amusements of the diggers; and this amusement Bunakum was ever ready to provide. Did a man lose his claim, or did he think himself in any wise aggrieved, he went straight to Bunakum, and instanter the Bellman was sent round, and an indignation meeting held ; whereat, mounted on a stump or barrel, Bunakum poured forth a torrent of language which neither himself nor his hearers clearly understood, and which was, therefore, looked upon as a masterly effort of elocution. The diggers wanted a spouter, as they had neither time nor ability in that line, and in Bunakum, they had the right man. A great public orator must have an enemy, therefore Bunakum conjured one up in the Commissioner, a haughty'oflicial, who was ever made the beginning and the end of his attacks. In glowing language would Bunakum depict the luxurious life that fell tyrant led, while others were slaving away their lives to keep in state a despot. Of course, Bunkum never thought of himself, except as a horny-handed son of toil. To judge by his speeches, he was the hardest working man on the diggings—a perfect slave. Janet found that unless she adopted some means of support, herself and her son would starve in this golden gully, for Bunakum never brought any money home. Indeed he very seldom visited the little tent, so- called, unless he was " stumped." He was a confirmed diner out, generally managing to make a call, on political business, at some tent which he knew to be well provided, giving in exchange for his meal some homily on patriotism, working his entertainers up to agony point at the close, about that " damned despot," who, Bunakum assured his hearers, was thirsting for his blood. " Men of Grit," he would say, " if you lind my body at the bottom of a shaft one day, pierced witli bullets, bury me; I beg of you to bury me beneath the Camp Hill (the cemetery had been fixed there), that my grave may ever be a reproach to my murderer—that it may remind you, noble miners of Grit, of the earnest man, who did so much for your cause." Then he would begin to shed tears, and would not be consoled until the brandy bottle was brought forth. Janet at first tried to earn a little by cradling the tailings, with Jack's assistance; but, finding the sun affected her head, she turned to the inevitable resource of lovely woman, the washtub. Washing was high, and soon, by means of her tub, she managed to live pretty comfortably; in consequence of which, Bunakum stayed at home for dinner oftener. But Janet could not explain how it was that she had begun to almost hate her husband. She was a simple-hearted creature, this woman, and she strove to keep down her dislike, because she thought it her duty. Still it grew and grew, and was added to by every insult; and they were many which Bunakum heaped upon her. She could not keep down the thought that this man was a mean, low, dirty loafer, and so she grew to hate him. There was only one aspect iu which she would tolerate hiui—as the father of her dear, dear Jack. " Mother," Jack would say, as they sat at the tent door of an evening, watching the moon rise in all her glory over the hills of (frit, " I'll work for you as soon as I'm strong; and you'll not have to slave at the washtub on these terribly hot days." And mother and son would kiss and caress. All! that was the happiest time for them. A mother's lovel Unsearchable, unfathomable—like unto nothing, except the love of God. A son's love for his mother! The most beautiful and holy love in this world, except the love of a mother for her son. Free from all impurity, from all selfishness that clogs other affections; these resemble the love of the Almighty Father, who sent His only Son to die for us. Bertha and Jack saw each other very often now; indeed, they were playfellows every day. Both of them felt a void in their existence. They had nothing to do. After all, it was a pleasure for them to herd the sheep. It was fine to open the hurdles in the morning, call the dog, and follow the sheep out over the grassy, wooded hills, where the wild flowers grew, the birds sang, the cicadas tereed, tereed, and the winds whispered mysteriously through the branches of the gum trees, where adventures with lizards, and snakes, and 'possums, with the occasional discovery of a wild bees' nest, broke the monotony. Then the effect of the abrupt change from a quiet life to this great bustle, made the children for a while shrink into themselves, and feel utterly at a loss. As for Spot and Larry, a deep melancholy fell upon them. Spot spent fully a month trying to comprehend how he could live without herding sheep, and then gave it up. Jie had nothing to do except fight with the innumerable strange curs that found their way to Grit every day; and that in time grew monotonous. Indeed, he became a sad dog; he felt as if he were-not wanted, as if he had no business in this world. The only times his face lighted up with a canine smile was when a flock of sheep was driven past the gully, when he would erect his tail, and give emission to a few joyful barks, eying his master anxiously for the words of command— " Holl 'em," " llound 'em up, boy," Ac., and then, when they had passed without these words being uttenid, he would fall into his old moping ways. When Jack at last went to work, for, young as he was, he did not want to live upon his mother, Spot would lie at the mouth of the hole, and reflect on his own utter uselessness. Lassy had many compunctions on the point at first, but, making several acquaintances at the buteher's shop, she gradually grew accustomed to the new order of things, especially as she used to wander about with her mistress, who found a pretence for seeking the quietude of the bush, in herding two rather acute goats her father kept, animaLs which Lassy plainly despised. A few months after the goldlield of Grit was discovered, Hector Macinnis again appeared upon the scene. He had a very pleasant smile—when he liked to smile, which was seldom. He was not ill-made, and there was a peculiar way about him, that to some had an irresistible charm. Now, Janet was not much above Hector's own age, and she was very handsome then; she had 110 company when Jack was away, except the tubs and the flat irons—good things in their way, but apt to become dull. Our-Lord, who so thoroughly understood the weak points of our nature, put into His universal prayer the sentence," Lead us not into temptation," and since His advent, the wonderful wisdom of that petition has been continually demonstrated, although human moths will still try the feat of flying around the flame. This was what Hector and Janet were doing. It was rather an undesirable experiment. Somehow Janet began to feel very dull when Hector was absent, and people found her to bo very cross then. She was never in better temper than when she had put by her work, tidied herself up, lit the lamp in the little "parlor" of the tent, which was quite a model of neatness, having a sofa and chairs covered with chintz—a great novelty on the diggings—set the tea table, and made everything snug for the night. Hector and Jack would then come home, and they would have tea; and how pleasant would be the chat, how delightfully the evening would pass away; Hector reading or writing, and Janet ironing or mending the clothes of her unsophisticated customers. Of course, Jack went out after tea,* 'possumhunting, or playing with other boys or Bertha. It was strange, how pleased Janet would be when Hector would look up, and give her that smile which was so peculiarly his, and give up reading for a while to converse with her. As for Bunakum, he was always away drinlung and speechifying. Janet never thought of mentioning money matters; she was getting along pretty well, and after all, no doubt, Hector would pay her back when matters went better with him. If this pleasant intercourse were at all marred or clouded, it was by the conclusion which occasionally forced itself on her mind, that Hector was vastly superior to her; that he was better educated, and had moved in (to her) good society; while she, poor girl, liad never been in a better furnished room than her own little parlor. But then, why banish the gleam of sunshine ? She was happy, in his society, that was all, and no more would come of it. All! trust not the human heart, so desperately treacherous. How did it come about at last? What need to tell ? It was the slow, steady work of days, and weeks, and months—the ripple, ripple of the water undermining the roots of the great oak. Neither were to blame, except in not flying from each other when they felt the first tightening of the cliain that was to drag them to perdition. Her mind gradually lost its balance, and liking, friendship, was followed by deep, passionate, irresistible, overwhelming love. She fell a willing sacrifice. He did not love her, at least in the mad way in which she loved liim; but who, at his age, can resist temptation when he sees he has brought to his feet a lovely woman ? Yet, it must be confessed, he felt qualms, strong qualms. He felt, he knew, that this must end in something dreadful, that he would have to thrust this loving woman away from him into outer darkness ; that by this act he would be degrading himself, and that it would be a filigma on his name for ever—that name which lie intended to be so brilliant, Butloveandbeauty were before him. Youthful passions were strong, and—why write the rest? It is an old, old story. We pass over the guilty life of the pair for some time afterwards. During the greatest part of that time the mighty Hector was supported by Janet. Only latterly had he been again engaged by the newspaper. Still that man had, almost immediately after his fall, began to feel disgust, not only at Janet, but at himself. How his proud spirit gnawed his heart as he took; day by day, the bread necessary to his sustenance from the hands of her he had so wronged. Success liad resolved liim to break the ties that bound him to this woman. He hated her more and more every day, and this she was not long in noticing. Women are very quick in this ; they soon find whether the fire of love burns or lias died out to cold ashes. Now, there had recently, in compliance with the increasing civilization of Grit, been established a very well got up hotel at a bustling corner; and, over the destinies of the neatly-furnished bar, there presided a lady newly arrived from the " Land o' the Leal," by name, Miss Prudence Macruath. Her charms were a trifle heightened by the adventitious aid of art; and she had come to Gritty Gully to make her fortune in the matrimonial market. She was resolved not only to please her eye but also her pocket; and, although a handsome young man, well to do, would be the acme of perfection in her own opinion, yet she would not be averse to an old or ugly man if he nad the solid requirements that made up for such disadvantages. Fortunately, however, she very early set her eyes upon Hector, and at once made up her mind that if Heaven had created a man to suit her, he was that man. Having settled this satisfactorily in her own mind, she at once began such an attack upon liim, giving him the preference over numberless admirers, that he felt flattered at first, and finally bowed down to the beauty, and gave himself up as her slave. The love that he ought to have felt for poor Janet, who had sacrificed all to him, was given to this vain woman, who, in giving him the preference, merely gratified herself. Unfortunate Janet! Quickly did she discover that she had lost all for which she had perilled her welfare here and hereafter. That he, for whom she had done so much, had ceased to love her—nay, hated her. She saw it in his looks, in his answers to her caresses, and then the woman fell lower and lower, and became what we found her at the opening. Reader, remember that we are writing of real life, of everyday mortals, and bear with us if it seem to you that we have wandered out of our domain. It will be ^asked, " What had become of Bunakum all this time?". 8?: Well, that worthy found in the infidelity of liis wife a new cause for sympathy; a new claim on the contributions of the miners. When he was turned out of Janet's house— how she loathed the man—he at once sought his friends at the bar, and shed copious floods of tears, which tlie diggers hastened to assuage with draughts of alcohol. He beseeclied them to bury him at once, as liis honor could not stand this last insult, which he felt convinced had been brought about by the commissioner, whose friend he knew Hector to be. He clutched a brandy bottle, wildly, and cried out for a sword that he might stab to the heart this serpent which lie nurtured in his bosom, only to turn and sting him. Had not this man lived upon him? liad he not been kept from starvation by him (Bunakum)? Was there justice in this land ? No ! the despot of the camp decreed that liberty should be bound in chains, and wrong triumph over right. He hated him (Bunakum), and this was his revenge. But they, the noble-hearted miners of Grit, would see him righted ; they would lay him in his grave, and then destroy the monster who had killed him. To all this the diggers listened, the more ignorant sympathising, the intelligent highly entertained. Indeed, all of them enjoyed the thing amazingly. It was the talk of Grit for days, although such affairs were nothing unusual then. The capital Bunakum made out of this, the half-sovereigns and sovereigns he collected, the innumerable cheap drinks he obtained, and the general sympathy fully made up for all. Indeed, so well did he thrive upon it, and so accommodating was his disposition, that, ere long, he became quite reconciled to Hector, and, as we have seen, had spoken at the same meeting with him. Jack had been brought up in such a poor way that he was not able to understand the full meaning of what had occurred. He did dislike Hector, and he certainly had very little filial feeling, so the affair passed off amicably enough with him. He didn't see much difference. But latterly he had noticed, young as he was, that a great sorrow troubled his mother. It pained him to see that, in a very short space of time, she had gone astray, and from a steady, industrious woman, had become fond of drink. Then, from time to time, Hector and Janet quarrelled. Jack did not think so much of this, he was accustomed to it; but he did resolve never to marry, as he came to the conclusion that every husband and wife lived a life of internecine warfare. Bertha was a good girl, and Jack liked her, but he felt pretty sure if, when they grew big, he married her, everything would be changed. Yet, ignorant as Jack was, he was greatly troubled about his mother. He felt so sorry to see her sinking to the level of so many other women 011 the diggings. Poor fellow! He knew nothing of the deep despair that had changed her. CHAPTER V. The low rumbling of distant thunder woke Jack from the pleasant sleep in which he had indulged. He rose and rubbed his eyes. How -greatly had the scene changed since he had gone to sleep in the afternoon. From the east a small cloud had arisen, fleecy white. It rose a little above the horizon, and there remained like a snowy fleece of wool rolled up. Then gradually others like unto it rose from mysterious depths, until the whole eastern horizon was covered with them. Still the sun shot its torrid beams on to the earth, still the dazzling mirage, as it is called, rose up like a quivering colorless flame from the earth. But in the west, in the north, and in the south, clouds began to rise like the ghosts of Banquo and his followers. Not white, downy clouds, such as had arisen in the east, but dark, portentous vapors, fringed, it ;is true, with silver. With a slow, steady motion they began to ascend, throwing out streamers that soon threw themselues across the face of the heavens, and, ere long, veiled the face of the sun. Men blessed them, and felt their strength renewed. But darker and blacker grew the clouds as the sun became more and more shaded, until at last a large blue cloud shut him out altogether. The sky then assumed a wild phautasmagorial appearance. The blue clouds faded into inky black, and here and there white scud, like the phantoms in " Der Frieschutz," sailed past on the intensely black back-ground. A distant muttering was heard, which momentarily grew louder. People said a great storm was coming, and agreed that it was badly wanted. Preparations were made in Gritty Gully to meet the rush of water that would hurry down, and long toms, sluices, and tools were taken out of the creek, and shafts were carefully blocked around with earth. Jack's soul responded to the grandeur of that terrible sky. The flash of the sheet lightning in the distance, the roll of the thunder, the slow gathering of the clouds as of an army to battle, darkening the atmosphere with a strange gloom, the great signs of an approaching elemental tragedy, the peculiar sound of the wind—all stirred in his soul thoughts and ideas that he could not wreak upon expression. His meditations were broken by a loud cry, as of a girl in distress. Rising hastily, he took a few steps down the hill, and presently saw the cause. Little Bertha was struggling with a boy, whom Jack soon recognised as Obadiah. Lassy stood by in a very distressed frame of mind, watching two goats, which were also somewhat nonplussed. A quick run brought Jack to the spot in a moment. "What's this? he cried, angrily, eyeing Obadiah, who stood glaring at him, an ugly scowl prevading his face. " What is it ?" said Obadiah," What's that to you ? Bertha and I have been quarrelling." " Oh, Jack," cried Bertha, clinging to him, " I'm so glad you've come. He frightened me to death." Her face, in which terror had been vividly depicted when Jack arrived, began to wear a joyful look. " What nonsense," cried Obadiah, sulkily, although from his uneasy movements, it was easy to see he would have preferred to be 11 few miles off. " I only tried to kiss her, and the little fool began to cry." Jack's blood began to boil, and his face became-red as crimson. " You sneak," he cried, going up to Obadiah, " how dare you frighten the little girl ? Who allowed you to kiss her?" " I did myself," said Obadiah, jauntily. (To he continued.) " She stoops to conquer." Can this refer to the fond mother who be:ids over her T'"J inniTmj* with a number-live slipper ? * 