OUR CALIFORNIAN LETTER. [From our own Correspondent.] San Francisco, October 22, 1882. It is difficult, in the present political tur-<*> moil, and in which your readers take no interest, to find material for a satisfactory letter by this mail. With local politics ram- pant and business couchant, it were proper to apologise, perhaps, for a somewhat miscella neous and discursive effort; nevertheless, what follows is as fair a review of matters and things here at present,' outside of politics, as can well be made. It is Eoticedthata person named William McCanu Neilsen, hailing from Victoria, Australia, has taken a hand in the local political fight, and is writing in a weekly here in such an in cisive, not to say vindictive way, as to attract general attention. He has impaled on his pen's point one candidate, at least, for Con gress. But it would appear this Murat of journalism has a Nemesis; for yesterday morning, the Merduml, edited by a gentle nan named Bell, came out with Mr. NeUson's record in the colonies that will, I think, have the effect of spiking his guns. Asnewspaper paragraphers say "it is important, if true.' But as your correspondent has no interest in the matter] the fight is allowed to proceed on its own merits. One interesting feature that we must fain notice, marking strongly the fall elections that have taken place or are to take place in the different States, is the prohibition senti ment. It is slowly but surely coloring the politics of the United States, and in the near future will make itself respected through the ballot-box. True, the fight has just been fought out in Ohio with disastrous results to the Republican party for having the moral courage to incorporate the prohibition plank in their platform. Where, before the Re publicans carried the State by a large majority, the Democrats, -by the aid of the distillers and liquor dealers, have sue ceec'ed pn making that majority their own. Beer and whisky were triumphant, completely unhorsing the Buckeye Republi* cans, as the same forces did in England not long ago Gladstone's Administration—the eloquence of the pewter-pot being even stronger in accomplishing the overthrow than Dizzy's subtle tongue. But this present de feat is considered by the anti-alcohol men only a step backward in the way to eventual success. It has given the intelligent heart of tbe Republic pause-^time to reflect; and the nature of the reflection is that we are reach ing a dangerous pass in the government if alcohol is the mainspring of our politics. This Ohio victory has drawn the rank-and file of the temperance army all over the country closer together, and if their feeling may be expressed in verse perhaps the oft quoted triplet, slightly varied, will do it very well.— " Freedom's battle onoe began, Bequeathed by temperance sir a to son, Though baffled oft, is ever won." The result in Ohio has certainly had an effect in California. The Probihitionista are out with a full State ticket, headed by Dr. B. H. McDonald, president of the Pacific Bank, San Francisco, for Governor, and the rest of the candidates for the different offices are mm whose names and position in society command respect. The Democrats pat this ticket on the back, for in it they recognise a movement that weakens the Republican forces. The Republican journals assail it with ferocity, and the comic papers lampoon it by pen and pencil. Bnt notwithstanding the fake friendship of ithe Democracy, the parti san enmity of the Republicans, and the jeers of journalistic clowns, procured by Republican money, the little cohort of tem perance soldiers have mustered to do their devoir in the coming political battle. Of course prohibition will have but little effect in this election, nor in the next perhaps, nor in the one to follow, but the education of the people will be going on all the same. It is going on now in this city. Many who in their younger years scouted the idea of being deprived of their beer, are now married and rearing families. They wish to save their children from the ordeal through which they themselves have passed, and being also law abiding citizens, wfrwtilr appalled from the statistics of viriousness traceable directly to rum. For this reason our prohibitionists look for the moral idea to usurp at no dUUat day the. place in the ballot-box noir held by partisanship only. In my last letter mention was made of an important convention of viticulturuts then in session here. It was the first of the kind convened on the coast, and the members had evidently brushed themselves np for the occasion, as the debates and speeches (full reports of which were published in the daily papers) are marked by practical wisdom, re sulting from experience, -that displaced many ingenious but etroneous theories heretofore entertained ,by our California vineyardists. It was a sort of Bacchian love- feast, and such glowing prophecies were made of the future importance of the wine interest of the State that every vigneron present or absent, Lad be but "fifty acres in grapes," hugged himself for being such a fortunate fellow. Grapes were then selling at 25 to 49 dollars per ton, with a steady demand, and under the circumstances self felicitation was, perhaps, pardonable. But, alas; how true is the French proverb— "L'hommt propose et Dieu dhpose. The ..convention had hardly adjourned before heavy rains set in—an un usual occurrence so early in the fall—and the clustered purple berries that promised dollars to their owner were in many districts rendered comparatively valueless. They were mildewed and became unfit for use. .It was a significant and disastrous commentary on the frequent boast anent "our glorious climate." Fine seasons we.have, no doubt, perfect days following calm and rest ful nights ; bnt somehow those who even alter yean of experience put their for tunes in the keeping of our soil and climate too often find sudden and unexpected treachery that makes their lives the struggle of hope rather than its fruition. To approach exact statement in regard to the damage done to vineyards and raisin caring by jthe unex pected rains, it may be said that according to the most trustworthy authority only four or five million gallons of wine will be made this season, as against ten million gallons in ordinary seasons. The damaged grapes will geneially be used for brandy-making. The raisin product escaped with much less loss. Still it is estimated that there will be only CO.OOO boxes instead of 75,000, the usual result of more favorable conditions. Oregon, for purposes of agriculture and stock-raising, is much more trustworthy than California. There axe no dry seasons in the Webfoot State, as it is called; while with us our farmers look for a quadrennial drought that used to transfer most of their previous three years' earnings to the pockets of the storekeepers and commission merchants. They have sow an additional drawback in au oppressive freight charge by the railroad. Several have tired of the straggle, and gone to the better - watered lands of the. neighboring State, where seedtime and harvest can be depended on; but with sublime patience and hope many still take their chances of winning fortune from the soil of the Golden State. Apropos of Oregon as a sheep raising country, a little in formation found in the course of reading the other day may be profitably used. It is to the effect that a lot of 18,000 sheep, all wethers, was recently driven from Umatilla county, in that State, to the railroad depot in Colorado, and shipped east—s,ooo miles—to Chicago. The original cost of the sheep was £2 a head, and the clip of wool paid for the cheep; the freight was SL2O a head, and the price obtained averaged 54.50. A profitable business it must be admitted. Absenteeism (not in quite so grave a sense as that complained of by the Irish people some years since) is fast becoming the fashion tmoDg leading San Franciscans. Irishmen complained that landlords rack-rented their tenants in the Green Isle, in order to find means for extravagance and dissipation abroad. San Franciscans object that its capitalists, now they have made their "pile," are transferring themselves and their money to New York and other large cities of the tast, preferring, as is given out, the alterna tions of seasons there—the summer's |fer vent heat and the winter's intense cold—to the monotonous pleature of the "glorious climate of the Golden State." The hegira began some six or seven years ago, when failing mines circumscribed stock speculation and lessened the bullion export. James W. Scene, one of the richest dealers in stocks, and now prominent on the English turf, was the first who was shrewd enough to see that the game of speculation in California was up; to he folded his tent, like the financial Be douin that he was, and silently stole away to a larger theatre of operations in New York. Then the Rothschilds closed their branch here, as there was no longer sufficient busi ness done in bullion to justify retaining effices and a staff of clerks. Since that time, the Croesuses have been flitting one by cne; and now Leland Stanford, the Pacific railroad magnate, who up to date seemed to consider his presence here and his palace on Nob Hill quite sufficient compensation for the millions abstracted from the general means of the people by a peculiar system of fares and freights, announces that ne, too, will shortly remove to New rode, there to reside permanently. D. O. Mills, another Califomian-made rich man, who started in life in 1819 on the levee at Sacramento as a peanut vendor, bat who 2?as since accuma lated anywhere between t^n milliona and fifteen millions of dollars, h.*s been in Hew York for some three yean, aVul astonished the people there by the boldness ?.">' his specu lations, real estate and other. Th? Bonanza kings—Messrs. Flood, Blacker, and i"air—*re also eaid to be pluming their winia for a flight eastward, now that the lone deferred hope of a resuscitation of *6e mining market has made the people so 001X pletely "sick" they will pay no more assess" meets on the Comstock. San Francisoo has gone through the experience of a mining share excitement in a greater degree than Melbourne did, and losses of indmdoals have been relatively greater. Bnt in the case of the Victorian city the babbles bare disap peared, and what little business is now done " under the verandah" is in properties- of real value. Here, when the Bonanza memv have gone, they will leave behind them exhwuted mines, and -penniless, plucked, hollow?yed Uctims, wandering like ghosts on wha*WM formerly the busy miniag bearoe, but is wr pertinently called by a local Spanish journal "La Callejuela de los Fflbres" (the lita? street of the paupers). There never was a time m the history of the United States that the heroism of crime is so complacently regarded at at present. This is evidenced in the case of the late Jesse James and his gang of bandits and train wreckers, so long a terror xa the elder Western States, As the Kelly band of bush rangers in Victoria had a certain sympathy and protection among the common people of that colony, so the James outlaws in Mis souri were secretly applauded, aad their whereabouts so well guarded that Ihe autho rities were unable to reach them, and the scoundrelly alliance was only broken up by the death of the leader, brought about by treachery of the Ford brothers, two of the banditti, with the connivance of the Governor of Missouri. James was shot by one of the brothers while "hanging pictures" in his own house, and while his wife was in the garden. He was a Confe derate soldier, and it was given out that the lawless acts committed by himself, i?^f brothers, and fheirassocaates, were in retalia tion for wrongs inflicted on his family by the Union troops during the war of the rebellion. This was, of course, sufficient to make him solid with the secessionists of the south and south-west, where most of his crimes were committed. The wires have been and con tinue to be loaded with items regarding the dead banditandhfcfamuy, until he has passed into journalistic history as a sort of martyr to a false state of society, and a mmilHii pity is felt by some that ''so brave a man* should have been suddenly cut short in his practice of the peculiar ethics embodied in the ccuplet— " fie may take who has the power. And he shall keep who can." The Ford brothers who did him to death are correspondingly execrated. They live always in the shadow of assassination threatened by the dead outlaw's friends aad admirers ; but this does not prevent them accepting engage* ments from eastern showmen to parade them selves before the public for the sake of gain. They would not dare to do this in the western comiUy. Mrs. James, widow of Ote slaugh tered train-wrecker, has also tad a Jee tore prepared -descriptive of Ids many virtues, and hopes to turn am honest penny by delivering it in various parts of the country. Naturally it would be supposed the friends and relatives of toe gnflty parties ought to feel a measure of the shame and disgrace resulting from thefr criminal acts, and be only tooiglad to re main in friendly obscurity aad qufetifll time had mantled their deeds somewhat; bAt not so. The times have changed, and ire ate changing with them. Dollars must be coined out of Mood and crime, and this can wily be done while the acts are fresh in the public ioiod, and the gore of the robber and bis victims is yet reeking. What is virtue, honor, a good name, compared to money? Nothing. There is no crime, however vile, that cannot, in the opinion of many, be silver-plated, and some will clutch at coin although it be wet with the tears ?f widows and orphans, or slippery with the blood of a murdered friend. The latest in connection with this slaughterous gang is that Frank James, Jesse's brother, has sur rendered himself since the organisation, is broken up, and calmly says to a press inter viewer he has no doubt he will escape convic tion, or if convicted the Governor will inter fere. "I desire," said this now harmless brigand, "to live a quiet life with my family." Selah! ~ The Princess and the Marquis of litnoe are still in British Columbia looking Into matters in that remote part ol the .near Hnmir.ir.n ACCOUUtS Say XjOZQC and "Mf lady are ?njoying themselves.. MThey.' ace certainly treated with the utmost cere monial .respect by the colonists,' bat if the information is correct Che' Princess rather at forms and ceremonies, and desires to en joy her outing at her ..own sweet will—and she has a will of her own, if the truth must be told..- There was rather a unique compliment paid the vice-regal party when a visit was made to New Westminster, on the Fraser River, an important' salinon canning place, on the 2nd instant. They were received beneath an arch built with Ealmon boxes and bands mt^n with ?h? of salmon. This was surmounted by a large congar (an American, lion} and trimmed with deer heads, and from fbe roof of the arch, were suspended a large salmon and sturgeon. Fishing-nets festooned each side, on which were, the follow ing mottos:—"Onr Sea Farm," "Natural Refeourcee." There was also an Indian arch, tastefully decorated, and on it was written in Chinook—" da How Yah Qoe Kns Tenoso." The feature, at night, was a canoe torchlight procession. The di?tingnwhfid party have been eo well received that they will not tear themselves away from the delights of British Columbia and its loyal people till late in the present month. On the return home, via San Francisco, a mere formal reception and elaborate entertainment will here be given the Princess and Governor-General than was accorded on their first arrival.* The lumber grade between tiiis coast and the Australian colonies has received, for some cause, a sudden impulse. In place of two or three vessels ayear chartered for various ports on your side of the ocean, there are more than that number a month. It is not infrequent to find as many as four or five large sea-going vessels awaiting cargo at some of the large 'lumber stations on Puget Sound, and these in nearly every case are chartered for colonial ports. The price of lumber has been gradu ally increasing in city, and the demand from abroad is such that charters have,Also \- stiffened to a profitable point for shipowners. China, it may be added, is also tak&g; more lumber from this side ??i formerly. Have you ever had what is called an "Authors' Carnival" in your part of the world? Itisix) be presumed not, as the in stitution is of bnt recent gro wth and peculiar to America. The "carnival" has been adopted with an eagerness that may be called feverish by the society ladies and gentlemen of San Francisco, ana for the last three years -has invariably followed the close of our annual Mechanics' Fair. It is for "sweet Charity's take," the proceeds being divided among the various benevolent institutions of the city. The readiness with which our young gentlemen and >?^'— — par ticularly if the latter have the dangerous gift of beauty — lend themselves to this enterprise, has given rise to some Ill natured comment to the effect that personal vanity and not the charitable virtue is the inducement. But you generally find that those who otter such sentiments are, if of the male sex, wizened as to face and shrunken as to calf; if of the female, belonging to that grade who for years past have, as wall-flowers, ceased to be noticed by the editors of fashion able society journals. The great hall of our Fair Bui Wing is utilised for the carnival, and here a series of booths are erected, each de voted to the exposition, by acting and cos tume, of scenes from tie works of favorite poets, novelists, dramatists, historians, or whatever may be picturesque as to costume and dramatic as to action. Shakespeare is affected by the more ambitious, and his principal plays are rifled of their best scenes, because, as a general thing, the more aciuauyignorant of histrionic art the novice, the firmer his conviction that be knows all about it Byron, Scott, and the Arabian Nights, the French and German authors, are afeo favorite sources from whence to draw. The population in San Francises is to mixed, the literary taste consequently so varied, added to which the ambition of the members of each booth to excel the other in pcintof beaut; and display is so greak-tiu&the; result is really a varied and gorgeous show, and the attendance of the public bo largetfeat the charities to aid while thecarnival sgiven, are very tubitantiaily benefited. Of course so far as correctness of detail mJAie tableau £ acd acting is concerned, one' is, expected to lay a critical spirit aside fer the nonce and take the will for the deed. Last year several thousand dollars were realised for the poor we have alwavs with us; and it is confidently expected this carnival, which opens on tbe 23rd instant, will show doubled receipts fw tbe came laudable purpose. Vanity is. a venal peccadillo after all; and g the chance to Enow a pretty face or a weU-tnmed ankle, set off by a handsome costume, can be aaade to subserve a good purpose, where s the harm of being a Medora, a Sated, a Zulrika, a Juliet, or an Amy Bobsart for an evening? The British ship Dunbritton. Captain Emmett, arrived here on the Ith ismfiiiil in seventy-seven days from Adelaide. The vessel comes in ballast, and will take a cargo of wheat for Europe. During the passage heavy gales were encountered, wMch splittEe saOs, and shifted ?h* ballast w that iheanin was submerged with the top-gallant all under water, and Uie boat in the davit?fiDed. An interesting incident ef fee voyagTwi* that of being boarded on Angurt W by ? boat from Fiteaim Island with. fruit, _&c; Jn return the captain sup plied the islander with reading matter jrftieh they ?rave, frfth a hunger increased by ??eanty-*auca?>ftn. The number of inhatn jante on Ttte,4ira now-reaches one hundred and two. T?ey were reported all welL These <a??ccwun J afroni the Bounty's mutintjersthavc ?excltea r M strong interest in'San Francisco and in The-Obitcfl States generally. There is an uiKaTibatfon in this city, the business of which isttfcpdHectfood, raiment, books, and other Jrtceselties, and confide the supplies to cap otes ?f vessels axwdne the Pacific taking tbe<*anc?oftfaeir- callW?tPitcairtt. This is. my laudable, but like most other things ?fce lavish American disposition undertakes, ?it is liable to be overdone. The self- reliant *nd independent islanders may by and %ve become merely dependents on outside ttartty." The condition of the theatre in our citv is vecuKar enough to deserve a paragraph. San iSranduco boosts of nearly 300,000 inhabitants, ?Bdb?s three first-ctaflstheatres.theCalJfomia, the Baldwin, and the Grand Opera House, ?asfch ?mVSo. aseatdne capacity of nearly 2.0C0; two second- class, the Bush-street and the (9t??d*rd,holding each 1,006; two third-class, to- music-halls, the Tivoli and Winter Garden, with indefinite capacity so far as the audi torium is concerned; and these arc supple mented by a score cr more of "dives" ?ltd questionable underground places of amusement, in the vicinity of which % policeman or two may generally be "fotnitf, *s rows are frequent there and arrests ditto. The California is the only ttrsfectan theatre open at present, and the ?Sts?e-is supplied by miserable snap ;eom ?p?Dic* and with indifferent pieces, such as ?OH Bhipim?tes, n "Davy etocfaett," "Streets <H New York/' et id omne ffetms. The Baldwin is closed, and it is a question if the HJrtadOpera House opens this season; the 9mah-- srreet is also shut, and, judging from appearances, pcrmancntiy ?o> as its rate manager, Mr. Chas. E. Locke has %onc to pieces among the shoals and ouicb: ?*nds of impecuniosity. Meantime, the cheap ?theatres, the Tivoli and Winter Gardens, we ?nightly filled, and you may listen to the strains of Offenbach's pos6ramons opera. ~'.L*b Contes d'Hoffmann" at the first, and of ?AuberVMatsanieHo" at the second for 2* ?cte a?tmfesion, with the privilege of being ?Mi-red with all the beer you are able to nay for, and all the cigars ort the same condition *rtta are able to *moke. It is an odd idea this -parading ?f all the greatTwestri" in what may be-called undress-uniform for the delectation *}f a beer-drinking and cigar-smoking -audience, and the oddity is increased <#iten one "thinks of the' picture of leaden ?f ton in full evening dress, of the ?Jf the rustling of silks and satins, the glitter ing of diamonds, and the dispersion of deli c?te perfumes through the auditorium of a grand theatre, the name of Verdi, Donizetti, Kosfiini/Meyerbeer, Auber, always called np to the mind. Have we fallen on evil days for iart*nd?rtists in this-westemeftyby the sea? wr are we to congratulate onrselves that art lias became popularised, and the proletarian ,?n enjoy his two-bit " Errjani" of an evening ?withthe same <*?ta?Uicfa?Wonabl? dilettanti ?4bb&> " the '?grand" on ?? a 'sovereign; at Her aiajeatj's? ?erKrasly < speaking, tticorches itration and concerted vocal music of theoperas -asgivenaat'-the places named, is quite uatis \- f?*tery. Of the soloists, compelled as < tkey are-to'Slngsevery night, Sundays included, vsotJ?Uch can be expected. They do the best !tkey?an,'at the same time husbanding tkeir nttices to make them last as k>ng as possible. TO?y know, most of them, the significance of fiMcayiag, "No song, no supper." Ifrwould -?eem-thatSaniFranciaoo, onoe so proud of her ?Mage aaiAtheeritfnal taste of .the people, is <4oina?d ' to'1 be deprived of a theatrical ?positteta; in the -future, -and to step <mwn ' frcut beside the principal cities >ot 'Ok United States to the humbler tfdare?fthe?agcnd of Western Circuit, the ?ringing'-up point of strolling' companies with -repertoires of fustian. An effort was made by ?ne'of t?ut managers lately to arrange San maaeiEeo as ?n intermediary in a circuit em .tracing New .York at'one extreme and' the ~?bleniM?tthc?ther. But it is a question if -When Has {dea was sought to ba'realised the counter the cost. A1 circuit that for the round trip has some 16,000 to 18.0G3 miles ttfttcami?g, wttfc high rates of passage, does *DOf; promise inncfa profit* 'The cricketers-from your part of the world, ~?ho.have -been ?mafcrng a sort of triumphal progress through England and 'America, heave for home to-day by the ?steamship City ?f. New York. They are a splendid-looking -lot vf fellows, men of thews and smews, and m credit to the Antipodes. The team'have been wonderfully successful in their tour -throughout Great Britain, playing over"forty ?watches, losing only four; about ten were drawn, many .of them very much in their 'fatoT. Besides, the glory of beating the -slayers of the old country, the " solid pud ding" of Hie enterprise is shown, it is nnder ?stood, by a bank account, to the credit xt the colonial players of £11,030! This is quite good enough as the result -of a summer's outing. He matches in the -United States were few and futile, .so far as ?tie American .players were concerned. Cricket is not, nor will it ever be, a popular ytmi fii 4<""'*?i 'It is too English, and that is quite enough to condemn it with young iAnierica, .who prefers the national game of iftawhall, a sort /of. skilful improvement on ?the rode "rounders" that we need, to play, in schoolboy, days. ' The cricketers have' been .-very well received jduringtheir short stay in -San Francisco, and were kept busy seeing rtbe sights of the city, besides being in -xited,to a >yacht excursion on tie. bay. .'On :tbe nay before 'the steamer sailed they -played an exhibition match..at.the Union ?Itecreation Grounds'their opponents being ?xSficers'. from the different .British merchant .skips in the harbor. The. Australians' play ?was as searly perfect as constant practice coold-make^it; the jolly tars showed they ?cold ""reef,1 hand, and steer" much better than they could manage a -cricket bat. It -was a good-humored affair all round, and ?.there as a satisfaction in knowing the cricketers depart with a pleasant memory of -their brief experiences in San' Francisco. 