THE TRAVELLER. SPAIN AND THE SPANIARDS. TOLEDO (Continued.) The Plaza Gocodorer of Toledo is one of the most delightfully picturesque squares in all Spain. It is surrounded by antiquated j houses, whose facades are tastefully painted and decorated in arabesque designs, while the windows and balconies are of the most attractive and curious build, and dis play some of the most artistic features of Moorish and early Spanish architecture. It is surrounded with shady colonnades, built of blue granite, and a marble fountain studded about with orange and pomegranate trees throws out a crystal jet in the beautiful garden which forms the centre, and where also bloom the most beautiful flowers and shrubs. This attractive spot right in the j heart of the old city is the chief rendezvous of the idlers of the town, who come here to j smoke their eternal papelitos, to talk scandal I and patriotism, and to do those thousand-and one Ettle airy nothings which go to make up everyday life here. Withal, however, the Plaza Zocod oreo is a very enjoyable place, •and nothing is more delightful than to sit on 4ts big stone benches in the cool of the evening, when the fountain bubbles music, and the soft bright eyes of fascinating Cas tilian belles sparkle like stars, to listen to the twang of the guitar and the click of the Cas tanet, as tawny peasant girls and swarthy Toledan boys w velveteen smalls and long knives thrust into the folds_ of their crimson sashes, trip nimbly on the light fantastic toe, and make the quaint old houses echo to the sound of their merry laughter. No matter in what part of this singular yet venerable town I wander, the most curious and ever changing scenes of Spanish life come vividly before the gaze. The street scenes of Toledo would charm the eye and. inspire the imagi nation of any artist in search of tne grotesquely picturesque. The men in their tall conical hats, brown velvet jackets and breeches, serge capas, white stockings, and sandal shoes; the women in their yellow boddices, blue gowns, crimson petticoats; the beggars and bronze-faced children clad in iho rags of squalid poverty, all look just as their ancestors must have appeared to the eye centuries ago. It is clear at a fiance that the Tolcdans do not affect 'arisian fashions. They are fond of their own homespun cloth, and of those beautiful silken fabrics which have for ages past formed one of the staple products of foledan manufacture. Pedro and Camilla look more attractive in their national costumes than they could possibly do in those of any other country. There is something in the manner and bearing too, of the loledans, which seems to set olf their gay attires to per fection. With them there is no slouching awkward gait; the men walk about with a_ stately and measured tread, and with a haughty dignified mien, as if they had been taught from their infancy to promenade ahout with their noses in the air to the tune of the "Dead March in Saul;" while the women have that easy and graceful deport ment which characterizes their sex in every part of Spain; with them also there are none of those heavy, rolling, lob-lollaboy move ments which form a marked feature in the bearing of many of our own beauties; ou the contrary, these Toledan women have the poetry of motion developed to a remarkable degree. I explore the sinuous windings of intricate streets, and dodge in and out like a dog at a fair, up narrow lanes and tortuous alleys, where the tall houses are so close together that you might step out on to a balcony on one side and turn a back somersault through the window on the oppo site side of the way without much fear of landing on your head in the stony street lielow. Nothing, however, can be more sen sible than the narrow by-ways in a hot cli mate, for in them you may enjoy the most delicious shade and coolness; you walkabout completely protected from the sun, the pro jecting roofs serve the purpose of umbrellas, and it is only when it rains very hard, and the big stone waterspouts carved to resemble ' hideous monsters vomit forth perfect cataracts upon your heads, and the choked up gutters burst out and mount to your knees in the form of pestiferous sewers, • that the cramped alleys become just a wee bit unpleasant. It is true likewise they have a perpetual and never-dying odour of fried fish, garlic, and rancid oil about them; and among their other minor drawbacks, a mob of mules may sweep you off your feet as yon pass along them; a donkey may run his head into the small of your bac"k, or plant his heels in your stomach in a playful way; or you may have to step now and again into a doorway, or crawl through a window, to avoid some ponderous dray crushing you be neath its wheels in a fanatical, Juggernaut fashion; but all these trivial inconveniences are as trifles light as air to the experienced traveller, and the game sant bkn la chandelk, if only to get a glance at the mode of exis tence led by their singular inhabitants, for I have always found that the hidden corners and back slums of cities and towns are the true centres through which the most curious life ebbs and flows. Ifipass by whole regiments of gaunt, yellow faced houses, whicli seem to be brimfullof people right up to their roofs, for every window and balcony shows some sign of life; while stretched across the street are im promptu clothes-lines, and stockings, shirts, shifts, and all kinds of unmentionable inexpressibles flutter in the air. I go past open doorways, where bevies of women sit chatting and nursing brown babies that look as if they were made of a composition of indiarubber and_ beeBWax; past antiquated looking shops painted blue, green, and coarse yellow, with bottles of blood-red wine and amber-coloured olive oil stuck in the windows; past shops filled with piles of golden oranges, crimsom pomegranates, brown olives, luscious grapes, mountains of, nuts from Barcelona, dried figs froui Andalusia, and raisins from Malaga, and with enormous heaps of onions and pimentos fresh from the rich plains of the Tagus piled up in front of them; past shops full of rusty armour, old swords, pistols and daggers, curios, ponder horns, helmets, long lances, and fantastic housings; past shops where saints and virgins are being fashioned out of lumps of wood, and painted to the life, and dressed in real clothes; past crowdeddrinking-saloons, where light-hearted muleteers from the hills and stolid-looking Toledans sit smoking their cigarros papeliios, quaffing wine from big horn cups, playing dominoes, tinkling the guitar, and cursing the swarms of flies that gambol through the hot stifling air in uutold millions; past sculptured fountains of spark ling water, where groups of chatting, quizzing girls with enormous copper pitchers smirk and smile as I hasten past them with a modest and sedate look ; past donkeys laden with panniers filled with all kinds of produce from the country; past crowds of peasants on powerful mules'decked out with bells and netted and tasselled housings; past Moorish gateways, rich in their delicate fvnravw nf C-tnnn . 1^.. - .1 — — — —jr J JJUIWW V11V/ ^jlUUU Vdtlic dral, with its tall spire towering towards heaven; past splendid churches, all marvels of architectural beauty; past grey old con vents, where crowds or tattered beggars lie basking in the sun beneath the crumbling walls; and past haunts of squalid wretched ness, where vice and poverty hold sway. From time immemorial Toledo has been celebrated for its manufacture of arms, and more especially its sword - blades. The Fabrica_ de Armas, where the weapons are made, is a vast edifice situated on the bonks of the _ Tagus, the water of the river—which _ is said to possess pro perties peculiarly adapted for this manu facture—being used to temper the steel and turn the machinery. The workshops run along a large courtyard surrounded by arcades, and in one part the iron is heated, m another it is submitted to the hammer, while further on it is tempered to the re quired degree of tension. In one place are the stones for sharpening and grinding, and in another are made tho sheaths and handles. The* manufacture of sword-blades has been carried on in the same spot for centuries, and the steel, which is partially manufactured out of old shoes of horses and mules that are carefully collected for the purpose, still possesses the same wonderful elastic pro perties. It is an error to suppose that the secret of tempering the Toledan blades has been lost. Tne modern swords are not in reality inferior to the ancient, only they differ materially in form to the latter, and are not so highly wrought. After examining the various works, I am conducted to the proving room, where a workman of colossal strength takes an ordinary cavalry sabre, and fixing the point in a pig of lead, makes the blade bend about in every possible way until the handle almost touches the point, and the elasticity and suppleness of the steel proved to be something wonderful. He next takes a massive bar of iron, about an inch in diameter,! and grasping it firmly in his left hand, gives it so vigorous a blow with the weapon that the blade enters it nearly to a depth of a quarter of an inch. I had seen wonderful rapiers in "Japan, and richly chased yataghans in the bazaars of Cairo, but these Soledan blades," whoso bright ness, sharpness, and strength has been for centuries sung of in verse and chronicled in story, are certainly the finest of their kind I have ever seen. There are few grander sights than to sit on the rugged banks of the Tagus and to watch the sun sink to rest beliind the tall spires of Toledo. Just at the point where the river rolls beneath the tow it is grandly pic turesque in its windings, as it glides through steep rocky banks, interspersed with groves of beautiful trees that aiTord a most delight ful shelter during the day, and when the moon is high some of the most lovely walks that it is eaBy to conceive. The city rises above you, carved against the bright azure of beautiful relief in the calm cloudless atmo sphere. I have seen the. most renowned of the quaintly-ancient towns of Prance and Italy, and those of a host of other countries too innumerable to mention, but there is a picturesque beauty about these grand old Spanish cities, with their cathedrals, convents, and alcazas—all stupendous mouments of sculptured stone—and their forests of white facea red-tiled houses, which charms the eye, and delights the imagination. The burning sun of Spain which turns the white marble pink, and dyes the fantastic buildings with a tint of saffron, clothes them in rich strong colour and mellow tints, while the trans parency of the air is such that the outlines of every structure retain all their sharpness, and every architectural detail stands boldly out before the gaze with wonderful effect, and I when you behold them beneath the soft golden tints of the fading light of day, they look doubly attractive, and have an air of j grand magnificence about them unlike any thing I have ever seen in any other part of i the world. As I contemplate the beauties of Toledo now, the whole city is wrapped in an amber burst of sunlight, which gradually fades away as the refulgent orb of day sinks behind the dark red hills in the distance. For a moment the tall spires are tipped with gold, and then, as if by a sudden sweep of her | wings, dark night throws her blue mantle over the heavens, and the bright stars shine forth, and cast their glittering shadows on the silver waters of the rolling river beneath my I feet. On every side rise up steep granite rocks, and grassy mounds crowned by an cient ruins and crumbling walls, that have been battered and rent asunder by the< ravages of countless ages, but over which the myrtle, the fig, and the trailing vine have cast their rich mantle of vivid green. On the steep preoipice yonder stands the ruined palace of Wamba, and beyond is the antique del Gambron, the pinnacles Puerto, of San Juan de ' los Keys, the picturesque Moorish bridge of Alcantara, adorned with towers; the beautiful Ala meda, with its forests of rose trees; the Alcaza looking out over the town; and the Moorish castle of Cervantes, rising like a spectre of the past in the distant rega. It is now that doubtful hour of night when, accor ding to the old French proverb, " all cats are grey," and as I wander along the banks of the river I can discern through the dim light attractive groups of lads ana lasses reclining upon the green sward or dancing to the music of the guitar or the mandoline, or billing and cooing like turtle doves on the ponderous stone benches beneath the dark shadows of the overhanging trees. They make love on the TaguB just as they do on the Thames, only here there is decidedly more romance in the surroundings—nothing but the blue sky overhead and eternal suuBhine, not! to mention illimitable moonshine, which here, as elsewhere, has for ever been intimately associated with the tender passion. If these umbrageous glens of the Tagus could only tell tales what startling legends of romance they might unfold. From the earliest period they have been intimately associated" with some of the most stirring deeds in the history of the country, and both poets and roman cists have sung their praise. It was a lovers' escapade enacted among these granite cliffs that brought the Moors into Spain, and made this noble river run with blood. Twelve centuries have rolled away since then, yet! the legend of King Roderic and the beautiful Florinda still echoes through the classic vales of the Tagus in verse and song. Yonder perched upon the rocks hard by the beautiful bridge of St. Martin stands a dilapidated tower, with a pointed arched entrance and rugged walls, and which now beneath the pale moonlight has ahaunted,ghost- likelook about it. It is ktiownasAtf terra del Key Don Roderic, and the heap of ruins beneath is called Los lanos de Florinda, for the fair maiden is said to have been bathing inpuris naturalibus at this very spot when Don Roderic, who was acting the part of a primitive Peeping Tom of Coventry from a window in the tower above, first saw the chaste Florinda, and became enamoured of her charms, which were too powerful, it would seem, for so licentious a monarch to behold unmoved. The story went that Don Roderic wooed and won the beautiful bather, and made her his mistress, when her father, Count Julian, furious at the outrage, betrayed his country, and in order to obtain revenge, called in the aid of the Moors, who for eight hundred years held dominion over Spain, and graced Toledo with many of her grandest monuments. 