Alexandria. A CORRESPONDENT forwards to us, with a request for insertion, a brief but eloquent article on the lately ruined city of Alexandria, from the Echo:— "When Aurehan, following the mission of the Caesars, was conquering the world, and the Caliph Omar, advancing the banner of the Prophet, was beating down the cross, each found it necessary to carry storm and fire into the city of Alexandria. Whenever the Chris- tians of early centuries were in the most belli- gerent stage, they found it necessary to make some havoc in Alexandria; and now when England goes to her work in the Mediter- ranean she finds it to be her duty, or necessity, to point her cannons against the town, to give opportunity to incendiaries, and perhaps make as much havoc of the old city as did Aurelian, or Diocletian, or the Caliph Omar, or the Bishops Theophilus and Cyril. It is a matter of infinite pity that this thing should be. Alexandria may be bruised and battered and decrepit, but she is still a link of gold binding the old world to the new. Her streets were rich with memories of the past, though all her monuments were crumbled into dust. She is not now the Alexandria planned by the architect Dinocrates, with two straight streets crossing each other at right angles four miles in length, adorned with colonnades, and very regularly built through their whole length. The streets have gone, and the mausoleum of Alexander has gone, and the palaces of the Ptolemies who followed him have gone, and the Posidonium and the Serapeion and even the great library founded by Ptolemy Soter, rich with the collected litera- ture of the East and West; and that priceless collection of Pergamos which Marc Antony flung as a bauble to Cleopatra, greatest of all great losses, it also has gone. Very little, indeed, remains, save a pillar or two and the descendants of the old people who have not much changed, but even in that little is enough to be worth preserving. The relics are almost priceless now, and is it not shame- ful as strange that we can no more move to our end without destroying them than could Omar 1200 or Ceesar 2000 years ago. It seems that civilisation has not done much for us — only given us ironclads for battering-rams, Gatling guns for crossbows, and bayonets for vinestock spears. We mete out wrong for wrong, and preach the old gospel of force just as readily now as then. Fire and rapine and terror filled Alexandria last week just as they did on that night almost 2000 years ago, when the soldiers of Aurelian laid waste that part of the city called Brucheium, or when the Allah- il-Allah of Omar's fanatics mingled with women's shrieks and men's groans and all the horrid voices of destruction ; or on that still more shameful night when the Patriarch Cyril's Christian monks tore the woman Hypatia in pieces before the White Christ, uplifted in the temple of Jupiter Serapis. Is the old way still the only way ? Is the only difference in the cause of the war ? Caesar fought for an empire, Omar for a creed, England for the recovery of interest due upon a debt. We have no intent to cavil about minor issues now; that is the great point of sentiment, and from it springs the chief cause for regret. All the world may join to mourn this fifth destruc- tion of the ancient city, since all the world has interest there. The ghosts of the place are household gods in every land. The wreck of the Khedive's palace may not cause many pangs. That palace brought forth nothing good, but gave to Egypt part of its frightful incubus of debt and to the world this present war. It is a very fitting retribution that it should be battered and burned. It held nothing but the vices and follies of the ancients adapted to modern forms. Why should it be spared ? But the streets of the city in which pillage has now been let loose, it is pitiful that they should be destroyed, and simply because it is both the fortune and the fate of war—the old war, whose inward and spiritual force is the same now as at the begin- ning, eager and inconsiderate as ever, the spirit of destruction that in some fashion pre- pares the way for the entry of new order. Such confessions do not make us much more in love with ourselves, or particularly eager to refute the arguments of a strong but wayward author, who could never see that Birmingham was much better than Etruria, or Paris than was Athens in the days when Athene sat in the highest place." "A terrible revelation of the corruption prevailing in the Russian Administration has been made at Leipsic, where a pamphlet called "Loose Leaves from the Secret Archives of the Russian Government" has just been published. These "Loose Leaves," observes the Daily News, "show that the stories which have from time to time oozed out with regard to shocking scandals in connection with various depart- ments of the Russian Government have been by no means exaggerated. From the very highest officers of the State downwards, all men seemed to think themselves entitled to plunder the Imperial revenues at their will. The Russian Admiralty, in particular, was, under the administration of the Grand Duke Con- stantine, who has since been cashiered, a per- fect hotbed of corruption. A hundred millions of roubles, or, in round figures, twelve millions sterling, have been expended in ship-building in the Russian dockyards during the last ten years; but it is no exaggeration to say that the value of the ships actually produced was not one-tenth of that sum. Everywhere, however, the most unblushing and systematic peculation seems to have prevailed ; and it is quite clear that down to the close of the late reign official corruption in Russia was as widespread as in the days of Catherine. It would be interesting to know if matters have improved since." A TELEGRAM in the Ctape Times, of the 25th June, files of which have been received by the Potosi, reports that a fatal explosion occurred on the previous day at Kimberley, on the diamond fields, through the fire of the carpen- ter's shop of the Kimberley Central Company. The flames spread to the store, and as it was known that dynamite was stored there, the employes, of whom there was a large number assembled, were afraid to approach. Five white men rushed into the shop to save their tools when a terrific earthquake ensued, producing the effect of an explosion in the town. Four of them were killed on the spot. One was hurled through the doorway, his clothes in ablaze ; he ran to Sluit, rolled himself over to extin- guish the flames, but when the corpse was found it was only recognised by the remains of the clothes. The bodies were burned to cinders. Under one of the bodies was found a box con- taining 200 carats diamonds. The estimated damage is £10,000. 