' LOTS OF FUN IN HIM. ONRof the members of the Methodist conference held in Detroit was out for a walk at an early hour one morning and encountered a-strapping big follow, who was drawing a waggon to a black smith's shop. ' Catch hold hero and help me down to the shop with this waggon, and I'll buy tho whisky,' called the big fellow. ' I never drank,' solomnly replied tho good man. ' Well,. you can tako a cigar.' 'I hover smoke;' The man dropped the waggon-tongue looked hard at tho member and asked — ' Don't you chew V 'No, sir,' was the decided reply. ' You must get mighty louesome,' mused the teamslor. . . .' 'I guess I'm all right , L feel first-rate.' ' I'll bot you oven that lean lay you on back,' said the teamster. 'I never bet;' said the clergyman. ' Come, now, lot's warm up a littlo.' ' I'm in a hurry.' ?' Woll, lot's take each other down for fun then. You aro as big as [ am, and I'll give you tho under hold.' 'I never havo fun,' solemnly replied tho member. ' Woll, I'm going to tackle you, anyhow. Here wo go.' The teamster slid up and endeavoured to get a back hold, but ho had only just commenced his fun when ho was lifted clear off the grass and slammed against a tree box with such force that ho grasped half-a-dozen times before ho could catch his breath. ' Now, you Jcoop away from me,' oxclaimod the minister, picking up his cane. ' Bust me if I don't,' roplied the teamster as he edged off. 'What's the uso of lying and saying you didn't have any fun in you, when you are chuck full of it X You wanted to break my back didn't you ?'— Detroit Free Press. A Good Deed. — Thorois nothing so noble and touching as areally spontaneous actof gonerosity, after all. Tho othor day a rough, carelesslook ing strangor was walking up Mission-street, Sixth, San Francisco'whon he observod a number of hoodlums clusterod round tho gato of a small farm' houso, in front of which a poor woman was weeping bitterly, 'surrounded by, her, terri fied children. A scanty array of housohold goods on tho pavement showod that it was a case of ejectment. ' What aro you abusing that woman for?' demanded the man from below, addressing an ill-favoured individual who was carrying out the furniture. ' I ain't abusing, hor,' growled the landlord ; she can't pay hor rent, and I'm going to bounce the wholo outfit that's all.' ' I've, a -good mind to bounco yon,' said tho ranger indignantly,' what's the, amount she owes you 1' ' Twenty-two dollars.-' ' Hero, tako it out of that,', aiid the angry mail took out his wallet and handed over a 100 dollar greenback. Tho ovicter respectfully turned over a receipt and tho change. Forcing an ad ditional V on tho happy woman, the stranger walkod rapidly away. 'Centric op.ss, that,' said the house owner, looking after , the phil anthropist, musingly. But the philanthropist said nothing until ho' turned tho corner, when ho murmured softly to himself, as ho put on a little more pedostrian stoam :? 'It's, no; nsn talking— virtuo is its own reward. I couldn't have go£ another such chance to work off that counterfeit in a year.' ' . v ? The senior wranglor at Cambridge . this yeaa is Mio son of a -Nonconformist, and tho Dissen ters of Great Britain are pointing with pride to the fact that in 22 years this chief honour of the old university has fallen to them 15 times The following measurement of the groat lakes of America have been taken by the Government surveyors :— Tho greatest length of Lake Su perior is 3'35 miles, its greatest breadth is 100 miles, its mean depth 088 feet, elevation G27 feet, area 82,000 square miles. The greatest longth of Lake Michigan is 300 miles, its groat ost breadth 108 miles, mean depth 090 foet, olovation 500 foet, area 23,000 square miles. The greatest length of Lalfo Huron is 300 miles, its greatest breadth 00 miles, mean depth 000 feot, olovation 274 feet, area 20,000 square miles. Tho greatest length of Lako Erie is 250 miloa, its greatest breadth 80 miles, moan depth 84 feet, elevation 20 feot, area 0000 square miles. The greatest length of Lake Ontario is 180 miles, its greatest breadth 35 miles, mean depth 500 fee^, elevation 201 feet, area 0000 square miles. The total of all tive is 1205 miles, covering aii area of upwards of 215,000 square miles. A Luoky Siiot. — It was mentioned the other day that a shot from the Orion smashed a car riage in; a train bringing up reinforcomonts of tho' enemy near Noliclie, and that the train was upset and the Egyptians ilod. It is remarkable (the Standard's correspondent says) that this shot was fired without the gunners seeing the enemy. ' Foreseeing tho likelihood of the enemy bringing up troops by train, Lieutenant Oarysfprt, of trio Orion, laid the 25-ton gun upon a point of the railway out of sight, tho elevation and direction being determined by calculation, and the use of the azimuth compass. The lino of aim was accurately laid down irt one of the tops,- audwheu Lieutenant Carysfort saw the train was passing the point indicated, he gave the word.. The gun was fired, and the. train was struck and disabled. This was a tri umph of sciiontific gunnery.. Heuk is a true ghost story. A worthy cap' taiii, living on half pay at Leamington is the occupier of, a houso said to be haunted by a furinur tenant, who was a miser. The captain believes in it thoroughly, and says tho ghost of old H — r- starts from the top of the house every night about 12.30 a.m. and passes his bedroom door. He can actually fed him coming, so he tells his wife. 'Hark ! There's old H- — -'the gallant captnin exclaims. 'I'll go for him.' Then he runs after the said ghost, who quietly but rapidly proceeds downstairs into the cellar, where he vanishes behind a big beer cask. ' Thon,' says the captain, ' after I have run him -.to earth, I take a big drink at the cask (but you need not tell that to Mrs. J.) and pro ceed to' bed. and tell my wife I have done for him for that night anyhow.' A Great Northern train with an 8-foot single driver outside-cylinder engine, which recently took the Duke; of Edinburgh from Leeds to London on the Great Northern Railway, did the journey 18CJ. miles, in exactly three hours. One stop was made' at Grantham. The actual speed, therefore, was over 02 miles anhoui. This is said to be tho quickest run of the stated length on record. It was in the smoking-car on the New York Central. There was one chap who was blustor ing a great deal and telling of how -many duels he had fought, and behind him sat a small mini reading a magazine. ' Sir,' said the big man, as he wheeled around, ' what would you do if challenged 1' ' Refuse,' was the quiot reply. 'Ah, 1 thought as much. Refuse and be branded a coward ! What if a gdiitleman of fered you the choice of a duel or a public horse whipping— tlien what?' 'I'd take the horse whipping.' 'Ah! I thought so -thought so from the looks of you: Suppose, sir, you had fjully slandered me?' '1 never slander. ' ' Then , sir, suppose I had coolly and deliberately insulted you ; what would you do?' ' I rise up this way, put down my bonk, and reach over like this, and take him by tho nose as 1 take you, and givo him a three- quarter twist — just so I' When the little man let go of the big man's noso, another man with a white hat on bc^an to crouch d.-wn to got away rroui outlets ; but there was no shooting. The big man turned red, then pale, and remarked: 'Certainly — of course — that's it exactly I1' — Detroit Free Press. 'Five Centuries of Success. — Towards tho close of the 15th century, the Swiss discovered among their mountains an arom itic and tonic herb, which on being incorporated with a pure stimulating element, proved to be a most potent appetizer, tonic and assimilant. The compound was thenceforward known as 'Dew of the Alps,' and under, that name has enjoyed a well-deserved celebrity for nearly five hundrod yoars. Of all the liqueurs we have ever tasted it is the most refreshing and 'agreeable, and of all tonics, re storatives, anclfnssimilating preparations, it is the most refreshing and agreeable, and of all tonics, restoratives, and assimilatingpreparations, it is said on good medical authority to bethebest. For its introduction into this market we aro in debted to Messrs. M: Moss and Co., solo agents for Australia. It is immensely popular in the mining district, and indeed everywhere as a healthful restorative and delicious cordial. Holloway's Ointment and Pills. —Coughs, Influenza. — The soothing properties of these modicaments render them well worthy of trial in all diseases of the respiratory organs. In common colds and influenza, the Pills taken in ternally, and the Ointment rubbed overthe chest and throat, aro exceedingly officacious. When influenzi is epi lemic, this troatment is easiest, safest, and surest. Hulloway's Pills purify the blood, remove all obstacles to its free circulation through the lungs, relieve tho overgorged air tubes, and render respiration freo, without re ducing tho strength, irritating the nerves, or de pressing the spirits, such are the ready means of saving suffering when any one is afflicted with cold, coughs, bronchitis, and other chest com plaints, by which so many persons are seriously and permanently afflicted in most countries. 