COLLECT ANE A. a For the " Victorian Express." The Marquis of Hartington is 50 years of age, and still unmarried. There were once four flies, and, as it happened, they were hungry one morning. The first set tled upon a sausage of singularly appetising ap pearance. and made a hearty meal. But he speedily died of intestinal inflammation, for the sausage was adultered with aniline. The se cond fly breakfasted upon flour, and forthwith succumbed to contraction of the stomach, ow ing to the inordinate quantity of alum with which the flour had been adulterated. The third fly was slaking his thirst with the contents of the milk-jug, when violent cramps suddenly con vulsed his frame, and he soon gave up the ghost, a victim to chalk adulteration. Seeing this, the fourth fly, muttering to himself, "The sooner it's over the sooner to sleep, alighted upon a moist ened sheet of paper exhibiting the counterfeit presentment of a death's head, and the inscrip tion ' Fly poison.' Fearlessly applying the tip of his proboscis to this device, the fourth fly drank to his heart's content, growing more vig orous and cheerful at every mouthful, although expectant of his end. But he did not die. On the contrary, he throve and waxed fat. You see, even the fly poison was adulterated." We read that the newest, or newest but one, fashion in Paris for ladies is to wear beaded stockings — beaded from the ankle to the knee. These mueh-twinkling hosen, which are very pretty, but awfully dear, will probably find scant ' encouragement. Ladies, who will spend twenty five pounds on the beaded embroidery on their stockings, probably intend that they shall be seen. Does this apply also to the very costly and elaborate garter-buckles we have lately studied — now don't interrupt — studied in the shop windows ? A lady asked a gentleman how his whiskers, once grey, came to be black. " Oh 1" he said. " I dyed them to please my wife." " If you had wanted to please your wife," came the rejoinder, " you'd long ago have died yourself." The pavagraphers tell of a countryman who, on seeing the yacht Psyche, exclaimed ; " P-s-y-c-h-e ! Gosh 1 What a way to spell fish 1" A telegraphic cable is to be laid between Lis bon and the United States, touching at the Azores. Venice and Amsterdam are the cities of bridges. The first has 450. the last 300, London has 15, Vienna 20, and Berlin will soon have 50. Alto gether the most beatiful and striking bridge in Europe is that over the Moldau at Prague. London waiters' perquisites include the brand ed champagne corks, for which there is a regu lar sale. Whether used by nigger minstrels or by makers of bogus wines is not stated. The English gained three distinct successes in the international contests on 16th September — the boat race with Hillsdale, the Creedmore rifle match, and the cricket match with the Austra- lians. The matches drawn in favor of the Australians were those with Liverpool Club and Gloucester (second match). Those drawn even, were — Yorkshire (first match), Nottingham (first match) and I Zingari. Matches drawn against the colo nial heroes were those with Orleans Club, Mary- leboue. Yorkshire (third match), United Eleven at Derby, United South (second match), and Shaw's team (second match). The four lost games were those with Cambridge University, Players, Cambridge United, and North of Eng land. Three cheers for the ' colonials I" The record is an exceedingly good one, even taking the drawn games into account, but it must not be forgotten that this Australian team played only eleven-a side matches, and that consequent ly those against Sussex. Surrey, Derbyshire, Lei cester, Northampton, Northumberland, Gentle men of Scotland, Somersetshire, and West of Scotland, were moral certainties. In fact, as the Melbourne Age very fairly observes : — " Re sults have been pretty equally divided so far as the important contests are concerned, and neither side have great cause to feel dissatisfied with the part their representatives have played in the campaign. In the majority of the matches the disparity in strength of the opposing teams was so apparent that the result was a foresrone con- clusion, and victories such "as these must in sim ple justice to representative English cricketers, be ganged at their proper value." The Home tour of the third Australian cricket ing team which has visited England having now come to an end we submit details of the matches played by them in the Old Country. It will be seen that they played 38 matches, the result of which may be summarised as follows : — Matches won 23 „ drawn in favor 2 „ drawn even , 3 „ drawn against 6 „ lost 4 Total 38 \- -The matches won were those with Oxford, Sussex, Surrey, Lancashire, Derbyshire, York shire (second match), Gentlemen of England, United South of England, Leicester, Northamp ton, Middlesex, Yorkshire (fourth match). York shire (fifth match), Northumberland, Gentlemen of Scotland, Gloucester (first match), Kent, Somerset, All-England, Nottingham (second match), Shaw's team (first match), West of Scot land and Harrowgate. People who watch the course of events in the Legislative Assembly have not failed to notice the fear between Major Smith and the Speaker. The commendable and gallant member for Bal- larai is racner given to irritating remarxs, ana keeping up a running fire of comment during the delivery of speeches from his opponents. Mr. Lalor has of late lost no opportunity of " sitting upon " the gallant member, by repeatedly call ing him to order, on one occasion, threatening " to mane him " if he persisted on his " disor derly conduct." The senior mem bar for Balla- rat is very sore at what he considers his unjust treatment. Sooth to say, Mr. Lalor is not show ing the amount of gratitude for favours received. When last he was , fighting for his seat in the Grant electorate, the Mayor did yeoman's service on behalf of Mr. Lalor, in the mining districts of Egerton and Gordon. Bat nevermore will he lend assistance to secure the Speaker's return. On the contrary, unless a great change comes o'er the spirit of the Mayor's dream, he will, from present appearances, make matters unpleasantly warm for his whilom friend, when that gentle man next is compelled to face his constituents. Some English speculators see a chance of mak ing something out of the misfortunes of Egypt, and are preparing a scheme for rebuilding Alex andria on a much more splendid scale than it was built before. As soon as Arabi need no longer be counted with, there will be a good opening in Egypt for enterprise. Not even fob a Countryman !-g-An Irish sentry on duty at Haslar gunboat ship, seeing a boat coming up the creek toward the landing- place at night, hailed it with " Who goes there ?" The reply not being satisfactory to the Irishman he again hailed it. This time the answer was " Prince Leiningen." " The which ?" asked Pat. " Prince Leiningen," was again the reply. " Be- gorra,-' sang out Pat, "Finch Linigan or no Finch Linigan, ye don't land here 1" — and land H.S.H. did not. A fauny story is told of - a war of words which came off at a late meet, of the Meath hounds. A burly grazier and a diminutive Dublin doctor came to a fence almost simultaneously. The grazier hesitated. " Push on ahead, sir, please 1" cried the doctor. The big bucolic man turned and said laughingly, " I never knew a bantam yet that didn't want to crow over every bird in the barnyard." The ready repartee was fatal — " I never knew a Cochin-CMna yet that was worth the food it ate I" A phonograph was part of a recent exhibition in Cairo 111. A sheet of tinfoil had been placed in the apparatus ready to be used; but an enemy of the manager had replaced it by another, and when the crank was turned the phonograph said, " This show is a fraud, and the manager is " At that point the man at the crank stopped. A certain lawyer was compelled to apologise to the court. With stately diginity he rose in his place, and said, " Your lordship is right and I am wrong, as your lordship generally is." There was a dazard look in judge's eye, and he hardly new whether to feel happy or fine the lawyer for what on second "thoughts appeared to be a plain contempt of court. Charles Lamb once went to a city dinner with a friend who engaged to take him home" after" the conclusion of the banquet. When the ban quet was over, he was reminded of his promise. "But where do you live?" Lamb was asked. " That's your affair," said Lamb. " You under took to see me home, and 111 hold you to your bargin;" and the unlucky man had to go all over Islington in a coach until he found out somebody who knew Lamb's, home. Ingestre Hall, the seat of the Earl of Shrews bury, has been burnt. The loss was £500,000. News comes from England that Mr Barry Sullivan has allowed himself to be nominated for Parliament by an Irish constituency in the Home Rule interest. Mr. C. Piazzi Smyth, the Astronomer-royal of Scotland, in particular, has made no secret of bis belief that the-end of the world is at hand. The Rev. Henry Ward Beecher's farewell ad dress on retiring from the congregation shows that in effect he denies the inspiration of the Scriptures, the orthodoxy of the doctrines of the fall and atonement, and also the doctrine of general punishment, at which he scoffed. Telegraphic communication between Callao, Peru, the United States, and Europe was estab lished on the 5th inst. A lively quarrel has been going on lately in Queensland between rival pianoforte importers. Messrs. Brinsmead and Co., by their agent, of fered a bet of £1000 as to the comparative excel lency of their instruments, whereupon Messrs. Beale and Co., a local 'firm have thrown down the guage of battle to the extent of £20,000. This is heavy wagering. The Lord Bishop of Rochester, England, ac companied by Robert Graham, secretory of the Church Temperance Society, is visiting the Western States of America. Oscar. Wilde war arrested at the instance of St. John's (New Burnswick) Young Men's Christian Association for breach of contract. He settled the case by paying £100. The American Humane Society offer a reward of 500 doL for a painless brand for cattle. 