Light and Shade. BY ENDYMION. SOME of our north-western pioneers are in an awkward predicament. They're not exactly out of their latitude, but their longitude is what puzzles them, and, although three or four survey parties have been there lately, no one can tell for certain whether he is in Queens land or South Australia. They went to the Minister for Lands about it the other day, but he didn't show them much sympathy—told them, in fact, that if they would get into such out-of-the-way places it was no fault of his, and they'd have to do the best they could. In eighteen months or two years' time, when the telegraph wire got out to Boulia, something might be done. In the meantime, although Sheaffe said he thought the line could be run for a matter of ten thousand or so, Perkins wouldn't look at it at the price, and they were obliged to accept the inevitable. How long will the people of the Never-Never sit down under the galling influence of this great wrong? It may be a very small matter to a Queen-street Ministry whether the Never-Never is in South Australia or Queensland, but how would they like to have the same dread uncertainty always hanging over themselves? Only a short time ago a block of land was sold up there, for and wheti the purchaser sent down to Brisbane to take out the deeds he was told there was no such place in Queensland, so I suppose he'll have to send to Adelaide next. How is it pos sible for a man to develop feelings of patriotism when he doesn't even know what country he belongs to ? Why, he can't even tell where to pay his rent, and if he doesn't adopt the Irish system he'll be certain to try Brisbane, as the Queensland rents are about one-fifth of those charged in the other colony. I believe if the people up there were allowed a voice in the matter they would vote this question intensely more important than the Irish land laws and the Egyptian puzzle put together. I see that my old friend O'Reily Pasha has been sentenced to death, and that through British clemency his sentence has been com muted to exile. O'Reily seems satisfied, and I suppose I ought not to complain, but all along I have been of opinion that he was more sinned against than sinning. He may have had per sonal ambitions, and been groping to their ac complishment in a stupid sort of fashion. But why should he not have ambitions? The dynasty of the Khedive is not so ancient nor its origin so illustrious that a man like O'Reily should be afraid to "reform" the whole con cern, as many an adventurer has before him done, with his sword for the principal instru ment. Besides, there is no doubt on my mind that O'Reily was all the time acting under in structions from Stamboul, and was loyal to the Power which he regarded as his highest au thority. About his patriotism I know nothing, nor does it matter beyond this, that the poor wretches of Egyptian peasantry could not be more harassed by him than they have already been. But the question now is, what to do with him. He is condemned to exile, and it is believed will be sent to some British possession. I wouldn't like to have to decide which British possession. It wouldn't do to send him to St. Helena. France and the ghosts of the Old Guard would arise to avenge the insult. He is more of the Schamyl or Abd-el-Kadir style of captive, and, while it would be a pity to pinion him on some bleak arid rock, it may not be wise to let this son of the desert have too much range. Happy thought! Let him be appointed a commissioner to collect arrears of rent in Ireland. If, with his experience, he cannot do that work, then no man can; and if while in the discharge of his duty some Fenian puts him through a course of land league treatment, the empire will be relieved of a serious responsibility. "Britons never will be slaves!" So runs the old song, but young Australians evidently intend to be neither slaves nor servants, pre ferring to be masters, and have wages paid them into the bargain. Sad to relate, there exist in Brisbane a few men with souls so dead as even to wear livery at the will of a bloated aris tocracy, but it is evidently a state of things not yet imagined up Gladstone way, as the follow ing story will testify:- One of the budding and precocious specimens of the country, employed as a nondescript "generally useful," was told to accompany his master and mistress out riding. With native modesty the youth joined his company to theirs, and was then politely re quested to ride behind. Alas, for a freeborn Australian, he said nothing, but brooded over thoughts of dire vengeance, which, on hia return home, culminated in the superfluous courtesy of his giving notice and leaving then and there. Remonstrance being made to the youth's father, the full extent of his indignity was revealed to the astonished employer— " What, my son to ride behind! No, sir, he is the wrong colour to do anything of the kind." After this the Anti-Coolie League had better close up. A kanaka, coolie, or any other nigger might put up with the indignity of riding behind his master or mistress and manage to survive it, but a Queenslander never, sir—no, never ! Among the perils of our street*, the steam roller has for some time been a rolling nuisance to equestrians. It invariably turns up when least expected, and at the most awkward moment possible. Now, however, there is a worse danger in store for them, and anyone who has seen the junior member for North Brisbane urging on hia tricycle to headlong speed will confess that even the pilot of the steam-roller cannot hold a candle to him. Now, Brookes on kanakas is bad, Brookes on coolies is worse, but Brookes on a tricycle is worst of all. He may ride the first two hobbies of his to death if he like* ; I, as one of the public, am accustomed to them ; but I mightily object to his riding his latest craze, at least in public. It might be the death of us, for, though horse may overcome their repugnance to the Bteam roller, a wellbred animal must draw the line Bomewhere, and mine draws it at Mr. Brookes and his tricycle. Surely an application should at once bo made to Mr. Justice Harding to issue a mandamus, a rule nisi, or some other legal document, to compel Mr. Brookes to keep to coolies and kanakas till Parliament meets, when he will probably find some fresh hobby to ride to his own satisfaction and the amuse ment of all concerned. I don't know whether Fred Cooper has re ceived a special retainer from the Port Douglas section of his constituents; but if the written opinion which he has sent them through their local journal has been furnished without valuable consideration ho certainly is not the man I took him for. The Port Douglas people have evidently "submitted the case" of the expected visit of the Premier to what is one day destined to be "the finest port in Aus tralia," and have asked his opinion as to the course of procedure, and he has given it them with great exactness, though I should say that its publication must to some extent have de stroyed its value. Of course the Premier was to be interviewed, and the deputations must go straight for wharves and dredging. It appears that at present the port lacks two essentials—wharves and water; so that the new hopper dredge about to be brought out from England is to be seized and set to work on the Inlet. The old dredge has been at work a long time trying to give the inlet a depth of 4ft. at low tide ; but when the new dredge comes, 16ft. of water and ocean-going steamers may be expected in the course of a week. The deputation was also to insist on the immediate survey of a line to Herberton, with a branch to Northcote and Thornborough. Then, lest the advantages of a little oil of flattery should be lost sight of, the deputation are advised to congratulate the Premier on some of the main features of his policy, some of which are men tioned, though innate modesty compels the counsel for the deputationists to avoid all reference to the great work of revising tho statutes of the colony which will hereafter ranjt as one of the greatest achievements of the M'llwraithian era. The secretary of the Brisbane Hospital acknow ledges the receipt from Captain Heath of £1— "conscience money." On reading the above advertisement in the Courier the other day, I was struck with as tonishment. Has it come to this, methought, that the gallant captain's conscience is troubled by the memory of some youthful indiscretion ? Did he, when a jolly young tar, ever rob the Government? Did he enter into companion ship with the smuggler or other evil- doer, and defraud the Government to the extent of a one pound note ? We all know him now as a most exemplary liquidator of just obligations. What, then, is this particular cupboard skeleton which he has at last resolved to combat by " giving the devil his due ?" A friend gives me an explanation of the riddle, which I present for what it is worth. In his capacity as chairman of the Marine Board, tho gallant commander had extracted the conscience money under the following cir cumstances :—Some foreigner had ventured to presume that the Marino Board of Queensland had its price, and must be approached with gifts. So, desiring to get an officer's certificate, he tried to tip the examiner with the sum of £2. Being court- martialed for this heinous offence, the unhappy wretch pleaded that he had only fol lowed the custom of his country, and that " What ze Engliae calls bribery he did not in tend." The board took a merciful view, gave back the offender one note, and confiscated the other for the benefit of the hospital. And this is how the captain's conscience came to be troubled. Were Endymion Captain Heath, R.N., which unhappily he is not, he would re solve to make no incriminating admissions henceforward. At least, he would not too readily assume, occasionally, the attitude of a conscience-stricken sinner. "Sic transit gloria mundi/" must have ex claimed the gentlemen of tho Venus Transit Expedition stationed at Jimbour as Thursday morning, the long- prepared-for 7th December, broke with a leaden sky. The expedition, how ever, should bear its disappointment patiently, and recollect that everything comes to him who waits. There will be another transit in 120 years—unless the prophecy that the comet now in sight will return and burst up the sun next year should be fulfilled—and a century or two, although something considerable in tho life of a man, is as nothing in the life of a planet. The members of the Queensland " Hansard" staff did not separate for the recess without deciding to, in some shape, show their esteem for their worthy chief, Mr. D. F. Jones. Last year their good feeling was expressed at a supper, at which several gentlemen connected with the Parliamentary staff in various posi tions were present. This year they have chosen to group themselves around their chief and be photographed in his honour and for their pleasure. The work was executed at Deazelcy's, and is on the whole a successful picture. The ordinary photographs have been taken up amongst members of the staff, and a much en larged picture, very handsome and tastefully mounted, has been presented to Mr. Jones. We have seen both, and on the whole the picture is a success. Some of the group, and notably the centre figure, are striking likenesses, while others, as in all such work where separate cabinet pictures arc not at first taken, have not been quite successful. Considerations of this sort do not, however, affect the main and very agreeable fact that the picture is a testi mony from the " Hansard staff of the esteem felt by its members for their chief, and of his pleasure in receiving so genuine a proof of that feeling. The Customs revenue collected at the port of Normanton during the month of November amounted to £"2053. The amount collected during the corresponding period of last year was £1140. 