MYRTLE Mc MURTRY'S LOVE. ' Myrtle, dear ? ' ' 'Yes, George, what is it ? ' replied' the girl, glancing shyly upward. The radiant glory of a summer moon shone down upon the earth this June night, bathing in all its mellow splendour the leafy, branches 'of the sturdy old oaks that had for centuries shaded the entrance to Castle Mc Murtry, arid laughed defiance to the fierce gales that every winter came howling down in all their cruel force and-fury from the moorlands lying to the westward of the castle. On the £dge of the broad demesne that stretched away to the - south stood a large 'brindle cow, and as the moonlight flecked with silvery lustre her star-board ribs she seemed to Myrtle a perfect picture of sweet .content and almost holy calm. ' Is it not a beautiful night, dearest ? ' . . murmured the girl. tc See how the moon beams flutter down through the trees, making strange lights and shadows that flit among the shrubs and flowers in such a weird, ghost-like fashion. The dell is indeed clothed in loveliness to-night, sweetheart.' ' Yes,' said George W. Simpson, 'this is the boss dell.' And then, looking down into the pure, innocent face that was lifted to his, he took in his own broad, third-base palm the little hand that erstwhile held up Myrtle's polonaise. As they stood there ' silently in the bosky glade George passed his arm silently but firmly around Myrtle's waist. The noble girl did not shy. ' Do you love me, sweetheart ? ' lie. asked in accents that were tremulous with tremulousness. Myrtle's head was drooping now, and the rosy blushes of Calumet Avenue innocence were chasing each other across her peachy cheeks. George drew her more closely to him. If a mosquito had tried to pass between them then it would have been bad— for the mosquito. ' Can you doubt me, darling ? ' he whispered. 'You surely must know 'that I love you wit]i a wild, passionate, wlioa Erama love, that can never die. Do you not love me a little in return ? ' For an instant the girl did not speak. George heard the whisldng of the brindle cow's tail break in rudely upon the solemn stillness of the night, and ever and anon came the dull thud of the bullfrog as lie jumped into a neighbouring pond. Presently Myrtle placed her arm^ around his neck, and with a wistful, baby's-got-the-cramp look in her sweet face, she said to him I love yon, George, with a deathless devotion that will eventually keep you broke.' And with these fateful words she adjusted her rumpled bang and fearlessly led the way to an ice-cream lair. — From How Suckers £#te in Chicago, by Joseph Medill, the Chicago Tribune novelist. 