' ST. JOHN'S SUNDAY SCHOOL NEW TOWN. w The interesting ceremony of laying the foundations ' stone of St John's Sunday School, at New Town, was performed on Friday afternoon by His Lordship Bishop Bromby, in the presence of a number of the principal residents in the district For some time past the Sunday school In connection with St. John's Church has had to be held in one of the galleries of the church, there being no building set apart for school purposes. The inconvenience of this state of affairs has been greatly felt, and sometime ago it was determined to make an effort to remedy it, and the incumbent of the parish, Canon Mason, aided by those most closely connected with the welfare of the church, determined to set about collecting funds with this object. So well did they succeed that some short time since it was resolved to commence the work, and accordingly plans were drawn up by Mr. E. C. Bown tree, architect, and the erection of the building was entrusted to Mr, Frederick Reynolds, builder and contractor, of New Town. The foundations have been laid and already portions of the walls have been raised. The material used is square, hammer-dressed free- stone, When finished Its interior dimensions will be 40ft by 24ft, with walls 12ft in height above the foundation. The walls will be pierced by eight windows including that in the porch, and there will be a fire-place at each end of the room. The school will be used around the walls on the interior with pine ' boards, to a height of 4ft, the remainder of the surface being plastered. A gable roof, with two louvres, will shelter it, and it is calculated to accommodate with comfort 200 children. The situation of the school is one of the most healthful and picturesque that could have been selected, the site being upon an elevation to the left of the invalid depot Looking down on the valley can be seen the suburban residences of citizens with their orchards and flower gardens in the middle distance the river broadening out into a reach of water that at first glance might be taken to be a lake; and in the extreme distance the thickly wooded hill. At the back lies Mount Wellington with its constantly changing panorama of mist and cloud, sunshine and snow. The elevation is well wooded, and amongst the weather beaten gums to the south of the school is a graveyard, with many white memorial slabs. As the hour of 3 approached a number of spectators assembled in the vicinity of the church and partly erected school. From the top of the church tower floated, almost touching the once-gilt hands of the clock, St. George's ensign, and at other points of vantage on the way to the scene of the ceremony bunting had also been hoisted. From tree to tree lines of flags had been hoped, so as to enclose the walls with a band of many colours. In the meantime the children attending the Sunday school had assembled in the church, the Bishop and Dean having arrived, with many of the clergy, the procession was formed. The girls, dressed in gala costume, many of the little ones in white, with broad ribbons of blue or pink, and all bearing bouquets of flowers, passed through the church, and took up a position behind two standard-bearers, who had their work to bear up in the breeze the handsome new banner of the school, most generously subscribed for and worked by ladies of the congregation. Then followed the boys, headed by a banneret, bearing a white cross upon a crimson ground. Next the choir, also headed by a similar banner, both of which had been presented with the principal one to the school. The last to file out through the Gothic door were the clergymen, as' follow«:-TheRev«. Murray. Wilhuer, H. Williams, Finnis, Greville, Gray, Fookes, Shoobridge, L'Oste, and McDowell ; then Canons Bailey, Smith, and Mason, the Dean, and the Bishop, The procession moved on to the building, and as it was neared hymn I 390 (Hymns Ancient and Modern), " Brightly gleams our banner, was commenced, and continued till all had a ascended the temporary platform erected within the partly-built wall. ' A structure had been reared over the north corner of the building, to enable the stone to be placed in position by means of rope and windlass. On the stone were placed a steel trowel, with an ebony stained handle, a polished cedar mallet, a square, and level. A cavity was made in the underlying stone, in which could be deposited a glass flask, containing certain records of the time. In it, before being sealed up, had been placed a document, setting out in formal terms the occasion which it recorded, the words Land Deo closing the brief chronicle, a copy of the Church News for the present month, a copy of Thursday's Mercury, and the coins of the realm from a halfpenny to a shilling. The members of the procession having taken their places on the platform, the office for laying the foundation-stone was opened. Psalm xxiii was chanted, and prayers were offered up. The beautiful hymn, " The Church's one foundation is Jesus Christ the Lord," was sung, the choir being accompanied on a harmonium kindly lent for that purpose by Mr. J. Withrington. Then, all things having been made ready by the architect and builder, the Bishop spread the same upon the under stone, the flask, with its records having been placed in the cavity, and the foundation-stone being lowered into its place, the BISHOP tried it with the mallet, square and level, and pronouncing it to have been well and truly laid, said 2-in the faith of Jesus Christ, we place this stone in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, that here true faith, the fear of God, and brotherly love may dwell and that this place may be set apart for the instruction of the young in holy things, and for the honour of the name of the same our Lord Jesus Christ, who liveth and reigneth with the Father and the Holy Ghost, one God, world without end. Then a psalm was chanted, and prayer was offered up, At this point the BISHOP addressed those present, calling their attention to the charge of the Lord Jesus Christ, that the little ones should be brought up in the fear of God. It was their duty to bring them up in the nurture of the Lord. Christ, when he gathered the children about him asked no question as to the character of their parents, but judged by the character shown in bringing them to his feet AU was unconditional; the little children were brought to him, and be placed his hand upon them. Such was the foundation of the Christian Church, and the foundation also of the spiritual privileges of the little children of their parish, and such also was the spirit in which they had laid the foundation of the school that day on which the Divine blessing was Invited. He impressed upon them the necessity of completing the work they had begun on behalf of the little ones whom the Lord Jesus Christ had taken up in his beloved arms, and had said " Inasmuch as C have done it unto one of the least of these, my three, ye have done it unto Me." A hymn was then sung, during which a collection, amounting to 917 12s., was taken up, and the benediction having been pronounced by the Bishop, the procession was reformed and marched back to the church, where it dispersed. __________________ Philosophers say that closing the eyes makes the sense of hearing more acute. A wag suggests that this accounts for the many eyes that shone in our churches on Sunday, ??, 