INTEECOLOJN'IAL ITEMS. A sunfish weighing a ton has been captured off Manly Boach (N.S.W.) Hanlan, tho famous eoullor, intends to visit Australia in tho fall of 1883. Musical instruments contributed ovor£18,000 to last year's rovenuo of Victoria. A homo and training suhool for nurses is about to be established in Sydney. Tho land sales in South Australia for tho last fow mou'hs show a crcat fnlline off. The Tasmanian Parliament sal four months last soscion, and passed fifty-thrco bills. The bricks loft on the ruins of tho Garden Palaco, Sydney, havo beon sold for £976. ' The whoat crops around Armidale aro ox pecterl to average thirty bushols per aero. Two moro State school teacher*, in Victoria have boon dismissed for. falsifying rolls. Tho vineyards v in tho district of- Albury (N SAY.) are in a very promising condition. The, ton hours' system has now becomo gene rally recognised in tho bakery trado in Mol Dournb. A vbry rich, discovery has boon mado in the Now Young Colonial Claim, : at Anderson's Creok (V), ? . . In CBn8cqucnce of recent frosts ttorie fruits aro u failurp this year in somo parts of Now Zealand Furmors inVictoria complain, bii'tqrly of tho scarcity ,cf, labour which prevents them reaping their .corn. ? '. Thb sum of £30,000 has been spent in Vic toria in destroying tho phylloxera, and it is not yet eradicated. ? A' school teacher in Now Fouth Wales has been detectbd in falsifying tlio rolls, and dis missod therefor. ThoBov, Dr. Stophcnspn, a distingnishod English AVesloyan .minister, who is making a tour to tho colonies, ia now in Sydney. A resolution in favour of Bible reading in Stato .schools' waj carried by a largo majority at a meeting held at Prahran (V.) last wrek. The Presbytorian Genoral Assembly of Vio tpria liave determined to send a minister or evangelist to West Australia for twelve months. Captain Elliott h»a been fined throe times thn valno of a diamond uin which ho eold nnd delivered at Portland (V.) without paying duty on it. By the. last English mail tho Gippsland Mercury received a packot from a woll-known London firm, addressed 'Gippsland, Queens land.' 1 ho Government of Tasmania havo beon authorised by tho legislative to spend £10,000 per annum on immigration during the next three years. Tho Victorian Society f«r tho Protection of Animals last year received contributions amounting to £292 5a. 5d., and expended £208 4a. lid. There has been a good deal of excilement in Nowcastlo (N.S.W.) oyer tho discovery of tho Stockton coal seam, which is 14 feet thick, and closo to deep water. Tho farmers around Kadina (8. A.) have re solved to petition tho Govprnmont to supply them with water, because they find self hpip in this particular very irksome. An insolvent contractor named Samuel Burton was last week coinaniltod to gaol in Molbouriio for prevarication. Ho did thrco days for a similar offonce a month ago. Throo men have been lined in nominal sums by thu Brunswick (V.) Police Court Bench for inducing a publican to sorvp thoin by roprp aenting' that thoy wpro travellprs. Thp Macleay Herald (N.a.W.) slates that the son of a resident thoro has aohiovod ' great and' dosorved prosperity.' This prosperous son is an alderm-in of Townsville. Thoro are at presont pmployod in the State schools of Victoria 1,707 head teachers, 891 assistants, KOI work mistresses, and 1,444 pupil teachors, er a fptal of 4,403 persons. Tho Women's Christian Tompoianco Union of yydnoy is oblaiuirig signatures topetiiion praying for legislation against females being omployod at tho barn of public-houses A misorly follow, who has been aleoping about thu wharvoB at Kewcastlo for the last eighteen months, was discovered to havo nearly £ 1 00 in cash concealed about his person. Tho .Now Zoaland i-hipping Company have arranged for a monthly sttam sorvice to .Kng land, and uro contracting for tho building of a fleet of 4,000-ton refrigerator steel steamers. Thb Australasian roports that a jury at tho Cohtral- Criminal Court in Melbourno last weok, held as an extomiating circumstance to tho crimp pf purjury that thp offondor was a Gor man Jew. Matthow Burneth, the temperance reformer, has concluded his mission in South Australia, where ho claims to have induced 82,500 porsons to sign the pledge, and ia npw gping to West Australia. A number of ladios aro ondeavpuring to bring about u change in tho mode of soiling fruit in Sydney, so that tho produco of gardens and orchards may roach tho consumer fresh and unbruiscd. Tho Melbourno Daily Telegraph commoncos a leading article with thp r.thpr suggestivp questien, 'Does ii'iybody in tho Railway Dp partment know anything aboutthe railway, and, if ep, who is ho ?' ' Two men, named rsspoctivoly Millor and Donaldson, had a dispute about a piece of timber atthol'ambo(V.) on tho 19th Novembor, wlien tho latter took up a doublo barrel gun and ' shot Miller in tho boot.' Tho wife and obild of a man named Murdoch Morrison havo boen drownod in a tank near Burra, 'South Australia. It. is supposed that the child fell in, and that the mother jumppd in and attempted to rescue it. The National Agricultural Society of Victoria offer premiums of £50 and £20 respectively for thp best and second best designs for fencing and laying out their, grounds at flcmington, and for buildings to bo orected thereon. Coloured labour ia not to bo confined to tho north of Queensland. Mr. T. Palmor, ef Tppram; near Warrnambool (V.), has imported twonty-eight cop'ioa, whe arp undpr a flvp years' engagement, and are employed on genoral farm work. To the remark made by Mr. I?airhurst in tho Church Congress that in Melbourno ' the rich wore getting richer, and tho poor pooror,'' tto X)i-nop 01 i^orcnora t£ueor.Bjaiia repuea cnac ' any competent artisans could oarn 16a. per day in his diocese.' Mr. Joseph Feloher, a member of the Wimmora Sliiro Council (V.), was recently fined la. and ihree guineas costs, at tho Horsham police oourt for persisting in speaking at a meoting of the council aftor being rulod out of ordor by th» president. An opon air meeting was convoned in M--1- bourno for tho 23rd November 'to consider tho present unsatisfactory oondition of tho labour ing classes.' Aftor waiting for somo timo four malcontents attended, and tho convener do 'clured the meeting adjourned. In hie olection addreaj, Mr. M'KJhone Iibb thb following characteristic and picturesque paragraph : '.-' Tliank God there is no liopo of escape from responsibility by means of religious cries and howls, and organisations', and ghosts, and silly dovilry of that kind.' Captain K. 0. Covonoy, of tho Blaok Wateh .Bogimeut of Bpyal lilghlandors, who is mon .tioned in tho list of the wounded in thp Kgyp tiau warj is a native of Sydney, and belongs to a. well-known family in that oily. Captain Covenuy eervedwith distinction in tho Ashantoo .,war. ' . '' # ' ' ' ', ' ..,, A wholesale'ohemist?in Sydney rocoivod a 'mkper Iby «tbo lost mail,' addrossod ' Sydney, Fiji, Islands.': ; i-Wa'si!it ithe writor of that letter who told, one of tho rocontly-arrived Weslbj an Ministers as ho was leaving homo, that ho would find' it very diflloult to loam our ?language?.' '. ,' ;?? Tut Hamilton Spectator (V ) writes: — 'A liawk's nest was recontly brought to tho ground by felling iho tree in which it had been built, on' tho Hon. T. Bromoll's estate, Hensloy Park. On examination there woro found in it two young hawks, and a largo collection of bones, showing tho youngsters had beon woll provided for by tho parent birds. Thoro were fconoj of hareo, a skeleton of a lamb, and the carcase of a full-grpwn, medium-sized shoop, on which operations had but recently boon commenced.1 At tho Walcannia (N.S.W.) Quartor Sessions John Dickenson was sontoncod to seven ycara' for shooting at allrs. Carsowoll in a fit of jealousy. Sir W. Malcolm, of Gawler, (8.A.), bolioves that tho export of ostrioh feathors from that colony will, within a year, reach £500,000. Ho has chartered avessol to bring 100 ostriches from tho Capo. In Sydney a few days back a brutal fellow took up a boy of 11 years, who had enrag. d him, by tho legs, and dashed his head against tho korb. Tho follow was immediately mobbed, and would have boon lynched had not tho police kindly interfered. They arrested him, but took no names of witnesses, and tho injurod boy could not afterwards bo found. Mr. Krnest Morrison, tho writer of tho articles now appearing in tho Leader, under the heading ' A Cruise in a Queensland Slaver,' is evidently a gentleman fond of ad vonture. On orra occasion ho distinguished himself by walking from Adelaide to Goelong, and on another by going down the Murray 1,500 miles alono in a Hob Boy canoe. Queensland is not the only colony in which tho appointment of Sir J. Popo Hennessy as governor would bo unpopular. In touth Australia, whon it became known that Sir William Jervoia had accepted tho position of Governor of Mow Zoaland, ' Great anxiety was oxprp-spd as woll as fear lest Sir Popo Hen nessy should bo appointed his successor.' At an election meeting lust week, Sir Honrj Parkos eaid that Mr. ctuart, leador of the Op position, who all ono Fri'ay waited for tho Governor's message, reminded him of the well knoffn lines of the poet Moore: — Ono mom a Pori at tho gato Of Eden sat disconsolate) ; Ho wopt to tbink be could not win An opening whero bo could slip in. 