EARLY AND LATER ART. in Jtrasers Magazine tor J uiy an attempt is made to account for the anachronisms and inaccuracies which to our modern eyes are blemishes in the works of the Old Masters. Tnis proceeded partly trcm tne aDsorpcion oi the artist in the one large idea of his piece, and partly from the demands of the time, which preferred the mixture of things familiar with things remote or imaginative. The same influences acted on other branches of art. There are English 16th century peasants, citizens,' and artisans as the back ground of Shakspeare's Greek, Roman, and Italian historical plays. The stories of the Renaissance — both those of words and of painting — have contradictions, in fact jumbles, in time and place, and broken-up and sadly confused allegories all through hem. Mr. Vernon Lee, in 'Apollo the Fiddler, a Chapter on Artistic Anachronism,' gives us one of his subtle studies to account for the fact that Raphael painted Apollo as a fiddler, when he knew that the violin was the most modern, the most unantique of instruments. In the fresco over the prison-cell window of the Signature-room of the Vatican there is to be seen by patient painstaking eyes the ghost-haunted slopes of Parnassus. Poets, bearded regal men with filleted heads, and robed youths with laurel wreaths in their long hair, and the Muses seated, with lyre and flute, in gowns of white and green and tawny- red, and beneath the straight-stemmed laurels, with the streams bubbling and the flowers opening between his naked feet, King Apollo, seated, with his bow in his hand and his fiddle against his cheek, Raphael was of all men least likely to be guilty of the sin of ignorance. But there is in all the art of great periods a sad absence of logic, at least of the logic which we expect. People did not then ask for perfect realization, or for an artistic fac simile of a character, or an event. - The public which crowded the Globe Theatre in Shakspeare's days did .not ask for a reali zation of a tyrant, as Becky Sharp is the realization of an adventuress, or of a tale of murder, as any novel of Gaboriau is its reali zation. They merely wished to be interested and delighted, and a certain proportion of rough psychologic portraiture, a certain proportion of loosely narrated 'story, a certain amount of passionate expression, of philoso phic rhetoric, of poetic magnificence, of trap-door and magic-lantern horror, did succeed in interesting and delighting them as in ' Macbeth,' ' Hamlet,' and the ' Duchess of Malfy.' And the same with painting. The most subtle Florentine public did not ask for a realization of a Scripture story, or an episode in history such as Alma Tadema's * Ave Caesar,' or Morelli's ' Raising of Jairus's Daughter.' The people of the Renaissance were satisfied with a figure or two which they could recognise as St. Peter, or St. Paul, or the Pro-Consul, or the priest 'of Apollo, with the traditional costume belonging to them, the general ex pression or exhortation or prayer, or com mand or terror, which might convey to their mind some idea of their action ; and then they were satisfied that Masaccio, or Filippino, or Ghirlandaio should surround the whole scene of altercationorofmiraclewithagroupof Greek soldiers, of medieval men at arms, of robed scholars and magistrates, of ladies in brocade stomachers, and nymphs in antique draperies, of pretty dandies in kilted tunics and striped hose, of people with baskets, of dogs and horses and musical instruments, all looking in no particular direction, with plenty of vine trellises, perspective streets, peacocks, bas reliefs, with arches of rock overgrown with trees, and framing views of towered towns at a distance. The art of great periods is nothing but a decoration; it is not meant logically to coalesce all its elements into a faithful reproduction or imitation of the real. Perhaps there is more anomaly in painting archaeological pictures, writing historical tragedies, and composing geographical operas than there was in showing Apollo among the muses and poets, fiddling away on the summit of Parnassus. As a counterpart to this ingenious theory, and yet in some ways a corroboration of it, Miss Barrington, in the Fortnightly for the same month, tells us that modern art is suf fering from the absorption of our painters in their carefully minute efforts at accurate re production of what they see in the present and study in the past. If the public demands great art it will get it. It gets it sometimes without demanding it, and, sad to say, with out rightly appreciating it. Miss Barrington asks, 'Why is Mr. Millais our popular -painter?' He un doubtedly possesses that rare and un teachable power, the result of which is called genius ; bis art is also very national in its character, very English in its pre ference for what is pure in feeling and in the straightforward impression which his work gives. His art, however, so far as it attacks our imagination at all, attacks it through an impression of reality. If this comprised the inner as well as the outer man it would be all we could wish; but it is not reflective work. Hi* genius has unprofitably availed itself of the very unintellectual situation which modern popular taste has created in matters of art. It is not the realism which we find in such works as ' The Huguenots,' 'TheNorth- West Passage,' and ' Efiie Deans' that we would deprecate, but that which emanates chiefly from foreign schools of painting, but which has also destructively affected our own English school that it is a worthy aim for an artist to treat realism as an end in itself, instead of as a means of expression. It is the quality of distinction which public taste insists on less and less every day in all social concerns, and in all its amusements ; because rue distinction is a quality incompatible with hurry, and hurry is necessary in the ordinary commonplace life of most of us, where people greedily aim at crushing more excitement, business, and pleasure into the twenty -four hours than is Sossible to do justice to. The question why Ir. Millais is our most popular painter is shortly answered by 'To those who have shall be given.' That tke most commonplace, . superficial rendering of the most common place scenes^ is chosen more and more as subjects for pictures does not describe matters as bad as they are. It is exceptional power such as that of Mr. Millais used in the service of inadequate ideas which creates a low standard of art. It is not because we in the nineteenth century have not emotions as worthy, if not as vivid, as those possessed by the Greeks and Italians, but we have ceased to use art as a means of expression for the deeper and more serious part of our nature. We must remember that there must have been a frivolous, inadequate life going on in Greece and Italy in their great days, but their artists kne.w that that was not the life to translate into art. They had a rare sense and preference for distinction. Miss Bar rington believes that the state of things which she deplores is the result of the deter mined and conscious omission of the intel lectual quality in our art training. In the great days of Art, both in Greece and Italy, the loftiest intellects, as^well as the most accurate eyes and deftest* hands, were dedicated to Art. 