A DOGMA DISSECTED. (To the Editor of the Border Watch.) Sir,—In the Border Watch of the 26th of last month a letter appears signed "Ritualist," commenting on a discourse of the Rev. H. Williams, preached in the Church of the Holy Cross on the previous Sunday, in which reference was made to the doctrine of transubstantiation and as no one has con tradicted the arguments propounded by "Ritualist," without intending the slightest offence to Roman Catholics, I beg to offer a few strictures on his letter. He says:— "Now the doctrine of transubstantiation is the doctrine taught by the Roman Church since its foundation by Jesus Christ, and at no time has it receded from or added to its belief in the real presence." It is a pity that "Ritualist" did not mention the precise time when Jesus Christ founded the Roman Church. Had he done so be would have shed a great light on the history of that Church. Surely he could not have meant that our blessed Lord founded it at the last Supper. Well, if He did not, when did He do so? He could not have done so the next day, for He was crucified and buried. After His resurrection and up to the time of His ascension into heaven there was no Christian Church founded, neither, could there be before the descent of the Holy Ghost, which was consequent on Christ's ascension. John, 16th ch., 7th v.—"It is expedient for you that I go away, for if I go not away the Comforter will not come unto you ; but if I depart I Will send Him unto you." Before the descent of the Holy Ghost the apostles were in an upper room, for fear of the Jews. They were timid and afraid; they did not preach or attempt to found churches or Christian assemblies. I may mention that the word "church" is the popular rendering ol the Greek noun ekkleesia, which means an "assembly." Had the proper trans lation been given it would have prevented much confusion and misunderstanding in reading, the New,Testament. In the first chapter of Acts and 4th verse the apostles were commanded by their Divine Master not to depart from Jerusalem, but to wait for the promise of the Father, i.e., the Holy Ghost. They were quiescent as regards the preaching of the Gospel. But when the day of Pente cost was fully come they, were all filled with the Holy Ghost and preached Christ with boldness and confidence, St. Peter being the chief speaker, so that about three thousand Jews were converted and baptized, who also continued steadfastly in the apostles' doc trine and fellowship, and in breaking ol bread, and in prayer." This was the first Christian church orr assembly that was founded in the world ; founded by the apostles inspired by the Holy Ghost, who was Christ's substi tute on earth ; He being the glorified man sitting at the right hand of God on His Father's throne in heaven. If the Roman Church was founded by Him, where was it then? In the 4th of Acts and 4th v. the number of converts had increased to about three thousand; 5th ch., 11th v:—"Great fear fell upon all the Church, &c.;" 6th ch., 7th v.— The Word of God increased, the multitude of the disciples in Jerusalem multiplied greatly, and a great company of the priests were obedient to the faith. Seven deacons were appointed to attend to the pecular affairs of the church; which became so numerous that the apostles could not afford time to attend to them. Stephen, one of the deacons, peached a powerful sermon, which gave offence to the unbelieving Jews, who stoned him to death; he was the first martyr. Saul, afterwards St. Paul, was consenting unto his death; and at that time there was a great persecution against the church which was at Jerusalem, and they were all scattered abroad—i.e., the Church, throughout the regions of Judea and Samaria, except the apostles. As for Saul, he made havoc of the Church, entering into every house, hal ing men and women, committed them to prison. Therefore, they that were scat tered abroad went everywhere preaching the Word.—-Acts viii. 1, 3, and 4. In the 14th verse we are told that the Samaritans re ceived the Word of God, and the apostles who were at Jerusalem sent Peter and John unto them, and they received the Holy Ghost of them. Here were other Christian churches founded, and Peter and John sent to confirm them. Where was the Church of Rome, then, if founded by Jesus Christ ? And here is St. Peter, who is believed to be its first Pope, sent to Samaria, and on his return to Jerusalem he and St. John preached the Gospel in many villages of the Samaritans. See the 25th verse. In Acts xi., 19 and 20, we read—4' Now they which were scattered abroad upon the persecution that arose about Stephen travelled as far as Phemoe and Cyprus and Antioch, preaching the Word to none but unto the Jews only," etc. Verse 21—"And the hand of the Lord was with them, and a great number believed, and turned unto the Lord; and when the church at Jerusalem heard it they sent Barnabas to Antioch, who exhorted the church there to cleave to the Lord, and much people were added unto the Lord." Verse 26—"And the disciples were first called Christians at Antioch." Where was the Church of Rome then?—It did not exist. We now turn to the 9th chapter of Acts, where we find Saul breathing out threaten ings and slaughter against the disciples of the Lord. On his way to Damascus the Lord met him and said, "Saul, Saul, why persecutest thou me?" And the Lord said, "I am Jesus, whom thou persecutest," the Lord Jesus thus identifying himself with his persecuted people. I believe it is a dogma of the Church of Rome that none outside the pale of her communion can be saved. If so, what about the multitudes of people who were converted to Christianity, who received the Holy Ghost at the hands of the Apostles, and with whom the Lord Jesus Christ iden tified himself when he said to Saul, "Why persecutest thou me" before the Roman. Church was founded? Up to this time the gospel was preached to "none but Jews only," who held the Gentiles in the greatest abhorrence, Rome.was the metropolis of the great Gentile Roman Empire, which was then mistress of the world, Judea being a province of Rome, and the Jews subject to that great Gentile power. Pontius Pilate, the Roman Governor, passed sentence of death on Jesus Christ, the Roman soldiery crucified Him, and parted His garments among them, and the first Gentile convert to Christianity was Cornelius, a centurion of the Italian band. Such was the great prejudice that the Jews had against the Gentiles that even St. Peter was prepared by a vision for this duty. In the vision he saw a number of mingled beasts, by which was signified to him that God had chosen. a people from among the Gentiles, arid that he should not scruple to preach the Gospel to.them or to admitting them members of the Christian church. He accordingly did preach Christ, and while doing so, to the surprise of Peter and his Jewish companions, the Holy Ghost fell upon Cornelias and his gentile friends. This was the first gathering of Gentiles in Christ, and took place, not at Rome, but at Caesarea, a city that stood on the shore of the Mediterranean Sea, about-seventy-five miles north-west of Jerusalem. There was a very respectable Gentile church established in this city, which continued until the seventh century. When St. Peter and his Jewish compamons returned to Jerusalem, the church there cen sured Peter for going unto the Gentiles, eating with them, &c.; but when he related to them the vision, the falling of the Holy Ghost on Cornelius and his friends as he preached to them, they were satisfied, and gave thanks to God for granting uhto the Gentiles repentance unto life eternal. See Acts, tenth and eleventh chapters; Although St. Peter opened the. door of faith to the Gentiles, yet St. Paul was the accredited apostle to that people, called the Uncircum cision in the Scriptures. It was for this duty he received his credentials from the Lord, who met him on the way to Damascus with authority to drag Christians to prison. St. Peter was the accredited apostle to the Jews, who are called the Circumcision, See Gal., 2nd chap., 7th and following verses. The Lord also said to Paul, "I will send thee far hence unto the Gentiles." In the 13th chapter of Acts, and at the 2nd verse, it is said, as they ministered to the Lord and fasted, the Holy Ghost said, "Separate me Barnabas and Saul for the work whereunto have called them." So they being sent by the Holy Ghost departed, unto Seleucia, etc. It is not necessary that it should follow St. Paul through all his journeys during some 28 years, as it would occupy too much of your valuable paper; suffice it to say that he preached the Gospel through a great part of Asia, including Greece, where he established numerous churches, all independent of Rome, about which nothing is said. Even in the Apocalypse, second and third chapters, where mention is made of the seven churches there Is not a word about the Roman Church, which appears strange if it was founded by Jesus Christ, as "Ritualist" would have us believe, There was, however, a Christian Church established at Rome, but at what particular time, or by whom, is quite un certain. St. Paul, hearing of this church wrote a letter to them containing sixteen chapters. It has this large character natur ally, as it consists well with the address to the great centre of the empire of the world. He wrote to the Romans whom he had never seen as the Apostle of the Gentiles, taking his stand on the high ground of being the apostle to whom God Had committed his councils. This letter was written about the year 60, in Corinth,, where Paul had estab lished a Christian church or assembly. So Peter, whose mission was to the Jews or Circumcision in addressing that people already scattered in the world, presents resurrection as a living hope, and speaking to them on this new principal of resurrection says, "Us strangers and pilgrims, &c.;," thus carrying on what was consequent upon it in reference to those who are to participate in it. He was never Pope or Bishop of Rome, or yet of any other Church. , WAPSTEAW. 