SECOND SIGHT IN THE HEBRIDES. —Carnill, When Presbyterianism was established in the Hebrides two centuries ago, second sight was already reduced to a system and practised as an art. It had its code of signals, its symbols, and ita recognised methods of inter pretation. The prophets, of the .second sight pretended to be burn, bat they were really made. Jfc was not professed that the gift was common, or that everyone could sea the signs .which were to be interpreted. But the favoured few wbo could see what was generally invisible read the symbols according to the recognised rules of e ireeogoised craft. The prophet or the seer claimed the power of seeing into the dark future, and of foretelling what was to oome to pass. When he saw the multitude coaid not i,e; but if ha deigned to reveal what he bad •eeu, the common herd could foretell a, well u he, for certain signs always indicated certain events. For example, if a woman was seen ■landing at a man'a right hand, that waa ac cepted aa a proof that aha would become hi. wife, whether both or either were married or unmarried at the time of the apparition. If three women were eeen etanding at a man r . right hand tbs nearest would be hie Scat wife and eo on. Through a large and intricate system,. the growth of man; ages, the art of the Highland aaer wee not altogether baied upon quackery but it wae strengthened bj the pretence of the rogue. . So long ae an Ayrshire ploughmen, brought up like hia class in the rude routine of the furrow, oau suddenly shake himself free from the depressing traditiona of the eoil, and astonish after agea by hie intense appreciation of-human needa and interests, by hi. correct reading of tba best aspiration, ef onr nature, aud by :his exquisite eanse of the beauty that surrounds os, why should not a shrewd inhabitant , of ono of tbe remote Hebrides, amidst scenes that tend to throw a veil of mystery over the cloudy judgment- and the uncertain penetration of his contempora ries, astonish the untutored rustic- around by the force and accuracy ef hia daring presoiancet Belief in supernatural interference wae'common in the Western Isles, By assuming that .he was more unscrupulous than these around him, that ha was working by myatio rules, which their own traditions had sanctioned, and that he: knew his neighbours’ weakness is well as bis own strength, we can easily understand how the prophet of tba second eight could mike himself an object of regard and a source of power inbie locality. To aoms extent the prophet himself occasionally sbarsd in the common delusion. Foe the Qaelic race, with their passionate love of life, their intense impressibility to fear and hope, their a'ehsitiTo fibre, their perturbed feel ings and "uqpartain beliefs, nurtured the very conditions which point to or generate- definite fulfilment of Tsgue prophecy. For in all such cases there is a wide reserve for mental son* fusion. As the patient, by brooding rover his disease, insensibly gives it unconquerable strength,' and ab aids in his own deacruetion, so the Qaelic race helped their own seers in the . work of illusion. . In some oases, no doubt, the seer waa an out-and-out quest, and took the - surest means to strengthen-hi. reputation by divulging the oracle, from the (act, or by vague predictions which might mean anything. Sometimes the oraol. wa. dark or mysterious on'purpose. 'lnstances are quite common in which a vagua acatemenc waa converted into .a direct prophecy through ingenious distortion or sug gestive silence, whereas the true prophecy was only an- afterthought. . . . Whoever is familiar with the piercing wail of the Highland laments as they used to resound through the long, narrow glens, or hat witnessed tbe rapid hysterica that frequently accompany tbe~de parture of the Clansman or the Hunara Castle from the Broomielaw, may understand to what extent, sorrow and pain, tears,and trouble, entered into the life of the how gladly they would look towards' any sort of a prophet that profaned to open up the future. Funeral wailing was a profession ini the islands at the time of the Union. , I know nothing more plaintive than ’’H'Crinnon's. Lament,” when heard in a. lonely glen on a solitary isle. It le the essence of myetery aa'welt as of sorrow. At a period whan each noble Bnglieb house bad ita own haunted chamber and its own sombre ghost, wa need not wonder if we find each Highland hamlet in fanciful intercourse with its. kith and kin after aa well aa before death, through its own chosen seers; that the under, fed ~ Hebridean saw - hia own ghost heralding bis approaching death, and that In a depressed and uncertain 'state of mind, the. Qael pictured out for himself an uncertain future. A people . surrounded by many intelligible terrors—in a changing' phos phorescent is., and a troubled, thundery sky, and frequent atorms—would see the flickering pale light as it moved slowly'towards the lonely graveyard, or the dark funeral crowd around the hut of him who. was fated.to die, or they:would hear the pieroing funereal wail, or their imagination would derive Jatrang. pleasure from the sorrowful luxuries of the literature of second sight.' 