THE hereditary foe of the present generation of Britishers is Russia, and the same prone ness to impute evil intentions to that nation is manifested as was shown towards France by the generation which passed away say forty years ago. This Russophobia has been dis played by the vast majority of journalists now discharging duty in that capacity in the British Empire, and in so displaying it they do but reflect the prevalent instincts of their readers. Thisfeeling has been actively aroused in this colony by the recent visit of the Rus sian Admiral, coupled with the supposed readi ness of the Russian Emperor to go to war to rally national sentiment towards Iim as a corrective of Nihilistic projects, and with his machinations on the frontiers of British India. These conditions should be remembered in *arriving at a judgment upon the conduct of the Age in so confidently announcing last week that it had discovered a Russian conspiracy to not only pillage the Australian colonies but to make them the first point of attack in a war with Great Britain. The information upon which the Age based its disclosures was not sufficient in itself to justify the statements it made, but it-was sufficient, coupled with the excited feelings we have indicated, to excuse them. It is easy, now that the Age dis closures have been replied to, to see where that paper erred, and it was in not making further enquiries from Russian sources in the colony before assuming that the telegram which Admiral Aslanbegoff admittedly sent to Russia from Melbourne at a cost of some £60 referred to hostile intentions towards this colony and Great Britain. Had the Age been told that the telegram referred to a torpedo invention submitted to the Admiral by Mr. Bryant we think that paper, however much it may have doubted the truthfulness of that explanation of. it, would have paused and investigated further before exciting itself into publishing the inflammatory narrative which puzzled or alarmed all its readers last week. But the Age distrusted all the Russians and all their statements, and "trifles light as air" were, to the Russophobist, " confirmation strong as proofs of holy writ" that a second Sinope attack was about to be attempted by Russia in Hobson's Bay, and that no time was to be lost in averting it by prompt exposure in the Age of the contemplated plot. We acquit that paper of all desire to pander to sensationalism, or reap a profit by its disclo sures, and all it can be held blameworthy for is want of sufficient acumen. As to the insult to Russia which some journalists see in the Age explosion, while we consider the " skit" that paper published some weeks ago, under the heading " an intercepted despatch," was a breach of good manners, we hold that the publication of the assumed real despatch can not be regarded as an insult, but simply as the natural result of Russia being a despotism in which intrigue both in domestic affairs and in foreign affairs is ever active, and the vice of duplicity is necessarily inseparable from intrigue, consequently Russia must bear the misfortune of being wrongly accused at times as one result of her adherence to a despotic form of government. The moral of the episode under notice, so far as Russia is concerned, is that RussianAdmirals cannot despatch cypher telegramswithoutexcitingsuspicionwhichmay lead to accusations of the kind which are said to give Admiral Aslanbegoffgreat annoyance, and so far as Britishers are concerned the moral is that they should beware of allowing their prejudices in all matters relating to Russia to overpower their judgment. " Re member, when the judgment's weak the preju dice is strong," says an old song, very truly, and the converse holds good. GREATNESs of all descriptions, like every other quality, is comparative, and, comparatively speaking, Bishop Moorhouse is a great man; in our opinion the greatest the colony con tains; and, as Carlyle says, " Great Men, taken up in any way, are profitable company," a dictum which, as applied to the Bishop, few persons will deny the truth of, for he is profi table company upon any subject, and especi ally so as an exemplar of earnestness, not of the effusive type, but the truthful. " Iam the slave of truth" said he, in his address at Kerang which we reprinted last. week, and although this attribute leads him into tight places as a theologian it exalts him as a man, and we have much pleasure in spreading his fame and usefulness as far as we can in conse quence. "I will venture to assert," says Car lyle, " that it is incredible of a Great Man he should have been other than true ; it seems to me the primary foundation of him; no man adequate to do anything but is first of all in right earnest about it." And there can be no doubt that Bishop Moorhouse is in earnest in promoting irrigation as an aid to, indeed the basis of, agricultural operations in this colony. Theoretically he is absolutely right in all he advocates, and if practice was not wont to lag behind precept he would be practically right too. It is well for this colony of Victoria to have a man who commands universal respect, and wields enormous influence upon public opinion, who is an idealist upon so intensely practical a subject as irrigation. If he soars too high there are plenty of drags upon his ascension, and as " we make history fast in this colony" it is hard to say how far his ideas are in advance of the times. National pro gress need not be a matter of growth, but is sometimes accomplishedby "leapsasndbounds,"' to use a well-known .Gladstonian phrase. At anyrate we respond as far as. we are able to Bishop Moorhouse's call for active consider ation of a policy .of irrigation, and reprint his stirring letter to the Argus upon the subject, appropriately headed " What is our Policy I" It has been long growing into the most im portant question of the day, as it involves nothing less than the permanency and pro gressof the colony of Victoria, and the Bishop's "message,'" for it really amounts to that, de mands the most serious attention of all persons and most of all that of the members of the Legislature. To again quote Carlyle at the risk of being considered hyperbolical in applying !his sentiments to the Bishop and his subjectr--" An original man comes to us at first hand. A messenger he, sent from the Infinite Unknown with tidings to us. In one way or other we all feel that the words he utters are as no other man's words. Direct from the Inner Fact of things, he lives, and has to live, in daily communion with that. Really his utterances, are they not a kind of revelation' ;-what we must call such for want of some other name ? It is from the heart of the world that he comes; he is por tion of the primal reality of things. God has made many revelations : but this man too, has not God made him, the latest and newest of all I The ' inspiration of the Almighty giveth him understanding:' we must listen before all to him." M\r. Cuaro?s has found a good route for the Bacchus MIarsh branch line from Hider's quarry to the opposite side of the Parwan creek in the neighbourhood of Mr. Hegarty's property. It then ascends the hill at the back of Mr. George Murdoch's and gets into the three chain road near MIitcham's, after which it crosses the recreation reserve at Maddingley and crosses the Werribee near the present bridge, afterwards crossing the Maddingley road and ascending the slope of Mr. Grant's MIillbank property to the site on Stamford hill already fixed upon as a station site for Bacchus MIarsh. This route is some three quarters of a mile shorter than the one by Oliver's point, and avoids all flood difficulties, either at the Parwan or on the Werribee fiats. Another route, via Collie's and Kennedy's gully, will be surveyed by Mr. Curtois, after which he will proceed to Melton, probably next week. When this survey has been made a comparison of the various routes, and a re view of the whole subject of surveys of Direct Line and Bacchus lMarsh and MIelton branch lines, with tramway extensionsto Darley and to Coimadai, will be possible, and we hope Mr. Bent and his professional advisers will.give the subject the attention it deserves, and speedily, and let the district know exactly what they are going to do, and why they intend to adopt a certain course. NoTrnso new has transpired respecting the Bacchus Marsh irrigation scheme. We gather the general opinion to be that Mr. Gordon will have to satisfy inquirers that the quantity of water he proposes to impoundl will be sufficient for the scheme after leaving an ample. flow to go ovwr his weirs, and that ad ditionalstorage can bh added withoutdifdiculty. If he can give satisftctory assurances in this respect, and fall in ivith the views of the land owners in the matter of keeping separate accounts of each branlch of the scheme, we believe no difliculties will present themselves, and that the works will be in operation within twelve months. We again suggest that, in order to bring about a concentration and har mony of ideas of this oharacter, a conference he held in Melbourne, either by way of depu tation to the Minister of Water Supply, or a meeting at the hen. Henry Miller's offices (Mr. Gordon being present at either place) to define the conditions upon which the Trust shall be created. Friday next being Good Friday the Express will be published on Thusday night. Correspondents and others will please take note of this. The Bacchus Marsh Shire Council decided on Saturday last that the Rabbit Inspector should serve notices upon Messrs. Charles Dubout, John Barry, Thomas Wilkinson, Spain & Dodemaide, and J. Keiley, that if they did not destroy rabbits upon their land he would enter thereon at their expense to do the work. The Council likewise decided to apprise the Central Board of Health, Melbourne, that rabbits poisoned with arsenic and phosphorus are probably taken from this district to the Melbourne market. Mr. T. A. Grant, Treasurer of the Toolern Free Library, acknowledges receipt of donations of £5 each from Mr. S. T. Staughton and Mr: IMIatthew Ingle Browne. The return Cricket Match between the Bacehus Marsh and Ballan Clubs will be played at Mad dingley on Saturday (to-day). The Marsh eleven will be chosen from the following players:-G. W Anderson, A. Barradell, T. Bence, J. Burbidge, G. Cuthbertson, L. Cussen, J. Doberty, E. G. Jones, F. Lewin, J. Mi'Carney, H. Paterson, J. Reid, Jas. Simpson, and H. Steele. Umpire, Mr. H. Living. Play to commence at 12 o'clock sharp. The performance given by the Toolern MIin strels in the Mechanics' Institute, Bacchus MIarsh, on Monday evening was well attended, and the performance on the whole gave satisfaction. The Minstrels have gone to a great deal of trouble to prepare themselves, and have acquired a good deal of proficiency in the art of entertaining an audience, so that they can fairly claim to be on titled to support as local amateurs wherever they appear in this district, and could claim more than this if their performances were brightened by a little more life or rapidity being thrown into them. "Chair business," and farces of the character played by the Minstrels, require to be rattled through, but it is only by frequent rehearsal that amateurs can acquire this facility of execution of what they aim to pourtray. The Bones and Tambo of the Minstrels are considerably the best of the performers, and had the most important parts. They were well played up to by the sub ordinate members of the company. The following is a detail of the programme :-Opening chorus, "Let's be Gay;" song, " Camptown Races," Tambo (Mr. Buchanan); song, "Little sister's gone to sleep," -Mr. Shebler; song, "The Old Banjo," Mr. James Blackwood; song, "Kittle Wells," Mr. Cecil; song, "Hen Convention," Bones (Mr. T. A. Grant); song, Mr. Groman (the pianist), " The old log Cabin in the Dell." Rumuns from Rome-Chorkey Chump, Esq. (art collector), Mr. A. Burns; Arabella Chump (the heiress), Mr. J. Graham; Captain Smith, (art collector), Mr. Cecil; Mr. Chipps, from Rome (art collector), Mr. Buchanan; the statue of Hercules, Mr. Grant; the statue of Ajaz, Mr. J. Blackwood. Ten Days in a Tomb-The Barber, IMr. Honey soap, Mr. J. L. Robertson; Perkins Puddenhead, Mr. W. Blackwood; Gaoler, Mr. J. Blackwood. Ebanezer's Visit to New York-REbenezer Zephiah (coloured member of Congress), Mr. Buchanan; Julius (boots at a boarding house), Mr. Grant; Mrs. Quintus Quietus, Mr. J. Graham; Mr. Quin tus Quietus, Mr. A. Burns; mad cornet player, MIr. Cecil; old Startlum's ghost, Mr. W. Black wood. The Dead Alive-Mr. Twinkle, crusty old man, Mr. Buchanan; Corporal Bombshell, ghost, Mr. W. Blackwood; Waddy, the ostler, Mr. Grant. In reference to the success of the son of the Rev. A. J. M'Causland in obtaining the Bishop's scholarship, as mentioned last week, we misunder stood the information given to us by Mr. M'Caus land as to the Rev. Hugh Macfarlane having contributed to that success as meaning that the youth had attended the classes Mr. Macfarlane holds for initruction in Latin, &c.;, but it appears that Mr. Macfarlane merely encouraged the young man to compete for the scholarship, and that the last instruction he received was at the Church of England Grammar School, Melbourne. A sample of white marble from the Cauwell ti onnd marble mine, on the coast of New Zealand, sas tested (says the Argus) at the Footsoray Stone r :utting Works, and at the establishment of a .essrs. Chambers & Clutten, in Lousdale- street. The block cnt at Footscray weigbed half-a-ton, a and was divided into nine tablets. The stdne is of h good colour, close grained, and easy to work; it a takes a high polish, and it is believed that as soon u as thle quarries are fully opened, a sufficient quan tity of marble can be obtained to supply almost U any demand. As soon as the block cut is pre pared, the tablets will be exhibited at various a places in the city. A man named James Hannah, who is supposed t to have been drunk at the time, picked up (says the Herald) a child on the Grafton wharf, Sydney, on Friday, and jokingly said, "I will throw you into the river." He lost his balance and fell in with the child. The man was drowned, but the child was rescued by a lad who plunged in after it. MIr. Kernot, one of the members of the Assembly for Geelong, died on Sunday last. Six candidates for the vacancy have announced themselves. Mr. Hamilton M'Farlane, of Bacchus Marsh, broke his right leg on Saturday night last while on his way home. The following is from the Austra?osian:-The experiences of the Echuca Agricultural Society in the business of judging having been of a rather uncomfortable character, the committee of that society has wisely addressed itself to the consider ation of the rather mixed question-How can a repetition of such contretempns be avoided? Our readers will remember that this question has been considered and debated on many occasions by the leading agricultural societies in each of the three southern capitals. At Sydney, after a great deal of discussion on a proposition by Mr. King, the society had to content itself with making more intimate inquiry for competent men, and adopted the principle of endeavouring to obtain them from a distance. In England the selection of judges is still a difficulty which it wculd seem almost im possible to arrange so that no cause of dissatis faction should ever arise. With a view to afford the societies an opportunity of considering the scheme that will be (or has been, perhaps) laid before them, we present the draft of suggestions proposed by the secretary of the Echuea Society: " That a board be constituted, to be known as the board of judges for agricultural societies' shows in Victoria, to insure the agricultural societies throughout Victoria with judges for the annual shows. A meeting of delegates to be held in Mel bourne, when each society sending delegates to state how many of their members will and can act as judges, and state for what classes they are com petent to act. From said meeting judges be chosen to serve-say for three years; same judges not to be sent two years following to the same society. In all cases judges appointed to act for societies to be as far removed from society for whom they are appointed to act as possible. The whole work ing of the judges system to be in the hands of the National bociety of Victoria, or board. That every endeavour be made for free transit of judges to the station where they may be appointed to act on Victorian railways. That each judge receive from the secretary of the National Society a certifi cate showing where appointed for and what dates they will require to travel, from what station to another station named. That a fixed sum be adopted by board to be paid as judges' expenses, same to be paid by society for whom judges are sent and act. That secretaries of societies to give notice to boards of National Society when their respective shows will be held and the number of judges they will require, said notice to be given three months prior to date of holding show." TheAgedisclosures respecting an intended attack upon Melbourne by the Russialn Admiral have been further discredited by the discovery that the informer, MIr. Bryant, is a New Caledonia convict, and a recent inmate of Pentridge jail, where he served a sentence of twelve months for obtaining jewellery under false pretences. Rainfall at Bacchus Marsh for tlie week ended 8.30 a.m. on Friday, 31st March, O O"in. 