GENERAL NEWS. According to the figures of the Weslcyan conference, now7 sitting at Leads, that body is 100,000 stronger in number than it was 16 years ago. The total membership of the society in Great Britain at tire present time Is 393,630. novel sight (says the M. A. Mail) oc curred at Maldon on Wednesday, in the shape of a lady, mounted on a stout cob. riding astride, gentleman fashion, passing through the town. The fair equestrienne took the matter quite coolly, though she caused some amusement amongst the sterner sex. The Chief Secretary notifies, in reference to the Legislative Council elections, that where the residents in any district consider that sufficient voting facilities have not yet been provided, application for additional filing places should be made to the return - ng officer forthwith, as it is only on his re commendation that the Governor in Council can appoint additional polling places. The body of a newly-born child was found on the back premises of gate No. 36, near Buangor, on the Ballarat and Ararat railway line, yesterday. Information was given to Mounted-constable M'Hugh, of Buangor, who communicated with Seigeant Woods, of Beaufort, who at once sent an officer to make enquiries. The supposed mother, Fanny Hyatt, is under arrest, but at present is confined to bed. Mrs. Wyer is the gate keeper. The Evening Post supplies the following : — " The Holmes- street ghost received a very warm reception on Friday evening. The ghost appeared to a young lady who had a big dog and a good thorn stick for her protection. The dog attacked the ghost from the back, and the young lady with her stick struck the ghost a severe blow. This bad the desired enect, lor sue visitor aroui t»pmt ianu owned to being a young woman, and then begged for mercy. It is not likely that after this she will appear again in a similar manner." The sample of Colac coal sent to the School of Mines for analysis has l>een analysed by Professor Krause, who reports as follows : — " It is a sample of splint coal, the bulk of dull lnstre, hat laminated with thin layers of bright lnstre. Its high per centage of fixed carbon would make it a nsefnl household coal, bnt the large amount (16 percent.) of ash detracts from its value as a fnel for steam-producing purposes. Analysis Water, 2.2 ; bituminous matter, 28.4 ; fixed carbon, 53.4 ; ash. 1C.O." _ This report has been forwarded to the chairman of the Colac Railway League. Dean Backhaus died at Sandhurst on Thursday afternoon, at two o'clock. The cause of death was an affection of the heart. The Dean was 73 years of age, and is supposed to have died worth from £50,000 to £100,000. Be was born in faderbotn, Westphalia. The executors to the will are stated to he Dean Tierney, of Beech worth, and Messrs. J. Crowley and Arthur Magee, of Sandhurst. His property (says the Argus) will be divided amongst the chorch and charities and his relatives in Sandhurst. One of the reports afloat is that be has devised to the authorities of St. Kilian's Chnrph a sufficient sum to build a cathedral for the Sandhurst bishopric. The London correspondent of the Argus writes:— "If we have not 'spoilt the Egyptians,' we have spoilt their city, and now we are going to beat them. Hut where we shall not beat them is in telegrams. It is plain to me that AraM has missed his proper line, and should have been a special correspondent. The Cretans, who bad a great reputation for gifts of the imagination, axe nothing to him. Lord Salisbury is nothing - to him — though he seems a good deal to Lord ' Salisbury. Certainly, since the world, bqjan in be governed, there was never snch an official report ' as that published by ArabL . ' Admiral Seymour killed, eight ironclads sunk, two burnt, and four bound together to be brought to Cairo.' There is afro an inti mation tbgt a buried Bheik appears every night on the Mosque to iitcrbe the Monlema to victtuy ; but there, I venture to think, he overdoes it. Without Die supernatural element the thing is complete. I un sure, if we knew hhp, Ambi it full of fun," The shearing is general lower down Ihe Maequarie and Castlereagh. It is rather late. Last year by this time (writes the Dubho correspondent of the Echo) 10,000 teles of wool had gone through Dubbo ; this year, only 800 have been forwarded as yet. At Murrambie(Mr. T. L. Bichardson's) 100,000 are to be clipped ; at Haddon Big (Richmond's) between 100,000 and 130,000. It is said, however, that the " boss" shed of the north-west this year will he Messrs. A. Tofain and Sons. Between 350,000 and 400,000 sheep are to be shorn there. The whole of the clip is to be washed, and the dumping is to be done on the station. The clip in these parts, where the terrors of the dronght were not felt, is in good condition, and well-grown ; but in other localities, such as in the immediate vicinity of Dubbo, it is very unsonnd and unevenly grown. Many fiockownera in the north-west have spared no expense in improving their flocks, and they are now reaping the reward. The Bundewor wool (Body's) fetched 15d in the London market, and the Mungeiy clip (Strahorn's) made the same price for 100 bales. Considering the wool was greasy, this Is a very fine price, and one cannot, in view of such rates, fall seeing how profit able sbeepfannin is. £26,760, writes a London paper, seems a good deal to spend on a single entertain ment, even when it is given by the richest and moiit illustrious of unreformed corpora tions to a Boyal prince. But it is not so much the sum total of the recently audited accounts of a single day of City hospitality as the marvellous amount of certain single items which will excite the cariosity of the readers. How many persons one wonld like to know, partook of the "banquet and re freshments," which, with wine, cost £6830 10s 4d, or how many "menu cards, dance programmes, etc." ("etc." always plays a lame part OH' thflM nrmginncl I went to male up £559 Is? Was the £4534 worth of_ upholstery qnite up to the latest aesthetic requirements ; and did the £1287 worth of paintings and decorations do all that might be expected of it to elevate the taste of the City dignitaries ? Who are the most to be envied, the gasfitters, who made £1368, the carpenters with their £2266, the builders, to whom was entrusted the work of erecting a temporary building over Guildhall yard for the round sum of £4000, or may be the persons who bought up the Augments that remained of all this splendour for £815 ? That publi; entertainments ongbt to be magnificent most persons will be willin) ; to admit, but when all conceivable externa ! magnificence is provided for, is not there room enough in these fine figures for some magnificent jobbery ? At a meeting of the Boyal Colonial Insti tute held in London last July some figures were quoted concerning emigration. The official returns show that during the year 1881 the number of emigrants' of British origin were, from Great Britain 166,802, and from Ireland 76,200; whilst during the first quarter of this present year the numbers hare been, from Great Britain 30,436, and from Ireland 11,125 ; making a total for the fifteen mouths of 284,563. Of the emigrants from Great Britain during 1881. 176,104 went to the United States, 23,912 to British North America, 12,905 to South Africa, and 22,682 to the Australasian Colonies. The commer cial statistics and census tables show that the value of emigrants to the commerce of this conntry — that is, the extent to which they are purchasers of British exports — is as follows Emigrants to the United States, about 9s per head ; emigrants to Canada, abont £1 12s per head ; emigrants to the Australasian Colonies, about £9 per head. It appears probable that the emigration from the United Kingdom will continue to be on a very large scale ; and, in view of the above figures, the Council consider that it is a matter of very great regret that so little is done to direct this tide of emigration to our own possessions, in which the emigrants would become large purchasers of British manufactures, and thereby increase . the wealth of this country, whilst they at the same time would promote the prosperity, and add to the strength of the British Empire. The Plymouth papers brought by the " Cuzco " contain some particulars of the action taken by the commander of the forces at Alexandria in consequence of theofier made by Arabi to retire to a monastery on certain conditions. A Central JFeies telegram, dated Alexandria, July 28, 6.35 p.m., says : ' \ Arabi telegraphed to the Khedive at Bas-el- tip, offering to surrender, and stated that if his Highness were willinp to negotiate he (Arabi) would send Raouf Pasha and w. Ulemas from Kafrdaur to Malaha, where the Viceroy's envoy might meet them and discuss Ihe matter. On receipt of this de- 'finitive message — which I may observe is the outcome of certain mysterious negotiations that have been carried on for some days be tween Kafrdaur and the Viceroy's bead- quarters — Tewfik at once communicated with Sir Archibald Alison. Sir Archibald con sidered it expedient that a personal inter view should be held, and with his sanction two of the Khedive's aides-de-camp started for the Malaba Junction by train to meet Raouf Pasha. Sir Archibald advised the pre caution of a pilot- engine, and also sent Cap tain Hatton with a military escort to accom pany tbe mission. Most fortunate was it, as it afterwards proved, that these safeguards were not neglected. On approaching Malaba the pilot-engine fell into a cutting which had been made across the line, the rails having been removed. This execrable act must have been done by Arabi's orders daring last night, with the deliberate intention doubt less of causing ihe mission from tbe Khedive to fall into the trap which had been pre pared for it with such diabolical ingenuity. We are now anxiously awaiting further in telligence from Malaba, and the greatest indignation is felt here at the commission of what we can hardly avoid considering as an act of tire blackest treachery. It is in keeping, however, with Arabi's previous use of the; white flag, which he has employed on everyr occasion as a mere rose to distract at tention. Wesxons Wizard "Oil and Magic Pills have made more wonderful cures of Rheuma tism, Gout, Neuralgia Aches, Pains, Swellings, Caked Breasts, Burns, Scalds, and Salt-Bhenm, upon the human frame, than all the pretended remedies have since the world began. These great American Medicines are composed of vegetable oils, healing gnms, roots and herbs and act like a charm upon pain and iiifhurnna- tion(L) 