^ a g g f f f t t i i r g g . ur» G Wilson Hall, M.L.A., is J^nlv 'a man of great fertility of in- < l 0 r^"r ftg w ell as of strong imaginative In Parliament very little is Cd of this representative of the neoole. There he beeps bim- T o ^ O * the background. Bat i« now and then, outside the walls of Sment, Mr. Hall makes wonderful Series, principally evolved, I fancy ZLL Ms own inner consciousness. Not E since he! stated that there was to w reconstruction of the Ministry, and ir i o:r Brvan O'Loghlen was to take a KremeCo'urt judgeship. Mr.HallJd not condescend to explain which of the w a 8 to die or to be killed to Sway for Sir Bryan. Mr. G. W. Hall makes another rash assertion to the nffeot that efforts are being made to have gir Gavan Duffy appointed Governor of Victoria. It appears to me that Mr. Hall is now employed as a jackall for 5T Patterson. The member for Moira hunts up or invents subjects which will afford the Castlemaine man opportunities for descanting on the persistent attempts of Irish Catholics to take possession of the higher offices in the State. Mr. Hall •evidently trusts to his imagination for his facts. Hence the wonderful discoveries he makes. Sir JohD Robertson's description of Mr. M'Elhone in the Sydney Assembly appears to me to fit the Moira man exactly. "Sir John called Mr. M'Elhone the grievance-monger of the House who rambled about like a blind cuppy'. trying to discover something on which to found a charge against the Government, but only discovered mares' nests." Mr. Bent professes to believe that the Legislative Council will not materially Interfere with that little bill of his. I am Inclined to think that he is greatly mistaken, and that the Council will play havoo with some of the lines which begin in out-of-the-way places, and end at the stump of a gum tree. No one believes more firmly than I do in gridironing the country with railways, but I confess that gome of the lines in the new bill fairly startle me by their absurdity. Some of these will, unless I am much mistaken, be struck out by the Council. In the Assembly there are so many members interested in the bill that they are quite willingto let afew questionable lines pass, Tsther than risk the rejection of a measure which gives railways to their constituents. The Council is able to look at the subject from a different standpoint, and to deal with the various lines on their merits. Therefore, it appears to me that some of these lines must go In the Council. The various Protestant denominations in England are greatly exercised oyer the "carryings on" of the Salvation Army. Recently, at Leeds, a flaming manifesto was issued by the Army. A Protestant paper—the Christian World— denounces the affair. It says :— We have no hesitation in saying that a more atrocious document has never appeared. After the usual proclamation of "War! war'!" etc., and an invitation to everybody to "join in the fight against Old Nick," the plan of attack is thus described: —" Monday, 5th June, at a quarter to eight, salvation charge. Tuesday, great exhibition of hallelujah lasses. Wednesday, fire and brimstone. Thursday, roll-call; soldiers to deliver up their cartridges. Friday, at half-past seven, baptism of fire. Saturday, at a quarter to eight, rejoicing over victories won; all over the shopmeetings. Sunday, 11th June, at seven a.m., knee-drill; ammunition supplied to soldiers by quartermaster-sreneral; eleven a.m., descent of the Holy Ghost; half-past two p.m., tremendous free and easy ; halfpast six p.m., great charge on the devil; nine p.m., hallelujah galop." Did this placard stand alone, we might think it the work of some rash and ignorant " captain; but, unfortunately, it is only a specimen of the style in whioh the Army is now canning on the war, ..w. and for which General Booth mti8t"be"heid directly responsible. No one who has any reverence for divine things can read this placard without being filled with a sense of shame, horror, and disgust. Yet, notwithstanding what sensible persons think and say of the movement, it has been successful—financially, if not otherwise. General Booth has purchased the Greolan Theatre and the Eagle Tavern, and in three weeks the money— £16,750—was subscribed. Single contributions amounted to as high as £500 The Queen, although declining to subscribe, sent a letter to the wife of the General, expressing her satisfaction at the society's efforts to win thonsands of people "to the ways of temperance, virtue, and religion." When Mr. Peter Campbell, Bush Missionary, failed in his endeavour to nise a strong anti-Irish feeling on the same lines as attempted by Mr, Patterson, aad after he was dismissed by the Orangemen and their organ, he, it appears, entered the holy bonds of matrimony, as his advertisements stated, with English lady," and I remember the Battarat Courier acknowledging the receipt of a piece of the wedding oake made in honour of the auspicious event But here again Mr. Peter Campbell's joy appears to have been short-lived, as, if I remember aright, it is not a fortnight since Mr. Peter and the English lady became one; and now they have separated by mutual consent. To wit, the following from the Argus of Wednesday last:—" I will neither pay nor be answerable, from this date, for any debts whatsoever contracted by my wife, Elizabeth Agnes Campbell, of Melbourne, who, with myself, signed a mutual deed of separation on 9th inst. Peter Campbell. Melbourne. 12th September, 1882." So the timely action of the Treasurer n the matter of the Loan has, for a time t all events, saved us from another eriod of dear money. This is a matter for sincere congratulation. I have on more than one occasion pointed out the immense advantages which accrue to a new colony from cheap money, and it appears to me, now certain that for some months at least the money market will not materially harden. The outlook for Victoria is indeed most cheering. On all sides news comes to hand that the crops are looking well, so that farmers and selectors anticipate a good harvest. Notwithstanding the heavy losses of sheep during the late drought, the wool crop promises to be fair. Mining is healthy, and work of all kinds is abundant. One of the greatest checks to our prosperity would be dear money, and, now that Sir Br fan O'Loghlen's foresight has rendered this well-nigh impossible, there is every reason to believe that we are about to enter upon a season of unparalleled prosperity for all classes of the community. I can only hope that the outlook will be fully realised. Tapley. Tim UinvjSB8nT.—A meeting of the Uni ersity Council was held on Monday, the ice-Chancellor presiding. It was resolved o appoint a committ*3 to consider the quesion of admitting graduates of other uniersities adeundem gradum, the use of the niversity in the past having been clearly rregular, if not in contravention of the niversity Act. The council deoided to appoint a leoturer on pharmacy in conneotion with the medical school, and also to postpone the beginning of the forthcoming matriculation examination from 23rd November to 4th December. Publications Received.—"A Short Account of a Canonisation at St. Peter's, Rome, from an Unsectarian Point of View," by J. Henniker Heaton. Mr. George Robertson is the Australian publisher of this little work, which is very handsomely got up. It is illustrated, and that is its chief recommendation for Catholics, for, though the letterpress could not but be interesting to non-Catholics, it would be to members of the Church but a bald and lifeless account of a great function, every feature of which possesses a deep symbolic meaning, which the unsectarian observer could not be expected to understand, and would, indeed, be incapable of penetrating. But we must say that Mr. Heaton has written without either strong prejudices or levity, and that the illustrations of ecclesiatics their robes, guards in their uniforms, and officials in their liveries, are very brightly executed, though not a highly artistic manner. Messrs. Nicholson and Co. have published a new song, entitled "I Love Thee;" words by E. J. Croker, music by A. T. M. Johnson, and first brought under favourable notioe as sung by Mi Alice Holland. In this case sweet music is wedded to tender verse, and this harmony of sentiment and melody will surely render the composition a favourite with many singers. The sale of a valuable suburban proper^ has just been completed. Ottawa, the residence of Mr. A. W. Robertson, in Irvingroad, Toorak, has been sold, with the land upon which it is built, consisting of 11 acres, to Mr.- Charles Officer, for the sum of £28,000, the largest amount (says the Argus), we are informed, that has ever been paid for a suburban property in Victoria. The purchase-money included a sum of £4000, representing the value of the furniture and fittings. 