TUESDAY, NOVEtiBER' r" 1882. IT is stated that Sir Joun itondmkoy boosted to 'the members of thb depb.ta. tion from 'the Land Law Reform 'Corifer. eice that 'ie could make a better UTii Bill thaw they, and that he *ujd'ther suffer defeat on his reasire tlin' aldooi' any of the antggbstions offered by the deputation. But it must be gratifying to the members of the 'Conference 'to know that while Sir JoUN's bill has hiot L ghost of a chance of becominig law, their recommendations have, 'on the whole, met with the hearty appiotal of almost the entire coloniat press many members of the legislature anti thePiblic. Referring to the proposed refo.isi tlie Yass Courier, one of the Ahlast of 'our country contemfsoraries; says s' Some of the proposed r'efor'ms are identiical lviths those recommended by former conferenceis nad have long since been approved liy liid teaftrmors competent to' deal with t ie question:' tif the now proposals) it maybe adulitted that several contain very, valuable and practicable suggestions, iduicix taxkei as a whole wouldl fornm the bajsis of:'a' Mid 'Act" that' would be' the meanss of placinig the settlemenat f the country on a more permanent footing than any measure that hiss yet beet Attempted by theNow South Wales Legislatuire. In view of the alrnost ceitain rejection of *Sir Joiit's hbl, it is uotat all improbable that as the. veteran statesmanritold ý the deputation he, would -appeal to the, coun try rather than abandon his principles- there will be a dissolution of Parliament and a general. election before Christmas. This will ,afford opportunity for a more representative atdgeuweralconference than the last (and we have it on good authority that prepavations are being made for such t, conference to meet shortly in Sydney) whose deliberations must result it still wore comprehensive proposals; and these, emanating from men .practi. calty acquainted with the operation of the existing land laws a id the require ments of the country as regards land legislation, may reasonably be expected to have an important bearing on future legislation. Sir Joutv's bill) whose second reading is fixed for to-morrow, ignores almost every rocommendation of the late conference, especially those to which paramounit importance was attached, viz.) abolition of auction sales, the ap pointment'of local land boards, the with drawal ofrreserves from lenses and the formation of a Department of Agricul ture. In these, and several other of its suggestions, the Conference displayed far greater legislative ability than has ever been exhibited by the father of our land laws; andinothing but the pride and ob. stinacy of the redoubtable knight pre. ventted his acknowledgement and adop. t'on of the practical suggestions 'of the deputation.' But the 'Canference dogs not despair of yet seeing the fruit of it., lahonus; for even 'should our predictioin fiail, that the bill will 'be 'rejected by a large majority, of the [louse,' antI; on the contrary, the measure should go before comniitteeuit' will there undergo 'such a transformation that, while its author will sczrcely be' able to 'recognise its alteree; features, it will 'be found;)when the' e:mi inittee hiaveffully deailt'wjthhit; to'embody' many of 'thictaxost. vanluable!;princildcs contended" for so;, recbmmended 'ibyzthen Conference.' 'r ; un:i ) it .. . . . , , , 1t : " lt v t l " i . . , 