"Samlet in Undress.*' Maze Edwards, manager for Edwin Booth, thos describes theirappearance at Waterbury, Conn., last winter, when the troupe played without their costumes; " When I found the baggage with the costumes had not arrived, I was just go ing to throw myself into the river, when I thought I would go and tell Mr. B. about it and bid good-bye to some of the people who had always thought a deal of me, be fore killing myself. To my astonishment, Mr. Booth took it as cool as yon would take an invitation to drink. He said, in asmuch as the people were in the hall, ha would make a few remarks to them about the accident, and then' they would go on and play three acts of " Hamlet," in the clothes they had on. And so it was fixed up that way. Well the thought of' Ham let in a short-tailed coat and light panta almOst made me sick, hot' when Mr. Booth came on toe stage, like an Epis copal minister, with a Knight Templar's cheese knife that he had borrowed, I coudn't think of any thing but Hamlet. I forgot all about his clothes, and I be lieve if be had .only had on a red flannel fireman's shirt the people would only have seen Hamlet. I tell you he is the great est actor that ever lived. The people sat perfectly Btill, and seemed wrapped up in Booth. That is; they were when they did notlookattheotherfellows. Butwbenthey took in laertes, with a short, hamlet' coat on, a pair of iahdedah pants, and a pan cake hat, it seemed to me I could hear them smile. And the king, Hamlet's stepfather, he was a sight. Imagine a king with a cutaway checkered coat, Pull man car blanket, thrown over his shoulder, for a robe, and a leg of a chair for a sceptre, mashed on a queen with a travelling dress and gray woollen basque, with buttons on it... .And thinkM^ftpStaniB<WiHth a linen' duster end a straw bit with a blue ribbon on. Oh, it made*me tired. Ophelia was all right enough. ; Bhe had on some crazy clothes that she had been travelling in, and we got some straw out of a barn and artificial flowers off the bonnets, and. she j pulled through pretty well. But the ghoBt. You would have died to see the ghost. He had on one of those long hand-me-down ulster overcoats with a' buckle in the back as big as a durry- comb, and too belt was hanging down on both sides. The boys got him a green mos- ; quito bar to put over it, and, with a | stuffed club for a sceptre, be fell over a chair and then came on. I should have laughed if I had been on my death-bed when he said to Bamlet, ' I am thy fa ther's ghost.' He looked more like a drummer for a wholesale confectionery house, with a sort of tin skimmer on his head, and I believe the audience would have gone wild with laughter if it had not been for Mr. Booth. I don't believe you could get him to laugh on a stage for a million dollars. He just looked at the ghost as though it was a genuine one, and the audience looked at Booth, and forgot 'all about the ulster, and the ghost's pauts being rolled qp at the bottom. It was probably the greatest truimph that an actor ever had for Mr. Booth to compel toe vast audience to forget the ludicrous surroundings end think only of the charac ter he was portraying. I wouldn't have missed the night's performance for a thou sand dollars, and when, at 10 o'clock, I heard the boys getting the trunks uptaira, I was almost sorry. The last two acts were played with the costumes, but they were no bettor performed than the first. Still, I think, on the whole M- had rather the baggage would be there. It makes a manager feel better?' v 