Horticultural Notes. Nicotian. Annas. — This large white, sweet-scented flower unfortunately closes at night, but a correspondent of the Chronicle has found that, by cutting them at night and piaoing them in water at once, - they will keep fully expanded night and day, and some have retained their freshness for fully ten days. Vinca VaRdsgata as a Bobdxb Plant.— No more useful or striking plant can be desired at this season than the subject of this notice, whioh, when grown in a clear open situation, is beautifully variegated, and pro duces a profusion of azure-blue flowers,' whioh contrast agreeably with the silvery markings of the leaves. " One of the best things out to cut from in winter," said a' gardener the other day who occupies an important position, and who grows flowers extensively tor cutting every day in the year. Its bright silvery shoots go well with green of any kind, and you can cut and oomo again, for plants grow so rapidly i almost anywhere that you may cut as much and as often as you please. Continuing the conversation, the same cultivator remarked : 11 1 obtained a plant or two of it out o ! a cottage garden a few years ago, and now would not be without it." Yon can compare it with any Other plant in the border, and, judged fairly as to general merit and useful ness, it will hold its own with any of them. When it is grown stubby, every shoot being rigid and self-supporting, and clothed in flowers, in the manner referred to, it makes . indeed a pretty border plant. A ed or mass of it would look even better, and owners of small gardens should not Ignore it. bnannsA it is nnt diffinnlfc to sraw. and only oosts a trifle to pnrohase it.- c i — — —Chronicle. The Double Crimson Primrose. — This fine old plant can never become a common border flower, as there are two requisites to its culti vation hich cannot be attained in the open border. It requires a situation where it can " never see the sun or feel the frost," as one of the most successful cultivators in Ireland once told me. I saw the other day a very fine lot of strong healthy plants, as well as the old purple (which I think is worse to keep than the crimson), the rose or pink, and the yellow. I was informed that the plants were not so strong this spring as usual, but i from what I saw there was nothing to com- ; plain of, as single crowns of last year were ; making three and four. crowns each. The; best situation iB a cold frame with a north aspect, shaded by a wail or hedge ; good yellow loam and leaf-mould, three parts of the first to one of the latter, and no manure of any description. Once or twice a year it is advisable to give a top dressing of the same soil, pressing it firmly round the collar of the plant. They should never be allowed to become dry, and a daily syringing morning and evening in dry, hot weather prevents red-spider, to . which the family are very prone. Among more recent additions to this family P. piatypetaia plena is a great acquisition ; it is much hardier than the older double forms, more floriferous, and succeeds well either in the open border or on rockwork - in fact, it should ho in everv — — R collection.- —Alpha, in the Chronicle. Cultivation of the Curled Creen. — As I am rather partial to vegetables, and tbe curled green being one of my favourite winter ones, I have endeavoured to cultivate it so as to bring its best qualities out and to get a delicious tender vegetable put on the table. This I do in the following manner: — In the latter part of March I sow the seed in ' a cold frame, placed in a warm out- of-the- way corner, the soil composed of a good turfy loam. After they vegetate I give air by degrees, according to the weather, and have them quite hardened off and fit for planting out by the latter part of May. I plant them on a piece of ground that has been well manured in the autumn and dug up roughly to about JL2in. in depth, and again forked over more carefully a week before planting, always choosing a damp evening to plant in, putting the rows SOin. apart and 24in. between plants. After they get about 9in. high I pall the soil lightlj in to their roots, making a farrow about din. deep between the rows, at the same time filling this up with half-rotted manure to a level with the top of the farrow. This arrangement I find best for keeping in moisture, and alto beneficial as a liquid-manure watering daring raihs. In September I tie each plant to a short, stout stake, to prevent the wind or snow from laying them down, as when they get thus laid they lose their colour and get dirty. I always, during frosts, cut them two or three days before using them, laying them in spring water, as I find this makes them more tender and a clear green colour when cooked. I greatly prefer ' Dobbie's Select Curled Green,' as being by far the best curled and most tender that I have been able to procure, in all cases coming true from Beed. It is the best also for exhibition.— A Californian Ybgbtable Gbqweb. In this country the seed may be sown outside at the same time, or a month earlier. The special reporter of the Adelaide Observer during his recent visit to the Government Gardens at Pajmerston, Northern Territory, noticed the almost total absence of those pests, the white ants. He Bays : — " Going through the sugar acreage, one naturally wants to know where the white ants have been that the crop should be so healthy. I closely examined each plot, and only in a few cases were there any signs of the ants. Mr. Holtze has a wholesome contempt of them, and when yon ask him whether he thinks the little pests will be a considerable factor in the planters' losses, you see an indignant man. He opposes to the ants arsenic and potash, and the common so-called remedy of carbolic acid he impeaches with Teutonic warmth as J nonsense.' ' It is all very well for the first time, so long as the smell is there,' he says, 4 but when it leaves, the ants are coolly walking over the powder, and taking it to whitewash - their cells with. Now I dilate my arsenic and potash in hot water, and take sugar and flour and make a, paste. Whenever I see white ants I make a hole and fill it with a spoonful of the mixture. I never have the least trouble with them. Arsenic,' he points ont, is a never-ending poison. The father ant takes it and dies ; his sons affectionately eat him, and they die ; their mother and sisters devour them, and all give up the ghost, and so destruction goes on for ever. If this, be the true solution of the ant difficulty, it cer tainly is a very inexpensive one. Four years ago, in the old gardens, he bought half a cwt. of arsenic; half of that he has still. With what has gone he has conquered the ants." 