'--.?? PTJNNIMENTS. You may be left nt first, but try to be ricrht at last. ' , ? ' ,......? Tub fat' mun is lazy beoauae he wuuta to spare himself. ' Time makes all things even ' except odd numbers. Whbn a river breaks ita bank ia tho rtuult financial ruin ? It iV to be supposed a soldier will be raw until he is exposed to fire. Mah'inehb and showmen are not alike, for tb.3 former like light houses. A PBosasiNS youngman— one who is engaged to half a dozen girls. A famous raoohorso is named ' Little Brown Jug.' He ib always fall of spirit. Thb colour oE tho wind was discovered by tbe man who went out und found it blew. A law-yeu ia nbout the only man that o7&r; made anything by opposing a woman's will. A youno lady, not well veraad in iuutio, wunti to know if danoo musio is written in foot notes. Tottie: 'I wonder why dolls are uiw&ya.; girls, Tom ?' Tom : ' Because boys hate to bo v made babies of.' ? Advice to wives— Man is very much lite an sgg — keep him in hot water and he ib bounc] to become hardened. Thkek'b one sphere that belonga to every* body — to women as well as to men— and that's the atmosphere. Thbrb ia good reason why a little mnn, ?hould not marry a bounoin-» widow. Ho might bo called the widow's mite. _ We know »n old maid who Buys il'Wid enough for the meu to get married, witliuui fools of women imitating them. Thb latest definition of a jury is ' a body of men organised for the purpose of dtcidin ?? which side has the smarteat lawyer.' '*' One bv one tho anoiant heross aro snin?h'cl. It turn out that Ajux hud a ba£ cane or iheu. matism when ho defied tho lightning. ' ' Ii has always been my aim in life to imitato a good example,' as the counterfeit remarked while working on a new set of dies. When a man trieB to borrow money from a friend.-that is experimental philosophy. When the friend rofuses, that is natural philosophy. ' The qusslion of Hamlet's sanity has never been decided, but his interview with hia father's ahndo ghost to show that he was accustomed to ' ' spirits. ' I have a theory about the dead languages,' said a new student. ' What is it ?' xaked tiio professor. 'That they were killed by being studied too hard.' Ax undertaker adds this postsoript to Lie, advertisement in an txchunge : — ' Call early and secure one of our new mahogany coffins ; they are going off like hot cakea.' Amokq lhe august personages presented to the HurquiB of Lome at tbe great pow-wovr, near Fort Maoleod, was JSaifle-sitting-on-a. . rock- with-hie-tail-hangiug. over. jl man uaueu tor uamibSion to a snow for half prioe, p.a he hud but ouo eye. But tbo manager told him it would tdke him twice ns long to see the show as it would anybody s!se, and oharged him double. A young man marriod against tho wishcn of his par.ute, und in telling & friend how to h.-oakv the news to them, (aid : ' Toll them first that I am duad, und gently worV an to the oliuiax.' A I1A.BT, whose family was very much in tho habit of proposing conundrums, waa one ev-m- ing aBked by her huBband, in an excited tone. ' Why are all these doors loft opon ?' ' I give it up,' instantly answered the lady, ' Do you prstent to have as good judgment as I have V exclaimed an enraged wife to hsr: husband. 'Woll, no,' he ropliod slowly, : our choioo of partners for life chows that my judg. oent is not bo compared to yours.' A little boy entered a fish market ono day and seeing for the first time a pile of lying on tho counter, loskcd at them for aomo time, when he exclaimod, ' By gracious ! them'a tho biggest grasshoppers I've ever Been 1' A litilu son of un evangelical clergyman wished that ho might die and go to heaven. ? Why,' sflka his grandmother, fueling that the boy is getting too good to live. ' 'Causo I want to get tome of tho pennies I've been giving to God.' Souk Boelon families will not allow their children to rend the Old Testament. If they, would forbid thorn to read the New they would have the finest scheme on record for making, the Bible interesting to the young. Fuoji the manner shirts are made, the think there ought to be au ? inspector of common. ie*oert.' We went to the expense of a new shirt the other day, and found ourselves, on awaking in the morning, crawling out between. two of tho shortest stitches. The old man sighed as ha took tho golden haired, laughing boy upon his knees, and atroking bin thining trcsF.es, stid, ' Ah, how muoh I should like to feel like a child again.' Little Johnnie oeased his laughter aud tmid- soberly : ' Then why don't you get mamma to apauk you f ' A HANDioiiB lady entered a dry goods store aud enquired fora 'bow.' Tbo polite clerk threw himself buck nud remarked that he wus ut ber service. 'Yea, but I want u buff, not a gr«en one,' was the roply. The young man went on measuring goods immediately. A lady who presides over a medical dispen sary for women iu India siya ' not ono woman in h. thousand in thut country known her age.''. It in slightly different in this ' country. Hero women always know their ngo until they are' about £5 years old. After reaching that point thoir memory becomes deftetive, and they for get the year thty wore born. A OKNixEMAK hired a hansom a few evenings ago, paid his fare in duo ' ouarac, and two minutes afterwards wus hailed by Jehu, wh^ informed him that ha had givon him a sovereign inetesd of it shilling. On restitution being mide the gcnMnnmn presented cubby niih a half-crown in acknowledgment of his probity. The uovoreign was a bad one. . A little fellow fivo years old, who bud Iwen wearing undershirts muoh too small for him,. wub onu day, *fcer bitving been washed, put iuto * Kurmcnt lu- much too large as the other hud been top small. Our six-year-old shrugged' his shoulders, shook himefllf, walked nrcuud. Bud finnUy burst out with :, 'Me,, I do feel awful lonraoiuo in this nhiiil' ; Haiivahd studonts uro ' organising a total abstinence koiety, ' free from pledge', bigo^y, and importunity,', and based on ' oorawffn. ecnuo, 8el(-ro8pi.'0t, and gentlemanlineaB.' Tbe society will favour, total ' abstineaoo, but a rucrabtr will bo ullowod freely to withdraw. .f rom '.'tho'.' prgiitiU'iltion whiiifevor he' flnda the practice 1 of it's prinbiple too much for him. ' , ,8oAPaOTs reform : Little boy hus been swear -it]g, . find ? imiruuia, to ' punish' him, wunhed thoroughly the inside of hiit mouth with soup, rudu, ' to,'. AB.tho explains to him, ' clean uway tlio naughty words.' A tow days lutur, wMl& parting lhe' bath room she ttoe.a thn youugnler with his fnoi ouo mass of suds und bis mouth so full that tbo barely understands bin splutter, ing exclamations : ? Getting them all our, mamma ! Swore fivo times yesterday 1 ' FiFrY years ago, wW California was \\\v3nr the dominion of Bpain, a ono-eyod com ran 11 - duDt»uledatRnn Frauoieoo, who was-tlia terror of all tho IndiiinB in tlm viornity. A Ytinkre skipper travelling that way inducod the Spaniard to purohaae ono of ths. then newly invented glass oyea of him, and to the fanruud nurprieo nf the rodtkinH tho oomrnimdaut suddenly appeared with two oys Tliis wns too much for the bruvtn, r-o one of tboir inimbui was deputed to nnuasir. uto tho sonor. Ha managed to giiin tccesa to his bhumlvr, but on apprimobing the couch waa terrified to find the oonimHnduit, Bleeping with on« eyo clotoii and the other wide opon. The uuuizud Indicia gave an nnearthly yell, ucd threw himself hiudluug from the willow. 