ranoed stage of wisdom or not. I do not know whether I can even Bay I am a temperate man; bat, be my degree of vj)doin or of temperance what it may, I most take exception to total abstainers claiming Father Mathew M appertaining to them alone. (Hear, hear.) Father llathew was one of those great characters that seem to live, as he worked, for humanity. (Hear, hear.) I think we would be guilty of wbat humanitarians outside Ireland woald call national selfishness if we even claimed him for Ireland. (Hear, hear.) He was a grand cbaraoter, a historio character, that belongs to humanity, and whether in Eng- Isna or in America, or wherever the Engjiih language is spoken, the name of Father Mathew is revered and honoured. (Qheers.) Of him it might be said, as was sud of hia Great Master, that he went about doing good. (Hear, hear.) Good he has done in Ireland, and in England, and in America. Wherever I travelled hi these countries, especially in Amerioa, I found traces of Father Mathew's footsteps. Mr. Davitt then advised the advocates of temperance not to resort to any violence of language in the pursuit of their mission—not to call names nor to impute bad motives to any other Irishmen, no matter what trade be might be engaged in. Continuing, Mr. Davitt said :— I have come here to-night for the double purpose of taking part in celebrating the anniversary of a great and good Irishman and of saying something in favour of the object sought to be achieved by the resolution put to this meeting. I am more anxious to see working-men's clubs, and reading-rooms, and mechsnics' institutes established throughout Ireland in the interest of the working classes generally than in the iuterest of any particular movement that seeks to improve the social condition of the working classes, and I think the temperance advocates here in Dublin are acting very wisely in endeavouring to extend this reading-room system that has done such good work since it was first established here in this city. Any movement started in this age of universal education that is to fight its way and gain the acceptance of the people, must oome down to educational methods and modes of procedure. If you want to enlist the working men throughout Ireland in the cause of temperance, you must appeal to their self-interest. It will not do to bring them to a meeting like this and to try and indoctrinate into tbem the principles of Father Mathew. Tou have adopted this system so far, and I heard some of your speakers say here tonight that yon have not made much progress in the cause of temperanoe. I think if yon will widen the scope of your efforts, and oome down to utility as well as theoretical preaohing, that the oause of temperance will make more rapid progress in the fnture than it has sinoe the days of Father Mathew in Ireland. But from the experience I have had of the working of meobanios' institutes in England and in America, I am anxious, on behalf of the social good of the working classes in Ireland, that these readingrooms and evening classes should be carried on in all the cities and towns, and even in the agricultural districts of Ireland if possible. I remember in the North of England, from 1853 to 1860, when the mechanics' institute movement was started by the late Sir J. Kay 8huttleworth and others, that immense good was done to the factory operatives and others who bad to work for their duly bread. Previous to that the labourers in that part of England were certainly not an educated class; but when they had an opportunity of employing their spare hours in the evenings in tostnioting themselves, they showed how instraotion can aid the working man in benefiting himself socially, politically, and morally. (Hear, hear.) From my experience in Lancashire, and seeing the effect that those evening olasses and mechanics' institutes had upon the Irish young men in that part of England, I have been anxious ever Bince I have taken up my residence in Ireland to try and promote snob a movement amongst oar working men throughout this oountry. (Hear.) Artisans from Ireland going to England or emigrating to Amerioa find themselves heavily handicapped in the market of. skilled industry when they meet working- men in those countries who have received better scientific education than working men reoeive in the National Schools of Ireland. (Hear.) If. then, we can supplement the National education, as it is called, in Ireland with mechanics' institutions or evening classes throughout the country, where those who Work^ from morning to night oonld go and listen to.lectures, and study social and educational subjects, depend npon it those of our working men who are compelled, from one cause or another, to leave Ireland and seek employment in England and America, would not be as heavily haodloapped in the market of stalled labour in "those txrtyitri' • as they have been in the past. (Hear, hear.) My time has been so busily occupied in social and political movements since I becsme a eitisen of Dublin that I have really no time to throw myaelf in with the working men of Ireland in any movement they might set on foot for their own intellectual or social advancement. One of the speakers at an early stage of the meeting took the liberty of congratulating you on my humble presence here to-night, as if I had stepped from some high social position to identify myself with the people. The fact is, I commenced life as a working man, and the proudest day of my life was tbe day when I brought home my first five shillings, representing my week's labour, and handed it to my mother. (Applause.) I feel to-day having to woik for my bread and butter, in another field—the field of journalism— that I am still a working man—(hear, bear)—and I am one of those singular individuals who believe the only real nobility there is in the world is the nobility of labour and industry. (Applause.) When, then, I find myself here this evening:, or on any future occasion, associated with tbe working men to advance their social condition, I find myself in my true element —among the sons of toil and industry— (hear, hear)—and if there is anything I can do to advance their position in Irelend or to aid t.hem to educate tbemselves, as T have had to educate myself while working in England, I shall only be too glad to give my humVile efforts to any sncb praiseworthy undertaking. (Applause.) doming from the industrial classes to the nation, I am anxious, as a Nationalist and as an Irish reformer, that tbe working classes shall be better educated than they are, believing that any social, political, or national movement that is taken np by an intelligent and educated people will have twenty times a better cbance of winning its objects than if sncb a movement rested upon en uneducated and impulsive people. (Hear, hear.) I must not be understood to object to impulsiveness or enthusiasm, because they are two prominent characteristics of the Irish people— in fact, we are, I believe, the most enthusiastic people on the face of the earth. (Hear, hear.) I am not opposed to enthusiasm. I look upon enthusiasm as I look upon electricity ; it is a great power when kept under control, but it becomes a destructive one when it is not kept under control. What I would like to see would be Irish enthusiasm bottled np, if I may use the expression, in order to be direoted by intelligence and intellect in the cause of Ireland. (Applause.) As a reformer, therefore, I wonid throw mys°lf into this industrial educational movement. I would like to see our artisans and labourers and operatives every evening in the reading-rooms studying works npon social reform, npon the land question—(applause)—or upon any other" qnestion they might like to select, because the more intellectual and more educated the people are tbe harder will be the bargain they will make with the enemy. (Applause.) I believe that if we had an educated farming and labouring class to-day, we would have no settlement of the land question on the lines of that ancient mnmmery of land reform known as " the three P's." (Laughter and applause.) I am, therefore, from a national point of view, as well as from tbe point of view of the working man, anxious that the industrial olasses in Ireland should educate themselves more than they are at present, that they should employ their spare hours every evening in reading our papers, our national organs, in studying Irish history and Irish literature generally ; for I am sorry to say tbat in the so-called National Schools of Ireland national history and national literature are not taught. Mr. Davitt then, "as a citizen of Dublin," proceeded to suggest to the Corporation tbat they should abolish the names attached at present to the streets of Dnblin—suoh as Sackville. Grafton, Westmoreland, Nassau, and Bichmond— and name them instead after some wellknown patriotic Irishmen. Beturning to the matter of the resolution, Mr. Davitt said:— It is a resolution which, I am sure, will not only recommend itself to you, but to any gathering of workmen or artisans throughout Ireland. If you, in the temperance movement, want to push the principles of Father Mathew throughout Ireland, come down to this work of popular education. Do it by means of the reading-room, of the working-men's club, of the mechanics' institute, and depend npon it that your success in the next ten years will be infinitely greater than the success you have made so far. (Hear, hear.) As far as I am concerned, I cannot throw myself into your total abstinence movement as you doubtless would wish me to do; but I am not antagonistic to your movement. (Hear, -hear.)- Do not in this temperance movement givp a handle to your opponeots to be nsed against yon—do not let them say that you, while professing national sentiments, are still resorting to coercive methods against those of your countrymen who are not on your platform. (Hear, hear.) I trnst you wfll pardon the liberty I take in giving you this advice. It is prompted T>y tbe kindliest feeling towards your movement and towards yourselves, and as I have to the best of my ability, in my political career, endeavoured topromoteharmony amongst all classes of Irishmen, I felt, whilst listening to some of the speeches this evening, that I would not be doing my duty to the principles I bold unless I gave some such advice as this before I left the hall. (Loud applause.) Mr. Healy, M.P., who was very warmly received, supported the resolution. He said be was glad that Mr. Davitt, in making bis powerful speech, safe-guarded his position by the distinction which he drew between total abstainers and non-total abstainers. It was quite trne, as had been said there tonight, that drink was in many oases the great evil; but there were many other evils, and his friend, Mr. Davitt, and he bad come there tbat evening to attack an evil as great as the evil of drink—namely, the evil of ignorance. Nothing tended to show the people tbe true way to social and political progress so much as that which was pointed out in the admirable resolution Mr. Davitt bad so well supt orted. It had been a part of tbe English system of governing the country to keep the Irish people ignorant, in order that they might more easily be kept down. In other countries the upper classes assisted the working man in his effort* to elevate bis intellectual condition, but tbe working men of Dublin must expect no help whatever from the upper olasses, or if any help at all was given it would be so small as to be practically useless. The working class in tbis country could not have too firmly riveted in their minds the bitter truth that what was called the upper class were their enemiee. (Hear, hear.) There was, in fact, no upper class, properly speaking, in Ireland ; tbe population consisted of onlv the working and the official classes, and whatever was to be done for the elevation of the working classes would bave to be done by the working classes themselves. (Hear, hear.) In attempting to set on foot this educational movement, they must expect no help from tbe Government, because the Government was in reality opposed to education, and was only desirous to keep the Irish people ignorant and in the dark. (Hear, hear.) They did not want to give tbe people education, except education of a certain class—a class of education in whioh the Irish were derided and made little of, while England was lauded and held up to admiration. (Hear, hear.) He venerated the character of Father Mathew chiefly because he was a fanatic; for without fanaticism it was impossible to effect any good. Every man who achieved anything—any political or social reform—was a fanatic, and would never have succeeded if be were not one. He wanted a spirited of fanaticism in the country in order to lift Ireland out of the social rut into which she had got. England had got her fangs deep into the heart of this country ; in eduoation, in politics, in every social movement tbe English virus had crept into her veinr. What he would wish wonld be to exclude, if it were possible, from Tr»1«nd everv Englishnewspaper, every English journal, and every English magazine, in order that the Irish people might create a literature for themselves, and establish a school of healthy, genuine Irish and Celtic thought. (Applause.) Pending the time when Ireland would become a nation, and be able to take her part in the great brotherhood of nations, he wished to see in existence the social machinery which the resolution recommended. He wished to see reading-rooms and clubs established, in which the working classes could atndy the various soolal and political questions of the day, and investigate ancient Irish history and Iriah poetry, and Irish learning. They had at one time, until it was destroyed by the English invasion, as great oulture in its own way as the culture which adorned the classic ages. The memorials of thfese to aome extent had been destroyed, but they should endeavour to retrace with patient steps the scenes of those old days, and feel proud of the ancient Irish apirit and of Irish culture. (Applause.) In an.undertakiog of that kind they would get no assistance from those whose business it ought to be to improve their position in life. They wonld have to rely solely upon themselves. In contrasting the conduct of the Government towards the working classes of this country with its conduct towards the working classes of England, he said that there waa no town in England in whioh splendid meohanics' Institutes and other splendid ednoational establishments were not to be found. He thonght he might say that these wen not dlreetly -{he result of any movement among the working men themselves ; they were in a great messure owing to the exertions nf such philanthropic gentlemen as Sir J. Kay Shnttleworth, mentioned by Mr. Davitt. Having referred to the preeminence in this respeot of Newcastle-on- Tyne, in which he spent some years of his earlier life, he said tbat they conld not expect that help in this country, and would have to rely npon themselves, but he assured them that the hearts of the men who were foremost in seeking for the improvement of the Irish people on the LAI D Question were with tbem also in endeavouring to promote the educational and social improvement of the working classes generally. If the leaders to whom he rrferred had not appeared frequently npon platforms such as that, it was simply owing to want of time, because they felt the necessity that until the Irish people were able to vote and were more cultivated than they are, they could achieve no great social advancement. He was proud to sny that it was one nf the charp'. teristic signs • hich had been frequen ]y noted In the House of Commons of A 1 r. Parnell'a party—(applause)—and of tie men outside it whose names had become household words in Ireland and abroad, that they were above everything a sober party. At two or three o'clock in the morning they were to be found in the House of Commons hard at work, without having been sustained in the interval by dram-drinking. That being t he character of the party, and inasmuch as they h»d shown their desire to assist the people in every way they possibly could, he thou;' t their action would prove that whener r the Irish people were engaged in any social, industrial, or political movement—he would like to make no dis'ii - tion—for the benefit of Ireland, th« party of action, having in their hearts a sincere desire for the social improvement of the Irish people, would always be found heading and leading on movements such as that in assemblies similar to the one before him to-night. (Liud cheer*.) The resolution was carried unanimously and a vote of thanks to the chairman terminated the proceedings. • • VM I B W r wHY. ., . .'•' Bt PjtOTETHE. " v ." i Sea—How differentlv : »«' 'roiu ni-e ta-eatedby the \ e and t k X S ^ PaUersbn s u p p ^ J t ^ , TTnd-ep the circiiDistances i n' wbicl, Catholics of Victoria find them"eS s, ! century after Ibe '«Relief " Bill' of IRW L been in forco as Englisb law: legiskteds^fi^8 on the one band, by their colonial S * ment «o « to cut them off by a ne* law from the advantaRos of fhe system of publw instruction adopted in tho State flolmols, hnd «ow, on the other band onenlr threatened by a gang of well-dressed Orat,™ men .with an organised hostility, if nfflt L an illegal Orange: combination, wiii arowed object of nullifying our franchise and driving up both from .(.lie hustings and from Parliamentary and official life-it m»y not be amiss to look again at my Lord Eldon's oracular solemnities of Bpeecli when, with all a Waltliam gipsy's sacred and unerringforesight, he lifted the eurtnin of the future 53 years ago and pronouueed those wordsof doom still legible on theeybilline leaves of Hansard " My lords," said the learned fortune-teller of the Woolsack—"my lords, if yon re. move the oivil and political disabilities under which the Catholios have suffered for so many ng^s, you will pull down tho snn of Eng. laud's ((lory from the national firmament and sink the country in misery and beggary and social ruin for ever I' 1 What Lord Eldon's idea of " glory" was it may Dot be easy for us to say ; but it evidently meant the perpetuation of those legal bonds which cut deep into every nerve and vein of the Catholic body, and forced tliom into disaffection towards the tyrant English Government. We smile now, at the end of 3 and 50 years, ns we glatico our eye over Hamnrd (grandpapa), and then look up from the dusty reoord and survey the dibru of the fallen glory, and sigh over tbe mouldering fragments of England's shivered sun. If the "glory" of this world is to be measured by money, how pitiable and ridiculous, and, oh. how false and self-delusive were my Lord Eldon's reading of the cards of England's destiny. All his lordship's curses have turned into blessings, as if God had favoured the British nation with ft>ignal outpouring upon it of material affluence in reward for one small act of justice to a long oppressed and afflicted people. When Lord Eldon was laying out his ominous tenbf clubs, add his evil-boding knave of spades, and all the black array of bis bitter pack, and reading them from tbe woolsack, England could hardly pay ber way out of her forty odd millions of revenue. Last year England, on closing her annual account, found herself with a six and a half million balance in hand apd a revenue of £75,000,000. This perhaps— eutetre—yaB what Lord Eldon really meant to foretell, and only expressed himself a little awkwardly. People will say, and sometimes swear, anything yrlien their tempers are up to boiling . point';' but liiy . Lord Eldon's attempt at prophecy, and' the actual condition of Erigland's money " glory" to-day, are jn very funny contradiction to each other. I oatanot refrain from quoting one other instance of the comical discrepance between my Lord Eldon's forecast of 45ngiand'e glory in-the gloomy future, whioh, of course, aooording to all the Orangemen's Books ,of Jale, has cjome down upon hef in a corptycopip sbpwer ofj'purses f^r Jier^ioked concession of Catholic "^mancipation, and this one,instance,shall be- ENGLAND's COLONIAI. " GLOBT." In t^at'D^rk Age immediately pre«pduip the passmtif ,of ijie Catholic Disabilifjes Removal' A:o.t, T^hen Lord Liverpool was the king's! spiritual and temporal director, and np to Uie death of Canning, Australia was better knowu to English geography classes iu England and • Ireland Botany Bay, a terra incognita into whioh England poured her transported felony n«sv>r -to-.retwrn. When Lord Eldon sat on. the TOP"??* ydney was, only an unprofitable ,cgn»»ct ep.qt, .^pd the; wihol^ repjon^f Sontb ples, sp.far M '/.Qppyipt 4i8ci^1irp. e?; ended, was nothibk^rsttianfcn unenplo^ maize. £eYd, ! in' .wffiofc' chain gangs M the "bhippiM and 'hill%." JOiA was he E :of Nai/ 'fioutb'' Wal« Svartifr lh-1829, • whifeb'Gathbllo Einaifwpation Was granted, ^nd the Hun of EnVlB^d * giory feas sto far ever; But the vrise fflDd_ ightetfed polioy whioh carried tbe ^Mio JUilief Bill into law^oon .beg§u to teU opon U the rest- of Enelan^s v inst^tip 118 - flourishing find weUrgc|yejB^of,ED|!and's ependencies.. oDendenSes. awUJ™"""""r".,. And thm look across to itj Zealand,''"aiid : then .tUrii to take ln idelfiide and South Australia, fcnd. oin Perth and Western Australia ^o thMfi, nd include Queensland and Carpenta^ early' aU wild bjwh assumed the character of high priest ^ the peeraire Delrfios, and having P p eyes^bt byrthe effoj-t to embraoe this h^ amorphoifs biuW ng.at enaWrs vitt.tLeiiiselveSinfo nd what prospect is it that hes ou^pre^ before tb& =diz?y cUmberf Or, J ^ bservatory atiU, irom tbe top ' PtttriCk'*Gathedeal tower, onwhatsista"^' tbe gaBerlook? JOn Melbourne taty t/pirep, and railway stations, find hospitals, fnd quays where the ships of many nationB gee rtoored, and thbugh last, not lea^t, a Custom House, by whose records we may ascertain that cargoes to the value of ^13,000,000 have entered Melbourne harfcourin the last year. Now, when'my Lord Eldon was cursing the Catholic Emancijja- 'tTon^f?, 63 years ago7thTs stately," populous, and wealthy city of Melbourne was a grazing ground for kangaroos, a wallaby run, or a place of battle for two tribes of naked pagan savages; and the chance which has passed upon the site where Melbourne stands jg to be regarded as one of the most lamentable and mocking examples of the sad way in which the sun of England's glory has gone to tbe dogs in consequence of the passing of the Catholic Emancipation Bill of 1829. Where was Melbourne when (the Emancipation Bill passed? and echo answers, Nowhere. Has Aladdin then come and rubbed bit magical lamp and called up out of tbe ground this fair and prosperous city ? No ; but' the more ameliorating influences called info play by the assertion of tbe principle on which emancipation wan granted have effected this great work; and to revive the penal legislation which the Catholic Belief Bill repealed is a mad return to tbe barbarism of Orange ascendancy which wan England's ourse, and blight, and plague, and poxndal, and shame, and reproach,'and enfeebling blunder half a century ago. SO.KE OTHBE EHANCTPATIOHS. Witbia the memory of still living men the penal laws enacted by the High and Dry Toyr Anglican Church party against " JVnnennformistiP have teen repealed. These laws forbade any nonconformist minister to come within five miles of a corporate town in England, or to preach to a congregation of twenty persons anywhere; and forbade nonconformists to be freemen of boroughs, or to vote t >r mem - bers of Parliament; and all this under heavy penalties. These laws against tbe Independents were removed from the English Statute Book not very long before the penal laws against the Catholics were abolished. Yet these Independents now lead the van abreast with the Irish Orangeiqen in every movement against us, an,d Bwear the loudest that we shall never have aqy share in tbe Education grant. These charitable Independents say that the repeal of {he laws against them has thrown an additional radiance orpr the sun of England's glory, in whatevpr thnt glory consists; but thpy tylso pay with Lord Efdon, 53 years ago, that any concession to Catb'olio pcruples of conscience would be contrary to Reason, duty, right, and liberty; and they go cue ad against lis. The Jewish Belief Bill, ten years after the Catholio Relief Bill, IJW resisted by Lord Eldon's surviving disciples as fiercely ap he bad resisted thq the Catholic claims, and with similar cliquq arguments. * But bow bag tbe granting of citizen privilege to Jew or to Independent or to Catholic in any way beclouded the erun of England's glory, if any of tbpt glory be in the expansion o'f her colonial empire ? And M' it bag Been in Australia, so'baa it been easj ana west and noftl} and south the whole world round—in Canada, at the Cape, in Ceylon", in India, throughout her entire colonial dominions—England's snn of monetary, industrial, commercial, military, naval, civil, and social " glory" has been shining brighter and brighter ever sinoe England entered on her holier and more honourable career of placing all her subjects on an eqnaj footing as regards all civil and political relations. ' The dogged disregard of tbe Catholic claim for a share of the annual parliamentary Education grant is inspired by the 86lf>satne spirit of exclusive selfishness which BO long held the Catholics in civil and politic cal thraldom at home. 'But WHAT IS THB LOOIC OF IT ? Tbe }ogio'of it is' simply this: that the Catholice' , in Victoria are in a minority of- onf Udttolic ' to fiqr' Protestants ! 'that is the reason,' and the sole reaBon,' why tbe fcducation grant is hugger-muggered among' th? secularists, and all tbe '«M^of' kept to sweeten their own tee. That is the only account ojE the thing: All other alleged' reasons arp mere ebamand&lse; pretenpe. U we were 4 to 4 on" the pqpulatjoa returns, we should have no grievance. We woyld quiet ly rectify the rascality it the ballot-box and at a single election. But as wo are only I in 4 of. .the census, the. Pattersons and the Richardsons and the Orangemen come down on us wity tjie lpgicof the bloodthirsty wol^ and the case is settled against us by brute and insolent force. If anyone wishes to rag ji thrice precious ' sample of thip wolf logic, them read'tlie leading irticlp in the JDaify Telegraph of lagt Saturday (Der ©ember 2), ifli whioh the lybble IjaJ.terjr <4 blockhead ignorance and sectarian malice jraa. brought to bear in vollies of stupid sophistications upon tfce question, with thp view ol proving that the Catholics hpd no education " conscience; and if they have, that* they ought not to have, and therefore tbpjb,' their conscience should and sli^ll bp trampled on. The Daily Telegraph settles the point in about{ 15 lying sentences, and with all the vigour of brainless brute force putting tie Catholios out of court with an air of Map-dash wolf logio worthy of the Hon. J. B. Patterson hipljelf, but which resolvqs itself {into the numerical syllogism that, as the Catholics are only I to 4 ip, Victoria, they shall take what the despot majority will copidespend to give, f Mid. he jfankfol ' f i > r ' f t c lie old Tory time returned to earth with its penal law wolf logic. We are four to one against the Catholic's,' and therefore* we will coenje thwn, mock them with wwywyflg c^yiUingp, Mwre them that they dpn't koow whp.t is good for them, and talk to tbezn Jtl?ey Wsefopli^h chUda^n pr helotg," ~Sf la®'' *am weight of difference between these Siamese 2; n , ttl ?|f aversion to the Citholic^ and t£eir Education claims. The one would grant them M fast as — the other, """CI, O.UU and no 110 I faster. All Alt the world knows, for Prince Bismarck took pains lately to make all the worldTcnow, that wjien it corpea to the pinch Catholics feo in for rational Conservatism." The Arousl,angs out the Conservative banneV from its attic windows, and that 'amopg the obstreperous mob below there is a fair sprinkling of Catholic?. The A,rgus knows that if its Catholics weDt off in a huff, and yelled under the Age's balcony, that we could rush the Conservative flag and its pole bearers into the bottom of. the larro, and lift the Radical red rag qky high throughout the whole colony. " I say what some peqplo t^nk, that if the Uathojics voted radical to a man tjiraughout the colony, that Mr. Berry, or worse, would have the key of the Treasury chest in their keeping before three months. Yet tbe Argus would join hands with the Aye, or with the Age's darfc-cwplexiowdfather, to-mprrow tp hinder the Catholics from getting one penny out of the Education grant. And why ? Because the Argus, as well as the Age, has the brute force of the argument on its side. There is no common sense nor solid reason : there is neither administrative wisdom, nor good statesmanship, nor patriotic valour, nor neighbourly goodwill, nor executive prudence, nor security to the State in keeping the Catholics out of the State school pay sheet. There is nothing but brute force, actuated and impelled by bigot animosity. Lord Eldon's ghost gibbere dismally in the Orange ITall that, the sun of Victoria's glory would set for ever in darkness if the Catholics received a sixpence of the Education grant. If there was anything else than brute force in the way, the whole difficulty might be settled in a week. THE FAB-FETCHED FALLACY. Tliere being no argument nt hand but. that of pure, stark, shameful brute force to pallinte the penn.1 law of Victoria by which t he Catholics in this COJOHT are defrauded of their share in the Education grant, Mr. Patterson, M.L.A., or the State school boy who wrote his speech for bim which he delivered at the opening of the Orangemen's new hall, took a long sea voyage all tboj way into Ireland in search of a description, which not even the Orangemen, who yelled at it, could believe. Mr. Patterson ventured to seek a false plea at home. He did not compare the material condition of tbe Catholics here in Victoria with that of the Protestests. No. Such an impudent falsification could be confuted on tbe instant. He or his butty sailed away in calumnious imagination to Ireland, and drew a parallel between the north and south of Ireland. But, setting aside the claptrap, in going into Ireland he was only leaping out of the fryingpan into the fire. It was all a fancy sketob, for it is not likely be went in person to travel over Ireland, no more than over Franoe and Spain and Belgium, about which he gabbled from some State school book. Mr. Patterson, in bis ideal flight nil over Ireland, found everything peaceful and comfortable and thriving and loyal in tbe Protestant north of Ireland, and everything woe-begone and poverty stricken and rebellious in the Catholic fouth. Now, in tbe first place, the comparison was nothing but froth and fable and oratorial hipnbqg and faroical misrepresentation, from all I have heard or read of late years, the county of Cork or Waferford are aa well cultivated and 9s prosperous as Cavan or Antrim. But, supposing the south and t^e west to be ten timeB more wr^tcljed and more riotops than they are falsely represented to be, what then? "What dpqs i|i prove?' ^Djd Mr. Patterson ever happen to hear of tbe Bendigo or Ballarat dote ?, Did he part in these riot* ? Is tfiere no number .of {he Victoripn Parliament who did?. What does a "riot" often, show? Frequently it sjiows that an oppressed people hare begn goaded into violence and provoked beyond all human endpranpe by tyrant rollers, Ijy unbearable laws, by plundering tax ifnpo?ers, by arbitrary governments. Derby riots, and Durham riots, and Lord George Gordon riots, and: Feterloo riots, and swing firep, emd Nottingham riots, in which the Duke of Newcastle's house on Mortimer's Cliff was burned down by tbe enraged peoplg of Engiapd. What enraged theih'f Bious, prayerful, Godfearing, bible-reading men like Mir. J; B. Pattersbn, with a religious «erise of what 'is true, and fair, and candid, and gancroturanf] so forth, may be babes'in their knowledge'of geperal history) and resort to a State school boy to be crammed fop an occasion. But it is perfectly disgusting to find those -who call themselves men of the world, and who have lived for years tbe innocent and civilising lifje of the Victorian bush, giving us lectures in Irish history, while blissfully and scandalously uninformed in English history, they, at tlite same, time, pretending tp be Englishmen. If Mr. Patterson woula go for a few weeks to Home State 'school, tbe more' godless all the better, and spell bis wray'through the history of tbe Reform Bill of 1$32 before he takes his next trip into Ireland, he will then be more competent to instruct na m the . causes which so long operated in reducing tlie Catholic west and south of Ireland to ja hideous wilderness of all manner of derwta-, tions. No one will ever expert good taste from Mr. Patterson ; hut, eypg before an cited crowd ol Irish Qjftngewen, nippy people would perhaps prefer thfii, b/9 B^ouVl abstain from that most dastardly axid d^spjo- 1 ble lojm of speech feown m ijie tuppresiio >fri %nd t^e sgggeftiojhbi. Hj^sp^e (itEio(.8 nd mi^eir amppg the Cfrtholic at'9Q; but ha^he ^ie gpjpt of 4 gen^leipa^ 4 e wou^d feye Btefed tp- l ^ r peaBs"by tweb toe 'wow wrel of the Catbojic population were indicted on them. XTndertb^ fnfcnrnal <pretoxt that the Irish Catholics had «' rebelled " against " the Parliament," Oliver Cromwell was directed to proceed into Ireland -with an army of picked soldier^ feaoh -mth a'picket bible in histnapiaok, toqoell the "traitors." This •was after the mid Parliament had ifftirdered the rightful long, Charles I. He had sent commissions into Ireland to raise money, and troops to'defend his life and crown against this most loyal Parliament. In. obedience to the king's orders tbe Irish Catholios raised an army, and to punish this army Ccomwell was sent into Ireland. Of Course, the " army " raised by tbe Irish for their king's service was poorly equipped and badly lftd, but Oo,mwe}l came upon ttjem like a de^troyipg dpmon. 30,000 of those fvho b«d declared for the king were killed in riegeg and bftttle? ; 20,000 were transported; and thousands moje perished of wounds and hunger and exposure. A general act of attainder -^as passed. Six millions of aores were confiscated, and the Catholic proprietors, cast ojit destitute qn thp highways, to become beggarp and labourers. Their lands and tenements were bestowed on Cromwell's soldiers, or sold by auction to London companies. The Catholic population in 20 counties were literally stripped of house, farm, fnrniture, flocks and herds, and any cash in a-bank, and were thus plunged into a condition of hopeless destitution,'and kept in it for nearly 200 years. During all this t ime no Irish Catholic could hold any ground by lease, or more than half an acre without a lease. No Catholic could possess a horse over the value of £5; nor be apprenticed to any trade, especially that of a printer. No Catholic could keep a school, or nend his ohildren toi a Catholic school, or keep a Catholic tutor in his house, or open a bookseller's shop, or sell 0 book, or have a book in the Irish language, or follow any profession but that of labourer, nor live in a borough town, or vote at any borough meeting or at any election, or hold any office under Government except the office of a common soldier or sailor. It was high treason for a Catholic to harbour a priest or to hear Mass, or have a " Maes Book " in his pocket. A thousand Catholic churches were burnt to the ground, and the clergy outlawed as felons. All their bishops were banished, and the Catholic religion proscribed, and in this state they were held by sword and gallows and Protestant law until 20 yenrs after the " American rebellion." Until 1829 the Catholic population of the west and south of Ireland were forcibly crushed down by Protestant law and mnskets into a ~ hovel life and a potato dietary; «nd when the Catholic Emancipation Bill slowly released them from this galling yoke of inconceivable privation, then a new sooundrelism was brought to bear upon them in tbe shape of Rack' Rente, which would retain thepa eternally in rags and in starvation, and in oh^erjesa abodes, toiling ever to sjipport an absentee landlord in luxurious splendour. Against this Riclf Rent system and its accompanying iniquities the Catholic population of the west and south have made a most righteous, a most heroio, and most commendable stand. And when Mr. Pattersbn dwells so ostentatiously on the people's resistance, and conceals the provocation, I think they $re entitled to suspect that such a craven suppression is dictated by' an euvenomed bigotry. December 5, 1882. 