CONTINENTAL NOTES. The diverse rumours of new combinations which traverse the Continent are evidence now that there has ceased to be the special tension of particular questions that Europe has not yet reached the equilibrium of con- tentment. Her state still too much re- sembles that of the ocean when the light- nings are sheathed and the black clouds broken, but the waters beat to and fro in Blow gravitation to their rest. Prince Bismarck is now as the Emperor Napoleon used to be, credited with new designs in foreign policy in order to cover his purpose, or his defeats, at home. Strange to say, he is supposed to be fraternising with both the Pope and the Sultan. Certainly the Turkish ambassadors at Berlin have done their best to propitiate him, and many eyes are directed towards him from Constantinople. He is said to have hinted that something must really be done in Armenia, but to have promised to withhold his pressure as to the Russian war indemnity. In Italy, his conciliatory policy towards the Papacy has created quite a flutter. He is even suspected of a design to restore the temporal power. Pope Leo himself, apparently both hurt and alarmed by recent incidents, has altered his tone speaks now with bitter remonstrance, and demands protection for his independence in terms that imply a change of attitude towards the authorities. He complains grievously of the insults showered upon him at the recent canonisation of saints. Another rumour reported that Russia and Austria had formulated an agreement touch- ing the unsettled questions of European Turkey. The details were given, but are now emphatically denied from St. Petersburg. It is, however, again affirmed that the subject has been matter of negotiation. Another wilder story affirms that the ghost of the late Czar has been seen in the Regan Cathedral, and that a sentinel was found there half-dead with fright. As regards the Anti Nihilist League, a letter to the Telegraph alleges that it now consists of 5,000 members, but that its action has been paralysed by peculations which have compelled the Emperor to order its purifica- tion." The return of M. Houston to Tunis, after the circumstances of the recent trial, has occasioned great surprise. Once again M. Rochefort has escaped the charge of libel this time brought against him by M. Charles mel Lacour, but on the ground that he was only an accomplice of M. Delpierre, who wrote the incriminated article. Meanwhile Morocco has been brought within the sphere of the Tunisian agitation. The troops sent by the Emperor to capture Bon Amema united with the latter to proclaim a holy war against the French, The revolt is spreading, and the Emperor of Morocco has not the means of suppressing it. The Jews are having a hard time of it in Eastern Europe. The slightest pretext is made the occasion of an attack upon them. This week there have been serious riots in Warsaw, which have resulted in the arrest of many hundred persons. The liquor-shops kept by Jews were all sacked. It was said, apparently without foundation, that it was a Jew who had raised the cry of "fire" in the Church of the Holy Cross. 