FRENCH MARRIAGES. Men cling to their-wives for-various reasons: Through mere love of comfort as one is attached to a good kitchen utensil. Through habit—as one likes the easy arm- , chair he ia always certain to. find in the one place on coming home. Through economy—you could not hire a ser vant who would not cost you twice aa much and serve you only halt aa well. Through pride—just as one persists in refus ing to reconsider a foolish choice one has made lest people should talk about it. Through love of peace—a separation would cause so much scandal and create so much trouble. - Through self-interest—her dowry would have to be given back to her, and then she does the work of a good clerk.'/ Through fear of.public opinion; wbat.would the neighbours say, and her friends, and above all, her relatives! " ‘ Through imitation—Everybody ' else sticks to his wife, so one must do like the balance. Through decorum—lt makes a man re spectable. Through instinctive attachment to the chil dren one has had by her. ' ■■ Through force of character—Just ns a great soul bears a catastrophe without a word of complaint. , , : Through' virile dignity—One must respect one’s name, you know. Through legal cpmpulsion—There :is ,no canse to offer for a suit, there are -no -facts to justify it. - ' 1 ; Through ' religion The church forbids .divorce.-- Through philosophy—All women resemble each other. " • ; ' . Through a'spirit.of penitence—“lt is my fault, all my fault, my most grievous fault.” 1 Through petty vanity—Because everybody says, “ Obj what a splendid woman !’’ Through a-love of appearance—“ Bab, when, there is a sensible'understanding the wife will not interfere with the husband.”. Through prudence—lt is dangerous to lead a fast life. ' ; /; I; | Through - remorse ' of- conscience “ Poor little woman, it is, not/her fault that I am tired -of: her.”. -. , .' -.; i"| • Through spite—“ So l have|hsen caught in the l—let others fall into it also i" And how,'ye . trustworthy Bpqetlea|of domes tic worship, that T have upj these variations of conjugal attachment, find me the !household -that. I have been looking for, ;lo I these 20 years, in order that I may be able to ado— v _ “ Sometimes after a few months of married life a man still clings to his wife through love.” —Le Charivari.. • “ How are you getting along I” asked a widow • of her late husband, who appeared to her at midnight as a ghost. Ghost —“ Very well, in deed; much better than during-roy 20 years of mairied life on earth.”; Widow,(delightedly)—, “Then you' are in Heaven?” Qhqet—“Ob,, no." 