LAYING THE HEADSTONE OF ST. SAVIOUR'S CATHEDRAL. TnE above ceremony, celebrating tile completion of the stonework of St. Saviour's new cathedral com menced on theo 15th January 1874, was performed yesterday in the presence of a large congregation, who at ten a.m. assembled in the pro-cathedral where a shortoned form of service appropriate to the occasion was used. The Bishop, the Venerable Archdeacon Puddicombho, Canon Soares, the Rev. G. M. D'Arcy- Irvino, and the Rev. J. L. Taylor were present, and in the body of the church, thie Rev. D. P. M. Hulbert and Rev. H. Dunlop. The ltev. Canon Soares read prayers, the Bishop the Jubilate, the choir chanted the 122nd Psalm; and the Rev. G. I. D'Arcy-Irvine read a special lesson (Zechariah iv. 1-10). At the conclu sion of the service, the congregation, followeod by tlhe Bishop and clergy and then by the school.children, went to the new building where a platform was erected, on which tile Bishop and clergy, the Chancellor (the Hon. C. Campboll), and lIr. Joplin, treasurer of the building fund, took their seats, and afterwards by invitation from his Lordship, Mr. John Davidson, Lieutenant-colonel Holborow, Dr. Sly, Captain Rossi, the Mayor, aud Mr. Blacket. The 145th Hymn was sung, and appropriate pray ers were offered up; after which thie cross formilg the last stone was lowered into position, tile Bishop declaring it so placed in thle faith of Jesus Christ and to the Glory of the Holy, Eternal, and Undivided Trinity, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. The To Deoum was sung by the choir, and prayer being offered up, the Bishop and clergy divested themselves of their robes, and a public meeting was held. The Bishop briefly introduced the subject of the meeting, and called upon The Treasurer, Mr. Joplin, who iadeo a report of the financial condition of the building fund. £14,800 had been received from all sources; and £15,50. expoended. This, with £700, represented the entire cost of the building so far as it was now completed, and they would see left a debt of about £1400; but against this he had some promissory notes and the Bishop Ihad some promises; so that they might consider they had paid for those lofty walls, those majestic pillars, and those arches so beautiful in their proportions, which hie hoped would remain for centuries as a standing monument of their loyalty to the ChurCh of England. He pro ceeded to give particu!a:rs of tile amount of sub. scriptions received each year towards thie building, distinguishing thire I-Ion. John Camrpbell as tIhe premier contributor, whose gererosity deserved special recognition; and hie bore testimony to tihe fact that the measure of success that hlsd been achieved was chiefly due to the personal exertions of the Bishop. He proceeded to give particulars of the amounts of thie different contracts, thie con tractors being the late Mr. Turner and MIr. Duncan. The committee had become responsible for a cash credit of £5000. He tihought about £10,000 would complete the entire vork, including the cost of the tower. The Bishop then read the following address: About twenty years ago a movement was made in Goulburn for thie erection of a cathedral church; and it was then agreed that the plan of St. Androew's Church, Heckington (a country parish in Lincolushire, England) would form a very hand soome ard appropriate design. But thie promoters of thie scheme, acting upon the advice of the Bishop of Sydney, very wisely postponed it, until the diocese should be formed and the Bishop appointed. On the 12th of January 1871, at a preliminary meeting convened for thie consideration of thie sub ject, a provisional committee was formred, an appeal issued to the diocese, and an admirable design similar in some respects to that of Hecklirgton Church was obtained from E. T. Blancket Esl., architect of Sydney. And on tho 15th of January 1874 the corner-stone was laid under very favourable auspices by the Bishop of the Diocese and by the Ion. John Campbell M.L.C., and (in thie un avoidable absence of thie Ielotropolitan) by thie latt Bishop of Newcastle, the Bishop of Bathurst, and our lamented friend Dean Sowerby. It is a real disappointment that our excellent friend tihe Hen, \T?19P g?I~onbt? ?Pnelrs,~tiquL'~~~po~~lhcl,1sitfgL?r? largest contributor to the building fund, is unable to be present to-day. But we hIave his entire sympathy in this great and glorious work. It is also a subject of sincere regret that tile Metropolitan is still detained in Europe on account of severe ill ness, from which however he is gradually recover ing. We have to lament the loss of Bishop Tyrrell, who for so many years was a conspiceous figure in the Australian church, and of Dean Sowerby, than whom no one would have rejoiced more in the pro ceedings of this day and in this result, under God's blessing, of our past labours. But we have the ad vantage of thebo presence and advocacy of our faithful and oloquent friend the Honorable Charles Camp bell, our Chancellor. The cathedral system is of great antiquity. In the early ages, christianity wams subject to continual persecutions--when it was well nigh impossible to have buildings for public christian worship, as these would have been tihe objects of relentless attack. The first establishment of cathedral churches may however be traced as far back as the fourthi century. After the conversion to christianity of Constantine, the Rornan Emperor, many nobles and Governors settled large demesno lands upon the missionary bishops and clergy who had been the means of leading them to renounce heathenism; and the first places of christian worship are said to have booen built upon tile lands they freely bestowed upon the christian church. These buildings were called "cathedrm," " sedes," (cathe. drals, seats) from thie constant residence of the clergy therein. In England also, cathedral churches are of very ancientdate. Thoyaro of three kinds. Thosoawhich always possessed an establishment consisting of a bishop, dean, and canons, all living together in one cathedral city, for thie purpose of mnaintaiuing and diffusing the principles of religion throughout the diocese, of which the cathedral was tihe mother church. To this class belong all the old cathedral foundations which at present exist in England. Secondly, eight of the conventual buildings, which were almost peculiar to the English Church, were at the Reformation transferred into cathedrals with deans and chapters. Lastly, monasteries were like wise purified from gross abuses andl raised into cathedral churches at the same period. By this process the arrangements of thie church in England were once more restored to their primitive forma. tions, and reformed from all tie irregularities which, in the courrose of ages, had accumulated around them. And thus the admirable iparochial system was brought into arctive operation, so tlhat each parish might have its own church and its own pastor; and each diocesoe its own cathedral, with its bishop, dean, and canons. Thie chapters were tihebishlop's council, with whom he could consult ill all cases of dillicultv. They were liklewise useful (1), in promoting the public worship of God; ard (2), ill propagating the Chlristianr faith. Lord Coke informs us that in cathedral churches "all things were to be so ordered as might tend to the public worship of God, "which sas one of the ends of their institution, and an argument for tlrir usefulness. For ill tle begiunning of a church it was necessary for a bishop to hIave an eye to two things; first, to set up public worship in the most decent and solenm mranner, and in the places of greatest resort; aud tis was the founda. tion of catlhedral churches. Thie second was to gain as many converts as they could in dispersed places, and this was the foundation of parochial churches; which were as the synagogue to the temple at Jerusalom, being built for those whro were so far r-o. moved that they coulid not attend the solemn worship of God in thie temple. So it was in tle Christian church. Every cathedral in its first institution was as the temple to the wholo diocese, wherero tihe worship was to be performed in the most decent, constant, and solemn manuner. For Iwhicih nd it was necessary to Ilrav such a numbehr of ecclcsias tical persons there attending, as might still be ready for all thie offices of thie Christian chlrurch, such as constant prayers and iymrns, preaching, celebration of sacraments, and so forth. rUpon this ground tle institution of cathredral churches among Crristians was rr very reasonable thing." Thie Ccathedral church is tirhus thie parishl clurchl of the whole diocese; swhich diocerse was aneciently called t' "pirochia," until tile aplplication of this name to thie lessor branchels, which we now call parishes, made it, for distinction sake, to be called dioceso, ard no longer " pisroehia." The sees of hislrops srr, usurrally fixed ill such towns as wsre rnoted arid piselohsrr. Asd it was unlderstood that, howevser Ipoulhlus amld extenslive tile dioceeo of a brishop mighit be, it was most aIgrc able to tin episcopal dignity to plaeo tihe see or cathedral chlurchl ir somre largo and conesiderable town. Ani, furthlor, every town which hIsd a se5 of a bishop placed in it was thereby entitled to the honor of a city. In pursuanco of tile anucient plan, hlier IMajesty the Queen raised the town of Goulburn to the rank of a city in March 1803 by the following documentt :-" We do by these presents ordain and constitute tile town of Goulburn to be a Bishop's see and ile seat of the Lord Bishop of Goulburn. And we do ordain that the said town of Goulburn shall henceforth he a city, and be called the city of Goulburn. And we do hereby further ordain and declare that the church called St. Saviour's in the said city of Goulburn shall heoncefortll be the cathedral church and see of the said Mlesac Thomas and his successors bishops of Goulburn." The old St. Saviour's church, now removed, was notoriously inadequate to the requirements of the case. It was insuflicient in accommodation, unsafo In structure, and unsightly in form, with its boarded appendage for chancel. But though it was generally felt when I first arrived that a new building was imlemratively needed, I became convinced by an inspection of the dioceso that churches, parsonagos, and clergy were more imperatively required elsewlere, and hlad a prior claim to the attention of tie oishlop and the diocese. Thus tie schemo for tie catelldral church was againl postponed until the diocese lhad gained twenty- four additional clergymen, and also until twenty-five now churches and ten parsonage houses of a substantial character lhad beeoon completcd at very great cost. Aud whlen the arrangements contemplated at the cd of 1870 were completed the diocese possessed fortysix chlurlches, nineoteen parsonage houses, and twenty-nino clergymenc. At this stage iu the history of the diocese steps were takeno to collect fundes, and the cathledral was commenced as you heard in 1874. And now that the top stoie has been placed in position, we hlave to thank God for still increasing gains in tile diocese; for now in March 1882 we reckon tile chlurches at one hundred and seven, while the parsonages number thlirty-five, and tile clergy forty-nine. From theose facts it is abundantly evident that the building of the cathedral has not in any way retarded the progrdss of the diocese, nor interfered in any instance with tle buildilng of a newlchurchl. But tloprogress hitherto made with the cathedral lhas not !een gained withiout great and self-denying labors nior without a large measure of external help from clhurchmen in Sydney and in England. To God we ascribe all the praise. It is He who lhas given us this increase. Tile con. tracts for tile walls have been very evenly divided between two of our citizens, Messrs. Turner and Dunsean, who lhave performed their workle to the satisfaction of the architect, tile building committee, and the public at large. The same must bho said of tie late Mr. Horn, wholm we all mis: so muchl from amongst us. As long as health allowed be performed faithfully his duty as clerk of the works, and generously returned £140 to the building fund. When the balance of £626 due to Mr. Duncau has been paid we shall have expended upon tile foundations, tower, and walls the sum of £17,473 8/2. Unfortunately a con siderable sum (£1230) is due to the banku, for wliah of course we pay interest. Our object to-day is to tGank God for the past and take courage; and also to devise means for cancelling the debt and completing the building. Upon this subject we shall, I trust, gain freos light as we advance. We wvere much cheered in our early proceedings (oven before the first provisional committee was formed) by tle cordial sympathy and support of earnest chunrchlmen. A letter from a dear friend of mine in England, J. W. Cater Esql., offered £100 towards the cathedral fund. .Another gentleman, G. L. Houston Esq., who in Decemnber 1870, as a visitor, was travelling through the country, promised and paid £100. He wrote, "I was glad that, in the diocese of Goulburn, the bush, the distant parts, had received prior attention." The Honorable Edward Cox was also an early contributor of £100. Another friend, the lamented George Campbell Esq., whoso irreparable loss is deeply felt by us.nll, by his family, biy his parishl, and by the diocese, nrd who regularly gave £100 a year to the stipend of his clergyman, and litke his brothler was a ready fellow helper in every good work for the benefitof thi chlunch, subscribed £100, eleven years ago, and added: "Were I able I would willingly put my name down for £1000 for a work which I consider ought to be carried out; and should affairs prosper I will increasec the sum I harve subscribed." Johln Boocher Esq., saother earnest chrchmlon, and a true friend to every Christian cause, wrote in January 1871: 'lFor years past it lhas bheC a real desire and warm purpose of my heart to aid so noble and pious an .jdi,~jai gvjeontributisonef £1000. But circumstances my eowe'r ax plreesL ou unn- mun u thlan £100. This loes not represent my wishes; but I pray God to bless it to the honor of His great work." Now again we neoj sympathy, and pray thlat God will touch the heorts of tile wealthy to devise liberal things for the glory of IHis name and the honor of His churchl. This He lhas already done for us in part; for our friend, Mr. Finlay, on his return from Scotland, goeierously offered another donation of £100 if ten others would follow his example. The Heon. C. Campbell also spontaneously offered £100; and the fund has received £100 from each of the following:--The Bishop, the Hen. O. Campbell, the Hen. James 'Chisholm, T. Lewis Esql., the Rev. Thomas Watson, and A. G. Finley Esql. A similar sum will be paid by J. S. Hayes Esql. And now I am ready to accept offers of a similar amount from four or five others I WV. Conolly Esq. placed promissory notes for £100 in my hands before he left for England; and the Hlon. J. Campbell, Walter Douglas Esql,, and others, have again encouraged us by promises of further help. When we consider the origin and the design of a cathedral as the symbol of theo unity of the churech in a diocese, all parts of the diocese being united in community of interests under one ecclesiastical head-we cannot but wonder at the backlwardness of many who wait to be urged and pressed to enujoy the luxury of doing good. Nevertheless tie committee lookl to all the members of the church in the diocese for self-denying contributions, as well from a sense of obligation to help thes mother-church of tes whole diocese, as from a feeling of gratitude to the parish of St. Saviour's, Goulburn, for the large subsidies annually bestowed upon other parishes, as well for stipends to the clergy, as for grants to church buildings. A sum of nearly £8000, in addition to othllerlargo benefactions, has been contributed in the city of Goulburn within the past seventeen years for the benefit of all the other parishes of the diocese. Is it unreasonable to expect that these parishes, now advancing in many cases to tihe stage of self.supporting power, will, in return for past benefits, and in gratitude to tile Giver of All Good, cotebine by a universal effort to raise at least half that amount (£4000), and thus help us to roender the cathledral fit for public worship ? If eachl parish would raise £110 towards the building we shiould still be locally obliged to obtain or to contribute another suni of £1000 in addition to all present promises in order to menet our engagements with tile contractor for the roof (iMr. John Nelson of Sydney), and to complete the interior fittings. In conclusion I must add that costly gifts for the cathedral hlave been freely bestowed, e.g., a magnificent carved stone pulpit, the gift of friends in Engfland; an equally beautiful carved stone font, the gift of a relative; a most lhandsome and valuable silver service for the hloly communion, the noble memorial gift of Mrs. O'Brieu of Douro; and a splendid polished bransseagle, the offering of Frcder;ck Tooth Eslq. of England; and a carved oakl com munion table, and carved oak chairs from other English friends. Memorial windows hlave also been promised by IMr. and Mrs. Pegus Dudley, by the Hen. James Chisholm, by the friends of the late Dr. Hayley, by Mlrs. Woore, by the executors of the late MIr. Thomas Gale, by tie old schoolfellows of the Bishop of Goulbun, by the clergy in memory of thie lato 1ev. MIr. Graydonu, by the friends of the late Dean Sowcrby, by the diocese in gratitude to the Ioen. Johnl Campbell, and by the contractor (ier. W. DuiOcan) and I trust that I may some day be able to add by the family of the lato Mr. W. Bradloy, who in his lifetimo was a great benefactor of tie soee of Goulburn. Thu catheldral will tihuse possess, in addition to its religious and spiritual uses, a meonumental character of great interest. And it will servo in that respect to perpetuato thle names of some who enew Goul barn whena it was entlirely devoid of any of thu cigns of a Igreat oiy ; and iiamongst its public build ings 1 believe that St. Saviour's Cathedral will occupy the lirst place as to the beauty and charancter of its outward form, the position in vwhich it stands, and tile high ancd holy purposes for which it is de signed. With regard to the last I cannot do better than close these remarkis by referring to some of the early charters of Eoglish cathedrals-specially those whichl were founded at the time of the re formation. These express distinctly the desiro of my heairt for the spiritual benefit which should flow Iloem this cathedral. It is that it may " ever min tuain the worstilp and promote the glory of Ahlmiglty God; that Christ's holy gospel may be diligently and ipurely preachedl, and the sacraments of our saving religion rightly admeinistered by learned and grave men, whoe after thie exampnle of the primitive churchl may assist the bishop as his presbytery in all woighetior matters; thot the youth of the realm may he trained up in sound learning; the old nod infirm suitably provided for; and that from tbis, and from overy other cathedral as tihe spiritual muetropolis of the diocesc, all worhs of piuty and elarity may he ahundontly diffused to the glory of Almighty God, nod tile common advantago and happinoss of tteo subjects of this realm." Tie Venorablo Archdeacon Puddicoeubo moved the first resolution: That thuo talasevat whcllsh bo Ieee loeeo, toecloshn aith 11cc leeececec',s Reeeeat, ha rloleteel mlldee thu etlecetlon of thu The effect of this resolution would be to maho thoir friends throeugleout the diocese properly ncquainted with tie position of efifairs, and le tnolted eould relievo to some extent tlie biholeep of tlie necCeesity of being the prinscipal worleer in futuero as0lo lead lecen in the past. The sopealer thlen referred to cIis own position as incumbont of St. Saviour'o, and contrasted its comparative ease witle tlie dificulties that hlis predecessor must hlave encrcetered at the com muncensmnt of his career; and coesiderileg that feie past exurtions had been comparutively light, he pledged himself that erc long uvery member of tie Churcle of Englaud in hlis parisal sleould at least be asleed to contribute towards the completion of the cathudral. lIr. Jouln Davidson seconded the resolution. Ho hlotped that wclou tfle building solall he coempleted tfle debt will he but omall and would he soon 0 x tinguished. The catledral would be in overy way an ornament to tfle city, and its completion would form a subject for eongratulation to tie bisleoje and to all who sympathiseet with tlie good wovrk. hIany people hlad at first tleougelt theat tlie building was cocmenced on too large a ocale; but whlcile tleu alls hlad beenc growing the poulale tion hlad bheec growing also, and possibly in tie course of one or two gecnera tions tle. catleedral would be foeucd too small. If they were able to put up seele an edifice, tIley ought to he able also to pay for it, and tie liqeideetieon of the debt would he a source of greet gratification to tfle hishop, who very properly disliked tIleir being in debt. The prceenct buildineg he considered a greater fiece of architectural beaecy tisnac St. Androw's C(atleral in tlie metropolis, ansd bose svideccee tIlat tlie reertions of meumbher of tlie celuercle ice this dio ceset comcpared favorably with those of Sydney. Tihe resolution was tlecn put acd carried. Tice Bieshop mentioned that lee lad received apol. ogis for non.attuodance froee tfle Biselop of Nose. castle, the Dean of Sydney, Judge MIse Frland, and a neuecher of other geutleneec. He had received several promises of additional donations, including £100 from e Mr. Finelay, £21 from Hr. Isaau Shop. hlerd, and £20 from lire. Gihson. He proceeded, by requscet, to read over tlie list of donors to thle amount of £50 and upwards. The Chancellor, who was received with much ap plause, moved tie second resolutioa: Tloot l ccslessteiotoleefldse t be faes ecsssel, asse thit houyh sleceseseesec tee tIe suoleseu to eicfees cc hcicsg tIhes ceselee of else honildeclteseeeed welth 5aetlvsess'eetckleely owthhoriseralyh clole his eceegseeiou le n oe h eoely sesllns, t seil c eHee cussabstec the Cleseeele sI Idegilseld tee lees eeeelrIItc 5el siet seeI1IOJ ceeeelseels ustlcdleessleetlesfmlo Ln ueeeteei'.sseselsas asseeee a ~I~11leescoity ec lies elleejeceos shrlsel lee tIseltse sics . He thas e cauoon to reler to lie taut uhat thouge ticee cero ploresent aheect flire r sehtdred perAons, Coahedrly int ahove tirty ef thl number whrc adult onles. He 00 splesedcthelt if tice c oeetiogsere noe coIinected etic live-stoele ef sitte hlerunaeo, ie s weoule not leaveo econetiue case. He eohiatted lice idea heat the cathedral ceao to he leolsed uspac as lice Gearih lurtch of Gnherwoulbe, ancd aeid that it was is great part awing to a similar error heedt St. Aceldruwo' Cathedral in Sydhiey as still msesmbe d sfith a doht of £o000. Ae aiocedreci seas fer lite elmole diocese. If it ere asuced thly ceole tire lef drts wl neiles asay thanid ho aslbern eo eltriheslo to the butiding in Gothneern, tho acseer oussisd she, eoe uly heal it seas a eaticedrlf ich o very meom ehsr of ticl ehncch tirongiot the dioceso had acn interest ilee same us if lee lived cender the shiada elites ealh , hee also what ou e 4o0shurs lead largely contrihestcol toeard lico ceede of other etdetricts, nole noee tbo led aeaia en tilcom. If every noun, ceocan, nod eleild heloceg. log to lien Charct of Engiaced in thu diuresaeaontri holed an averege of too eleillicegsi code, lice aenoost ceasld ho £4~·000-osedietent Is pay for lice cempletion uf ltce huildiceg. Ho did ceot ticish the clergy should have to attend to tie collection of money; and havicng little confidonce in laymen, lee thought they must ecelist tile good oflices of the ladies; and he was secre that when tlley placed their trust in their dear clristian sisters they would not he disappointed in tle result. There wero four or five families in thu .Oiessoo,sceo if 5.lseeeocuec foreyard na thee sutht to do euseld place lico truaseccer heyoseo ale asacufy aa t tlie funds. Dr. Sly seconded the resolution, which was put and carried. Theollislcop andthe Archdeacoa then made a collec tioec, tlie anount of which his Lordsheip shbsequently anenounc ed was e£320 1./11, including £20 from hr. Fesitlfell of Springeleld, makling £10 from that familcy. Captain Rfossi moved: sne rels etoeso e snimrck of l theih ocel hle heol thoo cho opportunllity1\ of statin thtatohr m~lSe~il l ieetSings, asnr seetelles esetese econuseceeeted w ethceueeesmetisteeres, tele teaset etae ssillicule oeiesesnse ec tee Sielsoiod rsen ce;teesa in ilsetseteese ha tteenflclnd aillelet tos eostsishs ssoeeiy aelusbfhet frelse eee tie ssesaseo ilH hese htiasi, hisleolc ecslbeen Sihot ye privileece etted Se aseessing cesis enesied tescomt. In recly is a remnrk of the peeneolnor, lee toole lice opitcortm tiy o stating ls eat at oolier mesoisgo, as aell as oleefe solneseted eith ehereh mlturs, letece seas a diliteecity is getting a good atloodouco t and it had herec fiosed dificmto to ul ternhbsie a chueees er thist eseont buildin. He had lmin heen igly lt5'tc'eeged bee leaving witnesssed lice comacencomeol aced cecisieltiese of St Acesirew's Cafiesetl aced lice remenreeroenesll uf the present, and leo leeped to seo its completion also. Tice e Ncyor at Goulburn serended tics resoltion. \Vlee ic Itrlo i came to tisteihtcrsc, lice old echurcl seas bee uhoul Ieeo so~mo olato us regeirols its rosehectboca as tiles irecell hoildiceg. He lead siuro seen its ecnrpletioee acedl ie removal, aced had suoe tl ieu samo ticfic at Nortle Goniheerce, cecere trues first leaving service ice a building of Ihis own they hlad gone on to crect a lceurchl, which in its turec hlad hero found too scesall and had given way to a larger one. Ie respoese to a reqeCst freesm thie Biubhop, LiOut. Colonel HIolborow supported the resolution, and lead much pleeesure in doiceg so. Ho was much pleased eet tho progress mae with ttle building, and trusted that in Isarch nest year lee might witness its opening ice feroper form. Tue resoluctioce was tfeen carried. The Bishop expressed his ticankles to those who had taken part in tlie meeting and to those who hlad coccrihuted. T'fery shlould remeseber that their gold and silver camo from God; and he would asic Him to dispose ticeir hearts to giring, so that the committeo might go on with fresie cosurug and he able to coseleto tlleir design of opeeiceeg tie cathedral in tIeelvee ceonthts' tince. Thu doxology and henediction followed, and the adult leortion of tlce oerting dispersed, tlie children being asked to remain to plarltaeel of a treet furnished by tleu contractor for tie roete, lir. Nelsou. Tice workiseern employed oee the buildinge were then s leeliste seith leueceon in a room adjoining thle pro esetheelcel. Iulieete tgie proooeedings oee or two light showers of rain fell, and the conseuluent elovements amongst tlie meetieeg somewhat iceterfereed with the remarics of tfle Chlarcellor aced Mr. Holborow; but they were not setelienlet to he seriously inconvenient. In otler respects tlie weaticer wes very fevouerbele. We hlad istended isereceeeihieg someo details con cected wittl tlie buildiceg; but ticeso have been reselueld enneccessosry hy tfee address of the hisleop. 