The Advertiser MONDAY, AUGUST 28, 1882. We have received a copy of the proceed- <*> ings for the year ending June 30 of the South Australian branch of the British Medical Association. Prefixed to the reports of meetings and transactions! is a brief account of the origin of the ] society. The formation of an association j for the advancement of medical and ? surgical science seems to be due in aa ! i especial decree t->Dr. Gardner, though to ? Dr. Cawley tlie credit of suggesting the ! starting of a bj-anch of the British I Medical Association is accorded. The ! idea was taken up with much heartiness ' bysouieoftheleadingmedical practitioners ! in Adelaide, and ere many days the branch j was established—on June l'\ 137->. <Ai 1 March 4? of the following year the Soath I Australian branch was recoguised by the | central association in London. From th?ri until now the society h.13 progressed I satisfactorily, and the uismbsrs number forty-seveu. It must be gratifyui:j to them to receive the congratula tions of the general secretary of the parent society upou the continuing and in creasing success of tlie l'jcal branch. With evident satisfaction also the c>ac-il refers to the fact that meral>er3 of the profession in the oilier colonies liave during this year been in conununi- < cation with the council for the supply of i sjiecial information of a local nature. This is riglttly considered a proof of " the advantages to the profession generally of \ having a recognised associatiuu." E >ual!y J beneficial is the periodical coming t'j- , getlter of tlie memlters to interchange ! their views on professional matters an-1 to listen to and comment or the instructive , lasers read. It has been sensibly re solved that on approval paper3 s!iall ha published, and this will no doubt be par ticularly acceptable to country member*. Attention is devoted to al! <jueotions afloat. iiig\he rights and duties of the profession; ai:d as the society here is guided by the laws which rule the British Medical Association, it may be concluded that everything is done in accordance with the requir?ii"<r?ts of the central governing power. It was fairly within the legiti mate action of the council to forward a re}** B'*8 '* ?f *fce insurance conspiracy trial to the CJei-end Medical Council and I'ie Britisl*- Mcdi?-al AssoeLitioa. The re marks of thi.- retiring prvsidcut, Mr. Ciindc:iii:g, on this unsavory subject taurot l.'c regarded as tw string uad(;r iiie circumstances. He deiiied, ]>erha:?3 with unnecessary cmpha3:.3, that the profession had l>een disgraced aitd dis honored, for 1:0 rigiit-i:iinue-I per.soa would say for a w-nient that the medic J profession had been "disgraced, dis honored, snd dragged tiiro' the muiT' Ijecause two peccant members of it In-1 been com-icted <?f criminal and deba^inj practices. is made hi the report to the promised new Medical Bill, the necessity for whicli was urged upon the Chief Sec- i retary by a deputation from the society, i The changes asked for may l?e 111 .rj readUy oblainwl liore lha.ll t'-s refor.iK which have l"iig been discussed by t'i-i members of ihe profession in tha United Kingdom. Successive attciu;>-o ui tiie English Pailianient to effect desirable amendments have !>een frustrated ; aai even now, after a royal commission ap pointed to enquire into the subject of legislative reform of the conditions of admission into the medical profession lia? held forty meetings and drawn up a voluminous report, the prospect of legislation appears to be as re mote as ever. There i-s hopeless dissension among medical reformers, and this is strikingly reflected in the different opinions of the royal commissioners. \ They are pretty well agreed on points ', which were never really in controversy, j and which after all are matters of detail. On tlie vexed questions of "the mode of conducting the examination of candi dates for the lowest medical licence, or bare qualification to practice, and {with reference to the mode of appointing the council by which wm^irail education is to be controlled," there is marked divergence of opinion. Yet these are the principal difficult:!* to lie grappled with. Tin public La3 a right to ditntad lliat uo one ehiU bs lio^aj?l t> practice as a doctor wh-> his nut girj.i satisfactory prof of lib aVdity. B>^m diplomas Lave caused incal?:ilaM3 ra:.? cbief, and protection froinimjwitimrii* be insisted on. It is clearly essential that medical practitioners should be regularly trained at duly recognised institution*, nud should !>e licensed only by legally -con stituted medical boards, whose fir.it obje;t should not he a pecuniary one. Tin dtys am gone when a diploma was to be gut f<?r the tiK-ra (saying for it, and it 13 veil tint Teforui3 should take in the ia?iiwl faculty as in that of !atr in the dirdcti-m <>f severer ics'-s ;:f cspa<aty and a stricter ?v- . gard to i>mfavsi?;ial conduct. None es- . cvji* cainblu an-i trustworthy persons shoi-'.ij | H ' ik-eii.mHl i.'i assume the important j?ositi"iw.f a medical practitioner. Tll3 General Mniical Council, constituted by ? U:e Medical Act, !S5B, has c?rtai:?iy ; licit**! to eusure a better st?.ie of things. ?. Still it is complained that this Hotly itself < requires reformation Ha-sr this is beat 1 to be done is the crucial point. AV>ut J thirteen years ago a nutn?rouslv-si3ne4 j memorial was presented to tlse Home j Secretary demanding that some member* of the council should be elected by tlw '? suffrages of medical practitioners ; and tliis ; seenistvbcacceptedasasortofcompromUs ; by the royal commission. At present tli3 = General Medical Council oausta of . 24 roctnliers and a piesidcn';. Eighteen ? of the uieiabers are appointed by *ths '?? licensing bodies of the United Kia'^dom. ( and the remaining six by the Crowa. < Strong objections are urged to the direct representation proposed, yet it looks as if j these will be overcame and the point .10 resolutely insisted on conceded. ? The subject of vaccination enatr-isw.l 3 ! large share of the attention of the Sia'a j Australian Association during the jv*r. | A committee appointed to report on la 2 j subject did not think it necessary to enter ' into the question of the advantages of , vaccination generally, still they felt it desirable to mention, "in support of the ? necessity for a compulsory Act tint in Great Britain the mortality par i million for eleven years prior to . the passiag of the compulsory cliaie ! was 442 per annum, and f.?r ths \ twenty-live succeeding yeara 223 pir j annum.'" The position of this cil-ray 1 is stated to be analogous t> j that of England before the pi??- j ing of the Acts of 1831, IS-'.?, anl j 1871, by which compulsory vasciuatiwi ; was gradually enforced and due pr.>7isi.?<i ; made for the prosecution of violators ??i : the law. It is affirmed that in the last \ ten years 05 per cent, of children born in ' England liarc been vaccinated, and in Victoria—where vaccination is also oui pulsory—the percentage is 99. " The '. method in force in England—one very similar to which obtains in Victoria—is ? for the registrar to mark off in a special column, opposite the registration or birth, when such child is vaccinated, j If not so marked off the officer hunts up the child's parents, the effect of this vigilance being that only 5 per cent, re mained unaccounted for, and this include those which, die uuvaccinatcd, and those : which are certified as temporarily unfit for the Alteration.'" The committee re commended that compulsory vaccination . should become the law in this colony, and that in particular persons in the employ- . meiit of Government and all prisoners should be vaccinated. It was further sug gested that statistics bearing on the benefits of vaccination should be freely '. distributed, and that medical mm abould be better remunerated far. vaccination work. A s regarde the treat- j incut of smallpox patients, the cjiu- ' mittee, after proposing that two she-Is : should I*e prepared in which actual ca-ies ' of smallpox and doubtful cases should be ' separately treated, thus conclude their report:—" Profiting by the experience of Sydney, let us not immure persons with out smallpox in an atmosphere reeking with the poison. Let us not either reaih j that climax when a patient, by reason of t vexatious burdens on medical men, shill ! be unaV-lc to procure skilled attendance in ; sickness. We urge that special medical j attendants be provided by Government to j wait iij-on the smallpox patients, sad be- j litre that for tlieir own interest, if for n-i ; oilier, the ordinary ]>nctitu.ncrs will aroil ! spreading infection." Tlieseand other re- ; commendationsas to the supply of lymph, j Ac., vtre laid l>efore the president of the i Cenli-al Board of Health, who pointed out j that the suggestions as to the enforcement i of comi.nlsoiy vaccination, and a3 to ' vaccixiation of Government employes and : prisf/iiers, and the circulation of statistics j were anticipated in the framing of the j new vaccination BilL That measure ' v.iiich lias now passed bath Houses ' goes far to meet the requirements insisted ? c-u by the local Medical Association. j FoLLOwtSYi vat the practice which ob tained during the "Liberal" regime, Mr. Graham lieny has recently made another public appearance amongst liisGcelongcon. ititucnls, and has again plied them wit!i arguments whioh lure tailed to convince the majority of the Victorian Assembly. The occasion was a soiree of a somewhat juvenile organisation — the Australian .Natives' Democratic Association—conse quently the assumption by the revolu tionary politician "f the rule of political pedagogue did u. t involve the saius responsibility as an attempt on the fio-tr of the Home to convince people of tuaturer years. To Mr. Berry's mind it 13 a most shucking thing that while there are two establishments in the colony which hare produced railway locomotives in the past^ the Parliament should back up the Govern ment in sending out of Victoria on the pre tt-uce of emergency f->r a portion of tiu considerable number of engines require-.! at the earliest possible moment fur t'-e new railways and il>'isc r.i;?:diy ai>proaeliiiig completion. Certain m.?:.?. -bers who look u\>:m i?r.>te:?i<ni i ? native industry as the settled policy <-f the oouutiy, while prepared to give Ijcs.il matters all possible consideration, voted for ordering tweuty-five engines fijui England in consequence of tlu Victorian firms being unable to deliver them wiili sufficient diapatcli. Mr. Berry conse quently liings at these members the re proach of having been returned as adherents to a policy which they arc ready and anxious on every excuse of emergency to cast aside. Mr. Connor, M.L.A., another representative of the constituency, spoke warmly in refutation of his colleague's remarks, and put to him the very pertinent question—why during his long dictatorship he had done s? little to establish the industry of locomotive manufacture that the requirements of the Government in th\t direction could not now be locally met. The question of the loonut: .?es, iatrj iuang aa it did the old cry of proiestitra veiuus free trade, was, hovrerer, only on 1 of the subjects touched upoa by Mr. IVny, who awumed tTie {tOMtio-.i of a j?litical school master, and indizatjj t,> ihc young people of Gsrfwuj wlut i? statesmanship, and in wliat dircctijn political eueqry can best be applied iu yc-ats to come. He flattered himself s^ms w!;al vrhf-n he eKprc-ascd tlis thought thai youug Victoria would per]iv>s h\ra few <jr<xt ?iiicoti.)!i? to deal with, all ?!n?e being lively t:? us settled l.if ?ra the present suckling itoiiticisns c^aie t"? power, but be masnaaunvusly all?tte 1 t* them the task of retaining the br?*l a:i4 comprehensive conquests witicli had b*ea made. Tlie impartial obserrer would bs inclined, on taking a glance at Victoria,, to view the work of the statesman a? very far from complete, if indeed, su-h a work in any country could be on :idered as completed. In many of the ideas which, have bsen curie 1 .'nto practice the interests of sections of the-community have been studied rath jr than those of the community as a whole. Patriotism, wluch should be fonad ia fiueucine men who seek to guide the for tuues of their own land, has frequently been wanting in the schemes of th>w who Lave made the colonies their Itnme, and by force of character have early saz cc-eoed in taking the direction of aSair*. It is probable, therefore, that for state* macship directed by patriotism we shtll Lave to look to the native }K>liti'jian, ani tLat, in the future, questions will bs solved wli scli iu importance will ovcrili?Ja w anytJiiiig which lias yet been placed oa the page of colonial liistory. There is n?? gainsayiag Sir. Berry's pr>p->3it;.oa that "the better educated, politically, a people are, the more cortalaty there U of having fair, just, aud equal law*," but it is hard to follow the hero of Black Wednesday when ho l?lLi us tfiat the peculiar privilege >>f liis party is tint their platform is based on justice to all uscii. The nearer the community is elacitad up io the truth in paliticatl nutters ths sooner will just and equal laws be attain able; and when the members of tha AnsUalian Satires' Democratic Asso sta tion approach the highest; stages of th?t education Mr. Berry and his party, as suming that they continue in their present groove, will not rejoice m their support. Looking back over wasted years duiing which Victoria hw l>een beld back in the race of progress by political wrangling ; remembering tha many men of talent, independence, and integrity who have been self-exiled fn?m the Parliamentary arena, and the slippery aud rough-and-tiimltle representatives who now reign in their stead; and re viewing bis frequent defeats and the dwindling and divided ranks of bis some time ardent following, the chief per former in thejfaree of the Embassy stiH affects to Lave been an Alexander. H 3 did not "nghl his battles o'er again" at GeeloDg, but he assured hia hearers thtt "he thought the career of the Literal liarty in Victoria during the time he had. been a -public man, now something like tweaiy-live years, a career of whbk the colony might be proud." an! tLat if the native politicians did as much ?n the nest quarter of a> century as Lad lieen accompUshel boring the hist by those who had been brought up in the old country they would be entitled to consider themselves iueful citizens. It is to be hoped that ths Parliaments of the next twenty-five yean will do much more than has been done in Victoria during the last quarter of a century in useful legislative work, ani that they will not attempt to produce x record in the least resembling that of Mr. Berry aud his party. Speaking of the rectification in the future of mistakes made now in the laying of th.- foundations of the nation he seems to Lave checked himself and given it a3 his opinion that " with a people posses-ing all the political liberty which was necessary to enable them to achieve any object which was fair and right" there was uo reason that mis takes should now be made. The people who gave Sir. Berry their support, and who were wheedled by the time-serving politicians who followed his^ standard, showed that they possessed plenty of political power; but the political education necessary to direct it in the proper cliannels was far from being finished; aud looking back over the events of t!ie last few years the LujKirtial observer must conclude not only that mistakes wi'Ji the party were possible but that some Luga ones have been committed. The telegrams from th? seat of wir are of a s-omewhat contradictory kind, still tLvy C'Ctur in aiitiuuucing the victoriwii ad\a::ce ?>f JrirGan.et Wolseley's army. 7he iirfrish had mi Wednesday List ad vatc.d beyond Nefich, a pla:e already occupied by them, and then it aj?,->aara thi:t Fir Garnet with a comparatively Finall force pushed forward to the Asdara Canal, wliich he captured after indicting a heavy loss on the enemy. Th>3 wan a;?pa nriitJyilie first resistance eiic?u?itere?lsiats? the strut fri.m Ismailia, a:sd it was soon evident that Kir Garnet had to confront ui;txj)tctcJ odiis, othertvise it is hard to understand why he hurried on with & Lody of troops which, including Iwth cavnlty and infantry, numbered only liftei-n hundred issen. When route! at the canal the enemy was speedily rein fmxxd to the extent of 10,003. Vet u< >tliing daunted Sir Garnet determined to continue hb advance, and t? attack a town at wliich the enemy was retried to be strongly p <sted. Acting ?jii this resolution the Eng lish commander -iu - chief at daybreak ?:ii Friday proceeded rajiidly toward* Ramses, where the insurgents were in. \iiLzt strength, but after a sharp encoun ter they wtro routoJ, and their camp and siiimensesnpiilsesof war material and guns fell, with the t'.vii, into the hands of tha I'.nti^h. liamscs, othei-wisc known as lltroopi dis, is Eitiiaiied in a north-west direction fr<.>ui and from this the position of the advancing army may be pretty accurately ascertained. Having felt hi3 waj' thus far, Sir Garnet Wolseley manifestly i>erceivcs that to overcome the formidable opposition he has to face his troops must be reinforced, and accordingly additional regiuieuU hare been sent from Ismailia. Great bravery was exhibited by the Uritiah in their recent attacks on the Egyptian rebels, and their endurance was put to the test when Sir Garnet held his ground all Thursday, awaiting assistance to en able liim to assail Ramses. Sines the capture of tl- at place no thing definite has been heard from Sir Garnet, yet it is believed that he is still advancing. Respecting the position of Arabi, the accounts are lather conflicting. It is reported that a force under his direct command had been observed striking tents and moving in tin direction of the rebel troops concentrated beteen Cairo and Ismauia. A later mes sage, however, intimates that from recent reconnaissances made it has been ascer tained that the rebels still occupy Kafr duwar in force, and are, in fact. s!ii-nm'i?:iing that position. 'l*!i:? <?? o-iuse is ijv.ito compatililf wtih lU< ilo;?rtuif <>f Arabi from that (tUo.; with. ;i su\\-?!.' Nhly ??f insurgents pr.>l?V:?ly wst-'i i'-o\ic?" ?>f iiiipV'l^ thoHritish ;?-'. i'olv'.- Kjlver. where there are i?ver t.ve:i"y t'.'KUS&iui; insurgiMit lr?Mi?*. >'i' af s-.i:u ? -iiiiaLvnt vantaie V retreat ?>'-i K.-ifi\U?war in the event ?f defeat xnizh' ??txu be |H>ssi!>ie t-> Ar:il?i. u:i! >-.? k? tuinetl t*war*U I'-iirn- in the n??;^al>?i \--1..K-d of ?!ju-Ii military ju- ei*tratiotis ??a n v;vst seale are Wtiuj made foe a stand against the invaders, i'lvidrti, the ivnud?t:!>'i of tlu' \il.? v.il iuterferi* witli the advance of th.' I Lilian continent sli^>u!d it W ?>"derel t-i l.tke ilw ri-.-.d from Sue:: to C\ur.>. Aw.iy t:.-in the eent ml scenes ?-.f .vHT.iti.i'.i i'iveisionsare l>ei;a; tried l\v the rebels. Tl>e Bedouins have been repulsed in their ? .?\'s on Kantleh and Meks, whicli they were-probaUy eiuboldenetl ti> attjiok in I1 e I elief that the withdrawal of the mwi !dv of the British from Alexandria v.ould render them an easy pi-ey- The tobeis are also reported to have gathered in great numbers at Gheinleh. n>?t far fnnu the entrance to the Suez Canal, and -<? be menacina Port Said. The port is -.arrisoned by the British, and as the. Kv.ropean quarter was entrenched when ? he town was seized by Sir Garnet's men v.ith due precautions, which are being :aken, there need be no fear of a disaster :.?the Enghsh. It will be seen by our telegrams that the learner Gimp*, which mind at Sydney fi om Fiji* on Saturday, has been placed in quarantine on account of a supposed case of iwallpox being on board the vessel. The patient is ? native of Fiji, and has developed svmptoms which two medical men have pro- | I'cunced to be those of variola, The cap tain of the Gunga, however, asserts that the disease u not smallpox, bat one that is common in Fiji. A banquet is to be given this evening, at Point Ass, near Eudunda, to the member* for the district of light The Minister of Education wOl be present. On Friday evening. August 3ft, two fisher* men from Gknelg whQe netting off the Marino Bods, near Brighton, caught a large aea monster. After a long tussle it was killed, and found to ?icmuw 9 fart long, and weighed overs cwt It was towed to Glenelg behind the boat, and will be exhibited in the city. AJ fatal accident occurred on Saturday tnoming, August 36, to a lad named George Wddy, 14 yean of age, employed by Messrs. Scrymgour fc Sons, printers, of King William street. It appeals that the deceased was crpiged in the machine-room, and while going down stain slipped and fell a depth of some twenty feet. His skull being severely frac tured, the poor lad was at once conveyed to the hospital, bat it was found that he was be>oad Roman aid, and he died daring the afternoon. An inquest will be commended at the United Bervice Club Hotel this morning. The city coroner commenced an enquiry en Saturday afternoon, August 36, at the Institute Asylum, as to the cause of death of Jemmy Hewitt (an aboriginal^, who was f ennd dead on the morning of the 21th inst. at the rear of the Victoria HoteL Htndley* street. As the man had been m the hospital and left tht previous day in a healthy state. Dr. Ounlop, the house-surgeon, was not in clined to give a certificate as to the cause of death. The inquest was adjourned till Tues day nest, with a view of obtaining further evidence. On Friday, August 25. Mr. J. Kemp Penney dbpatched a party of 200 shearers and shed hauds, by order of Mr. P. Waite, to Sir Thomas Elder's station at Paratoo. Mr. IVnnev-'s oflices remained open all Thursday night for the rvoeption of men arriving from the country, and about eighty camped down en their swags. At 5.30 a.m. on Friday a tuove was made for the railway station, and l.y 0 o'clock all the men were seated in a special train of five carriages engaged for the occasion. The train stonoei ?a rowtr at North Adelaide, Gawier. Rivccton, and Sad ?J le worth, to take up estra hands, and arrired at Trrowie at 1 o'clock. The party were con vcytd in waggons to Faratoo, arriving there ?aitly shortly'after sundown. This was the latgert shearing party yet dispatched during the present seuou. The state of the potato market at Ms ir.t t??mbier is thus itierred to by the S,mf.'? fflf.'e m Sfor.-—" A considerable advance ha* takro place in the local potato market during tt.e |?st fortnight, aud £1 10*. per ton is new rtadily paid for any, lots olfer i:-g'. The quantity available is however, Muall. and it is questionable whether there tvmsios in the district enough for home con sumption after deduction for seed reauire iKcnts. especially it the same breadth be I 'anted with tLe tuber as last year. The titu-m &cre;? planted in the Botanic R->serva !???< l-ovn put dialed from the corporation bv Mr. X. Mclntosb at £10 per acre, and should ii xt season bo a favorable one. the specula tion should be profitable, as the land gels ths full benctit of the morning sun, and is higi above the frost line." One of the Herman papers report* from A i< van?lria that Arabi Pasha has ordered the !ife of Napolvon L to be translated into Ai abie; and at a recent meeting of his friend* lie taid with emphasis : " Napoleon is my tut del. I will do what the great man did ; ray, I?ill do more—l will found an Arabian Lii'pire.*' He endeavors to gain the reputa tkn of a prophet among the people by fre <ji ently quoting the Koran, and spreading re pot ts of bis having had familiar convewa ikLS during the night with the ghost of TVlahomct. On the SUthof June, as he wai <n his ?ay to the mosque, he suddenly | stopped and stared as if he were seeing a j vision : then he stamped bis foot on the ?ground, and declared that a gun had been l>tr:cd there. His followers afterwards had , < xcavations made on the spot, and a gun was icaHy found some feet below the surface. 1 he city coroner received a report froTn the ', I-olicc on Saturday evening, August 26, with regard to the sudden death of Mrs. Louisa M. Session, of Halifax-street, who died that aftcrcoon. On Sunday morning enquiries were made, from which it appeared that Mrs. Dillon, a midwife, had been engaged to attend deceased in her confinement, which <ctk place on Wednesday last. Short! y J aftci wards peritonitis set in. Dr. Gardner v as called in on Saturday morning, when he fcf.nd the patient in a critical state, and she died a few hours afterwards. He declines to ?ive a certificate, but is of opinion that peritonitis was the cause of death. The coroner, from his enquiries, did not consider an inquest necessary. At the same time he Mates that he has arrired at the conclusion that midwives and nurses are, as a rale, too anxious to get through their duties without M.rgical aid, and this seems to some ex tent to be risking the life of their patients for the purpose of gaining popularity in their vocation. 1 With regard to the construction of the telegraph line from Harrow to Apsley, the Ji'arracoortt Herald of August 23 observes:— : "The telegraph poles and wires between : Harrow and Apsley are erected, and as soon as the necessary furniture arrives telegraph effices will be opened at Apsley and Eden hope. It is probable that the office at the j last-mentioned place will be opened to morrow under the charge of Miss McFarlanc, and very likely the Apsley office will be opened next week. Progress is being made with the erection of poles between Apsley and rTarracoorte. There are two contractors at work, both working from the boundary. It is noticeable that the poles on the Vic torian side of the boundary are taller and stouter than those on the south Australian side. The Victorian contractor expects to finish in a week." In another paragraph the Herald says:—" In a short time the tele graph line will be erected between Narra coorte and Apsley, and as there are close business and social relations between these two places, a good many 'messages will proba bly be sent. The distance between the two is nineteen miles, and aa Apsley is in Victoria the charge for telegrams will be two shillings for ten words. Fort Augusta is several Lncdred miles from Narracoorte and yet messages can be eent there for half this cost. These small inconveniences—and th sre are many of them—make life near the border less comfortable than it would l>e if tfcat imaginary line were wiped off the maps. One of U e most interesting departments of scientific investigation relates to discoveries is what has been aptly termed "the use of ref i sr." A description was given in a recent number of Land of the way in which Man cl>ot(T disposes of its refuse, which seems to illustrate this proposition in a very striking m:nr.er. "The ordinary refuse from the dust-l.ins," Land says, "is first sorted out st.d dealt with according to its nature. Tvo lauks arc provided, in which fish, dogs. cats. Ijoi.ts, and slaughterhouse refuse are boiled down. The fat is skimmed off the top, and tl-.cn put into a canvas squeezer, from which <>?! is obtained, which sells at £2t a ton, the rt msining cake being mixed among the other mtMire. In one year 141 tons of fish and tripe r. fu- e. 13 tons of cats, and 7 tons of dog* liars >.? rn dealt with in this way, all of which wou'd otherwise have been thrown to rot ii(!Cti the ashpits in open aoaces, or to pollute <l'p river or canals." The Kim Stock Jonrnil, after quoting this passage, calls attention to <Ik> < if-nmstance that it is just such animsl oi) Bs* ti is—do?" in very large demand—which i-le-t fitted for the manufacture of "oleo u.ari.aiiiiC,'' aud which it fetching the price of c?od linseed oil. It a-li^ thit ?Jie rtw- j of thi* annual sujiply of iM tnnt ot .1-^1 cm si .1 dog* I<eiuc worked up iato arti.i.-iil *".lairy pnvltu-e " !?? ? g>K>i doat t<?<? ?r^i?- ?o It pleasant to the fastidious. But ai tb.> s?me time it is ro<V3sary in tho*> divs of < omi>cUtioti and enlixbtenment to bp careful : in marks >t. James'Oa:*lO) thit w# are not j ir.ore nkc than wise in resiiect of our supplies i of foe.U 1 Lo H-io-sii.tn 'itiieUe of June II contains j st sovwn! of the fatal aividont which re- i s>:'<..! i;i ll!.? death of <'?;>? ain Hope, of 1? M *<. ? S.srrj.ioii. I'ajrfain Ifopo was j:nt s'aTiir' t.i ii<lo <>ist to tbe racecourse on a ; Ik'im' Tared fi?-m a livery stable-keeper. Osf'*iu Hern' mounted, in the stable-yanl. ;-.nd. tJtc>ri>ingth>' rein-son his horse's neck, l>? oceorfed to put ?".n his gloves; withering ?p the reins he unfortunately pulled slurpl-?, catkins tho he-rse to ro?r anil fall over. Th? captain ? as taken into I>odd's harness-room, nr.<i Drs. Brodie. 1 loser*, and Ptike {the ship's doctor) were quickly in attendance. Ab^ut I oV'ock he vw removed to the hospitaL In j spite of everything that could be done, the j unfortunate gentleman never recovered i coKscic^nres, and died at half - past 7 p. m. Captain H?|>e was only 41 years of aze I He wa< born January -23.15U. "He was con reefed with the family of Lord Hope, of ! Hoj>et?wn. The seat of his branch of the J family is at LutTnees, Scotland. He had had an exceptionally fortunate career. Entering I ?he navy in March. 15,?4, and serving shortly a cter in the Black Sea as signal midshipman urder Aumiral I?rd Lyons, the uncle of Ad miral Lycns, now commander-in-chief of the British squadron in the Pacific he became a sub- lieutenant in March, ISM, lieutenant in March. l£ol. commander October. IS6B, and captain September, ISTti. While in command of the Falcon in ISM. he distinguished ?""? self by sevenl attacks on the rebel native worksTon the Waihi River, New Zealand. For this he was specially mentioned in the despatches, and received the New Zealand medal. Referring to the survey of the proposed railway to Border Town, the Taliara If ail in its iseue of August- i">, says :—Mr. Stewart, of the Government Survey Department, arrived in Border Town on Tuesday, having traversed the route of the proposed line from Xairneto Border Town. We understand he has been making a flying inspection of the portion to be bridged over. The reason for the inspection may probably be found in the fact that the Government intend shortly, before survey, to bring in a Bill providing for the construction of Che line. The engineer* ' ing difficulties will be comparatively light, there being no greater obstructions than an occasional sandhill to cat through, and a little limestone, which would make admir able ballast. Tbe coarse will be found fairly level all through, although a little rough country wilt have to be got over. From Border Town the surveyor followed the line to tbe elbow at section 553. and thence straight to the border, where, doubtless, he will be met by Mr. C. G. E. Barrou,the gen tleman surveying for the Victorian Govern ment from Dimboola to the South Australian Itottndary. The question of a junction sta tion is one that will require very careful con sideration ; then again that old " bogie," the disputed boundary—or "No Man's land"— obtrudes its unwelcome presence, and some j settlement will need to be arrived at before ! an intercolonial railway can be completed, j FaOing any other settlement of the matter of j land in dispute, the readiest way out of the difficulty would be for each colony to take half and are further bother. The LytUtlo* Times (N.Z.) has received from Messrs. Burton Bros., of Dunedin, a photograph ot a peculiar nature. It is that ! of the skull of a man named Weber, who died in the Christchurch Hospital in ISM. Weber was an unlucky man. He was born in 1321, in Denmark, and fought against Prussia in 1549, receiving aa his share of the campaign two bullets in the head and a sabre wound on the skuU. Still he recovered, and emigrated to New Zealand. In ISIj, the thickness of his cranium was still further tested by a circular saw at Oxford, which chipped a bit off bis right temple, and five years later he died of phthisis in the hospital bere. When he entered that institution in 1878, Weber was in an advanced state of consumption, and did not ?eem likely to hut more than three or four months at the outside. A wardsman madeabarpun with him to supply him with tobacco during life on condition of receiving his skull after death, and a formal agreement to that effect was drawn up. It j wss two years before the legacy could be claimed. The skull, which is beautifully photographed, presents a remarkable ap- | pearanre-. The two bullet holes are plainly i seen just above tbe forehead aud close together, both of then being cleau perfo rations. A comparatively-speakinjr enor mous lump of bone is gone on the right side, and another piece is partly separated from the cranium. How the man could possibly have survived any one of the wounds is a perfect mystery. The bullets were found in his bead after death, having been there for over thirty years. An important experiment, which is exciting the greatest interest in medical circle* is beiu£ , made at Leicester (the London Timrs s?ys) under the care of l>r. William Johnston, medical officer of health. There are more prosecutions for non-compliance with the compulsory vaccination laws in Leicester than in all the other towns of the kingdom put together. The past six months have witnessed very serious outbreaks of small pox of a very virulent kind in the midlands, and at Leicester a very considerable num ber of cases have been imported from London, Birmingham. Nottingham, and other towns. Every one of these outbreaks was stamped out by the following method .—The corpora tion have powers under a local Act of Par liament compelling nnder a heavy penalty, ! medical men and householders promptly to report the outbreak of infectious diseases, in- : eluding smallpox and fever, the medical men \ receiving a small fee for each report. In the < event of a case of smallpox being reported at , the sanitary offices, which are directly con.- ' r.ected with the fever and smallpox hospitals j by meacs of the telephone, an officer at ; cuce communicates with the institution, the ' removal van is placed in readiness, and beds ', are prepared for the requisite number of ; patients. Tbe medical officer of health and an inspector at once visit the house where ' the outbreak lias occurred, explaining the ? i.aturc of the disease to the inmates, and in variably succeed in inducing not only the patients to allow themselves to be removed to ' the hospital, but—what is of equal importance —in icuueing every one who has come into <x>cta<.t with the sufferer and everyone living ' in the tame house to occupy quarantine rooms ' at the hospital. The telephone is again brought into requisition, and the removals ' lake place with tLe least possible delay. Those in quarantine arc provided with every comfort and means of recreation Kiitil the period of quarantine has elapsed, ecd laeantime the house where the outbreak cectsrred is thoroughly disinfected at the cxr/c&scof; the local authorities." The Samoa correspondent of the Fiji Timu writes:—"The political affairs of Samoa are still in a very mixed condition. Consols a'sd captains of war-vessels have tried their hands at improving the so-called Government, with ir.ore or less success. The result is that we at i.-rrscnt have two king, Msiietoa Liupepa, styled King of Samoa, and TugunaTamasese, styled Suitnpu, or vice-king. This arrange- Tb'et-t has brought peace to the islands, bat, as it setms, no settled state of affairs. Some districts are still greatly dissatisfied, and had it not been for the threats of tbe German consul j-ercral, who nearly always has a war veM=el at bis command, and for fear of the other powers whose men-of-war visit, our shores occasionally, the strife would lecgapo have started afresh. Annexation is a thing that eventually will follow the T>rcsrnt state of things, but what country will be the first to take the inlands under its pro tecting wine is a thing hard to predict. The German influence, at one time so powerful, las in later y?ars sensibly declined. In fact since tbe departure of the former German consul, Mr. Wtber, it has loss prestige to a very considerable extent. The arrival of Sir Arthur Gordon is daily expected, aud in the prcieot state of things it is quite possible tltat his visit may turn the wavering scale in favor of liritish interests, and give a pre rfomiEating power to English influence.'' 1 he Fame correspondent reports:—"Business has of late been rather dulL Two American firms have lately established themselves here, *rjd are going in for copra; in consequence, tbe prices of native produce have risen rapidly. This has made the Samoans lively, lhey have forgotten all about their political qiiairels, and kings, ministers, chiefs, and remmoners are all busily engaged catting out copra. The German plantations arc row bneily engaged in picking cotton, and t be present state of the weather is very favor jiUeT to the crop. Unfortunately, we arc Wgincinf; to experience the same difficulties in procuring labor as are reported from FijL Employers will m-arcelybe able to procure the hands necessary for tb<> present year, while to look further ahead u more than anyone cares to attempt." A public meeting was held at.the Travellers' Rebt Ice, Houghton, on Friday evening, August 25, for the purpose of considering the. advisability of objecting to the junction of the Main Korth-Ea&tern-road;, south branch, being at Houghton Hollow, instead of at InglewGod, ana to that portion of the road between Houghton and Inglewood being struck off the schedule of main roads. Mr. W. H. Ind (chairman of the Higbereombe Dfetxiet Council, occupied thechair. About thirty gentlemen were present. Messrs. J. Mundy, C. Newman, G. W. Hibbert, and other gentlemen addressed the meeting, pointing oat the undcsirability of the pro j,otd alteration and r the great disad vantage it- would be for tbe public generally if the junction were at Houghton Hallos' instead of at IncW-wod, and also statin;; that the distance would lie greatly increased. The sul>jct-t having bpt-n ditrussod, Mr. C Newman proposed* and Mr. A. l'oisin?ham seconded the foll??-in? motion: -"Th?tthi? meptinp is of opinion that the jiincU-iu of the Main North-Katstoni roa-1, south branch, ln-irc: at Hoiurhton Hollow instead of at In-rtowood will be very detrimental to the interests of that {tortion of the public who constantly us?- tbo said road, anl that a memorial lie signed by persons concernc-i. ard be |>rrccntcd to the Commissioner of litblic Works liy the members for thf dis trict and a deputation objecting to the devia tion being made, and further ohjeeting to that portion of the same road l?a>ltii^ from Houfro?on and luglewood being stru -k off the schedule of main roads, as recommen'le.l bjr tbo. Local Road Board, Central District." The motion was carried unanimously. It was further resolved that the deputation saouM consist of Messrs. W. U.iincs and S. Tomkin son, members for the district, Hon. A. IS. Murray. M.I>A"., Hon. K. D. Uoss, M.P., the chairmen and members of tho. district councils of Hijrbercombe, Tara Wirnt, and Tunkillo, and ether gentlemen. A further resolution was unanimously agreed to th\t the District t'ouncil of Hiphercombe should I)e asked to take the immediate steps neces sary to obtain signatures to the memorial far presentation. A vote of thanks to the chair man brought the meeting to a close The festival of the Newspaper Pres* Fund, ?hich was held at Willis's Rooms, London, cr. Saturday evening, June 24, was presided over by the Duke of Albany, and proved a great success. The attendance was somewhat greater than usual, and the contributions amounted to nearly £L2OO. In proposing the toast of the evening His Royal ITiglm???? said —There can hardly be say password to the general goodwill and gratitude of English men more potent than the name of the Newspaper Press Fund. If we know any thing in this country we know the benefits of a free press; we know that the gentlemen of tbe press sre the watchdogs of civilisation, and that nothing can (go wrOEg anywhere without their uttering a warning sound, and very often snjnrestin^ some real and practical remedy. (Cheers.) The direct social and political power of the , press is a fact which we are none of us an likely to forget for a day. And yet it is the icdirect, tbe educative power of the press . which is, I think, tbe greatest of all. The , moet pervading effect on mankind is pro duced, not by the arguments of the press on points on which the various journals differ, but by the instruction given and the tone assumed by the press on points on which all journals concur. For, after all, the main function of the press is to be the contem porary and authentic record of the progress of the world; and the world's progress is not marked so much by the changing triumphs of occ or other party—by the shifting predominance of this or that school of opinion—as by the steady increase in the mass of knowledge and experience on which all civilised men arc agreed, and which ca:h I gecer&tion; inherits almost unconsciously from its predecessors. (Cheers.) And what it ' sivea me most pleasure to observe in the press is the increasing cotapletencss with which tbis world-wide record is kept—tbe increasing accuracy and fulness of the picture which th.? press represents to us of all the complex life and thought ar.d action which are coins on uj-on the surfac* of the slobe. There is rothic? now which the press does not chronicle — from yesterday's debates in London or Paris to the latest enquiries into the habits of earthworms or the last photograph taken of the sun. (Laughter.) And especially we may claim for our English press that it is surpassed by none in its earnest endeavor to understand the real condition of foreign nations as well as of our own, to draw the true lessons of example or warning from distant events, which in former times we should have been content to hear of in a very secondhand and imperfect way. But our press is alive to everything now, and when there falls on the worid some such sudden shock as brings our human brotherhood home to all, then it is that we feel how intimately the press hw entwined itself with our existence, till the electric wires seem the very nerves of humanity, carrying ina moment to ever corner of the earth the self-same thrill of hope or pain. (Cheers.) From every point of view we who arc not personally connected with yoor body may feel it a pleasure and a privi lejre, gentlemen, to advocate the claims of the newspaper press fund in your presence to-day. We would ask you not to neglect your own essential interests in the excitement of deal- I ing with the interests of the world at largo, j we would bes you to allow us to counsel you [ to habits of foresight and providence, and to support our counsel by some small practical token of the sincerity of our goodwill. For we cannot but think that your interests arc intimately bound up with those of the nation, { and we recognise that you arc not the repre- ; sentntivcs of mere private aims and private ambitions, Imt that, you constitute e body of public functionaries not loss important tlinn any of the established departments of the State, being, as it -were, the iimwrenanted servants of tbe whole progress and civilisa tion of mankind. (Loud cheers.) pThc South-Eastern Star has the following remarks in its last issue with regard to the case of an old soldier who was some time ago imprisoned on a criminal charge, and has since been discharged from gaol:—"On the Sr.d May last we published a letter from a i-orrcspondent signing himself 'Miserabili*,* scd callirs attention to the case of Charles Jones, 'an old soldier of many battles,* who received a sentence of four months* imprison mrst at the local Circuit Court for passing valueless cbequrs. Our correspondent alluded to the raltry amounts of the cheques, aud re gretted that an old man who hail served bis country so well and 'bad been in so many fights'"should be compelled to resort to dis honest means to procure the necessaries of life forhimself,hiswife,andtbreechildren. Jones ias now served the sentence imposed upon Mm by the judge, and is at liberty once more. He expresses great contrition for his lapse from tbe path of honesty andhopes in future to be able to eai-n an honest living. We have I-ten ajrain asked to mention his caw with tbe view of assisting him to obtain employ nunt and we willingly do so, l>ecause it is to the interest of society to reclaim the erring j tifbertban to visit them with continual dis- I-Uasure and thus drive them a^ain to evil ccun-e*. Briefly then, Charles Jones is the ton of a Grenadier Guardsman and was born in tbe army. He served as a trumpter in tbe Queen's Tjuwers for twenty-sis years ; was , through tbe Afghanistan campaign of ISs> to 1642; was present at the rescue of lady Sale, her darjrhtcr. Lady Havclock, and Lady McNaughten from AkbarKban at the Khyber l'a.-s; was present at tbe taking of JellaUa- | bad and Ghuznee; and afterwards at the stcrmiufr of Gwalior; he fought all through tbe Punjaub war against the Sikhs; his horse wasfchot under him by a shell from the Sikh guns and both his legs were broken; at the same time he received a sword cut on the head, which necessitated trepanning an J the introduction of a silver plate into the skull, arjd bad two bayonet wounds in tbe back. Subsequently be fought in the Crimean war under Lord Lucan and was wounded at lu kensann. He is now G9 years of age; as previously stated he has a wife and three children to support, and unfortunately bis wounds have broken out afresh which necessi tated his removal to the hospital during the greater part of his sentence. He states that he can do gardening and other light work, and we feel sure that all who have any feeling for Ihe suffering of those who have fought for tbeii country will aid him in obtaining em ployment, and perhaps render him some other little assistance that may make his de cliniog years as free as possible from the terrors of poverty." Tbe annual meeting of St. Patrick's Catho lic Society is to be held in St. Patrick's Schoolroom, West-terrace, this evening. A meeting of shareholders in the John Hill Company is to take place at the Exchange, Pirie-strect, this afternoon. The half-yearly meeting of tbe Adelaide and Suburban Tramway Company is to be held this afternoon at the Exchange Arbitra tion-room, Pirie-street. A meeting of the Musgravc Range and Xcithern Territory Pastoral Land Company will be held at the company's office, lioyal Chambers, this afternoon. A general meeting of the South Australian Coathbuilders'Cricket Association is to be held at the Plough and Harrow Hotel to nigbt. A mcrtirg of plumVrs, sasfittws, and iron workers will be held at the Sir John Barley corn Hotel this evening "to consider the desirability of forming a trade society." A public meeting in connection with the Irish National Land League will be held in the Town Hall to-night. Mr. Pierce Healy will address the meeting. Mr. Joseph Cook is to give a " Question box" lecture in the Pirie-stroet-, Wealeyan Church tbis afternoon, and in the evening at the nine place will deliver another lecture entitled " Alcohol and the Human Brain." The Adelaide passengers by the Orient steamer Sorata from London will leave Mel bourne for Port Adelaide by the Claud Hamilton on Tuesday next. We are Informed that the whole of the ?hares in the House, Land, and Mortgage Company (Limited) were applied for early on Saturday, August 26, and that the secretary closed the list immediately the 20,000 shares wire taken up. 