SPORTING TOPICS. By 41 Tout Cela," (Notice.— In this day's leading columns will be found "Hawkesbury Probabilities" and " Tips," founded on personal observation of the horses and local irlcariugs us to stable intooiions. Iu the Sportsman of Wednesday next I shall give my "Rundwick Anticipations," and hope to be in ae " good form" for the Sydney tf etrujtolitan as for the late Gold Cup, when 1 recommended the first two. At any rate, 1 shall be ever, day on the train ing pround, and do my level b»-gt to keep the SronxsJUN's supporters well informed of what horses cannot Lave any chance, us well as of those who may hare a look-iu.) The Amateur Club's meeting at Caulfield, last Saturday, may be declared a pronounced success, as was warmly acknowledged by all present, and will be confirmed by those who read the report given elsewhere. The after noon turned out truly delightful, the attend ance was lame, the racing proved excellent, sufficient sensations oocurred during the running to cause more than usual excite ment, and no serious accident happened to max the general enjoyment. The Sapling 6 takes were won by Mr. D. 6. Wallace's grey filly Duenna ; the Hurdle fiace by Rhesus ; the Amateur Challenge CupSteeple- obase by Oiowlight; the Selling Race by The Ghost; the Grand National Steeple chase by Left Bower ; and the Amateur Flat Raoe by Don Quixote. Of the 44 Tips" given for the various events, in the Spobta- hav of last week, there is every reason to be a bit proud, for throe out of the five abso lutely came off as predicted — which is 41 winning for in." I feel still more satisfied, however, at having completely ignored the chonoes of eeveral horses the publio were most sweet upon at the moment of writing— wliioh was two days previous to declaration of acratobings— as I purposely left out such animals in the Hurdles and Grand National, which was the popular double, as Sports man, Annie Laurie, Spring and Colling- wood, none of whom saw the post. For also omitting Left Bower my sole reason was a natural notion that he would be reserved for hie Rand wick engagements. Tkb Qawkesbury Spring Raoes commenoe to-morrow, the principal events to be decided being the Hurdle Race, Guineas, and Maiden Plate. On Saturday the important Hawkes- bury Handicap wilt be run ; and from the result of this race some line is likely to be obtained for the Raudwick Metropolitan. Elsewhere I give telegraphed remarks oi what is doing in Sydney re this introductory meeting, and my opinions as to probable results. Tub Ballarat Turf Club, throagh the thoughtful liberality of Mr. Martin Lougblin, are to bold a winter meeting on Thursday, 2Iet September, this being the date origin ally chosen by the Ballarat Hunt Club as the first of two days' intended racing, but now wisely abandoned in favour of Mr. Loughlin's far better suggestion. This gentleman, however, was not content with merely advining the desirable change, but showed that he knows the right use of wealth by offering the handsome sum of 200sovs. for a Ballarat Grand National Steepleohase, an event whioh alone must secure the suooess i of the affair. The only contingent made t xrae that the B. T. C. should place a Hurdle I Race of 100 soys, on their programme, and 5 this it will be seen by the advertisement the , anmrnittfa of the olub have gladly consented to do. The 44 bill of fare" oonristn of Selling l( Handicap, for 60 boys., one mile ; Hurdle a Race, 100 aovs., two miles ; Handicap Fist, 100 aovs., three-quarters of a mile ; G. N. Steeplechase, 200 son. (the gift of Mr. Martin Loughlin), three miles ; and Maiden Plate, 30 govs., one mile and a quarter. Entries must be made on Tuesday, 12th September, the same day as for the Ballarat Hunt Olub. Ta Maryborough and Carisbrook pro gramme has been sued by Mr, Buhlert, the 44 time-honoured" secretary of this spirited, country olub, and is composed as follows First Day— Maiden Piste, Selling Hurdles, M. and O. Handicap (11 mile), Novel Race, and Flutter. Second Day— Distance Trot, Tullaroop Handicap (1 mile). Steward's Cop, Handicap Hurdles (2 miles), and Town Plate (6 furlongs). Nominations require to be made' pn Monday, 11th September Thb newly drawn -up rules of the V.B C., and which have actually been adopted in South Australia, are still in abeyance through a delay in calling together the neoeasary special meeting of the club in order to have them approved of, or otherwise. A feeling of aur- Srisa his been expressed at this unexpected eforment; but the fact is that the A.J.C. Committee, an previously inemtionori iu these o-jliMn<,e( objected to certain items, and have only ju»t arrived at a decisiou iu regard to their alteration— but the conditions had not been officially agreed to' at the time of writing this topio. It is devoutly to be hoped, how ever, that the matter will be settled before the Raudwick Meeting, so that things may not get mixed." The "Turf Register" for 1882, has jost beou issued, and its contents appear to increase in quantity as well as in importance, for this year's book has swelled into quite a volume of racing lore. Besides publishing con 'le used reports of all meetiugs deferring record throughout the colonies, tbo present number devotes no less than 84 pages to entries for forthcoming events, and also gives the following instructive and useful informa tion, viz. The Rules of Racing agreed to at the late conference between delegates of the various colonial olubs (whioh may be yet somewhat amended) ; the Rules of the Viotorian Betting Rooms ; the Lengths of Principal Courses ; winners of Pa>t Events ; list of Registered Colours; sales of Blood Stock. etc. Th book it- still well brought out by Messrs. Sullwcll and Co. (excuse the accidental pun), and the turfite who fails to become possessed of a copy will miss haviug for ready use as necessary an item as is a text for a aermou, or suit for soup. Mr. S. Gardiner, of Buodoora Park, is one of the earliest in the field with an au- , nounoement of stallioua to staud fur tbe season at bis well arranged breeding estab lishment, and be puts forth a list of very varied blood. Angler, by the famous im ported Fixhcrmni), out of the grand imported mare, Msrchioucs", is tbo special pride of the s'ud — nud well, indeed, may he bo s i, con sidering that araonirst his get have been such cracks of tbe Australian Turf as Uobinsun Crusoe and Progress. This hore is wisely limited to 10 mares, exvapt those of his owner ; and the price ii 50 guineas, so as to euNuru a positive commercial value for tho stoi-kof so successful s tiro. Tubal Caiu— to whose credit tho Champion winner, Corio- Iauus, is scored, besides such promising ?ouuir6tt>rs as Prometheus, Golden Butterfly, roumaiti-r, and Ironclad— is next io rank, his terms being 30 guineas ; and then comes the new Rcquieitiou, The Marquis— winner of the English Two Thou-and and Leger— who, although 44 bought turnsong" theothcr day, has a viporons constitution despite his years, aud a V.R.C. Derby may yet rpriug from his loins if nicked with such wares as ho now will have the opportunity of matins-. Hip price is only 12 guineas, and a few oliauces should be atf irded him at such a cheap rate. Quambmie, by M itihyrnong, is advertised at tbe trifling ice of 8 guineas, and such a powerful horse tbuuM get capital ooltu for the Indian Market if roomy half- bred mares be selected for him. Highflyer, a grandly tnado Coaching Stallion— with a pedigree well worth perusing, as it combines both gallopping uud trotting— is the latest addition to Mr. Gardiner's thoroughly 44 all round" lot, this ueutlomao having given a long figure for him at tbe Horse Gale la-t week expressly for tbo purpose of giving breeders a show of raiting a much needed cla»sof animals—' viz., well-bred, upstanding, And active carriage horses. Ho is to have only 30 outside marep, and the terms are 12 guinea. I hope that the enterprise aud judgment evinced by the Bundoora squire will meet their due return. Several of our now numerous trotting oelebrities were put through their paces at Boccaccio Park, lust week, before the Marquis of Normsnby aud party, his Excel lency being desirous to see the American nags rbow a specimen of their individual speed, it having been impossible to form any opinion of tbtir respective ability when parading at the Show Grounds. Boccaccio, Contractor, aud Startle— who have been sometime in Victoria, were fully extended, aud moved in a style which showed they bad become well acclimaM-i-d. Leu Rob, the recently-arrived stallion purchased from Governor Stanford, of California, showed capital pace and action, oomideriog he has but just lauded; and the maree who accom panied him from the States alao did some fast quarter milve. His Excellency expressed himself tp Mr. Roberts as much gratified, and declared his hnpo that trotting might become a successful addition to Australian port. The objeotion made by a very select few of the Flemington trainers to the presence of tout on the Saltwater Flat — and which oaused Mr. Byron Moore to issue the ciroolar published last week — has not met with any sincere sympathy, the complaint being con sidered both childish and uncalled- for. For my own part, as stated before, I am free to declare that the fault- finders are crying 44 wolf" without oause, for thoy always nave the remedy iu their own hands of being able to send the professional watchers away iu the extremist of ignorance, by puttiugup weights in any supposed trials which would make tbe reaults of the gallops a Delpbio mystery to 1L but those in the secret. Moreover, it is a well-known fact to experienced sportsmen that nooo more than trainers themselves like to read how horses working elsewhere— or not being on tbe ground at the same time as their own charges— are doing in their pre paration. A double event sweep, announced by Grattan and Co., of Sydney, gives the tempting offer of 10,000 to 1 agaiuet tbe eventual winners of tbe Sydney Metrop. and Melbourne Cup, and somebody or other amongst the subscribers . must perforce pocket this tempting as well as legitimate price. Moreover, for the sake of increasing the chancea, and lessening the risk, tickets can only be obtained in batches of four, at the absurdly low venture of 5s. for eaoh, or £1 for the quadruple investment. Although, therefore, the indi vidual tickets amount to a eeeminglv large number, they are aotually reduoed to a fourth of what would appear au unlikely list to fill ; and tbe Three Frizes announced are enough to tempt a miser or a saint to try his luck— i.e., £2600 for the first, £500 the second, and £200 the third. The way this division is made is very simple, it being settled by the plaoed horses in the Melbourne Cup, with whioh the winner of the Sydney Metropolitan must inevitably have been coupled. Thb Pleasant Creek Club have decided to hold their annual meeting on tho 15th and 16th February, 1683. Tub youngsters pieced by Mr. Joseph Clarke in the hands of Mr. F. F. Dabin to be trained for their Spring eneagemente have gone back to Mr. W. J. Clarke's establishment at Suubury, as they did not show sufficient promise to justify a continuance of their racing education. Tint committee of the Warrnambool Racing Club have been relieved from the pereond liability under which they have so long laboured for the heavy debt incurred in building their excellent etone Grand Staud, besides other course improvements. Con- eequentlv, the receipts which hare hitherto been deVolod towards paying off this first cost can be devoted to increasing the value of stakes ; and Warrnambool now has a racing future which it is to be hoped will be rendered prosperous by a careful admixture of liberal and well considered programmes, es well as by choosing dotes of fixtures when the weather jnay he tumble. It will be recollected that Himalaya, the wonderfully developed grey steeplechaser, was injured when toppling over the third fence in the late V.R.C. Grand National Steeplechase, the hurt being in the off hock, which afterwards proved to have been dislo cated. With great difficulty ho was got away from tbe coarse, and the distance to his quarters iu Rows' a buxes at Caulfield bring too far, he was placed iu slings at M4Cul - Inch, Smart and Cu.'s horse yardn. At first he Meemed to be going on well, but towards the end of last week signs of mortification B9t in, and on Saturday the veterinery surgeon in attendance deemed it neoessary to destroy him, which was dose by cutting the jugular vein. A notice of motion has been given in oar Parliament by Mr. Fisher, of the 14 fixing eye," aneut introducing 44 a Bill to amend the Law relating to the Suppresrino of Betting and of Gaming Houses." The fellow- member of Mr. Oacawl M'Coll took the trouble to explain that his special object is to put (Iowa 44 public sweeps;" o Messrs. Boz, Arch-Medium, Oracle, and Co., be pre pared to retire iuto private life, and to do penance besides, for the stern legislator's searching optic (not the BelCs Life famous eye) is on you. Mr. George Yowxes, whose frequent pro ductions of late have shown him to be a suc cessful as well as conscientious hamlicupper, has been apppointcd tofrumo the weights for the .Maryborough Meeting on the 27th and 28th September, and the Melbourne Hunt Club Meeting on the following Saturday, the 30lh. Fleur-de-lis — the dam of Wolloinai, who won a very sensational Melbourne Cup and landed bis justly popular owner something orer £10,000 in wagers — lms departed ibis life, much to tho regret of Mr. John Cleeland, who regarded her as "one of the family" almost. However, she will hare well-bred grandchildren to keep her name and fame, for Mr. Cleeland possesses two nice young marcs out of this favourite dam, both of whom will shortly drop foals to King of tbe Riog, the pride of St. Albans. By New Zealand files I notice that the dam of Mata, aud ths dam of the almost equally known local celebrity Hornby, each dropped twins to imported Musket, but unf ort unately they were dead. This mishap is greatly to be regretted, but the fact trils strongly in favour of Musket's vigour as The long pending decision about Prattle's right to tbe rony Race, for which she came in first some time since at Kensington Park, haB now bcon declared, the little mare being dis qualified for in- uffiiiou1. description. All bets about Prattle are off, and the Busy party are to receive both stakes and wax rs. _ NaroLEON, who has for some time been know n m not very successful either on tbe flit or owr the little flicks, has become tbe property of Mr. Charles Fleming, the metallician, and in whose interest ho ran for the Caulfield Grand National, having been backed over night to win a large stake. His rider, Sam Floyd, had £100 laid him to nothing, and tbe horse was going really well when he suddenly came to grief. A DEsnupnON of the celebrated Kingclere Establishment, where th» Duke of Westmin ster's horses urexiow "put through the mill," nppoarN iu to-day's Sportsman, and will be pet used with pleasure by the many whu take au -tciWe imprest la iquiue education. Shot- over, tho late winner of the Two Thousand Guineas and Derby Double, is the property of His Grace, and of course was 44 turned out" by Porter, the present Kingolore trainers. Mb. Savill, of Adelaide, has postponed his contemplated visit to the old couutry after all, and is once more located at Flemington for h while; his presence amongst uh being h' nrtily w elcomed again. When his hordes wcro fiubmtttfd at suction, as announced, the prices offered were not sufficiently tempting rir him to pert with thorn, and he therefore sol 1 only two or three minor lote. Accord ingly, he has brought here the powerful 44 string" under his charge, and which con tains Prometheus, First Water, and Savanaka, besides his own well-known horses The Assyrian, The Hebrew, and Footstep, aU > a couple of Maribyrnong candidates named Delusion and Laplander. The programme of tbo Spring meeting of tbe Bendigo Jockey Club appears in our advertising columns to-day. Tho meeting takes place on the 15th end 16th November. On the first day tbe principal event is the Sandhurst' Cup, of 280 sors., the distance of which has been reduced to a mile. There are also the Epsom Handicap, Telegraph Stakos, and Hurdle Race. On the second day, tbo Bendigo Handicap, of 150 soys., and the Steeplechase, of 100 eovs., are the most prominent items. 