Nfi titci>lieiif0 Prcsliyfci'liiii dllll'Cll. me annual ica-tnocungin connection with this Church was held in tho Town Hall on Thursday evening last, and turned out, as was anticipated, a most unqualified success. A large company filled tho tables which were erected throughout the entire length of the hall, ami it is needless to say tliat they gave ample proof of their appreciation of the cater ing tnlcut of the promoters of the soiree, by the rapid way in which they mode tho viands disappear, and the frequent calls which were made to replenish the tea-cups. The tables were presided over by several lady members of St. Stephen's congregation, who were most assiduous in their endeavours to make their guests comfortable ; and their efforts were nhly backed up by tho ofllco bearers and various otlior gentleman members of the church. After a pleasant liour-a»d-n- balf had been spent in this agreeable portion of the pro ceedings, during which time each seemed to be come in thorough good humour with himself and his neighbours, the tables were cleared, and preliminaries arranged for the holding of the after mcetlug which had been determined upon. Tho proceedings of this portion of the evening programme were opened by the singing of tho 100th Psalm. The licv. W. 8. Italbjcn, tho pastor of the congregation, who occupied tho chair then intimated to the large audience that lie had received apologies from certain gentlemen who meant to have been present bad not other circumstances intervened to prevent their doing to. Those included the names of Messrs. W. H. Groom and 11, Aland, Ms.Iv.A., the respected members for the district, whoso presence was required in Brisbane, ami the itcv. E. Higblctt and the Rev. Thomas Jones. Ho regretted tho absence of these gentlemen very much, as It had been intended to give them a very lienrty welcome. His own name was on the programme for an address, but he thought it would ill become him to make a lengthy address seeing they had so many speakers on tho platform, and so much nice music to be performed. He might tell them tho pleasure it gave him to preside at such a gathering, which was nominally a Presbyterian annual gathering, but in reality was a gathering of the various sects of the christian church in Toowonmba. He was proud of tho unity of christiau spirit which was displayed iu tho town, nnd the meetings which were held from month to month materially assisted to increase this spirit of unity amoogst them. He dwelt briefly on the various methods by which christians could benefit by fighting against the common enemy, encouraging to increased zeal in the Master's work, and recognising one another n9 christians nnd as brethren. The choir of the church, assisted by a num ber of friends from other denominations then sang the anthem " I will extol thee," Miss Gentle presiding at the organ. The choir sang several pieces of sacrccl music during the evening at intervals between the ad dresses, and were under thcconduct of Mr. J. fi. Pomfrct, the leader of the psalmody of the church. The Chairman introduced to the meeting tho Kcv. Dr. IY.L. Nelson, as the first speaker of tho evening, and understood that that gentleman had received a written invitation to speak on " the revealed idea of the God head" from a gentleman who was particu larly interested in tho subject. Dr. Nelson said that it had been only that day that lie had been asked to speak on the subject referred to, ami it was one which ^re quired exactness of state ucnt iuitsdcfinition. The subject was " The Divine Idea — Trinity in Unity, or Unity in Plurality illustrated," which he would endonvour to make plain to them. Iu lliiusolf Gent knew, felt, and willed. These three formed tho notion of a rational spirit. They could not bo detracted from nor added to in tho human conception of a rational spirit. They were the essentials of its being or existence, nud belonged to all spirit whether of the Infiuito Creator or finite creature. They might vary in any net i\, Micro might bo in it more of one than tho other. Intelligence or feel ing might superabound. Thus in the very notion of spirit they had trinity in unity ; knowing, feeling, willing, each cjmplimontary and eo-onlinato. (1.) Any one of these implied personality. They each involved action; atiu in their exorcise was recognised what was called person. The idea of person could not be reached in any other way. God is a spirit, and possesses per sonality. No conception, of knowing, feeling, or willing, could exist apart from personality, and any attempt to think otherwise only ended in a muddle. (2.) In the divine per sonality there was trinity in unity. The three functions of intelligence, sensibility, ami will wcro God's, and were ascribed to Him in the Bible. Intelligence—" He knows the secrets of the heart " ; " His understand ing is infinite." Sensibility— " Takes pica- euro iu them that fear Him"; " Clod is love." Will—" My counsel ulinll stand, and I will do all my pleasure." llut as ono or other of these attributes preponderated in auy action, a distinct and separate personality was brought to light. Thus when will or force pre dominated the Father was the principal agent ; when sensibility or form preponder ated the Holy Ghost was the agent. Tho Father Jehovah willed or was the power; the Son was the form of God, his express image, uis owwnru lunnucsiaciou. in uim was all tiic fulness of Godhead bodily ; and the Spirit was the intelligence, the truth, and comforted by making known tho truth. (3.) To this tho functions uf these three exactly corresponded. Thus willing or purposing belonged exclu sively to the Father. "He works'all things after the counsel of his own will," nnd "As I have purposed so shall1 it stnud." In the same manucr it was the function of tho son to give form by keeping up communication of being with iking, nnd giving again to tho soul of man the form of God. Being tho. image of God he was the medium of commu nication— tho Mediator giving tho bodily manifestation of God's creature, providential, nnd gracious purposes. By Him wero all things made nnd consist. Hence ho was the diviao idea to mail— the perfect model and pattern, aud the medium of access to God. " No mau comcth to the Father but by me." Likewise intelligence was the function of the- Holy Ghost, lie is tho spirit of nil truth and guides into all truth. He gave the intelligence of the trnc in the soul, and executed the offices of the sanctificr and comforter through the truth. Thus the Bible teaches " 1 am " to be the Almighty God, " merciful and gra cious " in the person of ids son, nnd communi cating himself to man in the person of the Holy Ghost. (4) Thus the Godhead— tho one God in carrying on actions in which nny one of the three essential attributes to the motion of a rational being, or to personality, was said to act in that personality, and the functious of each were ascribed to the one Almighty God. On this ground the idea of the Almighty Divine One was presented in tho Bible— trinity in unity and unity in plurality ; and it was on that platform that tho trinitarinn nod the evangelical unitarian could meet nnd adjust their differences ; and it was also on this ground that the glorious gospel of the Blessed Jesus found nn in- tnlliL'ihln foiinrlfltinn. nnd rnnroil Its bond nc tho glorious structure of indestructible magnificence, the wonder nnd tho admira tion of the universe. The choir next sang the quartette—" Glory to God on High." The Rev. J. T. Wnmkcr next nddresscd the meeting. He was present to congratulate the Clinirraan, nnd to sympathise with him as a fellow minister in Tooivuoraba. lie thought il must be a matter of congratulation to him to see the respect in wliifcli ho was held by the members of every other christian denomi nation in Toowoomba. He supposed he should say something about their proposed new church. He saw some very pretty plans before him, nud he would just simply say, brick was much better than wood, and stone better thau brick. He would rctniod them of the proverb "Nothing vcuturc, nothing win." They had reference to go-ahead people, of speculative tendencies. The men who bad done most benefit to society in the past were men who ware ready to venture when an opportunity presented itself. This .vns so even in the early days of tho church when the apostles showed themselves willing to obey the bidding of their Lord, and went fortli to preach the Gosjiel to every creature, and turned the world upside down, He was sorry to say they wero rather slow about thut kind of thing now-a-daya. There were two many buffers in the church work in the present day, nud not enough steam. The people were too prudent — they had too much Scotch caution about them. But seriously he thought it was tiuiu that they madoamovo for a new church, as the old ono was a dis grace to them . How ever their minister had the patience to go on aud preach from Sun day to Sunday in such a building was a mystery to him. When business people wanted to improve their trade they chose fresh and better positions than they formerly occupied. Why should it not be so with religion/ As -nti illustration of what could be done by a spirit of vcuturc, tho reverend speaker recounted the history of Bullcr's liorac for destitute boys on Asbloy Downs, where 2000 wcro housed and educated, even although no positive income was available, but through prayer and faith the establish ment was maintained by voluntary sub scriptions. In conclusion ho hoped the con gregation of St. Stephen's would be success ful in their efforts to build a new church. Of whatever material it might be constructed he hoped it would contain many living stones, which would form a portion of that spiritual temple which God was raising in the world, nud which should last when all other | structures should crumble iu the dnst. I The choir then saog a hymn, I Tho Rev. E. J. Rodd was the next speaker. After a few introductory remarks lie said be felt he should bo emulated in his own church work by the example set that evening by the chairman nnd his people. The kindness dis played by the chairman to him since he had corao to Toowoomba ho felt to bo ono of the ways by which they could show themselves brethren. lie thought their meeting that night went a long way to solve what seemed a somewhat difficult problem. They hod pro- vided recreation for their jwople of a cheerful and a sensible nature. They were in the habit of discountenencing amusemcntn of a certain kind hitherto, but they had failed to create something rational nnd enjoy- able for tho people in their stend. Tlicy hnd prohibited their lambs from skipping and playing in other postures, hut had provided no plnco in which for them to dis port themsolvcs. Tho church would havo to take this phase into consideration, which bo maintained would bo followed by good re sults ; nud they would find that instead of healthy amusements being prejudicial to church work, it would bo the very means of conserving her best iutorcsts. Theso re unions did a great deal of good ; they had good music, good speeches, good humor, nnd when they mixed up in such a gathering they began to find out what n really decent lot of people thoy were. Ho had been struck by the enthusiasm which had been evoked that evening amongst them. It was refreshing to see this enthusiasm, which was a proof of the latent power which was in their church rocintars. litis Intent energy might be pro fitably tumed to account There was a great deal of work to be done in the church, and ho only wished that thoy could find the workers increase in the same mtio as the work increased. They wanted sympathy and interest in tho church work, and from whom should they look for such but from tbeir own people. The suggestion for a new church was a sign that thoy had life, and progress, and energy in their midst. It would be a good thing for them, for the town, and for the corporation authorities that this church should be erected. It would be much more convenient for themselves and it would beautify tho locality where it was about to be erected. Tho speaker concluded by some jocular remarks nnd nnccdotcs in regard to tho new church being about to bo erected immediately opposite his own church, nnd wished St- Stephen's congregation crcry success in their undertaking. A sacred solo was then sung by Mrs. Hardy iu a pleasing manner. The Rev. Richard Kerr, of Allora, next addressed the meeting at some length. After expressing the variety of emotions created in his mind by the meeting, aud the pleasure it bad given lihn to be present, ho made an nmusiug explanation of the difficulties which arose In a young minister's mind on an occa sion such as that, to make an original, a witty, and nn eloquent speech, in all of which it was ualurat afterwards to find that he had failed. He finally gave un address on church growth in its various phases. There were the internal and external growth of churches, or the spiritual groifth of tho members, and tho numerical growth of the people. There wero two phases of tho inner and outer growth, nnd ho maintained that whilst tho outer growth of tho church was an excellent thing to contcmplato, the spiritual growth was of far more paramount importance than was tho numer ical growth of the church. They might have nn increasing congregation as far as members were concerned, and yet there might still bo very little they had the growth in heart, and an increase in their spiritual souse, their numerical increase would follow. A neces sary element he described to be tho help a congregation gave Us' minister, as it was too often erroneously supposed that the numerical growth depended entirely on the efforts of the minister. On this point tho speaker dwelt for some time, and then proceeded to speak of tho aspect of his subject in regard to the growth of tho church in tho sizo nnd num ber of the sects which were springing up nround them, and tho zeal in regard to whicn sometimes did more ovil than good, as instead of the number of sects being lessened thoy increased by the imperceptible impressing of tho peculiar views of some of the advocates of pet theories. In conclusion he expressed a desire that thoy should all 6trivo raightilv that the power of God might be given them to help the advancement and growth of his church in this land. Tlie choir sang tho anthem " O Praise tho Lord." Mr. R. L. Taylor made a brief and humorous speech, in which be pointed out the good which was likely to result from tea meetings, by breaking down the barriers which existed, in most eases between tho minister nud his people. He referred to tho ministers ns ouly mortal men, requiring sympathy aud support from tlioir pcoplo, and ho stigmatised tho attempts of somo' who tried to dignify their office unwarrantably, and who wrapped themselves up in a false positiuu, aud yet sometimes descended to gossip, and forgot their office entirely. When ministers themselves showed thnt they were men, and above such influences, thou they should be able to accomplish tho work which they had undertaken. . He con gratulated the church on tho work they had in hand, and thought tho meeting of that night would result in raucl> good. <>n « V: r.lwnro nexc sang tlie duct lulaskis Bauncr " with good effect, after which au authem was sung by tho choir, Mr. James Campbell (Mayor), at tho invi tation of the chairman, said a few words of congratulation to the meeting, and wished them success in their project fop a hew church. 1 Robertson briefly cxplaiucd tlio- - positionin which the congrcgatiou stood, and announced that Mr. J. Blackburn bad him self, unaided, collected £544 10s. itt two days towards tho building fund, which brought it to something like £1000 cash in hand, and in all probability tho erection of a . stone building would bo proceeded .with at once. The congregation would bureau op- -portumty on Wednesday night next of talk ing over the matter In their own church, The usual votes of thanks having been passed to the ladies, tho speakers, and tho caoir, a very pleasant evening was brought to a close by siuging a hyrau, and pronounc ing the benediction. 