A SOLDIER AND HIS PACK OF CARDS. A private soldier by the name of Richard Lee was taken before the magistrates of Glasgow for playing cards during Divine service. The account of it is thus given:— A sergeant commanded the Boldiers at the church, and when the parson had read the prayers, he took the text Those who bad a Bible took it out, but this soldier had neither Bible nor Common Prayer book, but pulling out a pack of cards, he spread thcim out before him. He looked first at one card and then atanother. The sergeant saw him 4nd said :— " Richard, put up the cards; this is no place for them." *' Never mind that," said Richard. : When the the service was over the constable took Richard a prisoner, and brought him before the mayor. " Well what have you brought the soldier here for?" says the major. : " For playing cards in church." " Well, soldier, what have you to say for yourself ?" " Much Sir, I hope.' " Very good ; if not, I will punish you more than ever man was punished." " I have been," said the soldier, "about six weeks on the march. I have no Bible or Common Prayer book ; I have nothing but a P ack o£ cards, and I hope to satisfy y - our worship of the purity of my inten U °^en epreadi the cardg bafore the mttyor, he began with the ace "When I see thence, it reminds me that there is but one God. " When I se« the deuce, it reminds me oE Father an d So°- " When I see the three, it reminds me of Father, Son and Holy Ghost. " When I see the four, it reminds me of the four evangelists that preached Matthew, Mark, Luke and John. " When I see the five, it reminds me of the five wise virgins that trimmed the lamps. There were ten, but five were wise and five were foolish and were shut out. " When I see the six, it reminds me that d a y®> the Lttrd made heaven and ear " When I see the seven, it reminds me that on the seventh day God rested from the great work he had made, and hallowed it. " When I see the eight, it reminds me of the eight righteous persons that were saved when God destroyed the world, viz: Noah and his wife, his three sons and their wives, " When I see the nine, it reminds me of the nine lepers that were cleansed by our Savionr. There were nine out of the ten who never returned thanks. " When I see the ten, it reminds me of the ten commandments which God gave to Moses on the tables of stone. " When I see the King, it reminds me of the Great King of Heaven, which is God Almighty. " When I see the Queen, it reminds me of the Queen of Sheba who visited Solomon, for 6he was as wise a woman as he was a man. She brought with her fifty boys and fifty girls all dressed in boys 1 apparel, for King Solomon to tell which were boys and which were girls. King Solomon sent for water for them to wash; the girls washed to the elbows, and the boys to the wrists, so he told by that" "Well," said the mayor, "you have given a description of all the cards in the pack except one." " What is that?" "Theknave,"said the mayor. , " , I will give - ., - your . honor a description c 0 £ J°* t '., t I 00 ' lf will not be angry." i f . J " if you do " not term me to be the knave." "Well," said the soldier, " the greatest knave I know of is the constable that brought me here." " I don't know," said the mayor, "if he is the greatest knave, but I know he is the greatest fool." " When I count how many spots are in a pack of cards, I find three hundred and sixty-five—as many as there are days in the year." " When I count the number of cards in pack I find there are fifty-two—the number of weeks in a year; and I find four suits—the number of weeks in month. " I find there are twelve picture cards in a pack, representing the number of inontbs in a year; and on counting the number of tricks I find thirteen, the num ber of weeks in a quarter. "So you see, Sir, a pack of cards serves for a Bible, almanac, and Common Praj'erbook." 