j i ' . ° t . LAW AN© CRIMINAL CGtJRTS. SUPREME COURT.—IN BANCO. THURSDAY, JOKE 22. [Before.their Honors the £hief Justice, Mr. Justice \- - Boucaut, and Mr. Justice Andrews.] - \- IN THE MATTER OP A PRACTFNOSEA; ' The Attorney-General (Hon. J. W. Downer}isoved In the matter of a practitioner of the Court for a role nisi to-compel him to Sinswerfeertaia affidavits, or in defaalt that he should be dealt with ia each manner as the Court thought fit. The practitioner laid an information on the instructions of a client at a country Local Court for wages. He obtained ^n E. order , from the Court/ hut there was aa appeal against the order by the defendant, who paid his solicitor fire guineas for conducting the appeal. The appeal was won by the informant, ana when he asked for his money he was offered a post-dated cheque. He refused to take that, however, and sued the-eolicitor,- who pleaded end -sat- ap~a,-4eed of assignment.' Mr. Downer cited late easea inl6, Weeny Notes, 308 and i5.Solicaor^ Jovrngi, .688 Bule nisi granted. STOCK V. STOCK. Mr. Moore moved that a decree nisi for dissolution of marriage obtained on November 30, 1881, should be made absolute. Decree granted. WOOD V. NATIONAL MUTUAL LIFE ASSOCIATION «F \- - - - • -- -AC6TRALASIA, LIMITED. - ' This was a motion for a new trial, or for a verdict to be entered for the defendant. Mr. W. H. Buatiey. Q.C., with Mr.-J. H: Symon, Q.C., for the appellant; the Hon. J. W. Downer, Q.C. (Attor- ney-General), with Mr. H. F, Downer, for the re TEpondent.". An actiofa was brought by Mr. Wood, Curator of Intestate Estates, for the amount of -the policy of- insurance effiectei on the life of Ernest Neville. Neville committed suicide, and the Association resisted payment on the ground that he- committed suicide while in a state of unsound mind. On the trial the Jury found a verdict for the plaintiff, and this motion was now brought:on the ground that the verdict cf the Jury was against the weight of evidence. The question was entirely one of evidence, and rested almost altogether on whether or not Neville was insane,- the -Attorney-General's principal point in support of bis contention of insanity being that deceased had said that he had drawn several pictures under the inflnence of the spirits, and had seen a spirit in the street in Melbourne. The case was argued at great length. The Chief Justice, in giving judgment, said this was a r-ule for. a new trial or to enter a verdict for the defendant. After hearing the evidence read the Court was of opinion that there must at all events be a new trial, because the verdict as reported by he learned Judge who tried the'case was unsatisfactory to him, and the Tery able arguments of the Attorney-General and of his learned junior had failed to remove that impression. The only point on which he had had any doubt was as to whether "there should be a' new trial, or whether a verdict should be . directed to be entered for the defendant. He agreed with the Attorney-General that where the right to have a question in Jssne tried by a Jury had been demanded by either party, the Court would not be justified in depriving him of that right by a judgment beingentered contrary to the verdict of the Jury where there was any reasonable evidence to be submitted to the Jury in support of the verdict they had found, however that vewict might differ from the opinion the Court, would have fonned on the case. Therefore the only question in the case, as far as he was concerned, had been whether there was any reasonable evidence to be submitted to the Jury as to the insanity of the assured. With respect to that-tbe evidence was that the assuied undoubtedly committed suicide; and that he was a believer in spiritualism. He' believed that with a number of symbolical drawings very skilfully executed he had been assisted by" extrinsic power, and he had stated in conversation with a friend that some eight or ten years- before, in a street in Melbourne, he had been conscious of the presence of some disembodied spirit, and had stood out of the way to allow that spirit to pass. Those were the only particulars 'aid before the Jury upon a careful Mai, and after. every source . of evidence. had been tried to lead the. Jury to the conclusion that the assured was insane. : It appeared to him, in the first place, that the fact of the man taking his life with his own hand was not of itself evidence o£ insanity; however, morally wrong the act might be. With respect to. the belief in spiritualism, there were many persons-of undoubted sanitv who shared the belief of communication with sp'irits, and to some assistance-from- them in guiding the hand in the execution of drawings of this kind; Therefore that circumstance, taken-alone, would not be sufficient evidence to justify the Jury in finding a person insane. Then, again, the fact that the man had said he had seen a ghost some years before would not be "sufficient to justify the Jury in finding that the man's reason was so overturned that he did not understand the quality of an a<!t; ofttiat jhis wffl ivas -paralysed. But 7 when t& juxtaposition to the arguments^that had bean ^ised in sujfoort ofinsanity there was placed the evidence of persons ' With whoril he "was in communication from day to day, who were on terms of intimacy with him in business, when he looked at the intelligence and self-control which the correspondence manifested, and • at the evident balancing of whether" it was better to live or to die, and the circumstances of design under which he took his_ life, it appeared to him that the arguments which, standing alone,- would have been altogether unsatisfactory were- altogether demolished, and that if he had been trying the case instead of his learned colleague, if it had been put to him that there was "no" reasonable evidence to be put to the Jury on the plea of insanity, he had no doubt he would have felt it his duty to direct the Jury that it was their duty to find a verdict lor the defendant. But as there was no application at the trial on the. part of the defendant to- direct a verdict he would have done as his learned colleague had — called the attention of the colleague tod - called the attention of the Jury to the evidence in support of^therview, with a strong intimation of his opinion as to the effect of tho T W the evidence. That being — the case it was agreed that as there was no application to direct a verdict at the trial, the Court should not direct judgment to he entered now. The Court, however, would only by a convenient rule of practice avoid the necessity of a new trial, which, as Lord Bramwell remarked, v as in most instances a reproach upon the law; and, in addition to that, there was a provision in the Supreme Court Act that the rules on -being laid on both tables of the Legislature were to have the 'orce of law. - It appeared to him, therefore, that «he Court was not 111 any .way overriding the Act, but was acting within its-powers in directing judgment to be. entered for the defendant - - Mr. Justice Bottciut said' he always struggled as violently as he could against forming an impression without hearing everything that could be stated, but he had certainly formed a strong impression that it was utterly Impossible that this verdict could stand; and though he admitted the ability of the Attorney-General's arguments, they Jiad not shaken him. in the view he had - taken. He had a strong view against interfering with - the verdict - of a- - Jury, but it was perfectly clear that it was the duty of the Judges to d e W M ^ wrong. There m was no doubt,' j • . I as ^ the learned . . Chief Justice l>ad pointed out, that" the constant new trials under the old system wenea- greatTeSection on the English law; but the Legislature' in its wisdom had introduced a new scheme' by .which the duty was thrown on the Judges—where they saw a new trial must end. in the same way to say. 1; we \- will decide what the law is in this case, which appears to have been fought out." The Court- must be satisfied that the whole merits of .the case were before it, and he thought that was so in this case. Then he had no doubt Mr. Justice Andrews, was correct in his-summing up. It might have been that if he had been trying the case, and Mr. Symon had naa asked assea him mm at the toe end cf the case to teU tell the Jury there was no evidence, he would have done so kntstUl the case must have gone to the Jurv, and saying there should be a new trial rather than a judgment for the defendant. But what the A ttomey- General's argument came to was that t^U ? as a J Iittle eccentric, and who .. *. ,. -/ ,—- F'^icii iaj aaj uui, anu I the Attorney-General when put to it say had said that, that and the mere delusion was -not sufficient unless th°re was an incapacity to judge between right and w^ong. It was not because a man made mistakes about numerous faiths—some of which were absurd to other minds—that he was insane. His illusion must have reference to the act done before it could be said to be evidence of insanity. He was not satisfied that this man's mind was unhinged, but if it were, unless the unhinging had some reference to the act done- it was not an act which the law accused Seville, however, based his action on a knowledge of his position. He knew it was dishonourable not to pay his creditor?, and he balanced whether it would be better to go to gaol or "shuffle off this mortal coil." It seemed rather absurd in these day.s to say, because a man believed in spiritualism he wus insane, because there were manv clever men who had a complete belief in "it, and it might be argued in the same way that many fervent religionists were insane. If it were held that there was evidence of this man being insane, every man who committed suicide could easily J>e proved to be insiue. He was not prepared to feiv that, or that a believer in spintuaiit-m was necessarily insane, and therefore he thought the dnection of his learned colleague was riplit, anil there must be a verdict entered ior the deiemianr. Mr. Justice Andrews said he thought judgment must be entered for the defendant. When he had l:eer trying the case he had virtually put it to the Jury that he could see no evidence of iasauitv either j in the Jetteis, tfce pictures, or the evidence. " As the objection thai had been referred to was not taken 'if had left the case to the Jury, so that virtually the verdict, which he believed to be against the weight of evidence, was opposed to his sinmnine-uD Judgment entered for the defendant, with costsf iST For really artistic and life-like Portraits wholly drawn in crayon (no photographic enlargements worked sip) send to Van Kaspelen, Port Augusta. 