BEAD MEN'S SHOES. CHAPTER XLYII.—(Continued.) BY THE AUTHOR OF "LADY AUDLEY'S SECRET." " I wrote to that good girl, Jane Dimond," continues Sibyl, " and asked her to find me a lodging, here if possible. Luckily for me this room was empty, and I came straight from the railway station here." " A disappointing end to your schemes and hopes," says Alexis, still unpitying. He cannot easily forgive that heartless falsBhood about his boy. Hir wrongs as a husband he might pardon. The injury done him as a father rankles deeper. " It is a sorry end, Alexis, humiliating, shameful. For upwards of three years I have been my uncle's patient companion. I have borne all his caprices, devoted myself to the task of making his life pleasant to him. He has been very good to me. I should be wickedly ungrateful if I were to deny or forget that. I think, too, that he loved me in his undemonstrative manner; end if I was deceived in believing that he would make me his heiress, everybody else in Kedcastle labored underthesame delusion. But this Mr. Pilgrim's influence upon him is stronger than mine. I do not believe that my uncle really wished me to marry that man, or even that Joel Pilgrim's presence in his house made him happy; but there was an influence of some kind— an influence which I could never understand —exercised by that East Indian upon my uncle Stephen." " I congratulate you upon having escaped that unholy house," says Alexis. " I am glad you did not carry your subservience to your undo so far as to' marry the East Indian. I am very glad you drew the line at that." " Had I been as free as my uncle thought me I should have done the same," replies Sibyl. " And may I ask what plan of existence you have formed to replace your blighted hopes says Alexis. "I suppose after this rebellious flight of yours there is no chance of your inheritance of your uncle's fortune." " I gave up every idea of that when I left bis house. As for a plan of life, I have none. The only hope I had has left me. I have a little ready money, and a few trinkets which I can convert into money. This will carry me on till I can get a situation as a governess—if that is to be done without a friend to speak for my character. I have not neglected my education during the last three years, and I can fall back upon the old drudgery." She says all this despondently. Hope has died within her breast. She had thought it so easy a thing to cancel the past, and now it seems to her that she and Alexis Secretan are as far apart as if they had never loved each other, never sworn lifelong fidelity, never spent their careless honeymoon togetherunder the young leafage in the Bois de Boulogne, among St. Germain's forest walks, and on the lamplit Boulevards, with all the joyous life of Europe's gayest city drifting by them like a stream of folly hope and despair—never wandered, side by side, on the chill borderland of famine. So far Alexis has shown no sign of relenting. His tone has expressed contempt rather than anger, and has wounded more deeply than the stormiest reproaches could wound. He now grows thoughtful, and walks up and down the room in meditative silence, as he has walked many a time in days gone by when his meditations were of ways and means. Sibyl watches him as he moves slowly to and fro with bent head. The twilight hides his face, that summer twilight in which they sat so often when I they first became inmates of this room, and when poverty was a new thing to them. " Why did you tell me that lie about our child!" he asks after a long silence. " Shall I tell you why, Alexis 1 It was because I wanted to have some hold upon you; to have some treasure to give you when the time came for mo to come back to you, your true and faithful wife as I have been from first to last. Tou would scorn my uncle Stephen's fortune, you told me— repudiate that as you would repudiate me. But I thought you could not shut your hoart against me if I came to you with our son. He must have boen a link between us, a tie no unkindness of yours, no sin of mine, could break." " And you thought to make that link the stronger by telling me that my son, whom you had placidly resigned to the care of a Btranger, was dead." " If I had told you the truth you would nave claimed him. He would have been yours, and not mine." "Tou are an accomplished schemer, Sibyl, but Fate has a knack of spoiling your plans. Accident brought me in the way of my boy; an accident, which put my life in peril for some time, brought me under the same roof with my son, and I loved him before I knew that he had any claim to my love." " How did you discover his identity at last f asks Sibyl faintly. " Oh, in a very simple way. I need not trouble you with details." And ho is well—happy ?" " How good of you to inquire about him ! Tes,hehas thriven admirably with strangers. So well that he naturally rebels against being transferred to his own flesh and blood." " Alexis," falters his wife, piteously, " I know I must seem a heartless mother, a woman without woman's natural feeling, but starvation brings humanity veiy low. When I came to Dorley Mill I had been keeping fellowship with Hunger for a long time. I had known what it was to be houseless and ailing, to lie shivering under the cold unpitying stars. It was vital to me to find a home for my baby, a home far away from Redcastle. I was obliged to disassociate myself from my child. It was imperative for me to do that if I wanted to win my uncle Trenchard's fortune—and I did want to be rich, Alex, for your sake, for our child's sake, as much as for my own. if it was your duty as a man to try every honest means to conquer fortune, was it a sin in me to try the only moans I knew, to snatch the only chance Fate ever offered to me! Will you try to think of all this, Alex, and forgive me, if you can She rises once more from the sofa where she has sat despondingly. She goes to her husband, and lays her hand lightly on his shoulder—such a poor little hand—such a feather's weight, as it seems to him; lying loosely there. That touch, faltering and tremulous, moves him more than her arguments. " Forgive you ? yes, poor child," he says, gravely. " Perhaps, after all, it is foolishness rather than sin that I have to pardon —and God pardons oven sin. What am I, weak offending man, that I should bo more unmerciful than Heaven ? Yes, I forgive you, Sibyl; but remember, my dear, that the past is an unalterable quantity. We have to carry the burden of our past deeds down to the grave. Wo man ever shifts that load from his shoulders. Tou and I can never be again what we were the day you left this house to go in quest of fortune. You left something behind you then that you can never reclaim." You mean that I lost your love i" " My affection, my compassion, you shall have to the end of our lives; but the heart that trusted and loved you is dead and gone." " I have no right to expect that it should be otherwise," answers Sibyl, in a voice broken by sobs; " I set too much value on money. I was blind to all other loss that might befall me. I thought that when I came to you with my uncle Trenchard's fortune in my hand you would forgive me, you would take mo back to your heart." " It is because you come to me without fortune that I am able to forgive you, Sibyl. I thank Providence for the failure of your plans. No good could ever have come of Stephen Trenchard's money to me or my race." " And you will let me see my boy, Alex. I know that I have been a heartless mother, but I have suffered many a pang of remorse. Tou will let me see him before " She breaks down here, and sobs upon her husband's shoulder. " Before what, Sibyl 1" he asks gently "Don't cry, my dear. There are quiet days in store for both of us, now that we have got rid of our evil genius, Stephen Trenchard." His tone is kinder than it has been yet. He has felt a touch of remorse at remembering that he could have given his erring wife a warmer welcome had she but returned to him before his experience of womanly tenderness and womanly unselfishness at Dorley Mill. It was only when he learned to draw comparisons between his wife and another woman that love had perished. " God bless you for those kind words, Alex, the first you have spoken to me tonight ; and you will let me see my child— before I die." " Before you die ! Tes, Sibyl, and through many a year to come, if you will be true to the little one and me, and put Stephen Trenchard's money out of your head. Who talks about dying 1" " I have suffered so much, Alex, and it has been so hard a task to hide every pang I —to be all smiles, and gaiety, and thoughtfulness for others, with my own hidden sorrow always gnawing at my heart. It has been a bitter task. I feel as if the burden had been too heavy for me—I feel quite worn out with the long battle— physically as well as mentally. Indeed, Alexis, I do not think that I have long to live." This is a plea for mercy in formd pauperis, and touches Alexis. He is growing very tender-hearted to this wife, for whom he had told himself that his old love was dead and gone. The room in which they had suffered poverty's chilling apprenticeship together seems to him to bring them closer to each other than any less familiar place of meeting could have done. And presently, when Sibyl has struck a match and lighted a pair of sallow- looking candles, which but dimly illuminate the scene, Alexis is moved to deeper pity by seeing the change that the last six months have wrought in his wife's beauty. That wan white face, those sunken cheeks and hollow eyes, tell of a struggla that has been exhausting alike to mind and body. " My poor girl, how changed you are !" he exclaims, drawing her to him in the dim light, and scrutinizing her altered face. " Tes, there is no beauty to bo proud of now, Alex. I might sit in my corner at Mrs. Hazleton's drawing-room, and even your eye would not notice me. The faded governess would come and go like a shadow. I have lost my good looks—all the capital Fortune gave me to start in life—and I have won nothing not even uncle Trenchard's money." " We can do without. it, SibyL If you had come to me with that ill-gotten wealth in your hand I would have nothing to say to you. I take you back to-night because you come without it." Back to your heart, Alex ?" " To my home and my affectionate regard, my dear. Our hearts are not always to be commanded. Don't look so sad, Sibyl, our Hampshire breezes will blow the color back to your cheeks." "Hampshire? Ah, that is where our boy lives. But what took you to that part of the country, Alex!" "I'll answer that question when you have told me what took yoo there, and how your child came to be born in a Hampshire Union." " I'll tell you, Alex. I have no need to hide anything now. When I left you, with those ten pounds which I extorted from you so cruelly, my only thought was to hide myself somewhere till after my baby's birth. I went into a little country village in Surrey—a quiet little place near Guildford—and hired a room in a cottage, a tiny whitewashed bedroom which cost me three and sixpence a week, and there I lived for seven weeks, spending as little as possible, living on bread and butter and tea, till at last my landlady, who was only a farm laborer's wife, would bring me up a little plate of meat somotimes out of charity. In seven weeks I had spent only four pounds on myself, but I had spent three more in buying clothes for my baby, and I bad spent almost all my time in making them—those long dull days when I used to sit for hours together alone in my little room listening to the ticking of the Dutch clock, and the chirping of the crickets downstairs. I think I must have gone mad in those monotonous desolate days, if it had not been for my needlework. I used to go out into the fields sometimes at dusk, and wander about for an hour or so, and I felt as if I belonged to nobody, and was quite the loneliest creature in this wide world." " A sorry prologue to your dignified ex- . istence at Lancaster Lodge." " As the time for my baby's birth drew nearer, I began to think with a dread of his being born in that poor little room among coarse labouring people. I pined for a friend, any one of my own class who would be kind to me. I took a horror of that stifling little room with its one small window, and whitewashed walls, and patchwork coverlet, and all the piggy and cabbagy smells that used to creep up from the room below. So I tried to remember any friend who would be likely to be kind to me if I flung myself upon her benevolence. I could think of only one person, Maggie Eawlings, a girl who had been very fond of mo at echool, almost ridiculously fond, giving me keepsakes, and insisting on wearing some of my hair in a locket, and showing her affection in all manner of foolish ways. She was the daughter of a farmer in Hampshire, and as she had huge hampers sent her twice in a quarter, and had always plenty of money to spend, I concluded that her people were rich. I knew that she was an impulsive, warm-hearted little creature, and generous as the light of day. So I thought that if I went to her she would find me a shelter of some sort and be kind to me and my baby. I went to Winchester by rail, and from Winchester I went on foot to find Hill-side Farm." " Poor child," murmurs Alexis, " poor foolish child—our worst fortuoes shared together were not BO bad as this." " Unfortunately, I had forgotten all but the name of the farm, and that Winchester was the nearest station, but how far that nearest station might be from Maggie's home had no idea. The consequence was that I wandered helplessly about from village to village for three days, led astray by wrong information—sent first to one farm and then to another,—and having to sleep at village inns, where I paid dear for very poor accommodation. On the fourth day I succeeded in finding Hill-side Farm, nearly thirty miles from Winchester, and there a cruel disappointment awaited me. My old schoolfellow was married, and had goue to live in Lincolnshire. Mrs. Eawlings was barely civil to me, and gave me her daughter's address with evident reluctance. My shabby clothes denounced me. If I had possessed money enough or strength enough for the journey, I think I should have gone down to Lincolnshire in search of Maggie, but I had neither. I was ill and worn out by the fatigue of the last three days, and this disappointment at the end of all completely crushed me. Two days afterwards my baby was bom in the workhouse. That was the only refuge left open to me at the last. If you have been to Dorley Mill you must know all the rest. I left the workhouse penniless, and but for Linda Challice's goodness I could never have made my way to Eedcastle. Can you find it in your heart to forgive me, Alexis, now that you know all the truth ?" " I forgive you, Sibyl, and pity you with all my heart. You did yourself a deeper wrong than you did me when you sacrificed all natural feeling to the worship of your golden calf. Tou have paid a heavy price for your mistake; it would be cruel to add my upbraidings to the sum. And now let us begin life afresh, little woman, and be happy if wo can. Fortune has been kinder to me—who have wooed her somewhat carelessly—than to you who have sought her with such mistaken diligence. Poverty need never more afflict us. Tour husband is no longer Mr. Secretan, alias Stanmore, a humble waiter upon the tide of luck, but Alexis Secretan, Esquire, of Chestfold Grange, in the country of Hants—able to give his wife her carriage and her flowergarden, her dairy, poultry-yard, and village school, and to leave his son the modest heritage of a small landowner." Alexis! you are laughing at me." " No, Sibyl. When I stood before you at Lancaster Lodge, last December, I was able to lake you to as fair a home as you could care to inhabit; but I would not tempt you with the gifts of fortune. I waited for your heart to speak." " And you were absolutely rich at that time 1 Tou could have given me all I had to hope for from my uncle Stephen ?" " I cannot presume to measure Mr. Trenchard's possessions. My fortune Ihave told you is a modest one, but it is large enough to buy all things needful to real happiness. The man of fabulous wealth can only live. He cannot eat two dinners in the 6ame day, or ride two horses at once, or consume more than a given quantity of fresh air, or get more pleasure out of life than his mental capacity for enjoyment will let him, be he king or kaiser." " It seems that I have made a sorry mistake," says Sibyl with a sigh. " A mistake which we will do our best to mend, poor child," replies Alexis, kindly. "And now, Sibyl, I don't know whether you have dined to-day, but I am quite sure I have not. So I think the best thing I can do is to go out to our old haunts and buy a rump-steak, which our faithful Bonny will cook for our supper. Unless you had rather come to an hotel and bid the faithful Bonny good-bye." " I had rather stay whore I am for a day or two, Alex; I don't feel well enough to move." " We must call in a medical man, Sibyl, if you are so ill as that.". " I don't think a doctor would be of any use. I am not so much ill as tired. I shall soon be better, I dare say, now you are so kind to me." " And doesn't it cheer you to know that we have done with our old enemy, poverty ; that our future is to be bright and prosperous S" " I am glad with all my heart, Alex, for your sake and our boy's; but I do not feel ss if I had any future to look forward to in this world." "Nonsense, Sibyl! That is all the defect of debility—a hypochondriacal view of life altogether. You will see things differently after a dozen doses of quinine, and a daily mutton chop. I shouldn't wonder if Guinness's stout were the best antidote for these dark ideas. And now I'll go and see if Mrs. Bonny can send any one for that steak, or if I must go out and forage for myself." He goes to the door, opens it, and finds himself face to face with an unknown individual in a gray coat. Mrs. Bonny stands behind the stranger with a brass candlestick uplifted, to show him the way that he should go. "Who the deuce are you, sir?" asks Alexis, rather savagely. " This room is not to be let." His nerves have been too completely unstrung by that unexpected meeting of the last hour to allow of his being civil to an intrusive stranger. " I am not looking for lodgings," answers the gray man coolly. " I have come here to look for a young lady. Ah ! there she is, I see. I have a warrant to arrest Miss Sibyl Faunthorpe—on suspicion of murder." " Suspicion of murder !" " Yes, on suspicion of having murdered her uncle, Stephen Trenchard, Esq., of Lancaster Lodge, Eedcastle, in the county of York, to be transferred in my change to Redcastle gaol, there to remain pending the issue of the adjourned inquest held to inquire into the death of the aforesaid Stephen Trenchaid, Esq." " The man must be mad," cries Sibyl, clinging to Alexis. " I left my uncle alive —in no danger." "Anything you say now will be used against you hereafter, miss," says the man in gray, in a warning voice. " Alexis, you don't believe " " I believe nothing so wildly improbable, my dear. Lot me see your warrant, sir." It is shown him; a formal document, issued in Eedcastle, Yorkshire, and endorsed by a Middlesex magistrate. Alexis knows just enough of the law to know that the warrant is a genuine instrument, and that resistance is likely to bo useless. There is but one loophole. " Your warrant seems right enough," ho says, " but it is issued against Sibyl Faunthorpe; this lady is Mrs. Secrotan, my wife." " The lady may have a dozen aliases, sir," replies Mr. Judbury, with undisturbed equanimity; "but she's the lady we want, all the same; and with your leave, I'm going to take her back to Yorkshire by the mail. There's just time to do it, I think, Trivett," adds Mr. Judbury across his shoulder to a man in the background. " My wife is not well enough to travel," says Alexis. " Oh, come, she was well enough to travel to London loss than a week ago ; she must be well enough to go back. I'll take the responsibility of removing her. You've got a cab, Trivett!" " Yes, sir." " Come along, Miss Faunthorpe. If you come quietly I shall say nothing about the handcuffs, you know, but I've got 'em in my pocket." " What am I to do, Alexis f" Sibyl asks, piteously. " If you think you can bear the journey, go, dear. I will go with you. Whatever hideous mistake has arisen out of your uncle's death can be best righted by your presence. Don't be afraid, Sibyl, I will stand by you." " And you do not believe " " I believe that you are as innocent as a baby of any wrong against Stephen Trenchard," answers Alexis with conviction. " That makes me strong," says Sibyl, quietly putting on her hat and jacket. " I will come back to Eedcastle." "Well, I think, miss, under existing circumstances you'd better," answers the officer, with suppressed satire. " When did my uncle die ?" " The morning you left, miss, strange to say. Found dead in his bed. You left by the C.20 train. According to the medical evidence your departure and Mr. Trenchard's death must have been nearly simultaneous." - " He died suddenly, then 1" "Uncommon." "•And why do you suppose that he was murdered 1" " Because about an ounce of prussic acid was found in his inside. Please to bear in ••mindj- miss, that any remark of voura will tie and against j^u by-and-bye." This warning is unheeded, nay unheard, to SibyL " Prussic acid !" she cries, with an awfiil look. " Oh, Alex, how dreadful! I had some prussic acid in a bottle, enough to put an end to my life if there had been no other way of escape left me from that horrid man, and I left the bottle at Lancaster Lodge." "Yes, miss, and it was found there empty." They go down to the cab, Sibyl leaning on her husband's arm, and drive away from Dixon-street in the summer dusk. Mrs. Bonny watches the departing chariot with uplifted hands, and eyes that ask the heavens to witness her astonishment. "This beats all my experience of loi she exclaims. " That I should live to have my first floor took prisoner for murder, and to see my doorsteps spiled by the muddy boots of a perliceman!" CHAPTER XLVIII. " 'TIS HELD THAT SORKOW MAKES DS WISE." Throughout the tedious journey by the night mail Alexis supports and comforts Sibyl by his presence. All bitterness of feeling has passed out of his mind. He sees his wife the victim of a false accusation, and he is ready to pity and defend her. " You do not believe these men, Alex ?" she repeats many times during that summer night as she clings closer to her husband with a shiver as of cold, though the midsummer air is mild and balmy. " You do not believe this horrible accusation, dear ?" "Not a word, not a breath," he answers, cheerily. "These mistakes are common enough, love. It will easily be set right. You have only to keep up your courage and trust in Providence and me." " Oh, Alex, how good you are ! and how little I deserve your goodness !"slie answers with a stilled sob. Mr. Judbury, though hardened by much travelling on the stormy path of official life, shows some delicacy of feeling. He sends his follower to a second-class carriage, aDd takes his seat as far from Mr. and Mrs. Secretan as the limits of a first-class compartment will allow. Nay, he is benevolent enough to refresh himself with occasional comfortable naps, but is always wakeful aud alert when speed slackens and the train He apparently considers that an attempt to escape from the train at full speed is an evil not to be apprehended. So the soft summer morning dawns gradually, mysteriously, with a slow lightening of the landscape and a faint breath of chilly air creeping among the woods and across the hill-tops, and Aurora sees Mr. Judbury reposing luxuriously in his padded corner with a red silk handkerchief draped picturesquely about his bald head, and his manly chest in a manner doubled up into his shepherd's plaid waistcoat. The newborn day sheds but a sickly light upon Sibyl's worn face, as it leans against her husband's shoulder, and Alexis, scrutinizing it in that clear light, sees how marked and deep is the change that has been wrought there. Care has engraven lines that happiness can never erase. This pallid countenance, with sunken eyes, ringed with purple shadow, is but the ghost of the fair face that shone upon him in Mrs. Hazleton's drawingroom. Deepest pity moves him as he gazes on that altered beauty, lovely still, for the lines have the perfection of the sculptor's marble—a beauty that neither age nor death, sickness nor care can deface,—blit the glow and brightness of colouring are gone. Sibyl is no longer a beauty for the vulgar eye to admire, no longer the handsomest woman in Eedcastle. That melancholy journey comes to an end at last. They arrive at Krampston in the early morning, and after waiting nearly an hour in the labyrinthine terminus get a train to convey them to Redcastle, which provincial shrine of the genius of quietude they reach at an hour which Mr. Judbury picturesquely describes as breakfast-time. From the Eedcastle station, naturally half a mile out of the town, they drive to Eedcastle Gaol, a clean aud modern building, of Gothic architecture, occupying an important site on the high road above Bar, an edifice which is described in local handbooks as an ornament to the town. (To he continued.) 