MANNERS— GENUINE AND ARTIFICIAL A book on the mere conventionalities of manners, or the rules of politeness, cannot be other than stupid, tiresome and altogether un satisfactory. A man may drill himself in the laws of etiquette, and be no more of a gentle man after lie bos done so than he was when he began. His very punctiliousness on the small points of routine may oven render him an in tolerable nuisance. Instead of making him self respected he may only expose himself to ridicule. Mere rules of etiquette are therefore dangerous, and books which profess to lay them down should be avoided. Affectation is a great deal worse than awkwardness. Bnt it should be possible to treat eti quette from a liberal point of view, and the Lounger in Society shows how it may bo done. He has produced a book which i3 not only readable with pleasure but one from which even the most accomplished may learn something. The rules of politeness deal only with externals, but true courtesy involves the practice of generosity, forbearance,, self-sacri fice and patience. A man may easily learn to be have himself decorously at the dinner table, to know how to dispose of his hat and cane when he makes a call, and to move about in n drawingroom without treading on other people's toes; bnt unless he also learns to control his temper, to treat his equals with impartiality and his inferiors with affability, lie cannot un derstand bow to make life pleasant and gracious to others as well as to himself- An awkward man may be a true gentleman, but it Is an obvious improvement if he can bo also brought to look like one. Mere external grace, although not essential to the character, is hot to be neglected, and the study of manners as an important part of social Bcience is deserving of encouragement. The liberal treatment of ihe subject requires that the foundations, as well as the superstructure, should be looked to, and it i3 in the maintenance of a due balance between fundamentals and externals that the " Glass of Fashion" differs from all other treatises on etiquette with which we are acquainted. .Politeness, like charity, should begin at home. The man who keeps his good be havior for display abroad, and forgets his manners in the family circle, is a brute who has but a, small chance of ever developing into a gentleman. The Lounger does well, there fore, to devote his first chapter to homo duties, and his last to the courtesies of the household. The man Who is different in society to what he is at home is a public hypocrite, and lie is in perpetual danger of being found out. What a man is in the home circle be will be in society, although he may not at fir3t be found out. The varnish of conventionality can be seen through by a careful observer, and artificial politeness is but a poor imitation of the genuine article. The veneer does not last, and when it gels chipped at the corners the worthlessness of the casket be comes evident. The man whose behavior at home is rude or violent will not find it an easy thing to wear a mask in public, while he whose courtesy is genuine never has occasion to act a part. He has only to give full scope to his good nature and keep at bis ease. Those with whom he comes in contact are never in doubt as to his being a true gentle man. Genuiue politefless is a virtue, and a brilliant one, for it fs nothing less than a form of self-denial. He who possesses it makes way for this person, falls behind that, gives up his seat to a third— thus consulting their pleasure rather than his own. When thi3 principle is carried into daily con duct it becomes elevated and transfigured. The noblest charity, the loftiest unselfishness, the truest generosity centre in and become bound np with good manners, because they never can bo absent in tlie man whose polite ness is real and innate. Refinement in manners leads to refinement in sarrounding9, and tlie borne of the gentleman or gentlewoman is sure to be a happy one — always premising that ho or she is not too (esthetic, that term too often covering a sham, and bearing the same rela tion to true refinement which artificial manners bear to tbe genuine. A manual of politeness shonld be argumenta- tive, and the Lounger recognises the necessity for giving a reason for everything. Where this reason appears weak or erroneous a gentleman may safely disregard the law without losing caste. The maxim, for instance, is laid down that in calling upon a newly- married couple it is the bridegroom, not the bride, who should be complimented. He is supposed to be fortunate in having found any one to accept him, while her good luck may be more problematical. There is no good reason in support of the canon, and therefore it may be treated as a dead letter. The caller, cannot do better than trust to his own instinct in the matter. It would be wrong to con gratulate the lady only, but there can he no harm in congratulating both. When the reason is good the law should he held to be inexor able. Thus, the husband's former acquaint ances should not call unless they have received some intimation that they may do so. There are at least two good reasons for the rule. A married man is bound to consult his wife'stostes, and his visiting list may require purgation before it i9 quite acceptable to her. The other reason is still more cogent. A newly married couple may wish to limit the circle of their friends from motives of economy. When a man Bets up in the world, the burden of an ex tensive and indiscriminate acquaintanceship may be felt in various ways. Many have had cause to regret the 'weakness of mind which caused them to plunge into a vortex of gaiety and expense they could ill afford, from which they have found it difficult to extricate them selves. It was Dean Swift who first insisted upon the necessity for founding the laws of so- ciety upon reason. " Some lawyers," he says, " have introduced unreasonable tliinss into common law, and so likewise many teachers have introduced absurd things into common good manners." And again : " There is a pedantry in manners, as in all arts and sciences, and even in trades." The Dean was a great authority on good breeding. Another of his sayings was : " Whoever makes the fewest persons uneasy is the best bred in the company." It does not follow that he prac tised what he preached. The literature of politeness is exceedingly extensive. We do not by the expression mean the bibliography of etiquette, bnt the frequent allusions to good manners and gentlemanly deportment made by poets, dramatists and novelists in all ages. Every story lias a gen tleman for its hero, and a lady of winning grace for its heroine. Shakspeare bos supplied us with Ferdinand, Mercntio, Edgar, Borneo and Orlatido among men ; and Imogen, Desdemona, Rosalind, Cornelia nnd mariy more among women. Thackeray gives us Colonel Newcome ; Lord Lytton, Sir Sedley Beaudesort and Pisistratus Caxton ; George Eliot, i-V-lbc. Holt ; Lord Beaconsfield, Ferdinand Armine ; and TennysoD, King Arthur. In reality the list might be length ened out so as to include thousands of names between which there wonld be little room for choice. Some of the old funeral sermons set forth very full descriptions of perfection among gentlemen and ladies, although their truth when applied to particular individuals may be donbted. The Proverbs of Solomon contain many fine touches of the most desir able qualifications in men and women. Ed- 'The Glass of Fashion : A Universal Handbook of Social Etiquette and Home Culture for Ladles and Gentlemen. With copious and practical hints upon the manners and ceremonies of every relation In life, Interspersed with anecdotes. By the Lounger In So ciety. London : John Hogg. mund Burke makes some eloquent references to the greater importance of manners than of laws. " Manners," he says, " are what "vex or soothe, corrupt or purify, exalt or debase, barbariao or refine us, by a constant, steady, uniform, insensible operation, like that of the air we breathe in. They give their whole form and color to our lives. Ac cording to their quality they aid morals, they supply laws, or they totally destroy them." There arc many pattern ladies and gentlemen in Spenser's Faerie Qucene, while modern writers supply Nineteenth Century Bayards in quantity inexhaustible. Descending from these high ideals we come to the literature of Small talk, and of tho way in which model men and women discharge their social duties and behave towards tlie rest of tho world in tho everyday business of life. "Viewed in this light, every work of fiction is a handbook of,etiquette, and is, generally speaking, a fairly trustworthy guide. Some writers affect a great con tempt for conventional manners, but iheir sincerity may bo doubted. Horace Walpole is one of them. " Don't you find," he asks, " that nine parts in ten of tho world are of no use but to make you wish yourself with that tenth part ? I am so far from growing used to mankind by living amongst thorn that my natural ferocity and wildness does but every day grow worse. They tire me, they fatigue me ; ' I don't know what to do with them ; I do/t know What to say to them j I fling open tho win dows and fancy I want fresh air j and when I get by myself I undress myself, and seem to have bad people in my pockets, in my plaits and oh my shoulders. I find this fatigiie worse in the country than in the town, because one can avoid it there, and has more resources ; but it is there (oo. I literally seem to have mur dered a man whose name was Ennui, for liis ghost is ever before me. They say tiiero is no English word for ennui ; but I think you may translate it most literally by what is called 'entertaining people' and 'doing the honors;' that is, you sit an hour with somebody you don't know nnd don't care for, talk about tlio wind nnd the weather, and ask a" thousand foolish questions which all begin with, ' I think you live a good deal in tlie country,' or ' I think you love tills thing or that.' Oh, 'tis dreadful." It is a wofider that Walpole bad not tho sen3p to seo that in this picture there is nothing more unamiable than himself. But it is a fair opinion of the cynical fault-finding of thosci who are so ill- conditioned as to take more pleasure in contemplating the "seamy side " of human nature than in making the best of it. Something in the samo spirit was the letter of introduction given by a Lon don physician to a patient whom he sent to the seaside for a month, while he took a holi day himself. The letter was addressed to the local physician, and ran thus : — " Dear -, —I send you a rich old woman, who is always fancying herself ill. Bleed her freely. Keep her thirty days, and send Iter back to me.'' The letter was sealed, in defiance of tbe rule that all ietters of introduction should be left open, and the old lady exercised lier right to look into it. She had spirit enough to resent the insult, and tlie discourteous writer was de servedly punished by her resolve to give up being sick. The "Glass of Eashioii" is worthy of re commendation to oar readers, because it deals with the qualities which go to make up the character of a mail Or woman of good manners rather than with the outward resemblance, which by itself is utterly worthless. " The Lounger " maintains that good manners exer cise a pacific influence, and do as much towards bridging over the differences between classes as the nostrum of any political reformer or moral philosopher, and he recognises the truth of the.essayist's saying : " Fine manners show themselves formidable to the unculti vated man." But he also asserts that the un cultivated man may, in his turn, submit to a test of his own good manners, and convince the observer that he is qualified for a higher posi tion by not being ashamed of the one he occhpies. He preserves his independence by reflecting that the work he doe3 is in its way a nobler and more nseful work than that which is done by the creatures of fashion. A book written in this spirit demands favorable recognition. 