HOME CORRESPONDENCE. [From our own Correspondent. I iionrton, .November 17. THE CLOTURE. The new rules of procedure have closely engaged the attention of the House of Com mons during the last fortnight, and certainly the greatest stickler for free speech 'cannot allege that they are being hurried through the House without ample discussion. The Elace of leader of the Opposition has virtually een taken by -Lord Randolph Churchill, who, like the other members of the Fourth Party, has placed a large number of amend ments on the Notice-paper. Poor Sir Stafford Nortkeote is not really to blame for his want of energy at the present time. He is in failing health, and unable to apply himself to continuous public labour. His friends are getting anxious lest he should break down altogether, and long before this reaches you he will, I hope, be emoying the reviving effects of sea breezes in tne Mediterranean. Returning to the proceedings of Parliament, I must express my conviction that no subject was ever more exhaustively discussed in the House of Commons than the cloture. In fact, the arguments pro and con were so painfully reiterated that the members who were com pelled to listen to them made no attempt to conceal their disgust at the manner in which the time of the House was wasted. Yet this was not altogether the fault of the malcon tents. The discussion of the cloture was prolonged by at least a day in consequence of the Government being unwilling to allow the division to take place on the night of the Lord Mayor's banquet. Nor can it be said that the extra night was unprofitably spent. Mr. Cowen delivered an oration worthy of the best and most venomous days of the late Mr. Roebuck. He attacked the Premier, the Liberal party, and the caucus; he did every thing, in fact, but show how obstruction and mere licence of tongue could be con trolled without the application, in some form or other, of the principle of the cloture. Nevertheless, his speech was a remarkable rhetorical performance, and wound the Con servative party up to such a pitch of enthusiasm that when he sat down Mr. Gorst, Mr. Ashmead- Bartlett, and Sir Henry Wolff' crossed the floor of the House ancl warmly shook hands with him. They were a good deal laughed at for their pains,* but at all events they showed grateful appreciation for the service which had been reudered to the Tory party by the Radical member for Newcastle. Mr. Sexton made a bitter attack on the moderate Irish partv. and indulged in offensive allusions to the Sadlcirs and Keoghs of a past generation. This brought up Sir Patrick O'Brien, a genuine representative of the old humorous and convivial class of Irishmen which is now almost extinct. After referring to the things that Irish members who sat on the Ministerial side of the House had been accused of doing, he Eaid:—" Let him mention one thing they had never done. They never appealed to a foreign country for money to pay them nud keep them." This was a home-thrust which the House thoroughly enjoyed. Sir Stafford Northcote's amendment' for the rejection of the ffrst resolution (that is the cloture) was lost by a majority of forty-four. The Government obtaineda uiuoh larger majority than they anticipated, and the Conservatives were wofully disappointed, seeing that they had hoped to reduce the majority to fifteen. TiLb StCU-NlJ KULC. Having disposed of this vital question the House proceeded to consider the second rule proposed by Mr. Gladstone: — "That no motion for the adjournment of the House shall be made before the Orders of the Day or notices of motion have been entered upon, except by leave of the House, the granting of such leave, if disputed, being determined upon question put forthwith; but no division shall be taken thereupon unless demanded by forty members rising m their places, nor untu after the questions on the Notice-paper have been disposed of." Great reluctance was shown by the House to part with a privilege which, though often abused; has yet on many occasions proved of great service to the country, and a strong desire was also evinced on both sides of the House to give _ small minorities some chance of moving the adjournment of the House when they felt it to be their duty to raise questions of public importance. I pass over the numerous discussions that took place on minor points, because tbe esssutial fact to be stated is that the Government accepted an amendment moved by Mr. Heury Fowler to the effect that a motion for adjournment should he allowed when forty members stood up in their places to support the request. It will be seen that this sub stantially secures the rights of minorities, although, of course, it sometimes happen that a minority consists of a much smaller group than forty members. In the interest of these small minorities, Lord Randolph Churchill proposed that if ten mem bets rose in their places they should be entitled to demand a division. This amendment was accepted by the Government; bnt, of | course, it will be of no practical advan tage, except as enabling a handful of members to make a demonstration of their opinions. During the discussion on the second resolution the only striking digression had reference to the so-called ivilmainham Treaty. Lord K. Churchill took occasion to refer to this alleged compact, which drew from Mr. Gladstone a challenge to the Oppo sition to move for an enquiry. This tbe latter were nothiug loth to accept, and it really see ms as if this little warm passage of arms would actually lead to the appointment of a Committee to enquire into the bargain which Mr. Darnell is alleged to have made with the Government. I need not say that there was no treaty or compact in the sense of Con servative imputations: but I believe that Mr. Darnell wrote several letters besides the one that Captain O'Sbea has made public, and that these letters were intended to prepare the way for an understanding between the Government and the Irish party. THE CHAIBMAN OF COMMITTEES. The third rule as proposed was as fol lows :—" That when a motion is made for the adjournment of a debate or of the House, during any debate, or that the Chairman of a Committee do report progress or do leave the chair, the debate thereupon shall be strictly confined to the matter of such motion; and no member, having spoken to any such motion, shall be entitled to move or second any similar motion during the same debate or during the same sitting of the Committee." As was to be expected, advantage was taken ice m thiB rule to the CI of the reference m thiB rule to the Chairman of Committees to make an attack on Dr. Lyon Dlayfair, whose feud with the Dar nellites the members of the Fourth Party have contrived to make their own. Mr. Glad stone, however, turned the tables upon the Conservatives by calling marked attention to the statements of the late Conservative whip (Sir William Hart Dyke) that he was con stantly in the habit of communicating to the ex-Chairman of Committees (Mr. Dailies) , .the wishes of the Drime Minister. It this statement were true, and the Chairman of Committees allowed himself to be made the tool of the Govern ment of the day, it would be high time for the'House to consider whether, in respect to the rules of procedure, the Chairman should he placed on the same footing as thaSpeaker. Mr. Gladstone did not take upon himself to say what Mr. Baikes had done, but he de clared that "in that practice he (Mr. Haikcs) was without a predecessor and without an imitator, and that no whip had ever done it before him, and none had ever done it after him." Mr. Baikes himself declared that the pressure described by Sir William Hart Dyke had never been applied to him, aDd that Mr. Disraeli never interfered with him but once, and that was to tell him that the Secretary of State for the Home Depart ment should be styled by the Chairman ' Mr. Secretary Cross." Mr. Baikes said that lie declined to act upon this hint, be cause in this as in other matters be preferred to he governed by the example and practice of Mr. Speaker, THE FOURTH AND FIFTH RULES. The whole of last evening was occupied with a discussion on these two rales. The fust prevents the unnecessary multiplicatioa of divisions by enabline the Speaker or the Chairman'to call upon the members challeng ing a division to rise in their places, and if they do not exceed twenty, giving him the power to declare forthwith the determination of the House or the Committee. Rule six declares that "Mr. Speaker or Chairman of the Committee may call the attention of the House or of the Committee to continued irrevelance or tedious repetition on the part of a member, and may direct the member to discontinue his speech." This alarmed the bores, and some of them made ineffectual efforts to ohtaiu a modification of the rule. But the House was inexorable, and an amend ment proposed by Mr. Gibson was rejected by a majority of considerably more thau two to one. THE LORD mayor's TROCESSION AND BANQUET. The Lord Mayor's procession on Novem ber 9 attracted as large a crowd as ever. If was once more made ridiculous by the intro duction into it of a circus clement in the shape of knights, who were arrayed iu the most trumpery tinsel, and who rode cream coloured horses which had obviously been hired from some travelling equestrian esta blishment. As usual, the interest centred in what was said and done at the Guildhall; but the Lord Mayor's guests were doomed to disappointment, for the Ministerial speeches contained nothing in the nature of either a revelation or a surprise. How the Dinner Committee disposed of all their guests is & perfect mystery save to the ini tiated. A large number of members of Parliament always receive _ invitations to this banquet owing to their official con nection with the City, or to some jet her cause; but as Parliament as a rule never sits in November, many of these invitations are usually not accepted. This year, however, the autumn session has brought everybody to town, and the Dinner Committee were alarmed to find that among the guests they were compelled to invite there would hardly be any absentees. A day or two before tne banquet they had mortgaged every available seat, but they still had to find room for thirty persons whose names were down on the list. How they managed to squeeze these people in I do not know, but I suspect that a raid had to be made on the places reserved for members of the Court of Common Council. The Liberal party are making steady progress in the City. The Liberal Aldermen now number eleven, their Conservative brethren being only one ahead of them. Mr. Gladstone, therefore, was received with rpiite as much enthusiasm as Lord Beacons field was during the famous "peace with honour" epoch. As he walked up the stately reception chamber to the dais on which the Lord Mayor and Lady Mayoress stood the plaudits were loud and long-continue 1, auil when he entered the great common hall there needed no fugleman to lead ofit the cheers for the most popular statesman of the day. I feel constrained to say that although his speech contained no remarkable disclosure of Jin]icy it was the only one worth listening to. iis voice penetrated through the vast area, and his impressive and eloquent language fully realized the anticipations which his uprising always awakens in his audience. The jioor Lord Mayor was inaudible, and might have been, so far as the majority of the assembly were concerned, a deaf mute. It is impossible that his speeches could have been reported at all, if copies of them had not been furnished to the Press. Unfortunately Lord Mayor Knight has loug been an invalid, and is still in a weak state of health; and the lines which a wit in the House of Com mons has written on the Lord Mayor's banquet are. really more applicable to the present occupant of the civic chair than their writer imagined they could be :— Tliose joyous proceedings if studied aright Are a compound of pleasure and care For'tis jolly enough to carouse with Mayor-mugut, But afterwards causes the " night mate." For "the firBt time iu the recolleetiou of the oldest member of the Corporation there was witnessed the strange spectacle of a Minister of the Crown reading his speech to the com pany in the Guildhall. Mr. Childers, in returninc thanks for the army, unfolded his manuscript, and read it in the monotonous style with which one is so painfully familiar in church. Why so practised a speaker as the Secretary of State for War should have made so singular an innovation is certainly very perplexing, and I can only suppose that he was unable to trust himself to re member that portion of his speech in which he referred to the battles which, like that of Tel-el-Kebir, were fought on the 13th of September. Many people are now asking whether Alderman Knight will be the last of the old Lord Mayors, and whether the Government will succeed next year in passing their long-promised measure for the retormof the Corporation of London. It is not sur prising that the Aldermen next in succession to the civic chair are growing nervous lest their prescriptive rights should be sacrificed. A CHRISTIAN CONFERENCE. A meeting of considerable interest has just been held in London under the name of, the " Christian Conference." It is really a unique attempt to bring together men of widely diflierent religious views for purposes of dis cussion—perhaps even to prepare the way for greater co-operation on their part in theolo gical matters. There were present repre sentatives of the High Church and the Broad Church parties, and of every section of Non conformists, including the Unitarians. The catholicity of Ijie movement cannot be better sho a n than by the fact that Dr. James, Marti neau, the well-known Unitarian minister, presided, and that the Rev. Newman Hall, an orthodox Congregationalist, sat next to a High Churchman of advanced views. The subject of discussion was the treatment of non - Christian races by Christian nations, this thesis being elucidated by papers of remarkable ability and interest, which were read by Mr. Henry Richard, the Rev. J. T. Lawrence, a Hertfordshire clergy man, and the Rev. Malcolm MaccolL I refer to this meeting more particularly because Mr. Lawrence, in his paper, gave ail account of some fearful atrocities which, aeoor according to one of our leading journals, have been per petrated on the natives of Queensland. A good deal of feeling was excited in the meet ing by this story. Sir Bartle Frere, however, east some discredit upon it, and urged that it was improbable that the colonists would remain passive spectators of such barbarities if they had actually occurred. In the subse aucnt discussion it was stated that these eeds were committed chiefly by native mounted police, and that in Northern Queensland acts of indiscriminate slaughter not unfrequently took place. AI'TaCK ON AN IRISH JUDGE. We have been congratulating ourselves lately on the rapid diminution of crime in Ireland. Unfortunately the attempt which has lately been made to assassinate an Irish Judge shows that the most lawless spirits in that country, although checked, have not been subdued. On Saturday evening last, just after dark, Mi1. Justice Lawson was pro ceeding on his way to dine with the benchers of King's Inn, accompanied by his son, when McDonnell, one of two army pensioners who have recently followed his footsteps, in addi tion to his former body guard of a pair of detectives, became suspicious that the Judge was being dogged by a man whose pace for some distance showed that he desired to keep up with the party. McDon ncll had hardly acknowledged the impression to himself when the man made a rush across the street, which brought him face to face with the Judge, and at the same moment put liis hand iu his breast pocket. In an in stant the pensioner darted between the two, seized the baud with an iron grip, and hurled the man to the ground. The hand was found to contain loaded a six- chambered revolver of the most expensive kind, and the pockets of the man were charged with cartridges corre sponding to those m the weapon. So rapid were the movements of McDonnell that the intending assassin had not the time to struggle before he was effectually disarmed and taken into secure keeping by the two detectives who hastened to assist in his capture. The sceue occurred_ in a well lignted thoroughfare called Kildare-street. The man, on being interrogated at the Police Station, at first gave the name of Oorrigan, but being confronted with certain police officers vTio recognised him, admitted his identity with Patrick Delany, an ex-convict, who since his liberation has followed the trade of a carpenter, although he declines to answer any questions connected with his present position. The costly revolver which he carried forbids the idea that the crime attempted was his own private and unautho rized undertaking. Judge Lawson slipped quietly into his Club, and was so little affected by his escape that, with perfect self-possesiim, he presently proceeded to keep a dinner engagement. THE MURDER OK THE JOIX'JS EAMll.lt. If tbe security of society has been vindi cated by the capture of Delany, justice baa reason to be satisfied by the conviction of Patiick Joyce, the miscreant principally con cerned in tbe murder of an entire family named Joyce in Ireland, under circumstances which I described a short time ago. An attempt was made by the counsel for the defence to change the venue from Dublin to tbe remote district where the crime was per petrated, but tbis was, of course, disallowed. It will be remembered that on the morning of the 18th of August the inhabitants of the village of Maamtrasna woke up to the dis covery that six of their immediate and in offensive neighbours were lying about then poor dwelling in a weak or dying condition, covered with wounds inflicted by bludgeons and pistol-shots. Tbe oldest victim was a grandmother eighty years old, and the youngest a little child between nine and ten. This last is tbe sole survivor. His little head ■ was horribly beaten, and the ruffians pro bably thought liim completely- done for, but he lias been well attended and is now par tially recovered. The poor boy was brought into Court and placed on a table, from whence - he looked sbylv round at the curious scene, nid was met on every side by pitying faces, : but unfortunately his mind was a blank on tbe subjects of religion and the nature of au oath, and his evidence could not be received. There wire ten men concerned in these murders, and this arrest took place upon the depositions of the relations of the murdered family, who followed them at a safe dis tance and saw some of them enter the doomed house. These thirteen persons and the family of six victims make au aggregate of nineteen souls, of whom eighteen have but two surnames, Joyce and Casey, between them. It was known at the outset' of the trial that one of the men arrested, Anthony Philbin, had become an approver, and was prepared to give evidence completely corroborating that of the Joyce witnesses ; but additional sensation was created on the second day by the appearance in tbe witness box of another of the prisoners, Thomas Casey, brother-iu-lawof Philbin, whose depo sition, like that of the other four, was absolutely striglitfonvard. Neither of the approvers took auy part in the massacre, and both confess that they had spoken out in order to save their own lives. The defence set up "was that the three Joyce witnesses were _ more likely to be the real assassins than the men' in custody, and a quarrel which had taken place between Anthony Joyce and the ringleader of the murderous party, Patrick Joyce, was assigned as the cause of a malignant feeling in the witness's mind against the accused. With a view to confirm the impression the second witness for thedefence, Michael Casey, brother of the murdered wife, was called, ana desired to tell whether he had. heard Anthony Joyce say anything about the prisoner Patrick. The reply took away the breath of. the defending counsel. " Yes," answered the witness, "he said h.e ought to be sworn against because he committed the marder." Mr. Stritch, in speaking for the prisoner, might well call this unexpected answer "an unfortunate incident." The prisoner was found guilty and sentenced to death. Mr. JuBtice Barry, in passing sentence, was over come by emotion, and the only person in Court who did not shew signs of breaking down was the prisoner himself. The two men who planned this cruel assassination—leading members of a secret Society—are still at large. THE BELT CASE. The extraordinary libel case of Belt versus Lawes was resumed on the 3rd inst., and is still going on. The plaintiff's case was con cluded two days since, after" testimony had been borne by a number of gentlemen and. some ladies to tbe genuineness of Mr. Belt's work. One of the witnesses was Mr. G. A. Sala, who, in addition to many other aocom §liahments, is an amateur modeller, and who eclared that he watshed Belt at work upon a bust of Lord Beaconsfield, and was Btruck with the freedom and effectiveness of his manipulations. Mr. Sola's testimony is next in importance to that of the several working sculptors who gave apparently straight forward evidence that, though employed in Belt's studio, they rendered only such service as all artists in his line, having a large clientele, ireely use "without detriment to their reputation, and without which, indeed, their profession could not be carried on. An architect and art critic named Robinson also bore witness to having watched the plainti ff at work' upon a bust of himself, the growth . of which lie was quite able to . observe, and to the hearing of an angry conversation that took place between Verheyden and Belt touching "the money which had been paid, and the balance yet due on account of a parcel of cartoon drawings done by Verheyden, which Mr. Belt had the misfortune to lose. The sum paid for these designs' is one of the strong points of the defence, Verheyden alleging that the two payments of £150 each, which he received within a few days, were in reality tiven as an honorarium for the successful esign of the Byron memorial; but that by agreement that subject was prudentially always named as "the lost cartoons." The date of the payment corresponds with the acceptance of the Byron design which Ver heyden claims, and Mr. Belt's position is that the acceptance of his model enabled him to compensate Verheyden for, his loss. Mr. Russell,- Q.C., the leading connsel for the defence, in his opening Bpeech took the ground that from beginning to end Belt had no hand in the Byron memorial, that Ver heyden drew the design, and' that there was a trap or sliding door in the studio through which the same facile " ghost" entered and departed while the clay model was being developed. He, moreover, asserted that all the good work to which Belt's name is attached was the product of similar arrange ments, and accuses those assistants who have given evidence of a contrary kind of con spiring to build up a fame which had no right to exist. It'is cf course impossible just now to express any opinion on the subject one way or the other. The examination- in-chicf of Verheyden is now going on. and the case will last fully ten days more. The climax of interest will he reached when Mr. Belt has been shut into a room with four watchers two for either side—and set to work on a lump of wet clay, which he will be expected to mould into the likeness of Mr. Pagliatic. It was expected that this ordeal should take place jjuulicly, hut Baron Hudileston has declined to have the Court "turned into a theatre" for any purpose whatsoever. THE RIOTS IN VIENNA. The disturbances in Vienna consequent upon the dissolution of the Shoemakers' Guild in that city are regarded in a very serious light, not only because there has been some blood shed and great alarm and distress excited, hut because these riots confirm the opinion held by many of those who habitually watch the course of events in Europe that Socialistic principles are deeply and broadly sown among the artisans of the Continent, and 'only wait opportunity to come to the surface in far more formidable guise than they have vet assumed. Shoe makers area traditionally radical and free THinging class, out u> uuea uut apnea. uuu they are altogether responsible for toe events which have spread terror among the inhabi tants of the gayest city of Southern En/ope. Their Guild was broken up by the polioe on account of the democratic speeches made at some of their gatherings, and they relieved their feelings upon this suppression of their brotherhood as an institution by parading the streets in bands or gangs, which, being largely composed of young workmen and.apprentices, did not march quite silently or in strict military order. The quarters of the city . where these processions took place are densely populated neighbourhoods, where .the poor reside in high buildings containing many families nnder one roof, and affording almost unlimited reinforcements to any crowd that may happen to pass that .way. Thus the demonstrating^ shoemakers were quickly joined by large numbers of working people of various trades, those who, like the shoemakers, had any grievance to complain of in the shape - of an increased tax on their productions or what not, being naturally the first to turn. out. The police authorities - were Blow to interfere, perhaps believing that -the excitement would sooner die out-if let alone, but the moving crowds grew more noisy and mischie vons, and on the second or third day the strong arm was put in requisition, The mob turned savage at the attempt to disperse it, and, having no weapons of any kind, used fists and flung stones. Thereupon tne Uhlans and mounted police sit upon the people, driving them like - eheep, and using their swords "freely. The result of this mutual violence was that the day after the military interference' the rioters were more numerous and more uproarious than before. Fresh crowds gathered in the worst streets of the city, in the vicinity of the old fortifications, which afforded cover for thousands who were enabled to pelt the; police and soldiers at their discretion. These attacks elicited a reckless use of swords and staves from the emissaries-of law and order, and much injury was inflicted on innocent people. But eventually the streets were cleared by an organized patrol, whose efforts were greatly assisted by a terrific storm. As a belief exists in Vienna that the rising has been encouraged from without by Socialists of means and position, it is only fair to state that there is distress enough among the poor of the city to account for the movement. A SCANDAL IN PARIS. All Paris is ringing with the exploit of the pitroleur, Prince Jules Camille de Polignac, an illegitimate, son of a real scion of that great family, but entitled, it would appear, under French law to the rank of.rrwce, because his father has formally recognised him as his son. It would probahly have been far better for young Jules if he had never known the secret of his birth. His father, Prince Camille, was very much out at-elbows. He did not prosper under the Empire, and when the civil war broke out in the United States'he offered his sword to Jefferson DaviB, who was not sorry to give a brigadier's commission to a French Impe rialist, who might help to awaken in Paris some of the enthusiasm which La fayette excited in the same quarter for the Bepublic of Washington. The Con federates were defeated, and Prince Camille returned to his own country as poor as he. left it. For some unexplained reason he always refused to marry the young lady with whom he eloped, although she belonged to a highly respectable family. She. however, was widely known as the Princess de Polignac, and achieved some reputation as an authoress. She gave her son Jules an excellent education, Dut, unfortunately, he never obtained a higher position in Paris than that of a fourth-class Bohemian littera teur. Meanwhile, his father obtained a lucrative Directorship, but was still poor, as he bad to pay off some of the debts which he had accumulated during a long coarse of years. Young Jules now besought his father's aid, which was meagrely doled out to him in the shape of a few francs at a time. Exasperated at the Prince's want of gene rosity, the young man determined to be avenged, and obtaining access to his father's ajiarimenis ne pourea a quantity 01 petroleum on tbe drawing-room floor, and set fire to it, He made no attempt to escape, and, indeed, he carried in his pocket a written confession of his crime, His chief object was by means of an outrage to call attention to his father's cruel disregard of parental feeling. No doubt there are many persons in France who will strongly sympathize with the young pilroleur, and even shea tears over his misfortunes. It is worthy of remark that in politics he is an " Anarchist," and that he has often taken part in meetings called by the Anarchical party. This is a very forcible illustration of the fact that there is an intimate rotation between the vices of the French aristocracy and the party which wages war against order. ABABI PASHA, A few months ago the Conservative party— or rather let me say its leading members in both Houses of Parliament—were clamouring for the overthrow of Arabi Pasha. The Government did not move fast enough for them. Air. Gladstone and his colleagues were, in the Tory view, non-interventionists, " peace-at- any-price men," and fast tied to the chariot wheels of the Brummagem caucus. Now the same Conservative leaders are among the stanchest supporters of whom Arabi can boast in this country. Mr. Bourke, late Under-Secretary for Foreign Affairs—with the sanction of his leader, Sir Stafford North cote—has given notice of a motion which declares that Arabi ought never to have been .given up to the Egyptians; and every day Sir Henry Wolff and other members of the Fourth Party put questions to Mr. Gladstone or Sir Charles Dilke which show the most intrinsic anxiety on their part for the safety and just treatment of the Egyptian leader. It is a gratifying—although ah unusual—circum stance to witness the eagerness with which the Conservatives have rushed to the rescue of their own victim. Arabi seems to know all that is being done in his behalf in this country, and is wisely determined to take advantage of it to the full extent of his power. That he breathes more freely, and that in his case prison discipline is greatly relaxed, is shown by the touching letter which he has addressed to the Times. The letter is something more than a dignified protest against tbe war which has over whelmed him and the so-called National party. It is really an indictment of the IChedive. He says" The war was in accordance with the laws of God and man, consonant to a solemn decree of a Council under the presidency of the Khedive and Dervish Pasha, the Envoy of the Sultan." The general opinion here is that if this be true and Arabi is tried, the Khedive ought to stand by his side, as an accomplice in the rebellion against himself; but 1 believe that the universal opinion amongst Englishmen is that, in order to put an end to a scandalous farce, the proceedings against Arabi ought to be promptly stopped. Many are apprehensive lest tne weight of the evidence should compel even his partial Judges to acquit him, and that thus he would be iree to recommence his career in Egypt. They want the English Government to resume possession of their prisoner, and to « I»i/?' Iitm in enmn Hrtfioli etAlAnSa.] intern#' him iu some British colonial ortress. 