[?] [?] [?] Some Champion Statistics. Psbubebs of the Sportsman will recollect that 1 gavetbem some interesting memoranda, not long since, respecting the horses, their owners, their riders, and the time made, in the more notable of the past Melbourne Cups; and some similar statistical items cannot fail to receive approval in the immediate prospect of next week's great Three Miles Contest. Figures, as a rule, are the driest of reading — and are far too much used for the purpose of misleading instead of affording information, particularly by politicians ; but those who take the trouble to (fiance through tbe following enumerations will find that, instead of being like the confusing items of fancy so pertinaciously produced by certain honourable members, they are plain and telling facts. To simplify, and yet emphasise, the points to which I desire to draw attention, they are separately paragraphed ; end the record is well worth transferring to any turfite's note-book. There have been 26 Champion Races run throughout the Australasian colonies, the event _ having been migratory for tbe first 13 years — during which period two, and once three (1£66) were run in the twelvemonth. The last of these changeable fixtures took place in 1S73, at. Launoestnn, which Tasniaman course till then bad had the greatest sbaro, viz., 7, to Melbourne' 6 3. The great weight, -for-age race then lapsed till 1876, when Iho V.R.C. resuscitated it as the great attraction for tbeir New Year's Day gathering at Fleming- ton, and it has since become an annual insti tution. Out of the 26 recurrences, exactly half were wen by Ihrrc-ycar-oldt ; though it must be borne in mind that horses of this age had several pounds better of the weights, up to I860, than now. The respective winning ages have been as under : — Six years and aped 9 times (Zoe twice. Mormon twice, Strop, Talleyrand, Panic, Ladybird. Tarragon. Five- yearH-old First Kiug ... 1 time Four-years-old 3 times Ladybird, Ear-won, Strop Three-years-old 13 ,, Flying Buck, Belle of tbe Die, Barb, Fishhook, Fireworks, Bonmlo, Leo, Richmond, Pride of the Hills, First King, Wellington, Grand Flaneur, CoriolanuB. The owners who have won more than once are— Mr. John Tait, five times; Mr. James Wilson, three times; and Messrs. Kcinhrnn and \V. field, each twioe. Tbe only horses who have been twice suc cessful are Zoo, Strop, and Firt>t King. The 2G Champion victories are divided amongst the various colonies as follows : — Victoria ... — 12 times Kvw Suiitli Wales 7 „ Tasmania 3 „ South Australia 2 ,, New Zealand ... ... ... ... 2 ,, The jockeys whose record of winning mounts is the highest are— Tom Hales, 4 ; Jemmy Aehwortb, 3 ; and Billy Simpson, Joe CarLur, Sam Davis, and W. Murphy, 2 each. The Slowest Time was Mormon's (at Wnggfl)— Gin. 3Sa. The Fattest Time was First King (at Flem- ington)— 6m. 26s. Possibly other particulars in connection with the quadrupeds and bipeds who have taken part in this most truly important of Australian raoes might be " fossicked out but the shore should surely suffice to satisfy any ordinary lover of tcrf statistics. No more fitting place than the present amongst my to-day's topics, oould be found to catch the eye of all owners or nominators who have horses engaged in the Kormanby Stakes or Champiou Race — and to impress upon them that forfeits must be declared and paid, before 11 a.m., the day after to.mnrroic (Saturday), or else they will be liable for tbe full sweep. The amount of the forfeit in tbe former event is 5 boys,, and in the latter 10 sovs. The Amateur Clnb's Boxing Day Meet ing, though it would have been deemed excellently well attended on any ordinary occasion, did not realise expectations on Tues day ; but still the gross receipts were beyood those of last year, and tbe crowd on the lawn and stand proved quite sufficient for comfort. The inauy improvements effected gave con siderable satii-fuction, especially the newly arranged seats with backs, and the con venient retiring rooms. The only failure was tbe enclosed betting ring, which the metal- liciane reasonably objected to as being placed in tbe wrong position, and also for being uncomfortably dusty aod gravelly under foot. A few of the bookmakers occasionally entered within tbe picketed enclosure, but it soon became evident that tbe plan wouldn't " fiz," and the Committee must change tbeir ideas, although they may be quiteright iu separating tbe odds layers and takers from the general visitors on the lawn. This they can readily do, by running a line of posts from the further corner of the Telegraph Office to the further side of the weighing house, and making this a strict demarcation, beyond which no pencilling shall be done. Talking of t lie Ring, they had rather a warm time of it throughout tlio afternoon, favourite after favourite coming iu first ; and had tbe current priro been laid to such amounts as are usual at Flomington, they would have got "veri table slops." The Ghost opened tbe ball by lauding the Selling Stakes at level money, aud then Duenna did the saute in the Juvenile Stakes with 5 to 4 on her. Then came luncheon, and a very elegant and toothsome spread was laid by Mr. lies (of G under and Co.) in the cool and oommodious saloon re cently erected at the door of the grand stand. The inner man having been judiciously cared for, the Hurdle Race proceeded, and for the third time the most favoured animal landed the money, Daily Hampden— from the dan gerous Dowling Forest stables, and ridden bv lucky Tommy Corrigan— having not much trouble in beating the heavily weighted Dburringhile, a protest by the rider of the Utter bring dismissed. There were several falls in the race, and Pilgrim met his death. The Christmas Handicap resulted in a dead heat between the two first favourites- Baron Yon Mueller and Coletoun, so the talent were in a further zness ; though Colstouu relieved somo of them by comfortably defeating tbe Baron in the run off, despite 3 to 2 ana 7 to 4 being laid on the white-faced chosnut- The Steeplechase proved a chapter of accidents to a large pro portion of the field, as described elsewhere, and the Dowling Forest represenUljro, Bry&u; O'Lvnn, who started at tbe shortest odds, carried on tbe backers' continued good I form. TUo last event on tho card only | slightly changed the run of fortune, the second favourite, Sguireen, boating the first faTOurite, Transferred, pretij earilj, though -turfied tip IVhlteVTilfy" Blue and White, by WiJbcrforce from While and Blue, a stable companion of Middle- march. The fitly started at six to one, and just beat tbe favourite by a head. The Summer Cup, the race of the day, saw a capital field at tbe post, many doughty heroes being amongst tbeiu. Morpeth was the fancied one of the public, and be left ibe paddock at five to two, short odds in & field of nearly twenty. The result was a great surprise, as the winner turned up in The Gem, who beat the favourite by half a length, Sardonyx being third. The wiuner went out at 20 to I, The Amateur Handi cap saw the Drummer's elder brother, Baud- master, to the fore, as he beat tbe even money Caraclacns by ahead only. Stells had a little difficulty in landing the even money taken about her for tbe Selling Race. After this the Two-year-old Plate was disposed of. The quality of tbe animals was not by any means of tbe first order. It was won ' by Little Wauztr. Willeroo was installed favourite for tbe A.J.C. Handicap, which be won with ease ; , Hesperian, the once mighty, being second to the son of Zetland. The races were really capital taken right through, and as the executive worked hard to make all inatteis a success, they achieved tbeir end, and are to be congratulated there upon. Tite Victorian Betting Club's ec-cond anuuul races— -to bo ruu ou tho Metropolitan oourto, Flemiugton, by special permit of tbe V.R.C. Committee — demand the attention of nominators to'day , all entries closing at 4 p.m. sharp. The stakes provided by our local Tuttersall's are on an unusually liberal scale, and it only needa to specify the differeut tempting events in order to bear out this assertion, viz. Hurdle Race of 150 sovs., with sweep of 3 sovg.f entrance 2 sovs. ; Two-year-old Stakes of 200 sovs., with sweep of 5 govs., entrance 3 sovs. j Victorian Club Cup, of 500 sovs. !), with sweep of 5 sovs., entrance 4 sovs. ; Selling Race, of 100 sovs., entrance 2 sovs. ; Steeplechase, of 200 sovs., with sweep of 5 sovs., entrance 3 aovs. ; and Buokinakors' Puree of 300 sovs. (!), with sweep of 5 sovs., entrance 1 sov. The grocs total of given money comes to the largo sum of £1450 ; aud tbe sweepstakes being not only moderate, but payable by acceptors only, whilst tho entrance fees are a mere trifle, there should be quite a sensational list tf engagements published in the morning papers to-morrow, wm be rect-ivea by the V.R C. secretary at 100 Bourke-street West, where priutcd forms arc obtainable ; and thoc intending to nominate are particu larly requi-Bted to bo early at tho office in order to facilitate matters. The Geelong nominations merit hearts congratulation, for they comprise a good proportion of the best horses on tbe Victori turf thiB season, aud also include representa tives from the sister colonies of Now tiouth Wales and South Australia. A glmce through tho mure important items of the lengthy list will serve to show this gratifying fact. For instance, tho Hurdle Race has 12 horses engaged, being tho best present per formers over the little stick", euch as Handy Andy, Rhesus, Lady Hampden, Annie Laurie, and Gambler, with a few whose fame is yet to be acquired. The Gold Cup has 30 entries, and amongst these figure such cracks as Commotion, Sweet William, Guinea, Gudarz, Navigator, Czar, Verdure, Zimbesi, Lothair, Mistaken, Little Jack, Belmont, Guesswork, Odd Trick, and Britisher. The Grand Stand Stakes numbers 24, and the Geelong Handicap 40, amongst which are several of those already named, besides Faul, King'worth, Don Quixote, Bagot, DouphI- ston, Josephine, Petrel, Bassanio, Baron Von Mueller, Santa Claus, Bathurst, &c.; The Steeplechase gives gond promise with the unexpected lot of 14, for jumpers have not been so scarce for years as now ; and this ( baker's dozen" presents proved cross country animals, as well as aspirants for leaping honours. Both the Sires' and Mares Produce Stakes have a fair quantity of original nominations still left iu ; bat as some of these remain by accident, whilst others do not appear as named in the list furnished to tbe press, they are not given in th<> pre.scnt issue, but will be published at a later date in a correct form. Weights will be declared on 4th January, being the Thurs day after the Champion meeting. Tbe Kensington Final Meeting is to be run to-morrow (Friday) afternoon, Mr. Sam Cox'e term of lcaso being over at the end of the present year, and ibis handy suburban course will then be "a tbing of the past." Eutrics were received yesterday, and, as ibis farewell gathering has only been suddculy arranged, the weights cannot be issued till the morning of the racing. It is to be hoped that Sir. Cox will be favoured with fine weather and a "monster muster," for he lias catered long and carefully to provide stakes for second- class stables and to furnish sport all the twelvemonth round, and deserves a bumper benefit for his hut programme. Tjie Hay acceptances urc very satisfactory for the principal events to be run on the 1st and 2nd of January, nearly every owner having cried content, which is a feather in the handicapper's cap. Moreover, noue of the few horses declining arc of any fame, whereas those best known to the local sports men have all declared to start. For in stance, animals of such repute as Pimpampa, First Light, Vulture, Artful Joe, aud Tip- pcrary Boy remain on the list, aud u capitally contested card is therefore sure to reward the Hay turfites. Weights appeal to-day for the handicap, on the fiat and over hurdles, at the mixed meeting of Ibe Trotting Club to be held on Saturday afternoon, at tho neatly laid out Ehstcrnwick course. Tho programme of races is a decided improvement on auy yet pro vided, and the committee have received their reward in the goodly number of horses en gaged. It ia to be hoped the sporting public will muster in full force, and thus encourage the Y.T.C. to " go on and prosper" in their novel and expensive undertaking. The Wyndham Races last Saturday wero somewhat disappointed as regards attendance of visitora and number of starters, the fact being that the date was inadvieably chosen, whilst the only special train furnished being a lot of seated cattle trucka, the majority of the usual patrons of the Werribee Plains' spnrt declined the discomfort. Monitor landed the Hurdle Race in a field of two, Luoinda won £he double of Selling and Galloway Handicaps, Queen Mary secured the Summer Banaioap' in good style, and Mr. Septimus Miller's good little snare Ooo- reena proved viotrix in the flying Handicap. | , "I7" meetings hgAfefa jff aridioap, though -naff then later in 3the:ftftenAta timWed dot a shil- he 'Windsor- v"®, R'rhmoud "Hauoio&p; from start to finish. A eon of Ydttendon out of Gunild s dam called Umbula ran his three-quarters of a mile in such excellent time (lmio. I8|sec.) that he deserves bearing in remembrance. The Secretary of the Albury Racing Club, Mr. C. Ten Brink — who was the efficient "scratch" for ibe Smythesdslo meetings in those good old times when they fairly rival led the high-class Ballarat Races— has for warded the full programme of the A.R.C. for lGlh and 17th March — the cboeen dates referred to last week. There arc six events each duy,— viz., on the opening afternoon a Hurdle Race,, two miles ; Selling Stakes ; Mares' Produce Stakes ; AJbury Cup, of loOsovs., the half of which is subscribed by Messrs. G. Day, H. J. Bowler, and A. Paton ; Maiden Plate; and Ladies' Mile of 50sove., of which 25sove. are liberally given by James Mitchell, Esq., of Tabletop. The second day's bill is Two-year-old Handicap ; Prince of Wales' Stakes ; St. Patrick's Day HumJi- cap, of 70sovs. ; Steeplechase, of 60sove. ; Flying Haudicap ; and Consolation Stakes. The Hon. Sec. of the Sbepparton Club also fursiobeB me with his " bill of fare" for 22nd February, and it contains half-a- dozen varied items, the principal of which aro the SheppRrton Handicap of 100 sovs., one mile and a half, and the Hurdle Race of 50 sovs., two miles- I am privately in formed that the beautifully situated course on the banks of the Goulburn River is iu excel lent condition, being well covered with couch grass, and all tree roots well grubbed .out. From the conveniently positioned kill every portion of the ruuning can be wit nessed from start to finish, and there is pro bably no race-track in tbe colony so similar to Flemington in this important respect. Capital luose-boxes are obtainable in the township, which is barely two miles and a half from the raoe-track. Breeders, and others interested in the various young stakes to be run at Wapga, under tho auspices of the Murrumbidgee Turf Club, must bear in mind that nomina tions (free) for tbe Sires' Produce and the Mares' Produoe Stakes of 1885 and 1SSG close on the 6th January ; slso uoniinatiuns for tbe M. T.C. Derby of J 884. Moreover, on the same date, description must be given to the Seoretary, Mr. J. Hawkes, of foals for the Sires' Produoe and Mares' Produce Stakes Ot IbM ana lBbO. Dull p&iticulara; can be found on reference to our adverthing coluinus to-day. TnE Tulbot turfites held a caucus last week and appointed a large working cotumiitec and the customary officials, in order to carry out a race meeting on the 20th February. The programme is to consist of Maidcu Plate, Talbot Handicap, Selling Flut Race, Selling Hurdlo Race, District Race, and Selling Hack Race. Mr. George Yowles will be the handicapper, and the dates for entry, &c.;, will shortly appear. Smeaton puts in a claim for Sth February, when the following events will be run, viz. : — Maiden Plate, Hurdle Handicap, Smea«on Cup, Selling Hurdle, Handicap Trot, Cuuso- lation Stakes, and Selling Hack Race. The meeting is to take place under V.R.C. rules, and full conditions will be advertised in good time. Going down to Wyndham races last Satur day was a glorious treat — to those who liked it. Tho sheep trucks were a credit lo the Department — for carrying sheep in, but not luiuian beings. The odour arising from them was something to be remembered ; it wa< so dense that a kuife could cut it, and when to this was added a strong wind which blew the black smoke from the engine funnel on to our faces, my readers can imagine tbe splendid time we had of it. I don't believe that a hundred scouring9 with ean dc Cologne or any other perfume could have cleansed the trucks and sweetened them so that they could be fit for carrying the filthiest mortals, and yet, strange to say, we had with us a minis ter of the Crown and a supporter of tbe Government. Messes. W. C. Yuille & Co. hold a sale of blood slock on Tuesdav afternoon next, at tbe Pastoral Hotel, Flemiugton, com mencing at two o'clock ; a considerable portion of the lota being yearlings from ihe well-known and well-proved Tabletop stud, and sired by imported Glorious. The damsof theseareavery superiorclassof equine matrons — as instance Needle, by Stockbara ; Perfection, by Yattendon, and claiming cloc relationship to Ssppho ; Ne«t, full sister to the flyisg Loup Garon ; Trifle, by King Alfred ; Acrostic, by Panio, from Puzzle ; and Eurydice, full sifter to Loup Garou. The youngsters are all engaged in some or other of the differeut Produce aod Foal Stakes, and their value is thus greatly enhanced. Besides these equine infante, there are several two-year-olds to be offered, amouget which may bo mentioned Clitoris, full sister to Cunnamulla, and some animals of more matured age, from threo years old upwards. 1 have <io doubt that some capital bargains may be secured by anybody possessing a moderate amount of means and of judg ment. It has been rioted elsewhere that tbe pro test against Leithamstead in the 2.50 class at Elsternwiok had been upheld by the Trotting Club, and tho stake? awarded to S\lph ; but I am now in a position to announce that Mr. J. A. Roberta — the owner of tbo mare declared tbe actual winner — immediately handed back tbe full amount to the Y.T.C Committee to do as they liked with, this gentleman having solely objected in the interests of the pastime of trolling. As Mr. Roberts very justly remarks, "if horses that made their records in harnoss could start a new life in saddle as 3 minute class, it would simply leave the door opcu for fraud." He also very feelingly adds that " Sylph has thus made a record of 2.62, and got nothing for it, she hating been a maiden before. Mr. Roberts then adds that a brood marc, belonging to Mr. Ronalds, of Brighton, had twins last Friday to Boccaccio, the one dying the next day ancl tbe other the day after. "The Sportsman's Handbook" is the name of a carefully compiled little -volume devoted to preserving all trophies of the chase, whether beasts or birds, and which has been continuously sent us direct from its London author, Mr. Rowland Ward, F.G.S. It is full of useful directions how to set up a great variety of specimens obtainable in the hunting field, and also contains a guide to ihe best countries for sport throughout the world. . Tee privilege of tiu'Ftamngton. coarse Air Champion Race day were soul yesterday by Messrs. - Campbell, .Pratt <at Kirk's Bazaar, the JtitendMoL'jroeciiW: tors bring lazge and the bidding HTriyvIBkS total of the auetion came to £3MlBs9igi a little beyond the priMobtained lsetri. 'j Ops Sydney Special, hi -ids tfty. Wes&ly; budget, refers to ' the « |ac£%>f the, JLJ.G.- imposing a.Mmilaricriiee Jffie .lm jwukmakerp to that hhsrg iy ohrR.O.,' Aid that the oommittee re Hi&ifly; tif ref dse the -coin of cdrtaih parties ad mmWFt» ths iemed Harry jnjrrep£itioixBly7 guanas sdremsripeiit nottp Jjftf sjff J" i ."g \- i oub> diffuse this -Australian . ihcludftg.riie position of i&iferTOt; .icliffis;M3 &irO; specte of 4hetetelij4ti>r. ' f-He mentions, Alsbj' that'jir. J real|y;iLidr4he .nUkuuntry, hisirotiSM- i ijJ aw, Mr; Dhaidvs" 'qj&tobaicl; having taken' command of the Lockieys training establishment. It may not be generally kuonn that Mr. Savill's original profession was that of a comic urtUt ; aud it seems that previous to going away lie sketched a CtjrUluiiiS cartoon for a local satirical paper in which he showed up somewhat severely certoiu parties on whom he had " a down which " down," by the way, was mutual. Proctor, the well-bred, well-shaped, aod remarkably well performing Queensland horse — for whom that excellent judge, the Hon. J. Kales, gave 1200 guineas only two months since — dropped dead at Wuiiscud (near Newcastle, >.8.\V.) on Tuesday. 1 beg to tender my siucere regrets to bis worthy owner at the sudden loss of so valu able un animal in the very prime of his age and promise. Tna Myrtleford folk have wisely post poned their races from the original date to 5th Jauuary, in order to have the programme appear iu tho Y.R.C. Calendar of next uuulh, and thus save owners uf horses from the inevitable disqualifications other wise accruiug. Fourteen older announced country meetings have neglected to be iu compliance with the strict regulation paired so long as 27th October, aud duly notified, aud tbe defaulting list has now beeu made public iu the advertisement columus ot the aporiiug press, by order of the Committee. My New York files mention that the famed English and American azuateur athletes, George and Myers, had run two out of the three eveutsin a matoh for tbe championship, aud were "trick and tie." Myers won the shortest distance, half a mile, after a clow struggle, bat George beat him rather com fortably in the mile. The deuldiug race is over three-quarters of a mile, and immense interest (besides a lot of dolhus) attaches to the result. A pigeon match was shot last Friday between ee,vou members of the Melbourne Gun Club nnd seven from the Ray wood club, the cutidiiious beiug that the winners were euch to receive a £5 trophy from the losers. The visitors — amongst Whom, however, are' euch familiar name as Messrs. A. R. Inglis, Arthur Wilson, and Norman Wilson — scoured a well-fought victory by two birds only, -and. tbeu bcmfctl uf The lustra to nonutu the 36- sos-ereigns to the Creswick Disaster Fund iu preference to the suui being devoted to the original purpose. Verily, there are no more kindly -hearted generous fellows on the face of the earth than your genuine sportsmen I The South Australian Jockey Club have decided on oth, 10ih, aud 12th May for tbeir annual Autumn Meeting, and the total to be given away in stake? ie £23S5. The amount of the S. A.J.C. Cup has Dot yet been announced, but it is doubtful whether the cut-throating policy of last year's rivalry with the ARC, will be pursued by each offering such large prizes as £1000. Several of our Melbourne metallicians arc " doing" Baud wick, instead of Caulfield and Flemingtou, for the holiday race meetings ; and they are probably in tbe right of it, as there would be more all-round betting on tbe large fields of the Summer Cup and Tattersall's Cup than over the few horses supported in our own turf events contested ou the same days. The customary speculators in race-course privileges for tbe RanHwick Summer Races, od Boxing Day, must have made up tbeir minds that the afternoon's sport would prove a triumphant success, or they would uot bare given such prices for only a few hours' cbaoce of profit on their outlay, the auction sale of rights having fetched tbe large sum of £S8G. Another of tbe " old familiar faces " with which the Flemingtou training ground has been identified for the last quarter of a cen tury will never more be seen on the Salt water Flat, the geuial und always well-cou- ducted Hurry Hurley having yielded to Ktug Death after a painful struggle of several months. Uorley will be recollected as head stud-groom to llie late lamented Sam Wul- dock for many years, and a more implicitly trustwortliv mau never had confidential chargo of a large establishment. At one time, wheu Wuldock had so numerous a string that they cauie sweeping down to tbe grouud like a squadron of cavalry, Harry went by the name of " Tbe General," and it was always said of him whilst living— as will always be repeated of him now be is dead — that he deserved tbe respect borne towards him. Since the decease oi " Natty Sain " be has managed the grand range of loose-boxes attached to Mrs.Waldock'e snug litlleliost-clrv, and the worthy widow must deeply feel the loss of her husband's " right hand " and her own faithful assistant. A large number of grieving mourners of all ranks and classes attended the funeral from Ascot Yule to the cemetery. TnF.Salo programme and re-arranged dates (April 11th and 12th) arc duly advertised, nor can the greediest of horse-owners find fault with the liberality displayed in slakes by tho leading Gippsland Xurf Club. For instance, tho Sale Handicap is i'250 added to a sweep of £12 10s., of which handsome amount the Hon. Wm. Pearson of Kilmainy Park, baa specially donated £100, in orderte render the prize a tempting one to the best horses on our turf. Tbe Province Plate, of £100, is also a generous gift from Mr. Pearson, the conditions of tbe race bciug that all horses nominated must hare been the property of residents or voters in the Gippsland Province prior to l6l of January, 1SS3. This style of prize sets an example to other gentlemen of large means, who represent important con stiluencics, to " go and do likewise," as ssys Holy Writ. The bill of fare presents several other excellent items— including a steeple chase for 150 sore.— and attention will be called thereto previous to the day of entry ; it deserves immediate mention, bowercr, that nomination and entrance fees are £l, and that all sweepstakes are 6 per cent, oil the given money. The English Derby has on two occasions been run on Her Majesty's Birthday, and, for the information of any colonial sports men who may be contemplating to time a visit to the old country so as to see the Epsom bine ribbon contested, I beg to fore warn them that the fixture for 1663 is Wednesday, 23rd Hay. sT itenui Siognld .Jiot tat ; iMliwgi tnrfiiErf ahort 'prtce.Hffcer wHimu££r Race. Tbe same year shtTran a loser twice, aud then nothing more was beard of her until disgracefully beaten as a four-year-old in a Huuters Stakes last spring. She was engaged in both tbe Cacsarewitch and Cam bridgeshire — having " the luxury ' of only G-t. 4lbs. in the latter, and not starting in tbe former. About £120,000 was quieily got on the dark outsider — a far from popular buuk- maker named Crook being mates with Peek in tbe bottled up good thing— and tbe major part of this sum came to the confederate. The Ring, who always hate to be 44 bad" by one of their own craft far worse than by legitimate backers, wittily swear it was a d d rrooT-ed affair altogether. The 1 4 distinguished arrivals" (to use hotel phraseology) at Flemindion rinoe our Iot iH?ue have been Ditrebih, St-genhoe, and Jessie— engaged in the Champion Race — and Narinu and Middl»march, who are to Uke part in the Normauby Stakes. Mr. De Me tre's string remain at Williamstown till almost tbe last moment ; and muchly to the di?gu-t of the professions' touts, who would give 14 all their old boots" to see the bonnie little black, as well as the whispered dan gerous oherinut filly, do a little wind-up work. According to my able and chatty fellow- scribe, 44 Truinpator," tbe eeeentiic Adeluide trainer, Mr. Utvill, ha- brought out no less than 111 winners during hi tnrf career in South Australia. Although I nev'T should have tbouvht it, no doubt the Observer1 e hporiiug contributor is correct in bis figures ; but I cannot reriiit remarking on the strange coiueideoce that the winning figures should so appropriately consist of all l's- The deserving cross-country rider, Kil- dutf. bed a bad mishap last week on the Saltwater Flat, a head-strong animal, far from euphoniously named Gaunt's Chrono- grab, huviug swtrved on the fenced in track, after panting tbe lower sheds, and rolled over the rails. Kilduff received a naety wound on the bead, and laid for some time senseless ; but Mr. Bob Mitchell, of the Ricei-ours-e Hotel, kindly brought down hif light waggun and quickly conveyed him to tbe nearest surgeon (Dr. Turner), afterwards taking the lad to his own home. It was late in the day before Kilduff recovered '.nenscioaeneGs, though I am glftd to learn he has since gone on well. Trfn Secretarr of the Dimboola Racing wiaub . aonda-wnrd that their annual meeting fins bceu fixed fur 6th March, aud that it is intended to draw up a thoroughly good pro gramme of events to be run on tbi'irne-vly laid out course. Tbe cboeu date bas been placed amongst our usefully tabulated " Racing Arrangements." Mr. Sam Martin bus become the possessor of the Wugga steeplechaser Obadiab, and the horse has juiued the sain? sportsman's Trevallyn uuder tho able tutorship of Joe Morrison at Flemingtou. The refusal of Mr. Sam Cox to appropriate to hie own race-fund — although he had every riirht so to do— the 20 sovs. which the stewards fined tbe well-known Teddy Weeks, was highly creditable, as female authors write, 41 to bis bead and his heart," for he divided the amount into 10 sovs. to wards the Creswick Disaster Fund, and 5 pnvs. each for the Melbourne and Alfred Ho-pital. I bope this spontaneous act of sportsmanlike liberality will be returned ten fold to the giver. AitEFERENCEto thelist of foals— published to-day under the usual beading of " The Stud" — dropped at tbe respective breeding establishments of Mr. Henry Phillips and Sir Thomas Elder, will be of much interest to many who like to take note of the yearly in crease t o tbe t borough-bred stock of Australia. There is a singularly marked contrast in the sexes of the equine infants produced at tbe above important studs of tbe sister colonies, the majority at tbe former being fillies, and at the latter colts. For example, out of 23 at Bryan O'Lynn, no less than 17 are of the "female persuasion;" whilst, out of 21 at Morphelville, tho masculine majoritv is 14. Mr. Phillip? has lost one mare aud foal, but Sir Thomas Elder bos had tbe misfortune to have three dead cult?, all to imported Gang I Forwurd. By-the-bye, t hut " blue-blood" I dam, Peradventure, hiis been served by Gang | Forward to Euglish time in order that the | produce may be nominated for some of classic events in the old country, and hereafter carry the Tartan colours of the spirited South Aus tralian knight. I mentioned last week that tbo prelimi naries uf a sculling match, on tbe Clarence River, had been arranged between Rush and L&yoock; ; but, according totbe Sydney Mad, there is a hitch about the amount of deposit money, and tho rival oarsmen are now, as tho drill serjeant observed to his raw recruits, 44 as you were before you wero." (in dit that wo aro to have the usual ameuitie of turf transactions interrupted by a couple of libel actions — the one beiug by Mr. E. De Mestre agaiu6t The Leader, aud the other by Mr. Hnrdiman against a book maker named S. T. Jacobs (not Morris of that ilk). Of course it does not behove me to enter upon the rights and wrongs of any matter subjudicc ; but I cannot avoid uttering my little joke, and averring that he must be a hardy man indeed who ventures into tbe dangers of the law. Owing to the larger portion or his last season's stud produce being fillies by Cb&ndos; — and that grand imported sire having died after a very short service — the Hon, E. K. Cox has instructed Mr. T. S. Clibborn to announce that the usual sale of Foruhill bred vearliugs will not take place this summer. This determination caunot be wondered at, for it is but reasonable that Mr. Cox should wish to keep solely to himself, for breeding purposes, the female Btrain of tbe noble defunct. Leithaystead has been disqualified for the event in which he came in first at the recent meeting of the Trotting Club at EUterawick, and tbe purse awarded toSylpb, who came in secODd, the grey's previous per formances not having been in accordance with the advertised conditions of the race. 