SURVIVAL OF A MAN INTO WHOSE DRAIN A DREEOHriN HAD PASSED. There appeared 111 tho rotunda of tlio Wind sor Hotel, last evening, a gentleman who at tracted no little attention and comment. Not that he wns odd in malte-up, or eceentrio in domcanour, bnt bccauso ho bore upon his forehead, tho ghastly mark of a . miraoulous osoapo from death. Evorybody who noticed tho long rod lino, looked a sooond and third timo, and looking, suggested that tho man hnd something interesting in his history. An in quiry nt tlio .dosk, rovenlcd tho fnot that ho wns a Now York journalist, the oditor of tho Gastronomist, .and that his namo was John J. Kompator. Upon solicitation. Mr. Kempstcr told a roportor tho story of tho wound. It ocourrcd whilo wns duel: shooting in Now Jersey, on the 28rd of Soptombor, 1880. Said Mr. Kompator: 'I wandered into thomarshos about a mile and a half from tho littlo villago, and finally obtained a good shot at a flook of duoks who woro swimming in a shallow slough. I fired, and thnt waa tho last I ro momborod for soino timo. Whon I recovered consciousness, I was lying flat on my bnok ; tho sun beating down on mo. I know that I was wounded, but for many minntos oould not im agino wlioro tho injury was. Bottor senso oamo to mo slowly, and with it strength. I folt something trickling down my forehead, and, putting up my hand, touohed a thin ooating, that proved to bo minglod blood and brains. Thon I undorstood that tho gun had oxplodod or discharged itself through tlio breech, nnd something had ponotratod my forehead. I raised my hand a second time, and folt tho smaller end of a brccohpin pro truding from my head. I immediately thought all was up, and oommcnced to make my pcnco with God in prayer. I grow stronger and inoro conscious of my condition however, and in tlio hope of securing medical aid that might save my lifo, I struggled to my feet. A mimiiusa, un 1. jii j 11 1 1 n l 1 Lny.vj. ,.u.o with lend, wns all that I suffered. Every thing appeared natural to 1110; tho trees, tho shrubbery, nnd the marshes, nnd even tho path I had taken, was distinct to my mind. I was oven thoughtful enough to take up tho brokon gun and examine it. Tho stock was separated from tho barrels — imbedded in my brain was tho absent brccohpin. ' I walked back to tho village. It seemed nn ago before I got there, the invisible weight on my head bending mo to tho ground. I novor rested though, but kept 011, with only a vague hope for lifo cncournging ino. When I arrived at tho hotel where I was stopping, tho peopio seeing 1110, fled as if a ghost were approaching through tho daylight. Whon I told the clerk to go for a surgeon, I10 stood as if palsied. I grew mad, and Blioutcd to him to find a surgeon or I should dio, and thon I fell to tho floor speechless. I was again un conscious until tho operation had been per formed, nnd tho iron pin was taken off my brain. It was a bungling pieco of work, two country physicians, who know as much about surgory as I do of Chootaw, hacking and hewing, and sawing my head until thoy had oponed it, as you can seo, mora than two and a half inches. Thon I was put on tho train and sont to New York. Until unconscious ness camo to my relief again, I was in tho most terrible agony, my brain aching as though a thousand daggers woro pioroing it. I remomber boing placed in tho hospital am bulance; tho remarks of bystanders that I could not live ; tho jolting noise through tho streets; the ringing of the ambulanco bell, which sounded liko a dcath- knoll to me; and after that, all was blank. It was several days boforo I oamo to, and woll I rccollcct tho first quory I mado to tho doctor : ' Was thore any probability that my lifo would bo safe?' Four months afterward I was onco moro at my desk, grinding away as if my brains wero intact.' Wlioro tho brccohpin entered Mr. Komp ster's head, there is a space of about half an inch in diameter, where tho cuticle touclics tho brain, and moves with each pulsation of tho organ. A cutting of the skin would ex pose the brain. — Denver (Col.) 'Tribune. 