PARAGRAPH is going the rounds of he newspapers, borrowed originally from the PaU, Matt Gazette, relating to the average size of the hats worn by the present generation of Englishmen. Discussions of this kind have become quite a fixed feature in modem journalism, and it cannot be denied that they add very much to the interest of the daily papers. Even the Timet allows scarcely an issue to pass without giving its readers one leading article at least on some topic wholly aside from politics, home or foreign, and referring to a matter of everyday life. The implication intended by this new element in journalism is, that the newspaper is the real mirror of human life, and is bound to reflect faithfully every aspect of it. Politics, in fact, are fading out, and the social life of "snlnnil is asserting itself more strongly. Hence the dissertations we now find in every fresh batch of home papers on such homely matters as domestic economy, cookery, ghosts, the dispersal of large libraries, and even on hats.- Hie contention, in the discussion on the head- coverings of the male portion of the English population, is, that there has been a decided decrease in the size of the hat of the average man within the last generation. The fathers of the living hatwearers required, on the average, hats fully three-eights of an inch larger in circumference than their degenerate descendants do. This is the testimony hatter? M ' Then the question arises, is it true that the heads <4 the English race are growing smaller! Does advancing civilisation tend to diminish the aze, and thenoe the power, of the brain f Is, in fact, the Anglo-Saxon race becoming efiete, and gradually dwindling down to the level of the Chinese, tile Japanese, or the Hindoos? These enquiries are based, let-it be remarked, on the assumption that the sixe of the head forms, as a role, an exact standard of the brain-power of the individual; and that small-brained persons are, on the whole, of more energetic intellect than large-brained people. At this point of the discussion the whole theory and science of phrenology cdine into play. And it is cations to remark that phrenology, after being relegated to the limbo of purely fanciful theorist, is once more coming to the Itiiht as a trne science. This discussion on hats is an evidence of the fact. But there is a primary consideration to be first resolved, before the main point can be settled; and it is. this : Does- the admitted decrease in the average size of hats spring from merely a change in the classes who wear hats T Now. Uusis nvery uoe question; for it nvol ves the subordinate qoestion of a change in the social habits of the living generation. The London hatters .state that Midi a change has actual!; taken place. Classes of persons wbo in the' last age-were accustomed to rat caps or easy felt wideawakes—as youths, hopmen, clerks, and the Jikn—now fifeot the -more fashionable chimneypot ; whilst, on the other band, rlnwifw that were- wont to "sport" he chimney-pot in bygone days, ow wear the pliant felt . wide- awake or "pot" hat of the period. This last is especially true of the clergy >b^uued class, we are told— who fetfeat last fsirly sacrifioed fashion for oooifbrt. No doubt dies* changes atthe tsroendsof the scale hare had some effect in diminishing the average si»n of .hat »oM in the london shops, and, in fact, may be tha «irpl»miiion of the whole aatter. Bat cne thing is quite certain, namely, that the English nee is not deter imating cathw in use or poftwr of brain. Thg testimony of the London hatter* ii .all very w^l in ita way, bat it ifl vny &r; indeed from being the only evidence, or even £Ee 'right1anfl: of wdenoe TOquirpd in tha aiattar. Ths appeal must^fw to tbe • or fatiwkjgirfs in this case; not tbthe hatters. Are* gister is no doubt kjnt? at many large public institutions exact conditions of the phydcd^nbnea^l. tite in? mates. In the army and navy, for example, a minute account >18 taken of each individual enlisted, including the size of his head. Now, the testimony of an old army or navy surgeon, or of an experienced surgeon at any of the greatlAndonliospitals, would, as to thw matter, outweigh that of a legion of hatters. For theirs would be -evidence bearing on the head-piece itself, not on the head-covering. Is the British army, or the British navy, of 1882 composed of men with, on the whole, smaller heads than stood on the shoulders of their predecessors of the times of WELLINGTON and NELSONI If not, then are the British Boldier and sailor quite as well fitted to conquer by land uid sea, and to maintain the supremacy of Cheat Britain on both areas, as ever they were. The enormons extension of the empire within the last fifty years certainly backs up this assumption. Then, as to the general population, let the discussion be raised from hats to heads, and from beads to the brains they contain; for that is what it all comes to in the end. Now, P it is as certain as any fact can be, that the English race of the present generation is, on the whole, 'superior in intellectual force—or, say, brain-power —to any generation that has preceded it. Never were Englishmen so universally enlightened as they, are now; never was' knowledge more widely diffused; never were men's hrains more active; never were the results of that activity so magnificently apparent. If the size of the head be the standard to be applied, then ought the heads of the English race to-day be several inches larger than those of their forefathers in any age. As to the individual case, the rule of size does not rigorously apply, as everybody knows. A 6maU-hauled man may be a great genius, whilst his neighbor who weftrsa three-sizes logger hat may be ao' arrant dunce. The quality of the brain has as much to do with the matter of brain-power in the individual as the quantity of it A fellow might require a hat the size of Mr GLADSTONE'S, end yet be' a mere noodle—in fact, "ma mad as a hatter." THE mining share market last week continued in a healthy and sound condition, but the principal cosiness WM in Kingston goW; • gjj^g gtocka, induced J"-'" . - '—-> . »/ vDfi lEcnwa reiurns u^u tbeSevei'&I; mines in that qnarter. The uisp&tes;, however, between the mine managers and the Miners' Association at Gordon utd Egerton had a bad effect upo& the Parker's United and Black Horse shares for a few days, but the satisfactory settlement in the case of the Parker's United, and the probable termination of the strike at the C Black Horse mine, traded to make both stocks firmer at the end of the week. The fact of over 2200 oz of o gold having been recorded from the Township quartz mines for the fortnight caused a general firmness in all stocks along the line, and buying and aelling quotations "were very close throughout the week. . Band and Albion opened with sales at £8, and holders were not inclined to quit at anything under. There was no badness recorded in North Band- and Albion, although sellers were.offering at 30s after payment of * 3s. dividend, but Band and Barton Consols. had a more active enquiry, and were quitted at 17s to 19s, closing buyers at the latter figure. Young Band and Albion were taken at 15s 6d, but Young Band Extended buyers and sellers were very wide. There was a tolerably good business in New Cresoent early in the week at 6s 6d to 5s9d, but the demand then feR of£ and there were "afterwards sellers at the latter price. A better feeling existed for Serjeant's Freehold, owing to better stone in the south slopes, and sharas, after aelling at 25s, were wanted at 25s fid, holders asking 27s 6d. Smith's United were not .mentioned for business. Band of Hope Quartz were held lor 9s, bat both No. 2 and Na 4 had a firmer tendency when the yields were known, No. 3 having, changed hands to 21s, and Na 4 at 30s. Neither Wilson's Freehold norWashington were in -favor, but there was some animation in New Bum Burr* shares on Saturday, at 2s 6d to 2s lOd, closing with" sellers at the former figure. New K.oh-i-Noor had a better market, and were qnitted up to 31s ex dividend,' owing to the satisfactory yields from the parent claim and the tributes.' Other stocks in this locality were dulL Nearly all Kingston stocks had an advancing market until the end of the week, when holders relaxed slightly, and top prices were not sustained. Madame Berry commenced with sales at £1510s, and steadily rose to £17, bat there were sellers afterwards at £16 15s, best buyers offering £16 10s. Looghlin went from £]L1 7s to £13, and then receded to £12 13s 6d, and Lone Wand fluctuated from £12 to £12 6s, back again to £12. Lord Harryalsorosefrom55B to57s, and then fall to 53s and 54s at the close of the market. There was a laige bnanes% each'day in Australasian Consols, with sales from 10s 9d to 13s 6d to lis 3d; while Australasian Extended having sold from 43s to -4& fid, dropped steadily to 401 Betty Contois had a rising tnarket throughout the Week from £4 5s to £4 18s; while Berry CODBQIS Extended advanced from Stts to 32* and -Ben? Na;l:± lli' to 12s. Central -Australasian had a-disturbed market, consequent the varied 'boring indications, openly at 2s $d add 3s, and then droppiag to lls 6d. HjcHepburn group tit stocks did not show much deviation bom opeuing quotations, l b heaviest decHne of the week was in Union Hill 'sharea,' from 15s 9d to the faQing-off being attributable to the yields not being ap to expectation*. Pomeroy also receded from 3s 6d to 2a fid, and South Australasian were ofiexed at 5s 6d at the. and of the week. Bistori, Cooper's Freehold, North Australasian, and Bcawn's Freehold remained tokarably firmj' As already stated, the -oiifbitunato " dispute at the Parker's Uiuted mine, Gordon, affected Jibe vtloe el shares, ^riiich needed fern 35s to 3Q« «x dividend, bat there wem aslwr ind buyers at 31s 6d on- Saturday, when matters wan fin's faasia Bladk Horsehadaeaeni^t 24s,- but Bgerton were firmer, and rose fawn £S Parker's United No. 1 had business at 3s 8daad Ss »d, with standing ofietsat'the latter there Ifene 530 -«3as - recorded mines in tidi -distiict. ^ stocks pressed, owing to th^aUingMaff yi the yields from the \«Bi»gf^Gner8 United claim, and slum in tW latter .__ture had a tfflavy |&ine; Irbm £9 6s to £8 joii Tuesdafpwid dun fluotedted between the IMRST figure and; £gi 5s, dosing with sales at £8 Is. With the exception of a sale of New Discovery shares at 6s, there was nothing doing in Beaufort stacks. The following dividends Jiive been declared daring the week:—Qaeen's Birthday, 5s per share; Working Miners United, 3s per share. The comparative yields for the terms named are asbelow:— Companies Band and Albion Blade Hone .. Beaufort City of Ballarat Cooper's Dyke's.. Duke Enterprise, Gnat Western Goldbroofc .'. Hobart Pasha .. . Hepburn Home Paddock. LoneHand .. Berry New Kong Meng . New Discovery New Victoria New Australasian Ust week. Week before SO II IS 185 16 0 272 7 0 S10 13 0 62 u o issn o 176 10 0 oet Office .. Plevna Reform Hoyal Saxon Bistori.. Baeeoomae, Haddon Socth Victoria Spring Hill Consols Trunk Lead .. Union Hm .. Waterloo king Miners United Yoong Band Kztended 10 14 «S 8 SS II fm tulght. United Black HOI.. Wilson's Freehold .. Webb Bra*... • . . Yorkshire .. Elaine (to tans) . («tonsJ .. , 60 19 248 18 SSI s o as o S3 17 438 16 Notetan . We regret to leam that an in vestigation of the late Mr B- Atkinson'a finanrisl affairs shows very serious defalcations 111 near!' every comp&ny; with which he was connected bat until a complete audit has been eSected the full extent of his deficiencies cannot be OpffepUy determined. So far, however, H £ jggtftouned, the peculations ia the Qoeen CoOfs 11^ Black H31, amoont to about £400, the deWMttl having received a large amoont of tgst U not having SCCOanled for it. The North Qaeen Ppmpaoy's aecouuts are deSciant to extent ot £247. tuZ ^ hivlag been falsified to that extent. No arillt has ie of the Victoria United Company's books, bpt the embezzlement here is supposed to be about £200. In the latter case the less is - particularly seven, as the company consists principally of hard-working and persevering miners, who have been for the lastmxoramemonths struggling through great difficulties in developing their property. Fortnostd/ the riterion Company is not a great sufferer, the manipulation of the accounts having bean prevented through the close supervision the chairman of the compsjiy, Mr J. T. Sleep, who having fancied about a month since that the manager was conducting the company's hanking business through his private account, immediately insisted cpon all moneys being paid into the company's account. It has been .diauovered. however, that the calls on a numbers* shares held by Atkinson have not best paid, although the posting in the share register represents that such has been done. Bathing is known yet as to the state of the Mazeppa Company's accounts. The No. 2 Queen Company's accounts have been found to be complicated to some extent, bat nothing will be known as to the defalcations here, if. any, for a few days. Takes altogether, it is computed that Atkinson's defalcations will exceed £1000. The deceased appears to have dreaded discovery ot his embezzlement on the day on which he committed suicide, and made an excuse to the auditors of one of the companies «[ which he was manager that he could not get the bank pass-book made , up, bat would prodace it next day. He did not do so, however, and the next phase of this unfertonats badness was the news of Atkinson having drowned himself in Lake Wendooree. Tin funeral of the deeessei took place on Saturday morning, and although the desire of the family was to conduct it ss privately as possible, there was a (large attendance of bis personal friends. Yet another suicide, the latest victim being Mr Thca. Dickie, of I«armonth. Particular? of the sad occurrence will be found in a telegraphic messsge from oar Learmonth correspondent, and published in another column. . Serious concern has been manifested dnring tiie past few days aneot the disappearance of Mr John Fiisaell, late Undlord of Fnssell'e hotel,. Start street, and it was reported last night that his body had been found ia Lake Wendoaree. After making Jail enquiries into tiie matter, however, we ascertained that there was no foundation for the rumor. A terrible accident happened on Saturday to a little boy named George Speed, aged seven years, whose parents reside at Springs, Bangaree. The little lad, with some othets, was playing with a chaff-cntting tnachine, when by some means he got his right hand into it in such a manner that the back of the hand was eaten oat, apparently by the cogs, the fingers s&d; palm of the hand not being touched. Hia parents being informed of the accident to him, his band was bound up, and he was brought .in to the Hospital. The bones of the hand were then found to be Smashed, and it eras evident that nothing could save the member. The resident aorgeon, seeing the urgency of the case, at once amputated the hand at the wrist. Testerthe poor little fellow was dung as well soold be expected, and in spite of the severity of his injuries he is expected to recover. The dispute at the Parker's United claim oajf now be considered at an end. The decision arrived at by the direatocs of the company (as published in our Saturday's issue) having been .announced to the men at tin mine, it was- regarded as a satisfactory solution of the matter, and accordingly a ballot was taken'on Saturdsy afternoon, to detennine apoa the twelve men who wero tobedischaiged;theminingn decided ta shorten his staff af hands to that extent.' Mr Janxislfysnacted ss returning officer, and HhetUlot resulted in tsrdve noo-swoHstion men .being, selected' iar discharge- .The ribfbsmir.it the mine, W?s conducted ^inlat^, » Ssu «iTintttB»t«s shown : in tbe i the streets af-Gordsa fnii miners from lEprtos an the«UToanSton brass Jsud" lag." towaHBid pE pi' eefactiatti of 'reference to lie ease <4 one of the employ4* at the mine named Kerr, who it-was alleged had committed an ssliulton a non-member «f the smoistirm working at the mine, enquiries made oa Saturday, elicited that the assmltifad no oonnectioo with the mine, bat arose from a private qoamL- The board of directum, therefore, who reserved the right to employ Kerr ifo^ will probably MLe no farther notice this complaint; b(>t in the case of Braas fortherinrastigationiayet to beotuia. __ 'iftites .il TaffRm^itis'ttt £stnA Jas^pt^r, and several of illaias, and one «*s«k thou*, rf Weaty a» n^ortsd (rota Dystalaty. teqti'er ailinent wiooh AVe are riaa to ^ e lhat ] whto fortheistitfeSwywitiemstitoEshe prwdent of the Ballarat XtBsrs' Atneiatiasi (Mr G. W3- that tlMy wdn on ; and u fQpMtajba heard ^the matter toroad to tyjnflte 4*7. Amsn nsmed James Taraer, who Bves in tsh^ku*. wsa .ey Wdly beatenrtlibout three .on 'Bosdiy morning, Mkn ^.two Maagjaim •who. he sta^WA aSk^ha-fo-hJu, whouiW 1882. care jwnrovoc«m wwvcr.^Pe w« near lis house wUfifpfie «P™»g upon lum, an«|biis.t him «boat the' head m each a brataltaanoerihat his lovrer lip was jplit,1>ia face fceadfollj brdised, and his jaw injored. Turner, accompanied by hit wile, went ID the Hospital about twenty minutes past three, and bis injuries were dressed by the resident surgeon, after-which he went home. The police have been informed of the savage assault made upon .Tamer, and it is hoped wOl be able to bring theoffendea to justice. A'youth named J.-Scott, who-lives in. Davis atreet, called at the Hospital on Saturday to aee if anything could be done to relieve him of a florin he had swallowed. • The coin bad passed downhisthroafcwith esse, and was found to be in his stomach. Aaitoonld not be got out, he was instructed what conwe of treatment to follow to get nd of the florin, and then left the Hospital for his home. Saturday that a nugget weighing 12} lb had been found that day in White's paddock; and that the party intended to dispose of it at the Melbourne mint The weather had been unbearably hot at Dunolly for four days previously. An ingenious expedient adopted by a boshman on the wallaby for keeping the flies from his face attracted the attention of those who observed the traveller in Bridge street on Saturday. He had pierced the nm of his felt hat in several places, and from the holes thus madehe had stmugseveralpeces of string about three inches long, each piece having-' the bottom & narrow section of a cork. Tt gave him a sort of fringe round his face, and the light pendants of cork, blown sbont by the breeze, or agitated by the slightest motion of his head, acted most efficiently as a fly-Bearer. As the b ashman had one hand engaged in carrying the inevitable billy, and as jerking the other shifted his swag unpleasantly, the usefulness of his ingeniouslycontrol sdr fiy-scarer will be seen. One of the occupants of the waggon on Thursday last, when the two homes were struck dead by' lightning, a Mrs King, suffered severely from a shock to her system after the occurrence, bat she has now somewhat recovered. The lake and gardens were not so largely attended yesterday as might have been expected, the temperature of the weather no doubt militating to a great extent against the attendance. Daring the afternoon the yaoht Pinafore, containing Mr That. Stoddart and a party of ladies and gentlemen, overturned. Tha passengers were, however, rescued without suffering any injury beyond that of a severe drenching. At the oneetine of the Miners' Association on Saturday night it was resolved to urge the restriction of the use - of dynamite and litbofractenr to wet shafts. A msn namgd -tt"N»lly was standing against »door at the Provincial hotel on Saturday, just as someone opened it. The •ndden removal of the support be leaned upon caused him to f≪ inwards in such a manner that he sustained a severe scalp wound. He went to the Hospital, where his wound was dressed, and he WM then able to soto his home. M«Kally, who was by ttie b(»t of the hoJE.' was™ l J:»« ceive 1.™ his • . „*tsmg 1 IMI tGe uimaj.t_ > trr.pi fewi^^ikS be was hurt occurred. The fun®fai of the late Mr William Smith, of the Robin llood hotel, Peel street, took place yesterday afternoon, and was largely intended by the friends of tbe deceased. Ineluded in the procession were numerous repreeentati ves of the Ballarat Licensed Victusllere' Association, of which the deoeased was a sealoos and respected member; and the pallbearers were Messrs Searle, Da vies, Gabbett, Smith, Williams, and Carvalho. The deceased was interred in the New Cemeteiy, and the Bev. R. T. Cummins read the burial service at the grave, The mortuary arrangements were carried ont by Mr Chas. Moms. Councillor Phillips took the Town Council by surprise on Friday night, when he intimated his intention of resigning, but he had not quite definitely decided to do so. Leaving the council chamber just now would not advance the movement be and Councillor Wood have in band in protesting sgainBt the manner of leasing tbe baths. We understand that instead of resigning. Councillor Phillips will follow stone- wall tactics with regard to this question, for the present at least. It is said that a hotel in Main street had a -visit from soma of the Ballarat East police last night. The raid was probably in imitation of those made recently by tbe Mel bourne detectives in search of gamblers. Mr "James Rtussell desires to state that important engagements in Melbourne, which were entjpred into before his nomination, will preclude him from addressing the elertors before- Wednesday evening next. Kotiee of meetings to be held will be duly advertised in Tuesday's papers. A boy named Albert Ward, whose parents reside on the C'cswick road, when diving in the Corporation Baths yesterday, struck bis head against the bottom of the bath with sach force tint he received a scalp wound.' He was taken to the Hospital, whence, after his wound had been dressed, he returned to his own house; Mr Martin Stokes, landlord of the Black Horse hotel, who had been indisposed for a long time, died on the evening of Friday last. His remains were interred in the Gordon cemetery yesterday, the funeral procession comprising a very large number of relatives. The chemistry lecture clsss at the School of Mines, to be held en Saturdays at ele ven a.m., will b^gin on the 28th instant. This class fa specially designed for teachers, and during tha year it will go over the whole ground required for the examination in chemistry under the Squtamt of Education. Those entering now ?oght to be ready for examination in December next. It a free to all State school teachers, and itsb desirable that all those who think of attending should present themselves at the fint lecture, or communicate their intention of attending subsequent lectures. Ibn who are not tcachers, but who may wish to attend a couree of lectures in eheauab^. are requested to apply at ones to the registrar. Oa Saturday morning a young snake, about 15 inches in length, was killed at the rear of the G tsworks, it having been discovered in a &ower-p; it in a garden adjoining a reeidenoe in that locality. This is the second that has lately bpen killed there by the same person who despatched the.reptue mentioned. Both bad evidently been brought into town concealed in fags of wood. A Ohinaman named Ah Chung, when — : — - small mine in New had bis right 1 (ft quantity __ earth upon him. H* was taken'to the hospital, where bis injury—rather a serious one—was attended to. Ilirae boys left the Bcformatory on Saturday evening, and have not yet returned to that institution. Like the V k^td-hearted lady to adopt child," the hoys are gn wanted, and on patting in an appearance receive something theydaaHdasire, tat have richty earned. £ « Tbe half-yearly jpneral meeting of the members , of the Ballarat branch -of the .A.M. A- iwi pJace a* Hm Met^smcaVIaatitttte nn ^Saidijj^bt, 300press**. Xhe bMiessapapoi was SKftaf f very langtt* nature, included & it being some irOTSrks by tbe president, affiytfogthc Black Horse strike, ang the declaration of the result of the baUotiag for certain o&om; in noaswto with She fanaeh. The ceedinga were mwked shropghont with great unanimity aaotjglk the members preatnV A report appeals elsewhere. An old tnirn, named William JfLean. was mrveS by the atsnmaa at Mr Henry Afpen'a More in Mair street, ou Saturday to takedown from* shslf a bottle of whisky, valnsid at Ss6d, and to endeavor nefarioo^y to appotsiate the«|iirits.-'Hieaha)iaiangavB Umiodargeto Bttuor-eosistable brarbm, and "Una morruug Wt». Ul^u, agedmxtyfoar yean, wbospent -last sight in the oeUs, w31 be brought up at the City Police Court oaaeha^ga«ffa(ae^.' ' . . .' . L A bttleboynamed Thcs. Eavsnsgh, whose parents Raids in' ArmstrorMr street, was admitted iatothe Ho^ntal 00 Saturday, suflctp- Uffan imn injuries to Us faetL which W^bwn nansed by^a hnttt kidd^g him oTfriseyes is injored. ^ Tbe nomiBation «f UM dtmAna lar tiie Ballarat Woollen Opajnydoeed en Friday., but ao othos b^Ucs those retiring havini D.Jt'Phecno, J. J^ehdl.Md J. CSmith ^ M f a H a t p i d l he declaied <]a>y re- It is generally believed that rats, animals of Ma^ gnawing; order., cannot «xist «soo present here is the one in the m ilace. This common belief would >e to some extent erroneous, as a fa way rot has recently been »»n dii itself in Start street, ^nd on beuig d displayed a knowledgs of the strret cnlvere that indicated familiarity with thfclocality. We are glad to learn" that there is an improvement in the condition of Mr Wm. Sim; lis medical attendant having pronounced him to be now ont of danger. A 'meeting of the committee of the fate concert in aid of the widow and toady of tius late Stewart M«0auley, was held m the hall, Dawson street, on 21st January. B TO. stated that the committee bad handed over to Mrs M'Canley various sums since the concert, amounting to £20 6e 6d. The committee psssed a hearty vote of thanks W the ladies and gentlemen who took part m the late concert, and the meeting closed. The Apollo Candle Company, the prospectus of which appears in another column, offers an excellent opportunity for invert-, ment. It wffl be observed that epecial circumstances have led to the formation of a new company on a wider basis than previously, and it is confidently anticipated that the outlay will return ten per cent, per annum on the subscribed capital. We understand that shares are being largely applied for in all the colonies. Mr A. Beece, cooper, Main street, finished a few days since a work of no small magnitude, in the shape of two large vats, for use in the Warrenheip Distillery. The vats are 10 feet in diameter, capible of holding 5000 gallons, and are models of workmanship for neatness and substantiality, Mr Beece has t also received an order for repairs in connection with a large' number of vats for a a distillery at Dimboola. This incident shows that Ballarat workmanship is well appreciated. Both rabbits and hares are at present veiy plentiful in the Bamunbeet district. The first event for the Fink trophy was sailed at the lake on Saturday, when the Duke, Viola, Reporter, Grand Flaneur, Pinafore, Flying Scud, snd Victoria entered the list. There was a fair breeze Wowing, sad, travelling well with it, the Flying Send led from start to finish, and won in 1 h. 21 min. 50sec; the Pinafore was second in I h. 28 min. 25 sec.; and the Viola third in 1 h. 28 min. 36 sec. One of the moet noticeable features of the racing was the clever handling of the Pinafore, which in the last round cut oat the Viola and Grand Flaneur, taking-second place, as stated. A slight collision between the Duke and Viola happened, bjit, though disagreeable in itself, had no hearing upon the result of the race. The second event will be sailed on Saturday next. s. A very enjoyable day was spent at the Botanical Gardens fast Thursday, the occasion bong Mr E. Parkinson's silver wedding A namber of his friends and employes were invited. The emplqy£s, taking advantage of the occasion, presented Mr Paikinson with a massive gold albert chain *nd locket as a token of their esteem and gpod feelu^g towards him, some of them bring in his employ for about ten years; and Mrs Parkinson was also presented with a beautiful book. After the presentation their healths WOT dnini todsmtablyrtt^ded to by Mr CUUHW, ^kiwn, and the reminder of the day — was spent in amnsements. In the evening urss suent in amnsi 15? I^any retired to Mr Parkinson's fce-1 : sidenoe, thern with "when some ol ifhis professor aSSUd which closed a most enjoyable day, In connection with a picnic given to the children attending the Sunday school at Junee, held on the 18th instant, a feature oj tbe day's entertainment was a baby show, at which there were ten exhibits. The quality was so good and even that the judges faiVed to separate them, so a prize was givjn to each. A special meeting of the committee of the Gordon Mechanics' Institute wss held on the 18th instant, when accounts were passed to the amount of £25 for the fttting-up of tha hall. Itwas decided to have a concert on tiie 17th of Febroaty, to assist in defraying the expenses of the above outlay. Teams from the Clones and Creswidk bowling clubs played a game on tbe ground of tbe fatter club on Friday last. The Chinee team won. The scoring was as follows:—C3nnea—No. 1 rink, 34; No. 2 rink, 33; No. 3 rink, 36^totsl, 103. Creswick— Na 1 rink, 22; No. 2 rink, 21; Na 3 rink, 30—total, 73. Tbe visitors thus headed their opponents by 30. Supplementary to tbe temperature of the districts named that we gave on Saturday, we add the following On Thursday the thermometer at Bacchus Marsh registered 106 degrees, at Kyneton 103, at Gchuca 11% at Geeiong UH, at Heathcote 106, atCamperdown 103, at Castlemsine 10% while at Hay the reading was 120 degrees. All these readings show the heat, not in the sun, but in the shade. The Governor, with the advice of the Executive Council, baa accepted the resignation of Mr W. Anketell as a magistrate for the central bailiwick. Of the 861 persons relieved at tbe Ballarat Benevolent Asylum fast week, 291 were children. Mr K. Knights, jun., is gazetted acting clerk of petty sessions at Scsrsdale. On account of the Minister of Lands having been vaccinated direct from the calf, he was not able to attend at the Lands office on Saturday. Daring the past week 150 indoor and 475 outdoor patients were treated at the ^•"•—t Hospital. Front's Ballarat brass baud was stationed an the balcony of Mr Harrison's music warehouse excellent programme cf music. The street was thronged with promenadera, who heartily enjoyed the entertainment and testified their appreciation ' by frequent applause. The OuffemaMe Btpraealatine says:— "Ballarat bids fair to become a Scotland of the oolony, for go where you may a 'Baliarat man ' is almost sure to be found. On a modest door-post in Fenchureh street; Loudon, K.C., is a still more modest sign-plate of tin, such as was seen in days gomtyii Ballarat, with the same name in this case, are added the words 'mining engineer.' Hitherto in bygone days the engineer was mining agent or manager. Ballarat men will readily recognise the individual by the modesty of hu door- plate," Tbe Chief Secretary of South Asstrslia telegraphed (says the Argus) on Friday to tbe Chief Secretary of Victoria for 200 tubes of vaccine lymph, but there has beesi such « demand for lymph in this oolony recently that only 100 tabes could be sent, The property circular of the*well-known firm of Sydney auctioneers, Messrs Hardie and-Gorman, has jut been' issued. The sales of property (says the ITorW) most have beat enormous as may be taua the fact that tbe sales of Bus firm alone amounted during the year to over a million and three-quarters sterling Tbe exactfigures are £1,764^80. Affcsr all (says the Oordo* Advertiser) Darid Jones, the engine-driver at the Bgerton mine, is to be prosecuted ^by Xr Chatfas Stewart, inspector of mines, for )us allied negilgenoe on the oooaaon of the recent frightful accident to the -late James Hop- Jai*. TfecasejriH b« heard at theGordou Fotiee Coort TO Wednesday nei*. Xfeis is the fourth time the law officers of tha Crown bam changed thsdr minds overthisproeeca- Aaew class of composite carriun (says tin Age) is being constructed by. toe Ballway Department, the &st; being planed on the line this week for ossroyaaoe to Beechworth, from which placo it will run to Wssgasatta, The carnage, which IS OB six wheds, is in three compartments—fint-claaa, seeopd-cfaass, and guard's van—and has been specially constructed for up- counby lines, where the passenger irsffic is limited. The wear and tear of rolling stock will, it Is anticipated, be considerably reduced bv the introduction of these carnage*. MrB. W. Best, solicitor (says tbe jfjrt, has been inslrected by tha relativwt of Mr Catler, who was drowsed on'fhe oecaidoa • i tin collision bctwsen the stesliiem J»' £ Percy and Kelson, and I7 Mr Steer, was severely injured at the same tn ly to the company for eimper old this not be granted, leeal u^»wiUbetskBi. 4 Tbe aqmdroo ul H.LM. the upm^namnve in Hdhsan's' H 1 !' ^ ™ Herald) to-d^. Tbe reilwsy i^dals at ti ' tibnhavs not particularly- * - j it(says the I&poatJure; A Indodingtiie ordinary ^J^J. ^ F * ? 1 tioa,.thereare atprer tworai iwenty-Iour r perday pa^tfng thr ter engage! oa th \ seven a.m.~-titt. > haveto^eoMrtr ... ,. the night doty £ taken week ab rat \ It is : iways!plessaat (says the Bendim Advertiser} to record instances of " redtapeSsm.'' \ Th» fart train from Melbourne to Sandhurst, both on Thursday and Friday night, was detained at Kangaroo Flat for neatly ten minutes, with the object that it might not amine in Sandhurst before the hoar(11.23 p.m.) There being no -station between the two places, u the senselessness of this proceeding Laa only to he mentionea to be understood. Scarlet fever (says the ITorfd) is prevalent at Mansfield. The State school m consequence hss been closed. It is stated (says the HmOd) that the Government have decided to spend £10,000 on lengthening the Sandridge Bailvay Pier. The Qeelong Advertiser saya that DrLytUeton, of Geeiong, has accepted tbe appointment of second medical officer at theQosaa. tine station. Dr Lyttleton proceeded oa Saturday morning to the station at Pont Nepeau. \- Two brothers named Hardy (ssys the Age) were shooting near Bathurst on Thursday. The elder stumbled, and his gun exploded, killing his brother. The Telegraph records the death cf Mr Thomas De Courcey Meade, solicitor, at Kilmore. who died suddenly on Friday afternoon. He had been in indifferent health for some time, but was walking about in his irden until within an hour of his death. Je bad poetised his profession for nearly hirty years in the town, and was well known nd very much respected. Great sympathy is felt for his widow and family. On Thursday night at eleven o'clock (says the Maryborough Standard^ Abley, aged fifty-five, commenced tbe feat of walking 200 miles in forty-eight hours, and at nine o'clock on Friday night he had completed the first 100 miles, and after a rest commenced to pound away again. Abley concluded the feat on Saturday night. Anew history of Glasgow, by a youthful journalist of that bid city, ia announced as -naaily ready. . We remind oar readers that Mr John Dewhuret, the eminent tragedisa, will make bis debut at the Academy of Music to-night as Kichelieil, when he wui be snpgmted by those great favorites, MrlV.J. iioUoway, Miss Annie Mayor, and the entire, dramatic company. _ The Sydney and Melbourne press speak in glowing terms of Mr Dewhuret during his recent seasons there,, and fast week: at ^Sandhurst the press characterise his acting as perfection. Great, preparations have been made if the mansge-- ment for his wesson here, everything being dons to make representations perfect. Hie dresses and appointments are simply gorgeous. The dress in which Mr HoUoway appears to-nigbt ia a magnificent one, he being clad in a suit of bright steel mail from heaJi'fwt- Altogether we look for a successful season, «d anticipate * ^Tthe Mechanics' bmftilte on next Friday evening, a grand concert will be given under the anspi^ of the Amalgamated Society o^ Engineers, in aid of a distressed brother* The — conceit will be followed _. by -, a .. select , . ball. and'onlv a limited number of tickets wffl C i - Our adVSftising coluxnbs announce thst Jam^e Pollock has been appointed the Minenrest agent for the Imperial Fire Insurance Company. W« are requested to remind performing members at the Balfamt Liedertafel that a Special rehearsal is called for this evening, at half-past seven sharp, at the usual place, to prepare for the gentlemen's concert which takes place at the Mechanics* Institute oa Wednesday evening. Tbe programme of sports to be held at Haddon on the 18th February, in celebration ot the -aanivereaiy..of the local Miners' Association, are published in another column. A meeting will beheld at the Buck's Head hotel thia evening at eight o'clock, for the purpose of making arrangements for an excursion tiain to Melbourne on the occasion of the annual Sight Hours celebration. Mr James Long will address the ratepayers of Ballarat East at the North Grant hotel, this evening at half-past seven o'clock. The Ballarat Lodge of Free Gardeners, Ho. 18, meet this evemng at eight o'clock, at the Buck's Head hotel A meeting of the St. Patrick'* Day Festival committee ss summoned for this evening at half-past seven o'clock. Tbe annual mwting of the Bsllaiat District Council, G.0.O.O.F., will be held next Wednesday evening, at seven o'clock, at the Oddfellows' Hall, Albert street. A grand concert by Verten'a T. T T.. Minstrels is annonnoed for thia evening at the Templars' hall, Haddon. 