MISCELLANY. Medicinal " Salts."—Navy doctors. The Scots' Goabds.—Shrewdness and caution. Latest Fact —The child who cried for an hour did not get it. City Intelligence.—When a stockbroker buye a library, it aboold be known that he prefers large margins. You may have seen a young man on one aide of the gate, and a maiden on the other side. Why they talk so long ia because a great deal can be aald on both sides. A lady once complained to a certain Egyptian Government official aa to a superior person, adaing, "Everybody teems to want backsheesh." The great man replied gravely and unhesitatingly, " Cer tainly—I also." " Well, I have done one good deed to-day,'* aald BUllngton. " What's that I" asked his friend. " 1 have given a poor, deserving man an overcoat," replied Billington, turning about. "How do you think it fits 7" A New Yobk actress who plays " Olivette" kicks one of her dainty slippers into the audienoe every night, and a big-footed Chicago actress hearing of it wee so tickled with the Idea that she tried it. Three men were killed.—Philadelphia Mews. Cacbe and Effect.—Eminent Provincial Tragedian. — "0<>me hithorr. Sweet One. Tour tnoihorr tells me that you shed team during my Soliloquy in Exile last night." Sweet One.—" Tee, sir. Mother kept on pinching me, 'cause I was so sleepy {"—Punch. Taking the Opportunity.—" Ah, my friend," aald a clergyman to a parishioner who was the husband of a termigsnt, ana who had made ap plication for a divorce, " we should be yielding and forgiving; there are no divorces in heaven." " That's the reason," said the sufferer, " why I am so anxious to get s divorce here." One fob Ingebboll.—Colonel Ingersoll says it la absurd to ask him to believe that seven men conld or did blow down the walls of Jericoo with nuns'horns. Well, then, why does the colonel try to blow down all the churches in America with onlr hi* own good strong breath! Hadn't ho hotter wait jor reinforcement*!—Burlington Hawkeys. The Modern Maiden as a Phkase-Makex. —At the German Opera reoently a gentleman oouid not avoid hearing part of a conversation aanled on by some ladleo of the Superior People who occupied teats In front of him. " What do you think of it!" asked » girl wearing mittens np «o her shoaldera of a oom paniou indore brocade. "It Is quits grand,'' was the reply; " butlt does not absolutely kindle ma" Bdocess Indeed !—An illustrious printer who was travelling was Invited to dine with n wealthy merchant. " I had a son myself who was pasrionately devoted to art," laid his host, "and I sent him to Paris—where he was (or ten years studying in the atelier of the famom* Creepeason." " Ah—and was he sncoeaafnir' "Soooeaafaft Mr,at this moment he owns the seoond largest factory of artificial fertilisers la she country P Two Sides to vex Quxsnoar.—" How often doss the ferry-boat start!" asked the lady. " I very fifteen minutes, mam." "Bow long is it sinoe the boat left heref "Tin minutes, mum." Lady welts ten minutes, and then say* " Dldnt yon say the boat starts every fifteen minutes!" "t did, mum." "WeU, 1 have waited here ten minutes elnee von said the boot bad been gone ten minutes!" "Tea, mom." "Tbeh bow do yon make ont that It marts every fifteen minutes!" "Why, yon ass, mum,it stsnuta from this soldo wan fifteen minutes, and (com the other soldo the next," Mdbioat Home withaV«meawoe.—Ltdy liidae —" How charmingly you pley, Hue Loebert 1 Dear His. Poaaonby do Tomkyns must really bring you down to play, to us at Midas Towwe, our ptaoe in Surrey, you know, mid—I will show you my roses, the Unset rasas In all England. Will Thursday suit your' Bm Iiebk*rdt—Tl You srs ferry vrentty, matsms ; pot Iters vMsUhd tlx Jtttreo, and say to not lif upon roneA"—Piisidh. OriosraioK. —First Town Councillor (whp had reoently been to Penlce): "How that we%ve n peo^le^pew and n laksl* (t, I should suggest that naifadcmhjoodabStB^ht be purchased, u they'd Siv« quits a*C- Beoend ditto (uotraveUod): "Oh, I ant eee tyegood of havin' arty more o' them foreign bkds. Wets plentpb1 dram ho' gesee already. TrayvutAu gra would he enough to breed (ram. Aeto'aKadosmi.leoeistdsrit'd be a wast# o'public moosy,an'WLoppqae H tooth and"— [Tluydaai i,-. .> I; ' M 1 ; A NjAEWW bQlKtvnl |IHmw«M|ti a mo* ns)wwewm|yW9iW<mm hdnemnr paperottce. IhpmmmtaUMMlMe > reporter, who k ssterpHHeg young mamon whan they tint begin work In " jour nalism," but who doee not yet know ae modi as he probably will »«■» Uter period bl» oaraar. Hssamo in etlbtlu topntcti pnbUe nutting the other day. In the ooaiee of whldhbs had stated that" Mr. Aider roanflo-aad-so followed the previous speaker with a few feeble remarks upon the ease under dtscosrion." The odltor remonstrated with the young ■»■«, aad inn not appeased when the reporter told him that the gentleman Hi question had himself said, when he flret got upon bie lags, that all he oould oontribate to the debate would be a few feeble remarks. So the editor took dp his own pen and changed the reporter's manu script, so that It read—" Mr. Alderman So-and-ooUnn made a few trenchant remarks npon the case In pointy which he delivered In that eloquent and scholarly way which la characteristic of all bis public utterances/* Ahd parly the next morning Mr. Alderman So-andoo sent his office- boy round and bought 60 papers i. whereas, lithe reporter"* original "copy" had reached the composing-room nncnaUenged, he would probably have come up to the office In person with a dob. A Stobt or Fovb. Flues.—In the following nest and pregnant little fable some of the ecoentrict tie* of modern adulteration are delicately disclosed'to the oomtnonwealth of ooneumen by a oontemporary Germansatirist—"There were oooe four flies, aad,aa it happened, they were hungry ode morning. Ths first settled upon aeausage of singularly appetising ab peefaaoe, ana made a hearty meaL But he speedily died of intestinal Inflammation, for the sausage wan adulterated with aniline. The second fly break beted upon flour, and forthwith succumbed to contraction of the Stomach, owing to tho inordinate quantity of alum with wfalcn the flour had been adulterated. The third fly was eiaktng bis thirst with the contents of the milk Jug, when violent cramps suddenly eonvulsed his frame, and he soon gave op the ghost, a victim to chalk adulteration, fleeing this, the fourth fly, mattering to himself, * The sooner its over tbeeooner to slr ep,' alighted npon a moistened sheet of paper exhibiting the counterfeit presentment of a death's bead, and the Inscription • Fly-poison.' Fearlensly applying the rip of his proboscis to this devioe, the ' inrth fly ( fourth fly drank to bis heart's content, growing mors vigorous and cheetf ul at every mouthful, although ex pectant of hit end. But he did not die. On the oontrary, be throve and waxed fat. Ton tee, even the fly-poisen was ad nits rated. Handling a Tennessee Crowd.—A Michi gan man who has a patent windmill went down to Tennessee last fall to see what he oould do among the farmers of that state. Beaching a town In the oentrai part of the state, he went to a dealer in agricultural implements and stated hie desire to erect hie machine and call attention to it " Well, it can be done, I guess," was the reply. "But how had 1 best pro ceed f" " Well, you kin pat her up over on the hill tbir. I don't know who owns the ground, bat U yon treat the crowd I guess no one will object" *' Very welL" " Next Tuesday Is market day, and there'll be heaps of folks in town. Ton want to be around early and treat the crowd." " Tee." "8et the old thing going, and ask the boys over to drink something ff Jnat Art " fl 7aI1 wmnk fA ntnnd AO • keefl an^ mabi Just so." " You want to stand on a bar*l and make some explanations, of course, for it will be new to must of 'em. But don't talk too long. Make it about 10 minutes, and then treat the crowd." "Yea" "If you nave to talk any more, tell 'em there's another drink ahead." "I see." "If the old man Jones comes in with his boys there'll be a row in the crowd. They shoot on aigtit. Keep your eye peeled, and if you see any signs of a row ask the whole crowd out to drink." " Yes, but——" " Look eat for the dog fights If one takes place you can't hold the boys a minute. Keep your eye on the If you see a yaller pup begin to bristle up, ask the crowd to step over and moisten." "las, but by that time the whole crowd will be drunk," protested the agent "flartln it will, and that's what you want, of conns. That will give yon a chance to skip oat and take your life along wltn you, and if you makoastop anywhere within a hundred miles 1 11 send the wind mill by freight—provided there's anything left to send. Nothing like knowing how to handle a Ten nessee crowd, my friend. Did yon ask me out to take ■unthin'T' Minneapolis Floor. —Ben Wilde, the Aurora funny man, has beat up in Minnesota, and tells of a conversation he had with a Minneapolis man wbam be met on the cars, the subject being, as usual, Minneapolis flour. Ban commenced with: "They make some flour in Minneapolis, do they not!" " No, sir, it makes itself. Minnesota wheat is so foil of flour it would be useless to try to keep it shut up in the kernels. It is such vigorous flour It would get out on its own hook if it were not taken oat." " I understand," said I, "Minneapolis flour Usold in Eng land cheaper than It is retailed at borne. How is that! "Clear enough, sir; clear enough," replied the healthy-looking Minnesotian. " You see, our rail roads charge for freighting by tho hundredweight. Our flour is so light that the more they put in a car the lighter the load grows. A cargo of Minnesota floor goes through for nothing, and is entitled to a drawback at the other end of the route. An for selling cheaper in England, that is clear enough Its buoyancy makes it desirable for ships to carry. A shipload of Minnesota floor oould not sink." " But If it should get wet 1" Isnggested. "The wetter the better. A swamped shipload of our flour would sop up the Atlantic in two boon, and let rite people walk across ss the children of Israel crossed Lake Mlnnetonka when the hosts of King Pharaoh were after them." " I have heard It ft very lile eustaining," I added in oompllment. " Well, I ehonld emphasise !™ and be straightened up as if to startle me, but I was beyond that. " Life-sustaining! Well I should smile in capital italica! There is an effort bring made by the medical fraternity and the undertakers to get on injunction against it! manufacture. It fs fairly driving them out of business. And if the Government would require vessels to carry a loaf of Minnesota bread for oach passenger, we would hear of no more sea disasters because of Inadequate life-preservers." " Are you a dealer In flour f I asked. " Oh, no; I am a clergy man. If I were a dealer in flour I oould probably tell you many wonderful things about it" I don't want to meet a Minneapolis miller until I get tired of life. —The Merchant (St. Louis). A Puzzled Board of Education.—At an examination of a public school on Btaten Island one of the scholars failed In a problem. The teacher said" Ladies and gentlemen, I shall Invite a gentle man of the audience to work out the sum on the board John Smith, open the book and road that question." The scholar obeyed and read out —"Add fifteen-slxteentba and nine-elevenths.'' "Now, Di rector Butler, will you step to the blackboard and work it outr The director hesitated, then said. " Certainly," and advanced a step, but paused and ■ana uu teacner; " la it fair to pat t» (he children eodifficult»problemr "Ob, never tear.'' replied the teacher," they will be equal to it." "Very well," add the director, " go on." The boy began the quae tion: " And flftnnn lirteonthi " " No. so 1" add tbe director," 1 will net be a party to overtaxing^ the children's brain. I have conadentietu eoruplee againet It Ibia forcing ayetem la ruining the ruing generation," end he gave back the chalk, end left the room. " Well, Judge Oaatletown, will you favour ua f" naked the teacher, tendering the chalk. "I would do ao with pleasure," replied the judge," but I have » oaee coming ou In my csurt in a minute ior two," and he left. " Director Middleton, we must tall bock on you," add die teacher, smiling. " Oh," edd the director, "Ipeaa—1 mean {decline lb favour of Director Jefferson.' " Well, that will de," replied the teacher:" Mr. Jefferson, will you favour oar *' I would certainly—that it—of oeurae," replied Mr.. Jef fereon," but—ahem! I think it should he referred to a commit—Why. blem me t Til never oatch It. Good-bye. 8ome other time." And he left. " I know lodge Sonthlleld will not refnae," said the teaehar, aad the judge stepW promptly up to the blackboard, amidst e round of applause from the audience. The acholar again began to read the cum: " Add •fkeao dxteentha—'" A doean handa want upaa the fudge. . made the diet figures. "Well, wbetiattr i teacher. " He*e got the denominator on top of the. line I" cried the boyi inohorua. "Very goodL hoye, jw ere agent! va." eeid the jedge, as he tubbed out the ffeurae, turned red, aadbagaa again, but waa interrupted ny the dam calling-SouS ^NowWafJltb, nnm wetorend danogahuSuKir fb*ib»eJ "^ba' JouyoungrognmJ *ou*ai ae^-aaidthe Judge, Jooart,imda|&btaM; That slot etraotton at alii IVSoneghaUMi— bandied end " ™ *c r trl htllil Ihi yob on the weodetful intdMMy ef yunr mholmt In - dredewdflftyvone mid the lodge, " eed imply en )i to ■ 