NOTES ON SPORT IN ENGLAND. -w ' [From our Special Correspondent. London, July 28. Laycock's absurdly easy defeat of Boyd, after his having been apparently rowed to a standstill in the race for the Sportsman's Challenge Cup by a man generally admitted to be Boyd's inferior, adds another to the peculiarities of professional sculling recently witnessed on English rivers. Laycock was, until recently, regarded here as the model of all that was straightforward and sportsmanlike, and an example of what a professional sculler should be. But either by his fault or his misfortune, the results of his recent rains have assisted to augment the growing feeling of disgust with professional sculling, the interest in which, in spite of the efforts which have been made to revive it, shows signs of being finally stifled by the distrust which now seems to attach to the result of every race. No matter what the reputation of the opponents may be, Laycock defeated Boyd by a dozen lengths, in 17min. 35sec, over a course the length of which is given as 35 miles, though it is not definitely known, and is probably less, as otherwise the time would be very extraordinary in spite of the scullers having wind/ and tide in their favour. Boyd never had a ghost of a chance from start to finish, and was completely rowed out. Pearce forfeited the first deposit of £15 for his second match with Largan, which was to have been rowed from Hammersmith to Put now on the 10th inst., in order to get back in time for the PunohPrizo Regatta. Largan has put an abrupt end to any hopes which may have been entertained of his upholding the credit of professional sculling in England, by leaving the country without coming to any settlement with the (gentlemen who found the money for his race with Pearce, and paid his hotel expenses, Largan'a sense of his obligation being conveyed in an insulting telegram. If professional rowing in England shows symptoms of collapsing through too great laxity, it is a question whether amateur rowing will not suffer through too many restrictions, if the claim of the members of the Amateur Rowing Association to represent England be allowed. They have given rise to much discussion by the following resolution with regard to the Hillsdale crew, who have come here as representing the amateur championship form of America : " That taking into consideration the vagueness of the description of the several members composing the crew of the Hillsdale Rowing Club in the declaration made by them, the committee of the Amateur Rowing Association do not feel justified in recognising them as a crew of amateurs in accordance with the English definition of the term, and consequently they cannot, without further evidence, undertake to advise the acceptance of a challenge from the Hillsdale crew, in the event of such a challenge being made." The following is the declaration deposited by the crew, properly signed and attested :- , " To whom it may concern The is to certify that Clarence W, Torwilliger, late teller in the Second National Bank, Hillsdale, Michigan ; Louis F. Beckhardt, the firm of D. Bookhardt and Sons, grocers and commission merchants; Esbon B. Van Valkenburg, deputy-taskmaster, Hillsdale, Michigan ; Homer F. Mead, of the firm of Mead Brothers and Co., crockery, china, and silverware dealers and John D. Wilson, United States mail agent, composing the crew and substitute of the four-oared crew of the Hillsdale Rowing Club, of Hillsdale, Michigan, U.S.A., are each and every of them members of the Hillsdale Rowing Club aforesaid. " That said Hillsdale Rowing Club is an amateur rowing club, having membership in and belonging to the North-Western Amateur Rowing Assoc. ciation, U.S.A., and also the National Association of Amateur Oarsmen of the United States of America. " That said Hillsdale Rowing Club has been duly established for more than three years but past, and that each and every of the abovenamed members and substitute of said crew have been members of said Hillsdale Rowing Club since its organisation, and that each and every of them are still members thereof. " " That they have not, nor has any one of them, ' ? '' ) ever competed with or against a professional for a prize or otherwise. " That they have not, nor has either of them, over taught, pursued, or assisted in the practice of athletic exercises of any kind, as a means of livelihood. "That they have not, nor has either of them, ever been employed in or about boats for money or Wages. "That they have not, nor hath either of them, ever been by trade or employment for wages a mechanic, artisan, or labourer." Whatever may be charged against this description, vagueness certainly does not appear to be one of its faults, and the resolution of the A.U.A. is, if in nothing else, unhappy in its wording. The opinion of all competent judges hero is that the Hillsdale crew on the form they have shown at practice, would not have the remotest chance of beating our best amateur four; but it is not surprising that the American papers have made the most of the above unfortunate resolution as an exhibition of the white feather, though the real reason is probably to be found in the questionable tactics adopted by some previous crews who came over as the representatives of amateur oarsmanship in America, The Hillsdale | crew have thrown down the gauntlet to the Thames i R C , who won the Senior Fours at the Metropolitan " Regatta, but as the A.R.A. is composed principally of members of the London and Thames rowing clubs, it does not seem probable that it will be taken up. Taking up the tale of Australian cricket at the ' point at which my hat letter left it, the first match to be recorded is that against Leicestershire, which turned out more interesting than had been anticipated. This was due to the fine bowling of Parnham, whose analysis against such a batting team as the Australians is remarkably good. Some ' credit is also due to the county for their fielding, but their batting was very poor, only Afr. 0. F Marriott, Wheeler, and BotH more shaping in any thing like form against Spofforth and Palmer, whose analysis was good in each innings. The Australians won by 74 runs, a result not at all discreditable to the county. The next match was against Northamptonshire, and though the county had the assistance of Alfred Shaw, no interest beyond the local interest was manifested in the match, the result of which was felt to be a foregone conclusion, The next match was regarded as likely to produce a more interesting contest, as Middlesex, though rather weak in bowling, are a strong batting team. However, the condition of the wicket after the heavy rain made it a bowler's' match, and the ''Middlesex batsmen, with the exception of the brothers Skidd, failed to make any stand, and were beaten by eight wickets. Bannerman, Murdoch, and Horan batted well on the- difficult wicket, though they owed something to mistakes in the field. Spofforth and Garrett bowled well, and Palmer, who was put on towards the end of the county's second innings, achieved , rather a remarkable bit of analysis. The Australian team next met a very powerful eleven of the ACCC. and Ground ; indeed it was by eleven that would have required very few alterations to make it thoroughly representative of Eng ' land. The Al C.C. team gained a decided advantage by winning the toss and going in first. Hornby and Grace made a good start, the latter playing very fairly, while Hornby owed a good deal to luck. But the feature of the match, in which no play took place on the second day on account of the rain, was the remarkably fine all- round play of C T. Studd, who, besides playing a faultless innings of 114 on a difficult wicket, took four wickets at a cost of only 26 runs. This is the second innings of over 100 he has scored against the Australians, and the previous week he played an innings of 100 against the Players of England. Horan and Bonnor played well for the Australians, and Gi flin and Spofforth made a plucky stand at the end of the innings, which, however, only amounted to 138, leaving the ALEC. with an advantage of 144 runs, in which position the match had to be left drawn. Then followed a series of three matches with Yorkshire, against which county, it will be remembered, the Australians had already played twice ance at Bradford, and once at Sheffield-the fires having been drawn, and the second won by the colonists. The third match against the county was played at Dewsbury. Bates, owing to a sprain, could not play, but a colt named Peel, who took his place, ' bowled very well, at one time bowling 25 minutes without a run being scored from him. Lookwood ' played a fine innings for Yorkshire, and Banner- man, Murdoch, and Horan batted well for the Australians. The next match was played at Bradford, and owing to the ground having been made ' difficult by rain, the chief honours were carried off, by the bowlers, of whom the most sire coBBful wore Emmett, for Yorkshire, and for the Australians, Garrett, Spofforth, and Boyle, the last-named making a very successful first appearance 1 after the rest necessitated by the injury to his hand at Derby. After an interesting game, the Australians won by 47 runs, the most noteworthy contribution to which was a fine defensive innings by Bannerman. The next and last match with York ' 'shire was played at Middlesbrough, and was chiefly remarkable for the fine form shown by McDonnell, who played an almost faultless first innings of 82, and scored 23 (not out) in the second Murdoch and Massie also batted in their usual form and Garrett bowled very successfully in Yorkshire's first innings. The most noticeable feature in the play of the Yorkshiremen was Ullyett's success with the ball. Yorkshire, though perhaps not absolutely the strongest county, may be taken as fairly representing our best county form, and by their uniform success in the series of matches with this county, your representatives I have proved conclusively proved that none of our county teams can have much hope of beating them, and have intensified the interest in their matches with the Players, and with the All-England Eleven next month. On Wednesday, the 5th July, Bonnor playing for the Australian Bohemians v. Streatham, made 100 out of a total of 135, and carried out his bat. Massie played in the same match, but only scored 4.' On the 24th and 25th July the Australians played'Northumberland, which has no pretensions to rank as a cricketing county at all. It is difficult to understand the reason of such a match being arranged, as it is about as absurd as putting Northumberland against All England. The following table of scores made by W. G Grace in Gentlemen v Players' matches at Lord's < ''and at the Oval, was published in a recent number of Cricket; Lord's Matches. Oval Matches. 1865 3 31 23 - 12s 1892 25 11 . 7 34 1807 18 - 37 . (didnotplay) < 1868 . 131 - - 19 - - 1860 . 2 30 . 43 83 3870 . 100 - 11 6 - 216 1871 50 - 27 16 43 1872 . 77 - 112 . 117 - . - 1873 . 163 - - . 158 - - 1874 . 48 12 . 22 - 14 1875 . 7 - 152 . 32 - 17 1878 . 169 - - . 0-90 1877 18 - 41 29 - - 1878 . 90-2 . 40-03 1870 3 - - . 26 - - , 1880 49 12 . G 3 1881 . 29-2 . 109 - 9 1882 . 4-7 21 - 1 4 not out Runs at Lord's ... 1,498 RunBatOval ... 1,249 Total runs . 2,747 wages. innings 49 14-15 Avg. ea. innings 44 17.18 Average each innings 47 2163. 1 When it is remembered that the above scores were made against the best professional bowling in England, and that, in addition, W. G. Grace's own bowling was very effective in many of the matches, I think that his claim to rank as champion cricketer of the world is fully vindicated. He has not, so far, been in his best form with the but this season, but many people would be willing to back him now to make more than one score of over 100 in first-class matches, before the end of the season. In my last letter I anticipated that the success of Hermit's stock would result in the realisation of sensational prices for his yearlings. That I was not mistaken the following record of the sale of the Blankney yearlings at the Newmarket July Meeting will testify : THE BLANKNET YEARLINGS. i GdB. B f by Earl of Dartroy, dam by Sealskin Coa Air. C. Hibbert 20 B f by Blue Gown Salamanca; April lit .... Mr. T. Cannon 410 B of by Sterling-Hazeldean March 17. . Mr. W. G. Stevens 1,000 Ch of by Hermit-Stockdove ; April 27. . Capt. Machell 810 Ch of by Hermit Patchwork.. Sir G. Chetwynd 1,000 Br of by Hermit Anonyma ; March 31. ' Sir G. Chetwynd 1,050 Ch c by See Saw Blue Sleeves ; April 14 Mr. AF. Dawson 420 Br of by Hennit-Barohottina ; March 30, Air. M. Dawson GIO , B c by Hermit-Gertrude; April 8 . . Lord Zetland 1,250 Ch c by Hermit-Faiaway May 11 . . Mr. P. Price 800 Ch of by Hermit Adelaide March 20. 1 . Sir J. Willoughby 3.600 B c by Hermit-Sister to Adelaide ; March 29 Sir G. Chetwynd 2,000 On of by Hermit, dam by Musket Adelaide's dam ; March 24. Sir G. Chetwynd 800 Another colt by Hermit, for which over 2,000 guineas was bid was not sold, his reserved price being 3,000. The price given for the Adelaide filly is, with the exception of the 100 guineas paid for Maximilian, the highest sum over bid for a yearling. It is to be hoped the filly will turn out better worth her price than Maximilian did. In one of my previous letters I referred to the Jockey Club having raised the weights for the Two Thousand and One Thousand Guineas. The Epsom authorities have now followed suit, and raised the weights for the Derby to Out. for colts, and Sar. 91. for fillies. The weight for the Oaks is left as before. The Grand National Hunt Committee have inaugurated reforms of a more startling character in connection with hurdle racing and steeplechasing. With regard to the former it is proposed that there shall be no hurdle races of less than two miles, nor over less than eight flight s of hurdles, the hurdles to be not less than 3ft. 6in. from the bottom bar to the top bar. With regard to steeplechases it is provided that in all steeplechase courses there shall be a water , jump at least 12ft. wide and 2in. deep. It is also provided that there shall be in Men mile atUut one open ditch 6ft. wide, 12 fences in the first two miles, and at least six fences in each succeeding mile. There are other provisions as to testing steeplechasers, etc, and the regulations; if rigorously' enforced, will effectually bar the weeds and cast offs from the flat, which form a large proportion of the steeplechasers and hurdle racers so. called able to negociate the courses in vogue of late years. The regulations have naturally raised considerable discussion, and many, whose wish is father to the thought, assert that the G.N.R. Committee's sudden access of energy will not be sufficiently sustained to enforce the regulations they have framed. The third of the series of amateur athletic championships for the United Kingdom took place at Stoke on Trent, on the 1st inst. Previously to the formation of the Amateur Athletic Association in 1880, these competitions were always held in London on the Monday before Easter. On the formation of the association the date of the meeting, which had been fixed to meet the convenience of University men, was altered to the summer, and it was decided to hold the competitions alternately in London, the Midlands, and the North of England, so as to son suit the convenience of all athletes in the kingdom, as far as possible, equally. The 10 miles race was run on the 3rd inst., and was won by George, by 7000 da in 54min. 45sec; W. J. Lawrence being second, time 56min. 47sec. and W. W Alexander third in 57min. 2sec. The Bicycle Union Championships for one mile and 23 miles, have been won by F. Moore, of the Waratone B.C.; and the Five Miles Championship by J. S. Whatton, Cambridge University. Moore did not compete in the last-named race, for which the ex-champion the Hon. Ion Keith Falconer, was second. The Half-mile Amateur Swimming Championship has been won by D. Ainsworth, Serpentine S.O in 15min. 7sec. Ainsworth was the holder, having won the title and challenge cup last year. The Lawn Tennis Championship, at Wimbledon, has been won by W. Renshaw, the holder, beating his brother, E. Renshaw,' the winner of the All comers' Prize. The match was won by three sets to two. Mr. H. L. Cox is, an ex-amateur Bicycle Champion, yesterday (July 27) rode 20 miles within the hour, on the Crystal Palace track. In 1830 he did the distance in lb. 38 3-5sec. ' The billiard match between Cook and Roberts, in which the latter conceded 750 points In 5,000 for £1,000, was productive of some of the finest play ever witnessed. Cook was in very different form to that which he displayed in the winter, when Roberts gave him 500 to the same number and lost him easily. On the first evening Cook made breaks of 128, 175, and 412, and reached 2,167 to Roberts 1,951. Rohorta'beat break had been a very fine one of 243. On the second evening the receiver of points made breaks of 138, 104, 270, and '149, the lost Including 25 consecutive throw-back spot strokes. Roberts'! best break for some time was 173, but when Cook had reached 3,094 to 1,610 Roberts made the break of the match, a splendidly-played 653, and his very next break in which he made 129 consecutive spot strokes, amounted to 395, so that in two consecutive breaks he scored no less than 1,078 points, the break of 658 being the highest ever made in a match for stakes. Shortly after these breaks he made another of 241 and brought his game to 2,801, against Cook's 3,036. After this, however, Cook made the break of 149 above referred to, and at the close of the evening's play the game was Cook 3,338, Roberts 2,927. On the final evening Cook had the best of the play from the beginning, and, playing with great steadiness and determination, eventually won by 98 points. His best breaks were 109, 207, 177, and an unfinished break of 128. Roberts made some brilliant efforts, including breaks of 124 and 127 consecutively, 109, and 198, besides a beautiful all-round break, including a succession of 15 nursery cannons. The Prince of Wales was present on the two last evenings, and congratulated Cook personally on his success. 