HOW I BECAME A MURDERER. "Thou shalt do no murder." Isuppose that the response which sane men and women make in church to the sixth com mandment is about the emptiest and most formal prayer of which they are ever guilty. Ask yourself, reader, if you have the faintest ghost of a fancy in you that, under any conceivable or imaginable com bination of impossible circumstances, you could ever feel called upon to pray with meaning to be delivered from the tempta tion to murder in cold blood, a fellow-man or fellow-woman 1 You have read history, and you read the newspapers, and you know that murders are not uncommon things. But, nevertheless, you think of them as belonging to an outside world, with which you-otherwise than as a just possible victim-cannot possibly have any sort of concern. You would as soon think of praying to be delivered from the sin of witchcraft as from the sin of murder. They are alike impossibilities to you. Of course I assume you to be of the type of the average reader-sane, but for a few harmless and probibly wholesome crot chets ; educated in the ideas and feelings of your time and country, and in sympathy with them ; respectable and prudent in all weightier matters; and as comfortable within and without, as the majority of your neighbours. If I were to toll you that you are a potential murderer, you would not even be angry with me-you would simply smile at such an absolutely preposterous notion. And so, in the face of such an accusation, should I have smiled-once upon a time. Judge for yourself if I should not have had the right to smile. My name, by the the way, is Alfred Lambourn; and I con sider my name as of some consequence to my argument because I happen to be one of a family whichll can carry back its his tory for an exceptional number of genera. tions, and without being able to name a single member of it who was not per. fectly respectable and perfectly sane-not taking into account a certain hereditary tendency to let ourselves be imposed upon and our money to slip unaccount ably through our fingers in the most con tented manner. I should say that our family characteristies were steadiness, prudence, and plain common sense, com bined, with a somewhat inconsistent in difference to becoming higher or richer than we find ourselves at starting. But of course we have our distinguishing marks among ourselves. I am a solicitor; and I cannot at this moment call to mind a case of a man's being murdered, at least in the flesh, by a solicitor, I live quietly, and in harmony with all my tastes and inclina tions, in a little place close to the sea, and am, as I have always been, particularly strong and healthy, and fond of using my limbs without entirely neglecting my brain. I have a few cupboards in my house, but have never had the ghost of a skeleton in one of them. I have no turn for dissipation, and am quite as well off as I want to be. In spite of my profession I am, and have always boon, absolutely without an enemy, which may be partly accounted for by the fact that I have ex ceedingly few neighbours and scarcely any clients, my practice consisting in a semi legal semi-agricultural stewardship to the beat and dearest friend I ever had in the world-friends, I should say ; for his wife. is as dear to me as if she were my own sister, and his children as if they wore my own. Whom should I over have been tempted to Murder, and why 1 Put the same question to yourself of yourself-and answer it if you can. My friend was Sir Reginald Gorvaso of course you must allow just as much accuracy to my proper names as you please. He had one of the largest estates in Foamshire, and lived mostly at St. Moor's0 a splendid place near Spendrith, which is on the wildest and rockiest part of that grand and magnificent coast, as all the world knows. My description of nim is short-he was, literally, the best ant finest follow, in the whole world. Wore Lady Gorvase writing this story, I have no doubt she would say a great deal more of him ; mine must be a man's praise of a man. He had not a single fault that I could over discover, and yet was as far from being a prig as the South is from the North Polo. He was nearly my match which is saying something-in point of chest and biceps, and infininitely more than mine, or most men's, in brains; and his heart was larger still. I sometimes used to think it his single misfortune that he was so rich and so happy and so full of a sense of all the duties that his birthright had thrown upon him. Had fortune left him the struggling barrister that he was when I first met him in London, he would have made himself a great man, instead of merely growing into something much greater. For he had by no moans been born to a baronetcy and the ownership of St. Moor's. He unexpectedly inherited it from a cousin of about his own ago, and apparently as strong and as healthy as himself, who had boon struck down by death when hardly thirty years old. It was a change to turn most men's brains, and to send half of them to the devil. Sir Reginald took his wealth and his position with less elation than he had taken his first brief, went abroad for a while, and then came back to settle down for good at St. Moor's. The first thing he did which was in an hour or two-was to be come first favourite of the whole country, and that among his poorer, oven more than among his richer, neighbours. The next was to send for me, then managing clerk to a London firm, to be his friend and counsellor. The next was to marry, as wisely as man over married in this world. He had fallen over head and oars in love with the beoat girl in all England and she with him. Before long they had a fainily of two boys and two girls, and were fortunate in them all. The eldest was called Reginald, of courao, being a first-born Georvaso. The next was called Marion, after her mother. Then came my own god-son, Alfrod; and then Nora. Their names have nothing to do with the matter, but it is pleasant for myself to write them. It is hardly more to the purposo than to say that I too was on the eve of marriagoe after a long and weary waiting; but this, too, I like to toll be cause this also was due to the position in which Sir Reginald had placed me. What didInotowoto him? Past,preosent,future: everything that I like to remember, all miy happineos now and to come. The one trouble e over gave me was the feeooling that I could do so little for one who had done so muechl for me. Anybody could have looked after his affairs as well as I, I was never likely to be so much to him as the Mouse was to tlhe Lion. In fact, the hardoest work I over did for him was all pleasure and play; except that he made me feeool its interest anid im portance by thlrowing himself so heartily snto all that concerned the smallest cot tager or flhorman with wihom he ihad to do. He looked upon lifo na a trust not moroely to be fulilled but enjoyed, and his wife agreed with him. I hardly know whlich we learned to like beat-our tasks or our pleasures. That he liked the tasks best, I am sure. Anid I am sure, too, that if Sir Reginald Gervase, even in this nineteenth century, had taken it into his head to declare war against the Queen, there is not a man within ten miles of Spendrith who would not have turned rebel. For two months overy summer St. lMoor's was loeft empty while the master and mistress were in town ; for they were by no means people who looked upon rusting and falling out of the great world's stream as one of the duties of those who have to do their boat with the course of a comparatively small one. Though I missed them, I approved of their absence, for I could not get rid of my ambition for my friend; it would be something if, as mem ber for Foamshire, he could have the chance of doing for England some little of what he was doing for one of her re moter corners. One warm afternoon, while they wore away in town, I was on gaged alone in my office with some drain age plans, half at work upon them, and half thinking about what I could do, in the face of an approaching election, to got Sir Reginald Gervaeso to stand for Foam shire. It was too hot to work very doe sporatoly after an early dinner; and I am afraid I must confess that the rich blue of the sky without, the soft wind that scarcely took the trouble to carry the weight of its own scent through the window, the caw of the rooks on their way home, and the regular heave and rush of the sea against the wall of rocks close by, united to set me dreaming of anything but of drains. I was myself in love, remember, and Venus came from the sea on much such an afternoon. I had a clerk in the outer office, who was also in love, and whom I strongly suspect of having boon sleeping too. Our office was cortainly not conducted on the ordinary principles of hurry and open eyes-a client from the outside world did not call once a quarter, and was not parti cularly welcome when he camne. At any rate, Tom Brooks looked as if he were still dreaming when he stumbled into my own room and startled me with, ' A strange lady, sir ; and to see yoel I' It is hard to wake up all at once. For a moment I almost took for granted that it could be nobody but my Lottie, who had managed to fly through the window all the way from Nowcastlo-upon-Tyno, at the other and of the kingdom; what other lady, a strangcrito Tom Brooks, could want to see mel But a moment more told me the absurdity of such a fancy; so I stretched myself, rubbed my eyes, and said sharply, ' Then wake up, and show her in.' She came in, with a silky rustle ; and I had certainly never seen liher before. She Lottio, indeed I I never can guess a woman's age, so I must oontentmysolf with saying that my visitor could not possibly have boon more than thirty-six or loss than twenty years old. She was of mode rate height and graceful figure, and was dressed much more fasionably than we were used to round Spendrith,-in a brown silk with bows behind and down the sides, a tight- fitting jacket and a sort of nondescript cross between a hat and a bonnet, front under which escaped a mass of fair brown hair--behind, in thick waves that flowed down to her waist, and, in front, a fringe falling down to her eye brows. Her face was a pretty one on the whole, clear complexioned, fair, and brightly coloured ; but her mouth was at the same time too small amd too full, her nose too long, and her dark eyes a very grant deal too large, as well as boing too closely sot together. Still thle general effect was decidedly good, and had to be called pretty, whatever else it might be called, and however much it differed from my own two standards of beauty,-Lottio Vane and Lady Gervaso. My visitor looked grave and sad by nature, and as if she had a story, and that an interesting one. I showed her a seat, and she sat down. " You are Mr Lambourn : and you are a lawyer V" she asked, in a voice that made her prettiness suddenly change into something more. It was a clear liquid voice, with some sort of special accent in it, and a kind of singing quality abouther first words. " My name is Lambourn, and I am a solicitor. You call on business I suppose 1 Whom have I the honour-" She opened a mother-of-pearl case and handed me a card,-" Adriene Lavalle." " I come to ask your advice," said she. The name looked French ; and yet, though she did not speak quite like an English woman, her accent was by no means dis tinctly that of a foreigner. Who could she be, that she came for legal advice to Spondrithl It is true that ii anybody does happen to be suddenly in want of legal advice at Spendrith, he is bound to come to me. I bowed and waited and she wont on. "I am told that you are able and honest," she said, "and therefore I come to you. You asked my name, I gave you my card. It is one of my namoes, and the name by which I am known: I have one more. My birth name is Ray-Juliet Ray. Did you ever hear the name before 1" "Never in my life," said I. "Then, before I toll you more, may I ask you if you are prepared to undertake, as a lawyer and as a gentleman, the cause of o woman against the most cruel wrong that ever was done by a man ? A cause that will give you honour and glory throughout the land 1" "Never mind the honour and glory," said I. "The question is, whether I could find the time and spare the pains. Of course I shall be glad to help to get justice done, just for the sake of the thing, lawyer though I am. But I must hear the story first-" "You shall hear it ; and you shall hoar why I come to Spendrith for a lawyer. I did not suppose you would know the name of Juliet Ray. But I had my reason for asking, all tlo same. I was born il Lon don. I had a mother, Mr Lambourn, but no other relation in the wvorld. My mother was on the stage. I cannot tell you all, for I do not know ; but we were in Paris when my mother died, and when I was seventeen years old: without the means to live, but with the need to live, you understand. Perhaps you will find it hard to believe, but I was as innocent then as a young girl can be." I lot silence imply assent; but I was certainly boginning to wake up, and to call my professional wits together. "It was lin Paris that I mot a young man-if I must call him so --who made love to me. I took him for a man of honour. He sworo, Mr Lambourn, a mil liln times to make me his wife, in tile aight of Heaven and ini the siglht of mant. In the sight of Heaonven he did make mi his wifo; and wheon we were soon after in London, he married me in church, as ihe should have done before. He is a scoundrol I" " But if he married you at any time, hie did his best to right you, it seems to me. WVoll 1" "I must not call him 'scoundrel'? Walt; see what yoL will call him, if you are a man I We went abroad again-to Paris, to Vienna, to twenty placcs-and then one day he left me, never to return." "He deserted you You did not hear from himn againI " From him I No; never one word I Of him 1 No ; not for years I He left me to live as best I could : without means, but with all the need, once more. Perhaps you will find it hard to believe that I was no more as innocent a fool as at seventeeoon." Again I let assent be implied in silenceo; so much I did not find it hard to believe. " But I hoar of him at last, and he is marrried again." "You mean that you wish your hus band to be prosecuted for bigamy 7" "No, Mr Lambourn. I mean that I will have my rights, and that I will have my revenge I That is what I mean i" And I could see, beyond any question, that it was what she did mean. If her story was true, she had certainly been ill. used; but all the same, I wished she had not come to me. I felt that, from the be. ginning, I had not liked Mias, or Mrs, Lavalle. "I don't care about taking criminal matters," I said rather coldly. "There are plenty of solicitors in the county. And if you want-since you speak of your rights-to make any sort of profitable compronise, I must decline your case on any terms. However, as you come for present advice, I suppose you can prove your marriage 1" "I can prove itas surely as thatI live 1" said she, ' I have my lines. Will that do?" "Certainly they will do. You will have to prove the second marriage too-" "HIe won't deny that," said she with a smile. "And he won't deny that I am I; and if he does, he can't deny that I was alive when his crime was committed: and if he does there are scores and score who will know. You ask me why I come to Spendrith It is to make sure-to have him under my hand. I have not found him out and tracked him down to let him go again. And I come to you because you are here ; because you can watch for me. When I have my rights, you will have yours too, never fear." So she had set down my reluctance to undertake her case to a fear of not being sufniciently well paid 7 If I had not much liked her before, I liked her excoedingly little now. And who at Spendrith could possibly have been guilty of bigamy, and of desiring a wife abroad1 I knew every living creature in the place-there was not one whom I could connect in the wildest fancy with Mrs Lavallo. " Who is that man you say is your hus band 1" asked I. I suppose she thought that her last words had refreshed my interest in her. "The scoundrel who is my husband I" said she. "There I" A little theatrically she laid a document before tme. It was a perfectly good and authentic copy of a register of a marriage solemnniseod at a London church between Juliot Ray, spinster, and-Reginald Gor vase I My eyes seeomed to darken and swim. What could it mean As sh eat there, triumphant in her coming vengeance or in her greed, I thought and thought; and the more I thought, the more clear the meaning grow. Some months before the date of the marriage my friend had boon in Paris, I know. Just before the samoe date he Ihad returned to town. And then there was his long subsequent absence abroad for nearly a wholo year. But still was Reginald Gorvase, who held duty to be oven above honour-if such a thing can bo-a lnan who, under any circum stances would, when heo found himself suddenly rich and in a high position be fore the world, rid himself of any woman -whether his wife or not, and even if lie had learned to hate and scorn her-by leaving her to starvoe No doubt slhomusº have boon false to hiot first. But even so, the pride of my own life had gone ; every illusion I had darkened at such a shadow as this mlust be. Perhaps he had thought her dead I But, no, that could not be, unless he had willed very hard indeed to think her so. "Leave me this paper," said I. "Call on me again to-morrow at 10 ; I will think over what you have told me. Excuse me now." "You will undertake the case, thetn " "I will try to do whatever is for the beet, Miss Lavalle." "Who is Miss Lavallo 7" asked she, as she left nme. "I am Lady Gervaso." (To be continued.) 