Political Froth. BY AN ABSTAINER. MONDAY is again with us, and away go the wheels of the political mill, weaving bills to worry us, measures to protect us, and nice little political sugar- plums to sweeten us withal. With sprightly step I enter the Parlia mentary buildings, but it is with a depressed spirit that I tackle the corkscrew staircase. What fiend in human form designed that instrument of torture, that treadmill for un offending pressmen, which an inhuman Speaker alloM's to exist ? What reck the comfortably accommodated Ministers, Speaker, and officers of t'.ic Assembly and Council if poor devils have to toil wearily day after day and night after night up and down the stony coil? Thinking of this on Saturday last, I was tempted to ask Joseph Cook whether, after death, the ghosts of naughty newspaper men and members of Parliament would not be con demned to trotting up and down the corkscrew stairs, but, consulting the spirit of Sweden borg, he told me that newspaper men were always made first rank harpists, and that mem bers of Parliament invariably became near side polcrs in cedar-getters' bullock teams. This however, is not business. Not that business is particularly lively or inviting, but to it we must come in the ordinary course of Frothy events. His Excellency had sent down the Warrego Lpnd Grant B/ulway Bill, and the Premier, looking' an unconcerned as a young father at the christening of his first-born, was just moving that the matter bo considered on the morrow as he discerned my august presence in the gallery. I blandly smiled him en couragement, and he managed to carry the formal motion without any particular ebullition of sentiment. How serious and quiet hon. members looked; they knew that there was a bombshell thrown among them the bursting of which was only a question of time. Death and destruction would be caused by that harmless looking little message from His Excellency either to one party or the othor; but none seemed as though on the eye of a great struggle for existence — political existence perhaps; but still a life to which hon. members cling with all the tenacity of a —a —well, a Minister hanging on to his pay. The imper turbable gravity of Macfarlane was not dis turbed; Macrossan and Pope Cooper wore each his accustomed look, and the volatile Foote even displayed no particular uneasiness. What an exhibition of human fortitude; surely the men I had begun to look upon as being a trifle excitable must have had working in them some of that old leaven which Gordon speaks of in some of his stirring lines— I remember the laugh that all the while On his quiet features played; So he rode to death, with that caroless smile, In the van of the Light Brigade. Surely when ordinary men draw chances for the drugged cup both must feel some tremor of excitement ; but our legislators did not show any if they felt it. This was rather dis appointing to many, but I consoled myself with the reflection- He who must be slain—or slay, Soon strikes with vengeful force. This little matter dealt with and some formal and slow business put through, we were brought on to the Port Dues Revision Bill in committee. And a dry time it was ; not even a ripple of anger, merriment, or wit to mark the progress of the various clauses. I felt much inclined to re-echo the sentiment which came from the ladies' gallery a few evenings before, when a particularly heavy lot of good solid work had been put through—" What is the use of the Assembly if the members only go on doing a dry lot of business ? What do we care about clauses. Bubclauses, and amendments?" It does seem hard that one cannot find any thing to skim from an afternoon's business in the House: it is a sign of prosiness somewhere. Hon. members shall have the benefit of the doubt. The Divisional Boards Bill was a trifle better: a ray of sunshine may be found even in the reflection that the men who usually are not prominent in debate will have something to say. The only thing whioh was at all to be regretted was that each man couldn't have a little bill specially provided to meet his particular views. lam sure it was wanted, and Macrossan, who objected to too much of a good thing, was looked upon as a very decided edition of Killjoy by those whose aspirations were crushed. There was a warm debate on the question whether the representative of an absentee should not be allowed to be a member of a board. My many readers- will understand the principle involved when I tell them it Closely resembled making love by proxy—a practice which has been found in all ages to be fraught with considerable danger. Then there was an attempt made to remove the disabilities of publicans, and allow them to be members of boards. Hon. gentlemen did a little quiet electioneering, particularly the Premier, who has made his seat for Bundabcrg perfectly safe in the event of an appeal to the country. M'Lean and Macfarlano had a little to say teetotally, and the House narrowly escaped stultifying itself on a division. Ferguson also wanted badly to improve the bill, and did so; looked happy and stood by to give the benefit of practical experience. There was a good deal said on the question of voting, Bailey in forming the House that in an election two men who were candidates sent in similar ballot papers; those of one were rejected as informal, out of the other, accepted merely because the mystic letters J.P. were attached to the candi date's name. Oh, Bailey! Bailey! Bailey! Oh, Yale ! Vale! Vale! What a condition of happy blissful innocence must overspread the respected Opposition whip. It is really too good a joke altogether; a member of Parlia ment, and I wot me a J.P. himself, not to know that the letters are a talisman which guide one wheresoe'er he will. What on earth would be the use of being a J.P. if there were no privileges attached to the title ? Why, it is the greatest honour on the globe— after being a K.C.M.G., which George Thorn says is the highest^-to be a justice of the peace. Apropos of the distinction and its privileges there was a man in Cooktown not long ago who got too much " Comet" on board over night; tried, and sentenced himself at the police court next morning to pay a fine of ss. And yet Bailey doesn't know all the privileges of J.P.-ship. However, it was drawing near 11 o'clock when the statement was made and certain allowances must be made. The House rose shortly afterwards, and the hooting of the night owl or the snoring of a somnolent Go vernment member warn me that it grows late. Away from the busy scene, and may soft Cynthia, the comet, and all the small Cynthiaa keep kindly watch over the legislators until I am at them again. " Have at ye all" is the refrain which flows mellifluously sweet from ray quill as I ait down to tell of Tuesday's froth. How like ye the motto ? Well, lam assured ; for Joseph Cook's onslaught on infidels and heretics has suggested it. Ofcourse the day is for a part devoted to the colonial lords. As soon as four o'clock has gone the President, groaning under the weight of responsibility the extra £200 a-year lias imposed upon him, glides gracefully to the chair. I think the word glide is very appro priate. We never hear of a young and interest ing lady, or indeed any of the sex for tho matter of that, running, waltzing, frisking, jumping, hopping, or even walking into a room. They invariably glide. The term suggests a grace ful movement, such as that interesting produc tion which people studiously ponder over when they wish to enter " society, " The Ballroom Guide," terms the "poetry of motion." I am sure Sir Arthur Palmer is a most graceful man; at least I have heard that he is, and therefore I presume he glides. At first sight this dissertation may appear in congruous ; but I can assure everyone who reads it that it is bond jide—froth. Well, we have the President in the chair anyhow, and now we may introduce Thynne, who introduces a Pharmacy Bill from the other House. This is a measure destined for the relief of those elderly females of the Sairey Gamp persuasion, who are supposed to invariably warble some Miltonian linos which, as ray memory Bervea rao, run— Oh, cramp and spasm, wo ofton has 'cm; Nouralgy too and tie. And rhoumatix in stylo, but wo rubs in ilo, And a hoop-a-del-do-dic. Morehead claims credit for the composition of this poetry; but he hasn't lived at Breakfast Creek long enough to be a bard, ho I shall attach them to the next greatest man, a person named Milton, who some years ago was a sort of writing fellow. The worthy M.L.C. referred to introduced the bill to relieve the poor squatters, and made a speech of a most touch ing character. He even went so far as to say that " abuses—petty malice, spite, and the desire to injure one's neighbour," existed in Christian communities. Joseph Cook says this sort of thing isouly in infidel communities, and I am sure one of the two must be in error. Howover, as a lamb who doubtless has been fleeced, the palm for veracity must be accordod our P.M.G. Gregory made a very singular state ment. Ho said that the appraisement system of valuing runs was not only valuable to the lessee, but also to the revenue of the country. This appears soraowhat contradictory. The appraisement plan must mako the rentals higher or lower on the general run of stations than at present; if lower the State suffers; if higher the lessee. The sitting occupied thirty five minutes, and considering the heavy labour imposed during it, the P.M.G. said that on the following day he would move for a six days adjournment. The Assembly business on Tues day was principally in committee on Divisional Boards. The clauses providing for imposing rates on improvements woro very much criti cised. According to Footc the Ministerial chant in reference to tho poor selector was :— We levy awful rates upon hiß chimney- stack and ver-an-do, His stable, pig-house, cow-shed, barn, the stock yard fonco and cctero. There arc 197 lines more, but I shall hold them over for another occasion. After this flow of sentiment the' House thought it was time to do something, and so they plodded along, wading through the intricacies of the various clauses. The debate M ras heavy and dreary on the whole, and was only enlivened by the occasional flashes of silence on the parts of Foote and Isarabert. O'Sullivan haa a notice on the business paper wanting to know whether the comet, Joseph Cook, or any of the great luminaries, had anything to do with the Garden Palace fire. He didn't put it, however, and explained, as his reason, that he would reserve all tho fire of his cloquenco until Monday next. On Wednesday Brookes had a good stamp round. He pranced before the Premier and Perkins like an Angora goat "scotching" • snake, and in a state of great excitement said he was going to speak the truth, " impugn it whoso lists." No one listed; in fact I think Price is about the only roan in tho House who is ever troubled with a list, or troubles anyone else with one. I always liko to see Brookes go for the Premier and Perkins. He glares from one to the other during his speech, and tho dead silence which follows his sublime perorations gives him an opportunity of striking a kind of heroic attitude which suggests a sort of " Don't you forget it" admonition. He is grand in his rage ; sublimely grand; in fact, I don't think I have over seen anything so truly imposing; it is heaps better than a Punch and Judy show, and very little inferior to the Chinese gods in a joss house. On Thursday private members again looked happy, and at the usual hour were ready, " eager for the fray." Griffith complained that the Govern ment were electioneering too much on Her berton, and wanted to know whether the won derful tinfield was in the Cook or Townsville electorate, or whether it was like Mahomet's coffin, " hovering' twixt the two." Macrossan gave him but little consolation, and Perkins, with his usual delicacy, said he had no doubt Samuel's informant was a " seedy person." Fred. Cooper seemed shocked at the idea of Herberton being removed from his beloved dis trict of Cook. How rudely the air castles he has been building up were dispelled, and with what horror he learned that his famous speeches concerning the tip-top field were likely to bring forth no fruit. After the subject was pretty well dragged to pieces, Wold-Blundell's motion for the reduction of duty on colonial wine was in troduced. The principal argument in favour of allowing Southern wine to come in was that it took a good deal of the beverage to put an ordinary Queenslandcr under the table. The orthodox Bananaman when he goes in for liquoring, however, does not care for the quan tity he absorbs. Quick and effective is the kind he looks for, and nothing from kcrosine to painkiller goes amiss with him. Let Germans go for their gallons of lager beer, and Frenchmen for their gallons of wine; but give a Queenslandcr some Mackay fighting rum, and he can thoroughly satisfy himself on a bottle of it. One of the great features in the debate was a speech from Isambcrt, which, so far as could be observed, was to get admittance for a twad dling pamphlet he had written, in the columns of " Hansard." O'Sullivan quoted poetry at him, and did other dreadful things, which were fully deserved. The festive Isambcrt is becoming a perfect nuisance in tho House. He lacks the modesty which should characterise a young member, 'and never allows an oppor tunity of airing his eloquence to go past. That Now Farm Debating Class has a great deal to answer for. I think he and Footc arc the fussicstand longest-winded men in the Assembly. What a pity Ourul>i Boy doos'nt sond for them. Well, we can't all be men of genius, ami I, of eourni-, pity them. A still small voice; within me warns me that it is time to get home ; I have promised to sit up all night-with some friends and sec tho comet, and as there arc one or two members of Parliament, amon^ them, I fear that my kindly eye is required to keep watch over the hop beer and buns. Till Mon day, then, ye scenes of dazzling light and dis course bright, I bid a fond adieu ! The consignment of Australian frozen mutton per Orient has, by report of Sun Fran cisco Hies, all been dispensed of. For the best portion GAd. per lb. has been realised in open market, in the ordinary wholesale way of busi ness. An importation of frozen beef and mutton per Sorrento, from Sydney, lias re cently been made by the London and Provincial Meat Company. It consisted of !».*>G quarters beef, and 4160 carcases mutton. It was not all lauded in good order, some of the )>eef being particularly defective in point of condition; but sales have been made at varying rates for the sound mutton up to 7Jd. per lb. by the carcass retail. The price of the beef by the quarter has not been reported. 