NEWS OF THE DAY. Twenty thousand troops, we are told in one of our London messages this morning, are ready to sail for Egypt, and could be at once despatched, if necessary ; and the message reiterates what we were told a few days ago, that unusual activity prevails in the English arsenals and dockyards. Our messages are not very explicit, although perhaps this is no fault of our correspondents. It would be interesting, for instance, to know what 20,000 troops, in addition to the ironclads find their respective complements of men already in Egyptian waters, are to embark for—whether the British Government expect, should war break out, simply to contest matters with Egypt, or whether they consider there is a probability of one or more of the Europoan Powers engaging in the struggle, and if so, which of them. Probably those are questions which even the English Govern- ment itself could not answer at present. Affairs are in a very critical state, and may drift into a still worse condition. Each Power—minus Turkey —represented at the Conference has formally pro- tested that it does not wish to aggrandise itself over Egypt at the expense of another Power ; but each is so terribly jealous of the other that neither one nor the other can of its own volition interfere for the suppression of rebellion and the restoration of good government in Egypt. France, whose hesitancy all along is said to have hampered Groat Britain, is showing unwonted military activity—it is presumed, on account of the Egyptian difficulty. The Australian Eleven commenced a match on Monday at Chichester, against a united eleven of the South of England, and were favoured with fine weather and a large attendance. The Australians were fortunate enough to win the toss and made a magnificent stand, scoring 250 runs with the loss of only three wickets. Massie played a splendid innings for 60, and when the stumps were drawn, Horan—who was in splendid form—was not out with 56. Ban- nerman also obtained double figures, and as Murdoch, Gillen, and other crack batsmen have yet to be disposed of, the scoring is likely to be extremely heavy. The Congregational body in Australia will learn with regret, though perhaps with little surprise, of the death of the Rev. Thomas Jones, which is mentioned in our cable news this morning. The deceased gentleman was a pastor of great oratorical gifts, his earnest, energetic delivery, simplicity of diction, and happiness of metaphor having earned him the title of the " poet preacher." When the Rev. A. M. Hender- son, of the Collins-street Congregational Church, Mel- bourne, died in Canada, the duty of securing a successor of equal intellectual calibre was a matter of anxiety and difficulty, and the choice of the con- gregation ultimately fell upon the Rev. Thomas Jones, then stationed at Swansea, in Wales, who, however, only consented to accept the colonial pastorate for two years. Mr. Jones fulfilled his undertaking, and took a farewell of Melbourne some eighteen months or two years ago, having endeared himself to all with whom he had come in contact, his friendship being highly prized by the clergy and leading laymen of most other denomina- tions. The Rev. Mr. Jones was of an advanced age, and one reason of his accepting a temporary charge at the antipodes was understood to be that he might re- cruit his failing state of health. The latest date of the London mails via Brindisi, brought by the Orient Company's new steamship Austral, is May 26, seven days later than the date of the mails by the P. and O. Company's steamship Sutlej, which will be delivered in Sydney this morning. If the two days detention at Aden be deducted from the Austral's voyage, it will be seen that she has delivered English mails in Melbourne in 20 days, four days less time than was occupied in the transmission ot the mails by the Liguria, belonging to the same company, and which were delivered last month. The Austral's mails for Sydney should reach here this morning, overland from Melbourne, and be delivered simultaneously with the mails brought by the Sutlej. We are informed that his excellency the Governor will be at the opening; of the extension of the South- western railway to Hay on July 4, and that he will be accompanied by Sir John Rohtrtson, Mr. Lackey, Mr. Wisdom, and Mr. F. B. Suttor. The party will leave the Redfern station at 10 o'clock on Sunday night, and will arrive at Groongal ahout noon on the following day. At this place they will be the guests of Mr. Mair. The time of departure from Groongal for Hay will be so regulated as to fall in with the arrangements of the demonstration committee. The extension of the Great Northern Railway to Uralla will take place we learn, on Tuesday next, July 4, as originally proposed, but in accordance with the wishes of the people of Boggabri, tho extension of the North-western line to that place will be postponed until July 11. The commission appointed by the Government to inquire into the condition of the missions to the aborigines, consisting of the Hon. P. G. King and Mr. Edmund Fosbery, Inspector-General of Police, will start on their journey to inspect the stations at Warangesda and Maiogs about the end of the present week. The Electric Telegraph Department, we learn, are about to connect St. Peters, Cook's River, and Marrick- ville by electric wire. It is proposed to establish a station at Marrickville, near the Public school, and it will most probably be opened in the course of a week or so. A return prepared to the order of the South Aus- tralian Legislative Assembly shows that the amount of money received by the Government of that colony for silt at Hawker's Creek, from January 1st to May 31st of this year, was £782 14s., for 21,378 loads, the price charged being 6d. and 1s. per load. The bulk was bought by the Largs Bay Company, the rest by muni- cipal bodies. In the Supreme Court yesterday, the trial of Rau v. Doherty and another, in the Banco Court, for trespass to the plaintiffs selection, was resumed and concluded ; the jury found for the plainttif, damages £150. The hearing of the ejectment action of Thorn v. Emanuel, in the Jury Court, was also concluded ; the jury found for the plaintiff. In the Banco Court, the tres- pass action of Thompson v. Peters was commenced, and had not concluded when the Court rose. His Honor the Primary Judge sat in Chambers yesterday to settle, the minutes in the suit of Green- wood v. Rumpf. In view of tho fact that the Court had undertaken tho administration of the estate of the late Mr, Greenwood and the special circumstances of the case, his Honor made liberal orders as to costs in the various proceedings and made them chargeable against the estate. The Darling Harbour resumption case, Lucas v. Minister for Works, was continued before Sir James Martin yesterday. The evidence for the plaintiff was closed, and that for the defendant commenced. The principal witness put in the box yesterday was Mr. Mills, the Government valuator. His evidence with regard to the value of the land, and the idea of using it as a site for wool stores, differs very materially from that given by the plaintiff and his witnesses, and was an interesting feature in the day's proceedings. During the afternoon Mr. Salomons stated that he had received a letter from the Hon. James Watson, whose name had been mentioned as that of one of the trustees of the National Park, denying that he was a trustee. There was a large attendance of the public in court all the day. With regard to the family named Peak, who were stricken down with typhoid fever at Peakhurst, near George's River, we leam that the Colonial Secretary has received a further report from Dr. Evans, who states that the lad Walter Peak still maintains a very high temperature ; but there are no symptoms of typhoid fever at prcsent. The woman Emma Peak is somewhat worse, her temperature having risen to 104 degrees, in spite of every effort to reduce it. The remainder of the family are progressing favourably, their present condition giving no cause of alarm whatever. In consequence of the recent epidemic of typhoid fever, the Government have been induced to ascertain what has been tho number of cases in the city and suburbs, respectively, between the 1st of January last and the 31st May. The return shows that there have been 80 cases in the city and 39 in the suburbs, making 110 cases in all. A convocation meeting of St. John's College was held yesterday afternoon, presided over by the Very Rev. A. W. Gillett, D.D., Rector of the College. The meeting was held for the purpose of filling up the vacancies in the fellows. The following were re- elected :—Sir P. A. Jennings, K.C.M.G. ; Mr. W. A. Duncan, C.M.G. ; Mr. E. G. Ellis, and the Rev. C. M'Carthy. Mr. M. E. Maher, B. A., waa elected to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Mr. J. F., Dillon, M.A. A Meeting of those interested in the exploration survey of Palestine assembled in the new Temperance Hall yesterday afternoon. There were about 60 per- sons present, the Very Rev. the Dean of Sydney occupying the chair. Dr. Steel delivered a very in- teresting address on the subject of the work done by the survey party, and appealed to those present for their sympathy in aiding a work so important in con- nection with the history contained in the Bible. A large map of Western Palestine, the survey of which has been completed, was displayed and explained by the lecturer, and also a number of views. A meeting of the committee of the Juvenile Indus- trial Exhibition to be held in November next, was held on Monday afternoon, Mr. J. Davies, C.M.G., in the chair, and there were also present. Captain Broom- field, Messrs. Franks, J, P. Walker, II. P. Palser, and the secretary. The schedule of prizes was submitted and approved of, and a number-of applications for space were received, There was also a large quantity of cor- respondence, the tenor of which seemed to show that there is every probability of the exhibition being a success. It was resolved that exhibitors in section H, non-competitive, should be charged a moderate rental for space. Manufacturers and others, who desire to show specialities, can do so, but when sales are made there can be no delivery of goods until the close of the Exhibition. No retail sales of any description will be allowed. The question of flag decorations was con- sidered, and left in the hands of Messrs. Broomfield and Selfe to prepare and order what was necessary. A letter from the Minister for Public Works was read, con- senting to carry all exhibits free on the railways. The members of the German Club met in great force on Saturday last, to wish good-bye to Mr. W. C. W. Bartels, one of the best known German gentlemen in Sydney. Mr. Bartels, who for nearly 30 years has resided in Sydney, and occupied a responsible position in one of our first mercantile firms, has always been foremost in any movement concerning the interests or welfare of his countrymen. His friendly counsel and an ever open hand have gained him the gratitude of many and the respect of all. Mr. Bartels leaves on Saturday, to catch the P. and O. steamer in Melbourne, for a short trip to Europe, there to enjoy a well- deserved rest from continuous hard work. The monthly reunion of the Hunter's Hill and Gladesville Horticultural Society took place in the Council-chamber on Monday evening last, at which there was a fair attendance of members and their friends. Prizes were awarded as follows :—Hand bouquet, Miss Ida Jeanneret ; best 12 cut flowers, Dr. Joseph ; beat 12 camellias, Dr. Joseph ; best six camellias, Mr. Jean- neret ; and a certificate of merit to Mr. W. Owen for a very creditable show of vege- tables and fruit. The remaining exhibits were as follows :—By Mr. Weeks, 10 pot plants and six cut pansies ; Mr. C. J. Manning, 35 pot plants, in- cluding ferns, primulas, palms, &c.;, in all a very good collection ; 6 camellias and 12 cut flowers. Mr. A. C. Ganick (who was represented by his gardener, Mr. Eeg), showed a nice specimen of epiphyllum trunca tum, and l8 primulas in their second year's growth, fine shaped plants, but of rather poor strain ; Dr. Josephs, some very fine camellias and cut flowers ; Mr. Jeanneret, a nice collection of camellias ; Mr. W. Owen, 10 pot plants, a collection of cut flowers, and vegetables, including six varieties of potatoes. The next meeting will be held on the 28th August, when prizes of the value of 7s. Gd. each will be offered for six primulas, one season's growth, six primulas two or more seasons, and six hyacinths and best three primulas grown by ladies. The second anniversary of the Girls' Friendly Society of New South Wales was held yesterday. In the afternoon a special service, approved of by the Archbishop of Canterbury, was held in St. Andrew's Cathedral. The service was conducted by the Rev. Canon Stephen, who read the prayers, while the Very Rev. Dean Cowper read the lesson, and the Rev. J. D. Langley delivered a discourse based on the words, "If God so loved us, we ought also to love one another." In the evening a conversazione was held in St. Andrew's Schoolroom, Pitt- street, and was attended by about 250 associates and members of the society. The walls had been tastefully decorated with flags, ferns, &c.;, and these, together with the microscopes, grapho- scopes, and other appliances sent for the amusement of the company, imparted a very cheerful aspect to the place. The Girls'' Friendly Society of New South Wales is based upon the principle and worked in con- formity with the rules of an institution in England having a similar name. Although it is a " friendly '' society, it is not one of that character which confers pecuniary benefits upon their members. The principal objects of the society are :—" 1. To bind together in one society ladies as associates, and girls and young women as members, for mutual help, for sym- pathy, and prayer. 2. To encourage purity of life, dutifulness to parents, faithfulness to employers, and thrift." During the evening Mrs. Alexander Gordon, the honorary secretary, stated that the growth of the society in New South Wales had been highly satisfac- tory, and that the associates and membors took a very warm interest in it. 'There were now 30 branches, consisting of between 400 and 500 members. Mrs. Gordon also expressed her pleasure at finding that the service in the afternoon was well attended. Besides the microscopes, graphoscopes, and other apparatus, there were a number of portfolios of large photographs and sketches, about all of which some interesting informa- tion was given. In another part of the building a brief address, illustrated by diagrams, was given on the ancient modes of conveyance. The Garonne (a.), amongst whose passengers is Edward Trickett, is expected to arrive this afternoon. It has been arranged that on the arrival of the Garonne Mr. Trickett will remain on a steam launch down the harbour till the hour fixed for meeting him by the various steamers placed at the disposal of tho committee, and which will leave the jetties, Circular Quay, at 4 o'clock. Only ten carpenters and joiners, all non-society men, answered the roll of those "on strike"' yesterday, and of that number some few were offered and accepted employment at the advance aiked during the day. Several of the men who have been "on strike" have accepted work in the country and in the suburbs, at a distance from the city, such as Botany. In these cases a higher wage than 11s. was given, in some cases 12s., and we have heard of instances where it was still higher, but with what accuracy cannot be proved. These rates, of course, are exceptional, men always expecting a higher rate of wage when they have to go a distance from the city and their homes. We are requested to call attention to a Treasury notice, in another part of our issue, informing ship- owners, shipmasters, and others, that on and from the 1st proximo vessels entering the port will be boarded at the Heads by the Health-Officer, (who will be stationed at Watson's Bay for the purpose), instead of at or below Fort Denison, as at present. " Fuller's Rural Cumberland Year Book for 1882 " has been issued. It contains, amongst other useful in- formation, an official directory, a statistical account (including electoral, Parliamentary, and spotting), and a descriptive sketch of the Parramatta, Central Cum- berland, and Nepean districts. Thorugh the liberality of Mrs. H. C. Dangar. Mrs. James Johnson, and Miss Bradshaw the children attending the Kent-street Ragged school, previously to their breaking-up for the midwinter holidays, were generously provided with upwards of 100 useful gifts, together with cakes and sweetmeats in abundance. This is the fourth year these children have received such kindness from the hands of the above ladies, who attended personally to distribute the valuable gifts, and also spoke a few kind words of encouragement to the children which will not soon be forgotten. We are informed that Sir John Robertson has kindly placed at the disposal of the Trickett reception com- mittee the use of the Watson's Bay steamers Wharf, on the Circular Quay, on the occasion of the demonstra- tion to welcome the return of the celebrated Sydney sculler. A resident of North Shore, who travels regularly by the 1 o'clock boat, remarks that the gun is scarcely ever tired when the timeball drops, being sometimes as much as five minutes late. As many persons do not see the timeball and regulate their wvatches by the gun, it would be as advisable as simple that the latter should be true to the second. William Avery, aged 50 years, residing in John- street, Pyrmont, who on Monday was admitted to the Hospital suffering from injuries to his spine, sustained by a fall from a waggon, yesterday died in the in- stitution. A man named Murphy, who has been complaining that the Commission appointed to inquire into the working of the Friendly Societies' Act would not allow him tlo attend and give evidence, was, yesterday, summoned at the Water Police Court on a charge of disobeying a subpoena to attend and give evidence be- fore the Commission. Mr. Ould, of the Crown Solicitor's department, attended to prosecute, and Mr. Hills appeared for the defence. Murphy made a state- ment that he would attend the Commission when sum- moned again, wheroupon tho summons was withdrawn, and the case terminated. An inquest was held yesterday, at Pyrmont, before Mr. H. Shield, J.P., on the body of William Mackie, aged 17 years, who died suddenly at about half-past 8 o'clock on Monday morning, at his residence, No, 91, John-street. From the evidonce it appears that, on Saturday evening, he, in company with another young man, went to a fish shop where he partook of some fried fish and returned home at about 11 o'clock. He com- plained of feeling cold, and took a warm foot bath and went to bed, before doing so partaking of a warm drink. Between the time he retired and 3 o'clock on Sunday morning he vomited several times. He got up to breakfast, and afterwards went for a walk, and return- ing at about dinner time, complained again of feeling cold. He then went to bed, and becoming gradually worse during the night, died at about 8 o'clock on Monday morning. Drs. Shewen and Milford both mado a post-mortem examination of the body, and found the organs congested. The body after death turned quite black. The state of the organs and general appearance of the body would lead to the supposition that death had been caused by some irritant poison, but no definite opinion can be given till the contents of the stomach, which have bren forwarded to Mr. "Watt, the Government Analyst, have been examined. The inquest was adjourned till next Saturday. Mr. Charles Marvin has (says the Pall Mall Gazette) summed up the net result of the interviews which he has had with the generals and statesmen of Russia. He seems to have seen almost everybody excepting the Czar, and his conclusions, which are entirely borne out by his transcript of their conversations-and whatever Mr. Marvin may lack, he undoubtedly possesses a mar- vellously exact memory—are very surprising, consider- ing that they are arrived at by the Russophobe corre- spondent of the most bitterly anti-Russian paper in England. Mr. Marvin has been convinced that " there is not oven the ghost of a Sir Henry Rawlinson in Russia; there exists no Anglophobia in Russia to match the Russophobia in England." He was struck with the unanimity and impreesed by the sincerity with which Russians of all classes disclaimed any designs on India, and recognized the impossibility of injuring us there. The following passage with which he sums up his conclusions as to Russia's recent opera- tions in Central Asia will rendor it difficult for Mr. Cowen to persist in his resolution on the subject of whioh he has given notice:—" There has been no ground for those bitter charges against Russia of broken promises; duplicity, fresh advances, and so forth which have tilled the English press for some weeks past, and have been prominontly promulgated in the Times. I am compelled to avow that if there has been any duplicity in connection with tho Central Asian question during the last two years it rests more with England than with Russia," The following, from the Constantinople correspondent of the London Standard, would seem to imply that Germany and Austria are opposed to an armed occupa- tion of Egypt altogether. He writes on May 3 :— " For some time past it has become perfectly clear that the Porte was bent upon carrying out its favourite dream of a military occupation of Egypt, and in a recent despatch I informed you that this Government was about to sound the Powers with regard to such a contingency. The moment was considered favourable. German support to the scheme was believed to be secured, and it only remained with Turkey to appoint the regiments and commanding officers who were to form tho expeditionary force. This Govern- ment has now, however, awoke from this pleasant dream of again laying hands on Egypt to find that the Powers most counted upon-namely, Germany and Austria-declare openly that they cannot countenance armed interference on the part of Turkey. Bitter dis- appointment is naturally felt in Government circles at the unexpected turn which German policy has taken on this question, and it is not improbable that the dis- satisfaction of the Sultan has had something to do with the fall of Said Pacha.'' The Queen (says the Saturday Review) has seen eight of her children married, and the Princess Beatrice alone remains in the home of her childhood. It is more than 24 years since the eldest of the group was given to the Crown Prince of Prussia, and this alone ol' the marriages of their children was colobrated while the happy union between the Queen and Prince Consort subsisted. The lamented Princess Consort was married in the July following her father's death, and in this way her memory is specially associated with his. As time went on other marriages were contracted, as oppor- tunity or inclination prompted. The Royal Family has gone through the usual changes of human life, has had its great happiness, its great sorrows, and the minor lights and shadows of its current history. It has changed in a changing world, When the two older Princesses were married. Lord Palmerston was on both occasions present as Prime Minister. Now, among the gay uni- forms of other Ministers, Mr. Blight is conspicuous in a sober but appropriate suit of black velvet. The range of history between these appearances of Lord Palmer- ston and of Mr. Bright is considerable, and much has been altered m the interval. But of nil things that which has altered least is the position of the Royal Family in the country. The North China Herald of May 12 says that a letter from Tientsin asserts that a considerable number, between ten and fifteen thousand, repeating rifles of Winchester's patent, with large quantities of metallic cartridges, are to be sent forthwith to the various camps on the long frontier line of China, beginning at Kash- gar and ending on the eastern limit of Chinese Man- churia, The precautions taken of giving the Chinese frontier forces good arms are evidently necessary, as the boundary questions between Russia and China are not likely to have been finally set at rent by the Tseng tieaty. To arm the Chinese troops well, is a wise step ; but, judging by the accounts we have, the Chinese forces as at present constituted, are scarcely better in degree than a collec- tion of able-bodied but wholly undisciplined mobs of men. To give to untrained and badly officered men delicate arms of precision is an absurdity. The soldiers (so called) ought to be fitted by a long and adequate training to learn how to use the new rifles, before the costly weapons are confided to them. In a recent letter from London (observes a New York paper) Mr. George W. Smalley thus refers to the editor of Punch's reply to some of Mr. Smalley's criticisms :—" Mr. Burnend is good enough to devote a copy of verses to my observations on ' Mr. Punch's Vagaries,' the point of which is that his occupation is jest, mine detraction. I need hardly remind you that the 'jests' which I censured were acrimonious attacks on individuals ; one of them an infamous lampoon on a woman. My ' detraction ' consisted in giving examples of these urbanities. Mr. Burnand's view is that he is defamed because he is quoted, which I need not dis- pute." " Law " seems to be dear all the world over ; even in democratic America the luxury of litigation is at a luxurious price, as tho following will show, extracted from the New York Tribune :—"It is wise to avoid litigation, but this is sometimes as impossible to escape as death or taxes, and often arouses emotions nearly as painful. Take the case of the Open Board of Brokers, which wanted to retire from business and divide up its assets, amounting to more than 100,000 dollars. The corporation could not pass out of existence without offi- cial sanction, and so the stockholders went into court in a friendly suit. But the board is not out of business yet. In the course of the year the lawyers, its own and ita friendly opponents', have presented bills for services rendered, amounting to about 60,000 dollars. The re- ceiver, two referees, and the receiver's counsel have not yet been heard from. There is also litigation still pending in Special Term which will have to he carried to the Court of Appeals before the work will be ended. The stockowners are wondering if their assets will not be turned into liabilities." The repeated demand made in tho House of Lords for the publication of the principles adopted by the Commissioners in fixing fair rents (obsorves the Pali Mall Gazette) suggests either a remarkable obtuseness in understanding tho proceedings in the Land Courts or a studied neglect to read the reported eases. It is not easy to see, as Lord Carlingford pointed out last night, how the process by which the Commissioners arrive at their results can be more readily explained than by an observation of their proceedings. The Commissioners take evidence on both sides as to the quality of the soil, the nature of the improvements, the treatment of the holding by the tenant and a variety of other cognate subjects. They employ competent valuers, and confirm by their own inspection the evidence given before them. They fix the rent so as to leave a fair and reasonable profit to tho tenant, deducting the value of his improvements, and also taking into account any deterioration caused by his own neglect. If theso do not constitute prin- ciples of action, what would ? When Mr. Haines moved in the Assembly on Wed- nesday, Juno 21, for a return showing the amounts voted under the head "bonuses" for each separate industry, and other information thereto pertaining (says the S. A. licgister), he probably had no idea that he would provoke a little debate. Some hon. members, however, took up the subject con amore, and branched off into disquisitions on protection, assistance to native industries, and such like matters. A majority of the speakers claimed that bonuses had encouraged those industries after having given them their start. They argued from facts to support them ; and the minority who took the opposite view brought out facts also to prove that the bonuses had had exactly the opposite effect. From upwards of a thousand returns, rendered by the bankers and others, Mr. Martin (says the Scotsman) has arrived at the conclusion that the annual average wear and tear of the gold coinage is about two-fifths of a grain, and that the proportion of light to full weighted coins in circulation ia about 54 3/4 per cent. In other words, more than half of the gold coinage in circulation is, according to this estimate, below the weight at which it ceases to be legal tender ; and this calculation receives some corroboration from a case of actual experience which Mr. Martin cites. On the failure of the City of Glasgow Bank two large parcels of gold were sent up to London, and out of the £162,000 which they contained, no less than £90,000, or 55 1/2 per cent., consisted of light coins. The band of the N. S. W. Artillery will perform in the Botanic Gardens this afternoon from 3 p.m. until 4.30 p.m. (weather permitting), under the conductorship of Band- master J. H. Pennell. Messrs. Edward Hordern and Sons have issued a neat monthly pamphlet entitled their "Commercial Gazette," primarily as an advertising medium, but it contains a large quantity of most useful information in regard to rail, tram, bus, and steamboat traffic. 