The Late V.R.C, Spring Meeting. By " Newmarket." The Victoria Baoiog Club Spring Meeting of 1882, with all its hopes and disappoint ments, has come and gone, and were it not for the on fortunate deluge of Gup day, the meeting would have been one of the most successful ever held at Flemington ; for the weather, although dull and threatening on Derby day, was charming and springlike on the IftBt two days of the meeting, clearly showing what past experience has taught us — that towards the middle of November the weather becomes more settled, and conse quently more reliable. Undo: these circum stances, then, it is difficult to understand the reasons that induced the committee of the Y&Q.; to tit er the originti fixing of their Spring Meeting, and make the gathering of this year take place a . week earlier than usual, a time that not only renders the matter of fine weather extremely hazardous, but coming, as it does, so' soon after the V.A.T.C. Spring Meeting, promotes the feeling that there is just a little too much racing, and there is not that avidity to par ticipate in the sport that there would he if the meeting were held a fortnight later, when fine weather would almost be assured, and those who were unfortunate over the V.A.T.C. Meeting would have had time to recuperate. Therefore it will be seen that many reasons can be urged in favour of making the meeting lake place later in |he month, while nothing can be advanced in favour of having the Derby nm in October instead of November, besides which,- it is manifestly unfair to the public, and to the large section of country and intercolonial visitors who honour us with their presence at our great racing carnival, not to select s' time which favour the chances of fine weather, and it is to be hoped that the V.R.C. committee will consider the matter at theif next meet ing, and that next year the V.R,C. Deifby will be run at the earliest on the first Saturday in November. Another reason why the meeting should take place later in the season, though the idea might be thought ultra-conservative, is that as our two-year -olds, through climatic in fluences, do not mature as early as those of the sister colonies, the chances of Victorian- bred youngsters in the early two-year- old races would be considerably enhanced if the next meeting were to take place a fortnight later. This may be considered a very selfish and unsportsmanlike reason to ad vance, but the success of intercolonial youngsters, year after year, warrants us in making an effort to enable Victorian-bred two-year-olds to meqt those of the sister colonies on something like even terms, and ap Victoria pays the piper, she should have some voice as to what kind of music should r be played. The . racing tfcrOQghout the meeting was very interesting, though, with the exception of the Y.R.C. Handicap, which really afforded a splendid struggle between Gudarz . and Gipsy Cooper, the finishes were not par ticularly close. Undoubtedly, the most popular horse during the meeting was Darebin, whose victory in the Melbourne Stakes, and subsequently in the Royal Park Stakes, was the signal for loud and continued cheer ing.'1 The Hon. E. K. Cox possesses a mine of equine wealth m the imported mare Atholine, whose progeny seem to bold a mortgage over the Maribyrnong Plate. Her first foal, Babena, won the great two- year-old race of Australia in 1876 ; and Geraldine, another of her daughters, ran a dead heat for second place with Otira In the Maribyrnong Plate of 1879 : and lastly Narina, the handsomest of her progeny, appropriated the richest single stake of the meeting. After Yatfcendon's death, Atholine was put to Chandos. but unfortu nately1 the foal, a well-developed chesnut filly, was born dead. In addition to not getting a place in any of the two-year-old races of the meeting, Victoria ss com pletely out of the hunt in the Maribyrnong Plate, the first half-dozen being bred in be other colonies. Indeed, since Newminster'S victory in 1875, New South Wales has had it pretty much her own way in the Maribyrnong ! Plate, though a Victorian representative did manage to divide the honours with South Australia when Welcome Jack ran a dead- heat with Davinla. After seeing Navigator perform in the A.J.C. Derby, I expressed an emphatic opinion in my report of the meeting that although both horses were susceptible to great improvement, I was satisfied that Segenboe had not a ghost of a show for the the V.B.C. blue ribbon, and the result has proved that my judgment was quite correct. It was regretted that so little was seen of Navigator, and many would have liked to have seen him measure strides with Darebin and Commotion in the Canter bury Plate ; but, for my part, I think Mr. De Mestre was wise in not imposing such a severe task on the gallant little black, for I feel sure that the Derby winner would have gone down easily before Commotion, who is the most brilliant racehorse in Australia. Some of Navigator's backers found fault with the way he was ridden in the Derby,, but as Hales won very easily, they smothered their censure. One of the most improving colts of the season is Calma, wno, li l miEsase noi, wiu ue as uaru i>u ue»i> as any three year-old in the Champion. Boolka improved vastly since he ran at Caulfield, and if the same boy who steered him in the Guineas had been allowed to ride him in the Derby, I believe the son of Glorious would have run a much better horse, as ie was evident before they bad gone half a mile that Yeomans did not understand the horse, from the manner he was hauling him about. It was thought by some that if Stockwell had not been made so much use'of he would have won the Cup, but, under the circumstances, I think that Riley did quite right in getting on the un trodden ground, and I believe that it was due to this fact alone that she second place in our great spring handicap went to Tasmania, for if Riley had kept his horse in the ruck he would have been slipping about like many of the others were, who were quite as fast as Stockwell, but who could not act on the slippery ground. Another instance of the success of the%Siock- well mares was the victory of Vauolusein the Oaks. Vaucluse is from Chrysolite by Stockwell. Chrysolite is also the dam of Robinson Crusoe, the sire of Navigator ; and Atiholine is by Blair Athol, a son of the renewed emperor of stallions. Thus the thre& principal winners of the meeting are closei y related. Segenhoe again disappointed his backers in the Mares' Produce Stakes, but I think that Murphy, to a great extent, con tributed towards the defeat of last year's Afaribyrnong Plate winner, for the horse was ridden very badly. Calma won so easily tltat many fancy his chanceB for the St. Lger- The Steeplechase was a splendid rane, M'Gowan deserving special mention for the artistic manner in which he steered Sailor. Commotion completely covered himself with glory' by his victory over Dai-ebin in the C%oterbury Plate, his owner, Mr. Pearson, winding a large stake ovur the victory of the tCP of Panic and Stating Stt. DareMn, a&WBb; hpttV ran a good honest horse, but Commotion always had the foot of him and won without really being called upon, thus establishing his claim to be called the greatest horse' of the day. 