A MODEL FATHER BY DAVID CHRISTIE MURRAY, Author of ' A Life's Atonement,' ' Joseph's Coat,' &c.; * [Published by special arrangement vdth tho author. All rights reserved.] Chapter HL—(Contimied.) In perjured treachery and all base intent Mr. Montgomery Bassetfc's good night kiss came near to the salute of Judas, and he felt it so. But as there never was a criminal whose crime showed itself to his own eyes in its own true form and hue, so he, with only occasional pangs of conscience and occasional meaner pangs of dread, brought himself to say that he was acting for the girl's ultimate good. These little youthful sentiments were never of a very permanent character, he told himself, and never altogether free, even whilst they endured, from much sentimental dross. He thought, honestly enough, to be just with him, that love was a pinchbeck sort ©f a jewel at the best, and would have revived Solomon's proverb had he kuo wa it, preferring the stalled ox and hatred therewith to a dinner of herbs in loving company. As he emerged upon the street he tore open the envelope and drew forth, the shaet of paper within it, and disposed them in his breast pocket. He walked hastily until he came to the Tottenham Court- road, and entering a tavern there, he called for a glass of whisky, and standing over it, read the letter through. It was so gay and tender and affectionate that it knocked loudly at his heart mere than once, short as it was, and more than once he was half inclined to abandon his device. One passage he noted in particular, a passage ia which his daughter told of his attempt to re move his ring and of her resistance. She had not forgotten, so she wrote, the kisses her lover had given the ring before he gave it her. One for love and one for constancy, and one for happy fortune. And gaily and teuderly, as girls use when iu love, she said that he should have those three kisses given to his gift every night without a pause or break — cue for love, and one for constancy, and one lor happy fortune. The tragedian put up the letter, and in structing the waiter to follow with a sheet of paper, an envelope, aud pen an ink, he walked into a room referred for the regular evening habitues of the place. There he ivrote this — ' My Dear Camesok — ' 1 1 egret to say that my daughter was aware of your attempt to see her this evening, and is so Uis imbed thus siie is not iu a cunditiuutu semi you the litter i promised yoa should rceoive. She under lakes, however, to semi it iu the morning. — Iain, icv dear Cameron, yours truly, ' Montgomery Bass etc1.' He addressed the euvelope, and, leaving the house, dropped the letter into a pillar post hard by, and walked slowly home wards. Arrived, he locked himself in his own room, and there burned his daughter's letter in the empty gratej stirring it carefully and re lighting the charred fragments of it once or twice unni noinmg was leii or it dui- grey ashes. He solaced himself with more whisky, and when he went to bed slept heavily, to awake in the morning with a headache, aud with no sense of rest. At au unusually early hour he went out, having first written a second letter, which ran thus : — 'My daughter is still strongly averse to the TvritiDg of the promised letter, bnc I have asked her for a token, and she premises to enclose in this soms toy — a ring, as I presume — received from yon on Sunday last at Oakeiiham. She instructs me that it I say that associated itiththe gift were three wigh.es — one iox love, one for constancy, and one for happy fortune — -'0V will recognise the words as your own, and will knotf' that this comes from her. I do not think it necessary to add anything to this commu nication, but I rely upon you to act as becomes a gentleman, and not to peise-cule my daughter n-itiz appeals which must be f niitle.'J^' Bearing this elaborate viilacy wifch him he made a tour of two or three jewellers' 3liop3 until he found a ring which looked so like the miserable lover's gift to Mary that he could perceive no difference_ between them. This he bought and placed in the envelope, and having registered and posted the letter, walked home again to make preparations for his journey. All through the morning his daughter's gay, innocent talk aud the sound of her voice as she sang about the house stanghim almost unbearably. He feigned sleep in the railv.-ay carriage as thsy travelled together to Southampton, and Mary occupied herself with a book of poem3 and her own fancies. Once or twice she drew off her glove to look at her lover's gift, and, be lieving herself unobserved, kissed it thrice, once for love, andjonce for constancy, and once for happy fortune. Her father, with his travelling cap drawn over his eyes, saw her through half-closed lids, 'and in his wicked heart began those unavailing re morses^which are the companions of delibe rate crime. He suffered horribly already, and he saw plainly enough that he would suffer more in the future. He knew that his scheme would bring him no comfort, even if he car ried it to triumphant fulfilment, but, how ever miserable it might be to go on, he found a backward step impossible. Whatever new villanies might be needful for the pur pose, Jack Cameron and his daughter must be kept apart. He played Macbeth that evening, and the newspaper critics next morning told their readers that he had never played so finely. It was a tradition in that school of tragedy to which Mr. Montgomery Bassett belonged, thatat certain portions of the play the autor himself should be so wrought upon that it should be dangerous to interrupt the flow of the emotions even behind the scenes, where the spirit of the part was to be kept up by much solemn striding to and fro, and many savage execratory murmurs. The eminent tragedian had always supported this tra dition, and now, with a genuine mental passion added to an assumed mental passion, which had grown almost real through years of habit, he was dreadful to the supernumeraries^ and the carpenters read terrors in his eye. Mr. Bassett's last five nights at that house were long remembered, and became a tradition of the local stage. When on the Thursday night he played Othello, the rising young artist who was cast for lago suffered terribly at his hands. The great tragedian's deep voice throbbed with anguish and rage, as he took that lago by the throat, andfshook him at the line — If thou dost slander her and torture me. He hauled the young man about the stage, and dashed him hither and thither with pro digious strength and violence, and the stage manager at the flies almost whispered as he addressed the leading lady with the statement that Basset was in force to- night. There is probably not much more humbug behind the scenes than there is elsewhere. But there is a little humbug there, and everybody agreed to believe that Mr. Montgomery Bassett was not acting when he left the boards, but that he was absolutely inflated with the passion {of the part, and could not help striding stagily, and scowling and muttering, and folding and unfolding his arms as he awaited his cue in the slips, or his call in 'the cramped limits of his dressing room. So that the great tragedian began to make capital of his remorse, and to draw satisfaction from his own misery of spirit. Mary had expected a reply from Jack on Wednesday morning, and had watched the postman on his rounds. When his knock came down the street her heart would flutter until it had gsne by and had faded out' of } - hearing on the other side, and then for a j while she would be listless. \Vednesday passed ; &nd; Thursday came, but no letter, and «1-p ) began to he wma» a?^?ui Jack's health aud to have ifincies about raii-cray accidents aad street disasters. Thursday night found her. at tbe theatre, where she watched the play with little interest, and her mind was with her lover all the evening. The doorkeeper knew her, and she ran round to her father's room in the pause before the last act. She found him in his paint and his stage jewels, pacing up and down and mut tering, and there was a scent of Scotch whisky on the air. 'Wait here,' he said abruptly, when he saw her, and left the room at once to wander in semi-darkness about the back of the stage, or to stand still with folded arms, staring gloomily at the workpeople until they shook under his gaze, and the leading lady, hearing of his mood choose to think him. dangerous, and flatty refused to play the play out unless he gave a promise through the stage manager to murder her more gently than he had shaken lago. 'Mr. Bassett,' said the stage manager, ' Miss Montmorency is afraid of you. You are in such magnificent form to-night, sir, that the poor thing is actually trembling at the thought of the bolster.' 'Tell her,' said the great man iu his magnificent hollow tones, 'that she needs not fear me. I will deal gently with her.' And he took to striding to and fro again with his chronic humbug and his nagged artistic rage, and his real fears and miseries, all mounting so high in a mingled tide within him that he felt absolutely proud of himself, as if he were really a dark and noble criminal of fiction, like the Corsair of Lord Byron. Mary was not unused to this sort of dis play, and was not surprised at it. She knew her father's reputation, and had a great pride in it, and she was accustomed to hear him talking to his friends in that artistic passion which attunes controlled him. Sitting there she noticed that the house was unusually silent. It had been until now remarkably demonstrative, and its present quiet argued, triumph. When at hist the applause broke out at the fall of the curtain, it sounded through the whole building like a hurricane. Mary slipped out of the room and saw her father answer three times to the resounding plaudits of the audience. This pleased her little nervous anxieties, and thrilled and glowed with pride in her father. 'Since Macready played here last,' said the stage manager, *' 1 assure you, Miss Baa sett, there has been no such performance wit nessed here.' The company applauded behind the scenes when the great man came back after his final bow, and he saluted them in solemn silence. He signed to his daughter to await him, and the stage manager politely entertained her in the greenroom until Othello appeared, pale and languid, in his glossy broadcloth and spotless linen to escort her home. 'You had a great triumph to-night, papa,' she said, taking liia arm as they came upon the street. ' I do not care to speak of it,' said Mr. Bassett. ' I have other things to thinfc of.' The girl was discomfited without knowing why. The little fears and anxieties about Jack began to come back again and to assume larger proportions. Her elastic step grew dull on a sudden, and she walked on in silence. Their lodgings were not far from the theatre, and were soon reached. ' Mary,' said her father, facing her iu the sitting-room, ' I have heard very unpleasant news this evening? Has Mr. Cameron replied to your letter?' 'No,' she answered with a pale face and eyes widened. 'If,' said the tragedian, dashing his hat upon the ground. 'If he has trifled with you ? ! But no ; it is beyond belief !' ' Papa !' she said, quietly enough. ' What is it ? There is nothing to be alarmed at in this brief delay. Something has prevented him from writing. I shall hear to- morrow.' ' I am not eager to suspect him,' said the actor, walkiDg up and down the room, with a disordered step. ' But if he has played you false it were better for him that his mother had not borne him.' ' You know something ?' she began. ' ' No. You know nothing against Jack. I am not at all alarmed about him. I shall hear to morrow.' ' It would be a false mercy to shield you from the truth, my child,' said her father, pausing in bis walk, and regarding her with a terror stricken face, 'I have tried to doubt it, but it is beyond doubt.' Mr. Montgomery Bassett was undoubtedly, unless all Ms critical contemporaries lied or were mistaken, a fine actor, bat neither he nor any actor that ever trod the boards could, have acted the face and voice with which he trembled lest his child should read him. Bat his consternation aud misery were so real that the girl never doubted the origin of hi3 dis turbance, and so the very cowardice with which he played his- part helped him to its proper presentation. 'What is it?' she asked defiantly. 'Tell me.' ' What is it?' he cried, turning bis miser able white face upon her. 'He is a houad, a scoundrel. He has abused your faioh. He is here ia Southampton now — here in the town — visiting the woman to whoa, he will be married in a fortnight — if he lives so long !' The girl's face was as whitc_as his,tbut she answered quietly. ' You have been deceived. I doa't believe it, papa. I refuse to think about it. I won't dishonor him, and I won't dishouor mvoclf by thinking seriously of it, for a se^o.i-L' Her own denial gave her coiifiduacc. The very sound of her own voice quieted aud for tified her. 'Poor dear pap*,' she said, standing oi tiptoe to embrace him, aoxi speaking with a bait' gay pity, now that she was so sure at heart again, 'lean, see how much you have been troubled by t-uis silly tale.' ' My poor child!'' he answered, ghastlier than ever now, ' My poor child 1' He sank into a chair, and shed real tears. What with whisky aud that stale flagged passion of his business, and her tcndernes? and his remorses and pretences, he was all un strung, and as he wept he did half feel a rising rage against Jack Cameron, and a pity for his own child, as if tbe lie had all been gospel truth. A mere common Ii-j could not hare risen to this height of mendacity. Poeta reach such a stage in the pursuance of their craft sometimes, and Mr. Bassett had spent his life in the simulationand tiie practice of the emotions. His tears shook her faith, and she began tt- cling to him, half in pity and half in terror, lest the dreadful story should be true. He took her head to his breast, so that she might not see his face, and she felt the sobs that shock him. It broke upon her then that it was— it must be— beyond a doubt in his mind, or he Tvould not be so moved. But then tho loyalty of her own heart rose in rebellion at the shameful story. She recalled her lover*» kisses, she saw the laughing tender light ia his honest eyes — surely his eyes were honest — she felt his strong manly arm about her waist, her head lay again upon his shoulder. Girls remember these things when lovers prove false, and for some few moments they can find no belief in falsehood, and the gay patt is back again, and the tender vows are true. No, no, no, her heart cried out to her — he cannot be false. And then, with a sickening revulsion — it must be true, and so faith or hope of mine can cure it ; and the poor thing, with her head lying over that Judas heart, began to cry passionately and terribly, whilst the hands that had opened her letter caressed her, and the lying voice tried to soothe her. When at last she lifted her piteous face and looked at him a pang went through him. Bat there was no going back, and he had his part to play. ' You won't think about him, my darling,* he said with real tenderness and pity. Hia remorse began to burn him like a tire, and yet he had laid it upon himself to lie, and t» break his child's heart for greed, and there was no way out of it. ' You won't fret about him.' ' If this is true,' she said, standing erect before him and wringing her disordered hair backwards with both hands. ' Doa't have any fear for me, papa. I shall not break mjr heart for any male flirt of them alL G-ood night, dear.' She kissed him veaemeafclj, with no doubt of him. 'I have you left, papa,' she said, sobbing. ''Good, night, dear, ' The tragedian sat alone an hour later, and the decanter was empty before he left it. 'She bears it pluckily,' he murmured, thickly. ' And it is alljfor her good, and she will marry young Weatherley now to show that other fellow that she doesn't care for hi* desertion. He will make her a very good ' husband, and she will have everything that heart can wish for.' Mr. Bassett arose with a headache next day, but his daughter did not rise. He had. no great appetite for breakfast, and he waited her coming for a long time. At last he sent the landlady to arouse her, and the woman after a few minutes' absence came down with frightened looks and ran into the sittingroom with no preliminary knock. Miss Bassett is ilL sir,' she said ; ' come and look at her.' The tragedian pushed paat her and ran upstairs to his daughter's room. Mary was sitting upright in bed, with her brown hair about her shoulders. Her eyes were amazingly bright aad restless, her faoe was flushed, and sue was talking nonsense volubly. 'What's the matter?' cried the terror* stricken father. '' I'm afraid, sir,' said the landlady, ' that she's in a raging fever.' . Chapter IV. '. Jack Cameron, arrived at his own rooms, sat down with a book before him, and made - a dogged pretence of reading. His chum tit a pip? and regarded Mm with troubled, - -friendly eyes. -Jack's book was of small valutt. . '. to him', as you may fancy, except as a shield- :r- ?'-'. for his tiiioliou ; yvit he rca-i on steadily, iine aiier isr.?, and pag-; cificr vx%z. u.a.ler ataBding nothing. He had ali-cSSy' BErns5^-, ? more than fce cared to ilioiv, and was resolved to keep a guard upon, himself £or the Latwe. but his heart was full of rage and wounded love and pride ; and these passions roaking - ~~ through him every now and again like a very tempest, he had much ado to keep his limbs still. To be in love means much to a clean hearted youngster. You have jogged along with the crowd, content to be no better than your neighbors, satisfied withan every-day morality . and commonplace ambitions after money and worldly ease, and all on a sudden some beauti ful new presence dawns upon your life, and beckens you to a level you had done no more than dream of. And this sweet presence, which bears actual airs of heaven with it, glows more and more lovely and beneficent, and beckons you higher and higher, aud smiles kindlier and kindlier, until in some upguessed cf moment it turns with a face of hideous derision and mocks your folly. This is to.be jilted for money. Your soul rises in - despair and self- disdain, and the goddess oE your worship tells you that the love of woman is a cheat, and a heart of cankered brass a poor lad's only safeguard. All this v. as true to Jack Cameron, because he believed it to be true. He would not have been the honest lad he was if many doubts had not reached his heart. Loyalty finds it hard to believe ia disloyalty. Cassidy watched his friend, almost with terror, his quiet seemed so un natural, and in a while his fears assumed & shape so threatening that he stole from the sitting-room and locked up his friend's razors. ' This kind of thing,' he said to himself, gloomily, ' has ended that way before now.' After an hour or two spent] in trying quiet, Jack rose and filled his pipe, and at this sign Cassidy began, to bustle about the room and to set glasses and a bottle on the table. ' To their father with the lot of them,' said Cassidy suddenly. ' What do we want to go getting married for? We've got each other, that's been chums now for a dozen years aud more, and we'll just try to be content at that, Jack, me boy, and let the baggages slide.' ' Bill,' said Cameron, breaking silence for the first time since his entrance, ' make me one promise.' 'Anything in nature,' answered Cassidy. ' Kever speak about this any more. JSever hint at it.' 'I won't, then,' said the Irishman, ten derly, ' Have a glass of whisky, Jack.' 'Ko. I won't drink no w. Goodnight.' ' Good night.' The heartbroken lover went to his own rocm aud walked gloomily up and down all night. His companion sat in tbe chamber beneath and listened to his footsteps. ' They're all alike,' said Cassidy to him self. ' When was Jever unhappy except when I was danglin' afther a petticoat? But Ili have to marry now if I spend the honeymoon in the v.orkhouse, and that looks likely. J?aitb, I'd rather stop andbe a companion to the poor boy there. 1 know what it is, Jack, me lad, for I' ve been through it myself, as often maybe as most men, and 1 can feel for you.' The watcher in the lower room dozed, and woke to see the first grey gleam of dawn break throngli the crevices of the window shutter*. The step was still going to aud fro, to and fro overhead. Cassidy began to think his friend took the matter too much to heart, but the thought of going to bed and making himself comfortable whilst his companion suffered, in solitude never occurred to him ; a fact from which it may be argued that friendship was a sentiment more solid and enduring than lore in his case. He threw open the shutters noiselessly and let the summer morning light into the room, and filling his pipe sat down to read with the monotonous footsteps still going to and fro, to and fro overhead. Rowland-street, as everbody knows, is at the same time in the middle of Prague aad near the middle of London. It is not an early street, and only the roll of a cab or a mail cart in the great thoroughfare near at hand broke on the silence until long after broad daylight had settled down upon it: But when Cassidy had dozed again and again over his book the first of the morning cries sounded on his ear, and after no great interval the post man's knock came down the siient street. The watcher, having thrown up the window quietly to observe the progress of the post man, marked the cessation of the footsteps overhead, and, listening, heard the creaking | of the window as it rose in the room above him. ' The poor lad can't believe she'sfooled him yet,' said Cassidy slowly. The postman's knock sounded at the front door, and Cameroa ran rapidly and lightly down stairs. He came back with the falsa letter the tragedian .had written the night be fore, and Cussidy' intercepted him on the landing. He had read it already, and he slippea it into the Irishman's hands without a word, and passed upstairs again. The foot steps were going to and fro once more as Cassidy read the wicked lines. ' She's disturbed, ia she, poor thing?' he said bitterly. 'That's a pity.' He threw . the epistle on the table, and went wandering disconsolately about the room, but, hearing; the landlady astir, he ned like a guilty ghost; to his own chamber. By-and-by Cameron appeared before him half -dressed. *' Have you seen my razors, Cassidy !' he asktd. ?? I — I borrowed them,' said Cassidy, blush ing and stammering. Jack stood by whilst he unlocked the drawer iu which he had hidden them. ' You old fool!' he said, with that friendly brutality young men use when they wane to hide themselves. ' I was not to certain of that same,' blun dered. Cassidy ; but Cameron, returning no answer, marched off with his recovered - property. He looked rather stern thaa miserable, Cassidy thought, and indeed the young nian'b heart had been oftener filled with rage than with any other passion, during that . 3readfri fcight, and by this time he had har **en3g Into an intense, bitter contempt for the ? ©*1 he had loved so dearly. His first cry binder the blow had been repeating itself in . liis mind all night — *? Never believe in honor or honesty, any more !' He told himself how salutary the lesson was, and the first fruits of Mr. Montgomery Basscttfs plot declared themselves in the growth of a trustful, affec tionate youngster into a cynic. He met his chum at breakfast as usual, but without the usual greeting, and having forced himself to eat some little food he went downstairs to the studio and began to work. Only yesterday he would have lightened labor by the singing and whistling of many cheery staves— he had a whistle like a thrush's note— and Cassidy, as he worked on his own side of the studio, missed the customary sounds of merriment. 'Hang it all!' said the perturbsd Irish man, regarding his work with disfavor, 'the shadows are painted in mud and the lights in chalk. How are you doing. Jack?' 'Well enough,' said Jack shortly, and silence fell again. 'Art,' said Cassidy, ' is nothing apart from the ordayaL The last picture I painted— 'twas finished last week, and Isaacs has it— had a fine original notion in it. Two girls sitting on a rustic bench with a poodle dog between them. Now this is a loftier concep lion even than that. Two girls sitting on an esplanade, with a poodle dog apiece. There s liberality for 'you!' Jack would have obliged his chum with a laugh in the old times, and now the Irishman mis; ed that friendly contribution to the gaiety «f the day. ' Bad luck to me,' he grumbled, ' I don't know whether the girls are more like poodles or the poodles are more like girls. I can't paint to-day.' Jack worked on in silence, and Cassidy iitfgeted miserably for an hour or two. A knock came to the door at about the usual hour for luncheon, and the servant appeared with a letter pinched iu the cleanest comer of her apron. Cassidy took it and passed it onto Cameron, recognising Bassett's handwriting. ? 'The letter's registered, sir, said the girlj 'and the postman wants a receipt.' Jack walked out into the hall, letter in hand, and by-and-bye, returned with it, still unopened. Cassidy, pretending to be busy, ?watched him furtively through a mirror which stood in on corner of the room. With bent brows the young fellow read through the letter, and then searching the envelope, drew forth the ring, and after looking at it for a minute tossed it lightly away, and began to laugh in a manner so harsh and unnatural that Cassidy was frightened by it. 'One for love and one for constancy,' cried the hapless lover, 'and one for happy fortune. Love, constancy, and happy tor tune.' He stooped to pick up the ring, and held it high at arm's length. 'I gave her this,' he said, still laughing in the same mad, unnatural way, ' 02 Sunday night. Before I gave it I Mssed it once for love, and once for ^constancy, and once for happy fortune. And now read this.' He cast the letter towards Ms friend, and it fluttered to his feet. Cas sidy lifted it, and read it through, and then the two faced each other. 'Jack,' said his friend, 'if ye thought about her twice after this, ye'd be less than small.' *' Thought about her !' cried the poor fellow -with another wild laugh. ' Love, and con stancy, and happy fortune !' Then he lifted up both hands with a sudden gesture of despair and dropped them again, and began to rage to and fro along the room, cursing terribly. ''Money! Let it cram her hollow heart and burn it! Load her with money, and let it sink her to the devil ! Oh, the liar ! Oh, the liar ! Sunday night, Bill, only Sun day night. Less than two days ago, and she swore she loved me. She kissed it back again — she did— think of it — once for love, and once for constancy, and once for happy for tune.' He began to btugh again, more wildly than before, and this time the laughter ended In awful tears. -Cassidy stood helplessly over him, with an unfelt friendly hand natting on his shouldsr. ''They're all alike, Jaote/'-he-aaid-brokserj;'* *'43icy'iiB'a*iaiiKe.* Don't take it this way, —''me poor boy, don't! You're hreakin' my heart as well as your own Jack. But maybe If s best for you to cry, after alL It'll be the sooner over, me poor Jack. It's as well that she's as bad as she is, for you'll be going the sight way the sooner for it.' Cameron recovered his self-possession in a little while, and shaking hands with averted iiead, left the studio with a word. The ring lay on the table, and Cassidy, taking it up, looked at it with moist eyes, and dropped it again. 'Such a pretty little girl,' he said to him self miserably. 'With such a downright honest, friendly look. And to be such a cold blooded little traitress after alL' At that moment Mary Bassett was singing like a bird in her own room, and at every note of the love song she sang her heart went out to Jack with innocent virginal affection. At the notes the tragedian writhed, and remorse already began to sear hissouL Chapter V. The landlady's surmise as to Bassett's condition was true, and the nearest doctor being hastily summoned, confirmed it. 'There has probably been some great mental shock here,' said the doctor. ' There has,' said Montgomery Bassett, with a white face, in which every muscle was twitching. 'She has been most basely and cruelly deceived by a young man to whom she W£S engaged to be married. Is she in any danger?' 'The case is grave,' the doctor answered. 'She will need skillful nursing, and I will, -with your permission, send in a professional jwrseatonce.' ' Do anything and everything that can be done,' cried the tragedian. The medical man was accustomed enough to scenes of domestic anguish, but he thought he had not often laeheld such signs of trouble as Mr. Bassett displayed. That gentleman was plunged in deed into a condition of the utmost terror and dismay. He had counted on a tear or two, on a cheek a little pallid, a gait a little languid, a day or two of low spirits, and poor appetite, but no J on this, or anything near it or like it, and it staggered him. If she died he would, be a murderer as truly and as clearly as if he had struck her down with Ms own hand. His thoughts on matters theo logical had never been of much trouble to idm, but like the great majority of people he had certain vague ideas of a future life in which he would have to pay for earthly offences, and there was or had been a tacit understanding with himself that before he laid down the burden of the flesh he would square himself for all that, and be prepared to die in a properly reformed and repentant spirit. He thought nothing In the world so wicked as an atheist, and had the highest possible opinion of the clergy. So that he, like other people, began to con sider the great problem which vexed Ham let's stepfather — how to be pardoned and re tain the offence. To go back to Cameron and to confess his viUany was absolutely out of the question, and it was just as impossible to acknowledge it to his daughter, even if she .should recover. But whilst she lay in dan ger — and she lay at death's door for days — he did a little bit of sustained mental gymnas tics which was worthy of him. He deter mined that he would at least make no ap ? preach to young Weatherley, and no attempt to induce his child to marry that wealthy and eligible joung man. Heaven, beholding this sign of repentance in him, would perhaps overlook his sins, and allow her to recover. Then (though it would have been fatal to his prospects to confess as much at present), when the danger was over he could do what he liked! There is no reason to linger over the suffer ings the great tragedian had brought upon his daughter. They entailed much suffering upon himself, much discomfort, and some money losses—for he was compelled to sacri fice a fortnight's starring at Manchester and a week in Sheffield. Theatrical papers re ported Miss Bassett's illne3s, with comments pitying and laudatory on Mr. Bassett. When Mary began to get a little strong again, he left her in the care of a maiden sister and the hired nurse, and went upon his tour again, travelling lonely for a month or so. Isncouragiog letters reached him often, and now and then a line from the girl herself, short and feebly ___ -written, but full of a trust and affec * tion which wounded him whilst it soothed. For he knew what a scoundred he had been, and what a scoundrel he meant to be, and it was at once painful and pleasant to know that her trust in him was undisturbed. That pale magenta nose of his began to as sume a deeper tint, for in those days he drank » tgood deal to keep his courage up, and to Hood his conscience, and so to render it inac cessible to Reproach, who generally, it would .seem, prefers to go dry-shod. But Mary gradually grew better, youth and a good con stitution being on her side, and against her will she began to see that she must go on living. Living, since Jack was false, pro mised to be but a dull business, yet she bent herself to the task like a woman. She had her father to live for, and that was something. She saw growing signs of age in him ; and although he had always been kind to her in speech and manner, he had never been so land as now. Her care for his advancing years, and the tenderness to which, for a time at least, his accusing conscience stung him, formed a double bond. .Things went on in this way until at the approach of early winter Mr. Montgomery Basset secured ail engagement at the Lane. '' He was wont to play nothing but Shakespeare, and to declare that nothing but Shakespeare ? was worth playing, bnt the new big spectacular and historical play was likely to van i-jv some months, and Mary wanted rest. Young Weatherley.thoughoutof oursighfc all this time, had not been idle. He had frie ids in plenty, as any young fellow with bis income was likely to have, and some of them who wanted to be faithful, and to have their; own share of the loaves and fishess, told hinx, candidly what a silly thing it would he £or him to marry an actor's daughter. ,5iatae went on growing in his own wag taore and more attached to the girl, and iaQre and more determined to win her. JFJe was bitterly in censed at Jack Cawirt-n*s desertion of her, even though itpav.^ the way for his own ad vance, and bej tised to go about breathing threats and slaughter against that unhappy young artist, who knew nothingof his enmity. Now that this settlement in London was de cided upon, young Weatherley took advantage of it by hiring chambers in the Albany, where he lived in great splendor. Mr. Montgomery Bassett was often there, and the gilded youth and the tragedian were to be seen together on any fine day_ in the Strand, lounging in the humble portico of the Cannibals, or walking arm-in-arm, each behind a partagas of young Weatherley 's providing. The young man was pretty often to be seen in Bloomsbury-square, and fie became a familiar figure to Mary. It need scarcely be said that on his daughter's recovery Mr. Bassett's scruples of conscience had vanished. It need scarcely be said either that in a man of Mr. Bassetf s temperament, the lies he told about Jack Cameron soon began to look true by virtue of repetition, or the actor began to hate the man he had so de ceived and injured. As in the great world, so in the lesser worlds of which the great is made. That which by the silliest q£ modern conventions calls itself Society; is quite a small affair when contrasted with society at large, and in the theatrical and artistic professions there are electic sets which occupy relatively the same position. Mr. Montgomery Bassett, when he chose, could move in the innermost theatrical circle, and he began now to visit it in company with his daughter and young Weatherley. They were a good deal seen to gether, and it was generally taken for granted that Miss Bassett and Mr. Weatherley were 'engaged.' Now that was a condition of things for which young Weatherley ardently sighed and the great tragedian labored. He chanted Weatherley's praises all day long. A good lad — a frank, unaffected, honest nature — a young fellow of the most honorable impulses — not very clever, perhaps, but a good fellow, a good fellow. 'I wish, papa,' said the girl one afterneon, ' that you would find some other topic. I am a little, tired of Mr. Weatherley.' Grief and illness* had not spoiled a naturally sweet temper, but they had left a sense of irrita bility behind them. Mr. Bassett was one of those men who imperatively demand to be brow-beaten, and he was sometimes a little afraid of his daughter. But in this case his interests pricked him forward. 'My dear,' he said tenderly, 'I hope not.' 'And why do you hope not ?' asked the girl, drawing her figure to its full height. ' Because, my dear,' he answered, seeing clearly that just then he dare give no further reason, 'IammoreattachedtoMr. Weatherley than to any other young man I know, and I should be sorry to see you on ill terms with your father's friend.' ' The young man is endurable enough,' 'she said, ' but I am a little tired of hearing him spoken of.' ' Very well, my dear,' said her father sub missively. 'We will talk of what you please.' The girl ran impulsively to him and kissed Mm, with a swift self -accusation in her heart. ' Oh, papa,' she cried, clinging to him, ' I am not the girl I used to be. 1 am illtem pered and disagreeable, and I like to make yon unhappy. And you are always so good and kind, and you never say an angry word to me; and I know how wicked I am all the while, and yet I seem somehow as if I couldn't help it.' 'My dear,' said her father, stooping to kiss her, 'you are the best daughter in the world.' His conscience assailed him much less severely now than it had done, but it still pricked him a little, and helped to keep him tender in his manner to her. For, after all, -ire' loved, .her in a way, and he was not alto gether an unnatural monster. He had stab*'** her to the heart already, but that nad been done out of anxiety for her welfare — it was singular how well he managed on the whole to keep his own considerations out of sight— and if she married a man for whom she did not care, why, scores of women did it every day, and looked anything but broken hearted afterwards. ' I am a very naughty, wayward girl,' she answered. ' But I will try to be good to you, papa. I will indeed.' ' I could wish you no better than yon are,' he said, kissing her again. His pulse took a disorderly beat, and the palms of his hands grew moist. But could he find a more favor able time than this? ' Have you ever guessed a reason for my speaking to you of Mr. 'Weather-ley?' ' If there is a reason, say nothing about it, Eapa,' she answered. There was nothing .in er manner to make him afraid of his enterprise, and he ventured to press his question. ' Have you ever guessed a reason for it ?' 'No,' she said, wearily; 'I have not troubled to think about it. Oh, papa,' she cried, laying her cheek against his breast, ' I am getting to be downright false and disin genuous. Say nothing about the reason, dear. If my guess is not a very vain and silly one, I want to hear no more about it.' Still there was nothing to scare him from his purpose. ' He will visit as long as you like, my dar ling. And it is the one desire of your poor old father's heart.' ' I am very sorry, dear,' said the girl, drawing herself away from him, and looking down at her own languidly intertwining fingers. ' I am very sorry.' ' Think, my darling,' he urged her, warm ing to the theme. 'Think of the burden of anxiety the contemplation of your futurelays upon me. I have so little to leave you, and I cannot bear to think of you upon the stage. I know the coarseness of the life and its dan gers, the scandals that attend it. A good heart i3 laid at your feet, my dear, an honest honorable heart, and a great fortune. I will not urge you for my own sake, but it may have some weight with you if you think that I am getting old, that my time is short, that my faculties are naturally decaying. My popularity may go at anytime, and I may live to hear it said — 'superfluous lags the veteran on the scene.' If I seem to speak selfishly I speak for your sake after all. Your future is my sole anxiety.' In an affair absolute and simple Mr. Mont gomery Bassett could have achieved the lie absolute and simple with no great difficulty, as he had proved already. But here it was not easy to be altogether false, and he did care enough for hS own child to wish her well, even apart from his own interests. Her welfare and his own being both wrapped up together in this matter, he was moved with a genuine emotion. The gM's tired heart took it all for gospeL What had she to desire in the world, except to please her father ? Whom else had she to think of ? Yet a marriage without love looked like a blasphemy of that religion of the heart which she had learnt less out of books than her own nature. Thinking of it, there were tears in her eyes for very pity of herself if she should yield. Life would be cold and lonely enough in any case, but bearable without that. 'Don't be anxious about me, dear,' she said, laying her cheek against his breast again. 'And don't be anxious for yourself. You were never so popular, and you never played so well, as you do now. Everybody says so. All the papers say so, dear. Let us live to gether, papa, and you shall live to be very, very old — a grey old gentleman,' she went on with tremulous gaiety, ' with justa little touch of gout— not enough to hurt much, but just enough to look nice and aristocratic and old fashioned. And we willhave a little cottage in some country place, papa, and live there together, and' — the voice grew more and more tremulous, and was suddenly broken by a rush, of tears— 'and die together.' She ended with both arms about his neck, and he stood stroking her hair whilst he wondered if it were safe to go a little further. He would try, at any rate, and he nerved himself. 'You think so now,' he said, still stroking her hair softly and putting one caressing arm about her neck. 'You think so now, but when you come to— to— to^Airefcalittle,' he was very nervous, 'you will find that yon have too much proper pride, my darling, to have it thought that you will always wear the willow for a scoundrel.' He had wished a thousand times to find courage enough to launch that shaft. It had left his hand now. The boomerang would have furnished a better simile. The argument was as likely as not to turn and knock his scheme on the head. He felt her tremble a little in his embrace, and he knew that her tears had ceased. By and-bye she pushed him away gently, and for a second hid her face in both hands. Then moving her hands sideways and backwards with a firm pressure on her forehead, and twining her fingers in her hair, she looked at him with a glance he remembered to have seen before when his wicked plot first bore fruit. ' Nobody,' she answered, with a quiet voice, ' shall say that of me.' She left him stan ding there without another word. Her father lit a cigar and sat down beside the fire. ' I was wise to try it,' he said to himself. ' The case is anything but hopeless, but we must be content to go slowly.' ( To be continued.) 