The Victorian Turf. THE CAULFIELD MEETING. « By Nemo. Encouraged by many successes, Mr. Bond has offered a brilliant programme to horse-owners, and the entries for the Spring Meeting of the 'Victoria Amateur Turf Club, which closed on Monday last, are such as to secure the success of the Spring Meeting, which is to be discussed on the 7th and 14th of next month. The idea of holding the meeting on two consecutive Saturdays is a capital one, and the attend ance. is likely to be very numerous indeed. The war will open with the Selling Race, half -a- mile, and of those that are known The Ghost and Kanaka appear to be the most trustworthy. There are . 23 in the First Handicap Hurdle Race, 15 in the Amateur Challenge Cnp, 40 in the Toorak Handicap (seven of which hail.from New South Wales), 27 in the Second Handicap Hurdle Race, 29 in the Nursery Handicap, 59 in the Findon Har riers' Gold Vase, 26 in the Steeplechase, and 37 in the Windsor Handicap ; while 45 remain in for the Great Foal Stakes, 29 in the Caulfield Guineas, and 124 in the Caalfield Cnp. The Great Foal Stakes will introduce us to a lot of Mariby rnong Plate candidates, and the result of the fourfur longs spin wiU be pretty well certain to drive away some of the mist by which the great -Two-year-old Derby is at present surrounded. Apart from the interest that will be centered in the race for the Guineas itBelf, it will be pretty certain to throw some additional light upon the Derby question. A glance down the list Shows that neither Segenhoe nor Navi gator is amongst the number, and the black and all black of Mr. De Mestre will be entirely absent from the field, while Hecla or Moipeth will do the honours for the Hon. James White, and the filly Should be the better of the two, and on public form her chance should be a very good one. Grosvenor remains in, but his private form has nothing inviting abont it; and Saionara must be held safely by Hecla. Mr. Howie won this race two years ago with The Duke, and now he has a full sister to the winner in Grand Duchess ; but, judged from the worse than indifferent form she showed at tne last A. J. C. Spring Meeting, she cannot be in it. Mr. Agnew has Hobart, a full brother to Melbourne. The oolt is said to be doing ex cellent work since his arrival in Victoria, but the Panic blood seldom comes early, and perhaps this younger brother to Mr. Tait's old favourite will not leave* his mark until assisted by age. On her Wagga running Treasure Trove must be left out in the cold, and we have yet to make the acquaintance of Aide-de-Camp, by English Tim Whifi9er from Killarnev ; Gasatier, by Veteran from Gasoline; Norfolk, by Stockham from Fleetwing ; Granville, by King of the Ring from Kate (imp.) ; and one or two other highly bred ones. Magnet, by Vagabond from Magic Lantern, has blood in his veins good enough for anything, but Mr. Pearson would appear to nave a stronger string to his bow in Fryingp&n;, the speedy son of Bethnal Green and Saucepan, who, it will be remem bered, won the Foal Stakes last year, when he lowered the colours of Satanella, Creme de JtSouzy, Sylvanus, and a lot of other good ones; and, if he has improved with age, he must take a deal of beating. Highly satisfactory accounts continue to come t5 baud concerning Ironmaster, the son of Tubal Cain and our old friend Coquette, and certainly he has blue blood enough to entitle him . to associate with the greatest aristocrats in the land, and I am very anxious to obtain an introduction to this young gentleman,* who strikes me as being a likely Derby colt. Teheran, by Bethnal Green from Ispahan, is just the sort of fellow to be at hie best as a three-year-old, and he will be worthy of some attention, and so will Boolka, tne fine son of Glorious and Bridget, who, if I mistake not, will prove himself to be one of the best of his year, for Glorious is a rarely bred one, and Bridget is by Kelpie from Minette (imp.), by Faugh-a-Ballagh from a mare by Vol taire, &c.; Mr. YVallaice must have a good opinion of Colma, the son of Yattendon and London Pride, for only a few days ago he accepted £10,000 to £500 about his V. R. C. Derby chance. Comet, being by Panic from Evening Star, must be regarded with respect, knd the speedy Mistake may also require a deal of beat ing. Little Jack, by King Cole from Charade, must needs be a gentleman, and Transferred may also run forward, and . so ma} Belmont, by King of the Ring from Idalia ; but I fancy that all the abovenamed colts and fillies will have to take a back seat if Cetewayo be thoroughly woundup. According to my notions, the chestnut son of Countryman and Queen o' Scots was not anything like fit at either Randwick or the Hawkesbury, but the way in which he romped home for the Tramway Handicap left a lasting im Ereseion, and I am satisfied, even in the face of is Hawkesbury Guineas defeat, that he is one of the fastest hotses for a mile that ever carried a saddle in the colonies. But, good though Cetewayo may be, he will have a terrible task to keep within ooo-ee of Guesswork, if it be a true bill that the son of Gang Forward and Peradventure ran the Adelaide Derby on Saturday last in 2.41 J. In that race bis stable companion, Bassanio, appears to have been hopelessly in trouble before halt the journey had been travelled ; but from all accounts he was not fit to run for a saddle, and, therefore, his pronounced defeat must net be allowed to carry too much weight. All other considerations being equal, Guesswork, Bassanio, Cetewayo, Boolka, and Hecla would seem to have the winner amongst them; but, as I shall be at the 'seat of ' war before the race is run, I hope to be able to give a more definite opinion later on. One would need to nave a heart of cast-iron to attempt to solve the mystery presented by the 124 in the Caulfield Cup. Darebin heads the formidable list with 9st. 91b. ; but, although the distance will he quite to his notion of the cor rectness of things, I have an idea that he and the others that head the handicap will find the dance a little too lively for them, and it is more than probable that Commotion, Cunnamulla, Sting, Sweet William, and Barber will be kept in reserve for the Melbourne Cup. Coriolanus has his full share in Sst. 71b. ; but Lord Burghley, at the same weight, has got off iu the most remarkable manner ; and, in view of the great pace he showed in the three-miles race at Randwick the other day, it is beyond my comprehension why Barber, Sweet William, and Cunnamulla should be called upon to meet him at a dis advantage at actual weights. Mr. Ivory's stable has a lot of danger in it, for Masquerade, at 8st. 31b., and Master Avenel, with apound more, are quite as well in on figures as is Lord Burghley, and whichever may be the chosen one will be . very troublesome. Hesperian has quite enough in 8st. 71b. ; but Guesswork, Santa Claus, Creswick, The Czar, Sardonyx, and Gipsy Coopier are all nicely in at their respective weights. 'With Sst. 21b. . Liberator may also give trouble, and at 7st. 91b. Sunset cannot complain. Two miles would suit The Gem better than a mile and a-half, otherwise he would have a very hearty ' appearance at 7st. 101b. ; and at the same weight Crystal, tne more than useful son of Blue Gown and Ithaca, may have a serious word to say. The bad-footed Mullyan looks well at fist. 71b.,' and so does Colstoun with 31b. less. I shall have another and a better opportunity of discussing ' The Cup' probabilities before the fall of the flag, when I hope to be able to pick the double, as I did last year, when W heat ear and Master Avenel did the honours for me, and in the meantime yonr readers mav find the winner amongst Mr. Ivory's beet, Gipsy Cooper, Creswick, The Czar, Mullyan, Santa Claus, and the Guineas winner. 