* %-a"qÜ£BB FELLOW TRAVELLER. in .- is in r 2-ply ) ' , ATBUBSTOOT. . Force years ago, I had occasion to take a long journey to the north-a journey which would involve my, travelling all night A few days before I had received an invitation from a friend of mine, who lived at a town which I had to pass, to dine and stay the night at his house ; an invitation which I gladly accepted, as it would prove a pleasant break in the monotony of the journey. I "resolved, therefore, to so arrange matters as to arrive at his house fit time for dinner, and proceed to my destina- tion next morning. When the day arrived I was very busy ; so, after a hurried lunch I packed up a few necessaries and rushed off to Euston, where I arrived with just two minutes to spare. I asked for my train, which the guard pointed out, adding, ''if you don't hurry up, sir, you'll lose it." I took his advice, and jumped into the nearest first-class compartment,' the door of which he soil open, and in which there was but one other occupant' I settled my self for my journey, and for the first time had leisure to observe my fellow-traveller. Now I rather pride myself on being a judge of physiognomy, and my first impressions of him were the reverse of pleasant He was evidently a fidgety, nervous sort of man ; he had restless very eyes, without much expression in them ; while his hair and beard were of a reddish hue. He was dressed in a long letter, which I thought âuitilunnecessary for though it was late in is year, the weather was by no means cold There was on the seat beside him a small of ken box, strongly bound with brass and his eyes were constantly glancing from this box to me in away that I did not at all like. I began to have visions of Fenian plots, infernal machines, and i do not know what. After regarding me for a few minutes, he said, "Is it possible, sir, that you are not aware of this carriage being reserved for State officials 1" , ... I looked around, and, seeing no indication' of the fact! replied that " I was not aware of such being the case." "Then, after he replied, "mustangs fyou instantly to vacate it, and leave me here in some Dry silence." Considering that the train was then going at the rate of about 40 miles an hour, and would not stop until it reached a small station half-way | to my destination in about an hour's time, 11 could not quite see how I was to comply with his request, or rather command and I frankly told him so, adding that "I had as much right there as he had, and did not intend moving." He replied, with a most solemn air " Then your fate be on your own head." , This began to frighten me, for the man's manner convinced me that he must be insane and the prospect of an hour's journey shut up in a first-class railway carriage with a madman was not calculated to raise my spirits However, I put a bold face on the matter, and affected to be engrossed with my newspaper, though in reality I was watching his every movement He suddenly seized hold of the wooden box and held it on his knees, mumbling some inarticulate words, then suddenly placed it beside him. In doing so I caught S glimpse of the butt of a pistol sticking out of his pocket. Here was a pretty dilemma : shut up in a railway carriage with a man who was decidedly insane, and armed with a revolver or pistol, while I had nothing more defensive than an umbrella and a roll of papers which, in consequence of their length, I was compelled to carry in my hand. Presently he began again- " Have you studied the marvellous powers of electricity, may I ask 1" I replied in the negative. " 1 have," said he, " and have arrived at such a pitch of perfection that, aided by the contents of this box, I could blow this train and every- body in it to infinitesimal atoms," , " But," I hazarded, "how about yourself?" "I should calmly mount into the air, and survey the scene without injury." , " How ?" said I. " That," he replied, " is my business } look to yourself." . i Pleasant this, for me I However, I made some remark which seemed to satisfy him and relapsed again into silence. I felt more than ever convinced of his mad ness, thinking he had probably escaped from some private lunatic asylum, for he was evidently a gentleman ; yet I could not understand what the box could be which he guarded so jealously. I felt very sorry for him, in spite of my dangerous situation I then ' tried another tack, and made several common- place remarks to him to all of which he answered in monosyllables, suddenly bursting out with- " " Do you dare address me, sir, without having first disclosed to me what you are Your fair city surprises me !" , ' ' ' > I . of , I thought it best to humour him, and handed him my card, on which was inscribed J. B. Smith, Quality Court." ' of " Ha, I guessed you were a Smith ; you look like one a blacksmith, if I may judge by the smuts on your face." Here he broke into a maniacal laugh. When he had finished laughing he said, "Do you want to know who I am?" i I said I thought I' might as well know his time if he did not mind. I "Well, said he, leaning forward, and peer- ing into my eyes, keeping one hand on the box, "when you first jumped into the carriage I was the Khan of Tartary ; but the wonders of electricity are such that I am even now changing ; I may be anybody in a few hours, or even minutes." I suppose I looked surprised, for he west on, " Ah, you look surprised ; but perhaps you will hardly believe that my temper quite depends on who I may happen to be, Not long ago I was conversing with some friends, and I suddenly changed into the King of Siam, and before they could got out of my way I bit three of their fingers off. You should have seen them scatter. Ha, ha, ha !" ' ' i " Good gracious I" I exclaimed. " You don't mean it I" "0, yes, I do ; but do not be alarmed, I never am so dangerous unless I happen to assume that character." Then he sat quiet, and I was thankful for a little peace. On looking at my watch I found that we had yet another quarter of an hour before the train would stop. How I wished the time away ! for I fully intended to change my carriage at the next stopping station All at once) to my alarm, he said quite uncon- cernedly- ^ ' > ' j " I feel it my solemn duty to, inform you that I am changing, and that in a few minutes shall be the King of Siam " 'J' Instinctively I looked around for some means of escape, at the same time grasping my umbrella firm, resolved at least to sell my fingers dearly. Never shall I forgot the feeling of thankfulness with which I heard the whistle of the tram announcing our approach to the next station I collected my things together near me, so as to be prepared for a hasty exit, the more so as I noticed the feelings of His Majesty of Siam were being worked up to a pitch of excitement, and the way he showed his teeth would have terrified for loss nervous man than myself. As we neared the station the train rWkened speed, and at last stopped. Just as I jumped out the maniac made a spring at me ; but I fortunately avoided him, and slammed the door in his face. I got into the next compartment, which was empty and as the guard closed the door, I called out, " Here, I say, guard, there Wa madman in-" But the whistle drowned thereat of my sentence, and the train moved off before I had time to complete it I sat still as a horrible state of nervousness, expecting I hardly knew what. At last the train stopped at the station for which I was bound, and I jumped out. As I passed the carriage I could see him sitting there quietly and I went into the stationmaster's (room and told him shortly what had happened, saving him to take some means of securing him.,, He, promised to telegraph, but said it was no business of his; and with this assurance I had to be content. I then went off to my friend's house, where I Stayed just in time for dinner. I suppose the traces of my fright still remained for no sooner sure I enter the dining-room than my host exclaimed -,'J^*-y> west as the matter, old man 1 You've i Dot "met a ghost on the road, have you" I - I told him I had seen somebody a good deal worse j than a ghost ; t and during dinner I ra- wed my adventure, upon which they all congratulated me' on my lucky escape. After dinner I went off early to bed, pleading fatigue and the next day's business as my excuse. ' When I awoke in the morning I found my host ready for breakfast, and I joined , him at once, as my train left in an hour a time. As I shook hands with him at the station, he remarked that he should like to hear of the man being caught I transacted my business and as I had time to spare, I turned into the first hotel I came to, and walked up to the billiard-room, where I met Fred Charlton, an old schoolfellow of mine, who was playing billiards with three other fellows. He seemed surprised to see me, and asked me how I got there. I told him I had come down there early that morning and I then proceeded to give a sketch of my adventurous journey of the night before. Fred smiled, and said- v " Ah, yes, old man j I heard something about it." "You heard something?" I said. From whom' ?" " Well, he replied, " I'll tell you all about it for the benefit of the company. Old Harris, the diamond merchant, told me last night that he had just come down from London When he had taken his seat in the carriage at Euston, all alone, just as the train started, some fellow I rushed to his carriage and jumped in Harris said he did not much like the look of the fellow and as he had about eight thousand pounds' worth of diamonds with him in a small box, he t began to feel uncomfortable. He said the stranger was a strong active man, and that, if it had come to a struggle for the diamonds, Harris would have had no chance, for he evidently felt sure the fellow meant robbery ; so he determined to try and frighten him out of the carriage by pretending madness, which he says he did s > effectually that the fellow, in sheer I fright, bolted at the first stoppage, and left him to finish his journey here alone. But we did not know that you were the hero, old man," said Fred, as the whole four burst into such a shout of laughter as I never heard before " You must stay and be introduced to him j afresh ; he will be here to-night." I did not stop to hear anything more. 11 rushed down stairs, thoroughly realising that I had been made a fool, caught the first train for home, and have not shown myself in that neighbourhood some. London Society. 