The Salvation Army. From the London Times we quote the following extracts, descriptive of the opening of the Eagle Tavern and Grecian Theatre by General Booth on behalf of the Salration Army organization:— The Eagle Tavern, Grecian Theatre, and grounds, Shepherdess Walk, City-road—property hitherto comprehensively called " The Bird "—have passed under the entirely new management of the Salvation Army. Certainly General Booth and his army have effected a marvellous transformation in the internal and the external aspects of the premises, the change being one from a condition of dirt and gloom—at all events by daylight— and general neglect to a state of cleanliness, brightness, and freshness ; and from present indications there is no reason to anticipate that the site and buildings, acquired at a cost of £16,700 upon a seventeen years' iease, will suffer from neglect or want of funds to maintain them in proper order. General Booth, in the course of an explanation which he gave, stated that they had to pay a ground-rent of £360 a year, but he confidently reckoned upon their deriving a considerable income, which would not only cover the working expenses, but would go towards recouping them the original outlay incurred. When the Clapton Congress Hall was opened they had no idea of getting it full on the Sabbath; but the fact was every Sunday since it had been opened there was an average attendance of 6,000 people within the Hall, and 4,000 at the services held outside. The average offerings were from £25 to £30 weekly. In carrying on the war and making the enemy pay, it was found to answer commercially. The Regent's Hall, though they had to pay a yearly rental of £1,000, more than paid its working expenses. The average offerings there were £35 weekly, and the Salvationists worshipping in the Hall liad been able to give £100 towards the purchase of the Eagle, etc., besides a goodly sum towards the Clapton Hall. At Camberwell and in Whitechapel they had been similarly successful in attracting the multitude and in obtaining funds. The permanent success of the Army lie predicted would rest upon the soundness of its doctrines. It was said that when the novelty wore off they would be landed in the Bankruptcy Court, but if they were, the nation would relieve them of their pecuniary difficulties, as it could not now get on without them When the novelty was over, they would substitute for it discipline, drill, system, and intelligence. Their work was of God, and they relied upon the preaching of the simple Gospel of Jesus Christ, with the power of the Holy Ghost sent down from Heaven, just as it was preached 1,800 years ago. Replying to questions, the General said he was a licensed victualler now, and by the terms of the lease should take out a license yearly, but no intoxicating liquor should be sold on the premises while he had any control over them. The General, replying to criticisms upon himself, said he would give a magnificent percentage to any one who could prove that he was making large sums of money out of the Army. The whole of the property of the Army was registered as belonging to the Army, and he had no power whatever to personally appropriate it or any part of it. If he did 60, there was a sharp legal remedy against him. Their adverse critics were not the people who gave them money, but those who were anxious to see other people's money properly managed. The Army had nothing whatever to conceal. Theninterest was in living before the public, not only letting the public know what they were doing, but why they did it. Before he went to Glory, where he hoped to go, he wished to make some arrangement which would secure this movement in perpetuity and stability. Against the advice of his friends, he had determined to secure the Eagle and Grecian, which were known as a moral cesspool. Nearly every kind of iniquity had been practised there. He concluded with an earnest appeal for funds towards the liquidation of the debt upon the buildings. Mrs. Booth, during the course of some remarks, stated that in one procession of the Army which she recently witnessed, there were no fewer than 400 reclaimed drunkards. Burglars, housebreakers, robbers of all kinds, and wife-beaters were to be counted in the ranks of the Army. All the criticisms and all the lies the Devil could invent would not be able to stop the progress of the Army. Contributions were announced, ranging from £500, £350, and £200, to Is. [With reference to the branch of the Army Adelaide, we have been informed that Captain Sutherland has left Adelaide for Sydney, to commenco operations there, and that Captain Unsworth will leave, per the Garonne, on a short visit to England.] 