"VALES NG MAN. AN OLD STORY RE-TOLD. In thnso so-called pood old days when gentlemen of belligorent proclivities woro wont to handle ono another at all times with out gloves, there happened the following epi sode It waa in tho murky .and foggy November days, or rather on ono of November's even ings, that a tall, muscular, fvcsh-facod and close-ahaven traveller missed his path across lots to an out-of-the-way railroad statiou. After roaming aud struggling in marshy places for an hour or so without meeting a living soul or noting oven the vestige of a dwelling, his heart bounded with delight as ho saw a glimmer of light in the distance. It did not take him many minutes to draw near to the cheerful sign of civilisation, and to discover that tho light shone from a little window, and with just sutficiont brilliancy to enable hhn to read on a swinging sign, which made a goblin-like disturbance, the welcome words, painted by no master-hand, MBADOW HOTEL. AILCS AND POUTER, MELES, BORED AND LOGIN. 4 This was tho soleovidonco of the quaint old place—over which a fow tall trees moaned and . sighed like mauy- armed'giant ghosts— boing a a hostelry : but it was as cheering to the weary traveller at that momont as it it had been the gilded insignia of a palace hotel. Without a moment's hesitation he rapped at the closet door. Voices which ho had heard suddenly ceased, and, after a minute's silenco, the door was onened by a rough, unkomp: man, with a veiy reu face. "My frieud," said the traveller, "I havo loBt my way, and would like some supper and a bed. I suppose you can accommodate mo." "You're welcome to what we've got," re- -plied mino host, after he had eyed tho wayfarer keenly, and his friendly tone indicated that ho bad been favorably impressed by the other's appearance. As he ushered tho strangor in, the latter, had he not been oblivious for the moment of all but the fact that he was in a warm and cosy, if not plain apartraont. would .have probably heard the landlord whisper to two rough- looking men, with very closely-cropped hair : "Ho sintno beak, boys." Tho traveller threw off his overcoat, and, taking a seat near the stove, prepared to do justice to some bread and a foauung mug of ale, which'had been promptly placed bsforo him. The others, renewing their conversa tion, but in low tones, soon seemed to forget the stranger's presence, which no doubt; suited him well enough : for, taking a book from his pocket, he became absorbod in its contents. An hour later he was disturbed in bis occupation by the landlord, who said : "The old woman's got your bed ready, sir. Maybe your'e tired, an' bad as leave turn In V' "Yes, I'm quite ready for a good night's rest, my friend," replied the traveller, Ashe took the lamp from the tablo he nod ded to the trio, and said " Goodnight" plea- santly. He thought they looked at him strangely as he left the apartment ; but lie was not a nervous person, uor a coward ; therefore it did not cause him any uneasiness, and the landlord, having led the way upstairs, showed him into a small room, with a clean looking bed in it. "Good-night" was court eously exchanged, and mino host rejoined his friends below stairs. "Is that bloke a friend of yours, Jim?" asked one as he went behind a rude bar to draw afresh mug of ale. "No," he answered; "I never sot ray. eyes on him afore to-night. He seems a .decent, sort of a chap, aud talks likes a acholard." "Well," said the other, "I'll be choked if I wasn't taken all of a heap I never sea such a Jikeness. If I hadn't ha' knowed that the Hoboken Chicken was safe - and snug in his bSdnpaJauSi I could ha' sworn that that chap was him, 'pept bi9 hair's a good deal shorter. "And just his quiet way, too, when he's tired or got anything on his mind." " Only the Hoboken Chicken a'nfc quite so softspoken," said the first speaker with a. knowing wink. Not by considerable," said the other ; and then they all laughed as they eyed one another significantly. It was almost dark, although ncaring six o'clock in the morning, when a door opened upstairs, and the two men, the friends of mine host, already alluded to, moved stealthily to wards tho stranger's apartment. They entered and closed the door. The occupant o the bed was snoring. Ono of the men struck a match and tried to light the lam. But hi efforts were futile. It flamed up for a second, spluttered and went out. There was no oil in the lamp. " I guess we can manage him," said one. " Get him out ; he's an awful hard sleeper." Without ceremony the two pounced on the sleeping man, aud at once begun pounding and rubbing him with a rough towel. He was now thoroughly awakened, and, dazed and alarmed, struggled to freo himself from their clutche?,at the saino time crying out in a very hoarse voice, for his cold had much increased through sleeping in a room which had never known a fire, and in which the sun never fcbono. " What does this menn ? Let me go." " Oh, yes, my hearty ; we'll let you go in five minutes. Come, now, take it like a lamb. You'll be woko up directly, and them you'll thank us for a-doing it." "But this is an outrage," cried the unfortu nate traveller. " Of course, it is. My eye, what a cold the ' bloke's got. But he's a tough 'un. It won't borthiin," In a few minutes the two men got on the traveller's cl thes, and, almost strangling him with a huge comforter, groped their way down stairs with their prisoner, who, with a sigh, gave himself up to consequences. He thought that resistance with these rough men might lead to bodily Injury— besides, his throat gave him such pain that he became faint. He told them, however, that they were welcome to the twenty dollars he had with him, and begged them not to injure him for the sake of biB wife and children. " Blowed if he ainta-dreamincr ?' said one. " Ho was always a rum cove," replied the other. " He'll be himself directly, as soon as be gets into the fresh air." " Just to keep the cold out of his innards," said hie companion, as he made the unhappy man swallow about a tablesj>oonful of whisky. The traveller was devoid of neither courage nor physical strength ; but ho knew well that be would not have the ghost of a chance against such odds. So he bided his time, although alarmed, curious to learn the denoue ment of this strango case of kidnapping. His voice, weak' before, was now so feeble that he could scarcely articulate. Each taking an rm they hurried along in silence, only now affejjhed alluding to his "dogged natur'" and supposing Jhat it was " best to humor him." / Human p&t;&Dce; and endurance, however, itJiftve their limit- Slid suddenly! their prisoner te arms' fror.i&eir; ffrasp and with the exclamation " ittlfl-iff ! dealt them each a blow which staggered then). Then, talcing to his heels, he flew like' fcno vYlnd, h$ knew not whither. As soon as they had recovered from their astonishment, the men looked at each other, and then laughed until their sides ached. Then, shaking their heads waggishly, they declared it was " just like him," and strode after the fugitive. The escaped prisoner ran on at the top of hts speed, and passing through a little bit of a wood, came suddenly upon a crowd of men, who gazed upon him much surprised, and then, with much concern in his tones, and a few non-repeatable oaths, one of them hoped his eyes would ba— well dimmed— if it wasn't"that there Hoboken Chicken." Our friend looked on and listened, and, more bewildered than over, allowed them to lead him to a booth close by, where two of the crowd, swearing at him the while, asked : him whether it was his intention that they 1 should lo.so "the pile they'd laid on him. " But no sooner was the comforter off his ears and his overcoat unbuttoned at the throat, than, with mouth and evea wide open, the crowd cried iu chorus : "This aint the Chicken." Aud they im mediately added : "You don't mean to call . yonrself Tho Hoboken Chicken, do you? . Come, you can't gammon us like that. Who the devil are you, anyhow ' " "Really," replied our traveller, "I almost begin to doubt my own identity. . At home I am known as the Rev John lliggina." Then, as they all left tho booth to seek Mr Hiftgins' captors, tho reverend gentleman „ „,j\daed, as he turned to a sporting looking per son in the crowd : " Pray, sir, can you tell mo the nature ol 1 this meeting? Is it a revival ?" At the sound of his voice the person ad dressed quickly turned, and as ho gazed at tho parson bis face grew white, and he would havo moved away without responding. But tho parson was too quick for him. He had recpg. nized an old acquaintance, and joyfully cried jis be seized his hand : "My dear Dacep Eowler, don't yon kpow A mo? Ab, this meeting must bo fqr roviva purposes, or. you would not be in its midst." Never was deacon moro sleopish -looking than Bowlr, as ho stammered out : "Hush, Mr Higgins. Wo shall get into trouble if it is known who wo aro. Wo shall be disgraced forever, and will not daro show our faces at home again." ' For Heaven's sake, don't sneak in parables! What does this crowd mean ? " "Whisper I" The parson lent an ear, "Prize-fight." " What ! " "Prize fight. Look at tho ropes. .Didn't yon come to see it ? " " The Lord forbid ! " Then ho addod solemnly : " Did you, deacon ? " " Woll, I'm afraid I did, Mr Higgins." There was a long pause— to tho deacon an awful pause. With a long- drawn sign tho par son took'tho backslider's arm and walkod nim away briskly from tho scene. No 0110 inter fered, for at that moment tho roal "Hoboken Chicken" appeared on tho scone, and was swearing like a trooper at his two assistants, who had mado so stupid a blunder, Tho parson and tho deacon got homo all right. On tho way tho deacon said timidly : "Is this to bo montionod at home, Mr Higgins ?' "I think not, deacon," repliod the parson ; aud Mr Bowler's lugubrious expression was changed for one of poace and contentment. On tho following day tho deacon whispered tho parson : "Yon won that fight yesterday. Tho Hobo ken Chicken got away with his man." And tho parson tried to look severe. But a smilo was on his lips, and ho went on his wav with amerry twinkle in his oyo.- -Extract. 