MELBOURNE. (from our owx correspondent. } Thursday Evening. Some sensation -was caused this morn ing by the issue of a slip from the Argus office, with the news that 600 cases of small-pox had occurred at the Capo of Good Hope, and that many of them had resulted fatally. The Central Hoard of Health have received a letter from Dr. Bone, Health Officer at Castlcmaine, conveying infor mation which, the writer thiuks, may throw some light upon the case of sup posed small-pox at Hamilton. Dr. Bone states that a short time ago he attended the family of Mr Mitchell, coachbuilder, Castlemainc, some members of which were suffering from chicken- pox. Mr Mitchell afterwards went to Hamilton, where he lodged in the same house with the patient Wright (now in quarantine), and was intimate with him. Mr Mitchell has since returned to Castlemaine, and is now under surveillance. There is, it seems, more than a proba bility of trouble over the settlement of the claims of the State on the insurance companies which took risks over the Go vernment printing offices, recently much damaged by fire. The Government esti mate the loss at a little over £18,000, of which about £3300 is for the building, and the remainder for stock and machi nery, but the companies at present re fuse to pay over more than about £10,000 altogether, and intimato that, rather than pay the amount claimed for damages to the building, they will rebuild the parts destroyed at their own cost. Major Free man, the representative of the compa nies, had an interview with the Secre tary of Public Works on Tuesday, and it was arranged that the Government should draw up a detailed schedule of their claims, which will be submitted to the companies. In the meantime the matter will, no doubt, be brought before the Cabinet. . It has been arranged that the remains of Heenan, the person supposed to have been poisoned by the man Burns, who is now awaiting his trial for another mur der, shall be exhumed from the Ararat cemetery on Saturday week, the 7th October. Mr Johnson, the Government analyst, is to be present at the exhuma tion. Elijah Upjohn, the public executioner and flagellator, is by no means the repul- sive-looking being that he has been de- scribed, but, unfortunately, he is any- thing but a model character, and follows the example of his predecessor in committing himself when he is out of gaol. Yesterday he grossly mis- behaved himself in the presence of some respectable women, and was fined £10, or three months' imprisonment, at the City Court to-day. Life in a savage community would surely bo boyond all comparison prefer able to that which is lived by some of the wretched and lawless inhabitants of the back slums here. The evidence given against a man named Samuel Popham, at tho Police Court this morning, disclosed a state of things not at all uncommon. This interesting individual called at the house of Louisa Wilson, in Little Leichardt-strect, and requested, or rather demanded, dinner. Her reply being lin- | favorable, he seized her by tho throat, kicked her " all over tho street," and smashed everything breakable in tho place with an iron bar. His next pro ceeding was to seize a knife, with the evi dent intention of disposing of her. She seized a tin pan as a headpiece, and dis played it this morning with numerous holes in it. For two months Mrs Wilson will not fear a visit from Mr Popham. The general traffic manager of tho Victorian Railways has reported in favor of a substantial reduction in freights be tween Portland and Hamilton, in order to compete with the water traffic ; and Mr Bent has approved of his recommen dations. The Kelson, which leaves for Siam to morrow, takes no fewer than 220 liosrsc which have been purchased hero for the King of Siam by Captain Leonowens, who was specially deputed by His Majesty to make largo investments in Australian ] horseflesh for army purposes. Some kan garoos, opossums, and other animals pe culiar to this part of the world are also being sent to the King, who has a taste for zoology. The Hunt Club race meeting, which takes place at Flemington next Saturday, is not causing much activity amongst the bookmakers, and it looks as if operations will be confined to the paddock. Euchre | was scratched for the Open Steeplechase this afternoon, and Tho Ghost for the Flat ltace. We have, it seems, not heard the last of Mr Merry's claim against the Govern ment for compensation in connection with the Gcelong railway. Three or four years ago ho filed a bill in equity, but tho suit was defeated on a demurrer. To-day lie applied to Mr Justice Molesworth for leave to amend the bill, and the applica tion was granted. Very contradictory cvidenco was given at tho Police Court to-day, in tho course of the hearing of a charge against a Miss Cunningham, of having the bar of her hotel open on Sunday. Constablo By soutli and another policeman swore posi tively that they found three men in tho bar, whilst Miss Cunningham swore just | as positively that only one was there, and that he went in accidentally. Tho bench dismissed the case, but said they placed tho fullest reliance upon tho ovidenco of ] the constables. There is little doubt that many indi viduals have owed their death to the fa cility with which poisons for the extermi nation of rats and other vermin can be obtained, notwithstanding that the salo of | poison is supposed to be subject to strin gent regulations. With a view of show ing their determination to put a stop to the practice, tho Pharmaceutical Society have taken steps to bring tho offenders to justice, and to-day Mrs Behan, grocer, of King-street, appeared on summons, charged with selling that poison. The offence was proved, and the evidence showed that the tin contaiucd enough poi son to destroy 43 persons. The case being the first, the Bunch imposed a nominal fine of Is. The favorable reception which Mr j Fisher's Sweep Repression Bill met with in the Assembly yesterday evening makes | it extremely probable that it will become law, and, indeed, the opponents of the measure did not make out a very strong case. Mr Walsh's objections were based principally on a fear that the bookmakers' business would be incrciiscd ; and Dr. Madden's strongest argument was that the measure would prove inoperative. If it does fail to bring tho sweep ists to book, and so realise Dr. Madden's anticipations, no harm will have been done, but Mr Zox will have the satisfaction of scceing sweeps continue. If, on the other hand, the bill is successful, it may be that tho harm to the community, which is supposed to result from an increase of business to the bookmakers, will be more than counter balanced by the good which will result from abolishing the temptation to reck less investment, which thousands do not seem strong enough to withstand. The tendency of modern legislation has been to repression in the direction of | gambling, because it is felt to bo inimical , to the well-being of the community. It cannot be denied that tho sweep system is an incentive to gambling, and there fore should be put down. 