ffialea, DICK MASSEY: A TALE OF THE IEISH EVICTIONS CHAPTER XVII. PABSONS' APOLOGY. BI T. O'NEIIX BTJSSELI/. MONDAY evening was not long coming, and nnflooner did the clock strike five than Par- ; amed out, dressed with the most conmmmate care and good taste Hi* garments ware of the costliest kind, but of the plainest material and make. He knew well that anything in the way of finery would not suit a man possessing such a plain face and awkward figure as his. No ring sparkled on Ms fingers, not even a gold watch-chain or cold shirt-stud did the " love-shaked" Parsons sport. His horse was in perfect keenine with himself; so were the equip- S s of the horse. The latter were of the verv best quality, but plain as plain could be. Never before had the owner of Etmgrove taken finch pains to dress; never had he ment so long a time before the looking-glass. Tet he appeared as if he wer& only in his everyday costume, such were the perfect ease and self-possession of manner he displayed, •whether dressed for a ball or equipped for a day's grouse shooting. Indeed, it was often said by the country people that no one had ever seen Parsons in a fluster except once, and that was the day of the hunt, when Dick Massey dragged him off his horse, and when Tom Nolan threatened to shoot him iiatedwith his own revolver. ^ i Clara was so used to look out for Dick riding up the avenue, that on the evening of the dinner party she was posted at her usual place in the drawing-room window, and was the first to espy Parsons as he rode leisurely up to the hall door. She called her sister, pointed to the approaching figure of .her swain, and asked her if she was not delighted at the idea of meeting once more the " dogmurderer," as Clara nearly always desig- Parsons. Fanny looked at both man and horse as they slowly wound their way up the long and tortuous avenue, with a stolid, halfwondering stare; she could not take her eyes ofi them. Clara noticed her dreamy gaze, and said, laughing :— " Well, Fanny, I declare you are smitten ! How intently you watoh your gallant knight! I declare he is not so very hideous after all." " Really, Clara, I wish he hadn't been asked. I feel very, sorry I assure you, *" iA ' am afraid we may get into' trouble." / -"- "Nonsense, girl!'' rejoined Clara, "I promise myself a rare bit of fun. I wonder what he will say about Dick ?" Parsons' knock, was soon heard at the door ; and as the servant showed him into the drawing-room, poor Fanny's countenance displayed the greatest consternation and excitement ; while her livelier sister oonld, with difficulty, restrain herself from laughing in hie face. But the odd and opposite expression on the faoes of the two young ladies did not embarrass the cool and self-possessed Parsons in the least. He saluted both most courteously ; and every word, look, and gesture bespoke the gentleman and the man of the world. There were no ladies except the two Miss Hutchinsons; for Clara made it a point not to invite any in order that there should be no dancing, knowing that if there was, there wonld not be an opportunity to hear Parsons talk. There were four or five gentlemen, two of whom were neighbours of the Hutchinsons.; the others were Frenohmen, whose acquaintance Mr. Hntchinson had made when living on the Continent. The dinner may be passed over ; there was not much conversation, for dinner is not the place for that. It was not until seated in the drawing- room that anyone ventured to say much. Parsons never displayed his tact to better advantage than in the way he managed to get seated next Fanny, not only at the, dinner table, but also in the drawing-rooin/ She would rather have sat beside anyone else; and two of-the foreigners endeavoured to out-maneeuvte Parsons and get seated next her ; but they were signally defeated, for he retained his position by her side during tbe whole evening. • If nature had been rather sparing of her favours with respectto Parsons' exterior, she made ample amends by endowing him with conversational powers of the very .highest Order.. He astonished Clara by the extent of, his knowledge no less than by the polish, of his manner. Hearing Fanny make some remark in French, he at once commenced •peaking in that language, and spoke it'with' aamuoh ease as English. Not only was he perfeotly au fait ,in Frenoh, hut he knew- German and' Italian almostequally well ,* and he contrived to dhow hisprofioienoy as.a linguist without ostentation, or evincing a desire to appear learned. Suoh were Jiis.. conversational pow.era that both Clara, and Fanny, and even their father, forgot ibr a long time all about the subjeots they most T^h8d to'inteo3nde; ! ; aiid even whenthey did think of them^they '-found it extremely difficult to torn .theconversation as .they wsireel, such was the interest with whioh the test of thegnesta listened to PAnons: Not^ttatMidiughaying to talk more or less With Breiyone iri the room, he never tookhis attention! from' Fanny; ahewaa the centre of attraction 0 for 3dm ; and though he had a Word • for - everyone,. he had,always whole sentences for her. -•-•»•.-. Clara was vexed at Fanny's demureness, and at the quiet way she listened to Parsons, without giving herself the trouble to introduce new subjects. At last, Clara made a bold effort, and succeeded in introducing the subject of land. She knew it would very naturally lead to the fox hunt, Buscar, and Dick. Parsons saw, at a glance, that Hennessy had not deoeived him as to the object of his being invited to Moyclare. Now came the most difficult part of the performance. Parsons would have to play the hypocrite, and to tell monstrous lies; but the doing of both was not a very hard task for him, especially as he had made up his mind to do so. He nover lost sight of the grand object, the winning of Fanny; and to succeed in which, he would have been contented to affect being turned saint, and to tell lies by the bnshel. "The fact is, Miss Hntchinson," said Parsons, in reply to a very pointed question of Clara's, which was, if be thought the wholesale clearing of estates, so much in vogue, right—"The fact is, Miss Hutchinson, people very often do whit's wronsr, not from any great predisposition itt themselves towards evil, but merely from not thinking. How often have we seen most excellent men submit the whole management of their property to an agent; and if that agent chooses to be hard and exacting, and to obtain tne highest possible rent for the land under his control, all, or at least most, of the odium rests with the landlord, when, in reality, he may not be aware of how his rents are collected, or what sums were wrung from the unfortunate tenants, by force or fraud." " But don't you think, Mr. Parsons," said Clara, " that those possessing land have a right to look after it themselves,' and not leave all to another, especially if it be let out to small farmers ?" "Most decidedly, Miss Hutchinson," replied Parsons, "if you could only get all landlords to think that such is their duty. Many of the large landowners in Ireland, at least, do not live in the country, nor have they the slightest sympathy with their tenants; they do not understand their habits, disposition or ideas; they cannot be made to comprehend the tenacity with which the Irish peasant clings to the spot on which he was born and brought up. Take, for instance, an Englishman from London or Manchester, or some of the manufacturing districts; plenty of men of that class own land in this country; he would speak of noticing a tenant to give up his land, just as he would speak of noticing a tenant in one of the most populous parts of Manchester, to give up his house, never thinking that, the land should be dearer to the one, than the house ise to the other. If you expostulajaj iih. him, he would most likely say, tj^ES those in. -Levicted " couldr take other farms, never thinking that.perhaps, there were no others to be got. Thus, it is, that men are continually doing evil throngh ignorance." " Bat those landlords who are living in the country, and yet doing their best to get rid of the human part of the occupiers of their property, have no such excuses to make," said Clara, as she looked steadily at Parsons to try if the pointed remark would cause any change in his impassive features; but it did not. He replied :— " It is quite possible, Miss Hutchinson, for one to be living in the country, and in the possession -of large estates, and yet ignorant of the most important matters connected with the management of landed property. Some men have the gift of discerning right from wrong, and the peculiar duties of their position, at a glance; but all are not thus gifted. I think I might safely say that very few are; most have to learn ; and it may happen that a man may find himself a mere novice in his calling, at a time of life when he would flatter himself, he was more fitted to be a teacher than a pupil." Clara looked at Parsons again; but this time it was in astonishment. Could it be that hB wa$ under the impression that he had been doing wrong? Although sitting quite close to "Fanny, he strange to say, was not looking ather, for his eyes were fastened on the floor, as he supported his left arm in his' right hand, while his fingers were pressed to his forehead. He seemed buried iii deep,thought. Soon looking up, he said to Fanny:— . . ' . " Do you take as much interest in those matters as your sister, Miss Fanny F" " Well; yes—that'is, : latterly.-' " Wfry might I-ask ?" •" Ioan't exaotlyeay, unless it was having heard young Mr. Massey's; speech (at the unt." '•<••••.'"•..•, \- Poor Fanny actually gasped for, breath, and she fanoied Parsons oould hear her heart bsa^. She had been.'' sorewing her courage to , ,the sticking point" ever since the conversation turned on land. The chance arsons had given her of speaking about the unt was too'good tobe passedover. Clara ooked at her with sparkling- eyes, as much s to say, I forgive you for all the lime yon asted,- for having made so good an answer. But-Fanny heeded not Clara's approving ook, she was so much frightened at what heltadaaidi Parsons was not in the least disconcerted. e looked steadUj a^.xmWjr ^Faimy, as, e said:— "Yea—I reoollect—you ana your sister ere there." ' " "." . THerewas a Bilenoe after Paraons spoke. T«i£h*r of the ladies had the coinage to say nother w^rd about [a subject, which «u£ht obesuohavery sore one to tie individual t their side. The silenoe .might have lasted ong -enough, had »ot:jBar8onB,.with the greatestgravity, remarked :r-r., ; . v c . - *'<Wbata queer/piece of business ,that was, was it not?" " Yes," replied Clara, who began to feel dreadfully nervous, " it was near ending unfortunately." " It was, indeed," said Parsons, in his usual quiet manner; "but, luckily, it only resulted in the death of a dog. Tfcere, you see, is another instance of what wrong things people may do through ignorance." " How is that ? I don't quite understand yon," said Clara. " Would it appear incredible to yon that I did not know who owned the dog, until I saw young Mr. Massey lift him up ?" asked Parsons, as he looked steadily at both Fanny and Clara. " Well, yes—that is—I thought you knew to whom the dog belonged,"' said Clara, hesitatingly. " I might have known, had I only taken the trouble to find out; but I was so much annoyed and fretted at having our day's sport spoiled, that I never minded anything about whose dog it was that had done the mischief. All I cared for was to make sure that such another catastrophe could never be caused by the same animal again." " But did you not hear Mr. Massey making an apology ?" asked Clara, utterly confounded by what Parsons had just said. " I. might have heard it, I dare say, Mifs Hutchinson," replied he in the blandest tone —" but I happened, as you may remember, to be rather on the outside of the crowd, I therefore had not a good opportunity of noticing strangers, especially when they should happen to be on foot. In a word, I was so vexed at the fox being killed, that everything else seemed as nothing. I daresay if the ghost of my father were to appear daring the interval that elapsed from the fox being killed, until Mr. Massey was near being killed also, I would hardly have recognised him. It is exceedingly wrong for anyone to let trifles annoy them; but you know we are at best—and even the best of us— but creatures of impulse. I often lamented, and lamented deeply, having shot Mr. Massey's dog ; but as I have never taken the trouble to tell my repentance to anyone, I suppose most think I did it from hate towards his master." "The best place to explain the matter would have been on the plaoe it happened, and at the same time," said Clara, hardly able to suppress a smile as she remembered the way the ruffian had ridden off, looking the picture of defeated rage and exposed villainy. "No doubt it would"," replied Parsons, still cool, polite, and affable; "but then, you know, we cannot always see at a glanoe the right course to pursue. If that faculty were more liberally distributed amongst mankind than it is, the world would be saved a great deal of sorrow and suffering. 'Jaresay 1 my nerves are not as firm as I would wish ;" and - ~ you know what ' rough handling "* I got from Mr. Massey and his man. That, in all probability, hindered me from giving an explanation. At all events, I never did explain it; and was content to let a young man, whom I never saw but once, and whom I did not remember till after some time, vilify my character, and speak very hard things of me, indeed. However, it is my firm oonviction, were the whole affair traced to its source, that Mr. Massey acted, in a great measure, .at least, without consideration. I was wrong for having shot his dog —he was wrong for having pulled me off my horse—and his man was wrong for having attempted to shoot me ; and from beginning to end all the misfortune was caused by not thinking. However, 'all's well that ends welland most certainly that day's business ended well; for Mr. Massey's speech, although not entirely unobjectionable, was, notwithstanding, a masterpiece of eloquence and passion. A great pity such a highlygifted young man should not adopt one of the learned professions; he would make hia fortune." All the hypocrisy and mammoth lieB contained in the last paragraph were lost on Clara. Its ending in an eulogium on Dick made her eyes sparkle with delight, and banished all thoughts of everything save him. Fanny was unable to make another remark. The feat of boldly introducing the awful topic, so quietly discussed by Mr. Parsons, seemed to have left her without power to take any further part in the conversation. But the cool Nathaniel did not want to lose his valuable time saying nothing. He came to woo, to play the hypocrite, and to tell lies, and he very naturally imagined that not to do any of the three was to lose time. "Don't you think, Miss Hutchinson," said he, 'addressing Clara, but still maintaining his position by Fanny's side—" don't you think it is Always well to hear both sides of a subject, and that people ought never set down an act to malice prepense, without carefully weighing and examining both its antecedents and causes P" "Indeed, sir," replied Clara, "I believe there is nothing worse than jumping too hastily at conclusions; but, I mnst siay, that, in the present case, the circumstances woultt lead one to believe that Mr. Massey had strong grounds for supposing that poor Bnsoaat might be yet alive had he belonged to just, so," coolly rejoined Parsons. "«gee what a ready. tongue suspicion hath 1' It often happens that people are-contented to let slander fasten on "them, when an explanation would be accompanied with 80 many difficulties. I knew all the difficulties of imp case; : and"that -very knowledge one reason for my not haying taken te^f 1 trouble to make a defence/' * ^ Olarasaw how readilyParsons talkedof^a subject whioh ought to have been & hateful one to him; so she determined to draw .JW out pa jnpoh as possible; eQ>edaIly as^ll ® " rest of the gne^4*gatfeer tad the drawing-room, and there seemed not much fear of their coming to disturb them. " It one were to judge by what Mr. Massey said, it was a former interview between you and him that led to the misunderstanding," said Bhe. "Yes," replied Parsons; "and I assure you, Miss Hntchinson, so entirely had that interview passed from my memory, that it was not until Mr. Massey alluded to it in his speech that I remembered it, or recognised lum." " He had grown in the interval, j)e:h>jps," said Clara hardly able to suppre-~ >L .^mile. "He might, I dare say.' continued Parsons; "but I cannot t'ink ic was entirely that. I remember to have been very busily engaged one daj", rather more than a year ago, having just returned from a three months' tour on the Continent—aud I need hardly tell you what an amount of business accumulates for an Irish landlord during three months—when, to my surprise, a great tall young man stalked into the study. He was a perfect stranger to me ; and I must be candid, and acknowledge that there was a queer kind of brusqucric in his manner that frightened me somewhat; and the cause of it perhaps was, that he felt his errand to be such a very curious one : and it was no other than that I should consent to allow a tenant, whose farm was out of lease, and who had caused threatening notices to be served on me, to remain in possession of her land. The Widow Conroy was her name, if my memory serves me right. I don't suppose it would ever have entered my head to dispossess her, except for having received those Rockite notices. I refused Mr. Massey in as polite and gentlf-mmilike a way as I could; but he, young and hot-headed, and, most- likely, never being used to have his desires thwarted, got rather out of sorts at the refusal. A few hot words passed between us. I never gave the matter another thought, until it was thrust on my memory the day of the hunt. So, now you see, Miss Hutchinson," continued Parsons, with a placid yet triumphant smile, "how misunderstandings alone may make deadly enemies of those, who might, by a quiet explanation, remain friends continually." " It was a pit.y the explanations did not come sooner," said Clara, as she held her head down, half afraid to encounter the steady gaze of Parsons; "if they had, I suppose no publicity would have been given to the matter." "Yes, true," rejoined Parsons, "but then you and I and all the rest would not have had the pleasure of hearing Mr. Massey's speech." Parsons* reply utterly confounded Clara. She said to herself, he must be either a true convert, or the most arch-hypocrite under the sun. " Then, ^SjVJpe, jSir, since you admire it so much, ysu^W® act on some of its principles." Clara felt her sister tugging at her skirt so vehemently, that her dress seemed in danger of being torn. Fanny, of course, thought matters were going a little too far; but Clara determined to push the subject to the uttermost, notwithstanding what Parsons might either say or think. " What principles do you allude to, Miss Hntchinson?" ask Parsons, quite goodhumonredly. "Why, those of humanity," said Clara; " not to turn out any more tenants, except for non-payment of rent, fraud, or something of that kind." "To tell you the truth, Miss Hutohinson," said Parsons, "it has often struck me latterly, that perhaps milder measures thaa I have been in the habit of using towards my tenants, might answer all purposes equally well, if not better ; and here let me beg to return to my old plea, namely that of not thinking. It is my firm conviction that one may be doing wrong half his life through ignorance. Of course, I do not mean to say that I have the exouse of an absentee to make; but then, I have lived, as you may be aware, a very large portion of my life abroad; and it is only quite recently that I have begun to think of the peculiar turn of mind of the Irish small farmer, and of the tenacity with which he endeavours to cling to the spot where he was born. I dare say, if a sinuliar request to the one Mr. Massey made me, were to be made now, I would not give it a refusal so abruptly, at least not without thinking it over." (To be continued.) NEW DIBEAHE AMONG HOBSB3 .—An epizootic disease, to which the name of "pink eye" has been popularly given, has lately been irevalent among the horses of Ohio and tVestern Pennsylvania. It is really a species of influenza, in which all the symptoms which characterise the disease in the human subject are present. LangoUr, disinclination for exertion, headache, weeping from the res, red and puffy 'eyelids, discharge from uie nostrils, and swelling of the legs, with mucbi general fever, are among the symptoms. There is no tronble with the lungs, nor any oongh, as in the aggravated pulmonary influenza. The disease lasts from three to ten days; and with good nurring and rest disappears without any seoondary comphcations. ""_'.'.' . " < Ix has been estimated that 378,15l' pew<«i «axiy on underground employment' in OrMtt Britain, WOiking in galleries extending over 'itt ltest&8>,744 miles. The greatest depth of theeoalminesis reportedat 3800 feet below the earth'* surface. Should the tunnfiTbe completed between Dover and Cal^s, at form only 1.30th ofl rpOTCffltj(rf tte. 