THE NATURALIST. THE ZOOLOGICAL AND ACCLI MATISATIOH SOCIETY. The new policy adopted by the Acclimati sation Society is one which most prove very satisfactory to the public. The Government having at length given .leave to make a small charge at the gatea on all days of the week excepting Sunday, the society have resolved to endeavour to make the gardens worthy of the colony, and to give the public a Bight really worth seeing for their money. They : intend to procure from time to time, as their ' finances permit them, batches of new animals ! from foreign conntries, and these animals will form ever new attractions to the pretty gardens. The society contemplates shortly sending to New Zealand for the many curious specimens of birds indigenous to that country and unknown in any other. The Indiaa animals which have already arrived may be looked on as the forerunners of others to come, for the fauna of India are notoriously very numerous and varied. Those that have already arrived are singularly good specimens of their kind, and a abort description of the habits- of Borne of them may prove inter esting to our untravelled readers. The two specimens of thefelida are the Bengal tiger (Ftl*8 Tiffrit), and the Chaos oat ( Ghana Libyans or Felis (Jhaut.) The tiger is .found through all India, from Cap&Comorin; to the FfjmnUyfta and even on hills as Jiigh as 7,000ft. It oommonly prefers; to haunt forests and jungles, only visiting the open country when in search of its prey. The average size of a fnil-grown male tiger is from 9ft. to 9Jft. in length; and though in India " tiger stories" are as common as " snake stories" in Aus tralia, and tigers there art mentioned as attaining lengthB only equalled by out snakes when described by imaginative snake* killers, yet no good ground appears to exist for supposing that they do attain a greater ? length than that mentioned. They are natu , rally cowardly, skulking animals, and light, 'only when driven to bay or when wounded, ' A uger will kill a cow about once a week, so i that hiB destructivsness will be seen to be i very neat. When once a tiger takes to killing i man he cues for nothing else than human flesh, and man-slaying tigers willxiak much in quest of their favourite food. In the Mundlah i district, east of Jubbulpore, in 1856 and ! previous yean, on an average two or these i hun ired villagers were killed yearly. Mr. I Wood alleges that a tigress has been known to cross with the .nan; this was when animals were in captivity, but the young i hybrids died before reaching maturity. t The next specimen of the same family is the 1 Chaos, or common jungle cat qf India. This, . is also common all over India, and frequents i both jungles and the open country. It is ex tremely destructive to gams and poultry. It I crosses freely trith the domestic cat. In Ut i shape and movements, it curiously resembles (the tiger. The sptoSmens of Indian stabs I ue the eo>called '^Entellus " monkeys [Pr*+ '? bj/tis entdhuiL Thi> oommon nans of these j in Bengal «&d; Central India is " bangu," or ! Bunumftn (long jaw). These monkeys are ;very common from ths right bank ot the Ganges to Central India. They sometimes 'enter towns in troops and plunder thegrain ishops, fortheHindoos tegard it its allege tokillthesa. Ths natives aapposs thaytfca bodies of these animals arefthe reCeptatoMi of buman souls whjch bate nearly. reached per fection, andthus to insult or kill a .HttbamAn is m roach B&crilege; &s; to,offer vlole^x* *> a member of » Royal family. Thele monkfeyi Are kDOwjn and respected as gnat snake killer#, they are specially deverat catching these reptiles when coiled up among the branches of trees. - . ? .< j 1 to the class of Viverjina, and is a most in teresting and most useful ariimaL It is something like a ferret in shape, bat it* hair is of an iron-grey colour, and its movefnenta are moreactive than those of a ferret. ' It is very destructive to poultry and r&bbiU;, and it is believed tfcat wefe a few oftheseakumals liberated in a spot infested Withrafbbks that the latter pests wouldsoon diminish in number, ' It is the sworb foe of i rats,, lizards, and small snakes. It is oommohly believed in India that it has a natural aversion to serpents of every kind, and that after being bitten by one. it. retires into the woods, and neutralises the poison by eating of some particular herb. Many ?experi ments have been made to attest its immunity from the. poisononB bite of the feobra : it is certain that the mangoes generally kills the cobra, bqt it is also aBaerted that it. avoids being bitten merely by its Superior activity. These little animals become very tame, and follow their ownexs about like don..'. The two Bengal porcupines (Hystrm tris tola) are very fine specimens of their class. The extraordinary natural armoury with which nature has provided .these is their main point of interest. They were for merly fabled to shoot these out at their enemies with fatal precision, but though they cannot do. this, yet the?'can and do use these quills as defensive . weapons . when attacked, charging backwards at their foes, and not unfrequfcntly inflicting Berions in jury upon dogs or other assailants.. Even, tigers nave been killed with, portions of the spines of a porcupine embedded in their body. Porcupines live, like rabbits, in bnrrowd in the sides of hills, and are fond of frequenting old ruinB. The flesh is good eating, being white, and resembling delicate pork. Two Himalayan blade bears enrich oar scanty collection of nrsidse. Their scientific name is Urms tibetaniu, but Mr. Wood aeems wrong in saying that the country inhabited by this bear is manifest by its name, for as a matter of fact these bears are rare in Thibet, and are most common on the Himalayas. In summer these animals mount to a con* siderable height, as high as the bottom of the snow line; in winter they descend to an elevation of about 5,000ft Their chief food is fruit, roots, and grain. Qaiet and in offensive as they usually are, these bears, it brought to bay, will Bhow fight in a most determined way, always attacking and mauling the face of their opponent. It is said that there are few villages in the interior where some natives so mutilated are not to be seen. The large Indian squirrel (Schtnu javensis) is what ia sometimes called the Bciurua bicolor, from the dark brown hue which is usually found to characterise its back, the sides and belly being of a golden yellow. But the colour varies much in various specimens. It is found in the 6.K Himalayas, Nepal, and Sikim. Its native name is the Jderang. It ia easily tamed, and is very amusing in its habitB. Its flesh is eaten by the natives of the countries which it inhabits, and is stated to be very delicate. The 'slow loris (Nycticebm tardigradus) belongs to the very interesting group of the lemnridce, which forms the link between the monkeys and the quadrupeds proper. The head of the lemnridce is more pointed and fox-like than that of the monkeys, apd their method of progression would leadonetb place them among the true quadrupeds. The word lemnr means a night-walking ghost in Latin, and was applied to this group by scientific men on account of their nocturnal habits and their stealthy and silent mode of progression. The native name of the Blow loris is the kukang. It is only found in the East of Bengal, Rungpore, Dacca, and the adjacent parts. Its food is mostly the leaves of the trees which it fre quents, bnt it will aleo eat insects and, it is said, small birds. Mr. Wood remarks upon the strange way in which the arteries and veins are grouped in the limbs of these animals. Inmost animals one largetrunk vesBel enters the limb, and then branches off into a reticulation of numerous small chan nels. In the loris the arteries and veins as they enter the limb are divided into a quantity of cylindrical vessels lying close to each other for some distance, and giving off their tubes to different parts of the limb. Sir W. Jones, quoted by Mr. Jerdon, gives an interesting account of one kept in captivity by him. It kept head downwards suspended by the hooked daw of the thamb Of the bind feet. We reserve our notes on the Indian birds for a future occasion. 