AN ARTIST'S GHOST STORY. When I was quite a youn'g man I used to travel about a great deal in the North of England. I had several relations there; and gradually, as I advanced in my position in the artistic world, I had numerous invita tions to the larger houses, and even in some cases was kindly patronised by the county, who, however, generally expected something in the way of a sketch of their favorite view in the park, or a portrait of their youngest and most troublesome offspring, as a slight return for their hospitality; so perhaps I was not quite as much elated as I should have been when my Aunt Mary came into my painting-room bearing triumphantly a coro netted missive addressed to me. Aunt Mary was the sweetest spinster that it has ever been my fate to see.- She had passed through the fiery trial of an uninter rupted life of quiet monotony in one of the most scandal-loving country'towns in'the kingdom, without losing one atom of her pure kindliness of heart; and I do not think I ever heard her say an unkind word of iiy one. Her nice tastes and fondness for flowers and flower-painting kept her by far too will employed to-allow her to sink into one of the waspish old maids, of which species we had several, whom we should very gladly have sold cheap to a sparsely populated savage country, sn wives to the -chiefs thereof, had such a course of conduct been practicable. I know I often wished the missionaries, who so often came to our town to demand subecriptions towards the redeimp tion of the negro souls in the far west coast of Africa, could d, something towards;our redemption froim the sloughn of scandal;' by bearing off from our midst such choice speci. mons of vinegar-tongued maidens as Miss Sophronia Benham anid Selina Corrtlasd. the daughters respectively of our vicar and solicitor, who were sworn friends of each other, and sworn enemies of any one gayer, prettier, and wiser than themselves. ' However, I am decidedly wandering away from the letter, and have kept Aunt Mary waiting far too long. "Oh, my dear bey," said she, with alittle flutter in her voice which spoke volumes for the state of agitation she was in :"I knew the Countess meant to ask you; see,. hero is her letter." "Better late than never," said I; "the other invitations have been out' quite a week; howevir. I cn't afford'to'throwaway a chanc, so I' upposo I-must:accept it, though I bet youd i'athfng you like, by this time to-morrow we shall have been told, at least fifty times, exactly whose plane I have been asked to take at the last moment; but beggars mustn't be choosers, so here goes !" Our great lady had issued invitations for a large dinner-party at least a fortnight ago, 1 must tell you;- and great 'had been the curi osity of the gossips of Swanham to know if I were going or 'htand'vast wasaahe delight expressed on their countenances and pro found the sorrow spoken by their lips, when they heard from Aunt Mary that at present (underlined) my invitation had notarrived; so I knew pretty well what the envelope con tained; however, I must confess I was elated to discover that not only was I invited to the aforesaid dinner, but 'to stay the week at Ebor Court. Lady Ebor concluded her letter thus : "WVe should have sent you'your in vitation before, but I was not quite sure if Mr. Berson, R.A., the celebrated architect, was to be here this week; and, 'as I particu larly wanted you to meet him, I was waiting to ask you when I received his answer. However, he is to be with us on the -14th, and I do hope nothing will prevent your com ing here on that date: although you paint pictures and he designs houses and churches, you will yet have much that is mutually in teresting to discuss." "Berson to be there," said I meditatively. "I should think that is about the restora tion of old Ebor Hall. I should like to see the old'place. as it used to be, but unless those original plans could be found, there's no chance of that" "I cannot understand," said'Aunt Mary , " how such valuable things coild be'mislaid. I-know they were extant in: your grand father's time, for he saw them. .Ydourecol lect old Lord Ebor was always wanting to re store the place, but somehow or other he never had the money. I remember as well if it were yesterday how angry Lady Ebor was if he mentioned it, for abe was so extra vagant and wilful that sbe 'wanted all the money to spend in London, and not as she said In taking away a place from' the, owls and bats, who were much happier there than she could ever be. : I' remember the plans being lost too, though thatis sixty years ago.' I was a girl of! twelve then," added she, " and I used to wonder if I could find them hidden away, and receirve the reward the old Earl offered ;but the townspeople always I said that those who hide can find,, and even: intimated that Lady Ebor had- meide 'away: with them, so as to put a stop to any chance 1 of my Lord's sotting to work,.as ho was a? ways talking of doing; but most likely that was nothing but gosssp. However, the plans were lost, and have never been heard of since." "Th'eff6~irt[iiti o6f 3s1kylii n-1faffi nito' and found me on my way to, theoEbeorrrlI reaeilherdistinctly as 1'drove p to the ddor noticing.a curious gloam oLlight in theanorth. tower, almost as if a small lamp were hang ing amongh?be ivy?'or~an extia'mely bright re flection from the setting sun had got tangled there, and remained long' after the sun itself had disappeared, and I also.as distinctly re collect wondering feebly how anyone could have got up into the crumbling old:ruin. ant it was not until we were seated at the dinner-table that the light struck' me as being of any importance. Lady: Ebor had kindly put me as close to Mr. Berson as. sho osibly could, and I gradually forgt my inner entirely in the fascination ofhis con versation,. for he talked continuously, easily; and most charmingly on every subject under the sun ; and his rich fund'of anecdote and keen sense of humor lent a brightness and charm to his talk that was never! forgotten by any one who ever had the happiness of meeting him. Naturally, towards the end of the dinner, the conversation turned on the subject of the restoration, and.Lord Ebor told the story about the plans, much as Aunt Mary had done, adding, .however, with. a laugh, "I haven't the least doubt that my grandmother made away with the plans, and I do heartily wish she would dome back and show me where she put them; for you moost know that she is said to haunt the: north tower when particularly. anxionus:to make herself obnoxious to her descendants; She barns a mysterious light up there, and gone rally succeeds in alarming one of our servants so dreadfully that we almost always receive warning from him once a month; however, as he lives in the lodge behind the town, and at present my grandmother does nothing worse than hang out a light, he consents to remain, at all events at present, and really for quite six months now I don't think I have heard anything about the ghost." "Then I am afraid yon will to-morrow, Lord Ebor," said I quickly. "I am very sorry to say that I saw the light this even. ing, as I came up the avenue; so the ghost is still existing." "I only whla she would show us the plans," answered Lord Elior. "There's the reward of £500, still in my grandfather's will, waiting for, the lucky" finder. Now, Grantham," te added, turning to me, " that would just send you off toItaly nicely, so set to work ; turn out every nook and corner in my grandmother's rooms if you like-they are just as they used to be- and see if, as you have seen one part of the ghost, you can't get her to disclose her secret." We all laughed heartily at this, for many and many a time had the rooms been searched, and even the boards had all been taken up. However, I promised Lord Ebor that I would do my best, and when I went to bed I must confess that I lay awake for hours, turning over in my mind the possi bility of the plans being still undestroyed. The ruined part of the castle wiaswell known to us all, for when Lord Ebor was away from home he used to allow the townspeople to picnic there and otherwise disport themselves among the scattered stones, ivy, and broken walls that represented the old parts of the towers and banqueting hall, and when I was quite a boy I well remember nearly killing Aunt Mary with fright by climbing the totter ing stairs that still remained in the north tower, in search of a jackdaw's nest; and as I proudly descended with the eggs carefully secured in my cap, I distinctly recollect her being so besido herself with alarm that the quiet, undemonstrative old ladyflew'at me as soon so I set my foot on the ground, and shook me so desperately that the eggs were all smashed, and reduced my best suit (in which I had been arrayed as guest at a stately picnic) to chase. As Ifell asleep thinking of all these things, I made up my mind that as early as possible I would make my way into the north tower, and find out what caused the light that I had undoubtedly seen, for I nelrs cruenl i-«d.1 hd . .eeount ?T?r. Ann repeating to myself " before breakfast," as a sort of mental oath or compact with myself, Lwas soon fast asleep and draiming of wild means of finding the plans, and restoring the castle, to be rewarded by the hand of Lady Ebor herself, bestowed upon me by her hus band, who seemed remarkably glad to get rid of her, even going the length of givingme the family diamonds, "as a make-weight," he observed, laughing sardonically; and a he put them into my hands the glitter from them seemed gradually to spread and spread, until I Woke with a start to see my room one flood of yellow light. Rubbing my eyes I eat up in bed, and there 'standing by my side, and looking quietly at me as I got up, was the prettiest old lady I have ever seen. She was dressed in a very short, high.waisted black satin gown, with a soft white handker chief round her throat, in which gleamed the very largest diamond I had ever heard of,'let alone seen, and from this extraordinaryJ tone glowed the light that filled the room until it was as light as day. She had soft, white curls on each side of her small face, and a marvellous erection of white ribands, tulle, and flowers that I suppose was called a cap, covered 'the rest of her head. 'Her hands were very tiny. and as white as snow; and while one held a key, which she twisted about as she stood' there, the other was pressed to her forehead; as if she were medi ting' the next step' to take. Curiously enough I never felt the least bit alarmed, and after the first start was over I gated at her very much: as I should have looked at a strange picture; and as she did not seem in. clined to move or speak, I stretched out my hand, 'and taking up' my sketch-book, or rather': note-hook, 'that, like' most ardent younng bonis, ralways kept by me, in case an idea for a picture should strike me in the middle of the night, I began calmly to sketch the mysterious visitant. As I did so, she put the key into a large black satin reticule that hung on her 'arm, 'and turning 'her, face slightly to one side stood motionless until I had almost finished a portrait that anyone who knew the old lady in her lifoewould be quite certain to recognise; and just as I looked up to see positively if three'or four white curls were arranaged on her hand, the bright light went out, and I found myself sitting up in bed. note-book in hand, in per fect darkness. As I was collecting my senses and feeling about for a match, I heard a dis. tant cock crow, and felt on my hand the nmost dreadfully cold fingers that [I have eover known; andas I[sahk back among.mypil: lows I heard the word "to-morrow" dis. tinctly uttered in my ears ;'and then I :re member no more until I 'awoke to a flood of May n'sunshine, the singing of "a thousand birds and the very usighostlike sounds of the gardeners whistling and singing' below my windows, as they mowed the grass. I must say that I went down to bieakfast feeling like a hero, and when I had told my sttory the ausembled guests and dulyhanded round my sketch-book for univermal comment, and as a sort of proof of the ghost's' not being a dream, iwas' not prepiared for a laugh from Lord Ebor, and the exclari~ation: " Oh I my dersir, you have simply been walkin in your sleep and copying Sir Joshua portrait'of my grandmother that hangs i the long gallery. Why, you hare got everything, attatude, dress and all, dowe to the very reticule on her arm, that she al ways carred her keys in. Now just all of you, who have finished your breakfasts, come with me and see for yourselves." Rather disgusted at this prosaic notion, I' got up with the rest and followed Lord Ebor to the long gallery, but it was locked, and: on his turning to me and laughingly accung me of stealing the key, the old bonakeeperI hustled up end remarked, C -, "Oh, my lod, ram so sorry yoi wanit the key so early, but the curate have got it; you know you allowed him to copy some of them texts in the old painted Bibles, and as he left all his things on the long table and was com. ",' first'thing'this morning'toSflnish.I:told him to lock the door and take the key with him, and then he'd know no one had touched ,whathq was abput;-but I'll send John off at once, my lord. I am sorso " y. ,i" Never. mind,'Barns,".interrupted Lady Ebor, "' it will do quite well when Mr. Smith com'es., We were only talking of the plans, and I was going to show the portrait of the Lady Ebor.who is supposed: to have lost them, but later on will be perhaps more con venient.", And so saying we returned to the dining- hall.; . Whea. we were safe from the servants Lbrd Ebor turned to me and asked me if I iere sure I had never seentbho picture in my many visits to the castle, but rassured him that I had never done so; and- although we all came to the conclusion that the idea of a ghost was preposterous, we could not satis factorily account in any way for my noctur. nal visitor or the drawing, which, when the curate came with the key and admitted us into the long gallery, turned out to be an exact copy of the portrait by Sir Joshua ; and even in the picture I particularly noticed that the curls were so arranged that onie could not really state positively how many distinct ones were on each side of the head. How ever, what with one thing and another, the mystery seemed but a mystery after all, and ,very purposeless. * In the afternoon Mfr. Berson aid I pene. trated into the north tower, asid tried to climb the stairs, hut they were so dangerous and shook so violently under our feet that we dared not venture far, although the stairs led quite up into the top of the tower, where the planks and rafters still hung together and formed a round room that had once been habitable, but now was the resort of hate and owls; two of these latter fluffy creatures being seated on a rafter, blinking at us as we peered up from below at them, tumbling and lotter 'ing up into the darkness when we disturbed them by our hazardous climb. "I don't believe a bit in'ghosts," said Mr. Berson; "but I should like to see what causes the light. However, it will never do to climb these stairs as they are, or there'll ,be a vacancy in the ranks of the ILA.; but I'll get some masons to put them into a little safer condition, and then we'll explore for ourselves. We can't do more until then." And as we turned away from the north tower and started for a constitutional walk through the town and over into the heath, we talked about every subject on earth al. most; and gradually Mr. Berson gathered from me all my plans and hopes for the future, and gave me the most sterling good advice thatI had ever had. Noone whoever knew Mr. Berson could forget his ready sympathy with young men, his own intense youthfulness keeping him one amongst them long after his hair was white I and to him owe many of the first men of this present day the kindly word, the generous hints as to colors and subjects that first put their feet into the paths that have led them on to Fortune. So no womler I listened gladly and gratefully to him as he told me exactly how I ought to con. tinnue myartisticstudies. "And,' added he, as we turned homewards, "if you can only persuade your ghost to find the plans, and give you that r£500, you should. be off to tome at once. Nothing like Rome and real art if you wish to succeed, although I never saw tome until I was forty, and I have been pretty successful; though perhaps if I had gone in my youth, as I longed to do, I should have been what I always longed to" be-an artist, instead of an architect, which is after all but a poor loitering in the outer courts." By this time we had reached the house. and as I parted from Mr. Berson in the hall to dress for dinner, I made up my mind that if I could only keep him for a friend I should do well. I do not think we mentioned the plans at all during the evening, and the only word that was spoken about the matter was a laughing warning given me by Lady Ebor, S..Jl.jSk "a fonr the nigh, not to dream any more about thu ghost; and as I was ex. tremely tired by my long walk, as well as by my disturbed slumbers the night before, I certainly did not require rocking when I went to bed, and was soon very fast asleep. It must have been about two o'clock when I awoke suddenly with a dreadful start, in a desperate and unaccountable fright, that seemed to be born of nothing save the silent darkness, for I had not been dreaming and the room was quite dark, with not even a glimmer of light anywhere. I am almost ashamed to confess it even now, but I was in a hath of perspiration, and had just made np my mind thatI would strike a light and read a while, when I heard stealthy footsteps ap proach my door, and stop there. Again came the silence, and for quite five minutes I lay almost paralysed in the bed, wondering what would come 'next, when suddenly the room filled with the bright light of the night before, and there in the same place and in the same attitude stood the little old' lady. The moment. the appearance took form I ceased to feel the smallest degree of alarm, and when she held up the key and went to. wards the door, I rose at once; and while I hastily donned a few garments-for though it was not cold I did not wish to run the risk of being shot at by some retainer who might by chance be out seeing to the young phea sants in the middle of the night-she opened the door and proceeded to walk with a most audible tread and tapping of high heels down the long' corridor, towards the staircase. Momentarily expecting one of the numerous bedroom doors to, be flung open, and half. awakened sleepers to rush out and see what we were after, I followed my mysterious leader until we came to the heavy front door, the mere opening of whioh in the morning served ordinarily as a r'crillea to the house hold; and, as my lady arrived there, to my horror she motioned to me to undo all the enormous bolts, the noise of which I knew was .quite sufficient to 'wake the' dead, let alone the sleepers' overhead. However, as I did not at once comply, my lady stamped her little foot and looked so extremely vicious that I did not wait for a second command, and proceeded to work. Shall I ever forget the awful' groans, the hideous bangs and bumps that filled the hall from that terrible door as I went to work with my trembling fngera! Every noise seemed louder than any noise had ever been before, and to add to my woes, the chair that I had taken to use as a ladder to reach the top bolt gave way, and down I' emeewith clatter enough to wake the seven sleepers. However, no one stirred, and open came the door, and we passed out into the silent garden, where a soft wind was gently stirring among the lilacs in the 'shrubbery. Hero and there a white syrings bush looked like a second ghost among the darkness, but the path was dis. tinctly visible, as all the light from the dia mond seemed coneentrated on the way he had to tread. By.and.by we came to the gate of the north tower, and I must say I had a feeling of'horror when I remembered the rickety stairs aid our owl friends of the afternoon before; but as I'deeldedly hesi tated and drew back, as my ghost proceeded airily into the tower and up the first flight, a vo!ce, that did not seem to speak as much as to exist in the air, said, "That way leads to fortune."' So on I went, without stopping to consider if the promised fortune were good or bad, or were to consist in my ending all my troubles at one by breaking my neck. Upend up I went, now holding breathless to a tiny spray 'of ivy, as 'tho stones rattled down into the deptns below, and treading on'adreadfully soft something, that either disappeared with a squeak of anguish into the gloom, or: arose with awful: feathery wings;fanning the musty air almotinmy face ; nd now skinning my knuckles against the crumbling walls in a desperate effort to keep on my feet; and at last breathless, and somewhat dilapidated, I found myself in the curious 'circular room which Mr. Berson and I-had-meant-to explore -when we could get the stairs repaired. The ghost stood in her meditative attitude, airily poised on one of the. rafters that, composed the floor, from ,liiciii m 'btf the planks wereomissing, and then she glided across the yawning spaces to a hole in the wall, beckoning to me to fol. low, which I did by striding from rafter to rafter, and wondering which gap I should se. leet to fall through upon the atone pavement below. However, I safely reached my con dnotor, and gazed with her into the hole in the wall, where to my horror I saw nothmi at first but two awful eyes glaring at me. Fortunately I was bending rather forward and holding on to the wall at each side of the aperture, or I should have fallen back. wards, and this story would never have been written: and then I discovered that the eyes belonged to a motherly owl, who had selected the spot we were gazing at in which to bring up her young. As the ghost calmly raised the bird in her small hands, I saw about three of the most frightful little boast, glaring at me out ofa heap of sticks and rub. bish, but as her ladyship did not seem alarmed in the least by the parent, I was not going to be daunted by the family; so I put them carefully on one side, and folloaiwn silent directions given me by her ladyship, I raised from below the nest a venerable tin box. After restoring the mother and babes to their habitation, which would certainly re. quire some little repairing before being as comfortable as it was before I disturbed the inhabitants, her ladyship opened the tin bot with the identical hey she had had the night before, and taking from it a large roll of parchment, closed it, handed the roll to me, and motioning me to the staircase. vanished utterly, leaving me alone to deosersn tnhoe terrible stairs in an almost equally temb;e darkness. Gradually, however, the dawn beat a, peep over the sky, the birds began to,: a the ivy round the tower, down in the arden I heard the chirp, chirp, of an early thruea, and knew that morning herself was cmno; to my rescue. And by the time I could see enough to know that I held in my hands th. very plans that had been so long miss:nz, p.e sun was beginning to rise really ; and u I saw the paternal owl returning to his fauiy after a night out, I thought I had betote try to return to the house before I was stieh maltreated by the bird for temporauilyeet. ing his offspring, or missed from my t?. room. They'll believe in my ghost now, thowh: I triumphantly, as I began the hazardocs~i. scent, clasping my precious papers n?h:lr a me. "Dear me ! what an adventure t e' Aunt Mary; and oh ! how those old-ra;dia cats will slnirm when they hear of my rd fortune. It's worth this awful expenetce; and then think of Rome !" And so tal:ul aloud to keep up my courage, down I wa:, If it were a difficult task to ascend with t:e bright light and glistening satin dress of ::a ghost to guide me where to tread, you eo easily imagine how terrible was the d'cen:; but I had almost reached the bottom :r!. my foot slipped on a round stone and dons I went, and I remember no more ,n: i awoke to find myself surrounded hv m? :f the male inhabitants of Ebor Court, and ,:a Mr. Berson trying hard to take away rna me my precious papers. When I fully came tn - .a , diolL .' that I was cocered with feathers, ma, twigs, and every imaginable component p~e of nests, aged and otherwise, and tha: l round me seemed corpses of little owl, aoi then I sat up, looked round me, and lý-a to tell my story; but when it came to tr. phantly handing out my papers for moyp.. tion, shall I ever forget the howl of dern::o that arose-no, never, until my dyinm iy. Lord Ebor gazed at them, roared -.a laughter, and leaned gaspin; for ,!e gainst the tower wall, while rood, -iL. hearted Mr. Berson sat downo dieberateiy the lowest and most rickety tur. and ;, rally yelled aloud ; and by the time I .-i mastered my rage at the way ther had . ceived my story, and h.al ileminioe an en planation of their extraordinary con lac, i the men had become possessle of etn plit and were roaring too. And how can I tell you now sobe:ly ena after all these years what ha happes:! The plans were composed of several ?oe of drawing paper neatly rolled up tr-p., and recognised by me as part of my orizr sketch block; my ghost existed in ny or imagination, and I had been walkin.t 'a sleep. On mature consideration of my :-: work, I could never cease to be thia:i; that mysterious power that overloclh a doings of children, drunkards, and ?l.-' walkers.- The Allitlete Bl.nc ; 