[?] MR. MOMTFGRB'S ROOM. By Watp W&stdeb;, (W. W.). It was a strange experience altogether, and I have for years been very chary of relating it. The sight of Colonel Ard well's name in a late paper, however, ias recalled the whole affair so vividly to me, that I may interest yon in recording it I came out to these colonies fully de termined on settling-, and, when I heard tiuau xiiuig-fcu;tt uwfcuuzi Watt .m vuk m&rJieij;, I immediately put myself in communica tion with the owner, Colonel ArdwelL I found him. a jolly, agreeable man of the world, and we arranged at once that he should accompany me on a visit of inspec tion to the property. 'I own to you that I shall be glad to get rid of the place,' he said, as, during the afternoon of the second day of oar journey, we -were getting near Bangarra. \- 'I mistook my vocation when I tried to make a country gentleman of ' myself. ' Ton see what a lonely country it is, and I do believe another six months of it would notu tilling wij-a ' t' . Ill TT. *fc^*»WV* ? ? ? y- , k ' ' Have you owned tbe station long ?' I inquired. ?' Aboui two years, and I haven't lived the fourth of the tiai6 on it. It you fittd the place suit you, I should strongly advise you to keep on M'L.'od; ho'e & pattern manager, and bis hear; is in lsia work. Ob, bv-thu- wey, I forgo* to tell 50a &&t; there is a sort of ineumbranoe tasked to Bungarra in the shape of aa old womaa.' -- : 'An old woman?' — j.oB , iud into wwuec wuieu uw sate Oi this property onSy on condition that it should auozd her shelter and subsistence during her Itfe. An annuity ie also provided, and a osr tain room allotted to her during the ra jnunder of her existence.' ?' How strange I' I obsorved. 'Oh, she's some favourite old servant, I suppose, and she's a queer old soul, but I never found her the least trouble.' 'JSut, surely, Mr. Moniford might have provided for the old woman without tacking Her on to the estate f' I said. ?'Well, yes, it does seem odd. I didn't mind, aa I save said, but, if the old cre&iure; interferes with my sale of Bangarra, I mas; try and buy her off somehow,' Mf t nns AnoVianiati srith Rnnonrrn and nil Ho eurrounding«. li lay in a splendid country, a broad and magnificent view of which was afforded from nearly every window of the house. And the unusual style of the paid house iormed not the least of its attractions to me ; it was bo unlike anything I had con ceived of colonial architecture. The building lay on the slope of a grand ? hill, and was of blue-stone, and one story only. Already scarcely astone was visible, for a thick screen ot\ .English Ivy' was flourishing around it and up. to the -very oa^aldings of. the chimneys. The windows meire .small, and were or diamond-paned, el&fwbioned; sashes,, and 4&e; deep^veran . fete, were imrtj filtered, A$Mji broad daylight only^held aa much light as that afforded by a thick forest. ♦?Fortunately the sitting rooms face the part of the house a stranger might set. down as the back, or there would be so light at all in the place/' the colonel said, as we alighted from the vehicle, and introduced me to the capable-looking man M'Leod, who was manager of the estate. '.M'Leod will show you over the place, for, to tell you the truth, I know very little more of it than my own three zooms and the stables. You will find it an oddly planned house.' It was an oddly-planned , house, yet one built, I could quite believe, with the one view of suiting it to the requirements of the climate;- It was built in the shape of the letter E, with the wing of the house that corresponded with the bottom of the E lying right against the Hill. In the centre of the square formed by the three angles of the building, a fountain, sap plied, as M'Leod told me, by the drainage from the hill, scattered its radiating spray refreshingly in the sun, and the stone portico, that completed the letterresem blance, as it were, ; was covered with a climbing rose-tree, heavy with blossoms. I need not, however, delay my story by any unnecessary description of Bungarra, . I inspected it oloBely, approved of, and bought the property. I saw the old woman encum teacoe, and pitied her trembling hand and wnue, worn lace, quite enougu io: put any idea of her beiog in the way out of my head, but that she was quite unaware that the property bad changed hands until I went to live on it I discovered within an houi of nty ?nival. I had taken up my own man, one I had brought from England with me, and as soon as M'Leod, who had been making some arrangements with me, had gone out, Lintoh told me that the old woman was very anxious to speak to me. ' She's in an awful to-do about something, sir,' he added. ' I think I never saw a woman's face so white in my life.' My permission ushered her into the room almost instantly, and as she stood by the door, hesitatingly holding it in her hand, I had en opportunity of noticing her agitation as extreme. She was so thin and {raillook ing, too, and her deep blaok dress so sugges tive of trouble and death, that I felt lor the. poor old creature, and nee to place her a chair. ' iff flit rfTJIHTVk ' TVfr*»D nVl«A Tf -**/*** kn*rA A«m M-T -— V-*A-] 'kllN AVUWf .».* J\J9S. *&H; TW HVJ' thing to say to me, you can say it more at your ease thus.' She sat down and lifted her dim eyes to my face as ebe nervously fingered the corners of her blaok apron. It seemed to me as if she were anxiously scanning and trying to read my character in my face. ' I didn't know that Colonel Ar&nell; had sold Bangarra until to-day, sir,' she began, ' and I'm anxious about it.' ' Oh, you may set your mind at rest,' I hastened to answer. ' X am quite aware of the life claim you have on the property, that will beal! right.' ' But the oloseS room, but ? Did the Colonel tell yon about that?' The question was so anxiously put, and such a strange one, that I looked hard into the woman's faoe as I returned. 'The closed room? what closed room ?' 'The rosm where Mr. Montfora died,' Bhe replied, in a low voice, as . her eyes fell to the floor, and her lips trembled. 'Ob.,1 remember now! CJlonel Atdwell Sid say something about a room being abut np at the baok — something about an abtrard talk of Us being taunted, wasn't it? Sal the colonel sever visited it, did be ?' *lNo, sir, no foot has crossed the thres hold BinctJ the mssser died, and be wouldn't rest ia his grave if any foot did.' ' My good woman,' I -said, with a firm ness ibw I have no dcabt gave tier some insight into my determination o! ohuaoter, ' if there is one thiDg more me than another it is superstitious nonsense of any sort. I will take care there are no ghoBts about this bouse while I am its owner. Which of these keys is that of this haunted room?' and I laid the bunch -of keys on the table before her. She pointed to one, rusted and diecoloured. ' That is it. but for God's sake, sir, be warned, for there is no luck in crossing the wishes of the dead.' 'Wlien the wishes of the dead interfere with' the comfort of the living, they shall not be considered at Bungarra,' I replied, -? Mr. Montford 's wishes as to yourself he has make lawful and binding ou good parchment, but' there is no mention of a reserved room.' ' He had not time, or he would have done it, sue murmured. 'No time?' 'No sir. I don't think that Colonel Ardwell ever knew how Mr. Montford died, for he never tried to desecrate the room he cut off from the living hy his expressed dying wishes, but as you air, are determined to let light into a spot daylight should never penetrate, I toll you that Mr. Mont ford was murdered in that chamber.' As she spoke, the old woman -rose and curtsied to me, and tbeu went out of the door with a tottering step, yet without another word. I was angry, and my curiosity was excited. I put out my hand, and touched the bell for my man. 'Linton,' I said, when he appeared, ' there's a room in this house, that has been shut up for years , it' seems — I want to visit it — do you kno-7 iu what part of the building it is ?' ' I can. fguese, sir, for I was wondering at the state of a dour at the end of the hill seem to have been opened or dusted for ages, and the cobwebs are in. every corner of it.' 'Here's the key of it. I am going to visit that room.' As we passed along the hall that ran right through the building:, and round its every wing, I looked, but saw nothing of Mrs. Tone. . I thought, perhaps, she might wish to look once more into the room that evidently held a deep interest for her— 'but it was not so. Somehow or other,as I fol lowed Linton. along the dim. passage that led to the closed room, I felt for the first time in my life some idea of the sensations encountered by the superstitious when they approach the dread scene of a murder The door was t'se very last iu the corei dor, and as Linton, with, some difficulty, turned the rusty key in the lock and opened the door, nothing was visible bu£ a darkness wonderful to exist m the broad light of day. The one window opened into the quadrangle formed by the arms of the building, but it was so overgrown by the interlaced ivy that the few rays it admitted were easily caugnc cy toe closed. Venetian blind inside. Linton at once drew np the blind and opened the ^window, while I eagerly waited to see what appearance was presented by this chamber of death. ' It was a tolerably large room, furnished with every convenience as the bedchamber of a gentleman accustomed to,be sur rounded with the luxuries as well as the comforts of life. The large half-tester' bed was hung and draped with a handsome ^retoniie, -the;couch at the foot of tine bed, covered with the same. A large mirror occupied a prominent place on the carved toilet-table, on which yet remained the combs, brushes, and other toilet requisites, probably as the last owner had lett them, and directly opposite the bed and toilet were the double doors of, a large closet, in which still hung many garments that gave out a damp, mildewed smell as the doors were opened. The strangest thing of all was, however, the fact that from one side of the floor, close to the bed, the rich carpet was tossed back, and the boards, whereon were great, dark stains, lay quite exposed. I use the word toBsed advisedly, for the carpet was not folded back, hut lay as if it had been thrown back by a strong and hurried hand. My man raised his eyes from contemplating these dark stains, and meeting mine said, seriously : 'This must be the room where Mr. Montford was murdered, sir.' ' Oh, ymt'w heard that story, then?' I asked. ' Tes, sir j the waiter at the hotel where we baited told me, and seemed to wonder that X did not already know.' ' Ah ! and he doubtless hinted a little about a ghoBt, and all that sort of thing, ehf' 'Well, yes, sir; he did say that this room was said to be haunted.' 'Exactly so. Now, Linton, you have known me long enough to believe that I won't have any such nonsensical tales about a place that has become my property. I don't believe in ghosts of any shape or form, and, to settle the matter, I shall take this room as a sleeping-chamber for myself. See that it is put in order j have a good fire made; throw open the door and window; have that ivy pruned that keeps out air and light, and to-night Til see what sort of ghosts haunt Bungarra.' ' All right, sir.' I was going away, leaving the arrange ment entirely to Linton, when a curiosity that I felt growing on me urged me to ask a question : 'By-the-way, did you hear any par ticulars of this murder, Linton?' 'I suspect the man told me all he knew himself, sir. It seems Mr. Montford was a very odd character, and was known 4-a Ivnnvi Jill liia -rnnn^TT nn^av tliO fYtXTn llfl.TIf). One morning when this old woman, Mrs. Tone, came to bring bis hot water as usual, she found him lying there on the floor in his own blood, and to badly wounded that, although he lived for two days, he scarcely spoke, save to the lawyer that made his will. Mrs. Tone and her son were with him. when he died, and no one else.' ' Her eon? where is he now ?' ' I don't know, sir. The old woman must have been very fond of her master, for they say she has never held up her head since, and has aged a good twenty years einoe he died.' I went away to the sitting-room, and sat down to try »nd puzzle a meaning out of the strange story I had heard in connection with the oid woman's name. That some mystery surrounded both her and the memory of her late master, I was certain; yet I was some what uneasy as to ib.6 effect my decision to ocoupy the room myself might have upon her, so I determined to communicate it myself, and see if any expression she might let fall would be any guide to me. Tt ua.a a Invalv afternoon, sha Bun as it drooped to the west falling fully on the play ing waters ot the fountain ia the centre of what I may term the court-yard, formed by the angles of the building. X west oat, and, standing in the poroh, looked towaid the rooai w-- et6 my valet was buey.it was on my tight, aj the exareine ead ol tiie wing of the huuse. as I have already stated, aud then for the firetiime I observed, at a little dis tance from the zoom, and lying right against the hill itself, a small tenement with a chimney and a patch of flowers iu front. It struck me that it was the habitation of old Mrs. Tone. Impulsively I strolled across the yard, and approached the open door of the small cot tage. If I had any doubts aB to its being the old woman's place of abode, the sight of her seated inside, with her head bowed oa She table, and her withered hands clasped above is, was sufficient to Bet them at rest;. The poor oreature was apparently in great agitation— great gobs shaking her frail body from head to foot. I could not help wondering if this awful grief had anything to do with the opening of the room in which her unfortunate maBter had died, but I do not think I should have ventured to make my presence known under the oiroumstauces. I had, however, hardly drawn baote to go, when she lifted her white, teac-etained face, and saw me. The thoughts of ray mind sprang to my lips ere- 1 had time to think. ' I hops it is not anything connected with the closed room that iB troubling you thus,' I said. ' You are old enough to know that such foolish superstitions should not be carried to tbe edge of She grave.' ' I do not blame you— yen know no better, and it is the will of God,' she replied, shortly, as she wiped her dim eyes. 'Ton lead too lonely a life, my poor woman,' I continued, 'you have brooded over the sad loss of a doubtless good master until your brain has beoome weakened. At your age it is not rigty for you to live by yourself. Where is your sou, who was here at Mr. Montford's death ?' If I had 8trucE tne woman vntn a stone she could not have more visibly staggered ; she drew back suddenly, as if from a heavy blow, abd stated at me with a tenor that almost oommuRioated itself to me. What had I said ox done to cause such an awful exhibition of fear and horror &s; lay stark in in that old woman's faoe ? I began' to think, as the most simple elucidation ot all the mystery that seemed to surround her, thai her bruin wag really giving way under her trouble and loneliness. ' Yon did not understand me, I fear, Mrs. Tone, I ouly asked you if you knew where your son was. He would be company for you and, if you thought fit, I have no doubt employment oould be found for him on the station. Do you know where he is ?' 'He is deai! daadl dead I' «he cried, wildlv, ' dead to life, dead to hope, dead to Qod, and dead to me I' find tossing her thin »rms above her head, she totterett into an inner chamber end lelt me^to go back even more bewildered, than when I had left the varlour. As I pRflsed the opea window of the room I bad decided on occupying, I paused and looked in; Linton had got M'Leod 'a houle feeeper at work with him, the carpet was lifted and shaken, and tbe hangings removed from the bed for the purpose of airing and dusting, doubtless. The mattrasees and bedding had Also disappeared and the floor had been scrubbed. A bright fire blazed on the low hearth, aud the most superstitious would bave found little of the haunted room in the appearance pre sented by the renovated chamber. I said as much to my man while the woman had gone out to bring the carpet off the grass. 'Yes, eir, it begins to look more habit able, but it is too hurried | the day is wearing so fast. I bave not been able to clean out the closet, which, you know, is full of the dead gentleman's clothes, and I I have put tbJft^ja^|aiBpB;p^ Redding in there until Mtoopr^WMbWi^BaS^wiU not I come OHt-' Mff ;^ :^tod;*(?:^e blood stains on the floor by the bed, which were beginning to creep boldly to view again from the drying moisture of the scrubbing brush. ' Never mind ; the carpet will cover it,' was my reply, as I went away. Well, night came, and bedtime, when, escorted by my attendant, I went to spend my first night in the mysterious chamber. Nothing could look, more comfortable. My own easy-chair and slippers stood by the clear fire; all my toilet requisites were spread out on the snowily-draped toilet, the' silver tops and stoppers reflecting themselves brightly in the tall, dark mirror behind them. The lamp burned clearly, and the bed, folded down ready for occupation, looked soft and white, and enticing enough to tempt a man less fatigued than I found myself to the soundest of slumbers. 'Would it not be as well for me to sleep on this couch to-night, sir, so as to be bandy in .case you want me ?' Linton hesitatingly asked as he was about to retire, and was lowering the light with the evident intention of leaving it burning. 'What!' I almost roared, 'am I to have you turning superstitious on my hands, too Linton? Well, I give you notice, that if I ever see such another symptom of it, you leave my service, if you had been twenty instead of ten years in it. What should I want you f or ? or if I should, there is a bell close to the bed. Put out that light, and go,' Beforecomplying, tbe man took the bell pull which was the oid-fashioned cord and tassel, and twined iti lightly round the bed post, so as to be within reach of my hand, then he blew out the light, and went out on tip-toe, and without another word. It would be f alae to b*j that I SB not experieace auy unusual ?enactions as I l*y there la the semi-darkneis, and hi the room where a dtaad tragedy had been performed, for I did. TSoi that I was afwid, o? had the least anticipations of any iplritutl visitation, but I got to picturing that last night of Mr. Montford, and fancying his sensations as he awoke with th« murderer'* knife at his bre&st.; A Struggle - for dear life had. been enacted oa the vscy bed I occupied; ruddy blood hftd poured so deeply luto the boards by my side that the stains yet bore witness against the murderer and refused to be ob literated. Who was the murderer? 1 knew nothing of tbe affair save what I had gathered that day, and I was Igaorant of a fact th»t I afterwards dieoovered, vis., that Mr. Montford wa* supposed to have recognised the apillar of blood, but sealed hit lips at to his identity, that remained to th»t very day unknown. The glow of the red embers alone gave a faiut fight; around the hearta, and the ?ilrace, save by the licking of my watch above my bead, was unbroken. The un accustomed air, exercise, and excitement of the day had fatigued me, and gradually my thoughts began to wander and grow con futed. I fell asleep, and knew no more until I was suddenly awakened by a strange con cubbiob that I could not comprehend, and which seemed to have shaken tbe bod aa though some heavy body had violently sfceuek against It. I sat up in bed and listened. For a moment I could have fancied that some one was In the zoom, and that X hoard * door creak, but, feeling angry with myself^ior being so improasad by what must hava been a dream, I took the matches from the n'ght stand, struck one, aud lit the reidy vmx light. .-Am eooa as it fairly threw its illuculai, tion round the chamber I «»w lying at the footo! -'he bad iaa bedding ao.3 m sirens ss removed by L'nloa from the bedstead I lay upoa. I was very angry, for I felt considerably shaken by the sudden start 1 bad been awakened with, and I took advantage of my man's arrangement of the bell-rope to pall it lustily. Linton made his appearance so qaiokly that it was evident he had not retired, and he presented himself with a frightenod lookinc f&oe; that still further aggravated me. ' What is the matter, sir? Oh 1' and he stared at the bedding on the floor in such undisguised astonishment that I could have struok him. ' The matter ? You see it well enough. How dare you, sir— now dare you arrange that bedding so carelessly in the closet that it must come tumbling out in the dead of night? At my time of life it might be of very eerious consequnnoe to me to be awakened by a shock like this.' ' Ibegyour pardon, eir; Ipaakad the heap up with my own hands, and it seemsd to me 'There's your impossibility!' I said, pointing to the annoying matter. ' Take it out of this, to the passage, the yard, any where, bo that I am ensured bom a repetition of this annoyance.' 'Bat the closet door is shut, six. Have you been up ?' No, I had not been up ; yet there was the closet door dosed to a certainty. ' Bah 1 it has a tenfaney to close itself like many other doors,' I remarked. ' Gat tha; rabbish out and take yourself off, Linton.' The man passed round to take up some of the blankets, etc, for removal, and, all at once, I saw him stop and droop the oandla he carried in his hand toward the floor. 'You haven't been out of bed, eir,' he said, looking at me with a puzzled and rather frightened expression—' you haven't noticed the oarpat ?' 'The carpet?' I loaned over the bed to see what was the matter with tha carpet, 'anil was more than astonishe-J, for the floor was bare where the BtftinB, were and the carpet flung baok, just as I had observed it to be oa my first visit to the room. I knew it oould not have been bo wben I had retired, as I entered the bo-i from the carpeted epoi where Mr. Montford' g blood had been spilled. 'There's some triokery going on here,' I declared, 'and that old woman's in it. Take out that heap of rubbish, and, when you have done so, I will look the doorpefaind you !' I could perceive from Linton's manner that be was far from being at ease, and oast furtive looks toward the closet as be passed it, He did not, however, offer to open or search it, but, when he had ones more retired, I rose, looked the door, and opened that of tbe closet, which had no look, but simply a latoh, lifted by means of a brass handle on the outside. It was not even latched, and, though hung round with clothes, could by no means have afforded concealment to a human being. Ag∈ I returned to bad, having assuredly latchad the door of the closet I had closely examined, and drawn np the bliad, against which the moonlit shadows of ivy leaves were flickering as the soft breeae moved them to and fro. It was some time ere I slept again. In spite of my reason I felt somewhat nervous and 111 at ease. I forgot to say that Linton had re-spread the carpet over the unholy ataina, and it was. the fact of the carpet being removed that pawled me most. Bat at but, with the full determination of throw ing some light on the my»tery by & full search on the morrow, I dropped off asleep once more. ? ??^?%'sr^ It mnit have been iisfclnct that awoke me next) for, *8^i;jBHddenly opened my eyes, not a sound Iwll'Tuppn my ears. With an oHacknowledgea!-9i-4lke to turn my baok toward the sldeitfmi0lrhich the cupel had been so wyi^ppipemoF^d, j hud faUen atleap with my face, to3r-trd it and towarc tbe window. I uw the shadows of the ivy leaves, and the moon's rays streaming between them, and, at I more fully aroused myself, I became consoious of a dark objscfc lower down, and between ma and tbe lower part of the window — some bang was doubtless in the room with tne ! ? . I did sot move. I watched it so closely that, even in the darkness below the window, I began to fancy I could trace the outlined shade of a kn«eling human form. The bowed head, that alone rose to Intervene . between me and the brightness of the moon lit window, seemed to oicillate slowly to and fro, and a aometblsg bright certainly gleamed In what appeared to -be clasped hands over which long voluminous sleeves drapei them selves darkly. Sa n«ar saamed tha*, figur» to me that, reaching out my hand, I could have touched it, yet, coward that I was after all, I dared not stretch it oat. On* moveuwat I made. It was to seise th? matches for the purpoae of striking a ligh . As I did bo, and tbe growing bl&zs; grew, flickered, and caught the wick of the wax light, I eagerly looked toward the window. Taere was nothing there — not the shadow of a shadow, but the carpet was again thrown back from the stains of blood. I elept no more that eight, and was rejoiced to see the daylight appear after the longeit hour* of darkness I had ever ex perienced. While yet in the silence and depth of night I had to own to myself that I experienced a aort ox uuaccoautable awe at the apparently unearthly visitations I had experienced; but as the (by beams broke eunuily into the weird votm I began to fancy I must have dreamed oE that kaeelleg form, or pictured It to myself by the fcrce of an excited imagination. 1% required only the aight of the disarranged carper; to assure me that some kind of unkuowu poir*r hid really been at work in the locked room. I rang the bell, rose and unlocked the door to adcilt Llutoti, whoaa very fi;st look waa one of horror at tha again disturbed carpat ; knowing I should require his assistance in the thorough examination Unfcendai ra&king;, I told him my experiences of ths night while I was dcMBlsg. 'We are the tafcjscfcs of some fc?i;k, fcb.* objeoi of which is to keep us oafc of this room,' I concluded. ' The tries I am Sent upon discovering for the purpots ot punish, ing its author- The objest, I dsresny, will be found out also ; bus I am certain thefc old woman has something to do with botH.' First I caused eve*y article of attire to be turned out of the closet, and made a close search of it fox some surreptitious means of entrance, but I could find none. Then, W£UL(3 U'UTOU Was UJBJ-U3ltt)5 }-?? UHU Jtt'.c Mil Moatford'a garments, oves herlgts aud fensae, for the purpose of b9ing thoroughly aired, I went to old Mra. Tone's cottage, intending plainly to accuse her of having annoytd me during the night, but I wa« fated to be dis appointed at every step. Thn cottage was locked up aad silent, and the very key had disappeared from the key-hole. ' Someone there must be residing in the neighbourhood who is acquainted with the circumstances of Mr. Montford's death/1 . 1 said to my jubd, after breakf&it.; ? ' I shall xlde over to the township an* see if I can not find out the medical man who attended him at bis death. 'Th&t; will be naelest, sir,' Linton re plied. 'I hava bees inquiring of Mr. M'Leod, the manager, and he says the dostor here is a new raaa, cssae since he did himself, which was o- lj when Colonel Ardwell bought; th« property. D - you tiiiatc, eir, ♦li-.t U would b« nuy g''O I f, - ecqi'.r^ of the Catholic el- jriryan \ ? Ti^y s*y 'li-= desd g«ntlaman w.xe a ve?y «iric: B iinin Citholic, and an ie Mrs. F.ir-i.' 'It em, &4 loasfc, do no hirui 4o ^try : nd g«t seme advics in the afi-lr,' I said ; ' but youjmay.be aa^e U tb.» cUrgysnaa knows anything ho kaf bees bouui -o Bacrcsy, or more of ihe aft\ir would bs knows in the neighborhood. However, I ahtti. call on the clergyman.' Aud in aa hour I had ridSes from Buu garca, leaving Lla'-ou etrici orders' to k»ep the mysterious chamber close fastened until ' my return. I was forfcaaate la Saaitsg Father O'O jnnor at home — and an intelligent and friendly mau-of-the- world. Ha luteEeti to my rela tion of my troubles a nd mysteries m\\\h a face tha* g«w more and more ssrlous as I proceeded. When I related tbe faci of Mrs. Fone'a die^ippeirauce he rose auddecly, aad with some excitement. 'I must return to Bang«?a witti you, eir.' he said. ' You are qaise right in sup poilng that I know muah of th-s f acts of Sir. Montford'a murder that are unknown to th* police; these facts were coaudei to me under seal of confession — % seal which deat h mtut soon break if It has not already done bo. Excuse me while I order my horse.' We returned together to the station, and nearly in sileno9, as the priest seemed anxiously brooding, and iu haste to reach our destination. As soon as we dismounted in the court, he walked straight to Mrs. Tone's door, and knocked and called loudly, 'Mary! MaryTonoI open, it is I, Father O'Connor,' but there was neither reply or sound, and, without further parley, being a tall, powerful man, he pat hia shoulder to the door and burst it open. There was no one in tha little room, and no sign cf l»te habitation. As tbe priest was about t ) eater the back apartment, he turned to mo and said, hurriedly : ' Oblige me by gr-iog to Mr. Montford's room, oir, I will join you there shortly, and explain &U; tbis,* ntti be disappeared, eiosing the. door babiaoT him. ' Tiieaa extraordinary proceedings cer tainly reqaire some rxpUraMpB,' I observed, wiih some anncysnso, to Liutoo, who was standing ftt the door-, ' bat open tha door and let us ttweii L?a tiivsrenee as he has infliftftted.' The haontad roam beiag, as I baya before said, the last of tbo wing againBt tbe Mil, it was but a few steps from Mrs. Tone's place, yet to gain it wo had to go round by the portico and so along tbe hall to it. Liaton plao9d the key ia tha door, turned it iu the lock, and drew baok to allow me to enter, I did until I had passed the threshold, and then, with an exolamdtion half ot fear aud half of amazement, I stood still for a moment to realise the awful picture before my eyes. Oa the bare floor by the bedside, for the replaood eatps$ had again been drawn baok, a figure in a long, dark aud ooaiBe garment was lymg still and motionless. The figure was that cf a man, aud the portion o* the enuatocstves unhidden by the tangled grey beard waa ghastly. wKita and emaciated to «xiremiiy. The auakeu eyes were open partially, aad the thin hands clasped to the scarcely heaving breast s silver crucifix. From the position in which the body lay iC would eeem &? if the man bad fallen over from his kwes, and it was that moment of painful turprite it flashed upon mo that I was looking upon the murderer of Mr. Montford { At this moment, to my greattr surprise, Father Q/Qonnor entered the room by the door of the closet, and, kneeling by the dying jnan, raised bis head oa hit knee. Evidently be wax recognised, for a ead smile pstsed over hit lips as he weakly murmured. ' It is jolt, Father, I die on the spot where t took life,' aad his head fell over and stated* a dead cheek on the davk ?tabs oi.^he bkjoi totadtgllilil, ' ** ^ I cannot even yet recall without pahr rtu feelings I experienced during the n«xt fe«r hours at my new purchana. The clergyman had found Mm. Tone in » dying state in the cellar that hsd served as her son's voluntary hiding place fjroiu we world since the murder of her. master. Is .w&b; impossible and Im politic to attempt further concealment, and * magisterial iuqairy held on the bodies brought to light mosi of the particular* related to me privately by Father O'Con&or.; 'John Tone had always, been a wild ?character,' he said, ' and' the tame life at Bangarra did not suit him, bo ht made up hia mind to rob his master of the 'gold he knew Was kept in a small vault communi cating with Mr. Montford's room by a weli oouoealed 'spring door in the oioBet. He did noi calculate oa his master's waking and recognising him, however, aad in bid terror ot duoovery aad punishment stabbed him to the death, aa he hoped. He did nos imme diately dia, however, and the mother's pleadings for her so&'s life aoisd so upon the dying gentleman that he helped to conceal the crime, encrusting the truth to none but me. I felt less responsibility in keeping tbt- secret as the wretched man was so overcome with repentance aud remorse as to be un willing to iook in the faoe of day, aad has spent those yearB in penances and prayeie and fasting thai would have worn out a stronger frame than his. It was bis prao tice to pray nightly en the spot be iiau spilled blood— his crime was great, bu atonement was heavy — may Gad xeet his sauJ.' I have spaas many happy days at B-v~- garra since these evsius. My oaiy aud widowed eisser has jointd ma lrom houto, and hex h&ppy; ch.ldiea make the hue old house gay vmh iively voices. Tha ivs on the stoae wt*!is is green and clustering, She roses oa r.he patoU,. blushing and aweet soenled. Tuo fouuiaia piaje and apatKica isa diamond spiny in the sun, and theiu art. noghotitaimumingthelocg halls, ynt, I&aat; ounteES to tu& weakaess ui having rczsii Mrs- Tone's cottage to the ground and re closed Mr. Moetford's room. 