fterattea. ' “Are you twins?” asked a young lady in charge of a class of small Sunday-school scholars | of an attractive pair of children who were of the same size and resembled each other very much, i “ No ; we’re Scotch.” they replied in baby- j voiced unison. When the Hunkers of Indiana made up their minds that the study of grammar was frivolous, they protested against their children being taught it in the public schools. The teachers refused to be bound by the protest, whereupon an appeal was made to the State Superintendent, who has decided that teachers may omit the offensive study. He insists, however, that they shall impart orally to all Hunker pupils “ ail that is practical on the subject,” An amusiug end to a tragedy recently took place at the Music Hall in Lancaster, England. Mr. Fletcher was playing Hamlet before a large and appreciative audience. The play went off in good style till the last scene, when Hamlet, who had to kill the king, stabbed the unfortu nate monarch and threw him back in his chair. Bnt, to the horror and surprise of the melan choly Dane, he saw the throne-chair, on which lay the corpse of his guilty uncle, slowly wheel to the edge of the platform on which it had been placed, and then toppled over. Down went the King of Denmark on his head, up went, the feet of the now struggling living king, and vainly did the courtiers try to help him—he was wedged too fast in the chair. The audience roared with laughter, the actors chuckled, the musicians screamed. “ Drop the curtain !” said Hamlet. Bnt the scene- shifter was too much taken up with the joke to obey the summons ; at least, however, the audience, breathless with laughter, saw tlie drop-scene fall on one of the most amusing episodes ever witnessed on the stage. After a short interval the curtain rose again, and Hamlet tried to regain the sympathy of the audience ; but the ghost of the wicked king still cast a halo over the scene, and it was with a hard struggle Hamlet regained his composure, dying in the usual orthodox manner. 