INFANT SALVATION. A sermon preached last Sunday evening, . February 19th, beforo a large congregation, by the Rev. J. D. Hennessey, in the Neil-street Wesloyan Church, Toowoomba. ' Is it well with tho child? And she answered, It is. well.— 2 Sing,, XV, 26. It is computed that over one-third of the human faiqily die in infancy and childhood. To give a very moderate estimate, that would be about five hundred millions in every forty ; . or fifty years, a number very difficult indeed for us . to realise. No wonder that wo ask so eagerly, What is the final destiny of all these innocents ? Is it well with all these children — those born of dusky mothers who bow at heathen shrines, as well as children horn of Christian parents in gospel lighted lands ? I ' answer unhositatingly, It is well. . At one time I used to regard the answer of this Shunamitc woman as an untruth told to get rid of the unwelcome presence of Gehazi. Is it not possible though that she saw deeper and farther than we usually give her credit for? Her answer may have sprung from the fulness of agreat hope that it was indeed well with tho . child whether he was restored to lici or not. Job's words, which it is very probable she was familiar with, may havo been in her heart, 'The Lord gave, and the Lord hath taken awav : blessed he the name of the Lord.' I need hardly rc-skctch this picture of lifo in Israel near on three thousand years ago. Shuinen was in the north of Palestine, between Mounts Tabor and Carmel, and not very far from Nazareth. This great lady of the land was not only wealthy, hut amiable and hos pitable, and a good woman witlial. She even had a prophet's chamber built for Elisha, and entertained him with ungrudging hospitality as he came and went upon his sacred duties. I doubt not, it was a pleasant home there, by the hanks of the river Kislion, 'raid the lovely scenery of the Carmel range, and in the bosom of the finest corn-fields of the world. A child was given this woman as a gift from God, and her hospitality to the prophet was thus well repaid; for to bo without offspring was es teemed among the Jews a reproach and punish ment of God. I need not say how that only hoy — tho son ot his tatners oiu ago — was loved. Ono day when old enougli to walk alone, the child had found his way into the harvest field and was playing among the reapers, when, smitten by a sunstroke, or from other cause, the child ran to his father crying, ' My head, my head.' Not dreaming of sori ous danger tho busy farmer said to a lad near : at hand, 'Carry him to his mother.' And there, upon his mother's knees, at noon lie died. It's the old, old story of love and bereavement, that we arc so used to in this weary world of death. I expect this woman wondered, as other mothers have, and will, ' why' this child was given to be taken again so soon. Why the swcot light that twinkled so short a, time was over lighted to he so soon extinguished, and leave the strangely quiet home in bucIi uttor darkness. What interest, what love, that little visitor had created ! And as the sad-browed woman laid him on the prophet's bed and closed the door behind her, her grief was probably too hitter, and the agi tation of her mind too strong for team. Having read this chapter, it is needless for me to repeat the sequel of this life-like and touching story. First let me draw your attention to the Scripture light which radiates around the in fant's grave. ? It is indeed a cold dark bed in which to lay our loved ones, and the very beauty of the sweet flowers we are sometimes called to leave there supplies a contrast which adds greater darkness to the, gloom, llut God he thanked ! Christ has shed light upon that darkness, aiul the tide of our emotion is stayed by the pro mises and consolations of Divine truth. 'J'liey are not lost, hut gone before. As it may be said that feelings are not arguments, I will pass over the instinct of the human heart ' which cries out for the salvation of all who dio in infancy, and clings stubbornly to the '.'belief that it is not the will of our Heavenly ' Father that one of these little ones should perish, and gather together some of the argu ments supplied us by Scripture, from which we may hclievo that all who die in childhood, baptized or nnhaptized, aro among the saved. Take then the attitude of our Lord himself to tho children. In Mark x, 13tli and 14th verses, we read — I quote from the Revised Vorsiou— ' And tliey brought unto him little children, that lie should touch them ; and the disciples rebuked tliem. But when Jesus saw it he was moved with in dignation, anil said unto tliem, Suffer the little children to come unto me; forbid them not; for of such is the kindom of God.' Lot us not fritter down that word 'such' to mean morely a likeness, it must have included the children then present. Mark, too, these chil dren were not of necessity the offspring of religious parents. The weight of probability iB in favor of curiosity having brought these parents to hear and sec Jesus. _ The disciples were certainly not prepossessed in their favor, and yet our Lord was moved with indignation that his disciples should rebuke them, and de clared these children to belong to the kingdom of God, actually taking them to his bosoin, and there blessing them. But this is not our prin cipal argument in favor of intant salvation, although it is one wo find frequently quoted. At Matthew XVIII., 10th, we read, ' See that ' ' vo despise not ono of these little ones (referring ? to the little child ho had set ip the midst of ' thorn, see verse 2) ; for I soy unto you that in ' ' heaven their angels do always behold the face 1 of'my Father which is in licavon.' Of this ; nassagc Dr. William Cooko says, ' These plain Snrt striking words settle for ever the question o£ infanb salvation. In heaven tho little chil dren ave angels, blesBcd spirits, dwelling m '''God's immediate presence.' I need hardly say that my judgment endorses this beautiful , . . exposition bf the passage, and that by 'their angels' we are to understand not guardian ' angels, as Jerome and others have taught, but tho spirits of departed infants. , Take however another thought. Paul de dares in 2 Cor. v, 10th verse, 'Wo must all appear before the judgment seat of Christ; that cVoiyone may receive the- things dono in ? his body, according to that ho hath done, .... whether it he good or had.' From Job we . ' learn that there will he plenty of justice. So i\ wo may rest assured that all that can be brought forward, both for and against every , soul, will ho submitted at the awful bar of God's tribunal. I imagine In luysi-lt that lust day of terror and amazement. Angels anil archangels, clicrubim and semplnm, surround tho jvlute dazzling throne of Jesus Christ the * V iudgd. Looking up towards that glorious but dread tribunal from amid a gathered universe, , ...I seo the spirit of an infant child brought hc ; . . foro the righteous judge to ho condemned to :.e,.q- eternal hell, -or justified and admitted into tho eternal bliss of ham®. Ike hooks arc open. What is written there against this tiny soul? Nothing! The page is blank! What saitli tho holy gospel of the . char acter of those, who, excluded from the joys of heaven, are doomed to liell? ' For without are dogs, and sorcerers, and whore mongers, and murderers, and idolaters, and whosoever loVctli and maketh a lie.' Seo .Revelation xxil, 15. In all this the infant soul stands clear. Which of tho command ments has lie broken ? The answer must be none ; for the innocent child-soul know nought of 'unbelief, nothing of personal resistance of the truth. There was no love for darkness rather than the light ; and of evil deeds com mitted thoro woro absolutely none. Wlnvt, I ask, in tho eternal fitness of things, must he the sentence ? Is hell a jilting place for that sweet wliUe soul? Will not the righteous judge, with the approval of angels, devils, and men, onee more pronounce the blessed words lie spoke when upon earth ? ' Of such is the kingdom of God.' Sufficient, however, as all this is to my mind to overturn the arguments of Rinnan Catholic divines in reference to unbaptized children, and also some extreme Calvinists -- ho would consign unconscious infancy to holl, there is another passage still, which incontcstihly proves that all who dio in infancy are saved. I refer to the 5th chapter of Romans and the 18tli verse — ' Therefore as by the offence of one judgment came upon all men to condemna tion ; oven so by the righteousness of one the free gift camo upon all men unto justification of life.' Yon will see that in this passage the sin of Adam and the merits of Christ arc de clared to he co-extensive. Precisely the same words are applied to hotli — 'Judgment camo upon all men,' 'The free gift 'caino upon all men.' If, therefore, the whole human race is included in the first clnuse, then tlic whole human race must be included in tho second. And it must follow that as all' are injured by the transgression of Adam, all arc benefited by the obedience of Christ. Whatever advantage mankind lias in the death of our Lord, all children dying in infancy must partako of, or there would he a large portion of the human race upon whom the ' free gift,' the effects of the righteousness of one, would not come ; which would be contrary to this passage of Scriptaro. Christ's death, therefore, as far as the children are concerned, annuls Adam's trans gression, and places tliem in tho same relation ship to God which they would have held had Adam not sinned. Understand me ; they are i not horn regenerate, or in a state of justifi- . cation; material death — a part of tho penalty — proves tliem to have been horn under the whole malediction, hut tliey are also horn under the free gift, which to tliem who are without actual personal transgression, is unto justification of life. As the free gift is for nil men then children are partakers of its benefit, anil that benefit is justification of life. Tho argument might bo followed farther, hut to my mind nothing more is needed on the main question. In Adam the children spiritually died, but as long as tlioy aro incap able of a personal rojection of salvation, in Christ tliey are made alive. As Dr. Robert Ferguson strongly puts it, ' All in fants must he saved. For if there were no personal sins or actual guilt, the Saviour's, mediation would result in the salva tion of the whole race.' It may he asked porhaps, What about in fant baptism ? My reply is simply this. Baptism into the visible church of God on enrtli is the privilege of both Christian parents and their children. The teaching of Scrip ture is plain, and the parents who fail to have their children baptized, neglect their duty to their children and disregard the command ment of God. The words of Christ to his disciples were : ' Go ye therefore, and make disciples of all the nntions, baptizing them unto the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost.' (Revised version). In accordance with these words wo read that the disciples everywhere baptized whole house holds on the conversion of the parents. That the children receive some blessing from God in the sacrament of baptism I am persuaded. When our Lord took the infant children in his arms and laying his hands upon thorn solomnly blessed tliem, tliey must have re ceived some spiritual benefit, or the whole act was meaningless. For my own part I confess that I regard baptism into Christ's church more' necessary for infants that live tliun for those that die, and yet, while holding that all infants — baptized or unbaptized — are saved, I would on no account have a child of mine die unbaptized, if 1 could prevent it; and Isuy this after a most patient and careful considera tion of the whole matter. Let us secondly consider briefly . the con . solutions we have in the death of these little oneB. It is ono of the mysteries of our present slate, that so much young life should just hud and perish. And when our infants die the wounded heart must bleed, we cannot help hut mourn our loss ; and if we do not murmer, our grief is guiltless. We road that Jesus wept. Our very sorrows borne in a Christian spirit and carried to God in prayer, may he channels of wondrous spiri tual blessing. It is snid' that some of the great battle fields of F.uropc, are now yield ing luxuriant wheat harvests. So with the battlefields of life, where, mid sorrow and bereavement, our pride has been humbled, and our sinful selfishness, and idolatry slfiin, as we yielded our loved ones to the grave. From such sad experiences how often there has sprung a heavenly peace, and the sweet flowers of Christian graces, to adorn the character and enrich the soul. Lot us not murmer. May it not be that onr Heavonly Father wanted the sweet child- life and child beauty for the enrichment of our future home ? They have not been given us in vain. Springs of affeotion have been un stopped by their coming. Blessed thoughts have been revealed. New and preoious feelings awakoned. Transient visitors were those departed little ones, but they have not visited us in vain. Consider too, as an old divino puts it, that ' a dead cross is lighter to carry than a living one.' There ore worse things in the world than death. Better would it have been for Eli to havo buried Hophni and Phinohas when simple babes, than to have them bring his grey hairs with sorrow to the grave. Whon God took your child it may have been in love, to save you from a greater sorrow In coming years. The lambs are safely folded. We shall clasp them again in heaven ; tho treasures that are lost on earth ! Receive them back again still children, but oleansed from every earthly stain, and glori fied. You hove read, porhaps, Longfellow's pathetic poem entitled, 'Resignation.' His words are very beautiful ; but I cannot think thom true. Not as a child shall wo again behold hor ; For whon with raptures wild In our embraces wo ugnin enfold her, Sho wilt not ho a child ; But a fair inaidon, in hor Father's mansion, Clothod with ccicstiai grace ; . And beautiful with all tho soul's oxpanslon Shall wo bohold her faee. That is exquisito poetry, but it rests upon no Scripture foundation. Heaven, like earth, will be a place of infinite variety. 'One stardiffereth from another star in glory,' and Heaven will give back tho loved- and lost in many reBpects unchanged. There will be ohild -spirits, as well as those more mature, who having come out of great tribulation 'have washed their robes and made them white in tho blood of the Lamb,' Think too, how maoy parents havo been brought to God through tho death of their little ones. The bereavement proredarudc awakening to the droad realities of the eternal world ; thero would have been no thought of heaven only that tho littlo ono was taken there, ar.d tho hill of sorrow became a stop ping stono to tho hills of glory. There is a touching story told by Dr. Norman Maoleod concerning the death of a Scotch blacksmith's infant son. Ho says: 'The little blnok coffin was brought to tho smith's tho night before tlic funeral. When tho house was ?[uiet, Davio was laid in it gently by his 1 athor. Jeanio stood by and assumed 1 tho duty of arranging with caro the white 1 garments in which hor boy was dressed, ( wrapping them ronnd him, and adjusting tho head as if to sloep in hor own bosom. She ] brushed unco moro tho golden ringlets, and ] put tho littlo hands in their right place, and roinnvi -l ovory particle of sawdust which . soiled the shroud. When all was finished, - though she seemed anxious to prolong the - work, tho lid was put on tho coffin, but so , as to leavo tho faee uncovered. Both were as silont as their child. Ere tliey retired to ? rost for tho night they instiuctivoly went to | tako another look. As they gazed inBilenco, sido by sido. tho smith folt his hand gently seized by his wifo. Sho played at first nervously with the fingers, until finding her own hand held by her husband, sho looked into his face with an unutterable expression, and meeting liis oyes so full of unobtrusive sorrow, sho loaut hor head on his Bhouldor and said, ' Willie, this is my last look at him on this sido tho gravs. But, Willie dear, you and mc maun soo him again, and muni yo, no to pairt; no, L oanua thole that ! We kon whaur Ac is, and we maun gang to him. Noo promise me— vow along wi' me here, that as we love him and one anither, we'll attend mair to what's good than we hae done, that— 0 Willie 1 forgie me, for it's no my pairt to speak, hut I canna help it noo, and just, my bonnie man, just agree wi' mo — that wo'll give our hearts 1100 and for over to our ain Saviour, and the Saviour o' our wco Davio !' These words were uttered without ever lifting hor head from her husband's shoulder, anil in low, broken accents, half choked with an inward struggle, but without a tear. She was encouraged to say this — for she had a timid awe of hor husband — by the pressure over and anon returned to hers from his hand. The smith bont his head over his wife, who felt lii6 tears falling on her neck, and whispered, 'Amen Jennie! so help mo God !' A silence ensued, during which Jeanic got, as she said, ' a gude greet,' which took a woight off licr lioivrt. She then quiotly kissed her child and turned away. Thornbum took tho hand of his boy and said, ' Farwell, Davie, and when you anil mo meet again we'll, baith, I tak'it, be a hit different frae what we are this niclit 1' After that, for tile first time, William asked liis wife to kneel down, and lie would pray be fore tliey retired to rest. Poor fellow! lie was sincere as . man ever was ; and never after, till the day of liis death did lie omit this exorcise. But on this tlic first niclit, when the smith tried to utter aloud the thoughts of his heart he oould only say, ' Our Father — ' There he stopped. Some thing seemed to seize him, and to stop his utterance. Had he known how much was in these words, he might poBsibly have said more. But he continued ou his knees, and apoko there to God as he had never spoken before, Jennie did the same. After a while they both rose, and Jennie said, 'Thank ye, Willie ; it's a beautiful beginning, and it will I'm sure, hae a braw ending.' ' it's cauld iron, Jeanie, woman,' said the smith, 'but it will melt and come a'richt.' This was the turning point in the black smith's life. From that hour he became a God-fearing man. How many to whom I speak to-night have little ones in heaven. A part of your selves beforo the throno of God. How happy tboy are. How great is the increase in their intelligence. How blissful will bo the meeting with tliem by-and-bye — your children still. Will you not fol low the smith's examplo, and vow this night to be the Lord's ? What consolation for the bereaved 1 You may go to thom. tuougb t.ney cannot return to you. w no, l ask? Who having children or other dear ones in the glory land, would be them selves thrust out? Heaven is worth an effort, and not a soul in this congregation need he excluded. Christ's precious blood was shed for you my brother, and if you will repent of your sins, and, pleading the merits of Christ, tako him for your Saviour, God will forgivo you ; ' though your sins be as scarlet they shall bo as white as snow,' aud the sweet chilil-angolB who look and wait for your coming shall not wait in vain, but pre sently wolcomo you to the paradise of God. 