' DECREASING THE SOMAN CATHOLICS." To the Editor of the Advocate. SIB,—Will you allow me to make a suggestion? It is not by origin my own, and may therefore be valuable. The suggestion is, that you should open a subscription list and head it yourself with the prinoely sum of one penny. Of course, you will ask why ypil should undertake suoh a serious responsibility, and I reply that the object IB to raise a f und for purchasing 200,000 copies of the ^ newspaper of last Monday., These 200,000 copies, per agreement, would have to be printed'"to gold," and a oopy distributed to every Catholic man, Catholic woman, Catholic : child, and Catholic bkby as . they oome out of all the Catholic churohes 'in 'the colony after the' ; several Masses on' nextSunday. You may say thfe time is too short,i Granted; but editorial 'energyiia eqattl: to anything, and,.' besides, ,:you needn t put down .the penny, but iowy.promise it., If you want further explanation, and won't lend your powerful influence to t^e scheme unless, you : reo?iye 'an explan^tioij, thp explanation 1ST s&f-evideut.; TEha 'Age. of iait'Mon'Aay con? tairisa'n exalting .ana exuberant ioflOunt of ' all 'that Was said 1 and Qone by 1 the Orange MfeWrgy" bf ' avoir ' hybrid''sect^ and Protestant "Vfcuwli * ia Melbourne, when they assembled and met together last Sain* day, 4th February, to lay the founda®®! stone of a fresh Protestant Sail, the old tan having crumbled down through jvT oankering force of all the fervent prau^L therein offered up for the eternal repose (infoS fire) of the soul of the Pope during the laa? 20 years. Some people are wicked enough to say that the old hall was pulled down at nights, bit by bit, to banish the ghost of Q» boy who was shot from one of the window a few years ago, as hiB blood was visible oa the stairs and floors. From whatever cause the old Protestant Hall, like Protestantism everywhere, wasgettingshaky audrotten,anj a new hall was resolved on in many a thirsty Orange conclave; and the foundation-aton^ was laid last Saturday, and the proceeding at the laying were reported con atnore in tig Age of last Monday. Among the reverenil orators onthisOrangeoccasion, and annonnoei as the representative of the Anglo-Catholic Church of England, figured the Rev. Parson Macartney, son of the North of Ireland Protestant Dean of Melbourne, whose waggish ways and comical utterances about " Popery" have heretofore afforded so muoh amusement to Victorian Catholios. This dry chip of the old zealot block made a speech last Saturday over the new-born foundation* stone, the burden of whioh was that th« Catholics are too numerous in this colony, " and must be decreased"! !! This was the reverend gent's declaration—the Catholics of the colony are too numerous to please his Orange taste, and they must be " (fe. created"!!! You see, sir, how nicely the word has been selected to conceal the deeper and more atrocious meaning. Parson Macartney does not say in terms that the superabundant Catholio population must be destroyed, or decimated, or suffocated in their beds at night with carbonic acid gas. He only says they ate too numerous-and must be "decreased." The wild rabbits in the colony became too numerous two or three years ago, and were ordered by the Government to be " decreased." Straightway, pistol, and rifle, and net, and poison were brought to bear upon the weak but prolific conies; and so successfully were they "decreased" that "Paddy's Market" could show unsold heaps of them. Parson Macartney does not formally propose to adopt this mode of <£ decreasing 1 ' the supernumerary Catholics of Victoria. He goes quite another way to the " decreasing" business, and would have his brother Orange, men try the effect of soft, kind, sweet, per* suasive, loving words upon the redundant Catholics, and "decrease" them with,the mellifluous power of the blarney sione.' As a juvenile Orangeman pt school, he had doubtless read about the bold boy that climbed up into the tall cherry tree, and was brought down by dint of mild'and "coaxing words. Hence Parson Macartney conceived the bright idea of "decreasing" the excessive supply of Catholics, and get tbem down out of the national tree with handfnls of grass or BTJOAET WOBDS. Parson Macartney, it seems, would like to try what virtue there may happen to be in a pot of Protestant honey. He would " decrease " the too plentiful Catholics by doses of the most delicious combs in the Orange beehives, and it is to make his good intentions known to all Catholics that I have at second-hand suggested tbe penny subscription list tocovertheexpenseof printing200,000 copies of last Monday's Age in gold, so that every Catholic man, woman, boy, and baby in Victoria might have a copy of the Parson's speech, and read it, mark it, learn it, and inwardly digest it, and oome at length to understand what an affectionate overflow of brotherly love may spring ,np in an Orangeman's heart for his dear "Romish" relations. We all know what effect the soft words had upon the bad boy up in the top branohes of the cherry tree. He wouldn't believe in them. And then? Then the amiable gardener tried what a volley of stones would do. And this is just the transparent meaning of Parson Macartney's soft sawder dodge. Over : the Orange Hall foundation-stone he "gam*' mons" charity as a part of the day's sport.; He would "decrease" the Catholics by means of soft words. But he knows full well the | Catholic is to laugh in his sleeve when Pro* testant foxes come preaching peace to their, geese in wheedling' whispers. But the soft i words failing, on comes the shower of stones flying about their ears ; and the Catholio is to be "decreased" by.every .".base, blpodji and brutal" device and pretencer wherever Protestantism is in a etrong majority. Can we not picture to ourselves Parson Macartney going forth on his " decreasing" mission, honey pot in .hand. Presently he meets ^ Catholic. My ,depr, dear friend," he says,;?, "are you fond"of : honey?'? ",YeB,,,M*»; Macartney, I am very fond . of' honey "J "Then, my .best beloved brother} dpati' our mouth wide ?' Catholic opens his mouth,'; and Parson lidlep ' in a few spodnfia]8.i. " Do youiike it?" ' Catholio smacks his lips, and replies," Yes ; it's beautiful. Hare you any more?" " Oh,-plenty ; only opStf'yotir mouth." Catholic's moiith IB filledagain, and again. - " Now, my inuoh esteemed friend, X must tell you that this is genuine . Protestant honey; do you feel a little inclined our way after tasting it P You can have nnire ifci if you feel decreased froiji Romanism by what: you have had.'; '«Oh, rjiBs,^I feel—bttt>.,I„ say, have you inore P" "Yeg j open yon* mouth, and another forge Ibolus is,adnuni»> tered, and the Parson eagerly 'inuiures, Now, my brother in Christ, you fejt,faff, more disposed o walk our way than you'dut P*" vathouo answers, interrogatively, " Haven't, you mort of the honey?. Parson lo^i&T; thfi *hpleWfuL 1 /rott/awa'prot^tAtat'i&k;^ werftyan ?» « And y<m li4*e ho'mort hdWy #' « Not just now j the pot is empty. • We i, then, Parson, you may goto the- -1 with tour empty pot," and Catholic walks on Celling. And then a gun appears at K d o w of the ProtM Sail a_nd tog goes the gun, and a bullet whistles S h e retiring Catholic's ear; and then father and another, until retreating Catholic thinks it as safe to wheel round the barest comer. Parson Macartney a soft, kfof sweet, melodious proselytising words being soon exhausted, all Catholics toowwhat remains for them. When moss L grass fail, the sharpest flint pebbles will be thrown at us. This is what Parson Macartney means, and bis platform humbug deceives no one—not even himself. At the laying 0f the foundation-stone of the new Central Orange Lodfre last Saturday, the Catholics of Victoria were publicly threatened with a revived reign of Orange terrorism, and intolerance, and tyranny. And if you, Mr. Editor, -will not patronise my suggestion in regard to the purchase and distribution of 200,000 copies, in gold, of the Aoe of last Monday, I hope you will at least feend an Advocate to each of the 200,000 Catholics of all sizes who arc to be "decreased," with Parson Mac's speech in It, so that they may all say their last prayer, and be ready to "decrease" meekly, and give the Orangemen no trouble but that of shooting them. Perhaps, as a clever clinch, the Age- mav not wish us to be all " decreased" until after the next general elections, so that its Orange gang may get our last votes. But the elections over, and all Catholics having voted for all Orangemen on the Age's ticket, then the "decreasing" may go on with a vengeance. I am, sir, Truly yours, PEUTETHE. February 7, 1882. 