N a leader we have made full reference to I the question of city sins mentioned by a Melbourne correspondent. Here we may make farther reference to high-class infamy conducted at the very gates of Parliament Houses in that city—a house specially fitted up for a debasing and impure trade. Its splendor was astounding, and it was the resort of the wealthy who could afford golden and purple debauchery. We bring this specifically forward in order to ventilate the rumor put before us some time ago, to the effeet that in a suburban district, eastward of Adelaide, a 4omewhat similar establishment has been set up by an enterprising tradesman, occupying a position in a prominent part of the city, who looks upon it in the light of a highly-remunerative speculation. Probably something is known of this already, and of special importations to furnish the establishment; and this may be very stale news indeed for the authorities to whose attention such cases as these may be commended. HE Herald of St. Petersburg has published a complete list of the marriageable T princes and princesses living at the present moment in Europe. The marriageable age for a prince is taken to be from 24 to 40, and for a princess from 18 to 28. The former, therefore, has sixteen marriageable years, as against a poor decade of the other. On the other hand, the number of eligible princes exceeds that of marriageable princesses. There are 31 of the former and 27 of the latter. Most of these princes belong to prince-ridden Germany. There are, indeed, no less than 20 German princes n«w on the marriage market. In this list is not included any representative of the Royal House of Prussia, the eldest son of the Crown Prince being married already, and the second being only 20 years old. The most eligible bachelor of the nnn^r is, w> doubt, King Ludinp, of Bavaria, but no more obdurate bachelor and misogynist exists. The rest of the princes are little better tlian princelings j and in mentioning one of them, Henry XVII., Prince of Reuss, the chronicler from whom we are quoting, thinks himself bound to add that though the principality is but small, the Prince is enormously well off. The rest of Europe has but a poor supply of princes by side of Germany. France offers a Bourbon in the person of Prince Peter d'Orleans, born in 1845, and now occupying the humble position of lieutenant in the French navy. Denmark supplies a candidate in the shape of the King's youngest son, Prince Walstemar. The Royal House of Italy furnishes that eligible widower Prince Amadeo, once King of Spain. Another widower of a less eligible description is Prince Albert, lord and master of tiny Monaco. The Netherlands, Austria, Russia, and Portugal each furnish one or more representatives to the list. Of princesses there are in the first place, and above all the Princess Beatrice, the only remaining unmarried daughter of the Queen, now 25 years old. Other princesses are to be found by the wooer with the necessary qualifications in Spain, Portugal, Austria, Holstein, Hessen, and other minor German principalities. Lastly, if anyone is bold enough to woo a new Penthesilen, she is perhaps to be found in that descendant of a line warrior chieftains, the Princess Forka, of Montenegro. T HE role of Joseph Hume in miniature, taken up by Mr. Mattinson, member for the Port, does not seem to have been very successful. Whilst his general principle was right, that increases of salary, it required, should be for all deserving officers in the Civil Service, he was not fortunate in his selections for a test case. The Chief Inspector of sheep has been under promise of an increase so long by successive manipulations of the Crown Lands Department, that we question whether an action for breach of promise might not reasonably lie against the Goveri.ment if not carried out. Blunt knows —and doesn't hesitate to express an opinion upon the point—that selection is often without merit, and that it is too much the practice to heap up favors upon special individuals ; but this does not apply to Mr. Valentine's case. . . . By the way, we observe that the Advertiser, in commenting upon this case, denounciates Mr. Valentine a thief inspector. Possibly it may have been found necessary in relation to public finances to make a new appointment, with a wide range of duties; but we confess that we had not heard of it before. THE Hon. Member for West Adelaide is to JL ask the Government whether they propose to introduce a Bill for licencing Sharebroker's. Blunt cautions them against any such baleful idea, under the conviction that already they take far too much license. HE new idea of making the sitting days Tof the Assembly Mondays, Tuesdays, and Wednesdays, is to be brought forward by the Hon. Member for Wooroora, Mr. Bosworth. His idea evidently is to saturate Mondays' legislation with the influences derived from the well-known dovoutness of all members of Parliament on Sundays. The proposal, viewed from his standpoint, is most praiseworthy, and the Monday sitting will only require the taking up of a "collection" by die buttoned messenger of the Chamber tt throw over the proceedings, quite the air of a religious service continued from Sunday evening. If there were any Catholics in the Assembly, we almost fancy it might be opposed on the ground that it tended towards disgraceful Protestant design at perversion. THE total cost cf the imported Yankee J- engines appears to have been—including freight and charges and alterations and additions—£36,314 19s. 8d. What of their performances and real commercial value to us, and if these are not up to the mark, with whom does the responsibility (if any) rest ? . . . . We hope that in future we shall attempt as far as possible to construct these things in our own colony by our own skilled labor. HAUlt are th' guid auld days the 1100 ? W Innovation an' paltering wi' uncanny an' unlawfu' things even in Psalmody. The goodly Flinders-street Presbyterians are for an organ-gallery, ye ken,—wilti' -in' wofu' departure fra upricht ways! Who ever heard o' sichlike whimseywamsies in the days o' John Knox r "DETURNS have been presented to the ^ German Federal Council on the state of recruiting in the Imperial army in 18S1. It shows that all Germany, exclusive of Bavaria, the total number of young men liable for service was 1,157,257. Of this number 381,276 were in their 20th year. The number men on various grounds, including physical of disqualifications and others, wholly or temporarily excused from serving was 723,688. There were in addition 13,804 supernumeraries liable to be called up at any moment to serve under the colors. One of the most startling points in the official report is that referring to defaulters or absentees. It appears that last year there were altogether close upon 130,000 men, who, being liable to servicc, failed to report themselves when called up. Another fact not generally known in connection with the " model army of the world " refers to the punishments awarded for evasion of military service. That in 1881 there were no fewer than 11,580 young men condemned to loss of all civil rights for emigrating without permission ; and there were in addition 13,000 offences of the same kind still under investigation when the report was made up. HERE are so many things said goodnaturedly and—well, ill- ditto about the T Largs Bay affair, that it may be well that we should refresh the minds of our readers by there facts :— The Ojter Harbor scheme in 1878 was for a breakwater at Largs Bay, and new jetty from the Semaphore, running towards Largs Bay, but did not include a railway to Largs Bay. The Boucant policy, in 1875, proposed a pier at Largs Bay, and the extension of the Semaphore Railway ; and that was withdrawn in consequence of the rejection by the Assembly of the Stamps Bill. So that after all a railway to Largs was not a new idea so far as Government is concerned. ELL done, Mr. Furner! Here's to your W luck and your pluck, the best—spring water ! You want to know whether the Government will introduce a Bill for Repealing the Judges' Pension Act passed not long ago for—as Blunt bluntly puts it—the disgraceful purpose of moving out of the way one man—and pensioning him at the public cost—that another might by himself and his colleagues secure a fat Government billet. Of course this Government, with eyes "wide open, said—No, they were not going to take up the odious position of inviting revelations and criticism on the acts of their predeqessors. Then Mr. Furner himself—we care hot^fiy whom inspired—boldly aroused his intention to introduce a Bill himself. We wish him good speed with his project, and the support of every right-minded man in the Assembly. T HE proportion of population increase to public debt increase in our colony is Bhown by a return laid on the table of the House of Assembly by Government. Population. Debt. Per head Immigration expenditure. A a. d, 11, d July 1,18C6 I GO,383 796,200 4 10 3 41,316 19 5 July 1, 1870 182,047 1,6(16,900 8 12 2 1,341 2 2 July 1, 1876 203,107 2,930,ISO 14 7 7 22.730 7 8 July 1,1680 240,471 »,165,600 37 17 8 24,951 18 0 July 1,1882 389,62o 11,8(2,104 39 3 11 29,807 12 3 AN Newcastle (N.S. W) contemporary speaks V/ of the dissatisfaction caused by the reintroduction. of the Crane Regulation, and qvotes the following among other illustrative cases of how they are working:— The barque Venilam (consigned to Mr. George Hcwison) came alongside No. 3 steam crane on Thursday morning last, between 10 and 11 o'clock. Application was duly made at 4 p.m. to the wharfinger to be allowed all night to work. Whilst loading the vessel during the evening, a steamer came and moored immediately astern ; and another steamer made herself fast alongside of the Vcrulaui as 18 p.m. The Vcrulam required, iu the ordinary routine o£ coal shipping, to shift later on to her forehatch, but had no room so to do, owing to the steamer astern. Consequently she had to stop loading A full complement of trimmers and crew were aboard; but no persons were aboard the steamers to'move them. Hence, the Vcrulam was absolutely compelled to cease working. On the followiugday she presented the necessary documents to the Customs, when Captain Osborne (hermuster) was informed that lie must pay a line or £7. lie refused point-blank, and sailed to South Australia (Wallaroo) without any clearance. In point of fact she left the wharf on Friday last at 11 aan,, having taken in GU3 tons coal, from underneath the crane which has the quantum of only 500 ions "per dayi" assigned to it. A day, however, it is presumed, is to be considered 24 hours ? I T wili be noted that the Port Corporation is about to make a start with asphalte pavement for the footpaths. By-and-bye there should be such a marked improvement in the Port that any wandering ghost of an old Portonian who may happen to turn up will conceive himself transferred to some well-governed inland city. See what is to have an active and intelligent Public Works Committee, bossed by such a Town Surveyor as we can boast of: A CCORDING to the view of everyone who has acquaintance with the manner in which South Australian affairs are managed in England, this colony is not sufficiently made known or advertised to the people in the old country. It has been suggested that Australasia should be represented in the Imperial Parliament, but it is very doubtful if this concession will be granted for a long time to come, since the moment that was arranged, every group of British dependencies would claim a similar privilege, and a new and quite distinct element would have a voice in the British Legislature. This, which we may regard as a perfectly fair thing, would be met by the opposing conservative influences which are of centuries' growth there, and it would take a decade probably to overcome the prejudice against such innovation. Mr. D. C. F. Moodie suggests a plan that is not without merit—a permanent' board of control having functions similar to those of the Council of India, specially charged with the oversight of colonial affairs as effected by British legislation, and elected by the public of the various colonies. This is worthy some consideration. T HERE is some comfort to the reflective moralist in the thought that through the elevation of the masses is not perhaps going on as he could wish, yet there is an elevation perceptible in some parts of the world. Thus the surveyor to the Finnish Government, Herr Rodas, states that on June 25th, this year, lie carefully measured the height of a hole, bored according to authentic records, 2 inches above the level of the sea, on the coast of Osterbotten, on June 25, 1755, and discovered that that part of the coast had risen, in 127 years, 6 feet 4 inches, or more than half an inch per year. T HUS the Jamestown Review on the intercolonial railway question:— This futility is all the more vivid when th« unpleasant fact is introduced that the extension of the Nairne Railway to the Victorian Border will, for the greater portion of the distance, pass through country—which is barely worth 10s. an acre, and the produce from sucli sterile tracts of land will not go far towards paying for the working expenses of this projected white elephant. It is strange, too, that a ministry should introduce a public work for "blow" or convenience at the same time, when their Commissioner of Public Works gives utterance to the statement that lines of development are the only projects which fall in with ministerial views. This proposition is no line of development. In no way can it benefit the City of Adelaide except as a convenience for would-be visitors to Melbourne, whose suffering from vial da uwr preclude frequent visits to the sister colony. If free trade existed between the two colonies we should be able to send frnit in large quantities to Melbourne, but, on the other hand, all the business of the South-Eastern residents would gradually be alienated from our fair metropolis. * * * If a line of development be desired by our citizens of the metropolis, surely the extension from Morgan and Wcntworth is more desirable than the Nairne extension. The former will open up country of 11101c value to the colony generally, and will be an effective step towards the federation which all far- seeing colonists look aud hope for. T HE the reception repeal given of Postage to Mr. of Ward's Newspapers Bill for on Wednesday was by no means cheering, and we are not by any means sanguine of its successful passage through the Assembly. We believe, however, that could hon. members forget the age of the present law, defend themselves against a possible charge of inconsistency, they would take off this impost which presses so heavily upon the hard-working provincial journalist. HE hon. member for East Torrens, Mr. T Playford, should be treated with extra regard since he lias upset the theory (formed on modern practice) that future legislation was not to take cognisance of Scriptural authority. He actually appealed to the New Testament as a reason why Oaths in a Court of justice should be abolished. He said that the New Testament disallowed the oath. Mr. Playford will be deemed " a wonder unto many," since lie actual]} reposes some confidence in Scriptural teaching! W E are —constituting not sorry to see the the largest Moonta centre people of population on Yorke's Peninsula—are not sitting down quietly under the various snubbings they have received in the matter of railway communication with the metropolis. The proposal is to force them in perpetuity to waste time and money by going round to Wallaroo, before they can get to Kadina, following two sides of an irregular triangle in the journey. They ask direct connection with Kadina and Snowtown, and the Government, and interested persons say:— "No, you shall not have it 3 just or unjust, you shall go by way of Wallaroo, we are not such fools as to allow you your own way." To this end the authorities insist upon making the horse tram route at large cost into a line for locomotive traffic, and refuse to make the direct line at absolutely less cost! The consequence will be that the line will not be used by any traveller who can possibly avoid it, preference being given to a buggy-drive on t he direct route. But Moonta is beginning to pluck up spirit, and is making an appeal to Parliament which ought to be successful, as it is a question concerning not only the people of that locality, but all the residents on Mid Peninsula. Years ago there was a movement to get the Barunga Line direct to Green's Plains, and so on to Moonta; but the wirepulling was too severe, and the then supine and half-hearted Moontaites were overmatched, to their present greet discomfort. 