. :: .H 1-/J1.T ..1 ' T — . ; DETERMINED '.SLiCE!;pE'l:!MiR An inquest was neld onFriday by MrOaridler,! at Northcote, upon the body of Marion Atkins,! aged fifty-eight years, wife' of William Atkins, of .Cunningham 'street; Nbrtbcote) ! who out hen throat on thopre viouB morning. . Martha Hayes,' nurse, deposed that she was in attendance ori the/deceased, . arid that -on- Thursday morning sh b lef tiier .in the room for about five niinutes: When witness returned she was ; lying, on thb floor witlx a razor in her hand, arid was , An! the act of butting; her throat witli it. 7 There !was only a small inoision then, and witness took tho razor frbm'liei', threw it on the floor, arid . held her down and 'called- for 'asaistance. No one' heard. Deceased then endfeavoured to open tbe wound, and witriess finding that slie could not stop the blood .which- was flowing," 'left her for a moment to, call her husband: ! . When witness re turned to the robrii deceased) had another razor,' and had just made a much larger wound. Dr.| O'NeiU 'Wiissoiit f6r,":bilt tli'e; deceased only lived fot;a/q'uarter qf ari-'li(iuiV/7;A large" iquautity of blood damb from the wburid. The -deceased wai| going about-the houao;;but was deranged in lier mind,, ajid-witnpss was. engaged to, attend on hoi spdbiaUyinconsemiqncr./': Dr Rae'hnd aeen'he thday'bbfbre.' j.Shb Jiadi sliowri a toiiclency tq suicide; arid' had iriade previous atteinpts to' - cuu hor-jtlireat;: : NVituesq' from Sanqburst" on tlip 23rd inst.) where silo had been -for lier hoalth. Mr Atkins was aware of -liei! tenderi'aibs to".! siiicido. 7! When' (she. 'rirri ved atj Nurthcoto witness kept, her in sight, and slept in tlo rppn) witlj .her. . . Could pot say how . aim. got' tbe ritzdrs:' 1 She liid sufierbd from'dbrarigemonc fqr qboubpi. nqnJ;hs77'.Kriu)y; ,f|f no, .cpusq for her ' 'insanity, arid ' had lio kriowletlgb Of ) tliej razqi'sjb.eipg ji)...,her, rqpm;.: ;,Had examiriedj.the rboriV for' 'Woaporis, ,;but Elliot, domestic servant,. , deposed that a box) containing the razors 1 was -.kept //qn aiichost of draw.ers.'in the. deceased's , bedroom; but ahe could not say whetlier .the box wiri docked. Had moved it while cleaning the room';7 but' (lid not ldolc into-it, and could not 'siy' vlrhether; it was itl' the room .when deceased retririibd froiri Sand hurst. W-'H. 'AtkinB,- retired' Ciyjl servant, de posed depeosed was his \Vjfb,aildth£itshowasfifty- .peven years, of age. J-Rei' wafl .at'hjs .reakfast . lylien t|io nurse Hayqa, ru'sjibd.intb cfio roopi and .told him.thbidbqeasqd had out h'eii itlirqat. . „-Did not hedriHaysSiPail PHt previously,: jbeoause ,;qf liis deafness. Tho razors were old ones of /his, and I10 thought they- had been given away years -ago..;; "Ho did not knoiv they were in the1 /house. -This 'was .the principal ; . evidence,; > and 1 the jury:retnrned ii vordict'ofi hemorrhage frqrii's'elf- irifficted''wbunds," while!in-"al'state of irisanity:--'1 ,.-J ; r ( I :;ii:3Dg: -ji". ;. i- u-.-.il'.l :- i ii .. . ! . 11:1 1 i 1 1 1 ;i - j ;oi Whit-Sunday. — " And they -wero. all filled withtlie'Hbly 'Ghost, 'arid began- to speak 'with) b'tliertjiriguea as'the'Spirit 'gave theiri Utterance'."' 'We have great reaSon; to' adbrb llib 'wisdom ' arid! goDdriess' of God' iiitlio dispbrisatiori of ' the Gos pel, that(by tRp ,aenclipg down- of. His hqljr, spirit, to ondp'iy tlib first publisHora of this heavenly de.ct'rind.witn, suplj mifaqulbiis po)vers,an4 gifts. .ElPphaibgiyen. s'ucli, abundant; tpstimony, tp- the truth..of:pur religion, and suqh plain grounds for our faith to-rely upon; - Thi3 is"tho"great end of all tbo miracles which (God hath wrote for tho confirmation of, Christianity J that .by) the belief of tlio Gospel riien.'migHtUive,.tb ith'o' bbodionee of faith and conformably-to the precepts of that holy .rqligiqn >vhicl) the. Son of God, by ,so, many miraelos, .'bath' planted / and .1 preserved in the world. Tlio infidelity of men will be a hoavy charge upon tliom at tlib' judgment of tho Groat Day, and God will condemn them for it ; but we that profess to believo tho Gpspol and' live con trary to it, shall not only be' 'cbridqmned by the judgment of God,, but' by'thb sentence of our own cbris'ciencbs bur professing to bolieyo tho Gospbl will bo an aggraviitibri 'of our disbbedierice to it, and that .faith' ) which wns ordained to justify, us will Ub bqU great bpnilpmnatipn at the Great Day. "Wo ouglit to give tlib more earnest lieed to tlio things which :wo' have lioard, lost at any time we fall away." — Archbishop Tillqtsou. ; , ; , ! v ; i v i In England barmaids wish that their hours of labour should ' bo reduced and yot their presoqt .ifvto of wages should . be , maiuh"»od. 1 Truth,'), pbsprvqs that tljpir hqure pf labpur may bo long, ybt thoy are . relieved by a. good dan! of professional flirtation, and Bo fascinating is tho business of . " barmaiding " tliat thou sands of girls would be' found til accept with ploasuro tlio -Bitnutiuiia which are hold by their present incumbents wore they to become va cant. 1 7 7 ' ' Speaking of tiie wretohed mistakes .which difr forent ages make concerning tlioir, greatest ones, Carlylo'said— -" Why, the Jews took Jesus for a scoundrel, and thought all tlioy 'could do with Him was to nail Him up on a gallows. AH ! that was a bad' business j and so He has re turned to lioavon, - and tlioy go wandoriiig nbbut tho stroqts buying .old elothos." Thomas Scliaoflpli), ngod niuoty-QUC years, walked nine miles to renew hjs subscription to a now London fiaper. It is tho geheral improssion among pub- islio(s thjit tboiq nro a riujribpr. of subsoribors who nro Waiting uritil thob are uino'ty-ono years old to comb ih' and pay fo'rtheir pAp'or, .Aitf . ; ) ' ) ' v,./. ; ' Ari old ministor in the north cf Scotland was: on as roproaobed for representing hell to his flook as a- very cold place, abounding in ioo. and snow. it 'Deed," replied the old man j " on' if I told tKem! " was a warm plana, thoy a' bo for grigih' tillit !" i 