FRIGHTENED BY SHADOWS. 'lis wonderful to watch the little dodges " Liberal" politicians pursue, in order to lickle the ears of the masses. The history of the Reform Act is fresh in the minds of most people, and they will remember how Mr Berry snapped right and left when cornered ; running this way when he thought he saw an avenue of escape, the other direction when he thought he could find safety there. He only wanted office, and he was ready at any moment to give anything ; the next- Second he waB off on a " Never, never, never," game. At first he thought that by sticking to his own bill, and nothing bat the bill, he could rouse the country, and stick to office. The people were tired of Berry and Berryism, and would not come when he called. TLea he flew off in the other direction, and humbly accepted what was given, in the hope that his readiness in betraying his political friends would lead his opponents to keep him in office. But they did not, and Mr Berry fell. At the time when he deserted his party, he was fully warned of what he was doing, of the real effects of his Reform Bill ; but he would not hearken to them. "Mr Mirasis, im plored ; Mr Longmore shrieked ; Mr Woods roared ; but Mr Berry held on his way. And now, after all this, we find him and his party, in which Ibey are aided by members of the House who ought to know better, bnt seem t > have been frightened by a conjured ghost, are endeavored to resuscitate the dead body, and to raise the flag against plural voting, which they themselves expressly and without solicitation ex tended. The sham has been well exposed by Mr Miraais, who has pointed out in a letter to the press that Sir Uuari.es Sladen's clause will have little or no effect, inasmuch as plural voting is already allowed to any extent by the bill, a fact which he proclaimed, in and out of season, waile liie iiGiorxn jjiii vas ueiuio the House, and with a consistency that was honorable to himas a politician. The crassness of the Assembly, and their de sire to make capital out of nothing, are shown by the persistent manner in which they refused any compromise. The whole difficulty is a bagatelle. Defects were discovered in the act, such as seem invariable in our statutes, owing to the carelessness- with which they are got op ; and the Assembly, on its being repre sented that through a flaw 20,000 licensees whom the framers intended to enfranchise would not be able to vote, passed a short bill to clear up all doubts as to the rights of licensees to vote. The council had in the meantime dis covered another flaw. A proviso had been inserted in the original bill, to the effect that uuless joint owners' names appeared upon the rale-book thoy could not vote — that is, take out rights, which they could do prior to the act passing. This disfranchised all joint owners who did not occupy their property; and- as most joint holdiugs are let, the result would be that nearly all the joint owners in the colony would be disqualified. This was as great an injustice as the disqualification of the licensees, and Sir Charles Sladex sought to remedy it, by inserting a clause which would allow all joint owners of property to be put on the rate-book, whether they were oc cupiers or not, thus restoring them to their former position. All the hubbub has oc curred through this. The Assembly will redress the grievance of the selectors, but not the joint owners. The fact is, the majority of the members of the Assembly at the conference did not know what they were about- or what the Reform Act meant. Their asiniue obstinacy was further shown when they refused to accept a proposition by Dr Hearx, to excise the objectionable proviso in the act, and to let matters revert to thi positions they were in before the Reform Act was passed. But this the Assembly would not hear of by any means. It looks as if they wanted not only to make capital out ot the nll-ur, but also to play a trick on the Council. They would bring in these 20,000 Radical licensees and exclude the joint owners, whom chey suspect of Constitutionalist ideas. Wo certainly think that after the absurdity of their contention has beeu made so clear, aud the bogy discovered to be only made up of old rages, the people will not back the Assembly up in any quarrel with the Council, in which House everyone's hopes are now centred, for the purifica tion of that Augean stable, the Railway Bill. The Assembly will in the end lose its 20,000 voters and gain nothing, for the joint owners, aro few indeed. Alto gether, we decidedly think the Couucil has the best of the little affair. 