ABOVE THE SPEAKER. BY TIMOTHEUS. " Timotheus placed on Weh." The House makes progress with the Ra Tray Bill ELI a ship drifts broadside on. The ia motion without much control. La week was the old story, with the episode of disturbance about that crux, the central in way station. If Mr. Bent told the true about the central railway station, he won say that he cannot exhibit the plans also ing where it is to be and what it to be, because he does not know himse! But for a week the Minister plays the part of Polonius to a score wanting to know, you know" Hamlet Now the station was like a weasel, now like camel, now very like a whale Each day we nessed a new sketch, and each new sketch was more mysterious than the other. In one instance Mr, Bent's disgust was equal to the of the painter Martin on one historic occasion, and for the same reason the critical member who was loud in du satisfaction had studied the design upside down It came to this stage at last that the only thing the Minister could do was to ICE kia temper and he lost it accordingly The there was the customary reconciliation, to bill was proceeded with, and the stirring question as to what the central station of the future is to be was forgotten. Sunshine to be extracted from a cucumber-Laputa not withstanding pence may be squeezed from pauper, but plans from a Railway Minister never have been forthcoming. The Opposition resolved upon a demon stration in force in connexion with the bill t qualify licensees, and to remove doubts about the joint owner It required the enthusiast! of a Don Quixote, of the audacity of veteran politician, to convert into a for and able danger the tiny, little, wee facing the Council modestly asked should be afforded for the restoration to his right of any joint owner who may have accidentally forfeited his privilege When the knight of la Mancha discovered the barber's basin, h did battle with all and sundry who were bob enough to declare that the object was not warrior s helmet The " joint owner " was a barber's basin to Mr Deakin. He vindicates for an hour his right to regard this being as a terror. And BB for the audacious politician who affirmed the same thing, they abounded It soon became evident, however, that there would be no debate in the proper sense of the term, as the Opposition were to have the talk to themselves that their lawyer would have the usual professional wrangle that their municipal magnates would have their say, and that their patriots would decision to an unexcited country, The municipal magnates were the most dreaded for Mr Laurens was prepared, and the form of a Barr had been garded. When Man and Saturn were in conjunction no prudent general of old would fight, and when Messrs Laurens and Barr are in ill-omened union there is nothing for the ordinary member but to take refuge in flight The Constitutional corner bolted en masse. For hours Mr Bosisto was the only representative of the majority party in the House. It is the habit of Mr Bosisto to remain on these occa- sions, and hence no doubt it is that he looks so much older than he is, and hence the " Bad sweet smile " He lives but like the Cavour his countenance tell tales of the searing scenes through which he has passed The unlettered peasants knew by his face where Dante in imagination spent his days So does the observer recognise at once the member who sits out the long debate. Yet to Mr. Mirams the evening was one of joy. Fortune has not been kind to the member for Collingwood He has written the addresses, manufactured the cries, and done the work of the Radical party, and not one crumb of reward has fallen to his lot But he has one satisfaction, and that is to point out how the Ministry which commenced by excluding him went on from bad to worse and worse, until at last it passed the Reform Act, and he betrayed the cause His exposure of the measure (from the Radical standpoint) was as pitiless as ever, As the then Ministers of the day sent the bill up to the Council is deprived property of representation, as it came down property was restored to its privileges. Mr. Mirams recalled how Ministers secured their supporters that they would go out rather than surrender, and how two days afterwards they hoisted the white ling For) years, says Mr Mirams, the Constitutionalists have sought to establish a Strong, popular, and untrammelled Council, which should be a real check upon the Assembly in periods of storm, and the Berry Ministry gate it to them. The Constitutionalists, he avers, can even hardly yet realise- their own success, Such declamation as this makes the occupants of the front bench on the left feel somewhat Back What is worse is that Mr. Mirams, who was hooted for talking in this way twelve months ago, is now cheered. The radical members are undergoing the conversion of Dr Quick, who confesses that the one vote he regrets which he feels was a great mis- takes the one he gave to pass the Reform Act. Now that the Council elections are at hand certain astonished representatives are running hither and thither seeking to hide their Legislative heads as did the goblin pago at BrankaomeCastlo His words were found, found, found," There are "sold, sold, Bold Memo Here would be a grand opportunity for appropriating and introducing Professor Pearson a famous and familiar illustration of a party seeking to strangle its Tranken Stein " The difficulty is that Frankenstein was not the monster. He was its creator, Ono impression left by the joint owner discussion is that there must be four Sir Charles Sladen's Oliver Wendell Holmes has described how each individual has three persons There is the real John There is the John whom John knows a very different personage from the reality There is the John the world recognises, who often has little to do with either of the other Johns But in addition to these three there is a fourth leader of the Council, namely, the Sir Charles Sladen depicted by Major Smith, Something the chief pro tem of the Opposition had to say in order to vindicate his position. With the audiences which the hon gentleman loves to address, arguments may be thrown to the winds as safely as physic may be consigned to the dogs The article, in demand IS something spirited and personal, and this Major Smith can always supply He treated the House to a study of the Nestor of the Council. In the same way the school men used to depict Satan They had to admit his powers, his seductiveness, his intelligence, in order to account for his success They could only add," Beware " Sir Charles Sladen, according to Major Smith, in ten clever, much too clever, for any one in the Lower House, Mr Berry is not his match AB to Sir Bryan O Loghien entering the lists against him, why the hon gentleman, when he thinks of it, faithfully carries out the stage direction of, " Go down to the footlights and laugh." "It is sufficient for me," said Major Smith, " that Sir Charles Sladen pro posed these amendments He is too nature for all of us, In the interests of the public safety, all that he proposes should be rejected If not the Radical party will be taken in, In the Council Sir Charles is regarded as being straight as an arrow and simple as a child, Yet when Major Smith spoke in the Assembly there was responsive applause The rank and file of political parties would part with everything thelr principles, their leaders rather than their bogies. Note for conaideration-whether certain applauding members would altogether object to be taken in by Sir Charles Sladen taken in to a Ministry. A graveyard is not generally regarded as an oasis in a desert, but the House seized noon the cemetery question raised by Mr Kerferd mitt light and interesting topic compared with the other business before it, The member was hailed as a friend who argue that it is manifestly improper to place cerne scenes in charge of corporations, because the latter have " neither bodies to be damned nor souls to be saved." Mr. Francis is not often humorous, but he was moved to tell a story of a local council which had no other asset but the cemetery and it mortgaged that, and the idea of a posse of ghosts in a pawnshop caused much merriment. When Sir Bryan promised to put himself in communication with the interested bodies," be meant the trustees and the councils, of course, but the House took it the other way. And Mr. Brophy's graphic description of the annual effort made by the Chinese to " hunt the devil out of the cemetery " provoked the question, " Why is nothing of the sort tried here ' ' Little things amuse men when they are in the vein, And so it happened that this discussion, contrary to the rule of late, was not both dead and dull. Mr. Munro is a landowner and a bank manager His position in the radical corner is apt, therefore, to be a somewhat awkward one, for the tradition is well known that next to the landowner the worst enemy of people in the banker. They are twin ogres The one is an open worker and the other a conspirator, and now Mr Munro combines both characters in his own person, Long must he have agitated upon his dilemma, and he announced the solution this week with an air of satisfaction His formula is-" Property has no rights, but the owner of property has " Charles Lamb has a little essay on the virtue of a parenthesis, a "besides," and a "but," and the little disruptive conjunction was never more usefully employed than in this instance. As the sentence stands, it embodies a one working principle, which should pull its lucky proprietor though all his troubles. The first portion of the sentence does for the eager democracy of Hotham, from whom it will elicit a howl of delight, and the latter part will be received with approving nods in the bank parlour in Elizabeth-street. Mr Munro [ can snap his fingers at property in the abstract, and can insist upon profits, upon payments and upon compensations in the concrete. The discovery marks the true politician, who should always be the apostle of judicious compromise What said the Presidential candidate " Tell them that on the prop ty question 1 in Right, although to speak 1 in lawth This gives you a Bale pint to rest on, An leaves me fronts' South by North Not often does a Government find a friend so sjmpatbiBing as 13 Mr Carter just now The member for St Kilda has been made wretched, it seems, by noting how much Government business is delayed by the surrender of an additional two hours to private members Though a private member him self, he is ready to sacrifice the time. He is willing that private members should only take up to half-past 6 on Wednesdays instead of up to half-past 9, in order that the legs tation of the State should be proceeded with. The Government business which Mr. Carter IS anxious about will be facilitated, and not only that but the Tramway Bill and the local option resolution, which Mr Carter holds in deep abhorrence, can easily be stonewalled out of existence Pleasant, indeed, it is for a member when the public welfare and his private wishes thus happily march together. Mr Mirams will find it necessary to patent some of his ideas Payment in paper as suredly belongs to him, so far AS Victoria is concerned. And the leasing proposal is all his own. Yet Mr M'Coll is taking possession of both, and amalgamating them into a whole. He would buy the land already sold back in order to lease it, and would pay for it with debentures It must be very nearly all over with the canal, or else this new scheme would hardly be (lotted 