A RAILWAY WORKSHOP FOR BEECHWORTH. A correspondent in & recent issue has again thrown out tbe hint that as it is in contemplation to establish railway worksboDS on the North-Eastera line. Beechworth has some claims to con sideration. We trust we are not too grasping, hut we are inclined to snpport our correspondent's idea, for tbe reasons given by him. Benalla is the first place elearly entitled to its workshop. It is nearly eentral to the various, termini, and will itself have several lines branch ing off from it ; and as in this particular Waugaretta will presently be the starting- point for another branch line, up the King River Valley, that town also will by-and-bye be a convenient place for repairs, painting, Ac., Ac. Bat if, as our correspondent pointed out, the mag nificent timber in the neighborhood of Stanley could be profitably utilised for railway purposes, it is evident that a great saving could be effected by working it np at Beechworth. We see that ex periments are being made wife a peculiar timber found on fee Thomson and other rivers in Gippsland, wife a view to its employment in fee lighter portions of railway carriages. If the experiment prove successful, this would lead to the establishment of a national industry. It would open up the country, give facilities and inducements for settlement and pros pecting, keep money in Ihe country which now goes out of it, aid create a fresh source of. emnlovment. The Stanley timber is so 'well known feat it has a far and wide reputation for many purposes — for mining, building, shingles, house furniture, tool handles, railway sleepers, carriage building, and a hundred other- uses. It is not too much to expect that some of the varieties would be valuable in the railway workshops, and if prepared for its ultimate p.urpose ou the spot, it would AT (TAT1 ran cotrn A fa wi nf tlia cafnea wi wwuioo D»fo iuo waiuio Ui kUU 4VIUOV) besides providing additional employment from a natural and legitimate source. Indeed, it is a pity to see the reckless manner in which our local forests are being destroyed ; for although the indi genous trees grow to useful timber in the magnificent soil of the ranges hereabout, within a comparatively few years, there has been no .systematic plan followed either of protecting the young growth or of replacing the older trees as tbey are removed. Nature, however, is with us bountiful in this vespet. Often where we have had reason to observe some specially magnificent specimen of gum or mountain ash among the ranges twenty years ago, on revisiting the place we find our old friend gone, but a well- grown tree that would build a house standing in its place. With such providential re sources, it surely. becomes us to learn in how many ways they may be employed, and a railway workshop at Beechworth, for the manipulation 0 i timber alone, might prove to be of benefit not only to fee district, but to the State. Wangaratta Debating Society. — A meeting was held at Osboldstone's Coffee Palace, Wangaratta, on Wednesday even ing, for the purpose of forming a debating club, when the following gentlemen were present : — Mr Jas. Sloan (in the chair), the Rev. Mr Poole, Messrs - Allan, Smith, Robertson, Brown, " Norton and Dewar. Mr Dewar, at some length, explained his object in initiating fee movement; and Mr Sloan, in au able manner, introduced the business of the meeting. It was re solved that the name of the club be the Wangaratta Debating Society, and the subscription of members be sixpence for each meeting ; meetings to be held every fortnight in the Masonic Hall, Mr Osbold stone's offer for the use of the building, for five shillings per meeting, being accepted. Mr William Allan was elected treasurer, and Mr Dewar honorary secre tary. Mr Dewar was instructed to write to tho secretary af the Beechworth De bating Society, to ask for a copy of their rules, which will be,, considered at a meeting to be held on .Tuesday evening, 17th inst., when a president, vice-presi dent and committee will be elected. After a vote of thanks to the chairman, the meeting adjourned until Tuesday evening. Licenses Approved.— Wm. E. Cozens, 19a, Myrrhee ; John Auld, 176a, Laceby ; John Jones, 320a, Wangaratta South ; Richard Sargent, 257a, Peechelba ; John Rowe, 100a, Killawarra ; Patrick Cun- neen, 8la, Bontherambo ; Adah M. Porter, 140a, Oxley ; Thos. Bould, 320a, Wa- bonga ; Kate Woods, 121a, Bontherambo ; Edward Beaumont, 163a, Bontherambo ; John Jones, jun., 44a, Carboor ; Maggie A. Carmody, 318a, Myrtleford and Euran- delong ; Richard Delaney, 40a, Kergun- yah ; Win. Cure, 94a, Yackandandah ; Robert Yea, 88a, Kergunyah"; Thomas Welsh, 76a, Kergunyah ; David Robinson, 206a, Yackandandah ; Jehn Arter, 77a, Dederang ; John Hayes, 183a, Bruarang ; Henry Davis, 11a, Beechworth ; John Airey, 320a, Everton ; Mary E. Thomson, 320a, Yabba ; Elizabeth A. Simpson, 80a, Nariel ; Ruth H. Thomson, 320a, Yabba ; Mary Scally, 100a, Talgarno ; Thomas Rees, 13a, Wodonga ; James H. Pooley, 100a, Tatonga ; Wm. Berry, 5a, Wodonga ; Christina M. Petersen, 80a, Talgarno ; Wm. Berry, 6a, Wodonga ; Richard T. Trapp, 29a, Bindi ; Florence Worcester, 206-1, Hinnemunjie ; Thos. Kelly, 224a, Hinnomunjie ; Mary C. B. Feely, 7a, Everton ; John Dyer, 4a, Hinnotnuhjie. Licenses Declared Void.— John Shea, 2a 2r, Everton ; Laurence Sha, la 3r lOp, Everton ; James Matthews, 59a, Bontherambo ; Peter Ryan, 42a,-Baran- duda ; Robert C. Luke, 118a, Tawanga. Cricket. — A scratch match was' played on the Beechworth Criokct-ground be tween sides chosen by Messrs Veitch and Geldsworthy. The former winning the toss elected to bat. The highest scorer was Bullen, who run up 20 runs in a moat creditable fashion. The iiininga closed for 52. On the other side, Moore and Jackson were the only two — wife 23 and 10 respectively — who made any stand; 47 runs being the total for the innings. The successful bowlers weee Bullen, Bar bour, Foster, Goldsworthy, McAliece and Brett. A word of praise is due to Hanna- ford for the way in which, he fielded, and it would be well if some of the eleven would follow his example. Rolls Declared Valid. — The rolls of ratepay ing electors for the Towong division of the Gippsland Province and for the Benalla, Chiltern and Rufeerglen divisions of the North-Eastern Province have been declared valid. " The Prisoners' Aid Society. — We have received the tenth annual report of the Victorian Discharged Prisoners! Aid Society, for the year 1881-82. Since the formation of the society In 1873 up. to the 30th June last 3832 dleshntged prisoners have applied at the offices fer aid, of; which number 566 were applicants during the last twelve months; 187 were paid gratuities earned in gaol by good conduct, 333 were assisted in various ways, 30 were declined as unworthy ef help, and 16 failed to call a second Suae aooerding to appointment. Of fee above number, 125 applicants were forwarded to fee country and elsewhere, some to employment, others te relations, 111 weee supplied with blankets and articles of clothing, 29 re ceived various amaunlis fa cash, and. 17 were supplied with tools of trade. .. Of fee 566 applicants, 129 reepived temporary board and food during fea time feey were seeking employment, and same of the latter nqmber also received Other aid. The Special Supplements Rolls. — No returns having been reaalved by Mi W. T. Soulby, the Beeohwoith registrar, in every instance, so far it fee Beech worth division of the N orth-Eastern Pro vince is concerned (under the Legislative Council Supplementary Rolls Act 1882), the election in November next .for the North-Eastern Province will be decided by the ratepayers, and Igeheralfrolls, already compiled and revised, for fee Beeiobworih division. A Warning to Householders.— In a paper read by Mr Link, before fee Geelong Health Society, on "Poison on the Wall," the following passage occurs : — ' 1 Arsenic would be found on almost all modern wall papers now used in decora ting houses ; and this he clearly showed by experiments. One of his children became ill shortly after her bedroom had been newly papered ; aud on testing fee wall paper, he found it contained an immense quantity of arsenic on the walls, which greatly injured the health of the occupants of the house, and, he also thought, accounted for many of the deaths of his children. Tbe people were careless about the uutter, aud only thought to please the eye, instead of first considering their health." Mining Leases. — The mining lessees in the Buekland division of fee Beechworth niiniug district to whom reference was made at the meeting of fee mining board, as not- complying with the labor cove nants, were identified by numbers iu our report last week. In response to inquiries on the subject, we (" Observer") can now state we have been informed that the following are the leases in question Myrtle, Australasia, Oriental, United Miners, and one held by the Red Jacket Oo. Profitable Fowls.— A resident of Soldier's Hill, Ballarat, appears to possess a fine breed of poultry, says the " Star." During the space of twelve months his fowls, 16 in number, laid no fewer than 2355 eggs. For the information of the curious, it may be stated that the fowls belong to the Houdan family. Wahgunyah Mem. — Our correspondent writes : — On Friday night last a concert in aid of the funds of the Border United Football Club was held at the School of Arts, Corowa. Mrs Eastwick was the chief piani3te on fee occasion, and filled the position iu her usual good form. Mr J. C. Leslie, both in the first- and Becond parts of the programme, was in splendid singing form. Misses Eastwick and Leighten rendered the duet " Friend ship" very pleasingly. Miss Leighton, in the second part, sang very sweetly, "No One to Love." Mr W. Duncan sang " A Gallant Heart" in the first part, and "Nil Desperandum" in the second, in good form. Mrs Benshall's "In the Gloaming" and Miss Crock's " Thy Face" were sung well, and their duet, "Flow on, thou Shining River," elicited an encore. This is the first appearance of these ladies, and we hope to have the pleasure of again hearing them. Messrs Renforth and G. Louch gave a comic duet, " Herr Kaiser." Bot-h gentlemen, it is needless to say, did well. Mr S. Renforth sang a comic song called " Mulldoon, the Solid Man." He was most enthusiastically encored. Anew feature in the programme was a recitation by Mr D. Oswald of an extract from "The Lady ©f the Lake." This gentleman has a pleasing manner of delivery, and I again trust it will not be long before we again see him on the stage. The night's performance concluded with a fatce, entitled " An Egyptian Episode," with the following cast Sir Garnet Wolseley, .Mr F. Donnelly ; Arabi Pasha, Mr G. Louch ; Arabi Due, Mr A. Paul. The audience enjoyed this part very much, if we can judge by tbe laughing face?. On the 23rd of next month Mr B J. Smyth, musical preceptor at the Wah gunyah School, will inaugurate an enter tainment at Wahgunyah, to be held in Mr J. Foord's store, for the benefit of the common school ; the proceeds to be devoted to fee purchase of prizes for the children. The children will take a part, and I am sure, from the able manner of instruction, they will be quite competent to please. Several ladies and gentlemen have kindly offered to assist. The idea merits encouragement, and I trust to have to record a bumper house on the occasion. The river is 14 feet 3 inches, and falling. The following are fee crossings at Wah gunyah during the week ending the 14th inst. : — Wool : Momalong, 122 ; R.R., 103 ; B utter wah, 68 ; Teremia, 63 ; J.A.W., 18 ; Nangunia, 55 ; Burrongeng, 51 ; Waagamong, 31 ; Oocketgedong, 51 ; Emu Plains, 27 ; Hay, 65 ; Goonambil, 219 ; Narrow Plains, 18 ; V.Y.- 49 ; How- long, 49 ; Urana, 50; McGeoch, 10; Barrajaa, 21; Bundure, 122; A.R.A., Widgewa, 62. Sheep, 8529. Cattle, 618. Customs Returns. — Returns just com piled at the Albury Custom-house show the total collections for the quarter end ing the 30th September to be £5889 12s 4d ; fee returns for the June quarter be ing £5619 2s 9d. Total imports for the June quarter are £76,685 ; total imports for the September quarter, £111,435 ; total exports for fee June quarter, £29,649 ; total exports far the September quarter, £23,791. The fpllowiug return shows the values of the principal imports for the September quarter, wife the increase on each item, compared with returns for fee previous quarter : — Drapery, £21,891 (in crease, £4400); jewellery, £5839 (increase, £2000) ; boots and shoes, £2926 (increase, £600) ; machinery, £1608 (increase, £1000) ; tea, £2735 (increase, £800) ; wool packs, £1029 (increase, £600) ; agricultu ral implements, £1700; timber, £1663; fencing wire, £908. The imports of live stock for the past quarter were : — Horses, 163 ; sheep, 4632 (these were mostly stud sheep, valued at £20,431) ; cattle, 545. The live stock exports for the September quarter were : —Homes, 110 ; sheep, 3899 ; cattle, 1955. Omeo Marble. — An Omeo telegram to fee " Argus" states Mr Easton, the Omeo Shire engineer, who had been sent to examine the marble deposit at Lime stone, states that what the residents of the district have been considering blue lime stone, when the surface was broken turns "out to be pure white marble, and thou sands of tons are on the surface. The road frem Omeo is fairly undulating, and "there are no unsurmountable difficulties to the construction ef either a road or light line of railway. .. . . Quick ! Presto f ! — We lately witnessed at ' Wangaratta one of our moat famous PanjanderumB performing healing mi racles. One of them was a case of a poor .tittle cripple from Tarrawingee, who was pronounced after a whiff or two on his poor little limbs, to be on fee road to a perfect cure ; but he is no better as yet. Another was that of a girl nearly blind, -one of whose eyes was pronounced by fee miracle monger, to be so entirely gone that he. did not operate on it. By some mis take 'of the spirits, that' repudiated eye now,;, it is Baid, sees, the tight. One per son, who was present at the performance declares that he beheld " a perfect cure ;" bnt.it was not the patient.-' Mr Anderson. — Mr John . Anderson, traffic manager of the Victorian Railway department, has obtained 1,2 months' leave of absence, and it is' rumored (says the "Age") in oireles feat should know that he will not resume his post at the expiration of his deave. Superintendent Winch. — The "Age" understands that in view of fee conflict of evidence. given to fee Police Commission and' for ether reasons, the Government witiprobably see its way to grant Superin tendent-Winch the board for which he has aske'd, afid to ilhich tie is considered to be enti&ed; by the strist letter of fee civil ser. iodregiilatioiu. Beechworth Amateur Racing Club. —A meeting of fee stewards and members of committee of the above club, to draw up a programme aud make other necessary arrangements for a race-meeting '.at Baar- mutha Park on New Year's Day, will be held at the Star Aotel, Beechworth, at eight o'clock on Friday evening, 20th inst. As the club has already £80 in hand, the committee will be in a position to issue a liberal and attractive pro gramme, to render the second meet under its auspices as successful as that of Easter Monday. Bad News. — A telegram from Donald states : — The effect of the hot winds on the crops is very serious. At Narraport one farmer has nlnucrhed a train for fallow- xr. — -o— — a ing, the prospect of a crop being hopeless. Inspection of Public Charities. — Mr H. F. Neal, the inspector of"" public charities, has submitted to the Treasurer bis annual report on the various charitable institutions of the colony. The report, we learn from tho " Argus" deals -'very exhaustively with the diverse proposals which have been made from time toi time for the more efficient and economical management of the various charities, and shows how far these have been carried out. Mr Neal states that regular Govern ment inspection has already produced improvements in some directions, and gives the managing committees credit for having shown a willingness to adopt suggestions for checking extravagance and impositions. The report, however points out tho want of seme means o t bringing pressure to bear in the direction of reform, and the necessity of giving managing committees more effectual means of checking impositions. The Turf. — The V.A.T.C. Spring Meeting was brought to a successful con clusion on Saturday last. The weathar was beautifully fine, and there was a very large attendance, including his Excellency the Governor and suite, reporta ihe " Telegraph." Business opened with the Hurdle Race which was won from end to end by Lord o' Clyde, with Merry Maid second, and the favorite, Sportsman, third. The South Australian filly Delusion left the paddock a strong favorite for the Nurse'ry Handicap, and she justified the confidence by winning, after a most exciting set-io with Duenna, who was only defeated by a nose, Henora, being a fair third'. Thirty-two horses started for the Caul- field Cup, which was appropriated by the St. Albans representative, Little Jack, after a close finish with Verdure, who made all the running until within a few yards of the winning pest. Gipsy Coo per was a fair third. The Fiadon Harriers Gold Vase attracted a large field, the winner turning up in Blackthorn, who won very easily from Alhambra, who was second, with Highflyer third. The day's sport terminated with the Windsor Han dicap, which fell to Prometheus, Saionara and Squireen filling their places. The. race for the Caulfield Cup is thus de scribed : — After the usual preliminaries, the field was taken possession of by Mr G. Watson, and allotted their places at the starling-post, Cooreena being on tho inside, with Darebin next, and Baron von Mueller next. Dougalston, Verdure and Little Jack were in the middle, the favorite been on the extreme outside. Fryingpan was very troublsome at the start, and Santa Claus, as usual, lashed out very viciously all round, Little Jack being badly kicked by hira. On the word being given, Dougalston and Verdure were first to move, then came Baron von Mueller, Gipsy Cooper and Fryingpan, the others being in a cluster. Verdura quickly took possession of the inside run ning, and led past the stand, followed closely by Tumutl, Dougalston, Sardonyx, Baron von Mueller, and Darebin running abreast next, the other division being led by Gipsy Cooper. Lord Burghley, who appeared unable to raise a canter, was last, although Pigott was already using the whip freely. The field became en veloped in a cloud of dust as they rounded- the turn, and when tbey next came into view Verdure was still at the head of afiairs, going splendidly, her immediate attendants being Tumult, who was second, with Sardonvx third : then came Assv- rian, Darebin, Cal.ua, Dougaleston, Gu- darz, and Gipsy Cooper, Lord Burghley i still acting as whipper-in. No material alteration in the order indicated occurred as the field raced along the back stretch. At the sod wall, Tumult retired, and Calma dropped into second place, Verdure still continuing to lead. Rounding the home turn, Flying Jib made his run, and the order was Verdure, Calma, Flying Jib, Little Jack, Gipsy Cooper, Frying- pan, and Gudarz. Once into tho straight, it looked any odds on the grey mare, whoBe rider foolishly kept well out from the rails. Moore, who rode Little Jack, seeing the opening, came with a terrifie rush, and although Sheehan took the whip out to Verdure, the St. Albans oolt got home first by half a length. Gipsy Cooper was third, Calma forth, Fryingpan fifth, Gudarz sixth, and Dougalston nir4 the- -last to pass the post being. Ifiw Burghley. Time, 2min. 41£sec. Australian Wines. — The Bordeaux Wine Exhibition is already producing re sults moat encouraging to the vignerons of Victoria. A leading Bordeaux firm, Messrs Feist and Co., by letter dated the 6fe of AuguBt, has applied to the well- known vigneron, Dr A. Mueller, of Yack andandah, to know at what price, and in what quantity, he can supply annually a |certain wine exhibibed by him. The wine in question is a delicate dry verdeilho of 1 879. A large quantity ef it was sold in Melbourne by auction las.t year at 5a lOtd per gallon. Whether Bordeaux merchants will give that price is an im portant question ; but such indirect testi mony from France to the quality of onr' wines should encourage both home pro duction and consumption, remarks the "Age." Mr Archibald Forbes. — Though more distant from Europe by a cable's length than Australia, Tasmania seems to taks quite as lively an interest in fee men and movements of the old world as her move considerable neighbors, observes the " Argus." Mr Archibald Forbes, who returned to Melbourne on Saturday, after spending a fortnight in the two principal cities of Tasmania, speaks in the higheat terms of the intelligent appreciation of his lectures manifested by the large audiences that assembled to hear him. Perhaps, also, it may be accepted as a significant indication of the general prosperity created by the tin mines on fee . northern Bide of the island feat tha andienees in Launceston were nearly as numerous as those of - the capital. Incessant lecturing, however, Is telling on Mr Forbes's health. His medical advisers prescribe rest ; and at present it would seem as if the celebrated war correspondent will be unable to carry ont his intention, of delivering a course of lectures in tho Melbourne To wn Hall during the "race week. Mr Forbes, however, is most anxious to witness the grand scene at Flemingten on fee Cup day, that he may have an opportunity of comparing that brilliant and multitudinous assemblage with the Goodwood, Ascot and: Epsom meetings of the old country. After the race week Mr Forbes will leave for .New Zealand.' The Chiltern Festival.— In our ad vertising columns appears the programme of a grand amateur minstrel entertain ment to be given in the Star Theatre, Chiltern, on Thursday evening, 9th prox. The Wangaratta Turf Club.— Owing to a variety of circumstances, chiefly be eause it was market day, the meeting ef the Wangaratta Turf Club which was to have been held at Mrs Ketts' Albion Hotel on Thursday did not come off. It, however, transpired that there was a small balance in hand, and. it was evident that a determina tion exists among some of the most promi nent members to bring next year's meeting to a successful issue. An adjourned meet ing was held at Mrs Kett's on Monday. There was more than an ordinary at tendance, and Mr Alex. Tone was voted to the chair. The minuteB of the last meeting were read and confirmed. The balance-sheet was brought up and ap proved, with some congratulatory remarks as to the present financial state of the club. The balance-sheet showed a cash balance from last year of £66 18s 5d, wife sub scriptions to come in of £10 93. There had been paid to the old trustees out of this, who had rendered themselves liable for the debts of the club, £50 last year. The club stood in the position that their receipts, including balance for last year, were £292 14s 2d . As it stands at this moment, the club have £7 7s 5d in the bank to their credit without any liabilities except, ef course, as against the trustees. But as the trustees are willing to Btand the racket, it will be all right. Mr John Norton was elected President with many complimentary expressions. Messrs A. Tone and John Evans were elected vice- presidents. Mr W. Dale was appointed judge, and Mr Peter Thompson was un animously elected as weigher, a general opinion being expressed that he could not be improved upon. Mr Rawlings was elected clerk of the course, and Mr Baynes was finally chosen as hon. sec. hd hon. treasurer. A committee of 20 was formed, wife power to add to their number ; and the date of the meeting, the programme and other preliminaries were to be fixed at the next meeting, to be con vened for the same place within a week, so as to give people at a distance an op portunity of expressing their opinions as to fee fixtures generally. It was almost vesolved, or, at all events, recommended, that there should be no qualification fee, and feat the entry should be only 5£ per cent. Snakes. — These pests are more nu merous this season than they have been for many a year, and the recent warm weather brings them out. Some of them have recently made very successful public appearances. A boy named Tripp, a resi dent of Wangaratta, wa3 bitten on the finger by one of the vermin on Sunday -last. He was sent to the hospital for treatment, and is now all right-again. Country Excursions. — From Mon day's " Herald" we learn, the Commis sioner of Railways has decided that the xcursion fareB which are to be granted at Cup time shall be applicable to persons leaving, as well as going to, Melbourne. 'Leases Approved.— John Turner, 200a, Bundalong ; John Pearce, 319a 3r, Bon therambo. Wesleyan. — The anniversary services In connection with the Wesleyan Sunday- schoel, Beechworth, will be conducted by the Rev. Thos. James, tke well-known and popular preacher, of Melbourne, on Sunday week, 29th inst. On the following Monday evening a tea and public meeting will be held, when Mr James will deliver an address ; and on Tuesday evening he will lecture on Heads and Faces." Runs' Forfeited. — The Barnawarbha run, in the Beechworth district, and the Buroa and Strathbogie runs, in the Be nalla district, have been declared forfeited for non-payment of rent. A Grand old State Coach. — One of fee principal objects of interest at the ap proaching coronation of the Czar will be the carriage of the Czarina, which is the same that was presented by Frederick the Great to the Empress Elizabeth. It is a tort of double throne upon wheels, and is hung, not upon springs, but upon huge bands of velvet. Within, it is upholstered with red velvet, and has a large mirrer in front, facing the occupant, framed with wliite satin. The coachman's seat accom modates four persons. It is drawn by Ight horses' of purest white, wearing harnesses . of crimson velvet, encrusted wife gold and'precious stones. The cost ©f furnishing up the twenty-three vehicles of which the cortege is to consist has mounted to two hundred and thirty thousand roubles, or one hundred and ©venty- two thousand five hundred dollars. Jewelled Garters. — ' 'J ewelled garters ace duplayed in the stores," says the Cin- eignnii "Enquirer's" New York correspon- dbnt, <\- but it is -tiaturally beyond public knowledge whether they are a great deal worn. I do Hot personally know of a ingle instance ;. yet I am told that many modest girls thus decorate their limbs. Jewelled garters are kept in stock by the jewellers, and they must, therefore, have sale. Some of them are haudsome and costly, being set with genuin3 atones. One Kir on exhibition bear in eacti a large, illiant diamond, and the price is 500 dollars. But dealers sometimes get up such things to attract attention, without expecting to sell them. ' At all events,' aid woman who was examining this pair, ' it ought to be a safe way of carrying one's diamonds.' ' Not so,' was her com panion's reply ; ' it would merely add a new danger to the perils of highway robbery."' Extraordinary Fidelity of a Dog.— At a fire in UppferfSymonds-atreet, Auck land, a splendid', Newfoundland dog, be. longing to Messrs Robertson, was burned to death in the destruction of their pre- mieea. One of the brothers slept upstairs, tiut before retiring to rest, placed the dog in fee shop to protect it, with an injunction not to stir therefrom till he was told. In fee excitement of the fire, Mr Robertson forgot to call the animal out of the shop. -One ef the employees, a lad, endeavored to get it out by fee collar, but it refused, In response to the 'orders given by its matter the. previous night, to budge, and died at its post th'b victim of a high sense ef duty. The brothers were accustomed te aendthe dog wrfh ihossages to the family aeeMenee, TakapunSnd it would prooeed .to IIm Queen-street wharf, take passage by the Ferry steamer,- deliver the message, and return similarly wife the answer. It would go to the tool kii if sent for a chisel or an other article, turn the tools over wMnta paw, and select1 the articles called tm ; In fset, could do everything almost I but speak. The family shed tews of un- affsetad regret over the untimely death of tha noble animal, which met its death heroically, and from as high w sense of duty 8 fee Roman sentinel of Ancient tow. Who shall say after thia where Instinct ends, and reason commences, in i few kente V Mr Robertson informs us fest-to would not haVe taken £t0 for fee to " | AppRovED.-joserr US 2r 30P, Wagra. Ph Toal, 9a B The Police comfisstov' t pa.ted that the labors of fee P0HC H mission, so far as taking JaZ i . Cm. B will be concluded this week evideiJC9, B Puffs and Powder. — a n -r, llll statistician says that no le83 ih DgUal> H thousand swans' skins are ann VeVa H ported into London alone for tL y imi ' manufacture of the " Vffs" 5® e/cluW purpose of laying ponder on tl Every swan's skin makes ahm,«. - e f«ce. 1 which would make an annual , Wfit 1 of four hundred and twentvniLmptioQ 1 puffs. Is then fee natural I the English skin a myth ? tu, lifine33 of % life statistician says that ton!Sm? 5 wheat powder are conSUaie!, nof riCe and i England, and he regrets thl nnually in I much rice and wbool . ,th0 Waste nf S ter used to feed fee be bet- Iff The Comet.— w r & j the travelling represent e WiHiamS. ;1 leyan . Home Mission, A following to the "Spectator" nfcs 1 astronomer, and the cnm«V"- no IS orbit, for we have no Home Mk of at present. Still I may sav b T ltera II about it. A gentleman in Salltof/' P got np the other morning to see £ II and, looking out towards the ea 11 to Set a better view and th 9 Sflt H the comet, he found it' w instead of Bit on fire. When he c irae back h gUmtree I had a good view TtttmWeVe/'he M earnest in recommendin- otE't W.as H lor it was a brilliant sight Mv l ,see lf. K Bairnsdale, Mr Armstrong safd 6 I 1 uesday evening, "We are getting M to- morrow morning t o see tw. ' ? e?rly II loan you?" 11 just what I want." So, soon . '' Z 8 H o'clock, we were out looking at the rt C B grand sight. I would not have mi I for a good deal. I am sumrised Eof lt have seen it, and most of all surprised tS 5 I have not seen it before now I the comets that I have seen in my uftl I been only like the ghosts oK5J T! J this looks like a real live comet T i j I that so little has been said to stir « get out in the early morning and seethe 1 brilliant sight I suppose the repor t 1 are too busy observing and reporting thJ eccentric movements of other bodies to pai mxxch. attention to this strange visitor - 1 but our astronomers might have put a ! little more enthusiasm into the thin and I have awakened people. Ever since I saw 1 it I have been pressing people to get up between three and four o'clock in tha S morning and look towards the east and see I the wonderful sight. I Tramways fop. Melbourne. —Mr John 1 Weir, representing a syndicate of San | Francisco capitalists, has made an offer to K lay down tramways in Melbourne on the 1 endless wire rope or cfele system, which does away wife the use of horses or mo tors. _ The system has been in full operation in San Franscisco for nearly ten years. It does not difi'er from the ordinary r- syatem so far as the rails are laid, except '? that feey are heavier; but in the centre «f J fee space between the rails there is an j endless wire rope that works in a tubs I below the ground, and is guided and kept J in the centre by means of sheaves. The rope is kept in motion by a stationary en- gine, and the power is transmitted from the stationary engine to a " dummy" attached to the cars by means of a gripping ma chine, which operates on the wire rops. The gripping machine passes through a narrow slot, seven-eighshs of an inch wide, in the upper side of the tube in which the rope travels, but so fixed that dirt and dust cannot choke Hp the tube. The "dummy' in which Ihe gripping ma- chinos aud brakes are placed is fastened to the carriage with the usual couplings. When the carriage is travelling, the gripping machine holds the wire, which travels along at such speed as arranged at the engine-house, generally from six to eight miles per hour, aud when a stoppage is desired the gripping handles are pressed together, the grippers open, and tha carriage stop3. These carriages can ascend an incline of 1 foot in 6. 