' ' JfJ?. JOSEPH CONOR'S, LECTURE. The third of Mr. Cook's lectures was delivered last night, at the Melville- street Church, the subject being, "Eternal Hope; or, Repentance after Death." A more numerous audience was present than on the preceding evenings, but the number was far short of the audience that assembled at the first appearance of the lecturer As to-night's lecture will conclude the series, all who have not as yet heard Mr- Cook "are advised not to lose the chance of so doing. There were present on the platform the Revs. W. C. Robinson, G. Banks Smith, and Messrs. J. Macfarlane and E. Shoobridge, "Mr J. Macfarlane presided, and introduced the lecturer to the audience, announcing at the same time that the subject of to-night's lecture will be "Spiritism." Mr. Coon commenced by saying that the Almighty was undoubtedly present amongst them that evening, and in view of the solemn subject on which, he was about to address them, he would ask them to act as if they were on their lines, and listen to his words without applause. He had thoroughly made up his mind not to go out of this world, trusting to the opportunity of repentance after death, and what he would not do himself God forbid that he should recommend others to do. He would deal with eternal hope, and final permanence of the moral character, practically, theoretically, and then scripturally. He would ask all present if they were willing to go out of this, life with a chance of repentance after death. He would not say that the doctrine was not true, but it would not bear weight. By so much as a man or woman was dear to him, by so much would he persuade them not to lean on this teaching of repentance after death. It might be called a doctrine of the luxurious, who had given little attention to religious truths, who thought that all would come out right at the last, and who used the wufW as worldlings while life lasted. The defenders of this sapphire complained that there was no way of advancing it without doing mischief. The lecturer contended that any great truth could be preached to do good, and good only. It was very suspicious that this doctrine must be handled like an egg without a shell. What had we to do with the seductive charms of repentance after death The lecturer would not trust the weight of his little finger on it. true or untrue, it had not any practical aspects. He quoted a Hindoo text, which went, he said, deeply into the heart of his theme, " Repeated ein impairs the judgment. He whose judgment is impaired, falls into sin." Here was a law by which blindness came to those who sinned against light. It was the use founded conviction of his inmost soul that character exhibited a tendency to require a final per- manence either for good or bad. The universe was under the control of a most merciful governor, What would be said if the Parliament of Tasmania enacted a law that the habitually intemperate should have their good judgment taken away, their veins filled with noxious blood that they should be served with delirium and that their offspring should be dismissed. The whole world would stand aghast at such a law. But these were laws that had been enacted by the Supreme Governor of the universe, and had been, and were executed daily, and the powers had never yet made an apology. There were as many blessings as nurses in these laws. The two-edged swords which guarded the gates of Paradise, guarded them with a steadfast exaction. Where there was eternal sin, there was eternal punishment. is Mark Jj, verse 29, it was said, i "He that blaspheme against the Holy Ghost, has never forgiveness, but is in danger of having eternal sin." He would not let any to telling stand on one text, and would refer to the last verses in the bible, " He that is holy will be holy still j he that is filthy, will be filthy still, etc." Without holiness, there could be no blessedness. The Almighty could not make the wicked happy. With regard to the annihilation of the incor- rigibly bad, Spurgeon's answer to a protest against his belief in it was quoted. He was quite willing to take the responsibility. The lecturer rejected the doctrine of annihilation as being contrary to science and Scripture for while the forces of man's nature might be disarranged by sin, they were not annihilated. The lecturer defined perdition as the final permanence of character, dissimilar in nature from the Almighty's. There might be more light come to the wicked hereafter ; but it was not certain that they would take heed of it or love it, as in every one who willingly did wrong, the conscience as a moral sense was number. The lecturer concluded his discourse by criticising the revised edi- tion of the New Testament. Mr Cook then pronounced the benediction, and offered up a fervent prayer. Dr S X3 Camille, In the New Orleans Journal) says -"The 1 Turkish Until is one of the most potent remedial agents known to the profession, and should be introduced into every house Uni city, and village in the land ' Nothing can be more thoroughly rejuvenating than ii To rid a h Bath The elasticity and brilliant) experienced after an Indulgence In one of these Oriental luxuries convince us that they are as marked and beneficial as must have been the perennial waters which Do Soto imagined would impart eternal youth '-Hobart Turkish Baths open daily for gentlemen except Tuesday s and Fridays for ladies WHAT DO YOU SAY to deliciously) flavoured leo Creams, Custards, Jellies, sauces, etc If you wish the best flavour that can be produced not only BuithKiiH Iiaiouhimi LA that i h ((-shunter.) They are MUirantecd perfectly pure, free, from the oihONouN oils and Aunty that enter into the manufacture of the man) fruit flavours now in the market A Beadle a lad will summer the most sceptical that the above are solid facts Ask your grocer for and Insist upon having Luitsms Iia\uuuimi Lah both liuitNFii a Au va pt I mind a most exquisite] perfume for the hand kerb I of *jlaukaí,t and labour her Hale by the mists and grocers Wholesale by Barron, Moxham, and Co Sydney 5 5 one mile out im In in and that was a few drops of the liquid ' J Floriline sprinkled on a wet tooth brush produces a ph plan t lather, which thoroughly clean lines the teeth from a 1 parasites or impurities hardens the turns, prevents tartar, stops decay, gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly will to ness and a delightful fragrance to the breath It removes all unpleasant odour arising from decayed tooth or lobaocosmoko ' The I fragrant J Lorraine " being composed in part of honey and sweet herbs is delicious to the taste and the greatest toilet discovery of the age Price 2s (6d, of a!) Chemists and perfumers Wholesale depot removed to 113 J orri u çd on Band London ' New Lamb ton Old Ones 1 I " (vide Aladdin and Judson )-Ko do everything with Judson's Dyes Ltd gild your picture frames with Judson's Gold Paint. Be Black your garden, grow, etc, with Judson's Artists' Black. Sold a Gkonuftta StatlooMi. ud MonkMpwaj 