MR. MOODY AS A PREACHER. What is the secret of Mr. Moody's great power as a preacher ? # That is a question which has been cften asked, both in this country and in America. Having heard him several times since he began hi c new campaign in Newcastleon-Tyne, the same question has forced itself upon my mind. That he was marvellous power over an audience no one can deny. His is telling preaching. It goes right home to the conscience and the heart. His power over the largest audience is very striking. I have noticed that he can as easily hold the attention of 2000 or 8000 people as most men could that of ten or a dozen. How is that ? Because he talks to them. He does not preach before them, or above them out to them One secret ot his power is that he has thoroughly mastered the subject that he is talking about; his whole soul has been steeped iu it. He his marvellous self-possession. That he never loses. The other day a woman brought a baby into the meeting. It cried bitterly ; and so great was the| crowd that the poor woman seemed afraid to attempt to go out. Mr. Moody made a little half-playful allusion to the child 4 and went on perfectly at his ease. The thorough naturalness of his mode of address is also another striking feature. He has no pulpit manerismg. He speaks, he does not preach. He talks to thousands as he woo4| to one. He never dwells too long upon one point. Some preachers, when they get a fresh idea or illustration, dwell upon it untO all the life has gone out of it, Mr. Moody gives it and passes on. His illustrations are homely. They are such as the common mind can easily grasp. Speaking the other night about the sinner when he is convicted of sin by the Holy Spirit, he said " It is just like a mother waking h*sr deeping babe; the child is fretful—very angry it may be." Everyone could at once see tie point he wished to illustrate. The sinner is not willing to be awakened out of his sleep of sin. Speaking of mere earnestness not being enough in the matter of salvation, he said: " Yon go info any of your banks and present a cheque for £100. The cashier looks at yon, and asks if you have an account there. *No,' you reply, 'but I am terribly in earnest; I need the money very much.' He would turn to you and say, *That is not the way we do business here !' " In this way did he show that mere earnestness would not do to get a man out of his difficulties in temporal, matters ; and if not # in temporal, so neither would it in spiritual matters. He uses simple Saxon words" If he can find a word of one syllable to express his meaning he will not use one of three. In this respect he reminds, one forcibly of John Bunyan. His sermons, too, are full of pithy sayings. For example, speaking of the Spirit, he said, " The Holy Spirit will not dwell in a tomb." He was showing that the heart must be cleansed for being the Spirit's dwelling-place. "The living water must flow in before it can flow out.' When showing that it is through His people that the Saviour influences the world, he said, The vine does not produce the fruit; it is the branches that do so." Speaking of the Grace of God enabling his ancient servants to see " things to come," he said, " Abraham was a longsighted man 4 He looked up to Heaven/^rc. John in Patmos was long-sighted. Why 9 %he saw down to the end of time, the things that should be hereafter. 4 " Mr. Moody is still the man of the "one Book." He may not be well versed in human literature, bnt he knows well what God has put iu that grand old Book. If he is not an " eloquent" man in the sense in which the world understands eloquence, he is at least" mighty in the Scriptures." The Word of Christ dwells in him richlyfio all wisdom and understanding. This gives him power. He does not speculate; he does not philosophize; he does not quote poetry; he simply tells what God has said in His own Word—and, after alL there is no preaching so effectual and so useful and 60 fresh. One comes away from one of Mr. Moody's services, especially a Bible-reading, feeling better pleased than ever with his Bible. Added to all these, however, there is great spiritual power—such power as only a man Wio is filled with the Holy Spirit possesses. f fiie Holy Ghost is resting upon him, and Ibis gives him holy boldness great tenderness and persuasiveness, and true humility, and makes what he says tell with mighty effect. Thankful for what Godjhas done for his honored servant and done by him, let ns still continue to bear him up in prayer. May much true prayer go up from all believing hearts that his servant may be made a greet blessing to thousands and tens of thousands of precious souls! .Trsua 'tis ift pearl dissolved, 'ti« a sonnet "rolled into a word, 'tis a great oratorio in five letters, His the e«seuce of music compressed into t<tfo*syllables. IN Christ were found the highest characteristics of womanly virtue, infinite devotion, singleness of purpose, the unruffled serenity of it c«!m and gentle spirit, pare and modest feeling i»i the maintenance of the finest moral distinctions, and the power peculiar to women of passive obedience—potter to bear, to suffer, to forego in unspeakable loyalty IF every writer, of ALMOST auya^E, will undertake to describe not merely a spotless but a superhuman or celcbtial childhood, not having the reality before him, he mnst be somewhat more than human himself, if he does not pile together a mass of clumsy exaggerations, and draw and overdraw, till neither heaven nor earth can find any verisimilitude in the picture. Ym! He still lives, the divine Man and inc&rante; God, in the ever-fresh and self-autlien ticatiug records of the Gospels, n the unbroken history of eighteen centuries, and in the bear s And lives of Che wisest and best of onr race ; and-there He will live for ever- His person *uid work are the book of life, which will never grow old; Christianity lives and w*ll continue to live with Him, because He Iive&, the same yesterday, to-day, and for ever. THE deepfelt. want of onr nature is most fullv nnd adequately met in the person of Jesus Chris*. For here is one whom, while we may reverence and adore as God, we can think of as clearly and love as simply, trustingly, tenderly, and as the best known and loved of onr earthly friends. Here is a point where our shadowy conceptions may condense, a focus towards which onr aimless aspirations may tend. Here we have set before us the Boandless limited in form; the Eternal dwelling in time , the Invisible and Soiritual God revealed in that Word of life which human eyes have seen and human hands Justice delayed is justice denied. A drop of ink may make a million think. Goodness thinks no ill when no ill seems. Agreeable advice is seldom useful advice Every body dragB its shadow, and every mind its doubts. The stateliest building man can raise is the ivy's food at last. False modesty is the last refinement of sanity It is a lie. THOSE men who destroy a healthful constitution of body by intemperance as mainfestly kilTtbemselves as (those who hang, or poison, «r drown themselves. LET OB have done with reproaching; for we may ttrow oat so many reproachful words on one another that ship of a hundred oars Would not be able to carry the load. WOOD barns because it has the proper stuff in it; and. a man becomes famous because he has the proper stuff in him. THE firmest friendships have been formed in mutual adversity ; as iron is most strongly united by the fiercest fl HEALTH, beauty, vigor, riches, and all the other thingB called goods, operate equally as evil to the vicious and uejust, as they do as benefits to the just. WF, are all of us more or less echoes, repeating involuntarily the viitues, the defects, the jmovements and the characters of those in whom we live. " Holiness or BBiictification is what the believer personally receives and personally gains. Destroy the carnal mind, and enmity to God ceases, subgtstute the mind of the spirit for it and love reigns in its place. Let this operation be complete; that is let the fructification be entire, and then love becomes the sovereign, the imperial passion of the soul, and the believer, in a transport of spiritual delight is ready to say ns he does say,' Thou are mv portion, O Lord.' God himself is the nuthor of this great change from first to list. Ye are his workman* ship.' Divine agency is stimulative and directive without being destructive to human agency The process is one, as the agent is one. Spiritual defilement gives way in the renewal of man's affections, and will by the presence aud power of the Holy Ghost. The original idea and pur- E ose of Methodism was to 4 spread scriptural oliness through the land,' by means of living ministry that Methodism adopted at the beginning. and still for the most part favours and practices conduces to the same result. The Psalmody, too, must take high rank among its divine provisions, and fitness of special means. Habitually to read aud sing such hymns as Ght-rles Wesley's almost inspired supplication grounded upon the promise in Ezekiel, * I will sprinkle clean water upon you,* etc., and commencing * God of all power, and truth, and grace/ is to live under perpetually sanctifying influences. But the means of grace in Methodism, best fitted, perhaps to promote 4 Scriptural Holiness are thos ordinances instituted for spiritual communion and edification that belong to it specially and peculiarly. There are the band meeting, the fellowship meeting the love feast, and chief of all, the class meeting.'— " A man seeking after holiness with the New Testament before him could hardly be at a loss to attain that pnritv of heart, which so changed, and refiued, and elevated a man's nature as to bring him Into communion with God." Whatever may be the points of difference between us as ministers, we are, as Methodists, settled in this one ?rand fact, that we can enjoy this blessed wanctification through faith in the precious blood which * cleanseth us from all sin/' »<Hoid fast to theBible as the sheet anchor of our liberties; write its precepts on your hearts, an and practice them in your lives. To the inflaenedfjfthis book we are indebted for the progress taade in true civilisation, and to this we must iook as our guide in the future." Pointing to the family Bible on the stand, •during his last illness, Andrew Jackson said to his friend:" That book, sir, is the rock on which our republic rests." " Men do not grow up out of sin without help, but when God comes to a man with a clean heart and a right spirit within him, then he is prepared to grow, and grow with a rapidity with which he can never grow as long as sin abideth in him. The Methodist doctrine of entire sanctifiction does not either exclude or ignore growth, but it founds growth upon an antecedent of light, and that light was in the Son, and that linht was by the cleansing power of the Spirit of God. Let us not be afraid of the word * perfection.' In proportion as man is manlv in all perfectness, so does he approach to the type of Christ in holiness, and Oh, how much of his holiness was spent in common work ! Thirty silent years about which there is hardly a word among common men and worn encommon work—nothing heroic or wonderful; and holiness in common work is the grandest of all holiness/ 4 — "I want to say that I have long ceased to measure arras with God, I have long ceased to limit his power and ability he can, cleanse any man. * The blood of Jesus Christ cleanses from all sin.* Let as as a body of fonr hundred men go down on our knees before God, and give ourselves anew to the work of the Master, and then let UP go abroad to do good. A word of personal testimony and that is tbi-s : the most joyous thing that ever came to my heart Is the religion of Christ, it is a first-class luxury, and I want it to abide in my heart for ever."— W " HE CARETH " HAT can it mean? Is it aught to Him That the nights are long and the days are dim ? Can He be touched by the griefs I bear Which sadden the heart and whiten the hair ? About His throne are eternal culms, And strong glad music of happy psalms, And bliss, unruffled by any strife— How can He care for my little life ? And yet I want Him to care for me While I live in this world where the sorrows be; When the tights die down from the path I take, When strength is feeble, and friends forsake. When love and music that once did bless Have left me to silence and loneliness, And my life-song changes to sobbing prayers- Then my heaat cries out for a God who cares. When shadows hang over the whole day long, And my spirit is bowed with shame and wrong, When I am not good, and the deeper shades Of conscious sin makes my heart afraid, And the busy world has too much to do To stay in its courses to help me through, And I long for a Saviour—can it be That the God of the universe cares for me ? Ob wonderful story of deathless love! Each child is dear to that Heart above, He fights for me when I cannot fight, He comforts me in the gloom of night, He lifts the burden, for He is strong. He stills the sigh, and awakes the song, The sorrow that bowed me down He bears, And loves and pardons because He cares! Let all who are sad take heart again, We are not alone in onr hours of pain ; Oar Father stoops from His throne above To soothe aud queit us with His love ; He leaves ns not when the storm is high, And we have safety, for He is nigh, Can it be trouble which He doth share ? Oh rest in peace, for the Lord will care! c. H. SPUKOKOK. MABT:«/MBN. HOFIACK BD6HKELL. P. 6C9A.FF. lbave bandied. CAIRO. HON. E. W. GLADSTONE. LORD. BYRON. JOHN MILTON. MASSILION- VICTOR HUGO. CHARLES DICKENS. BRUVERE. SHERLOCK. HOMES. GOETHE ame. COLTON PLATO. JOUBERT. Dr. Stacey, Methodist New Connexion England. —Rev. Dr. McFerrin, Methodist Episcopal South. Church, Rev. J. Ferguson, Primitive Methodist minis- ter. Rev. Wm. Arthur, M. A., Wesleyan Conference, England. Mr. W. C. De Patttt Methodist Episcopal Church America. MARIANXE FASNING3AM, in Christian World 