SPORTING NEWS. On 5th August one of the principal winter fixtures was held, the Geolong Racing Club's meeting. A Handicap Trot proved a failure from a racing point of view, the winner, Prince, lmving flOO yards start, while Black Diamond, who had been well supported, ran off the track through his rider's mistake. For the Handicap Hurdle3 four faced the starter, . Glenorvan winning easily. In the Winter Handicap Little Jack won by three lengths after a stoutly contested race. A private match be twccn Mr. Stout's Royalty and Mr. Bull's Moorabool Pride was won by the latter after a good race. In the Steeplechase. Fire King made things merry by forcing the pace, but was beaten by Collingwood, the favourite, Spring, falling over Skipper at the first jump. The winner of the Selling Race turned up in Seipio, the owner, Mr. Cook, hav ing to give £130 for him, .'the club thus net ting £105. The Railway Stakes only pro duced three starters, Borderman winning easily. ?? The annual meeting of the V. R. C. took place on Aug. 6, when Messrs. D. S. Wallace, W. Leonard, J. O. Inglis, «T. Whittingham, T. N. Fitzgerald, and It. Power were elected as committeemen. The Viotoria Amateur Turf Club held a highly successful meeting on the 19th August. For the Sapling Stakes 27 hor8O3 had accepted, and 25 out of the lot faced the starter. Duenna, by Lecturer, went to the front, 'and keeping her lead won by a clear length, with King of the Forest second, and Honorathird. In thd Hnrdles, Merry Maid and three 'other* tan off the tiourae, b'ut her jockey manag'ed-to linisH tho race, but wan caught by - tho favorite, llhesu'i in the straight, and beaten by a Icuath. Merry Maid was disqualified f8r secdna place, WhHJh wag awarded to Dhur Wiigle, The Australian Amateur Challenge Cup was a gift to Edith, but she managed to sun }naldo a pout, and, GloWHght cot tho race! The Ghost easily: wan the Soiling Kbcci For the Caulflcld Girand National H horaea started, rind until tho straight was entered Jt was bard to say who would whi. Loft Bower, who had boon saved by Corrlaan, came when he waa called on, and won with tolerable ea3e, with Chrysalis second aud Erin third. A pleasant. day's racing was finished by the favorite, Flambeau, being beaten for the Amateur Handicap-Flat Race by Don Quixote, who had been backed by the knowing ones. .. ^M''i'; The coursing season is practically over; 'the Victoria Coursing Club having finished their season. The Norwood. Plate and Ladies' Bracelet of .the Australian Coursing Club were rnn'for last week, the bracelet going to Lady Evelyn. The last tie -vas not run off, Stride away being withdrawn. Mr. Paterson's slnt, The Secret, who divided the Tasmanian Plate of the Victoria Couraing Club last year with her sister, The Unknown, has this year won it again. For tho Vice- presidents' Plate it was thought that Nutlad III. had won, but the victory fell to Gwendoline. - 