SPOSTIKG TOPICS. By "Tout Cbla." Thb eeoond article on the coming Spring Handicaps— under the trtlsjOj Coa and the Tabulated Contrast it furuisbes between weiKbt-for-aees. and the several allowances placed od the horses engaged id the Flemingtoa. Randwick, and Hawlcesbury events, will be found both interesting and instructive. Our subscribers and readers -are specially advised to preserve, for future rcforencc,the Comparative List published last week and the Tables iu this issue. Nest week's article will be devoted to a selected few of the Melbourne Cup oaudidates; and the Grand National nags will bo reviewed in the subsequent Btoem- Tub Grand National Handicaps appear in to-day's issue, and will be regarded with both curious and exciting interest by tbe owners of horses engaged, and sporting folks in general. In tbe National Hurdle Race, as might bare been expected, Handy Andy holds the pride of place with 12st. 51b., tbc next to him being Dhurringhile with list. 10lb., and Mulatto list. 51b. The Adelaide mare, Triplet, has lOat. I0lb., and the other South Australian representatives, Mesalliance and New Zealand, 10st. 41b. and 9st. 121b. Tbc Sydney candidate, Sportsman, carries lOst. ; and tbe lowest on the scale is Alma with 9st. The National Steeplechase commences with tbe " steadier" of 12t. 12lb. on Himalaya; and even with that weight so grand an animal cannot be ont of it, if well, as witness Sussex last year under a still heavier impost. The Maori nag, Clarenoe, with list. 9lb., it is impossible to write about until he has arrived and one can know what sort of animal he is to look at — for unless he has quality enough to raoe, as well as power to jump, he can have no great show amongst oar speedy cross- oountry performers. So good and true a mare as Twilight, with list. 6lb., most be respected; and the powerful Great Western cannot oomplaio of list, after what we saw him do in the Maiden Steeplechase last winter. Neither Blaokall, Stag, Young Deoeiver, nor Chrysalis can oomplain of being eeverely treated ; whilst Erin and Gazelle are each well in at 9st. 91b. and 9st. 71b. Those lighter etill ought to have a ohanoe, if worth a dump ; hut their respective merits are as yet in the dark. The Handicap Flat Raoe has been begun very heavily, for 9st. 12lb. on Larpaoti with e lot of fliers to meet, is an effectual stopper. However, he has already been soratched, and further remarks would be out of pl&oe; at the moment. Sir Joseph also has a big allowanoe with 9st. 71b. ; though it would be bard to pick, at a glanoe any of the first nine who are not rather severely handled. It must not be forgotten, however, that tbe bottom weight was fixed at 7at., and no two-year-olds are in the affair, eo that matters are not so bad as they appear. However, it is too soon to even talk about picking winners for either of the above three events j but nevertheless I will hazard selecting half-a- dozen horses from each list as most likely to supply the " Simon Pure," viz. : — Grand National Hurdle. Red Rover I Disoount Lady Hampden I British Lion Sportsman | Annie Laurie Grand National Steeple. Himalaya I Young Deoeiver Twilight I Erin Great Western | Gazelle Handicap Flat. Verdure | Tide Brian Born 1 Scandal Tin" Alert Thb Amateur Turf Club held a highly Satisfactory meeting on their pretty course at Caulfield last Saturday, and there is no doubt the success of the newly originated race, the Ladies' Bracelet, will cause it to become an institution for the future. It is to be hoped, however, a spring or summer month will be chosen, as the attendance of those who add the greatest charm to the tiyit would then be many times as groat. Having given elsewhere an ample account of tbe events contested, it would be absurd to do more amongst these topics than specify the actual winners, and make a few gossiping observa tions, which are more appropriate here than in the regular report. The Selling Flat Raoe brought good grist to the mill, for Gonzago, who bad been entered at nil, was bought in for £90, and Mr. Maitland took him away to India yesterday. Before the event eaane off, whioh was only worth lOOaovs., Mr. M. was dsnnras of eeum the horse, and would hare taken 10 sovs. more than the stake. He did not back him for much either, having beeo frightened off by the Sterling party, and, therefore, investing a few pounds upon the Adelaide colt, who did not "coma op to collar." The win of Gossip ia the Selling Hurdle Raoe did not prove so easy as ex pected by her stable, for the three-legged Craoksman nearly spoiled the supposed certainty. The mare fetched £150 at the hammer, and had been entered for £50, whioh made a nioe profit. She will be taken tolndia. Young Deoeiver had a very hollow victory in the Viotoria Gold Oup, and was well steered by Mr. Wm. Glassoock, for bad he not forced the paoe Yerlo would not have oome to grief, but have beaten him home. Mr. J. O. Xoglis rode in bis old admired form, and most have thought it was , all over until Yerlo fell. Mr. Tom Watson had no obance with Right Bower, the horse having " tbe slows j" but Mr. Ootnjns would bavo been more forward with Tall Boy did he use his hands for the reins, instead of aduptfug tlie uUu uf gripping the coutie »£ the saddle. Many young riders got into this bad habit, which is only justifiable when a deep drop has to be negotiated ; and " how the dickens " can a fellow be expected to gather a horse together if he do strike , when the left hand is wrongly employed? Now for tbe Ladies' Trophy. Never, surely, in the longest memory of the " oldest inhabitant " did such an utterly uncalculated-upon result occur upon the turf. Not one of the three placed horses was ever in the betting market, and they each finished a length away from one another, even the third being considerably ahead of the leaders of tbe ruck. Moreover, two out of the three nearest to the lucky trio — i.e., Larpent and Sir Joseph— carried the top woighls, so that it is a terrible puzzler to find any excuse for those of the favoured division who so completely failed when wanted. But, above all, to think that Glad Tidings should be tbe lucky animal, after having run a bad fifth in the previous selling event, is a "caution to snakes." Even Westbury and Mercury, the second and third, bad been oocasiooally mentioned by the publio ; but the name of Glad Tidings had not oven beea whispered. An anecdote folly confirmatory of the aorprise to his stable, will be found in a separate topic ; as also a reference to Timon so sadly disappointing those who had a right to expeot better of him. That Larpent and Sir Joseph should not succeed under the " crushers" they carried ought to have been expected by their fondest admirers, and their position is " greatly to tbe orcdit" of their respective traioere, as both horses looked the pink of conditioo. Verdure, the most fancied animal of the whole 34 starters, never showed out at all, and it is probable that there is truth in the averment of her not liking a oiroular course. Of all tho horses named by the different tipsters, Squireen alone held any prominent plaoe at the absolute head of affairs, and be was very likely made too much of in the soft ground. Of the Open Steeplechase, which the gallant Collingwood so well deserved to win, it only needs to sny that he ran an exceedingly true race, and that some of his opponents were only fit for skittles, consider ing how the timber floored them. That poor James Griffin shonld have broken his leg off one of these poor performers is much to be regretted. In proof of how completely the stable ignored the obance of Glad Tidings it may be given as a faot that his trainer, Frank Leng, got a friend (Harry Yeend) to look after the toilette of the ultinate winner, and devoted his own attentions to Liberator, w li ii a, tin ilnuipL I.miI navdlOYr MtlV-' over, the etable jockey Kilby, who had ridden him in tbe Selling Race, was allowed the mount on Barwon, and a lad thrown up on Glad Tidings, with some load stuffed in his boots to make up weight. Besides this, the horse actually started with only one girth to the saddle, aod no surcingle. Timon, who left the paddock first favourite on Saturday, bad given bis popular owner, Mr. John Oleeland, every reason to believe that be had a real good thing for the Ladies' Bracelet, for he had given Gonzago " heaps of weight" in a private trial, and had left him " standing still." Considering, there fore, that Gonzago had won so absurdly easily in die Selling Race, it did look " rosy" for tbe late skipper of the Albion. And what madman could have dreamed of Glad Tidings, who had finished fifth to him, making a holy ehow of Timon t And talking of surprises in connection with this said Glad Tidings, tbe same animal ran in a petty event at Kensington, on Mon day, and thoroughly disgraced himself by being beaten by Little Nell, who bad also run with him in the Braoelet Race. Verily, you "never can tell 1" Hay Races come off to-morrow and Fri day, and two of the Flemingtoa trained nags. Mulatto and Napoleon, have proceeded thither to run. Mr. Vowles, the handioapper, has also gone, at the express request of the looal club, in order to frame the handicaps on the eeoond day. Dexiliquzn weights come ont next Satur day, and I trust that owners of horses will be so pleased with theprodootioD as to gladly accept on tbe 18th. The date of tbe meeting is this day fortnight. Two of the joekoys who rode in the Ladies' Trophy race at Oaulfield were punished for misconduct, having been reported by the starter, Mr. George Watson. Williams, who was on the Ghost, reoeived three months' disqualification for disobedience of orders ; and Nan son, on Conlston, got fined £5 for bad language. Kensington Fabk monthly meeting took place on Monday, and the cold afternoon prevented tbe usual large attendance of townsfolk. Most of the events resulted ia the proverbial apple-cart upsets, the moat striking instance being that Glad Tidings performed disgracefully bad amongst a very moderate lot. Readers are referred for par ticulars to the report of the running. Thb H&wkesbury; programme is advertised in our columns to-day, and it presents its customary excellent features. Severe pressure on space compels me to postpone special reference to its items till next week. Those partial to coincidences may fesl an interest in knowing that the number of West- bury— who astounded his stable as much si he did the public by running second in the , Saturday's sensational event — was not hoisted at all amongst the 34 starters on the board, 41, which represented Granville, appearing twice. An extract from the London Sportsman npon " Hanlan's System of Training" is given in our columns to-day, and our own "rowiste" and " runuista" are strongly advised to care fully peruse at, for it contains good sense and good advice in regard to getting and to keeping oneself " right." Ms. Mayo'b announcement that he meant to retire from the turf must have been very premature, if Dame Rumour be correct, for it is stated in N.S.W. turf circles that the late owner of Hesperian, Elastic, &o.;, has become the purchaser of Faust. Thb Sydney Turf Club have carefully drawn up tbe terms of their August Handicap, so that the winner thereof shall not have to cany any penalty in the Hawkeebuiy Han dicap, the sweeps of 2 aovs. going to tho eeoond boree. No doubt the recent decisions at Adelaide in regard to Rainbow and Result —tho former of whom wm rightly penalised, whilst Abe other rightly escaped — caused this careful framing. In our Sydney correspondent's letter this week will be found some interesting items of the training preparations now going on at Randwick, and a few remarks about indi vidual horses, especially of the youthful division, well worth conning over. He also gives the prioes in the betting market about the H&wkesbury; Handicap. Tub 11 tight little island" is not to be behind hand this year io having local sweeps on tbe coming spring handicaps, for, under the taking title of " Taemanian Oracle," there are to be drawings held on the Sydney Metro politan and Melbourne Cup. Conditions are duly announced in our advertising columns, ana the well-known name of Mr. John Hadley, of the Ship Hotel, Hobarfc, is suf ficient guarantee that everything will be carried on " s Aip-ehape." Thbbk was no meet of the Melbonrne Hounds last week, in consequence of the raoea at Caulfield, but on Saturday next tbe olut> are Invited to bunt at the Werrthee, and the lovers of the chase are eure to have another of those enjoyable "ontinga" for which they are frequently indebted to the kindly hospitality of Messrs. Obirnside. A rial train from Spencer-street will convey Nimrods and their hunters. Shipper waa Bold by Mr. Alep. Taylor, at a fair figure, before he started for the Caul field Steeplechase, and will join Mr. Hack- liu'a other purchases for the Indian market. Mr. Taylor seems to have a happy knack of selecting good jumpers, and then of meeting good buyers. A rumour comes from Adelaide that an attempt is to be made bj a wliite-chokerite member of the Assembly to obtain a repeal of the Totalisator Act. Many, quite the reverse of his own religious persuasion, will rejoice muchly if be should succeed. During the memorable " flatter" at Canl- field on Saturday, Advanoe had a mishap, and broke his leg, and, of course, has been destroyed. This colt was bred by Sir Thomas Elder, and bought by Mr. Ed. Weeks when at the Adelaide Birthday meet ing. Mount Gamsier acoeptances will bo found amongst the published list of entries, weights, Ac., in this day's issue. Although Glad Tidiogs ia said to have "skinned the iamb" for the bookmakers, ooe of tbe metallic fraternity — and a real good sort, too — had the mischance to write 100 to 3 against him for the etable. Mr. Joe Adams is the " penciller " referred to, be hAving laid the wager to Frank Leng, the horse's trainer; and the latter, thinking it a bad investment, gladly transferred it to Mr. A. J. Sullivan— in whose lady's name tbe horse was nominated— as this gentleman had jokingly said he must have a little on to reward the actual owner, trainer, and rider, in case of an accidental win. A ltttlb Caulfield bird has whistled to me that e match was to have come off, for a quiet "century," between Glad Tidinge and Beadsman, but somehow or other it didn't " erentuaLe." Perhaps the reason might have been tbet the consciences of one or both parties to the affair pricked them at tbe unsuitablcness of the chosen day — it being that which still puzzles the Christian world as to whether it ought to be the first, or ecvcntb, in the week. Tub Sooth Australian . Jockey jClub EOob'riltng to telegrams reoeived last night from our Adelaide correspondent, have declined to insert in their official calendar the advertisements of the Adelaide Racing Club, the reason alleged being that tbe A.R.O. refuse to raoe under the S.A.J.C. rules. This internecine turf-war is greatly to be regretted. The Booths, Gates, and other Privileges of the Flemington Course at tbe V.R.C. Meet ing are to be sold at Kirk's Bazaar on Tuesday, the 18th inst. Considering the importance of the coming Winter Gathering, and the attractive fields secured, a very large muster of visitors may be counted upon, and investing speculators should do well. It is very pleasing toknow that the intended honours to Trickelt, on his arrival in Sydney, last Wednesday, were duly and enthusiasti cally paid the worthy fellow j and the fact of Sir John Robertson, the Acting-Premier of New South Wales, taking a prominent part ia a sporting incident which is most gratifying to record. A very sensible and laudable idea has boon mooted by the Sydney Herald to the effect that the boating clubs should unite in securing the services of Trickett as " coach" and instructor, at a good permanent salary ; and most heartily do I endorse and support a suggestion, tbe carrying out of which would be a credit to Port Jackson. 