CHRISTMAS. I ' Wo'll koop up our Christmas etUl.'— Scott. It is tbo timo, tho merry time, Wliioh chcorcd our ancient slros ; It U.tho timo, the happy f . ? When mhistrols tuned their lyres, And thoso who in tho old world lire Take core to trim their Ares. In short, wo welcomo Christmas hack With ah its lively train ; Nor present enro, nor faturo woe ? Our ploasnro shall restrain : The holy rite, with festal song. Wo usher iu again.- ?[' ; . ! ' Oh! for nn angol-pen to write ; ' Ob I for the poot's art t ...r ? ? Oh ! for a spark of yaturo'i flro. .. Her beauty to impart. , . Yot moro I wish, for I would fain , ...... Breathe rnpturo to tbe heart. i , I would a merry carol sing, Or toll a lively tale, '♦'-.» 'w . .?! *'*??» 'Which should uproarious liuightor cause When' o'or our ' nut-brown olo j' For at this holy, tide at least' , ? Good-humour should, prevail. r , , . In sooth, it was a goldon age, , ^ ,? While yot tho heathen Dane, Tofeasthispirato.erewatlol,* ?? ?? Forsook tho stonny main) ? And'hoid they worshipped'Odin most Who host tho mead could drain, .r ? . ; ... Well was it dcem'd a fitting time, ' J' In Eoppland's feudal halls, , ;? Wbero holly- green and inistletoo Huug gaily ou tho walls, , r. To minglopioty with mirth And hold high festivals. -? 'With eqnal rightwe claim thisnight ' When hearts with joy o'orflow, Tot Father Christmas doth on youth A double share bestow. . ^ Hard-hearted man content must he, At most ono-half to know. 1 ' . * ? . j But, plorisnro unalloyed with pain,' .On etirtli is seldom known, For man from early infancy.. . To discontent is prone, | ? And apt to mourn in secret o*er Some joy for evor flown. ... ; As little children tiro of play, Wo are as wont to grow Of pleasure weary in our turn ; When soou asido wo throw , . Each costly toy till thon esteem'd Above all else wo know. 'What thongh amidst enj oymont crown* d, We fail to stifle care, . ; And where wo fondly look for mirth, Alas I wo find despair : ? And in a melancholy mood, . To solithdo ropairl ' ' But lot who will despise our bliss, ? i Pleased with our present choice, ' Wo welcome Christmas hack ngain With universal voice j Wo pledgo tho bowl which'Bacchus gavo, \- And, whllo wo may, rejoice. . Yet, think not, in tho banquet hall Whnte'er I may enjoy, I am unmindful of that timo While yet a wayward boy, ? Old Christmas was miy first delight And play my solo employ. I see the old home near tho lake, Amid the wiuter snows . ' ? And ctu'linc gracefully above ? 'I he blue smoke well I know. Ah me I I lovo t - conjure up, 41 The dear dead long ago.' . ' Once more besldo a cheerful flro, . - A vacant seat I flud— My former place among tv group, ' ? ' Who gavo a wolcome kind Unto tho stranger ae to him ! Whom ties oi kindred bind. Together sitting as ol ' yore, What wondrous tales we tell. Of wailius ghosts at midnight heard, , ; And fays iu shady doll. Ah I truly what strange things they say ? Iu ancient days befell. Alas ! it was a waking dream, I look around in vain, ' r For vanished is that happy home ? . And I alone remain ?, And yot, iaethou|fht it seern'd so tmo, \- ? I was a child again. , / But let it pa«s, nor shnll this theme My mind to-night engross. Nor were it wise to banish mirth . To mourn iny early loss ; And Christmas baih an pqnal claim Beneath tho Southern Cross. . I sigh for thom who ne'er rejoice, Ifor somo I havo a tear, And with a kindly smile I groot Tho fow I hold most dear ; : * But in ioy simple Roug I wish To all a glad New Year. - . Coax^Lins BIoynihan. Breakfast Crock, December, 18S2. ^ 'The Iol of ^ tho heathen Danes was solemnised with great feasivity. Evcu, lienthon then, tho swago Dane At Iol moro deep tlio mead did drain.' — Scoxr, 