MINISTERIAL DELAYS" Se' We oftimes find that the quietest' and, inoffensive of men will turn-and r" show desperate fight when wounded by oppression or injustice,-and frequently have we. had the glbrious example of whole nations aising with-determination and vigor to shake off the yoke of-ty ranny and prejudice; but such I am sorryto sav,.has not been-exhibited by the people of our settlement,, for they, iti would appear, are satisfied'to accept a' position of" humiliation and doubt, waiting for something to-turn up, and ] showing: no furthersigns of dissatisfac tion than a melancholy shake of the head, supported by a chronic and SmournFul'growl. It ~s; h'nwever, quite time that such a state of things came to an end,-for one more-season of even less severity than'the, last, without our r'tihlvay and' Water snpply;. will prove rlthe death klnell of hundreds of"our lHappy and respectable families, who are I now struggling' to-hold' the land that God -made. fodrtheminbut who, I amsin sorry to'say, are gradually being robbed I of -their birthright by selfiish, un ji.st, and bigoted legislators-who first lured thleindustrious and thrifty citizen with lis hard carnd' savings to take up and improve the- land, and. with promises of railway communication and water supply,. have dragged the last. shilling fiom their tender" purses, and for what--is it that they should be re' duced to such straits as to compel them to-hand over their homes and'holdings to the greene 'ed lind monopolists, who - are- watching: their- distress- like sharks after a drowning man ?-if not, appearances are false. Well do: these individuals know the power- of capital,. and better still do. they know-that the selectors" hardships are the squatters' gain. Ma?v we not glaring, instances . of the fruits of the delay in, the con struction-of our railway and-water sup ply,- Leol around and you will'see we are still suffering from the power, of Smisapplied capital; or if not, why is our railway delayed when others of far less importance are being- pushed forward. Where,,now, are the hundreds- of'bona fide settlers-who inhabited the- thou sands of acres of country in-the vicinity of Durham Ox, accumulated'during the last twelve months by the- canny Major; and what about the miles and'miles of depopulated" country in the vicinity. of the genial admirer of all Ministries at Mount Hlope,.accumulated also during the- delay;: and last,- but not least, we find-assistance: refused-for the Ser -pentine weir,.which- has already been !the- means of'throwing'more" land into 'thehands- of another member" of the land:ring;" . Well might the-Minister of Water Siipply'beg a.misleading: article fron- the Argus to try. and justily his unmanly? conduct, by stating: the'plans were-condemned, a statement-which is known'- t' be- but-' na paltry excuse without-'adhlierence-to the-whole- truth. Had ourfarmers in days gone by acted in a deterimined spirit,- pulled together;. and demandea their railway- and'water shipply instead of dividing: their ener= gies and principles upodn the-blighted reform- question,.they would- have had' their desires accomplished -in time to bhave saved hundreds of their neighbors not only fronvruin and starvation, but also from the degredation of acting the part of squatters'paltry dupes. How :painfully the- memory of those men must look back; to the time when they: were led 'away by the glib and false tongued political speculators-who stood 'upon the hustings inU the .various cen tress of the district calling, for-retorm, when-they should have been callingfor water- And now what has the-reform of the constitution done for them I has it stayed the- parching thust of. of their starving stock I has it placed them in a 'positiod. to- compete. in the; wheat'and stock market' with, other.distrcta ' 7 or has it staved the evil of land iabopolyl Ia a.?y it bhse rdone neither, but has rovded a spectre'vhicoh has lured them, from the substance, and'left but the shadow? of. thie ghost of prospeiity.. Fer better had they considered their families and creditors, and demanded that' which would have pleased both,, than 'have-wasted their precious time for the satisfaction of knowing that. the Reform.Bill, is upon the Statute Book,. while they. themselves are travelling:miles for sufficient water to' keep. body- and soul together.. It is. time,. however,, to hope that past ex perience will' prove to the settler the necessity of being united in their'ac-. tions,' and teach them to join heart and, soul in demanding, not. only the im mediate' construction of the' second. sectioieot their railway, but an ade quate proportin'of the money to be set. apart for the snpply of water-for if, these two necessaries are not speedily accomplished,- a' small line to the" Mount Hope and Ganbower Stations,. withl'a little branch for the Mlajor, will; be quite sufficient for-the requirements, of our now large and populous district. Yours, &c;,: TnE PAsHA.. 