If there existed any doubt before in any mind as to the justice of Mr Draxk'S demand for AN enquiry into Mr BALDWIN'S ewe, we presume that doubt will have been dismissed by a perusal of tbe reply of Mr BALDWIN to his accusers, which was published in the Melbourne papers yesterday. That reply breathes the spirit of a man not afraid to meet and answer accusations, and the tone and temper of a witness of truth. It is now for the Government to show that Dr WjVKISs is a more credible man than Mr BALDWIN, and to show, moreover, that Mr BALDWIN'S replies to the charges preferred against his management at Sunbury do not hold water. If the Government cannot do that, its case is gone so far, and the plea as to BALDWIN'S health must be regarded as inadequate in the absence of farther evidence to outweigh his denial and the obvious probabilities. The Argus' assertion, that BALDWIN had a trial and lias nothing to complain of, is ludicrously outside the facte, and even the friendly Telegraph is compelled to chide Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN for his inexplicable reticence and delay in tbe matter of the elucidation of the existing dubieties. Whether it be the dark shadow of the Flahkagax that stands between Sir BRYAN and thelight, orthat West Bonrke memories beyond the JTlaxnagan sphere intervene, we cannot say.; but it is evident that the Premier has placed himself in & false position by silence and postponement. If he desires absolution by the pnblic, he will of course court the fullest investigation, that is if he have' that great treasure, a mind conscious of rectitude; and Mr DKAKIS'S motion for a committee should consequently meet with the approbation of the House. BALD- WIN'S circumstantial reply to the Wat- KIKS bill of indictment makes such a course all die more desirable, because tbat reply goes far to build up case of absolute justileation of the attitude taken sud the. claimB set up by the deposed official of Sunbury There most sorely be something vary rotten in the civil Bervice when Buch Ijiings as the BALDWIN deposition and the Flanxagan appointment can be done, and BALD- WIN'S application for information or redrees be left unanswered, and his promised pecuniary compensation be left onjwu). Then,' proceeding from that pectiliar aspect of tbe case, to Bald- WN*8 categorical reply to the Watkiks bill, we feel still more than ever that the committee of enquiry asked for, by Mr Deajos ought to have the acquiescence of Parliament. It is, of course, possible that BALDWIN may oat bave been a perfect officer, or bis administration perfect; but official inspection and report have not -condemned Um, -and the 'allegations preferred by' Dr Watkixs jxe at least met by . -BkLDwni with apparent candor,- and axe answered by statements thajt, prima /aei^ meet -the .whote gravamen of the indictment. It is impossible not to infer that, in respect of some of lite WATKIKS statements, BALD- WIN IB enlirely-UTeBponsible; and in relation to other of the matters in issue, it is « matter*, of opinion, whether, Watkins or BALDWIN ia the better authority. AT any rate, Watkins doeaf not come to the wita^B-bbs. as a man absolutely unbiassed, aad if his assertion weighs so much BALDWIN'S may be at least allowed to weigh as much, so that whichever way we iook at the matter we come backto' ths same conclusion, namely, tiat ^ the demand made for a «oianiittei^--|fif jenqniry was reasonable and .".Jar, and mil w in forw, «o&r; as?the obvioos equities involsed^axB' concerned, lie tkBjdetoand conceded or refusfed. Beidei^^e equities. apart, it Is presum-: .Wy : ita the. interests of the whole «opmanity, aB trustees far the onfor- Uuiate inmates of wit, asylums, jtbat • should. lie tbe ; «cqniry : adced for by Mr Dbakin. If TII^E be the investigation lis JetnandR, Mr Baldwin will have an opportunity to urge once more the managerial reforms he has proposed, as also those administrative reforms which may help to make the miserable loafers who have hitherto eluded their responsibilities pay their proper quota in support pf unhappy relatives now subsisting upon -public - charity. As- to Sir Brvan O'Loghlbn, 1 -ho ou°ht to have at once said "Yes" to Mr Dkaein's demand, for his honor and ' veracity are involved, and he should have courted, not evaded or delayed, publicity. Baldwin has in his paper to the Chief Secretary alleged that insubordination existed because of presumed support from tbe senior member for West Bourke, and Mr Rahsay was implored to caase an enquiry into tbe "rampant" want of discipline. Surely, Sir Buy an should have had spirit and pride enough to challenge enquiry by conceding enquiry when demanded in the interests of an old officer whose claims have to this day been suffered to lie unsatisfied. The great success that has attended the public lectures of Mr Abchibald Forbes and the Rev. Joseph Cook, affords a' striking testimony to the activity of mind by which the population of Australia is marked. A like conclusion may be drawn from tbe interest with which the week-day leotures of the Bishop of Melbourne are followed by tbe public. Given a speaker with a reputation for ability and some attractive power, and he is sure to draw a crowd, no matter what may be the theme he^selecta to discourse upon. He may describe the recent great wars of Europe and the actors in tbem from personal observation, as Mr Fobbes does; or, like Mr Cook, he may deal with the new religious p-oblems which tbe astonishing advances made by modern science have suggested to the minds of all the thinking men of tbe present generation; or he may, as Br - Moorhouse . does, go back upon tbe permanent problems involved in man's relation' to the' universe around him.* In each case, if the lecturer really has it in him to do justice to tbe subject he has chosen, he will not fail to draw a large and attentive audienoe to bear what he has to tell them. Thousands will hang with deep attention on his utterances, and will go away when he has finished, earnestly discussing with one another the statements to which they have been listening. There, is a deep, personal, earnest feeling of solicitude to learn the latest authentic reports, so to speak, ou the actual conditions and circumstances of human life, or upon tbe meat recent developments of thought and speculation on the great mysteries of life, death, and eternity. And all this active interest, it must be recollected, is something added to the ordinary religious teaching of the various ' churches. It does not compete with the Sunday sermons, nor in tbe least tend to diminish the congregations at tbe public services, nor set people grumbling that there is just a little too much of preaching and lecturing. On tbe contrary, tbe weekday lecturing actually aids the Sunday teaching. People's minds are kept awake and excited about those great questions that intimately concern them as units in tbe vast aggregate of humanity. Mental dulness and stagnation are dispelled. A healthy activity of intellect is induced, and a refreshing sense of novelty is given to the oldest themes. This marked characteristic of the Australian population is one of the best guarantees of the future eminence of this country that could possibly be desired. A population that is always on the alert to hear or learn, some new thing, which is besides, a very busy one in (be cprnmon affairs of everyday life, is tbe veiy best that any country could possess. - Mental dulness in the masses of tbe people corresponds tontteridlenessininduBtrial matters. These two bad habits are invariably found in company; and both together' would bring any nation, whatever its natural capabilities or resources may be, very speedily to decay and ruin. Of this fact Spain, from the beginning of the eighteenth to the middle of tbe nineteenth century, offers a warning example. From being the richest and most powerful nation in Europe, it suik to be the poorest and the most despised. In trade and commerce^ literature and tbe arts, science and philosophy, and' all that expresses and adorns civilisation, it declined until it became a positively barbarous country in tbe very, centre of Christendom. Its people were ignorant, steeped in poverty, depressed in. spirit, and hopelessly idle by fcabit. The upper classes were proud, insolent, despotic, and as unlettered almost as their own servants and dependents. There -was no intellectual movement in the population . at ell. On every hand there was the still-' and stagnation of mental death. And this was the -nation which, three centuries ago, was the first Power in Surbpe, possessed all South America and die Philippine Islands, with all tbeir abounding wealth in silver and gold and precious gems ; and daimed" to be savereignof thejffew World, in virtue of the gift of the successor of St. Fbtek. . Chher examples of the same process of national decadence xesiiitiBg from the prevalence of ignorance and mental darknesfi amongst the people c might readily be cited. Bat tbe historical fact is too well known, and-too a easily. acoobxaed4b£ to- needellbtvate proof. ? it is - sufficient - to repeat the o pl&inlyestablMed; propontum,tba$ an T ilUteiate:- and-dull-wtttei population never.cain and never n^ajloaricli ing and prosperous oommunity. Eor, these reaao&s; -there is i 'real significance ia that sharpness ol intelligence which our own .population ccAtanually maiiifeBts. ia » distinct cbaracteirisUo oftbeAtistralian rapes. Iln itbu ir^ard' We are " veiy tnadt like the Ainmipans. lEhej^ewspaper, tbe lectwe*oom, 'the public and : efficient institntapos in tte two countries And all the |inljiit—sever; are its. ;£MS atuLnppo>jtenta. The churches, above all other societies, bave mostcanse tolear-stagnation of mind amongst tte people afoond them. , There is no K^gious life possible to dense unreasoning ignorance. Belief withers and dies in the darkness of the intellect" Tbe jpiactical conclusion from all which is, that the wiidom of tbB j&nrcbes; lies in taking advantage'of this strong teadency in the popular mind, aad turning it to account upon tbe. moral and spiritual improvement of the multitude, j To look- on doubtfully or hesitatingly at the intellectual movement, as if it were something to be dreaded rather than encouraged, would be a fatal mistake for the religious guides of tbe community. A fatal accident occurred at the Hobart Fasba Company's claint Waterloo, yesterday afternoon, when a young man sained Edward Broadbent, aged twenty-one years, was killed by a fall of earth in pne of the drives. The deceased, along with his mate, v is blocking, when the grotind, without warning, gave way, burying the deceased, When he was dog out life was extinct. The case against the young miner Csssels. for stabbing a comrade named Gilbert at the Railway hotel, Creawicb, was fixed to'be heard at t)ie Creawick Police Court yesterday, and Mr Thomson, P.M., attended at the court. Mr Sadleir, superintendent of police, was prepared to go on with the prosecotion, bnt Mr Burton, solicitor for the accused, asked for a remand till Saturday, as his counsel, Mr Gaunt, -was not ready to proceed with the case. The bench remanded Cassels till Saturday at one p.m., allowing bail in his own sorely of £100 and two other recognisances of £50. Bail was forthcoming, and the prisoner was enlarged. The wounded man was able to appear. The premises belonging to Mr F. Smart, situate in Doveton street north, and divided into two shops, in the occupation of Messrs Smart and Chisholm, wen found to be on fire in the front portion of Mr Smart's part of the building about ten o'clock yesterday morning. The fire, however, had not obtained any great hold of the building, and a few buckets of water Boon extinguished the flames. The lining and paper were burnt the walls of the shop and the next room, what seemed-two very peculiar incidents was that a piece of the flooring in the shop behind the counter, about 6 inches square, had .been completely burnt through, and also that the property was to hare been sold by.auction a short time after the fire was discovered. The damage amounts to about £30. The building was insured in the United Australian Mutual Company for £300. Mr Smart was absent at the time the fire broke out, Mrs Smart and the family being at home. Several impudent hotel robberies have taken place recently, and but for that new convenience termed a safety till, another would prubably hare been committed on Monday night. About eleven o'clock the alarm bell fixed in the till of the Earl of Zetland hotel. Bridge street, rang, and several persons at once came npon the spot, and fonnd an elderly man, named John Lswia, leaning over the counter in -ao attempt to open the t3l> He was at once handed over to the ciistody of Constable Healey, who locked himnp. Hewasl>h>nght before the Town court yesterday,, and remanded until Monday next. - Lewis answers tbe description of the individual suspected of tommittiag robberies at the North Grant nnd Union hotels. He, previous to his a rest, gave a large silver Turkish coin into tbe custody of a publican. It ia believed to be stolen, and an owner is required for it by the Ballarat East police. A deputation consisting of Mr \V. G. Spence (secretary to the Miners' Association, OrtSKicfc), Mr Williams (president of the A-M.A-), and Mi Macaw, was introduced to the Minister of fiailways yesterday by Mr Bichardson, M h. A., aad asked the hon. gentleman to reduce the fares tor miners travelling from the mines at Spring Hill to their homes at BiUarit. Mr Kent informed thern that he would consider whether he should have subnrbati fares in centres of population away from Melbourne, and if be decided there should be, lie would make one of the places to and from Creswick and Ballarat. The deputation also visited the traffic manager on tbe same cubject. The Hon. F. .Ormond announces by advertisement in our columns to - day that he intends to offer himself for flection as the representative of the Sonth-Western Province, and not for the new province of Wellington, in which BJdlarat is now * situatej. Some mischievous yoatha in going through the Botanical Gardens-.a day or two since amused themselves by hauling down some panels of fencing. The act was one of wanton misbehavior, and though the culprits escaped immediate detection, it is not improbable that they will yet be brought to book for it. A esse which has some bearing on tbe closing of the Ballarat and Creswick State forest to carters, was heard at the Creswick police court yesterday, by Mr Thomson, P.M. Two carters named respectively James Thompson and Robert Doyle, were charged by J.J. Kisane, Crown lauds bailiff with removing timber fromthe forest, in contravention of a proclamation. The prosecution was brought under the StateForest Act The defendants did not deny taking the timber, but pleaded ignorance of the proclamation referred to. The' bench accepting their explanation, inflicted the nominal fine of Is with 2s 6d costs. The minimum penalty for such an offence is a fine of £10. The fines were paid. The only other cases heard at the court ware those of Louis* Biackwel! v S. Holmes for unlawful assault, and S. Holmes v L Blackwell for a similar offence. The bench, after hearing considerable contradictory evidence, dismissed both cases. On Monday night, shortly before twelve o'clock, a cash-box containing cloee on £20, ia gold, paper money, .cheques, and aim, was carried away from the bar of TattersaU's hotel, Doveton street, kept by Mr Shrimpton. A youth named Thomas George Fry," and his father, Thomas Fry, had just pre-' viously had a drink in the hotel, and when the cash-box was missed the youth had also disappeared. thou?h the father remained in the bar. Information of the robbery was given to the police, and the elder Fiy was arrested for drunkenness.' Sergeant Simpson and Constable Trainor proceeded to a' house at Bedaa about rix o'clock yesterday morning, and fonnd the youth, T. G. Fly, in bed. He' first denied all knowledge of tbe box. bnt immediately afterwards took tbe police out into the yard, where under some stones all the money, two keys, and a stamp, which were stolen, were recovered, with the exception of a £5-note. In the garden was fonnd the cash-box. The youth said he was drank when he committed Xhk offence.' He was then arrested and lodged in the CSty lock-up. Yesterday tuormng ije was bronght on at the City Police Conrt, and committed to take his trial at -*he Ass iris, to be held in October next - Tr.c father pleaded guilty to being drank, and was fined 3s. Creswick is Jnst now busy dxsensung two forthcoming festivities, prancting far whkb has gi^en tbe feminine mind mnch thought, and the teams tress considerable employment, The fii^is' -the juvenile fancy dress baU.to.be given'by Dr Tremeame, in the Craswick. Town Hall, on TNinaday-mght next. Tbe doctor has invited, it is sain, of the of his patients, no less than -30D, andtbedres^betDgpreparedareapokeuof simply gorgeooa. On the 15th of September tbe tnll which follows.the annnilijtitsUation of officers of the CreawickjHavilah) f Vrennaaoas x ill take.plaee in theCreswick Hall, and it jdso m ecpected te be a Mgagair,. ; " ' \- Msiriywa}! tiadesman in tfae colony fcnbwa shrti«3 Ch«Hey F., the popular tnveller ior a Melbourne firm. CK, as a notable paiai 1 liarity,; dresses with can, aad- for some' effect. - ' Be has. something, of a. talent for .quizzing folks,' and his 'latest ~exploit in Bua wayis'wortJi Klitihg. - - o<rant^. -froio ;AeM . fae .met in a triun; leg BnMtdacreo, wbo had a great regard wold in the taw, and a supreme contempt fcwsiw naiapu .of ^tinpicgepara who ilnmapidactiired Wide, and especially .for <aminereial : travdlen. He had not bVn kmg with-. .jjC.R" ;vfhen he dispUyed' his antipathy, for commercials, He did, pot koQjr that bis. tw a n8 -«g one,; and Charl>*y F.- -laid low for a while. '- Ofe' wily GF. discussed sheep, wool, pasture,^ foot-rot, and other rot, and jvgretted 'that' bit toad only carried a «haep to the acre. - The two got on excellent tetm^. and arriving route for Metboune at W«stein_ iiilwiy station tin traveller^ said he "stoppsd at the Boyal. Broadacm deUghteil at this, for L-—s was snre'lo be fuS^of the obnoxious travellers, tfauki She fsaoM the pUce. He would at tiie ifo^l. too, witfe bis boon p»«non pf ihe voyage.- aad'iekbapfc the commercials. ' Charily F. played the landed proprietor splendidly, and kept the fan on, until at Scott's he turned to leave his companion, as he had a "litUe place of his own oat Hawthorn way to stay in when he was. in town." The othor sud "how nioe," and" suggested a Moet and Chandqnbefore partii^. They champ^gned together very_ pleasantly, yoncg Broattacres expressing regret at having "to lose so genial a companion. As Charley F. zose to go, he said—"Well, we kavc had a pleasant couple of days together—("We navel" ejaculated the other)—but yon did not blow, of course, that yon were fratcrnieingmosfc amiably with a 'commercial'all the while; eh?" As Charley sailed out, doing a big line in smiles, the other, having none on stock, gloomily murmured a benison and took to drink. Amongst the candidates who are already, mentioned as likely to -come forward at the next general election in connection with.the Sebastopol Board of Advice is a lady well known in the borough. It appears that she has been prevailed upon to eeek a seat in the board, and as she is possessed of intelligence something beyond the ordinary average, she will doabtlags, if returned, prove a valuable adjunct to that body. A large number of ratepayers in the borongh have expressed their -willingness to give her their support, and it is generally believed that if she enters tiie contest her return is certain. Of course it is understood that as far as the Act is concerned there is nothing to prevent females becoming members of boards of advicc. A young man named Capel J. Jones, appeared before the City Police Court yesterday, on a charge of stealing a sum of 2s from hiB employer, W. F. Craddock. of the Creswick road, Mr Craddock had had grave suspicions about the lad's honesty, and, to test it, marked some money and put it in the till. A few days afterwards a two-shilling piece was missed, and it was fonnd in the trousers pocket of the prisoner. In explanation Jones said he got some small change ont of his pocket for a' customer, and replaced the amount by tbe two-shilling piece. Thebenc|i gid not think tbeevidenceoonclnsive enough, and discharged Jones. A butchers bill «f extraordinary length was produced in a debt case at yesterday's City court. H. Oronk v T. J. Lamble, amount due for goods, £16 4a 4d. Defendant, it was stated, had admitted the debt by giving a bill of exchange, which was dishonored. An order was made for tfae amount and 26s costs. The Chinese party who. have squatted down near the Eldorado dam, in the borough of Scarsdale, hare determined to give the council some trouble, for they coolly pay no attention to the repeated instructions which have been-given to them to leave the ground and move on. The dam has been gazetted as a reserve, bnt John says he has oeen to see a lawyer on the matter, and, acting under instructions, declines to cease work there. So the council will probably hare to take legal proceedings against the Chinamen,-as the dam is a great convenience to a number ot ratepayers living in the neighborhood, who, of conrse, object to its being monopo- lised and in the endde&boyed; by the Chinese. The Melbourne Telephone Exchange Com. pany.ib making good its position in tor town and city, and lias submitted to the City and Town Councils propositions which will probably be accepted by tbem. Mr 0. Byron Moore, thesnccsafnlfloaterofthe Melbourne Telephone Kxchange Company, visits Ballarat on Thursday to pnt the finishing touch to tbe Ballarat branch exchange, so that operations will soon now be started. Slight amusement was created at the City Court yesterday by the reading of a letter from an individual who had been summoned to appear before the magistrates. He wished the summons to be extended for ten days, as in the event' of his being seat to prison a most awkward eontnlcmps would occur. His daughter was gcing to - be married within a few days, ana his attendance at the ceremony was necessary in consequence of the girl being nnder age. Tbe bench did not seem to have any sympathy with the defendant in the coming matrimonial affair, and two months' imprisonment was entered against bim. A number of men arrived in Haddon on Monday last, and are being set to wotk on the Ballarat to Scarsdale railway, ai.d probably some of tbe men in tbe plaice, who are out of employment in consequence of tbe old Racecourse claim being worked out, may find something to do until No. 5 Reform and No. 2 Racecourse are opened up. Another of Watson's patent double-action deep-lift pomps has just been completed, having been manufactured by Messrs Thompson and Co., of Castleinaine, to the order of the Crichton Freehold Gold Mining Company, Gembrook, Gippsland. The pump ba» 10-inch workings, and has been calculated for a depth of 730 feet (or same depth as the Queen pump), with a discharge of 44,000 allons of water per hoar. It is' intended gy the company's engineer, Mr J. N. Horn, to work this pump, and do all tbe winding, with a portable engine having two cylinders of 8 inches diameter. We understand that numerous applications for shares in the Malagoota Fish and Oyster Company are being received daily. A gentle, man who has just returned from the inlet leased by the company states that the waters teem with quantities of the choicest fish—sufficient to supply Meibonrne andBallarat for-years to come. The difficulty hitherto hie been in getting the fish to market in good condition; but this will be surmounted by the company, who intend a procure a steamer as a means pf transit. Au old man named Stephen Ksan was arrested by Constable Taylor, late on Monday night,"in Main' Btreet, being iu a state of intoxication. On the way to the lock-up he used filthy language, and for this Mr Tnrpie, J.P., yesterday fined him 40a, or one month in gaol. For tfae other change he was fined in the usual amount. Amongst the many improvements that are now being made in Ballarat in the building line are the additions being carried out st the Phoenix Coffee Palace, Armstrong street, at a cost of between £300 and £W0. It would since Mn. Roberts has been the lessee it it is absolutely necessary -for the accommodation Of visitors to greatly extend the premises, which when .completed will afford new reading room and separate refreshment mom for ladies. In addition will be attached one of the most spacious and codifortsble dining saloons in ttie city. The architects are Messrs Tappin and Gilbert,-' aad-tSs -contactor is Mr Drew.. . . A meeting of members of the Church of England, Haddon, was held on Monday last, for the paxpoae of electing a committee. The Rev. C. Han is convened the meeting and =-»ed over It. Hie'proceedings were prayer, - after which the chairman that church committees held no legal standing until -recently, when tbe Ch&rch; Assembly passed an. ac: for t£e purpose of making them legal, which act provided that six, nine, or twelve shall be the number eonjtrtuting committees, and tint he had choKdjthe smallest samfaer, as a beginning, to hold office till the«nd of tbe year, when the unmbar could lie increased if it is then thought desirable to do so. The mode of proceeding was read from the act by tile chairman from which it appeared that onethird el a committee are to be chosen by-the clergyman, aad two-tliirdj by the congregation, after nomination in both -rsncw Therebeing no more nomiUsted than were required, a the following were declared duly elected, namely ;— For the minister,. Ur Henry Sanders and Mr C. Brown, in.; and for the: congregation—Messrs H, R. M'Yitty. J. Ksrkpa;rick, C. J. Saunders, and H. Stride. The rev. chairman stated that-that- the above -fcail /been' -selected as "representing \- " - - —- , Mdtiut ' he had boraj told XX Othafa iwbo wbud iave liked to' m beonthji ffiw^lttee,batasthe tsnnforwhieh .been made: was buta&ort;, TI^WOALDAOCUBEUOPPBRTMATYFOROTIKN 'to be^-take^- oa; ~the committee.- !Ile chairman made akin d appeal lot aid and sym- -path? of il»e0miaittBe and the cboreh^an general, _and the-meeting "closed with the bsnedictna. "-,„"'*; .- '-, The following mmef were inspected reported npoo by Mf-Chades Stewart dining ^the week ending 19ch August:— 3uiythc a Ixle division—Grand Junction. Long Gaily United, Boyd and Company, Brown, 'jrant. . Tomei; Magili's Pjnadiold; uvsasasuuea -. -vS" 1 :V : and'Other* have long Buffered considerable loss and^Minoyby the depredation. of a cbe»af JoSfscs #»«> fefe rfsaotage of Wb stap t01s,«ft«D witit aaoSssJ^Spesmoct^osiit, pa&fatai; «oaemriorim<iau isoowat their ^oommaad-by «4ndi aa <mch m m m jfa W. J.O»dwick,trf ch aoori^i ia a most lnprtsat tiU. A.bdl the secret, and the wpSd-te tiBtdUier, in ^"Jfpng to open tbsm *»:fiBg*bell. The fa]', besides ito exodbot ^ l ^ ;«atety principle, is most conveniently arranged, and wul prove • peat boon to erety thopkeeper. Several persons^ is Ballaiat h»re alreaJy adopted the patent fall- The practical usefulness was tested for the first time in Ballarat on Monday night, about eleven o'clock, when a man, named Lewis, attempted to steal the contents of the till at the Earl of Zetland hotel. Bridge street. MrOollas, tbe landlord, had happily 'adopted the patent till, Bnd the thief, ringing a bell in bis vain attempt to open tiie receptacle cf tbe cash, alarmed the inmates. He was promptly eecarcd and given over into the bands of the police. A large and influential meeting was held on Monday evening at fiobinson's Cardiff Anns hotel, Sebastopol, for the purpose of' making arrangements for the annual balL From the number that attended the ball promises to be a great success. Mayor Leckie occupied the chair, and a committee, consisting of Councillors Ellsworth, Matbes, Hughes, Alroe, and Bateman, and Messrs Robinson, Bray, Alroe, jun.. Hart, Bosch, Triggs, Bainbridge,. Ham, Howells, and J. Richards, secretary,, was formed. It was decided that the ball should take place on Wednesday, 26th September, at tbe TownHall, Sebastopol; the proceeds to be given to the Ballarat Benevolent Asylum. The prices of the tickets were fixed at 7s 6d double, 53 angle, 2sG4ladies. Ail executive committee waa formed, consisting of Messrs Buach, Hato, Alroe, Bainbridge, Triggs, Bateman, Bray, Hart, J. Richards, to cany out the necessary arrangements. Tickcts may ba obtained from any' member of The committee at the end of the present week. The final rehearsal for the concert to be held on Friday evening in connection with the M.I.A. Union took place in the Academy last night, and judging from the manner m which the performers acquitted themselves, it should prove a great success. There was no business at the Smythesdale police court yesterfay, the only case on the list having been settled oat of court. We have received a copy, published in pamphlet form, of a sermon preached in St. 's Chnrch, Geelong, by the Bev. W. Chalmers, on Sunday evening, the 13th instant, on "Eternal Hope—What Does it Mean ?*' Tbe sermon, which ia a very interesting production, is published by Mr Henry Franks, of Geelong. Tbe alignment of the sermon is that there is hope for those who. have sinned after death,' as established by the saying of Peter, 4th chapter, 6th verse—" For this cause* was the GospeTpreached" also to them that are dead, that they might be judged according to men in the flesh, bnt live according to God in the spirit." At the beginningof the sermon the rev. gentleman says that the Rev. Joseph Cook -had jnst delivered a lecture on "Eternal Hope,"but "failed entirely to deal with the question which it (the title) The jury failed to agree in Constable Burton's case on Monday, and the accused wa*. therefore, remanded till the: next sittings of tbe court. .The constable iB accused of. perjury, and was tried at the Meibonrne Criminal Court on Monday. We are requested to republish the following from tbe Geelong Advertiser-.—"A retnarkable pretty medal, silver gilt, has been j made by Mr Fischer, ot Geelong, to the j a r ,i . . ' . -7* , order of the proprietors of the Mirror, fer|o presentation to Miss Hopton, for some com- i petitivo lines on the Queen's Birthday. I V. -„„ > . ,o Ittan the following mscnption:—^'Pre-, sent«l by the proprietors of tbe Mtrror to : Henrietta Mana Hopton, for the best sonnet I in^nmemoration oJh.M G.M. the Queen's | Birthday, and providential escape from assassination. 21th May, 1882.'" It is cnneceesary to publish the letter; Signed " A hater of shama," as the case re- ; ferred to is simply a piece of hnmbug. i , 3 , . " a , I in order to facilitate the traffic ou the j railway (says the A rami Advertiser) from 1 the department to construct a siding midway (y between Ararat and Bnangor. I At a meeting of* the committee of the | byaney Javenue loans trial Exhibition on [ Monday, Mr R. D. Bannister (says the i ^reportel that his Ute rfsit ^ Melbourne bad been very successful, and that be • had received mmy promises of support. He j and other gentlemen, all of whom stated to him that tbey were determined Melbourne should not take "a back seat." Mr James Bell, of Dunolly, merchant (says the Telegraph), has published his preliminary address to. tfae electors of the North-Western Province, and promises to explain his political views at an early date. On Monday <says the Bendigo Independent) a boy named English picked np a fine specimen near the the Great Extended Hustler's mine. The boy went to the claim, where his father was engag.-wi tribating, and discovered the nugget a short distance away from the shaft. The specimen ia worth abont £5. . The open season lor hares, (says the ,, World) . will be extended ia consequence of the treat i : I ^ » increase in their numbers. Mr Murray Smith (says the Herald). I rldol t °j7 enda " M^rne, nnderdat^ Ijondon, Juiy, says:—"The climate even I now is horrible. What will it be in winter? j and the cost of living is something enormous.' He further adds that "Mr Gladstone is the greatest defbatqr he has ever heard.' Arrangements (says the Argue) hare Inn entered into between the Minister of Railways aad the Australian Electric I^igh*, Power, and Storage Company fbr .iightii-g the Spencer street railway station with electricity. On Monday Mr K. L. Murray, the telegraph engineer of the Victorian railways, inet tile representatives of the Klectric Light Company, and indicated the points at which lamps were necessary. These lamps will be provided by the company free of £ost, and wheo tbe light ban been exhibited, tbe Railway Department have the option, if they think it satisfactory, to purchase the whole of the apparatus at a fixed sum. The following conversation {says the Melbourne correspondent of the Ararat Advertiser) recemtly took place between an M.P. and a constituent, and I give it " widont prejudice:"—M.P.—" You want a billet! Constituent—'• I do." M.P.—"-Does your name begin with an 01" Constituent—" It does not." M.P.—"Or a Mac*'' Constituent—"Ho." M.P.—"It isn't Houlihan, Horrigan, Fiynn, or Ptarmigan ?" Constituent—"No, no, indeedl" "Oh,then," said the M.P., Yon had better wait till a change ol Government takes place, for yoii haven't a ghost of chance with the .present Ministry." General Scobeleff died <*f heart disease, brought on, it is supposed, by a contusion from a spent ball at Plevna. Another account mentions poison. We again direct attention to thc pn»pectns of tbe llaligiMU Eu h and Oyster Comp -ny. Limited, which appears in our advertising eolumn to-day. Four vacancies have occurred in the -Board of Advice for tbe west riding of Grcovillehire. jNominations will be reoeiretl by Mr Dadds, returning officer, - Xanton, - up to Thnraday, the 31siinstant' . The first of the district ploughing matches this seasou takes-place to-dj«s at Mr De taueey Forth'* farm, Bjowiiard, snder tbe aasploes of the Dowling Forest'match oommittec. _ We apderetand tiutm.laiseanuiber Of entries )iave 4>een redeiirBd,' gpff-atjangewts are inade for tbe <m>re>Bebce and oianfortJrf vintnsf aiiKe aumbec<bdng ex. peeled to be present on the ground. - -• A grs^tnnotttwill begnreniuSt; John's aid of Mr J. •Congress.: '-An excellent programme bas beea arraogo], and tba coibpuy will indode-^Mrs a J. Hatsoa; Woes Blmb, Bpoml<sr. Moi^ liiAoU^Pyri^ ^^^ toa, and_ Wlgbtwiok, Me«rs Bmy. Taylar, Wright, Sbeldoo. ChamJjMBn, P*gW.'OiTO», (Angnin. and Mac- S S ? * ^ " ® o w n Dram and Fitt Jisw will .also Vgenerously asust, heMWoeet «Bfc*|iSBeded atortih- ^ b y the Soldiers' ffiU Fire at the Bu-faHemd hotel on Ilaalw w ? aUBMd^ltv'olocfe ' ^ ^ mghtti'i " Tl>e annual meeting of thcXadie^ SeoevoIeBtGbthingSo<re»wiHbeiwM«n, ^cmopa,,at toara'doc^ini^Bo^-Mxnn, vuapstnvt,- Members of the BalUint BMMs' ma. Cinb arskmsinded half-v^rly rneetwKJ^^^b^dthisaramag, after ji meetiug rf the return mayw'a ball com. onttoe will be fadd at |>at«e« hotel, -this evening, at eight o'doti. We .-remind - : our • _ readera - • of . •»•». tin wan sirnt esl-safl elocntkmaty entertamment «u, evening to takc pU^ in the Eastern F^' Bngade Ball, wider the iuspices of the Bai- • A meeting of the Bnngarer, Sc. nb,,^, ing mttah committee will be held Racecourse hotel, this evening, at half JT^ tgvea, to deal with tenders for tfce larat East Lodge, LO.G.T. Br J. B L.D., Bill preside. A splendid has been arranged. f "£ramm, _ Mr Bernard Sheridan's friends are n quested to meet at Bateman's hotel Sew! topol, this evening, at half-past tight. A meeting of the Soldiern' »;ii p- Brigade will be held at the brigade.™ this evening, at a quarter to seven, A parade of the 1st B.Y.R. win ^ h to-night, commencing at half-past seven All members wishing to compete ia the tu'„^f war or skirmishing teams must give inttri* names at once. ™ Dr O'Hara hss commcnced practice at Allandale, and can be consulted at hispritaJ rooms, at the Durham Ox hotel. 