TURF- COS81P. Br FAtcoir; Although wo are ready to admit that tho Kyne ton meeting is an exceedingly pleasant one to attend,, wo are compelled to say tbat tha oua re cently held docs not come up to many wo could i name. It is a great pity that' it should be I allowed to- degoncruto, for, independent of tho ' pleasant little courso,, it is easy to reach. All j can be donoin ono day, without having to tar tho ! rC&OUrCnR; nf- 'in nVPr.nMWrlo,! lintnl ml-HM f/\n ' ofton, a bod is. a bod divested' of allcoinfort, and ! in a room shared hy another^ which is fusty, and ' filled with antiquated furnituro ; whero meals : have to be scramblod' for,;and: to find a private j or comfortables sitting room. iB next to ;in im- ' possibility. It is the want of these j comforts: that - causes, tho cry to bo raised for ono day meetings and special trains. Now I have no doubt there aro plenty of very nico hotels to be found, in the country under ordinary circumstances, hut at raco times and olections tho [ accommodation is inclined to bo a littlo overtaxed. The one day moating and Bpecial train enables a man to roost on his own perch, which, will alirays havo the preference. Kynoton has long beeir a- one day meeting, ex cepting that two years ago a second day was tried, which partook more of a local day than an open one It, was; not a. success, and tho attempt will notber repeated:, Tho Kyneton Club hare been running under ono programme now for years, andi a. slight change, would, bo found to bo boneficiaK' What was appreciated eovon years ago may not be bo highly esteemed to-day. JCoat things wear onfe with age,, and a progrimmo is not less impregnable.- There is so much inct ponsive racing provided' for owners round and about Molbourho that stables begrudge paying railway fores. At tho moment of writing I can count' twenty-Gvo days1 racing per annum not far removed ?fronr town, or ono .hundred. '. and fifty good races against whieh, tha county clubs hava to compete, At the late nioetdng- three horses startod for tho Hurdle Kaco, which was wonby Jack, the favorite, Beaufort, boing tho last of tho three. Of course tho public suffered, as- it preferred the chances o£ a 9-st. i lb. horsa» to ono who carried 11 st. 7 lb. Then in the Kynoton Handicap nono could seo anything in it but the winner of the Australian flnn \vriA Xena ♦linillrlif *rt Via ms nt-iaTn in nf T of ' 8 lb., buthe got done by Crystal, 7 st. 5 lb. And when Blantyro was-iroally a good thing- for tho Boiling Sac's, thero was- no betting, or & to 2 on him. Lucy was everybody's selection for the Steeplechase, but Skylark, comes, out of bis sholl and beate her. Thon tha followers of Pollio thought to retrieve themselves by laying even money and 5 to 1 on him. for tho Lanriston Haudicapj and he. again got beaten. I hoar in this raco he picked up- tv stone1, which lodged in his frog; so thero is always something occurinc to defeat backirsi The other rat-ts were of small worth, but tho favorites. won. ? Tlio temporary misundeostandiiig between Mr, ' W. Lang audt Mr. H. Phillips iu the soildlingrmd dock after theThroq and Four-year-olil Handicap. .at the late- V.1LC: meeting, has been satisfactorily explained. ' Tho fact is, Mr. Lang lostovor £10a lOnPellSIell; butinithe prosonce of Mr. PhiUips'a .son took 10, to:2;about, Commotion, upon which a miflchiavjDus third person,' whoso ears wore' some, what larner' than his :disorotion, went and told Mr. Pliillirra tbatEang wu3 backing' Commotion.! jThiB naturally mode ;Mr. Phillips rather indig. ;naut, Commotion, having woA t raco beforothis pieco of information was voluV^iered. Both Mr. Jliuilina and la&H; were he!\vy losers by fell Mell'ij i runmnft. . .ITr. EhiUinB,.uofbraleaYin«:for Bryan I 0 Eyiin, eauli £oll. Moll; acoia . to. itrs Lang to train. Immediately after the* meBting at Oaulfield on Sitardny,- sereralinombers'of tbe ?ring' will lea vo ! for Sydney to be- present at the Hawkesbury | meeting- on 30th' March- and 1st -Arril: The ? HawkcsUilryUanllicuD is Ibokcd' upon, as a moat r onoo, riioa from tliu. fact of iu being conftnod to a milo and a half.' Tho favorites are— Sweet Wit liam, 8 at. 41b., and Tho Drummer, 6 at. 01b.; Larpan^, 7sfc. 8llb-.,|;IJarhor, Hat 21b. ; and :Guil;irz,, Zst.,,alBobomg thought to. havo a great chance. Eomo also. fancy Eros, Oat. 21b., has. a chance. .Added' to these, I bJiohW imagine that.litand well Faimouth.S'Bt. 31b., muBt bo far in it ; and Gipsy Conpor, 8st, if ho only ran up to his Wiiggn form, would bo very bard to boat. On. paper nothing looks hotter than Sweet Willimn, It is possible, hiiwover; that ho may bo . reserved for the Sydney Gold Chp. Mr. Ethihea is noli at all siitisfied with tho performance ot 'ilio Qboat, in the Nowmarkot \- Handicap, so. ho gavo Mr. John Thompson 100 sovs. for him. in order to give him another trial That Tho Ghost can gallop is beyond' doubt, for ?Euelin'i Cremorno and'Belladrum have all suffered an ignominious detent at his hands in private but in nnblic they reverse matters- with biro. Tho party, lost, a power of money on this son ot Trocoaglo, the majority of whom declare that ho shall' nover again carry a shilling ot theirs. His running, ut CaulfieM today will therefore be. most iutcreBtinc to watch. At tlio Brighton I'ark meeting Pioneer won. the Hnrdla Race by a. head froia tho Nut Nancy ha'l a.wulkovor for tlio Pony Riiee- Bushman took the- Autumn Handicap, and' Valentino the Selling race, and Sonneteer took the Brighton Handicap, Recently there was a meeting held in Melhourno between tbo representatives of tho V.R.O. A.J C and tho S.A.J.C. : Messrs. A. K. 1'inlay and Loonard'.ropresentod Victoria; Jfessrs. Searrand Austin, New South Wales- r and Messrs; S. Bar nard and Pilo,- South Australia. Tbe object was toreviso tlio rules, bo as. to umko. them, uliko ac centablo. to each, colony.. On this- head tho variousgontlcmcn. were protty well of ono mind, so-tljBso eolonieawill now soon be racing under one code of rules. There is nothing liko boinp iir time, and soi thinks the worthy secretary of Iho Molljonrnoi Hunt Club, who has just, issued his. programme: for the annual meeting, on hor Majesty's birth day. For years past, this meeting has rigidly kept to*24tb May, and now the poopleos reguiarljr look- for- it*. Tha programrac'compri&es; six races, and is a mixture of flit and jumping races. It opons with a HandicapHurdb Race, of 50 bovs... 1 a; mile and a half and a distance. This is followed by a. Handicap Flat Eaco, of 50 sovs., six fur longs-; Open Handicap Steeplechase, 100 sovs., ! with Bweenof 3 sovs., two miles- and a half; ;? Corinthian Plat Race, of. 50 sovs., six furlongs ; 1 Selling Race, 50 sovs.,. half a mile ; and Flying ; Handicap, of 50 sovs., half a milo. Tho day ot . entry is Monday, 8th May. I Messrs. Roberto and' Colb.ath havo decided to i trot their match on the Victorian Trotting Club's i grounds on 15th April, su that: the lovers of the j pastime will not bo disappointed in ths meeting o£ Boccaccio and Von Moltke, both of whom aro iu splendid condition. There is no betting on the result, but it is expected thoro will be before tho day. Cora was not handicapped for the Richmond Handicap, to be run to day,havingbeen previously scratched; is said fractured hor jaw. After tho Kyneton races Beaufort was Bold to Mr. E. Weekes. Mr. Thonias Corrigan has purchased thoTubal Cain— Coiiuetto colt off Mr. Samuel Gardiner for 700 gnineas. The colt goes to Ballarat to train. Tho Avocl Shire Turf Club havo signified their intontio&of; holding a two days' raco meeting on tho 25th iind 20th April. It opons with a Soiling Handicap rfurdlo Raco, of 30 sovs., ono mile and a half. Aftor this comes tha Avo&i; Shiro Turf Club Handicap,, of 50 sovs;, ono milo and a nuartcr; tho Stewards' Cup, a selling raco, of 20 sovs., ono mile ; Maiden Plato, 20 bovb.', aix fur longs ; and. Telegraph Stakes, 30 bovs., holfa mile. Tlio second day opens with a Trot, 20 sovb. j Town Plate Handicap, 50 sovs., ono mile ; Handi cap Hurdlo Raco, 50 sovs. , two miles ; Novel Selling Race, 30 bovs., six tiirlonga ; and Spring Handicap, 20 sovs., ono mile and a distanco. Nominations are due on Tuesday, 11th April. Bacchus Marsh weights ara not due until the Ii7th inst. Nominations for the Millewa Stakes, Ecbuca Handicap, Hurdle Race, Flyine Stakes and Town Plate are duo on Thursday, 30th inst. Attention will shortly bo directed to the day of nomination for tho Deniliquin Jockey Club races, which are to take-nlaca 27th and 28th April. The stakes are most liberal, and tho distances most suitable. Balranald will recoive entries for their meeting 30th and 31st May, on. the first of next month, at leant for the threo principal event? — the Bal ranald Handicap, of 50 sovs., the StcoploohoBC, of 30 bovs., and tha Hnrdlo Race. On Tuesday lost tho booths for the Victoria Amateur Turf Club meeting, to bo held to-day on tho club's grounds nt Caulliold, were sold. Mr. Grimbloy, of Brighton, secured No. 1 booth for £16, No. 2'for £1:7, and the luncheon boath for £9. Mr. Darcy secured tho booth on tho Hat for £13 ; and Mr. Salt the outer carriage paddock for £1. Total, £57. The charge for each horse in the outer carriage paddock is ono shilling. Maurice Griffin, the well known trainer, of Brighton, was in the train which met with an ac cident at. the Windsor station on Saturday lost In the collision his left thumb was put out of joint by being thrown against ths »ido of tho carriage bo was riding in. Otherwise, with tho exception of tho shock to his norvous system, ho sustained no further injuries. Grifh'n is training, and was to have driven tho imported horse Con tractor in tho Stallions' Raw at the Trotting Club Meeting, on tlio 1st of next month, which he is afraid ho will now have to abandon. Ho is. un able to drive him in, his training. The next meeting of tho Victoria Amateur Turf Club will beheld on Saturday, Gth May. Tho programmo will- be issued forthwith. Tbe general' entries foe tho Australian Jockoy Club Autumn Meeting are both encouraging and satisfactory. Thoy aro in all respects up to thoso of provious years, and. that tba Sydneyitcs will onjoy a great racing carnival is. certain. There are- thirties and fifties in every etako. We have Handy Andy, Albyn, Dhurringhile, Monitor, Young Alfred,. Lacy, Eros, Hieroglyph, Boaufort and Carlisle in the Hurdla Race, and most of tho same horses in tho Steoplechaso ; and Progress, Royal Maid and Wellington in tho A. J.C. Plate, over threo miles. Tha fields are certain to bo large, and. as usual tho racing is cortain to bo good. There are very good entries for tho Williami town races, to toko placo on Eastor Monday, being a dozen in tho Hurdlo Bace, nineteen in tbo Altona Handicap,, fourteen in the Telegraph Stakes, ten in tho Qalloway Stakes, eleven in the Etcoulocliaso, and eighteen in. the- Beaford Handi cap-. The weights have-now ta ba adjusted; The hurdlo raco homo P. G. is again put ia work. At a recent meeting' of Tattorsall's Club in Sydney, the. balahcB to credit was '£975. The committee, intend; increasing ' thai value, at the staKes» '.'-..,,; . ,.-' .'. ' ;: .... Mr. Robertson's oballongo to run. hlsa harao Poor lie for 60 bovb., half a mile, catch weights, against all who would enter tho lists, lias noUona ?by/default, Mir. Craig, ofCbrachnvingrforwMdea to Mr. Ripppn, tho stakeholder,, at Hamilton, a Bora; asearnontmouoy. Sinco then throe more auceptora have, sent in &, «ov» They- era the Messrs. Skeno Bros., Kt. D. M'LelJan and. Iht Conly. Ifallthesogo on with tile ongagenrea* ? Jlo stake will bo worth winning. Had tbo- chat longo appeared in the Melbourne sporting popoisv thero would- have been moio acceptors. Mr. Bublort wishes me to ntato that the. timA for receiving tha nominations for tho. Avoco, Haal dicaps ha« been altered to I'ridax,. 7th. April; In another column, will be found tha pro* gramme for the Wyiidbam races, to take.place odi Saturday, 22nd April, which will bo, furtho* alluded to- next week. Mr. W. Pearson has been compelled toha-so his old jiro Vagabond destroyed; from injuries inflicted by othor horses. In his day no- got many useful horses. . Old Lone Hand haa won another ateoplcobase' in New Zealand, Prosress, Royal Maid, Transferred and' Mis. taken arrived: safely in Sydney; as did; Mr; D& Meatro'n horses. Twilight, tho erosra-eonntry mareby Pairiirwho recently won tho Steeplechaso at Flemingtoni. has gone into John Henderson's stable to Ira trained. Artful Joe has again been carrying his: eoforJ to. victory at. Taturai Tho Adelaide Racing Club is. orecting, a, na* grand stand, 160 t'eei long by 30 feet deep, wittj a projecting roof of 8 feet, to protect tho ocesi pants from tbo rays of tho sun. Although thoro in at present no outright betting on the Sj-dnoy Gold Cup which would give an* cluo to.stablo intentions, nothing looks no well in as: Bweot William, 6 St., and Tho Drummer,, 9 rt; 2 lb. This colony will bo represented by Progress, Wellington and Eoyal Maid, nnd if any of these win it, I am, inclined to think it will bo Welling ton. The field is by no means a, strong one,, aud perhaps tho old hero has rarely met a weaker, for some time ; therefore there is hope. First Water, who nover broke down, but who did pull up lam* in tho Australian Cup,, has, gone over. Lor^ Burgliley is not badly in this race ;. and of enures il there was any dependence to be placed on GipsS Cooper, 7 at, 41b.,,heha8a.mii3tfavoraQl-jv«dgM to assist him. All Me. Macpherson's. Iioroes, ineluding'Sania Claus and Robbie Burns-,, will be sold by aoctioo, at Kirk's Bazaar, on Wednesday, next, an Mr. Macpkcreon iu.leimng for EngUuid.. 