CHILDREN'S INQUIRY COLUMN. INA MILLER AND N. S. LAFUFER.—Will you allow me to remind you of the Editor's notice:—" We do not ask for replies to these puzzles ?" I am sorry not to give you a better reward for your industry in solving these questions, but they do not belong to this column. M. R.—Do you think true Christians should make wine when they know what a curse it is ? Wine is occasionally used as medicine as well as in the Communion Service, so it is not always "a curse." Individually I would have nothing to do with making or selling alcoholic stumulants of any kind except as medical preparations, but my opinion will not help you, or anyone, half as effectively as the old advice—"In all thy ways acknowledge God, and He will direct thy paths."—Prov. iii. 6. 2\. What is meant by sinning against the Holy Ghost ? Rejecting His aid, disregarding His influence, or denying his existence. I imagine your question refers to Matt. xii. 32, or Mark iii. 29 ; but if you read the passages carefully you will 6ee that our Lord was speaking of a very hardened state of heart, in which by continual resistance to Him men could believe Him to be in league with the devil, or asserted it in order to destroy His influence over the people. This state is the growth of time and wilful defiance of God's love, as shown by the life, deeds, and teachings of our Lord Jesus Christ; and is the result of persisting in rebel- lion against the Holy Spirit, not of one act or " word.'* See Acts viii. 18-24,1. Tim. i. 13. Received with Thanks.—The New South Wales In- DEAR FRIENDS—It is gratifying to hear that this column is of use; and an examination of it since August, 1880, shows that some sixty different verses of the Bible have been considered, besides a few questions relating to Christian life and work. It has recently been said that young people, especially in the country, are too shy to write letters asking for information about the Bible, and yet they are glad enough to read the answers given to other enquirers. May I then remind you that the questions need only bear initials as signature, and might just as well be written on post cards, as enclosed in envelopes. At the same time "letters " are very welcome, and if I can help any of you, I shall be glad to do so. Those of you who have read Miss Havergall's life, must be familiar with her repeated counsel to "search the Scriptures:" and it is very excellent advice, since the Bible contains all we know of our Lord Jesus Christ, and is full of promises and guidance that will make our lives happy as well as useful if we will obey its directions. To read the Bible is well; to learn its meaning by study, comparison of passages, and explanation is better: and this column is intended to encourage both these habits among our young. Fellow-colonists, will you then help it by using it, or by any suggestion which 6eems to you likely to increase its value? All letters, questions, or suggestions connected with the " Children's Inquiry Column " should be addressed to "Thalia Curtis," Colonist Office, Leigh- street, Adelaide. THALIA CURTIS. 