ANNIVERSARY OF THE YOUNG MEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION. The seventh anniversary of the Geelong Young Men's Christian Association was celebrated last evening by toa and public meetings, held in the Exhibition Hall. About 450 persons Bat down to tea, which was pro vided by Mr H. T. Howard, of Moorabool Btreet, in excellent style. After justice had been dono to the good things provided, a public meeting was held in tliu Theatre hall, which was crowded. The president of the association, Mr R. Gillespie, occupied the chair. Tlio proceedings were commenced by the Rev. J. F. Ganna- way offeriug up prayer. The choir then Bang "Onward, Christian soldiers," after which Mr W. Gurr read tho report. This stated that during the past throe or four years tho association was barely able to exist, but now they had secured the services of Mr A. J. Stewart as secretary, only however on probation, but they trusted tho public would assist them to retain his services, which were very valuable. The debt on the build ing at the beginning of the year was £S00, and Mr R. Gillespie had offered £50 on condition that tho balance was subscribed by the end of tho present month. Of this sum £513 3s had been subscribed, and it was expected the proceeds of the tea meeting and the collection would wipe off the debt of £2S4 17s. The associa tion was doing a good work, and service was held every Sunday evening in the Exhibition hall, and was largely attended. Service was also conducted in the State school at Batesford, and tho Protestant Orphanage was visited fortnightly. Tho mutual im provement portion of tho association was progressing, and £10 had bceu given in prizes for essays, and would shortly be competed for. The report asked the public to assist to dp the work which they professed to do, and which was the work of tho Lord. The chairman (Mr R. Gillespie, prcsideut of the Geelong Young Men's Christian Association) said the report which had been read had given them all the information which it was pos sible to givo. The work the association had done in the past was a great one, and what thoy would do in tho futuro would be still greater. Ilo had heard of aeveral young men who were once members of the Geelong Association, and ho was very gratified at the news. The yonng men of Geelong, from the Bible classes, and of tho association, would compare favorably with young men in any other place. Uo thought it was de eirablc to havo a hall where all denomina tions could assemble for worship, and that was ono of the principal reasons which prompted the association to purchase the hall in Ityric - street. They held a meeting every Moutlay at threo o'clock, and members of every deno mination wcro welcome. It was neces sary for tho association to have a hall where they could hold their meetings ; therefore the money for the purchase of tho hall was not ill-spent. Tho members of the association met weekly, and practised reading and ex tempore speaking. They had a very ener getic and faithful secretary, aud the associa tion only wanted the assistance of tho public, and then, ho trusted, it would bccome a blessing to the town. Tho choir then Bang the hymn, " We plough the fields and scatter." Tho Rev. H. A. Langley said lie was pleased to congratulate tho meeting that evening, and the association, on the occasion of their anniversary. He thought in their secretary tlio association had the right man in tho right place, and, with the blessing of God, the association would bo suro to succeed. Ho trusted tho Christian public of Geelonf, would assist tho associa tion to wipe off the debt on their building, and so promote a good Christian work. Young men's associations wero absolutely necessary, aud tho work done by them could not be effected by churches. Tako. for instance, the Melbourne association, which held meetings every Saturday and Sun day evening, which wero largely attended by numbers of the worst characters iu Mel bourne, who were instructed in tho work of God by the yonng men. There was a liking amoDg young men for each other's company, and they wero brought together frequently by being members of the x oung Men's Chris tian Association," and it provided for young men a theatre m which they could display their energy and love for God. Ho believed it was the duty of all Christian men to assist the association in furtheringitsgoodwork. All spiritual victories were won by prayer, and they ought to pray often to God to assist them to convert sinners to the path of Light. If prayer did not succeed in bringing men to the knowledge of tho Redeemer, nothing else could. He thought every other method was fruitless. For the association to succeed, they should place full confidence in the Holy Ghost, and thus make their work a living reality. He hoped tho Geelong Young Men's Christian Association would ever continue to labor in the good work which they had begun. Mrs H. Hobday next sang, with great expression, "Consider the lilies." Mr M. H. Davies, President of the Melbourne Young Men's Christian Association, then addressing the meeting, said lie was j pleased to attend from a kindred association to assist at thoir anniversary, and ho was also pleased to note the progress" of the Geelong Association. Through the associa tion he had formed acquaintance with many who were now his most intimate friends, and he thought many other members could say the same. He regretted that there was not a young women's association vet eata. blished in tho colony, ns he thought there was plenty of work for them to do. He asked, those who had riches to be liberal to the association, and thus use what God had favored them with in Hia work. Ho then made an earnest ap peal to those present to contribute to the collection in aid of tho building fund of the association. If £184 was subscribed by the end of tho present month, he would be most happy to give another £100. (Applause.) Mr W. G. Marsh, general secretary of the Melbourne association, said they wcro much indebted to Geelong for their success. Mr Hitchcock had set tho ball rolling, and the amount of good he had done was inestimable. The association was doing an immense amount of good in Mel bourne, and it was easily seen how necessary such an association was. They did all they professed to do, and they made no distinc tion as to denomination. His rooms, in Mel bourne were nightly thronged with young men, who assembled to hear tho word of God, and they again brought others with them, and thus a good work was being dono. Ho gave many instances of. tho good work which was being carried on in Melbonrno, in the recital of which he became very enthusiastic. In Goelongthere was much work to be done. On Sunday evenings,whilst tho churches were filled,' the streets were also filled, and he hoped the Secretary of the Geelong Association would ever endeavor to bring young men to God. In conclusion, he trustod tho services in the Exhibition Hall on Sunday evenings would be. largely attended, and ho wished! the Geelong Association every aucccss. Tho choir sang " Let us joinwhen the Rev. H. Bath said that, after the several practical addresses which had been delivered, he would not take up the time of the meet ing, Ho would say, however, that among tho memories of the past those with the Christian youag men were the most ploasing to him. Young men could be better enter tained by friends of their own age, and thus, he thought, Christian Young Men's Associa tions should bo encouraged. They, however, wanted a leader, one who would draw many others round him. Ho was pleased to ad dress the meoting that evening, and wished tbo association every success. Mr W. Gurr, on behalf of tho association, thanked all those who had assisted to make the anni versary such a success. Tho choir rendered a hymn, and the meeting was closed by the Rev. W. C. Bunning offering up prayer. Mr H. Hobday acted aB conductor of the choir, and Miss Hunt presided at tho organ, with their accustomed ability. The collec tion taken up during the evening amounted to about £25, and the proceeds of tho tea meeting will amount to about £30. 