THE REV. GEORGE CHADWICK, D.D., ON BANDS OF HOPE. (Irish Times.) IN the course of a sermon recently de- livered in Christ Church Cathedral, Dublin, tho above rev. gentleman said :-A congress is gathered in your city from the three kingdoms of workers among the young, in what are well called Bands of Hope, and I am to commend their cause to j'our attention. And it is a happy omen-that our first lesson, coming in its regular course, should be the story of a father who com- mands his children to abstain, and of the divine smile on their obedience, even when the prophet calls on them to drink wine. Let us not overstate our case. It would bo absurd to argue that such a command ia a binding precept on us, the children of the New Testament law' of liberty, or else how could we build houses or dwell in them, or plant vineyards, or sow seeds, since Jonadab forbade all these equally with wine to the descendants of Rechab ? Yet, this narrative, in another aspect, greatly helps one case. The strange notion is still lingering, chiefly among elderly people, who half believe geology to be untrue, and are afraid of ghosts, that it is actually unlawful for a Christian to abstain. Some believe us to be Manichees, revivers of the ancient heresy that matter as such is evil. Others assail us with the verse which states that every creature of God is good. But these argumenta would cany one to strange extremes. Are we bound to clear our- selves of Manicheism by imbibing rum and absinthe, or does the ortho- doxy of matter stop short with the lighter wines ? What of the still more mad- dening drinks of Russia and the East arrack and bang ? Do we insult good creatures of God by denouncing these vil- lainous decoctions? And what shall we think of opium- eating ? Is our horror of that vice also Manichean, and are we abso lutely bound to receive this " creature" also with thanksgiving? If you answer yes, opium is good in its due place as a drug, you are right ; but why may not alcohol, too, have the same comparatively modest sphere? The narrative before us refutes this whole objection, and shows that in certain junctures and for sufficient reasons wine may be prohibited with- out heresy, since there is no taint of Manicheism upon the name of Jonadab. Here there is wine prohibited, not to all men, nor as absolutely unlawful in the abstract ; it is simply forbidden in a grave emergency as a wise and permanent precaution to his own family, by a thoughtful observer of the master evil of a luxurious and ungodly time. And this is exactly the position we aro now to take up and defend. I shall not ask whether alcohol is wholesomo or the re- verse ; in moderation, its effects have per- haps been exaggerated by both sides ; and assuredly the pulpit is no place for phj'siolo gical discussion ; this great question con- cerns tho Church of God onlj* because its roots are struck far deeper than the scalpel and the microscope can track thom. Nor shall we pause over the ingenious argument that cortain Hebrew words for vino are never used but in dispraise, and the terms of neutrality or favour apply only to non- intoxicating drinks. Neither the scholarship nor the logic of such an assertion is beyond dispute, nor even if it vvero sound could Christians be entangled in the meshes of Jewish prohibitions. Wo do not hesitate to eat shell-fish, nor can such a theory be applied to the Greek of our New Testament. Nor, upon the other side, aro we concerned with the penitent inebriate. That he must abstain is onlj' too notorious, for perhaps the world could not produce a scoro of really confirmed drunkards who have reached sobriety through what is called moderato drinking. But wo aro thinking now of quito another class, of the young and unsophisticated ; and it is on this account that our attention is drawn to the action of Jonadab, tho son of Rechab. There is not a shred of evidence that he entertained any theological or physiological views about either tho wicked- ness or tho unwholesomeness of alcohol in tho abstract, or was conscious of personal excess, or had to stem tho ravages of actual intoxication in his tribe. But he felt as the Hebrew prophets did, when the» curse, the shame, and tho burden of national intempe- rance wrung the ciy from them-wine is a mocker ¡ strong drink ragoth ; look not on tho wine when it is red ; and ho charged his peoplo to break away from it« influence en- tirely. And who will say that our times are better than the former ? Who is igno- rant of tho same need for stern and vigorous measures to-day as then ? Is it to day, when all classes are steeped in osten- tatious luxury, when the moral fibre is so perilously relaxed that oven middle-aged men are astonished and terrified by the change they can themselves remember, when the future of society, by many an ominous indication, threiitons to bo still blacker than the present, and when this vieo of intem- perance (fed liku the ocean bj' its streams from every other vico, and indirectly feeding ¡ill of them in return) shows itself to be an ocean also in devouring cruelty and in extent-to-day, when for the first time woman begins to rival the intemperance of man, so that, with smaller earnings and less liberty, 30 per cent of tho committals to tile county gaols for this offence aro hers to-day, when wo can produce a drunkard who luis beon moro than 200 times in prison (not to speak jç>f the pqlice^ells'iSi^^^d when a wom&q;^rem^flaed'tíiat it is Ker 73rd appearance/^shaiiielessl^ ¡replies tliai, 73 is still far from 70' times t\ (which our Lord forgives), when educated\Womeh'iarejfound at daybreak helpless in the fields and driven to the nearest police station in a cart, and _o±heiuiu.-ßj-arried_oui.from.Slate_receptions drunk-to-day, when our army of habitual drunkards is twice as large as that which -has conquered Egypt-to- day, when an able physician sits down, to refute our teetotal estimate- of-60,000-deaths -a-year- directly traceable to someone's intoxication, and ends being an honest inquirer, by doubling our estimate, and adding 1;00,000 indirectly slain by the same murderous agency-that is to say, one in every two minutes and twenty-one seconds-ana the medical societies accept fhis calculation, and when the statesman who controls the fortunes of Britain declares that it works among us the combined evils of famine, pestilence, and war-is it to-day, when there is no man of middle life but has seen persons once his equals now dead or besotted, dis- graced, despised, lost in body and soul, and when you cannot find one parish clergyman of any experience but can point you to youths misled-alas I and maidens, too-to fair prospects blighted, situations and eyen fortunes lost, families beggared, lives cut short amid infamy and anguish which are heartbreaking' even to loik upon -to-day when the wave of strong drink has only just receded from its high-water mark of infamy, and has not yet ceased to be at a higher flood with us than any other nation ever, reached-is this the time to discourage any effort of others, or to refuse any self-sacrifice of our own by which our glorious nation, the leader in all charities and in all religious effort, may cease to be the leader of the world also in this excess of riot ? If ever a whole com- munity was called on to cut off the right hand which offends it, now is the time in our islands and this is the offence. Take any large number of even our most hopeful youth-the prize list at our Intermediate Examination, the honour list of our Univer- sity-and who will dare to guarantee their safety? You cannot say to one or another thou wilt fall, but alas ! it ii almost certain that some will perish, some lamp will be quenched, for some the sun will go down while it is yet day. Is it nothing that our temperance societies should offer to each of them the means of absolute security through decent respect for their plighted word ?-that in our ranks the peni- tent should find his only asylum ?-that we should have so completely broken up the social conspiracy that now it is rather an honour to abstain than the opprobrium it was once ?-that the ever mounting statis- tics of drunkenness should at last be checked, and begin, howover slowly, to de- cline, because (almost unaided) we have stood between the living and the dead to stay the plague ? Not by a too subtle com- parison of Hebrew roots, not by a return to Judaic ceremoniidism, not even by a search into the laws of health, but by palpable and great results do we justify our imitation, of Jonadab, in such another sensuous age cor- rupted and corrupting. Nay ; it is the very spirit of the New Testament, which says to tlie endangered, " It is better for thee to enter into life halt or maimed," and to the Unfällen, "Let him that thinketh he standeth take heed lest he fall," and to all of us, " We that are strong ought to bear the infirmities of the weak. I will drink no wine while the world standeth, lest I make my brother to offend." But our Bands of Hope ask even less than this. We would not havo you, like the son of Rechab, bind on the conscience of your child a life loiuj irrevocable vow, or commit them to a choice before they understand the question. We only seek to postpone their decision until they are old enough, and have seen enough of life to make it wisely. Men com- plain of us for teaching them a side too early. Do you not see that they must pro- visionally take one side or other ? And is this too much to ask that the next genera- tion may have a fair chance of grow- ing up more sober than the present, leaching tho years of discretion with a choice still open, desires undrugged and usages unformed, each man free to abstain if ho will without his father and his mother having made it hard to break a habit already contracted, and hung lound his neck the weight of a lifelong compliance, ¡ind even (for so it has often proved) kindled in his breast the files of a consuming appe- tite ? Fathers and mothers ! which of you was ever glad of his children climbing upon his knees without feeling the mystery, and sometimes even the terror of your trust ? Here, in this little creatuie with bright cm Is and laughing eyes, maybe the pro- mise of revolutions or reformations, of words to burn up falsehood or deeds to convulse the world. And it is yours even from the cradle where the baby laughs and croons, and stretches its small plump hands to be taken into your arms, it is yours to weaken or intensify, to mislead or guide, this new ¡uni mysterious force which will go on slowly gathering energy, like an electric cloud, until its time has come. The rare origiual endowments of nerve and brain, which make the genius or the hero, these you cannot give, but if they exist you can too surely ivaste them ; your influence can be the copper wiro to steal away and dissi- pate in the earth the fluid which might have illuminated all our night. It is yours, to a strange and terrible extent, to direct, if you do not squander, the energies of that young creature whoso will, indeed, is free, but whose thoughts, and habits, and ambi- tions you must inspire-shall he be Luther or Loyola, Iscariot or St. John ? Tho time will como for him to make some life- controlling choice, and it may be that a long-forgotten word or glance of yours sh¡dl seciotly turn the trembling scale and prove to have been treason against the hopes of humanity. That is a raro chance, but it is iceitain that you may at any moment commit treason against the eternal future of your own little child. O, my friends, with what study and watchful self-restraint and humble prayer should we mould tho young life of these fair creatures which God entrusts to us, so fresh and beautiful and bright, whom Christ redeemed with His most precious blood, and took them in His holy arms mid said that of such is the Kingdom of God ! To our light bitter world of wrongs Thoy como ; Uod lends thom us uwhllo, Ills voice Is in thoir stammorlng tongues. And His forgiveness in thoir smile. îîor is there any visiting of the sins of the fathers upon the children moro dreadful than this, that in some such little children tho hereditary hist of drink is already en- gendered, mid lies coiled under that fair exterior like a sleeping snake among roses woe to him if it bo awakened ! He has already a hard battle to fight ; for lum there is no safety, no hopo except in lifo long abstinence. And what if somo such predisposition, only fainter in degree, is widely dilluscd in the veins of our intem- perate generation and besotted land. I have said that you must chooso between rear- ing your children ¡is abstainers during their childhood, or as already ¡mil prennituiely imbibera of strong ill ink. And I close by asking you this question-Christian men and women ! which would von choose ? to give your boys and girls tho caul of our membership or tho first glass of wine thoy ever drank, upon which may follow results that you littlo dream, if you could see your Master by your sido (na He surely is), pud hear Him saying (as He does say), take heed that ye offend not one of these littlp ones? 