CHAPTER XIII. Ida Leigh stood in the summer-house alone, with eyes averted, and hands clasped over her ears, as though to impede the sound of Harvey Doyle's voice. It was some seconds before she became aware of his departure. She was for the moment stunned, confounded ; to such an extent had Harvey Doyle's language overpowered her senses, that if she had been asked to repeat it, she could have given only a very vague account of his speech. She knew that he had given utter- ance to horribly irreligious sentiments, inter- mingled with declarations of love for herself, and vile threats of vengeance on some un- named person. She had a vague indefinite com- prehension of the general drift of his address, and that was all. This was the first time Ida had participated in a " scene," and hers was a position in which the most resolute of her sex might have felt disconcerted ; still it must be confessed that she was more than necessarily overcome. No sooner did she discover the ab- sence of Harvey Doyle than she sprang along the garden path as though flying from a pursuer, and entering the drawing-room threw herself upon the ottoman beside her mother. " Good gracious, Ida ! what on earth is the matter ?" exclaimed Mrs. Leigh, starting to a sitting posture. " Was it a snake , or have you been imagining another ghost ? Speak, child." " Oh, mamma, that hateful man ; he said such horrid things." " What man, my dear ; who was it ?" " Why, Mr. Doyle," said Ida, recovering, to some extent her natural composure ; for, as she came to consider the situation more calmly, she saw that there was really no cause for the tragi- cal excitement into which she was thrown. Please don't allow him to come here any more, mamma ; I can never speak to him again." " Oh, Mr. Doyle was it ? Now, Ida, tell me everything he said, and if he has said anything unworthy of a gentleman, he shall be denied this house for ever." " I don't know exactly what he did say, mam- ma. His gestures and looks frightened me be- yond the power of hearing all his words. First of all, he wanted me to promise to be his wife, and when I said ' No,' he flew into a passion, and said such dreadful things. He said that he did not believe in God ; that he did not care if he died ; and that he would cause me hours of sor- row ; but he said a lot of things that I did not hear, I was so terrified." Such was the |succinct and compendious ac- count rendered by Ida of the scene in the sum- mer-house. If Ida had been terrified by Harvey Doyle's conduct, Mr. Leigh, when made conver- sant with the details, was thoroughly enraged. No one had ever before seen the master of Bun- dura at the disadvantage of disturbed serenity ; and when Kate, the housemaid, informed her kitchen friends that " The governor's back was up, and he was going to play ' Old Arry' with sombody," her audience's lower jaws went down and they gazed at her open-mouthed. Anger was an entirely new sensation to Mr. Leigh, and it is just possible that he hardly knew what had come over him. On the following morning he saddled his, horse and rode towards Gumbardna. What he intended to do when he got there it would be hard to conceive, and the chances are that he was not fully decided on that point himself. He knew that his daughter had received an insult, and that he would have an explanation. The sequel would be an after con- sideration, though if the days of chivalry were not of the past, it is likely that pistols at 12 paces would have been the remedy suggested to his mind. On arriving at Gumbardna, Mr. Leigh was rather astonished at the lively aspect of the place. On all previous visits, the dull and sleepy appearance of the homestead had struck his mind forcibly. He had been accustomed to find things in a state of what printers call " pie," a handful of loutish fellows lounging about the outbuild- ings, scarcely making a pretence of occupation ; and a pack of unchained sheep dogs, that sur- rounded every stray visitor, escorting him with a superabundance of barking honours, to the house door. But how different everything was to-day ! Several new hands were at work, actively engaged with repairs and erections, some with nails and hammers diligently restoring the pro- verbial " nine stitches," whilst others, by fire de- stroying unsightly edifices, set about replacing them with new ones. At the yard gate Mr. Leigh was met by a short keen-eyed man, who had evidently been busy with the rest, for his shirt sleeves were rolled up to the elbow. This person introduced himself as Mr. Gill, who had been sent up to take charge of Gumbardna, in the interests of —— banking company. He was most happy to make Mr. Leigh's acquaintance ; would he dismount and take refreshment ? Mr. Leigh accepted the hos- pitality thus offered, and after inspecting the improvements in course of completion, and eulo- gising the general rectification of affairs, he learned from his new acquaintance the following facts concerning Harvey Doyle. Harvey Doyle, he was told, had returned to Gumbardna on the previous evening in a very unsocial humour. " Something must have put him in a very sour temper," said Mr. Gill, "for he was positively uncivil, and refused to converse with any one. He had gone straight to his own room, and having packed up his personal effects, labelled his trunk ' Sydney.' Without even taking a cup of tea, he had remounted his horse, and said, ' Good-bye ; I shall be in Sydney by this time next week ; be good enough to forward my trunk to the address I shall send you.' " After that he rode away ; and Mr. Gill could give no further information on the subject. Some weeks have elapsed since Mr. Leigh's visit to Gumbardna. Harvey Doyle having freed the district of his presence, has been consigned with gratuitous goodwill to oblivion, as far as concerned the Leigh family. The months of April, May, and June are excep- tionally busy ones in store stock markets. The parching summer is over ; the pastoral uncer- tainty that prevails during that season is at an end, and squatters and others engaged in grazing pursuits are then able to guage with a degree of certainty the capabilities of their holdings during the winter months. Those who are short of grass sell stock, and those who have a more than sufficient supply of that commodity buy. Wagga Wagga, the beautiful, the muddy, now becomes the great centre of attraction. Buyers and sellers from every point of the compass assemble in the town, and amongst the former came Mr. Leigh and Percy Loyd. The drought had not yet broken, and stock was ruinously cheap. But Mr. Leigh having con- served his grass during the summer months, was now in a position to enter the market, and buy largely. It was to inspect certain lots of sheep, under offer to him, that he came with Percy to Wagga Wagga. They put up at the Pastoral Hotel, and it was in the morning of the third day after their arrival that Mr. Leigh addressed his companion in the parlour of that house. " I have some business at the bank, which will take me about half-an-hour to complete. If you meet me then at the post-office we will get our letters and look up the ' Long Firm' about the wethers." " Very well, Mr. Leigh . I shall be at the post- office in half-an-hour." After Mr. Leigh's departure, Percy engaged himself for some minutes in the perusal of a local paper, and was in the midst of struggling through a line of misprints when he was inter- rupted by the entrance of a tallish gentleman, who first rushed into the room, and then, seeing it occupied, proceeded to rush out again. Look- ing back, he happened to recognise Percy, and rushed forward once more, " Ah, Mr. Loyd, when did you arrive ? How is my friend, Mr. Leigh ?" " Mr. Leigh is well, Mr. Collison ; he only left this room about 10 minutes since." " Oh, in town, too, is he ? Then I shall be sure to see him. You'll excuse me ; I must hurry up to the Lands Office. There's a fellow going to select on my run. I know his patch ex- actly, and I've ridden 30 miles in less than two hours in order to steal a march on him. I'll block the beggar this time. You don't happen to be going the office way, do you ?" " Yes, I have an appointment with Mr. Leigh up the town, and it's about time for me to start," said Percy, looking at his watch ; and they stepped into the street. " How are you going to stop that man from selecting ?" asked Percy, as they walked along. " Look here," replied the other, showing a roll of papers ; " these are what we call V.L.O.'s, vo- lunteer land orders, you know. We buy them in Sydney, and keep a supply on band. If we think any portion of land is in danger of being selected we pop one of these orders on it, and when the would-be selector arrives at the Lands Office he is informed that his patch is already taken. That's how I'm going to block the fellow I speak of." " How do, sir," he said, nodding to a passer, and when the recognised one had got beyond ear range, Mr. Collison nudged Percy with his elbow. " Do you know who that is ?" " No." " His name is Perquisite, ex-Government offi- cial ; made good use of a short billet ; and retires to squatterdom. Ha, ha, good-day, Loyd ;" and with one foot on the Lands Office doorstep Mr. Collison nodded his adieux to his companion. A mailcoach had just arrived, and a crowd of people were hurrying to and from the Post-office as Percy bent his steps in that direction. Ac- cording to the dictates of Percy's watch, he had forestalled his appointment by some minutes, and when he glanced upwards at the conspicuous town clock, with the intention of rectifying his own chronometer thereby, a puzzled expression grew upon his face. The small hand pointed directly to half-past 10 ; the big hand indicated a-quarter past, whilst with overbearing audacity the internal tolling organ loudly declared the hour to be 1. And then that clock ticked on with the utmost complacency. Now this sort of thing is highly perplexing to a new chum. That clock evidently required to be understood before being consulted. One might attempt to excuse the inconsistency of the indi- cators on the score that gazing so long on the sanctity of its surroundings its clockship had become scriptural, that it let not its right hand know what its left hand did ; but then, that lying tongue upsets the argument. For its emblematic virtues the clock is well placed, and there is recognisable in its direction to Wagga Wagga the hand of an allwise Providence. It was not long before Mr. Leigh made his ap- pearance, and the result of an inquiry at the delivery-window was one telegram. Opening this, Mr. Leigh read it at once, and his face im- mediately assumed a very grave expression. " Nothing wrong at Bundura, I hope ?" asked Percy, for he saw by the anxious expression of his companion that the contents of the telegram were not satisfactory. " No, everything is right at Bundura, but, nevertheless, we shall have to get back at once. Read that." Percy took the telegram, his mind being filled with numerous and puzzling surmises. What could possibly occur apart from Bundura to cause Mr. Leigh so much anxiety. He read the telegram, and the best way of explaining the contents to the reader will be to insert a copy. " Gundai 18— " Mr. Leigh, Wagga Wagga. " Bushrangers stuck up Bunyeep at 1 o'clock this morning. No violence. Come quickly. "C. Leigh." Here was truly cause for dismay. It would have been the reverse of pleasant at any time and under any circumstances to know that bush- rangers were in the vicinity of his home, and Mr. Leigh felt doubly anxious now that he and Percy were both absent. Mrs. Leigh would be sure to have the place well guarded by the menservants, and the police would be gathered in the neigh- bourhood with all speed, but though these facts assured his mind to a degree, Mr. Leigh felt very uneasy, and proposed an immediate start. It was out of the question to wait for the coach, which did not start till the following morning, and a buggy and pair were procured for the journey. They arrived at Bundura on the fol- owing day, finding everything all right, the bushrangers having kept themselves dark after the robbery of Bunyeep. And now commenced a period of painful sus- pense and constant apprehension, which all iso- lated families within a radius of 100 miles of Bundura justly regarded as a reign of terror. The outrage at Bunyeep, which consisted in the bailingup of the Chisholm family and the rob- bery under arms of all money and valuables which the place contained, proved but the first of a series of depredations in all parts of the sur- rounding country. It was no uncommon thing for two places distant from each other 10 miles to be stuck up and ransacked within the space of 24 hours. Notwithstanding that the district was literally alive with police, the movements of the bushrangers were conducted with a secrecy, and their tactics displayed a keen perception, which rendered futile every attempt to capture them. Sufficient information had been gleaned from various individuals who had come in con- tact with the marauders to establish the fact, that the gang was identical with the one which some time previous had infested the country under the leadership of " Red Cap." During a skirmish with a party of police, Red Cap with one of his followers had been shot dead ; and since that time, though large rewards had been offered, no information respecting the survivors had been obtained. It was generally supposed that they had disbanded, and had either con- trived to leave the colonies or had retreated into the far back interior. Their actual refuge, as the reader has doubtless concluded, was dis- covered by Harvey Doyle, on the night when he descended " Devil's Hole." Yes, for two years this band of desperadoes had concealed themselves amongst the gullies of the Hardens. It seems almost incredible that a band of five men should find hills and gullies sufficient protection against a force of police some hundreds strong ; but unity is strength, and five men with a fixed and unanimous purpose are better adapted to achieve success than one thou sand badly organised and under loose discipline. If the captains of an army are at variance with their general, taking no pains to hide their feel- ings from their subordinates, making no effort to dexterously execute that general's manœuvres, of what military achievements is that army capable ? None. A divided house must fall. If then the baneful influence of dissension is so fatal to good results upon a field of battle, where men, spurred on by the heroism of the moment, will ofttimes fight for valour's sake alone, how doubly hurtful must this influence be when it permeates the ranks of the police in their hum- drum guerilla warfare. They have no such dis- cipline as " death to deserters" to force them onward ; they have no well-trained bands stirring their souls with warlike music to deeds of daring heroism ; none of the glamour of chivalry which makes cowards brave amidst the roar of cannon ; their sense of duty, and that alone, must be their incitement. It is the legal obligation of a policeman to risk his life in the prosecution of his duty ; but the instinct of self-preservation is strong in us all, whilst but few can boast of duteous exactitude. In these two words, "union and disunion," we have a clue to one of the chief causes of the success of the bushrangers, and the complete, almost ridiculous, failure of the police. As before intimated, the bushrangers had commenced their career of crime some 18 months previous to the opening of our story, and at the outset of what might be called the campaign large bodies of police had been despatched under suitable officers to surround the outlaws in the Harden mountains. With commendable zeal and a unity of purpose, a continuance of which would have been fatal to the outlaws, this movement was accomplished. Unfortunately the next step was on a false track. A misinformed official conceived a plan of attack upon a very strong position where he supposed the bush- rangers to he ensconced. Certain bodies of police were concentrated upon this almost impregnable position. The assault was made with unerring judgment, and no resistance being offered, the rocky fortress was taken. Alas ! what a mourn- ful victory. With what solemnity and silent awe ; with what becoming modesty did that gallant band survey the spectacle of ruin which their arms had wrought. They turned away, none speaking ; and aa they descended the hard won hillside the bullet-riddled pines and shat- tered oak limbs, laughed with grim sarcasm ; they had stormed an untenanted stockade. The whole country injudiciously laughed, and, as a natural consequence, the force felt small ; but, instead of setting to work with a will to retrieve their tarnished laurels, the under officers freely canvassed the action of their superiors, openly blaming them, and stigmatising them as totally unfit for command. The dissatisfaction thus displayed by the inferior officers spread among the ranks. Utter carelessness soon followed. Whilst petulant altercations and bickerings were indulged in by the officers, those under them gave themselves up to such selfish ease as their nomadic life afforded, and the upshot was that the bushrangers preserved themselves and their fredom intact up to the time of which I now write, when, under a new leader, they once more commenced their depredations. Touching the identity of this new leader, nothing certain had as yet been learned, but the descriptions given of his figure by the Chisholms (he wore a black mask and his face could not be seen) was such as to give rise to the belief that his name was "Bold," a notorious ruffian, who had been lately released from Pentridge. Bold had served a long sentence at the just-named criminal depot, during which time he had never failed an opportunity to make himself obnoxious to his keepers ; and his last words on leaving the scene of what he termed his martyrdom had been of a character to create the belief that his career as a criminal was not yet ended. Such was the state of affairs some three weeks after the return of Mr. Leigh and Percy to Bun- dura ; and the four succeeding months were marked by very few changes in the situation. A series of outrages on the part of the bush- rangers, and a series of failures on the part of the police, were the only, events of interest occur- ring during that time ; and as Bundura was not molested by the gang, it may not be necessary to apologise to the reader if those four month are passed over in silence. (TO BE CONTINUED. ) Tho rain of Friday and Saturday gavo another inch and a-half to tho Botany water dams. This moans HÍX weeks moro supply for tho public A short timo since a person namod Dunn was Chargen by tho polioa at Hay with soiling liquor without hoing duly licensed so to do. Ins toad of the Lioonsing Bonch dealing with the ca^o as provided by tho new Act of 1882, the ordinary Court'of Petty Sossions tuliudicatod upon it, and finod Dunn ¿£50, Dunn thought anappoalto tho Supremo Court would bo chaaper than stumping up ¿£50, and so it turnod out, a3 tho Supremo Court sitting iii Banco quashod tho conviction, but without costs, being of opinion that although tho appollaut had dono right in ap pealing, ho had dono wrong in soiling tho liquor. Mr. A. ll. Inglis, president of the Bongal Chambor of Commerce and mombor of tho Viceroy's council, win a passongor by tho Hydaspas, and arrivod in Sydney on Saturday. Mr. lugrlis is a mombor of tho great mercantile lirm of Bogg, Dunlop, and Co., of Calcutta, and his visit to tho Australian colonies is undertaken with tho objoct of promoting trade bo twoen this part of tho world and India. Ho will probably make a stay of throo or four months in tho colonios. Mr. Inglis is a brothor of Mr. Jamos Inglis, of this city, lato commissioner for India at tho Mel bourn© Exhibition. A drawing for prizos. undor tho auspices of tho Grand Lodgo of tho Unttod Ancionb Order of Druids of Victoria, in oonneotion with their annual gala, rocontly took placo. Amongst the numerous prizes offored was a neat cottago resideneo in a suburb closo to Melbourne, valued at somo ¿C300. the fortunato winnor being Brothor Young, of tho Iceni " Lodgo, Goulburn, ono of tho lodges of tho ordor in the Southern district of this colony. Tho othor tiokot holders, whoso numbors turnod up prises, wero re sidents of Viotoria. Tho above adds another proof of the gonuinenes3 of prises offered annually to tho public by the Druids. Notwithstanding the froquont acoidonts that havo ocourrod on tho railway lines of this colony through porson.i trespassing thereon, thoy ovidontly do not appear to havo tho offoct of lossoning tho practico. When livos aro lost, pooplo scorn to roaliso tho dangor. It howovor, soon fades from romombranco, and tho practico bocomos as provalontas over. On Thursday afternoon tho livos of two gontlomon woro imporillod in this way, through crossing tho lino near tho Eve leigh platform. It sooms that a train had just passol, and expecting no other for somo timo, thoy carelessly loitorod across, and in fact stood for some timo con versing in tho centro of tho lino, with their backs to tho direction in which a train was approaching. A boy, sitting on tho embankment somo lit'lo distnnco aw.iy, called out to warn thom of tho dangor. No attontion being paid, tho boy, with commendable prosonoo of mind, throw a stone with such well diroctod aim that it hit ono on tho lo?, causing him to turn round. Ho thou porcoivod tho dangor, and with a hurried exclamation to his companion, they 'both ran ovor tho ombankmont. Tho train was then only about twonty yards away. After it had pàssod tho boy, who undoubtedly saved their'lives, was re warded with tho munificent sum of ono ' shilling. It ia hoped in futuro tho authorities will, whon ablo, strictly enforoo tho regulation doaling with porsons trespassing on tho railway linos. 