KIT: A MEMORY -BY JAMAIS PAYN, AUTHOR OF " LOST SIR MASSIKGBERD, " BY PROXY," " HIGH SPIRITS," " UNDER ONE HOOF," "A GRAPE FROM A THORN,' CHAPTER XI. LUCY DEEDS. MAUD rose and moved to the closed window, through which she affected to look out; but of wood and river and crag, and even of the roses that climbed about the casement, she saw nothing; she was picturing to herself a humble but faithful friend about to suffer an unjust humiliation. Mrs. Medway kept her Beat; but her fingers played nervously upon the table, and her usually serene and placid face showed great emotion. For a woman Bhe had an exceptionally strong sense of justice; but mingled with it there was all the indignation of a woman, which, when the wrong-doing affects her nearly, no more respects its proper channel than a stream that has burst its banks. She was unconsciouBly regarding Trenna with great disfavour. " Will you speak to Lucy, or shall I?" she inquired coldly. " Oh, not I—not I," cried Trenna, with a quick gesture of alarm. '' Why need anybody speak ? Why need she ever know V " Because I will have no underhand doings here," answered Mrs. Medway. It was a very cruel speech, and one she would have never uttered in cold blood. Every one knew that matters at the Grey House were not as they Bhould be ; that its master was a difficult one to manage ; and that it required a great deal of diplomacy on hiB daughter's part to keep things straight between him and his son. Trenna flushed to her forehead, but said nothing; the next moment she turned as white as though a ghost, instead of Lucy Deeds, was standing before her. "If you please, ma'am, did you ring?' said Lucy, addressing her mistresB. A bright little creature she waB, with one of those honest smiles which is the index of a wholesome nature ; her eyes, lively rather than intelligent, were wont to assume a look of earnest gravity—which was, in fact, one of distress and puzzlement—at the slightest kink in the cable of life. " Have you any objection to show Miss Trenna here the contents of your purse ?" " My purse!" Astonishment could no further go than was expressed in Lucy's countenance; she even forgot to say " ma'am." The next moment, however, with a bright blush and some little awkwardness she made a dive into her pocket. " There's a ring in it, Miss ; but it's only one I bought last feast time at Mogadion for luck," she explained, growing redder than ever, "and a dried flower from the Druid Stone, which I once heard Mr. Penryn say was good for fits; and a fourpenny piece with a hole through it, and that's all. It is but a poor thing, you see, not a bit like the one Miss Maud gave me—•" "That is the one Miss Trenna wants to look at," interrupted Mrs. Medway ; "the one that holds your savings." "I am sure she's welcome, ma'am," BaidLucy, but a little stiffly, and with a glance at her young mistress which expressed leBS satisfaction than surprise. " More than half of what it holds comes from her own house ; for Abel is the best of brothers, and never puts by a shilling but what he eives me a sixpence of it." Here there was a significant silence broken only by a little moan from Trenna. Mrs. Medway, who had intended to have left her to pursue the rest of the inquiry, relented at this. " We ate curious to see what you have saved Lucy, and how many bank-notes you have got." " Lor, ma'am, I've only got one. Abel gave it me, not a week ago, out of his last wages. And there's seven pounds in gold besides, is there not, Miss Maud?—and three of tliem were his, God bless him—and fourteen shillings in silver." " There must be no false pretence here," Baid Maud, turning suddenly round. "There has something happened at the Grey House, Lucy; some bank-notes are missing; and though we know folks (as in this case) to be as honest as the day, it is necessary when such things happen to make the fullest investigation. Mr. Garston has sent Misa Trenna, for satisfaction's sake, to compare the numbers of the notes." " Lor' bless ye, MisB," said Lucy, her eyes growing very large and frightened, and filling with tears Bhe knew not why, " I've only got one note." Her simplicity went to her young mistress's heart. " If there were fifty, Lucy, I would swear they are honestly come by." " Honestly ? Why, Mr. Garston don't think I stole it, do 'ee ?" inquired the girl, with a flush of indignation. " It's difficult enough they say to pick up a mossel of bread and cheese at the Grey House, much more bank-noteB." " Lucy, Lucy," said Mrs. Medway, gently. " I aBk your pardon, ma'am," said Lucy, breathing hard, " and likewise Miss Maud's." "And I ask yours," said Trenna, humbly. " Do not suppose, Lucy, that I can believe anything ill of you or yours. I am ashamed of myself, though it is no fault of mine, to have come on such an errand." Lucy felt that she had been in the wrong to have thrown out that hint concerning the want of hospitality in Mr. Garston's servants'-hall; but she was quite unequal to frame an apology. The scantiness'of her vocabulary, which lieB attberoot, by the bye, of the strong expressions used by the lower classes, and which we are apt to attribute to a love of coarseness, forbade it; but she expressed her penitence in tears. " Come, Lucy," said Maud, "no one but yourself shall touch your money ; let us see it." Lucy opened a drawer in Maud's deBk, and took out the handsome morocco purse which her young mistress had given her by way of strong box, and displayed its contents ; the little hoard of years contributed by love and toil. "This is the bank-note, Miss Trenna, that my brother gave me last week." But Trenna shook her head in sign that she would not touch it. Her limbs shook too, and her face was ghastly pale. Maud took out the note, and unfolded it. "I call you all to witness," Bhe Baid, "that the number ia 2SS82, you will remember it by the three eights and the two two's —but you had better write it down. What is the matter ? Good Heavens! I had forgotten the Blip." Trenna was staring at the paper with its rows of figures as though a viper had curled itself round her fingers ; Maud, who leant over her shoulder, was staring at it too with incredulity and horror mingled in her countenance. " Is it there ? inquired Mrs. Medway, with a silent movement of her lips. " It is there," was her daughter's dumb reply. There was a painful silence, broken only by a rosebud without tapping importunately against the pane. " I don't understand it, Miss Maud," exclaimed Lucy, pitifully. " Is there anything wrong with Abel's note ?" She looked from one to the other in distressed amazement; their Bilence had not the eloquence which it would have had for any one of trained intelligence. "It is not, it surely isn't—one of those that has been stolen ?" "It ia one of those that are missing," said Maud, gently. " But the list may not be correct; in any caBe we are all quite certain that Abel has done nothing wrong what are you doing Lucy ?" The girl had suddenly emptied the contents of the purse upon the table. " Please to throw it all away, Miss, or give it to some rich person as doesn't want it. It's that way as all poor people's money onght to go. They has no business to make it, nor to spend it, nor to keep it. They was born to work and not to save; and when they has been worked out there is the workhouse for them. I've had pleasure, I own it, in putting this little money together, for I thought it might be useful to mother in her old age, or perhaps to Abel hisself if he fell ill and was out of place—but I see now it was all wrong, and worse than useless." " Oh Lucy, Lucy, do not be so bitter," cried Maud imploringly. "You have cut poor Miss Trenna, you Bee," who indeed was LUCY, LUCY DEAR,'' SAID JIAUD GENTLY, AND WITH HER ARM STEALING ROUND THE POOR GIRLS WAIST, " YOU ARE DISTRESSING US ALL WITHOUT CAUSE."—Chap. XI. Bobbing and trembling like a chidden child—" to the very heart." " Miss Trenna is a young lady," continued Lucy coldly, "and ought to know better than to make herself miserable about poor people. If it was her brother now aB was accused of a misdeed —not a mere trifle such as breaking a poor girl's heart, but of something agin the law—she would know where to go for help and advice. Them as makeB the law, or lives by it, would hold him harmless. But for such as Abel, as iB as free from blame as any here, who shall prove it? God help him—God help hiB poor mother." She hid her face in her rough honest hands and burst into tears. "Lucy, Lucy dear," said Maud gently, and with her arm Btealing round the poor girl's waist, " you are distressing us all without cause. Abel, you say, is as innocent of thiB crime, if a crime indeed haB been committed, as mamma or I. But you make a great mistake in supposing that he is without friendB. However ill matters may look for him they will not look ill in our eyes ; and we shall stand by him. If the worst comes to the worst—I mean if there should be a trial—mamma will see he haa the beBt of counsel. If I thought otherwise, I have money of my own which could never be spent in a better cause. I am not one to deBert old friends." "Lucy knowB that, don't you, Lucy?" said Mrs. Medway cheerfully. " Why, if there was neither Miss Maud nor I to do it, my son Mark would see Abel righted." "God bless him, God bless Mr. Mark," sobbed Lucy. "I was wrong to say the poor had no friends." "Moreover," continued Mrs. Medway, "youmuBtremember that Abel has no enemieB. Mr. Garston is only seeking his own, and accuses nobody. And as for Mr. Christopher and Miss Trenna, I am sure no one will be more pleased than they when tbe day comeB, as it will come, which shall clear up this unfortunate matter." The speaker looked at Trenna as if expecting her to Bay something on her own account; but she looked in vain. Trenna had risen from her Beat and taken Maud's vacated place at the window, where she stood with her back to the others. I don't want any one but them as knows him and believes in him to take Abel's part," said Lucy Bturdily. " If you please, ina'am, I must go to Mogadion and see mother." "Dear me, but is that necessary?" inquired Mrs. Medway in hesitating tones; " I mean that your mother Bhould be told. What do you say, Trenna ?" Trenna, thus appealed to, turned a pale pained face towards her hostess, and answered in a sad laborious way, that would have been mechanical but for its weariness and distress, " I fear so; it can be but amatter of time. Rachael must know it sooner <>r later." But Lucy, holding herapron to her eyes with both her hands, like blank despair, had already found her way to the door. CHAPTER XII. "I MEAN TO HAVE JUSTICE." In the country, politics, except at election times, and public matters generally, do not much move men's minds ; literature attracts but Blight attention, and science leas : but, on the other hand, local affairs create an excitement which to the dwellers in town is inconceivable. If an inhabitant of Soho is murdered, and afterwards cut in pieces for the convenience of secret interment, the circumstance affects Bayswater no more than if it had happened in Liverpool; whereas, in country places, the effect of all incidents depends on nearneBs, like the shock of a clap of thunder. In Mogadion, where there were no murders, and no one had been cut up since the days of the Druids, the rumour of a theft of £200 was certain to make a great noise. The Med ways foresaw this, and were very willing that Lucy should betake herself to Dr. Mead's, lest the news in Bome sort of connexion with Abel should reach his mother's ears by another channel. Mark himself, whose kindness of heart the girl iiad not exaggerated when she had called him the friend of the poor, insisted on driving her over to Mogadion. She would thereby reach her destination more quickly than on foot, while the fact of her being in his company would show how the family at The Knoll sympathised with her and hers. It did not strike him that ]t might also place him in a position of apparent antagonism to Abel's prosecutor, for such, when the story of the bank noteB came to be told, Mr. Garston would certainly become. Indeed, in his simplicity and tenderneBS, he took it for granted that Mr. Garston, like everybody else, would be distressed to the last degree by the recent discovery, and be hiefly conoerned with the problem of how to account for it consistently with Abel's innocence. " I shall drop Lucy at The Dovecote, and go straight to Kit at once," he said to Trenna, who with Mrs. Medway and Maud had come to the front door, aB their manner was on the occasion of all domestic exoduses, to see him off. Trenna did not reply in words, but a sorrowful nod and a grateful Bmile acknowledged his forethought. Next to Lucy, indeed, Mark pitied Kit, whom he knew the news he brought with him would place in an embarrassing position. Old Garston was hard to hold where any question of gain was concerned; he strained in the leash after his six andeightpences, BO that his feelings on the occasion of such a loss as the present could be probably only paralleled by the sentiments of the tigress robbed of her young. It was a great relief to Mark that when he dropped Lucy at Dr. Meade's, according to promise, neither the Doctor nor Frank was visible, and especially that old Rachael did not make her appearance in the little garden. His mind misgave him that their indignation at what had happened would not be confined to the master of the Grey House, but would extend to all its inmates, however innocent; and, until he had Been Kit, and heard what he had to say, it would be difficult to defend him. Trenna's mention of Lucy's savings, which to an outsider, and considering its result, would have seemed very sagacious and conducive to the ends of justice, would in the eyes of Abel's friends appear most unfortunate, not to Bay mischievous; for the finding of the note would not shake their faith in the lad one whit, aB Mark could well understand, since it did not Bhake his own. Indeed, when Abel himself answered his ring at the Grey House gate, and, with simple freedom, inquired after the health of the ladieB at The Knoll, he could hardly refrain from taking his hand and assuring him of hiB unshaken faith in his integrity. A more faithful, honeBt creature than Abel Deeds it was difficult to imagine. He had not the personal attractions of his ] sister, nor the rugged intelligence of old Rachael; bnt he had a smile, the dryness of which bespoke him no fool, and a kindliness of expression, which is the beBt substitute for comelineBB, whether in man or woman. "Master waB in," he said; " and he believed Mr. Ghristopher was with him in the parlour." This was a small and not very comfortable apartment, but preferred by the lawyer to either drawingroom or diningroom, and which, in consequence of its being used for the reception of his clients, waB known as the "cobweb." The walls were ornamented with a ground plan of the Grey Honse (including a particular sketch of the drainage) and a picture of the sloop Alicante in the act of going to pieces on Penarvon Point. The late Mr. Garston and his little boy had been cast ashore from her; "providentially saved" said the written record beneath the drawing, though, as to that, opinion was divided; and finding Mogadion to his liking, had established himself there in what capacity it was never quite understood. Though beginning with nothing but the clothes he stood in—and not much of them—he was supposed to have made a livelihood by money-lending, and it was certain that he had left something behind him which had prospered considerably in hiB son's hands. The present owner of the Grey House had married a native of Mogadion with a small fortune of her own, and that most admirable complement of it, no relations ; but she had died in giving birth to Christopher, and her decease severed the only tie that bound her husband to his neighbours, with whom he had never succeeded in assimilating himself. Though he had no prejudices of his own to stand in the way of Bocial succesB, with no class or creed was Mr. Garston popular; and in the domestic disputes which occasionally arose between him and his children, or rather between him and hiB son (on whoBe side Trenna never failed to enlist herBelf), the public feeling was always in favour of the juniors ; a state of things which had been of no small advantage to Christopher, of whom it was said, whenever he committed any peccadillo, Who can wonder at it, poor lad, with such a father ?" 11 It may easily be imagined, therefore, with what feelings Mark Medway, Kit's sworn friend, regarded the alien attorney, who had certainly never appeared to him in a less favourable light than on the present occasion. His face, as it strove in vain to frame a smile of welcome, was distorted with BuppreBBed passion ; his dusky cheeks were of that livid hue which an old scar assumes when Btruck with the hand; and his beady eyes wore a sullen glow like a furnace that has recently been " banked up." He came forward with outstretched hand, while Kit stood behind him, smiling cynically, as though to assure the visitor that all the parental wrath of which he might be the witness was a matter of small moment, and especially a thing in which he himself bad no share. "Well—well—what news do you bring from The Knoll?" was the attorney's impatient greeting. " My mother and 'sister are quite well" (the attorney's eyes flashed out a look of contemptuous scorn ; it was evidently with an effort he restrained himself from an ebullition of temper); " but they are naturally much distressed at what has happened." " And what has happened ? Come to tbe point, sir. I suppose they are not in distress for my sake. It is not they who have lost £200." " Nevertheless, Mr. GarBton, I hope you will believe that they are sorry you have lost it. What, however, of course pains them most is, that any suspicion should attach to your Abel, our Lucy's brother." "No suspicion does attach to him," put in Christopher "Every one knowB " " Hold your tongue, sir," broke in the attorney. " Let Mr, Medway tell his story." The vulgarity of the man's nature did not permit him to perceive that he waB calling Mark Mr. Medway, because somebody (though presumably not Mark) had stolen his money; but Christopher's face not only indicated that he perceived it, but was full of distressed apology. " My Btory is very short, Mr. GarBton, and, I am Borry to say, not wholly satisfactory," hesitated Mark. "That Bome unfortunate mistake lies at the bottom of this affair, we feel assured, but the fact is that the bank-note in Lucy's purse, of which Trenna spoke to you, is identical " " I am glad to hear it. I am most Bincerely glad to hear it," interrupted Mr. GarBton. The unexpectedness of the exclamation, and still more, a certain tone of relief in which it was uttered, fairly took Mark's breath away. He was dumb. The astonishment in his face, however, could hardly escape the attorney's notice, " You are surprised that I am glad," he said, in a manner that by comparison with his late behaviour was almost didactic; " yet surely it is better to have detected the real culprit than to suspect innocent people." " But Abel is no culprit, Mr. Garston, of that I am quite convinced," answered Mark, quickly. " Conviction is matter for a jury," replied the other, in the Bame grave tones, but mingled with a touch of Bcorn. " If Lucy Deeds received a note from her brother Abel, which was Btolen from my desk, Abel Deeds will have to account for its possession, and I must confess, as a lawyer, it strikes me there is some prima, facie evidence against him—I presume, by the bye, the purae was opened in presence of witnesses," he broke off, " and that the number of the note was taken down in writing." I believe—I am not Bure," returned Mark, reluctantly. " Now, my good young sir, I hope there is to be no attempt on the pftrt of your folkB at home to shield this young man," put in the attorney, with Budden vehemence. I allow no claims of friendship nor acquaintanceship where justice has to be done." "My mother knows her duty, sir," said Mark, gravely. " No doubt—no doubt—and I hope she is prepared to do it. It ia very easy to be tender-hearted and sympathetic, and all the rest of it, in theae cases, when one ia not the actual Bufferer. But I mean to have my money back out of somebody, I can tell you." Mr. Garston waB known beforehand to be a Tartar, BO that there was no occasion to scratch him—but now that he was scratched he was certainly exhibiting the characteristics of hiB native race in great perfection. " If it is merely the money, sir, sooner than see an innocent person humbled and an honeBt family disgraced, I will myBelf be the ' somebody' out of whom you ahallhaveit," Baid Mark, hotly. "Eh, what—pooh, pooh—you haven't got it," said theattorney, incredulously J " no—no, I mean to have justice. If I can't get the notes the thief shall pay for them out of bis Bkin." "I have not the least objection to that, Mr. Garston, but I will take care that it is not Abel's skin, who ia as honeBt a man as "—he was about to say " yourself "—but in his indignation he thought that parallel inBuffl cient—-so ended with "aa Kit yonder." " Upon my word," said Kit, thua indirectly appealed to, " I think yon are going much too fast, father," " That iB what you have been doing, sir, these last three years." returned theattorney, epigrammatically. "But that is not my way. Do you Buppose I don't know my own business ? Here's one of my own notes found in the pursfe of my groom's sister, and admitted to have been given to her by the man himself. However, I am wasting words, and Mr. Penryn, who is the nearest magistrate, will soon settle that matter." " Good Heavens, Mr. Garston, you don't think of taking out a warrant, surely?" exclaimed Mark, with agitation. "Don't I? In four-and-twenty hours I'll have that scoundrel in gaol;" and with that the attorney marched out of the room, Blamming the door behind him. The next moment, and while Mark still stood in shocked amazement staring at his friend, he heard the attorney calling Abel! Abel!" (as though he waa the most faithful of retainers) " saddle the mare." " But Mr. Penryn will have to grant the warrant?" "Upon the governor's word? Not if I know him. He must have a sworn information, and there muet be a journey to The Knoll for that." " Will my poor mother have to give it him ?" "Perhaps. But not in a hurry, you may be certain. Moreover, she may find arguments of her own to move the prosecutor. Wait and see how things turn out. And in the meantime let us have a word with Abel." But on going into the stable-yard they found it vacant. The attorney, not without several ejaculations, which before a justice of the peace would have cost him 5s. apiece, had had to saddln the mare himself. Abel Deeds, who from hia silence and alacrity Kit had christened " Deeds not words," had justified hia title. He had taken himself off. CHAPTER XIII. KIT HAS A BAD QUARTEB OF AN HOUR. The telephone is, no doubt, a modern institution, but in country districts something of the kind (or else it's magic) has been in vogue for centuries. Local news (for an event like the battle of Waterloo or other world-cataclyBm often escapes notice) flies like wild fire, and (from decomposition or other cause which prevents its keeping) especially bad newB. Unlike telegraphic communications, however, instead of the tidings being confined to the Bender and receiver, it oozes out in the course of transit; the rushes murmur it, the fir-trees whisper it; and every one knowB that the parson has kissed the squire's wife before (like the wicked woman in the Scriptures) she has wiped her lips as if nothing had happened. Tbe messenger whom Rachael Deeds had despatched to the Grey House for her Bon (which was the cause of hia absence) might have been another Malise, and borne the Fiery Cross, or been " Rumour full of tongues," in BO far as dissemination of his tidings was concerned; and such tidings ! It is here that the local telephone outvies all the inventions of Bcience; it has a perfervid imagination, and, as waa observed of Mr. Oliver Goldsmith, " improves whatever it touches." It is for only a very few yards that the echo of the parson's kiss is heard; but beyond the immediate neighbourhood of the rectory, or wherever it happened, it expands into a divorce case; and before the bounds of the parish are reached, the guilty pair have fled the country. As Mark and Kit walked down together, through the town, they were Btared at—especially Kit—aa though they had risen from the dead. It was not true, then, said the gossips one to another, that Abel Deeds had murdered everybody at the Grey House, but only the old man. However, even that was something, " though Master Christopher did seem to take it moBt uncommon cool." And " if Mr. Garston was really dead, what a thing it would be for Mr. Tennant;" who was the other Mogadion attorney. Unconscious of the disappointment they thus inflicted on the public mind, the two young men repaired to The Dovecot. Kit himself had proposed it, and Mark was delighted at the suggestion, Bince the presence of his friend, under such circumstances, beneath the Doctor's roof, would show that Kit for his part had no suspicion of Abel. Mark knew that he had none, but he was solicitous that Frank and the reBt Bhould be convinced that Mr. Garston and Mr. Garaton's son were not at one in this matter. Quick as Kit had been in taking this etep, it seemed, to judge by the Doctor's face, who received them at hiB own door, that he had been none too soon in doing BO. " Before crossing my threshold, Mr. Christopher," he Baid, gravely, " I must put the Bame question that was addressed to young Lochinvar, ' Do you come here for peace or for war ?"' " For peace, Dr. Meade, I do assure you," was the young man's earnest reply; "lam as convinced therehaa been some unfortunate mistake about Abel Deeds in thia matter as you youraelf can be." " As to the ' unfortunate mistake,'" returned the Doctor, grimly, " I will only say at present, that when this poor fellow's innocence shall have been established, the misfortune, as well as the miatake, will be Mr. Garaton's. The reputation of honest folkB ia not to be taken away with impunity because other folka mislay their money." The antithesis between "honest folks" and "other folks" was only too obvious, but Christopher GarBton passed it over with a Bmile. "Iam afraid it ia true, sir, that my father has lost his temper, aB well as his money, but that is no reason why we Bhould follow hiB example. For the moment he is a good deal put out—for £200 is a large sum to miss from one's desk—but I am not aware that he has done anything actionable." "Actionable!" repeated the Doctor, Bcomfully. "I am not speaking of the law, but of common juBtice and good feeling." " I beg your pardon. I thought you were hinting, when you said ' with impunity,' at an action for libel." " Tat, tut," said the Doctor, growing very red ; " I don't bark till I can bite, I do assure you.—Well, Frank, how is she?" "Oh, she's all right for the present," said Frank, who now entered the room. " You have done our poor Rachael a bad turn this morning, Gars ton." He did not offer his hand to Kit, but regarded him with cold disfavour. "Upon my word," cried Mark, "you are both treating Kit exceedingly ill. He is not responsible for his father's action in any way, and regrets it as much as you do." " A great deal more," put in Kit quietly ; "inasmuch as I am to blame in the matter. I did remind Trenna of the purse with Lucy's savings in it, because I knew my father would sooner or later come to hear of it; and I wished Abel to be exonerated at once. Unfortunately, as I understand, one of the miBsing notes has been found in it. No doubt that fact can be explained; but, in the meantime, is it altogether unreasonable that my father should wish to make some inquiry as to how it came there ? He has gone to The Knoll to do it, and that—so far as I am aware— is the extent of his offence up to this date." The young man's tone and manner was the perfection of quiet remonstrance, while his logic was incontrovertible. The Doctor looked at his son with some dismay. " Upon my word, Frank," the look seemed to say, " I am afraid I have been going a little too far." " If you had seen our poor Rachael, Garston, as I have seen her," observed Frank Btiflly and with a manner that spoke of enforced apology, "you would make allowance for any warmth my father may have exhibited." " Fray don't speak of that," said Kit. 11 His indignation, to my mind, only did him honour. At the same time, yon must allow that the circumstances are Buch as to excuse some suspicion. The notes are certainly misBing " " Missing, that they may be, Mr. Christopher Oarston; but them as can hide can find." At the door of the parlour, which was open, stood Rachael Deeds. Her face was white with rage, white even by contrast with her white hair, which, instead of its ordinary neatneBB, hang over it ragged and dishevelled. " My good Rachael," said Kit, with one of his pleasant Bmiles, " you can't suppose my father is a magpie." His raillery was ill-timed but not ill-placcd, if, indeed, his object was to Btem the tide of the old woman's indignation. The lower orders in the south have little or no humour, and the introduction of it in serious matters is unintelligible to them. She stood Btaring at him fiercely, hut with a dazed expression, which changed into one of trust and affection as she turned to her young master. "Mr. Frank," ahe said, " you tell him what we think; this gentleman iB too clever for a poor old woman, aa ^e has proved himself to be for many a young one." IE Christopher Garston had been in doubt of his being on hostile soil, this speech would have opened hiB eyes very effectually. It waB one of those unfortunate utterances—such as children often uBe to our embarrassment and dismay—which betray whole volumes which ought to be under lock and key. "If 'Mr. Frank' will tell you how this matter really Btands," said Kit, with the red in his cheek and Bcorn in hia tone, '' instead of favouring me with his or your opinion upon me or mine, he will be doing you a service." Thus appealed to, and without taking notice of an accusation which he would perhapB have had aome difficulty in explaining away, Frank stated the facts exactly as they had occurred. " It is but fair to Bay, Rachael," he added with an effort that evidently cost him something, "that Mr. Christopher Garston has expressed his regret that any suspicion should have fallen upon your son, whom he believes to be wholly blameless in thismatter." "Believes? You need not tell me that," exclaimed the old woman bitterly; "and his father knows it too. Folks needn't be honest people themselves to know when other people is honeBt. Abel—come here, Abel." Abel appeared, flushed and downcast, the very picture of guilt to the eyeB that only use the borrowed glasses of convention and routine. HiB broad good-natured face was bedewed with apprehension of he knew not what, like an ox at the first sight of the poleaxe. " Abel, speak out, and for thy mother's sake tell how yon came by that note aa was found in Lucy's purse. My son ain't clever like aome folks," added Rachael with a glance at Christopher, " but he's pure." And indeed if "pure" means "simple," with which word it is often conjoined, Abel was a very lily of the valley. "MaBter gave it to me hisself," said Abel. " It was part of my quarter's wages, and the best on it too, I promise you." " Then the whole affair lies in a nutshell," observed Mark, cheerfully. " Mr. Garston being a man of business takes the numbers of hia notes and " There he stopped, perceiving that hia remark had been an unfortunate one. For the moment he had forgotten that the lost note had been identified, and that it might be the object of the defence to show that Mr. Garston had not made a memorandum of the number at the time he received it, but had trusted to hia memory, which had failed him. "There was ten shillings in silver besides," continued Abel by way of final contribution to the investigation, " and I gave five on it to Jennie to buy a parasol with." " And a fool's trick, too, my lad," observed his mother reprovingly, " for ahe spoilt it the next day by putting it up in the down-pour, drat her. But then, gentlemen, Abel can never refuBe Jennie naught, who iB a sensible girl at bottom for all her wanting to be in the fashion; and you mustn't think him wasteful. He's a good son and a good brother and a good man, let them as knows nothing of goodness " (and again she cast a glance of defiance at Christopher) " tell what liea they will of him." Kit answered only by a good-natured smile, which though it failed to mollify his assailant, convinced the spectators at least of his forbearance and kindly feeling. The lily indeed waB so touched by it that he observed, " I have nowt to Bay against Mr. Christopher, mother, nor against Miss Trenna neither; and I don't believe they hangs by maater in this business a bit more tban they does in any other." This frank expression of the result of Abel's experience of the Btate of domestic affairs at the Grey House was received in silence; the doctor and his son looked embarrassed, as having been in some sort the inviterB of bo much plain speaking ; Kit Btniled, but bit his lip; and Mark was downright angry at the scant courtesy with which, as he conceived, his friend had been treated throughout the interview. " It appears to me," he presently said, " that whatever wrong Mr. Garston may have done an innocent man in thought—for at present it has gone no further—others have committed the same error. It would really seem that we lived in the old barbarous days, when the members of a man's family were all held answerable for his personal misdoings." "The accused himself haa atood up for me, however," said Kit, emiling. " A leBson to ua all," said Mark, with significance ; "I honour him for it, and Bhall certainly not be leaa resolved in consequence to see him righted ; but in my opinion he iB not the only one who needs to make apology." " My dear Mark," said Frank, with earnestness, " it is impossible to affect to misunderstand your meaning, but if you suppoce for a moment that we hold Christopher responsible for Mr. GarBton'a suspicions " " Why don't you call him Kit, then, as you used to do?" broke in Mark, impatiently. "I don't blame Rachael, no one could blame a mother." " Hush, hush," said the Doctor, rising with dignity. " There is no need for more, Mark; Kit, give me your hand. We are partisans here, I admit it; but we want no quarrel with our neighbours; like ourselvea I am persuaded that all you wish is to Bee justice done." " Christopher, Christopher," cried an angry voice without. " Come here, I want you." Through the open window they aaw the attorney, who had reined his mare in at the garden gate; she waa covered with foam, and her heaving Bides showed the mark of hia spure. "What is the matter now, I wonder?" exclaimed Kit, aa he 1 ON THE LAWS' WITHIN STOOD THE RECTOR HIMSELF."—Chap. XIV. took np his bat with the weary sir of a man forced into action against his will; "stay here, Mark, till I let you know what haa happened." Bnt Mark had already followed him bareheaded into the garden. " No, yon, not you" cried the attorney aa soon aa he caught Bight of him; " I want my son Christopher, and no one elae." Upon a hint so very plain Mark had no alternative, of course, bat to act, so he returned into the house while Kit stood by hie father's stirrup listening to the Btory, which, with many an impassioned expletive and gesture, the old man poured into his ear. CHAPTER XIV. THE MAGISTRATE. Why Mr. Garston Bhould have had his say out immediately under the Dovecot windows can only be accounted for by his being so choke-full of it that to carry it any farther without spilling it was an impossibility. Otherwise he might just as well have pullednp a few yards further on, and not have exposed himself so directly to the enemy's fire. For, though Racbael and her son had withdrawn, and the segis of Mark's friendship protected Kit from the animadversions of the reBt, the spectacle of the swarthy attorney breathing forth fire and fury (as was evident) into his son's ear was a temptation to them to express their views of him. " Upon my life," observed the doctor, " I believe the man has found out his mistake already, and is pitching into Christopher as a relief to his feelings." "He hasn't found his money," put in Frank, drily, "or he would not be in such a passion. " If he was as careful of himBelf aa of his coin, he wouldn't do it," observed the doctor. "A man of his habit of body, and especially in this hot weather, Bhould not allow himBelf such violent delights." " Poor Kit," sighed Mark, compassionately; " what a thing it must be to have each a father!—I wonder what has happened up at The Knoll. Perhaps my mother and Maud together may have persuaded him to acquit his first victim, and now with redoubled energy he is casting about for another." " He does not give me the impresBion," observed Frank, critically, "of having been subjected recently to female influence." " Come, his eloquence is exhausted at last," cried Mark, who was standing with the others at the window, watching the colloquy between father and pon. " Now Kit will come back and tell us all about it." "Not he," Baid the doctor, I am afraid, with some touch of malicious satisfaction, "he ia walking away, by tbe old gentleman's side, like a captive tied to the Baddle bow. It's a case of needs must." "Where the devil rides," added Frank, grimly; "I wonder where on earth they are going to ? They have taken the turning to the rectory." Mark uttered a deep sigh, for he guessed their errand, which the others did not. And he guessed right. The attorney and hia son moved on in ailence; the latter had made his proteat in reply to the declarations of the other's intentions, and it had been swept away by a whirlwind of wrath. The Btory that he had told to him will be related presently. Even though Mr. Garston had eased his mind of its load of indignation, there were still some dregs in the phial; some droppings after the thunderstorm. " I will have this sifted to the bottom," he muttered, fiercely, "though it should cost me my fortune." Christopher Garston Bhrugged his shoulders. "You used to tell me, father, that there was nothing BO foolish as to throw good money atter bad." " What do youjmean, Bir?" exclaimed the attorney, stopping his horee, and facing round upon the Bpeaker. "Why Bhould the money be bad—by which I suppose you mean lost irrevocably. You don't suppose tbe fellow could have made away with it in a week. Every one is not a spendthrift like yourself." " I am sorry I put in a word, sir," was the young man's reply, which, if tone has any significance, implied that argument is thrown away in the case of a gentleman who haa lost his temper ; "what I meant was that even supposing that Abel is guilty " " Supposing ! Who supposes it? It is certain." " Very good; even BO he has powerful friends; you know the law better than I do, but that circumstance has some weight, I believe. Moreover, Mark offered to pay the money." "HuBh it up!" exclaimed the attorney, slapping his sturdy thigh, "I will see them d—d first. But I am glad you reminded me of Mark's offer. That's a point." " It was in reply to your remark that you would get the money out of somebody," observed Kit, with a look that seemed to say " and that is a point on the other Bide." "He's taken himself off already, but I'll have him before night," pursued the attorney vindictively, " I have given notice at the station, and they have telegraphed down the line." " That was a little precipitate, I think." "Do you?" replied the other, in a voice like the snap of a clasp knife. " Considering, I mean," continued the young man coolly, " that Abel is at the present moment at the Dovecot with his mother and sister." " So much the better, I shall know where to lay my hands upon him. He's getting up his case no doubt; backing it with a perjury or two from the women. They will have to swear pretty hard to Bwear away the number off a five-pound note." They had by this time reached the rectory gate, which lay back on itB hingeB in the usual hospitable fashion; on the lawn within stood the rector himself, who, attracted by the sound of hoofs, was looking with curiosity towards them, shading his eyes from the sun, from which his close- fitting ekull-cap offered no protection, by means of an open book. " Hullo! What's thiB, Mr. Garston ? The idea of you and yonr son reviving the old system of ride and tie. The objection to it iB, in these days, that when the rider leaves hiB horse there is a possibility of some one else walking off with it, instead of the proper person." "You may say that, Bir," said the attorney with energy. " In these days you have to hold your hat on with both hands to keep it for your own, and then you get your pockets picked." AB Mr. Garston thus epitomised the morality of the day he threw himself off hia steed. '' If you will be good enough to let your man give my mare a feed of corn, I shall be obliged to you, Mr. Penryn, for she has more work before her, and it will Bave time. "Certainly, by all means," Baid the rector, wondering in his mind why the attorney came to the rectory for corn, when his own Btalls were not a mile away, " Jem, Jem, take Mr. Garston's horee and feed him. Will you take anything yourself?" he continued; '"we have refreshments for man and beast,' you are old enough to remember the old formula." "I am come here on a matter of business," said the attorney in a tone of some severity ; the lightness of the rector's manner, under which he always fancied lay some contempt for himself, jarred upon him under the present circumBtanceB even more than usual. " Very good," returned the other, in total ignorance, of course, of hia visitor's misBion, and reBenting his manner; " there is no occasion to be so very serious even if you have. Business is not thunder, nor men milk, that we Bhould all turn Bour at the sound of it." To this conceit the attorney answered nothing: if a devout wish that he had a bill of sale upon the rector's furniture in his pocket, and had been empowered to put in the broker's man, Hashed across his mind, he dismissed it instantly; he felt that he had already made a false start, and must direct all.his energies to the uncongenial task of conciliation. " I bate to trouble men of letters, Mr. Penryn, with any mere common senBe—I mean common-place—matter, which is necessarily outof their line. If there had been any other magistrate " "Pray make no apologies, Mr. GarBton," interrupted the other, "of course I am at the dispoaal of justice, though I am very sorry she wants me. Nothing has gone wrong among our Mogadion people I do hope ?" " Merely a theft of £200." Good Heavens ! On whom and by whom ?" " On me, by my servant, Abel Deeds. He took the money out of my desk." " Unless you Baw him do it with your own eyes, Mr. GarBton," observed the rector, gravely. " I shall be hard to perBuade of that." "A magistrate is not a juryman, Mr. Penryn," replied the other curtly; " but as it happens, it is not a case of credibility at all, but one of proof, as you shall hear." And in a few words he told him the factB with which we are acquainted. The rector's face grew grave and Bad. "You have Been this missing note yourself have you, Mr. Garston?" " No, I have not, but Mrs. Medway has, and Mias Maud and my daughter have." " Then one of them should be here. I cannot issue a warrant upon hearsay—upon any mere unsupported aBBertion. Why did you not bring your daughter with you ?" "Trenna was not in the house when I called at The Knoll," returned the attorney with suppressed passion, "they had got her out of the way on purpose. And neither Mrs. Medway nor her daughter would afford me any information. It ia a conspiracy, nothing less, to defeat the ends of justice." "I will not permit you to apply such words as those to any friend of mine," said the rector sharply. His face, however, exhibited dismay as well as indignation; it was not, he felt, impossible that, in her zeal for Abel and her mistrust of his accuser, Mrs. Medway might have allowed herself to indulge in a little obstruction. "I am come here for a warrant against Abel Deeds, who has robbed me of a large sum of money. He has already fled from my service. If you refuse on my personal application to grant a warrant against him, and he escapes from justice, you will be held responsible. You know the law, Bir." Now, this as the attorney rightly conceived, was one of the few things which the rector, although a magistrate, did not know. It waa the firat time—so honeat was the community among which he lived—that he had ever been applied to upon any matter of the sort, and though he had punctually attended to his duties at Petty Sessions, they had in no way enlightened him as to the present proceeding. " It seemBto me incredible," he hesitated, "from what I know of Mrs. Medway, that she Bhould fail in any duty, public or private. Upon what ground did Bhe refuse to let you Bee the note?" " Upon no ground whatever. I was met with a flat denial." The rector bit his lips and looked about him indecisively ; his eye fell on Christopher, who, behind his father's portly form, nodded encouragement. " Were you present, Mr. Christopher?" "No, Bir, but my father told me all about it." '* Well, what did he say as to MrB. Med way's refusal to show him the note—pardon me, Mr. Garston"—for the attorney was about to speak—" but I am, officially, the master here. I wish to hear what your son has to say." "My father said that Mrs. Medway had declined to take any step in the matter—even so much as to show him the note— without advice from either yourself or Dr. Meade." "Just so; that comeB to the same thing," observed the attorney indifferently. "Not exactly, Mr. Garston. If you had quoted Mrs. Medway's words I should have known how to act; and since your mare looks tired I shall be happy to offer you a seat in my pony chaise. If you like to accompany us to The Knoll, Chriatopher, there is room for you also." The rector was not wont to be BO gracious to the young man, whom of late years, indeed, he had rarely addreBBed without the preface of "Mr.," but his frank conduct on this occasion had pleased him; and perhapB he was not unwilling to have a third party, even if it were Mr. Garston's son, to avert a tMe-(l-t$te with Mr. Garston. The proposition was by no means received with rapture by Kit himself; he expressed his thanks as the attorney did, but looked at the proffered vehicle when it came round in a way that the proverb teaches us we should not look at a gift horse, and by inference alent chaise; while so far from " jumping at it," he climbed on to the perch behind (leaving the front seat to his elders) with the inertia and deprecation of a moulting bird. It was evident, in fact, that Mr. Christopher was in two minds, as the phrase goes, whether he would go at all. The journey waB not much enhanced by conversation, and, indeed, each of the tbree persons had subject for thought enough fully to employ him; Mr. Penryn was thinking of poor Abel, as to whom his magisterial mind could not but acknowledge things looked black; Mr. Garston of his £200 deficit; while Kit, to judge by the extreme seriousness and even anxiety of his expression, would have been pronounced, by his enemiea at least, to have been thinking of his own affairs. 