MBLBOURNB! - r i . prom o'uii OWN correspondent. 1 : r, , ,, Tuesday, :evenmg. ' The" V! A. T.C. held their Boxing Day meet ing tinder favourable auspices at Oaulfield to-day. There was a good attendance of tho. public nnd large fields/ The running for the' Various evont resulted as follows i — Selling Race.'— Ghost, 1 ; tt.i mi v.n 9. Jiiiiiua. 3rd. - -Juvenile Stakes, Du-; enna, 1 ; Ike, 2 ; Monsoon, 3. , Hurdlo Raso.-i- Lady Hampden, 1 ; :DhumngiIo, 2; P.G,, 3, Christmas Handicap.— Baron Von Mupl|qr('(vpd Colstoun, : a 1 dead heat.. -In running i-off Colstoun, won very easily. Open Steeple chase.— Bryan O'Lyrin, 1 ; Tho Hawk,' 2 ;uAb dallah 3. Two-year old Selling Race.— Amplia Victoria 1 ; Frou Frou, 2 ; Plato, 3; Malvern Handicap.— Squiieen, 1 ; Transferred, 2 ; Loj ' hongrin, 3, This event" finished tho programme; ' a 'sad aooiderit boburred at William'stowri Gardens yesterday afternoon, by which a sou of SgniRt'-fioristablo AIrgan, of tho \Vator PuHeei and another little boy, received serious injuries. A largo beam had been erected for some sports to be. held , to-day. It was supported by guys aud apparently ; was secure. A number of youths wore swinging on the beam undoraeath of which tho little follows were playing. Sud denly tho guys yielded to tho strain and gavo way, striking both tho boys and foiling tbom to the "round. Intense excitement ensued and assistance was promptly rendorod to raise tho children and seek medical aid. Upon young Morgan being taken to his brothers, homo, "Dr. Goldio, who was summonod, found hnn suflor- ing from a broken .thigh and other ipjunqs. Ilm othor a u flu re r sustained a fracture of one of his, charge shoot at the City Police' Court this; morning was the lightest known for ihe last 20 years. 5Ir Gartori, J.P., who was in attend ance to discharge the drunkards, said it was a sign of the growing state of morality prevalent m tho city. About half-past ono o'clock this afternoon a hro broke out in the stable at the rear of Messrs Cohen's extensive furniture warehouse at the corner of Lonsdale and Stephen streets. The flames soon reached tho main building, which is now blazing fiercely. There is no hope of the premises being saved, and the fire brigades are hard at work, preventing tho adjoining premises from catching. It is stated that Messrs Cohen are fully covered by - insurance. The building, which is a wooden one, was at one time known as tho old Olympic Theatre, nioro commonly going by the natrie of. the " Iron Pot," and was built by Mr Geo; Coppiu. It was. afterwards used as a circus, and hero Rowe's American Cir cus used to perform'. It afterwards went through a series of changes, arid eventually came into the hands of Messrs Cohen Bros, about ten years, ago and. has remained so, ever since. The da mage done is eatimatcd at L1000. ' 