THE MYSTERIES OF CRIME; OB, The Expeejences of ak Edinburgh Detective. BY JAMES BIcGOVAN. [Published by special arrangement with the Author. All rights reserved.] Third Series.— No. XXXI. THE MURDERED TAILOR'S WATCH. (A CUEIOSITT CT ClRCUJLSTAjrEIAI, Evidence.) In Two Pasts.— Paet I. If it were not for the public-house3, and what they sell, I don't know what we dstec tives would do for a living. A man goe3 into one joyful and smiling and brimful of good will and friendsMp, and shortly reappears helpless, or mad, or demonised, and straight way there springs up a beautiful crep of crime, outrage, or wrong, wMch we — Heavea help us!— are immediately expected to put right From an experience of twenty-five yeai a, x aui say niux me most trouDiesome and most puzzling cases are those in which a public-house appears ; and when we consider how men's brains are there so upset that they will solemnly and religiously swear black is white, we need not be surprised at the fact. Worse still, death may step iu, as in the following case, to seal the mouth for all time i and then follow greater complications, and possibly the hanging of an innocent man. The case of the tailor, Peter Anderson, who) was beaten to death near the Royal-terrace, on the Calton Hill, may not yet be quite for gotten by some, but as the after results are not so well known it will bear repeating. Some working men, hurrying along a littla before six in the morning, found Anderson's body in a very steep path on the hill, and in. a short time a stretcher was got, and it was conveyed to the head office. The impression of the men who found him was that he had. been violently thrown down the hill, and s» possibly had his neck broken ; but it was soon evident that this idea was altogether a mistaken one. The first thing I noticed when I saw the body was that the one of the trouser's pockets was half-turned out, as if. with a violent wrench, or a hand too full of money to get easily out again ; and from this sprang another discovery — that the waistcoat button-hole in which the link of his albert had evidently been constantly worn was wrenched clean through. There was n» watch or chain visible, and the trouser's pockets weTe empty, so the first deduction was clear— the man had been robbed. Robbery, indeed, appeared to me at this stage of the case to have been the prime cause of the outrage, and an examination of the body confirmed the idea. The neck was not broken, but there were marks of a strangu lating arm about the neck, and injuries about : the head were quite sufficient to cause death. These seemed to indicate that ty o persons had been engaged in the crime, as is common in garroting cases — one to strangle and the other to rob and beat — and made me more hop2fai of tracking the doers. When a crime is spread over two or more persons some hitch, or look, or whisper, or trifling circumstance i» almost sure to spring up to lay the whole bare ; but when the knowledge is confined t» one the chances of our success are lessened. Conscience in criminals is much more elastic than most people imagine, and there i3 of tea more to be dreaded from the ' peaching o£ a pal'' than the wagging of their own tongue. Tbis idea of twobeing engaged in the criias was a mistaken one, as was afterwards made to appear, and may have led to some of the blundering which followed. ? It at least hindered success. On examining the spot at which the body had been found I found trace3 of a violent struggle, and also a copy of folded, papers, which proved to be unreceipted ac countsj headed 'Peter Anderson, tailor and clothier,' with the address of his place of business. These might have given us a clue to his identity had such been needed, but the fact is that his wife had been at the office reporting his absence only an hour before his body was brought in, and we had only to turn to her description of his person and clothing to confirm our suspicion. Anderson had been what is called a 'snia* cork,' having his place of business and his house combined in one little half- flat, and doing most of the work with his own hands; and the occasional assistance of another man and an apprentice or two. He was thus, though, a hard-working man, but a step removed front a mere journe_yman, and less able to give long credit than his more pretentious rivals in the trade. He was, indeed, constantly in need of money, and often, spent a portion of the ? Friday afternoon in drawing accounts where with to pay his apprentices and journeyman the next day. On the fatal night on which he disappeared he had unexpectedly drawa an account of some £10 or £i2 from a maa who had been out of town on every previous occasion when he called. Anderson, indeed, had set down the debt as a doubtful one, sus pecting that the debtor was shuffling, and in the joy of receiving the money, probably, had invited the man to an adjoining public-house, to drink 'a jorum.' This would have been harmless enough under ordinary cirwim stanees, but the debtor happened to be an old schoolmate, and unusually flush of money, and one round followed another until poor Peter Anderson's head was fitter for his pillow than guiding his feet. One thing I discovered at this part of my investigation, which would probably have set me on the right track, had other circumstances cropped up to support the theory. On entering the public-house — which was a very busy one not far from the Carlton Hill — Anderson had simply gone up to the bar, and before all the loungers or hangers-oa pulled a handful of notes, and silver, and gold from his trouser's pocket, saying to his companion — ' What will you have V Afterwards, when they got into talk, they advanced to a private box at the back ; but ft was here I thought that the mischief had been done. Anderson had a gold albert across his breast, and might be believed, ta have a watch at the end of it ; but the chain, after all, might have been only plated, an4 the watch a pinchbeck thing not worth taking to a thief ; but the reckless display of a handful of notes, gold, and silver, if genuine criminals chanced to see it, was a temptation: and revelation too powerful to be resisted. The man who carried money in that fashion was likely to have more in his pockets, aad a gold watch at least. If he got drunk, or.wa.3 likely to get drunk, he would be worth wait ing and watching for ; so at least I thought the intending criminals would reason, never dreaming of course of the plan ending in determined resistance and red-handedmurder. Your garroter is generally as big a coward as lie is a villain, and will never risk his skin or his liberty with a sober man if he can get one comfortably muddled with drink. This was the practice of Burke and Hare, and of shoals of other cannibals before and since their time. My first search was therefore among the crowd who had been about the bar of the jmblic-house when Anderson exuberantly dis played his handful of money ; but this was like looking for a needle in a haystack. Some of them were remembered and known, to be respectable persons, but the majority were strangers to landlord and barmen, and were so little noticed that even, when some of theaa. were placed before them, their features wera not remembered. There was no time to elaborate theories or schemes of capture. A gold watch and chain, valued at about £20, and £14 in money, were gone. A rare prize was afloat among the sharks, and I surmised that the circumstance would be difficult to hide. The thief and the honest man are alike in one failing — they find it difficult to conceal success. It prints itself in their faces ; in the quantity of drink they consume ; iu the tread of their feet ; the triumphant leer at the baffled or sniffing detective, and in their reckless indulgence ia gaudy articles of flash dress. I went down to the Cowgate and Canongate at once, strol ling into every likely place, and nipping up quite a host of my 'bairns.' I thought t had got the right men indeed when I found two known pests called ' The Crab Apple' and ' Coskey' flush of money and muddled ?with drink, but a day's investigation proved that they owed their good fortune to a stupid swell who had got into their clutches over ia thejsew Town, and was too much ashamed of himself to report or prosecute until he ?was sharply jogged on to it by me. '' Coskey,' indeed, was not only load in his denials of guilt, but strongly declared that he did not believe the Anderson affair had been managed by a professional criminal at all, ' If it had been done by any of us I'd have heard on it,' was his frank remark to me. ' Of course I wouldn't have told you, or let out a cheep about it, but, seeing it hasn't been done by any of us, I can't do any harm to let that out.' I was pretty sure that Coskey spoke the truth, forin his nervous anxiety to escape Cal craffs toilet he had actually confessed to me all the particulars of the New Town robbery, whereby his own pockets had been filled, which afterwards led to a seven years' retire ment from the scene of his labors. ' The hint thus received prepared me for ? making the worst slip of all I had feade in ? the case. I went to Anderson's widow to get | the number of the watch, and_ some description f by which it might be identified. She could V not tell me the number or the maker's name : I she could only say that it had a white dial ?? and black figures, but declared that she. |J would know it out of a thousand by a deep * - 'clour' or indentation on the back of the U ' I was there when it got the mark,1' she Ask said, 'and I could never be mistaken if the watch was put before me. A thief might alter the number, but nobody could take oat that innii*, for we tried it, aaJ t!ie watch maker could do nothing forit. My man was I working hard one day with the watch -ra, \ ?when a customer called to be measured. ine j waistcoat he wore wasn't a very bonny one-, ' and he whipped it off in a hurry, forgett';,ig about the watch, -waich was tugged out, and came bang against the handle of oj^e of his irons. The watch was never a bits the worse, but the case had aye the mark on it— just there,' said the widow; to illustrate her state ment, showed me a spot on the back of my cto v.-atch, and then so minutely explained the line of the indentation, its length, and its depth, that I felt sure that if it came in toy way I should be able to identify it as readily as by a number. This would have been all very well if her information had there ended, but it didn't. ' You are hunting away among thieves and gaol birds for the man that did it,' she 'bitterly remarked, 'but I tiiink I could put my band on him without any detective to help me.' 'You suspect some one, then? 1 ex claimed, with a new interest. 'Suspect? I wish I was as sure of any thing,' she answered, with great interest. *' The brute threatened to do it.' 'What brute?' ' Just John Burge, the ' man that was working to him as journeyman two months ago.' ' Indeed. Did they quarrel ?' ** A drunken passionate wretch that nobody would have anything to ck- wi',w vehemently continued the widow, waxing hotter in her words with every word she had uttered; ' but just because they had been apprentices together Peter took pity on him and gave Mm work. They were aye quarrelling, but one ?day it got worse than usual, and I thought my man would have lolled him. it was quite ;: simple thing began it — an argument as to Mhieh is the first day in summer — but in the -end they were near fighting, and after Peter Lad near choked him, Burge swore that he would have Ms life for it— that he would watch him night and day, and then knock the .* sowl oot ©' Mm in some dark corner before he knew where he was.' That was after the master and the laddies had thrown iiim out at the door and down the stair, and for some days I wouldn't let Peter cross the -door. But he only laughed at me after a bit, and said that Surge's ' bark was waur than his bite,' and went about just as usuaL And all the time the wicked, ungrateful wretch ?was watching for a chance to take Ms life.' ' Why did you not tell us of this quarrel at first V' I asked, after a pause. 'Because I thought you detectives were so sharp and clever that you would have Burge in your grips before night, without -a word from me ; but you're not nearly so clever as ? von're called.' ' But he never actually attacked your hus band?' I quietly interposed, knowing but too well that wives are apt to take exceedingly exaggerated views of their husband's wrongs cr rights. 'Oh, but he did though. He came up once, not long after the quarrel, and said he Lad not got all the money due to him, and tried to murder Peter with the cutting shears.' *'Murder him? How could he murder him with shears?' I asked, with marked scepticism. *? Well, I didn't wait to see ; but ran in and gripped Mm by the arms fill my man took the shears from Mm. The creatur' had no more strength than a sparry, though he's as tall as you.' 'No more strength than a sparrow?' That incidental revelation staggered me. It seemed to me quite impossible that a weaknian could have been the murderer of Anderson, unless indeed he had had an accomplice, and that was unlikely with a man seeking mere re venge. For a moment I was inclined to tMnk it possible that Burge might have tracked Ms victim to thehillaiidaccomplishedtherevenge, and that afterwards when he had fled the spot, some of the ' ghosts' haunting the Trill might have stripped the dead or dying man «f Bis valuables; but several circumstances led me to reject the supposition — wisely, too, as it appeared in the end. Burge, the widow, told me, was a tall man, with a white, ' potty' face, and a little, red, snub nose, and always wore a black frock coat arid dress hat. I took down the name of the street in which he lived— for I could get no. number — turned my face in that direction. In about fifteen minutes I had reached, not the street, but the crossing leading to it, when I met full in the face a man. answering Ms description, and having the unmistakable tailor's ' nick' in his back.' ' That should be Burge,' was my mental conclusion, though I had never seen him ' before. ' K he's not, he is at least a tailor, and may know him,' and then I stopped Mm with the words — 'Do you know a tailor who lives here about called John Burge?' ' That's me,' he said, with sudden anima tion, taking the pipe from Ms mouth, and evidently expecting a call at Ms trade ; ' who wants me?' 'I do.' 'Oh,' and he looked me all over, evi dently wondered how I looked so unlike the trade. There was a queer pause, and then I said — ' May name's McGovan, and I want you to go with me as far as the Police Office, about that affair on the Calton HilL' A wonderful change took place in his face the moment I uttered the words — a change which, but for the grave nature of the case., would have been actually comical; his ?' potty,' wMte cheeks became red, and his rea snuD nose as suddenly became wnite. 'Well, do you know, that's curious,' he at length gasped ; ' but I was just coming up to the office now, in case I should be suspected of having a hand in it. I had a quarrel with Anderson, and said some strong things, Fve no doubt, in my passion, but of course I never meant them.' I listened in silence ; but my mental com ment, I remember, was, 'A very likely story !;' ' ' I was coming up to say what I can prove — that I wus at the other end of the town that night, and home and in my bed by a quarter to eleven,' he desperately added, rightly in terpreting my silence. I became more interested at the mention of the exact hour ; for I had ascertained beyond doubt that Anderson had not left the public liouse and parted with his friend till eleven o'clock struck. He had, in fact, been ''warned out,' along with a number of bar-loafers, at shutting up time. ' Did any one see you home at that hour ?' I asked, after cautioning him, ' \es, the wife and balms.' ' tmphm.' ' Tou think that's' not good evidence ; but I havfe more ; I was in a public-house with some friends till half -past ten ; they can swear to that ; and they went nearly all the road home with me,' he continued with growing excitement. 'Do I look like -a murderer? My God ! I could swear on a Bible that such a thing was never in my mind. Don't look so horrible and solemn, man, but say you be lieve me?' I couldn t say that, for I believed the whole a fabrication got up in a moment of despera tion ; and little more was spoken on either side till we reached the head office, where he repeated the same story to the Fiscal, and -was locked up. I fully expected that I would easily tear his story to pieces by taking his so-called witnesses one by one, but I was mistaken. His wife and cMldren, for ex ample, the least reliable of his witnesses in the eyes of the law, became the strongest, for when I called and saw them they were in perfect ignorance both of Surge's arrest and the fact that he expected to be suspected. ?They distinctly remembered their father being home 'earlier' on that Friday night, and the wife added that it was more than she had expected, for by being in bed so early Burge had been able to ri*e early on the following morning and finish some work on the Saturday wMch she had fully expected would be disappointed.' Then the men with whom he had. been drinking and playing dominoes up to half -past ten were emphatic in their statements, wMch tallied almost to a minute with that of Burge. Then Burge had not been particularly flush of money after that date, but on the contrary, had pleaded so hard for payment of the work done on the Saturday that the man was glad to com promise matters and get rid of Mm by part jiayineat in shape of half-a- crown. The evidence, as was afterwards remarked, was not the best— a few drinkers in a public Uouse, whose ideas of time and place in--r'rtt be readily believed to be hazy, a ad 'the interested wife and children of the su=i-=cfccd man ; but in the absence of condeinniiig facts it sufficed, and after a brief detention B u-'-e was set at liberty. ° . About that time among- the batch of sus pected persons in our keeping was a man named Daniel O'Doyle. How he came to be suspected I forget, but I believe it was through having a deal of silver and some sovereignsm the pockets of Ms ragged trousers when he was brought to tlie office as a 'drunk and. disorderly.' O'Doyle gave .a false nams, too, when he tame to his senses ; but then it was too.kite, for a badly-written letter from some one in Ireland had been found in. his pocket when lie eas brought in. He was a power fully-built man, and in Mb infuriated state took four men to get Mm to the office. He could give no vei-y satisfactory account of how he came by tlie money in his possession. He had been harvesting, he said, but did not know th* name of the place or its geogra phical position, except that it was east of .Edinburgh 'a long way,' and he was going back to Ireland with Ms earnings, but chanced to take a drop too much and half murder a man in Leith Walk, and so got into our hands. On thoday after bis capture and that of Ms remand O'Doyle was 'in the horrors,' and at night during a troubled sleep was heard by a man in the same cell to mutter, something about 'Starr Boad,'and having ' hidden it safe there.' This brief and unin telligible snatch was repeated to me next jmoming, but, stupid asjt now appears to me, . I c£-«!ti.niake nothing of it. Ztnew that there. 'Was no such place as ' Starr Road' in Edin Ynfc-gh, and said so ; and as for him having ridden something, that was notMng for a wandering shearer, and might, after all, be only his reaping hook or bundle of lively linen. O'Doyle was accordingly tried for assault, and sentenced to tMrty days' im prisonment, at the expiry of which~he was set at liberty and at once disappeared. My Im pression now is that O'Doyle was never seriously suspected of having had a hand in the Calton Hill affair, but that, being in our keeping about the time, he came in for Ms share of suspicion among dozens more per fectly innocent. -If he had had bank- notes about him it might have been different, for I have found that there is a strong feeling against these and in favor of gold among the untutored Irish, wMch induces them to get rid of them almost as soon as they chance to receive them. So the months passed away, and no dis covery was made; we got our due share of abuse from the public, and the affair pro mised to remain as dark and mysterious as the Slater murder in the Queen's Park. But for the incident I am now coming to I believe the crime would have been still un solved. About two years after I chanced to be among a crowd at a political hustings in Par liament-square, at wMch I -remember Adam Black came in for a great deal of howling and abuse. I was there, of course, on busi ness, fully expecting to nip up some of my diligent ' family' at work among the pockets of the excited voters ; but no game could have been f urther from, my thoughts than that wMch I had the goodHortune to bag. I was moving about at the outskirts or the crowd when a face came within the line of my vision which was familiar yet puzzling. The man had a healthy, prosperous look, and nodded smilingly to me, more as a, superior than an inferior in position. ? 'Don't you remember me?— John Burge; - I was in the Ashton murder, you mind; the Calton' BUI affair,' and then I smiled out and shook the proffered hand. 'How are you getting on now?' ' Oh, first-rate — doing well for myself ,' was tJie bright and pleased - looking answer. ' Yon affair was a lesson to me ; turned teetot. when I came^ oui^ and have never broke it since. It's the best way.' It seemed so to look at Mm. The ' potty' look was gone from Ms face ; Ms checks had a healthy color, and his nose had lost its rosiness. His dress, too, was better. The glossy, washed-out dress hat was replaced by one as shining as if fresh from the maker, and the threadbare frock-coat by one of smooth] firm broadcloth. He . was getting stouter, too, and his broad, white waistcoat showed a pretentious expanse of gold chain. He chatted away for some time, evidently a little vain of the change in Ms circumstances, and a length drew out 'a handsome, gold, watch, making, as Mb excuse for referring to it, the remark — 'Ah, it's getting late; I can't stay any longer.' ' My eye fell upon the watch, as it had evi dently been intended that it should, and almost with the first glance I noticed a deep nick in the edge of the case, at the back. Possibly the man's own words had taken my mind back to the lost watch of the murdered tailor and its description, but certainly the moment I saw the mark on the case I put out my hand, with affected carelessness, as he was slipping it back to Ms pocket, saying — ' That's a nice watch ; let's have a look at it' It was tendered at once, and I found it to have a wMte china dial and black fiawes. At last I came back to the nick and serutudsed it closely. ' You've given it a bash there,' I remarked, after a pause. ' No, that was done when I bought it.' ' Bought it lately ?' ' Oh, no; a long time ago.' ' Who from ?' ' From one of the men working under me ; I got it a great bargain,' he answered with animation. 'It's a chronometer, and be longed to an uncle of his, but it was. -out of order — had lain in the bottom of a sea-chest till some of the works were rusty— and so I got it cheap.' ' Imphm. There has been some lying in the bargain anyhow,' I said, after another look at the watch, 'for it is an ordinary English lever, not a chronometer. Is the man with you yet?' ' So ; but, good gracious ! you don't mean to say that there's anything wrong about the watch ? It's not — not a stolen one V ' I don't know, but there was one exactly like this stolen that time that Anderson was killed.' In one swift flash of alarm his face, before so rosy, became as wMte as the waitcoat cover ing W i^ast. Then he slowly examined the watch with a trembling hand, and finally stammered out — ' I remember it, and this is not unlike it. But that's nothing — hundreds of watches are aslikeaspeas;-' I differed with him there, and finally got TiTm to go with me to the office, at which he was detained, while I went in search of Ander son's widow to see what she would say about the watch. ( To he continued. ) 