ORDINATION AT ST. PETER'S. An ordination service was held in St. Peter's Church on Sunday by tho Bishop of Melbourne, assisted by tho Revs. Canon Chase, John Garlick (Rural Dean, Incumbent of Ecliuca), and J. Carlisle locum tenens at St. Peter's. The ser- mon was preached by tho Rev. J. Garliek, who chose for his text, 2 Cor. iv., S. lie said — Tho clergy of tlio Church of England stand, in this stirring eventful age, in tlio various grades of a ministry whose history is inseparably inter woven with that of the civilised world. The authority for onr commission bear3 not tlio stamp of recent date. It is not of human origin, hut divine. It is easily seen how tho apostoiio mission has descended to us ; but if it bo asked, wlicnco docs tlio church derive her authority for the three orders in the ministry, and how comes tlio acknowledged right of bisliops to orduin, I would answer that neither rests upon any direct command of Christ, but 1st : That as St. Paul represents tlio ordinances under the law a3 " a shadow of tilings to come," we are justified in assuming that the miuistry under tho law was typical of that which was to follow, and that ns under the old dispensation wo find three orders — High Priest, Priests and Levites — so Christ, who "came not to destroy " lint " to fulfil tho law," by throw ing upon it tho light of His teaching, dis persed the shadow, disclosing Himself, tlio " Great High Priest," tho chosen apostles and the seventy, as tho anti-typical three orders. 2nd!y : Wo infer from tlio last verso of St. John's gospel that , thero wero lessons taught to tlio disciples of Christ of which no record hascomo down to us, but which in tho apostles' commniision would certainly be included in tlio " all things to observe," and, if so, is it unlikely that certain practices which are coeval witii tlio establishment of tho Christian church itself had their origin in these unrecorded teachings of tlio Saviour ? 3rdly : Apart from tlieso considerations it is sufficient for us to know that after our Great High Priest had Himsu'f passed into tlio heavens, certain orders iu various grades, below the apostles, aro unmistakably recognis- ablo. Tlieso orders, after tho death of the last of the twelvo apostles, plainly appear ; tho third being tlio bisliops, tlio superintending and perpetuating order j tho second being tho elders (tlio original word for which, through presbyter having finally settled down into the word priest) ; and tho first order being the dea cons, tho less responsible only beoauso subordi nate to tho elders, but not less important as active workers in the ministry. Tho Bpeaker concluded his discourse by an exhortation to those who were to bo ordained, during which he referred to tlio various duties they would be called npon to fnlfii. At the close of tho sor- mon, tho Ror. Canon Chase presented to tho Bishop tho Revs. H. Kelly, of Kow ; C. Harris, Smythc3daio ; and W. Jennings, of Mansfield, for admission to the priesthood ; and Messrs. H. E. Potter and J. B. Goson, for admission into the dia- conate. During the ordination tlio hymn, Como Holy Ghost, was sung by Mr. J. Ken dall. Tho service, which was a choral ono, was rendered in a vory impressive manner by the choir, under the leadership of tho organist, Mr. W. B. Taylor, B.A, 