PICK UP NOTES. [Br Moses. 1 As a sample of the manner in which the Salvation army are carrying on the war in England, we reprint a copy of one of their placards which was posted up at Leeds. The usual proclamation ia headed War 1 war ! and a general invitation is extended to all parties to gain the ñght against "Old Sick." This is the pian of operations:— " Monday, June 5, at 7 '45, Salvation charge ; Tuesday, Great Exhibition of Hallelujah Lasses ; Wednesday, Fire and Brimstone ; Thursday, Boll Call, soldiers to deliver np | their cartridges; Friday, at 7*40, Baptism of Pire : Saturday, at 7"-*5, Rejoicings over Victories Won. All over the shop meetings. Sunday, June 11, at 7 a.m., Knee-drill, Ammunition supplied to soldiers by Quarter master-General. 11 a.m., descent of the Holy Ghost ; 2*30 p.m., Tremendous Free and Easy ; 6"30 p.m., Great Charge on the Devil; 8 p.m., Hallelujah Gallop." The tactics used by General Wolseley against Arabi Bey seem civilised in comparison with the absurdly fanatic proclamation of the Salvation army. Id Brisbane matters are scarcely so bad, but then they can obtain no recruits there. \- The Mayor and corporation of Gulgong, N.S.W., evidently have a keen appreciation of humor of the highest order. At a recent meeting a great trouble arose as to whether a few pounds worth of printing should be given to the local paper or sent to Mudgee to be done. With a thorough recognition of the well-known fact that the greatest revenge a reporter can have on any one ia to report his speeches verbatim, the following appears in a two column description of the proceedings: Mayor—"Itwas a devUishBight better to perfect a^aving and give it to the people. Alderman Blanchard—You have made use of an offensive expression and are certainly disorderly. Alderman Scully—If an alderman had made use of that expression you wonld have called him to order, and properly so. Mayor—Ordert It ia chucking the money away to pay a higher price than can be avoided. Alderman. Scully—From what you have stated. Mayor—Alderman Scully ! Alderman Scully—I can explain in reference to a statement of yours. Mayor —Certainly not. Alderman Scully—I do not intend to. speak on the motion, I ouly wish to draw attention to a word you used. Mayor—Alderman Scully you have no right. Alderman Scully—Will you allow me to say one word? Mayor—I will not allow you, sir 1—I must fine this man. Alderman Scully—One moment. Mayor—Sit down, sir I Alderman Tuxford- I propose he is out of order. Alderman Jesse Smith—I seconds it. Mayor—I will put the motion. On putting the moton there were for, Tuxford, Jesse Smith, Guinan ; against, Turner Blanchard, John Smith,- and Scully. The Mayor—3 and 3. Alderman Scully—No 4 against 3. Mayor—I order you out of the chamber ! Extract from Hansard :—Mr. Foote said he wished to know the interpretation of the words " dogs found at large." A dog might be in the street, and his owner not faraway from him, and if the dog was an intelligent dog, and saw a suspicious-looking person on foot, on horseback, or in a carriage, he might attack him. A registered dog ought not to be destroyed for. doing so. The amendment was a very arbitrary one. Mr. Griffith said that dogs onght not to bs allowed loose in the streets unless they could behave them selves. If their habits were such as to lead them to attack innocent persons, it ought to be made a capital offence against them. He himself, had sometimes been attacked by half-a-dozen dogs at once, and he did not know that he was a " suspicious-looking person. The thing was very objectionable and onght to be put a stop to, if possible." It is possible however that although Mr. Griffith may not be a " suspicious-looking person" other causes might account for his "being "attacked. "We have heard that dogs delight to bark and bite, and as their " habits are such as to lead them to attack innocent persons," but stay, here we find a similarity between the speakers and the doga at large which is most unaccountably st iking. The testimonial nuisance is an inexplicable sort of an afiair altogether. People live among us for years we never look upon them as being anything especially out of the common way, but directly there is an expressed intention of leaving out come the subscription lists. The same with wrecks. A captain may navigate his ship in safety for many voyages, some of them far from being pleaBaut. There are no testimonials, no subscriptions, the captain continues to do Iiis duty faithfully, and the public feel satis fied. But, an unpleasant accident occurrs, the vessel goes .on a reef, is wrecked, the passengers lose ail their personal effects, and the testimonial folly commences. We sup pose it is very jolly for the recipient, and a certain amount of pleasure is felt by the donors, but. there must be a kind of feeling that the latter have been very ungrateful in not having recognised trqe merit before, while the former must feel that people are either very glad to get rid of him, or wish to make his misfortunes appear less heavy. There are hundreds of worthy men who live in a town for years, and do infinite service to their country whose merits are never recognised because they do not start on the departure ticket, or sudden misfortnnes lay. They prefer to lead a steady life, and die a natural death in preference to being testi monialised. in the Legislative Assembly on Friday ! night Mr. Brookes said he must confess that he would have expected better behaviour from a blackfellow than he had received from the Minister for Lands. That gentle man had not the nobility of a savage. All this we can believe, and more, not to stretch ! a point the honorable gentleman might be able to make himself as intelligent to the Minister for Lauds as to a blackfellow. We also can qnite believe that Mr, Perkins has not the nobility of a savage. That is the ' standard of the junior member for North Brisbane and it is not likely his imagination could carry him any further. A metropolitan contemporary referring to the drowning of a man in the Brisbane river says " When found there was in his pockets a telegram revealing his name and some silver, and other items regarding him." We were'never before aware that a telegram could reveal silver; nor that silver, and other items could regard a corpse. It may be said " oh but you know what is meant. We iudignantly repudiate the idea, we don't. In the following neat and pregnant little fable some of the eccentricities of modern adulteration are delicately disclosed to tho commonwealth of consumers by a contem porary German satirist—"There were once four nies, and, as it happened, they were hungry one morning. The first settled upon a sausage of singularly appetising appear ance, and made a hearty meal. But he speedily died of intestinal inflammation, for the sausage was adulterated with aniline. The Beoond fly breakfasted upon flour, and forthwith succumbed to contraction of the stomach, owing to the inordinate quantity of alum with which the flour had been adulter ated. The third fly was slaking his thirst with the contents of the milk jug, when violent cramps suddenly convulsed his frame, and he soon gave up the gbost, a victim to chalk adulteration. Seeing this, the fourth fly, muttering to himself, ' The 600uer its over the sooner to sleep,' alighted upon a moistened sheet of paper exhibiting tho counterfeit presentment of a death's head, and the inscription'Fly-poi6on.' Fearlessly applying the tip of his probosois to this device the fourth fly drank to hia heart's content, growing more vigorous and cheerful at every mouthful, although expectant to his end. But he did not die. On the contary, he throve and waxed fat. You see even the fly poison was adulterated. A - writer to a contemporary endeavors to point out that although the death punish ment is a deterrent for the crime of murder it Is not a deterent for the crime of attempt to murder. This pounds very funny. The man who succeeds in doing what he attempts to do can be deterred from doing it again by being hanged, but the man who does not do what he attempts to do cannot be deterred the same way. It appears sound argument on the face of it that hangiug is about the best deterrent punishment next to the guillotiue but as a member of the New South Wales Parliament says it isn't, we will search fur ther into this important question. O CR sympathies are excited on behalf of Mr. Bees. In his earnest endeavor to con serve the interests of the citizens he has be come a victim. Like the captain of H.M.S. Pinafore he may occasionally say *' bother it" when any ticklish duty devolves upon him, but the big D. D. has been studiously banished from his vocabulary. Running through a couple of acres of mud in pursuit of an unregistered goat has been cheerfully accomplished without a muriner. Braving the ferocious attitudes and barks of a pugna cious mongrel has been looked upon as a pleasure. All and every duty of his sacred position has been performed with a self sacrifice aud devotion of the most commend able natnre. But all these gleams of sun shine and future reward have been cast to the winds by one cold blast (not used in the wrong sense). A horse was scented afar off pawing up the footpath of M*Dowall-street to the detriment of the ratepayers' interests. Mr. Bees saw it. He venied, he vidied, but he did not vicL When he attempted to re move the quadruped from the path it rose gently ou ita hind legs, and offered to shake hands. Twice or thrice did the-affectionate animal mako similar demonstrations of friendship but in vain. Our friend mis understood these marks of approbation. He wanted to get the animal off the path, and tt would not go. Then broke from his lips, still in the interests of the rate payers, words in which the big D figured. The oc casion was excusable, bat it was inoppor tune. Our police object to auything in this way, and they have our hearty support. We never swear ourselves, except in the of fice. The police neverr come here so we swear in peace. Not so, Mr. Bees. The ebullition of temper he displayed at the vagaries of an affectionate horse was dis pleasing to the ears of a yonng man who Jiad been "nurtured in the highest grades of Dublin society. His innocence was shocked. For some minutes his head reeled with the intoxication of undisguised amazement. Could it be possible that he had left the purity of Phoenix Park, with all its associa tions, to have to stand at a street corner and overhear a dumb animal abused by a town official. It was too much. He headed for the hill, and withstanding all those temptations we ourselves feel when going in that direction, turned neither to the right nor the left, but went straight for a sum mons. Thus was duty rewarded, and thus was virtue reconciled. Three and sixpence ! One does'nt feel safe out of doors. 