Music and the Drama. ( AT til© Theatre Boyal " Tlio World" still goos on oad Boocaiu^ly \n¿h.as much sucooes as at tn« first Tho hems* ia wall filkwl in every part nightly, an( alio(j«tlior thd fi ku- of this plavc« of amuso- ic_t ig do cùdodly in tho ascamlant. Poople aro aa much terri ii od a« eyer by tho explosion soono find thu subsoqueu t-oulistto tiro efl'oeta. Tho raft epiaodo oontinuos t> oorufor+ably ©ardis tho blood, and tho fooliiitf« ari i-«ÍJ3*d the wrong- way by tho exhibition of tho oold blocnied vilbuvjr of Harry Huagorford und tho woos o Mtwry ïîljthe und lt ttbelHuntingford. Tho grotesqui rascality of Mosa Jewell nightly provokes roars o laughter, and tho company gonurally appear deter mimed k> make tho dram* a success, which, finan ciafiy it is, but 'which, in a literary point of viow, i is noi. I am not prepared to say how lon j " Tb World" is to last, hut tlforo in at presont no sign of it being' extinguished by a comet or anything olso for i while. When it does disappear, either finally or fo: a time, it will, I nndoretand, bo replaced b] " How Babylon," with which soma Sydnoj playgoers aro moro or loes familiar. Afterwards,. búlíoTO timk " Tho Colonel" will be produced I understand that Mr. AHiaon's season will bo con ' sidombly prolonged, lio having mado frosh arrange monta with the now lessees, Messrs. Garner, William wm, and Musgrove At tho Gaiety Bartloy Campbell's excellent comedy dramsj "Honour," lias hold tho board«, and wit! undiminished appreciation by all who know and cai onjoy a pood play well acted, and produced with ai attention to dotaila and liborallty of mounting tba .would probably cn sure tho BUCOOBS of a very mu ol inferior pieco. Mr. Bayleys combination comprise: ? threo ßtari«, in addition to a number of other Ja&io; j and gentlemen wlio aro generally ropfai-dcd aa amonga I tho most aooomplinhcd and skilful in tho dramatii j profession. Mr. W. H. Locke an Sydney Norcott ha not muon to do, but it ia essential that tlio little lu 1 j has to do ehall bo dono well. < lt may bo said with 1 j out tho slightest reservation tliat ho supplioi L, tho essential qualities admirably and to th 'fullest oxtohi. Miss Ad* Ward RS Cioely is suposb and it would bo difficult to conçoive a moro flnishoi rendering of thia too-ea*ily-dccoiTod and impulsivi yotmg English lady. The realism, the oloarly os pressed yeti hidden nusory on discovering the appa rent perhdy of her lover, her Hear eely concoalod loath ing for th« cold-blooded Baron, her lovo_ for tin seemingly falso Sydney Norcott-all thia it is iiupos ßihlo to describe ia fitting wordB. It must bo coen to bi ? rcalisod. It is a triumph of liistriouic art. Miss Car rh Nelson as Psycho supplies much of tho comedy o the play. Inhorcapablo hands nothing is lost, anc ? tho rosult is as completo a picture of a light-hearted loving, clever, pettish.^ spoilod, good-oiatured natural English girl os it is possiblo to conceive. Bhi sings tho very pretty ballad " Tho Dream of Love ,' and has to repeat it regularly every night. It may, thoreforo, bo taken for granted that sho sue coeds in thoroughly ploasing hor hearers If abo did not ploaso thom tho task woult indeed bo difficult for any ono else to under take. Miss Jessie Gray as Francesca has z very difficult part to play. It is not of the kind oi tiling I have boon accustomed to soc .Miss Gray do. but if I did not possess that other knowledge, ] should have «aid that she had boon making a study of fliich parts all her lifo. It speaks volumes for thc groat ability, versatility, and natural intelligence of tho- young lady to witnoes such a successful ropro sontatiou as «ho presents of tho somewhat sombre characteristics of tho mournfully deceived Italian girl. Mr. Poolo, Mr. Boothmau, and Mr. Heeford havo each distinotiv« parte, and tho burdon that is thrown upon thom is well and skilfully sustained. A word must also bo said for Miss Jenny Desmond, whoso part as Nichotto, though small, is well and carefully playod. Thor» ia now at tho Gaiety as clover a littlo company as ono could hopo to soo gathered together in ono theatre in Australia. Good as " Honour" is, I am sorry to note that tho management have doemod it advisablo to withdraw it, and substitute that horribly dismal, ridiculous, and prurient play, " East Lynno." At tho Opera Houso Mr. Prod. Marshall lins once more rouowed his acquaintance with tho play-going public of Sydney. Ho oponed lust ßaturday night m Mr. 13. G. LankoBtor'e comedy ontitled "Tho Guv'oior." Tho houso was crowded in every part, aud a good many, I boliovo, had to go away without tho opportunity of seoing either the play or tho chief actor therein. Probably a good many have mado up for their disappointment, for o very night sinco tho theatre has been crowded both above and below. Of tho play it is hardly necessary to speak. To call ita comedy is a slight misuse ot' tho word. It would bo bettor dosorihod as a farce, in thrco acts. It defies criticism asa literary production, except that it may bo said gonorally to bo exceedingly clover. Ono of its chief boauties, and perhaps advantages, is that it is not necessary, to think deoply what ibis all about, or to bothor about gotting hold .of tho plot. Tho story is told hy tho actors as they go on, and while the blunders thoy aro making aro depicted as clear as noonday to you, _ tho persons roproscutod on tlio stage aro «ooniingly in blissful ignoranoo of tho complications thoy aro causing. In short, all you havo .to do is to sit down and laugh. And this yon generally do, unless you aro prematurely ex hausted with tho funniuosa of tho opening scones, from the rising of tho curtain to tho going down thereof. Mr. Prod. Marshall, who, by tho way, was received with ringing cheers and tremendous ap plause when ho first came on, plays Thoodoro Mac clesfield, sen,, a deaf old boatbuildor. Thoro is nothing specially suggestive in the namo to make ono boliovo thoro is so much fun in tho part. But ia Mr. Marshall'« haadfl tho character is provocative of laughter all tho time ho is on tho stago. But ho is not. alono in this mirth provoking conspiracy. Ho is aided and abottod hy Mr. Tithoradgo as Prod Butterscotch, a roving ath lete, but who is much troubled by an impediment in his speech. Such a combination-a deaf «ld man with a pretty daughter, who has a stuttering lover is calculated to produco effocts of a highly oowictvl character. That is precisely what requite from tho design of the author. Tho fun is still further helped on by Mr. Sterling Whyte as Mr. Buttorßcotch, son., Mr. E. W. Marshall aB Gregory, Mr. JP. Forbes ne Jellicoe, Mr. O'Grattan aa Mactoddy, Mr. Goorgo Gordon as Mi'8. Butterscotch, Miss Annie Taylor aa Barbara, Miss Cora Gwynne aB Kato Butterscotch, Miss Emma Fischer as Oarrio Macclesfield, and Miss M. A. Melvillo as Mrs. Macclesfield. Mrs. George Gordon, Mr. Tithoridgo, Miss Annie Taylor, Mr. E. W. Marshall, and Mr. Frank Forbes wore all heartily choored- whon thoy modo their first ontrances, thus showing that the pcoplo of Sydnoy havo pleasant memories of tho ladies and gentleman nomcd^ who mdoed aro not strangers to a Sydney andienoe. " Tl» Guv'nor " will probably bo kept upon the stage for gomo timo, at all events until it ceases to draw and it seoms probablo that will bo a good while honoo. At the Queen's Thoatro Mr.' Burdett Howo, assisted by Miss Julia Hayward and Miss Marian Willis, has appeared in " Tho Star Chamber, or, (to give it its full title as per programmo) Tho Puritan's Daughter,'' .Mtbongh savouring much of ? -: . ' «j :old taelo-áramatio play of 30 or 40 years atrd it is an oxcolloat acting piece, and in it Mr. Howe and Miss Willis manage te beoouio vory effective As Chynont Langer, the viotisa of tko Star Chamber] Mr. Howo profiouta a forcible representation of a deoply injured roan awoituiy kia tuno for a sure and terrible revongo. _ Miss Maria*. Willis, aa Lady Mom. pesson, plays with tho ability and caro that hara made her euch a favourite aa she is with tho publia of Sydney. : Mies Mario Wilton was also in tho cast, and of co urea materially strengthened it. Miss Julia Haywaid and Mr. O'Neil snr* plied the oomody element. Mr. Burford, as SU) Giloa Moinposson, was as effootivo aa tho conditions of tho port would permit him to ba. On Friday night Mr. Howe was auiimvnood for Hamlot, comment upon which must stand over until next wook. Wo have not runny musical ovents te record thia wook, the cliiof being a grand concert in aid of tho organ fund of St. John Baptist's Churoh, given in the hall of tho School of Arte, Ashfield, on Wodnosi day night, by a numbor of lady and gentlemen ama« tour and professional vocalists and instrumentalists. Thero was a compact orchestra, comprising a fair balance of wood, braca, and string, led by Mr. Her» ras.nn, and couduoted by Air. H. ll. M'Loan, T.O.LV Aubor'u overture to "Fra. Diavolo" and Bos.' liui's »vertnro to " Tho Maid and tho Magpio"woro crisply performed, but tho prosto movement, which ccnoludes tho first, was too last to ensure a porfect porformanco of tho music. Wo aro fully aware that as a prosto pasHOgo it should bo played very fast* but then it should not bo played so fast as to obligó the performers to :rnidjlo tho triplots which abound in it. With this oxooption, tho orohestral selections. Were fairly executed. Mr. Toma acted aa pianist. A number of gentlemen amo- tonrs sang several glee3 ina very rospccfcablo stylo, but without indicating s ny thing moro than tho possession of good voioos and a fair knowledge of how to uso them. Madams Tlosaly Mörz (aMolboumo oolcbrity) sang F. Schira'a ' ' Sognoi ' ' superbly. Sho haH a remarkably even and puro voice, of considerable range and power, and her stylo io highly cultivated. She is a most picas, ing singor, and entirely froo from manlier» isms and defects. Her rondition of Cowon's; "'It was a Dream" procured her a warm encore;' Mr. Morgan sang " No Prize Can Fate on Man, Bestow" vory sweetly, and Dr. FÜLis substituted for a duot from " Traviata," announced on tho pro^ grammo, Bishop's well-known " Protty Jane," which he sang with muoli tasto and expression. Signora Fabi'ia, whoso appearance on a ooucort platform ig always agreeable and premonitory of "linked sweet ness long drawn out," sang "In Quoeto Somplioe,^ and, being enthusiastically encored, gave a cornie ditty, which was much admirod. Mrs. H. E. Woods' performed several solos on the pian», and also acted aa pianist in an instrumental quintette bySpohr* but a defect in tho piano, not noticed until tho con cert began, prevented her from displaying hor skill to tho best mlvanta£e. . Mr. H. E. Woods sang several songs in a very pleasing 'manner, and was much an* plauded. The concert, on tho wholo, was as fairly sucoessful in a musical senso as grand concorts genorally aro in Sydney or ita suburbs, that is te say, tho entire programme, was of averago oxcollenco. Wo rogr'ot very much that tho Civil Service Musi! cal Society should bo in rooo?w, for it has rendorod good Borvico to tho cause of music, and afforded much pleasure to tho musical public of our city ia past years. Wo always feel sorry when wo hoar of any musical society hoing in difficulties, either for want of talent or for want, of money. Wo believe that tho Civil Service Society has not beon forced into rocoes from either of theso causes, but ratho? because tho members have ncglooted te oboy rulç.3 and regulations, tho observance of wliich ig abso» lutoly nocossary to the prosperity of any inusicaj association. Of all tilings in tho \\#*>rld xnusip is the most autocratic, for it demands froiu its votaries implicit submission to law and discipline. It ia, however, a generous mooter, and rewards obodionco with profuso nuiiiifiocnoc. Wo strongly advise tho members of tho Civil Service Musical Society.to put their shoulders to tho wheel, and sink individualism in a unifcod effort to rentero tho socioty to its former state of activity. Mr. Mowlo, the tf.louted secretary of tho society, who has laboured hard to koop tho society togothor for many years, would no doubt continuo Iiis services if ho woro woU supported by thc members. It would bo a pity tb allow a Gocioty which has rondorod excellent service in diffusing amongst our pooplo a tasto for innsioal enjoyment to drop into oblivion, or oven to remain long in a state of inactivity. From Wow Zealand I learn that those old Sydnoy favourites, Mr. and Mrs. LachlanM'Gowa», havo had a successful season at tho Theatre Boyal, Wolibigr ton, wlñoh they had leased for tho Easter holidays, Edwin A. Smith, of Pitt-stroct, Sydnoy, auotioneor. Liabilities, .£223 2s; asscte, £5 2s Cd. Mr. E. M. Stephen, official assignee Georgo Spears, of Dubbo, labourer. Lkduliiios, .£57 2s ; assets, .£5 10s. Ms. A. Sandoiaan, offioial assignee. ' , Mr. George McDonald, late senior-sergeant m tho police force, who retired to go into business for him self, has boon presorted by his late comrades with a very handsomo gold watch and_ chain valuod at GO guineas. - . . « «. Tho ceremony of laying the foundation steno of St. Mark's Church, Granville, was performed on Wednes day afternoon at about 1 o' dook, by tko Very Hov. Dean Cowper, in thoprosenco of a large assemblage. A epocial service, in which tho churoh chou1 toek^purt, was givon. Tho clergy presont wero th« Eev. <-^Ilon Gunther, M.A., tho Kev. W. A. Phillies, of S> John's, Parramatta ; tho Eov: A. L. Wilhams, M.A., Principal of Mooro College ; tho Eov. V. B. Moree, and tim Eov. Josph Barnier. Tho ooromoiiy toole placo in tho usual way by placing a docuKont setting forth ti description of the building, aud several news papers of current date in a jar fixtad umder th» foun dation stone, which was then duly laid m ita placo. This dono tho Dean tappod tho steno with a. mallet and declared it laid as tho foundation and corner stono of tho church ol' St. Mark, in the name of the 1-other, tho Son, and tho Holy Ghost. A Te Denni was then sung, after which addreeaeB woro delivered by ibo Dean and by Canon Gunther. Tho now building, whon erected, will seat about-lou porsons, and will cost about .£7000. It will bo built of white sandstone. At present, owmr te tho lack of sufficient funds, it is only intended to oroct tno nave, wbioh, together with tho cost of the ground, will involve an expondituro of -S3O00. Tho total height of tho buildin g will bo 38ft. It will ovorloott Parramatta south, and will afford the pleasuro ot Divine worship to tho inhabitants ot that rapidly rrowmr locality. At tho close of the eoromony of ferings, oeeordmg to custom, were placed on tno Btone, amounting to -6250, of which largo sum jbow was confeributad by a lady present. Afterwards a luncheon was given, and in the evening ft toa-mooting was hold, at which about 250 woro presont to cow brato tho OTTO*. Addrossos woro again, dolworeü ac this meeting by Canon Gunther tho Eov. Mr. nior, tho Eev. Mr. Phillips, and others, and it passo* joffi vcrv s^cj5||uBw. ' ^ ** ," ' .. 