E have to acknowledge courteous replies W to our communication by the several proprietors of the Kapunda Jlerald, Port Augusta Dispatch, Agriculturist Review Northern Argus, Gawler Standard and Port Pirie Gazette-, but there are fifteen at the least interested in the question we have addressed to them who have not yet favored us with an acknowledgment of our letter. Will they accept this notification ? Since the above was in type the Narracoorte Jlerald has favored us with a reply. T HE approaching Legislative Council elections will once more afford the public an opportunity of indicating clearly to the makers of our laws and administrators of our affairs, the principles upon which tbey desire to be governed and the measures that tbey wish Parliament to pass. True, the Chamber to which new members are to be elected does not hold so important a position in the ruling of the country and the destinies of the people as the House of Assembly, where all important legislation must originate, but still the Legislative Council is an institution which has claimed equal power with the Assembly and exercises an influence in the State which should demand most careful consideration in the selection of its members. We do not want men sent there whose minds are entirely filled with the one pervading idea, protection of the divine rights of property. "We are the conservators of the rights of property, and do you think we are going to tax ourselves r"—This has been the watchword and the main spring of the actions of too many of the members of our House of Peers in the Colonies. We want a different stamp of politicians sent into the Upper House, men who will not obstruct all useful legislation which may not be favorable to their interests, but who have liberal and progressive ideas with respect to the Government of the country. HE amendment of the tariff in a Protec T tionist direction should be made one point upon which to test candidates. Luxuries should of course be taxed, but after this our revenue should be raised from imposts upon such luxuries as wo can ourselves produce or manufacture. Let us have tea and sugar, and such like articles, admitted free of duty altogether, and let the duty be transferred instead to something that we can supply ourselves with, euch apparel, boots, ironwork, &c.; If the operatives and mechanics in the country would have desirable legislation in this direction they must be prepared to light for it shoulder to shoulder, and exhibit lesw political apathy than they have hitherto done. NCE more there should be a decided O expression of opinion on the part of electors with respect to the alteration of the incidence of taxation. Some constituencies, such as West Adelaide, will have an opportunity of indicating in clear and unmistakable terms what they think of the gross tergiversation of which their representatives have been guilty. The electors should not allow this sort of thing to j ass without uotice. It is all very well to listen to fair promises, and extract pledges from candidates on the hustings, but if those promises and pledges are to be allowed to be broken and violated without compunctious, and without dread of being called to accout, it would be better that the electors should not be troubled with election meetings, or political addresses at all. T HE witness, who, when called upon to give evidence in the case brought against the captain of the I'leur do Lis by one of his seamen, was in such a state of intoxication that he was unable to speak intelligibly, may congratulate himself upon the leniency with which the Bench dealt with, or rather forebore dealing with him. For our own part wo think that the clemency was ill-advised and undeserved, and that the offender should have been lined, first for drunkenness, and next for contempt of Court. H£RE is to be presented a memorial for I the making of a road from the Silt Wharf, Hawker's Creek. The owners of the silt-carts and horses have such an affection for them that they do not wish to lose sight of both in the quagmire just before their eyes j and the Coroner is really too busy to give more than a percentage of his attention to Glanville inquests. INGULARLY ill-managed is the meat S trade with the old country. The Garonne shipment fetched only 4|d. per pound in a market where it should be worth Sd. It would seem as if those concerned are wholly unconcerned whether the frozen meat shall reach England in a marketable condition or not. Badly prepared on thiB side of the world, it is unfit for food on the other ; and the English stomach loathes it. We appear to be challenging the closing of the market to an important export. T appears that the Marine Board intend I acting upon the discreet suggestion thrown out by His Honor Mr. Justice Boucaut at the recent trial of the Hay libel case, viz., to withhold from the press reports of their officers which may affect the characters or impugn the conduct of employes, or persons with whom they have to deal. Enquiry has been made of us with respect to a letter written to the Board by one who was lately an employe in the dockyard. The letter, so far as we are aware, was not brought before the Board at its meeting open to the Press. We are quite ready to agree with the recommendation of Mr. Justice Boucaut as to the advisability of not publishing in the public prints reports which Government officers may be called upon to make with regard to their subordinates or those with whom they may have to deal; but we only agree with such a course upou the distinct understanding that a copy of the report shall in all cases be sent to those whom it may affect. It would be utterly unjust that opportunity should be given to take away a man's character or injure his reputation without allowing him the chance of replying to anything that may be said against him. But, provided that what we suggest is done, we believe it would be very desisableto keep reports of the character we have indicated out of the papers. At the same time the Board should remember that discretion may be carried too far in withholding from the Press letters that may be received from others than tkeir officers. F EATS in telegraphy, we note are duly chronicied in our contemporaries. We don't like to by left behind. Last week a gentleman telegraphed from Adelaide Chief Office to the Semaphore. The message was delivered in the extraordinary short space of one hour and three quarters, including a five minutes' walk. We recommend this special case to the notice of Mr. Todd ; but we do not wish him to take into account the fact that the message was entirely useless when it did come to hand. AS the attention of the Police and Public H Health Board been called to a house occupied by Chinamen in the Beulah Road, Norwood r If so, are they content that some score or score-and-a-half of these unwashed heathen should live in one small dwelling; that they should have Sunday corroborees; and that they should annoy the neighbours by unseemly conduct? We do not vouch for the whole truth of the statements reaching us, but for enough to warrant this enquiry. E call by request, attention to Mr. Pizey's W advertisement of his Magill buildingstone. This gentleman has for a long while labored hard to induce the use of the stone procurable in the colony—alleged to be in every way equal to that imported at enormous cost from Sydney; and we wish him success in his effort. He is now engaged in driving a considerable depth into the face of the quarry, w ith the purpose of throwing out by a monstrous charge a mass of 20,000 tons of stone, and at the depth to which he is penetrating he anticipates obtaining a class of building stone which shall put the stone-importation business at a discount. His view is to compete for the supply of stone to be used in the erection of the proposed new Parliament Houses. THE evangelical sentiment which the Rev. •1 Peter Campbell assumed to have in such large stock when, as " Bush " Missionary, he honored Adelaide with such a long residence, seems to have oozed out through the pores of his fingers. The few poor complimentarj notices we have been able to give this wonderful itinerant and " voluntary" have been repaid by grossly vituperative letters; and the last (not yet opened) lies on our desk, addressed libellously and illogically. The inscription covers the face of the envelope, and contains an allusion to bitter aloes and concentrated vinegar, which seem to have affected poor Peter's biliary system. We hope the subscriptions to the " bush " mission, to the itinerancy, and to the voluntaryism are coming in sufficiently well to enable our revered friend to get out another edition of valuable testimonials. If he should want one of a recent date, we don't mind straining a point to be courteous to so excellent and finespirited a man. His " bush " mission appears to have been conducted in Melbourne now for some time past, judging by postmarks; and we should imagine the reverend gentleman must be getting in fine fettle for another missionary trip to—well, not the "bush" exactly, but to some benevolent centre of operations. Y the way, if any of our readers are inclined B to issue a new edition of a Polite letterwriter for the use of very young persons, or those who have a natural tendency to imbecility, we shall be prepared to hand over the former letters of the Rev. Peter Campbell to them for their use. We are quite sure that the character they would give to the work would ensure an enormous demand. S AYS Truth, of March 2nd.—/'What a falling-off is here! In the London Gazette of last week, there is the following announcement under the head of Bankrupts:—Huggins, Horatio James, Hermes-Hill, Rising-Nillstreet, Pentonville, and Hornsey-park-road, Hornsey, formerly Chief Justice of Sierra Leone, now or lately carrying on business with William Whitfield Horner, as a manufacturer of bottle-washing machines !" GAIN I extract the following from the A Times of March 29, 1832.—"I wonder whether this is the present estimate of a Tory entertained by that journal. We pity a man for Jbeing a Tory in these times. He is a poor creature that the march of events has left behind ; a duck-legged drummer-boy, who cannot keep up with his regiment. He is a being of a bygone age, singing an old song, telling a forgotten tale. His mind is hung with cobwebs; he is the preterplupertect tense of politics; an extract from the lumber-room where we have long since thrown our ghost's witches, and alchemists !" ND Truth again :—" From the Supplementary estimates which were voted A in the small hours last week, it appears that the trial of Mr. Parnell and the traversers cost £19,000 ; stationery for India cost £20,000, £9,000 went for Lord Dufferin's " outfit " at Constantinople, and £45,000 for the formation of the Land Court. The Irish Constabulary vote, which used to be under a millionnow amounts to £1,309,000, an excess of £116,000 over the vote of last year. The proceedings against the various bribers appear to have cost £18,000. " Who would not be an English tax-payer. N" some dens of ill-repute in cities of I good repute infant life is not held to be of great value. Mary Casey resident in a house of ill fame, had a fine boy a month old. She deliberately smothered the child by putting her arm over its face, replying to remonstrance—" Mind your own business its my child, and I can do what I like with it." A few minutes afterwards the child was dead, and the mother threatened that " her man " should smash in the face of a companion who informed the Police of this act of deliberate infanticide. O UT of the present political chaos in Victoria, it is somewhat difficult to predict what order of things will be evolved. No student of Victorian politics will be prepared to dispute that the present motley crew who are invested with the reinB of power, are the weakest and most incongruous conglomeration of political atoms that ever yet occupied the Treasury benches of that colony. This fact being abundantlj recognized throughout the colony as well as by Parliament, it might be thought that as a matter of course the expulsion of the present Ministry from office would be the very first act of Parliament. But there are contravening circumstances which will exercise an influence on the action of Parliament. There is not the slightest doubt that a very heavy bill of impeachment can be brought against the Ministry. Sir Bryan's administration of affairs has by no means been such as to give satisfaction. Looking over the gross treachery by which Sir Bryan scaled the battlements of office, and leaving aside the desirability of awarding a renegrade's punishment to the arch-revolutionist, who secured place and pay by becoming the servile tool of the Conservative party, there is still a pretty formidable indictment against the Premier. His evident inclination to tamper with the Eduction Act cannot be overlooked; his method of appointing gentlemen to the honorary magisterial ranks must challenge hostile criticism ; and his readiness to carryout the behests of the Conservative, and facilitate as far as he has the power, the acquirements of the public estate must earn him the steadfast opposition of every Liberal in the colony. HEN Sir Bryan's colleagues are not a T scource of strength to the cabinet. Look at the Hon, Thomas Bent for instance, a gentleman who is always indulging in some eccentric escapade more in keeping with the character of a priz3 fighter than of a Minister of the Crown. Besides that, his disgusting boorishness is not Mr. Bent's only fault. His maladministeration of the affairs of the department that he has endeavored to conduct upon commercial principles, is notorious, and the fame of his management has spread to other shores. It is uncertain whether Sir Bryan would be prepared to sacrifice his Minister of Railways, or whether his ideas of honor are such as would lead him to display greater loyalty to a colleague, than to a party ; but, however, that may be the presence of such a Minister as Mr. Bent would be sufficient to condemn any Government. In addition to this Mr. Young's ministerial career cannot be regarded as sans reproclie. UT notwthstanding all that may be brought B forward against Sir Bryan O'Loghlen's Ministry it still seemed as we have said, questionable whether its position would be immediately challenged. In the first place, the present condition of political parties in the House must be taken into consideration. The Liberal party has been materially weakened by defections and dafeats. It is still, however, too powerful for the Conservatives, who will dread its resumption of power, and rather than run any risk of it will be prepared to continue their support to a Ministry which they hold in contempt, but which follows their bidding with at least a fair amount of obedience. Then there is another circumstance to be considered. The noble Marquis of Normanby is a Conservative partisan. Captain J. W. Smith's dislike of trial by a jury of his countrymen is not more intense than is the dislike of the Marquis towards the Liberal party in Victoria; and rather than see Sir Bryan ejected from office to make place for a Liberal Government, there is very little doubt that he would set aside all rules of Constitutional Government and grant him a dissolution. With those circumstances acting in his favor it is quite within the bounds of possibility that Sir Bryan may be able to safely steer his Ministry through the present session of Parliament. HYSIOGNOMY speaks well of Mr. P Benjamin Judkins. Professor liice delineated his character at Garner's Theatro (where by-the-by he is meeting with great success) on Eridny night. Morally, at least Mr. Judkins' traits were portrayed in flattering colors. There was a suggestion of a warp of mind from having suffered somo severe persecution. This must have been very gratifying to Mr. Judkins especially when lie was declared to be a very eligible person for a Justice o£ tbe Peace. But Mr. Judkins' pleasure must have been somewhat damped by the flattering character which was given on the previous evening,ot the head of his " engines of oppression, Mr Commissioner Peterswald. IEWING all the collateral circumstances V we have alluded to, we think that the only danger to Sir. Bryan is in the formation of a coalition. If Mr. Berry's attack is to be only supported by his own immediate party it will probably not succeed in dislodging the Ministry from the entrenchments of ottice But as we have previously hinted a coalition between Messrs. Berry and Francis is by no means an improbability. Mr. Francis is too Liberal in his creed to be an acceptable leader to the self styled "law and order" party, and yet wherever he throws in his lot he will carry some following with him. The accession of force which he would bring with lum to the Liberal side would render the over- throw of the Government a matter of little difficulty, but even with Mr. Francis to leaven the team, a Liberal government would be decidedly distasteful to the Governor, and he will do what he can to prevent such a consummation. With a dissolution held ™ terrorem over the members, it is quite possible that even a coalition might not accomplish the ejection of the Ministry. Supposing, however, that the attempt is successful, and a coalition should be formed, there seems to be a great probability of the fiery republican, and revolutionary baronet actually becoming the chief of the " constitutional" party, the champion of " law and order." I N whose manly bosom does the national heart of England palpitate ? Is it only in that of the worthy editor of the Advertiser? The feelings of that writer are apparently becoming too strong to be kept under restraint. That this is so is not at all incomprehensible. Of course it is universally known, past all thought of dispute, that the effusions of the same" gifted writer have completely turned the current of Victorian politics. The influence which the junior Adelaide daily exercises over political feeling in Victoria is immense ; and it really seems inconceivable that the "people" of England, who must of course be entirely with our contemporaiy, should be unable to emancipate themselves from the deeradcd condition into which they have been draped by that arch-foe of his country (in whom Berry is out- Berryed) William Ewart Gladstone. However, portentous charges are at hand: the Advertiser has this morning discharged a thunderbolt whose influence must shake the whole civilized world, if not the whole material universe. Our contemporary writes thus:— The true Englishman feels that lie is now under a Government that outrages national sentiment, acts unworthily of a glorious national history, tramples under foot cherished national traditions and association* and with dastard hand drags the nation s Hag through the mire of humiliation, defeat and disgrace. How can there be a truly British song without a line rvnressive of scorn and indignation against such a Government? There lias been much Gladstoman cant recently .in England about the national conscience : hut the national heart has been depressed by slmme and disaster. We may expect, after this, immediate telegraphic intelligence of the resignation of England's great enemy. OULD it not be advantageous if the W worthy Truant Inspector connected with the l'ublic School system could be invested with some glasses that would enable him to see a little further into tiie immense field of labor which is open to one of his undoubted energies, and conscientious regard for his duties? It would not require a pair of Sam Weller's proverbial " double million magnifyin^ i*as microscopes of liextra power," to bring within the range of vision some rather striking anomalies in the present system of supervision. With respect to those children who attend school, tbe I nspcctor's vigilance is most praiseworthy- But there is a numerous tribe of street Arabs whom it is to be sadly feared escape his notice altogether. These little bare-looted and ragged pariahs, who are to met with often enough, are the very ones who should be demand the largest share of attention, •uid it is to be hoped that the Inspector will b,- iijle to discover means by which he will be enabled to bring them within the range of his operations. rpHliRE is another noticeable feature ill 1 connection with the present system of truant inspection which deserves attention. When a child is absent from school a cerain number of days, the officer calls upon Ins M iivnis for an explanation. The parent is ili-n summoned to appear before the Local Jiu-ir.l and repeat his explanation, 110 matter Nav satisfactory that explanation may be, Now this s an utterly unnecessary provision The '.llicer and ihe Board should study e. m-iv some discretionary power as to ^aether it is requisite that the parent of the child bliould b-> required to attend. Several cases have come under our notice where the nature (of the explanation, and the circumstances of the parents were such as to render absurd any idea of their neglecting to give the child an education at least up to the standard. In such cases it is useless that the parent should be called upon to appear before the Board after furnishing a report to the Inspector. At the most we think that in a large number of cases all requirements would be met by notifying the parent that he (or she) may appear before the Board, it desirous of doing so, to make any explanation. Tfrc old notion of casing up Kings and T other valuable persons seems to be fully warranted by the state o£ as affecting the Czar and llothschild. Ihe position of the latter was know to be one of incessant anxiety; aud the easy kmdot life the former leads is thus illustrated by Puck. The Emperor sits in an ironplated room, the door of which is treble padlocked. Two Cossacks fully armed and in uniform stand on guard, aud the following conversation takes place. Petcovitsehky. said the Czar to his trusted confidential servant: 'has the guard been doubled around my library ?' . ... , , „ . Yes, your Majesty, replied the faithful l'cleovitschkv. Have the artillerists been up to test the iron plating ? Yes, Mighty lluler. lias the last mine been filled up I Yes, Supremo. Highness. Is the bomb-tester working'! Yes. Unlimited Potency. Is my iron-chest protector hanging in a convenient place Yes, 1 Serene lllustriousness. .,. 4 And lrvc your clothes been searched for Nihilist documents ? Yes. Paternal Beneficence. . Then, said the Great Czar meditatively : I think I'll ,r 0 in and write my note of condolence to the President of the United States ; and offer him the loa:i of one of my tin overcoats. The latest telegrams inform us that the American millionaire and railway king is now being made to take part in infernalmachine practice. In the first trial the machine exploded prematurely in the post ba<i. T HE Treasurer, the Hon. L. Glyde is perfectly satisfied of Professor Rice's as a mind reader. power It is a pity that that power does not appear to extend beyond tangible material objects. What a source of relief would it be to some unfortunate Benedicts had the Professor the power to enable them to discover their wife's affections. And what a useful work would be accomplished could the Professor discover for the public the Ministerial policy. " 