CHAPTET?. VI. THE house f?as crammed, and Theodora looked at the packed rows of faces before her, a quiet, steady ttot over the house, up to Bessie's place. > ' Bessie alwajs expected that look/and w itfcd for it; she told the gentlemen so, and'they, too, -watched and -waited. ... Dave's brother was much like him in appearance, only sunburnt and more strongly built. Mr. Eostin -was there, and Dave sitting beside Bessie; but Theodora's glance swept over and past them, resting steadily on Hugh's Queensland friend who, at that instant was standing straight, and tall behind, Bessie. She did not mean to look at him more than at the others; it was usual for her to look there at Bessie, and, knowing the visitors were with her, she | naturally looked for them, too; but, look ing,^she saw only one face. A dark, proud face"with long, drooping moustache; eyeB large,, dark, and haughtily inquisitive met that flash from hers. > Eyefc are not conventional, they wait for no introduction, but flash out recognitions broadcast, and acknowledge kinships with beings whose names may never be known., So it is said of them. With her -usual earnestness and en thusiasm, Theodora gave her reading. Everything was just the same-Bessie was before her, beaming and smiling; Mr. Eostin, with kind encouragement and fatherly interest, watched as was his wont; all the hundreds of hungry-eyed, expectant faces were as usual, but she cared nothing for them. That one face that looked down at her over Bessie's fair head stirred her, and she wanted to look up again. Obedient to this unusual prompting, she did so. Once, in a quiet* thrilling pause, when a pulseless silence was through and all over the house, she swept an upward glacce to the dark face that watched her like the others-still and expectant, but with aroused energy and interest in those proudly-drooped eyes. Daring the interval he listened. He knew Mrs. Campion would talk, and that Hugh would ask her questions. " Yes, her real name is Theodora Yail. Theodora is too stiff and heathenish a name for me, so I call her Pansy. Her uncle always called her so, on account of her eyes." He smiled approvingly under his long moustache as he remembered the velvety softness and dark purple colouring which that upward glance showed, and decided that they were the most wonderful eyeB that he had'ever seen. . , Pale, save for a faint tinge that excite ment had worked into her cheeks, and etanding beside Bessie as shri&kingly; and shyly modest as though no crowd ot men and women had just hung breathlessly on every word, as it left her lips, Maurice Sutherland met her on the Btaira in the glare of the gaslight. Dave Campion introduced them: " My brother, a wild Queensland settler, Pansy, come here for a taste of civilisation, and this is Hugh's friend, Mr. Sutherland, also from Queensland, and on business in Melbourne." They did not say much to each other -eyes had said enough, and Theodora knew by the indefinable sensation that took possession of her, mind and body, that this was the man she was to love. Bessie, always amiable and -kind, made the visit BO agreeable that Hugh and his friend stayed longer than they at first intended. Maurice Sutherland stayed because he was learning to love this gifted, dark-eyed girl, who could talk with him EO earnestly and deeply ., and, as he said to his friend, " It's a new thing to find a girl that can talk j" or, if he asked for music, could play his senses into transport. By her impassioned voice and solemn presence she could hold thousands spell bound, yet not a merry joke of Bessie's ever fell through for want of help from Theodora; she was ever ready to enter into every amusement however trifling, and lend her smiting aid in entertaining. Her happy > laugh at Hugh's raoy bueh stories was a i treat to Bessie, Hugh's were snob stories! .* - . \ Hundreds of them and given with lodiorona imitations and cpiee-Bh»kinga of ooinioal 'JaDg expressions. He was the pet of the boose, and ooaid extend his brawny length on the best coucbes, and bury bis sun burned faoe among Bessie's prize ousbiotis even was at times found with heela on the siodow-sill, smoking his long pipe in th. drawing-room, where Dave's daintie tfoiaretles bad been forbidden. Mr. Boiiti'i spent many evenings with them; when hu came he always took poBseseion of Theodoras she should pour,his tea ont for him, too, The old man liked to see (he Blender hands, fixing the oaps and waiting on him, it reminded him of tbe days at Mrs. Bandal' whero she learned his tea peculiarities. Everything was ao different with Theo dora that she often wondered if she could really be the same girl cf the Garra days and the anxious student of that advent forerunning tha night of woeful failore. She always thought of it whc-n Mr. Bostin came, but he would never let her speak of it. The last night of h6r appearance came, and for this night Maurice Sutherland waited. Bassia told Theodora all Bhe could glean from Dave and Hugh of him and his life. In the privacy of her room, Theodora, brush ing her long gold-brown hair, listened to Bessie, who sewed busily as she talked, tongue and needle keeping a dead heat. " Hugh has known him four years, all the time they've been together in Queens land. Hugh thinks him a fine fallow. He was jilted by a oouc-in at home: he was to have been married to tbe girl when he was iweety-oiie, bui she married someone else, and Hugh eays he has never spoken a dozen times to ar;y one woman since, aud that's fifteen yetWH ago-of course, I mean till now, PanBy. I guessed there was something :like that in his life; he wouldn't be so clever and cynical, if he hadn't hated women and taken to studying. Don't get bo red, dear, you needn't oare about the cousin, that was each a long time ago." , "I'm not tbinkiDg about the cousin, Bessie, I'm thinking bow lonely it will be for ! me, for all of UB, when they go away, and ; Ithot will be to-morrow," " Ob, Pansy, sou're not thinking of poor i Hugh at all, nor of our loneliness, that's all sbatn, you are thinking only of that dark saturnine-looking king of youra, isn't it BO?" The blushes deepened, and she brushed ber hair the oth*r w»y to hide them, as she weekly answered, «. Yes." " Pansy, dear, I don't think you! quite understand the sort of man. he in. Tonr ambitions would have to give, way altogether to his dread'ul pride and he holds suoh «?ratige notions and prejudices, why, dear, he is fall of faults-1" "Bsssis, don't. Ha has none to me. The kiag can do 110 wrong 1" A.6 Le folded the white woollen wrap round" her head and shoulders as they stood for the last time under the gaslight of the stage stairway, Maurice Sutherland looked down at her Bwcet young face and dark upraised eyes and felt that be could not go without telling her. He stooped, his long moustache brushing *he bright hair on her forehead, and whispered: " Tbeadora, could you leave this for me i" " For yon. Maurice, yes." " And, think well, darling, would you ever regret it ?" The glowing face in its fleeoy cowl was laid softly against his coat-shove. " No, beoauee I love you, Maurice." Nestled in her lover's arms and listening to his low voioe and Evowais of love she felt all her refitlesa loBginga and-eager nmbiUons vaniBh into ombiens air, and the worda she had read oamo before her mind in the midst of her happy thoughts, foroing ihemselvcB, as it were, oc her recognition. " Listen, Maurice, I read these words weeks. ago and wondered it they could be true, now I know they are, ' While fame stauds by ub all alono she is an angel' clad in light and strength,, but when love touches her she drops ber sword and fades away ghost-like and ashamed.1" 