SPORTINGS. A trotting match between Mr. O'Reilly Punch and Mr. B. Sayers'e Smuggler will take place on the Old Adelaide Race-<*> course this afternoon, at 4 o'clock. We perceive by the Melbourne Sporttnum that the three great athletic champions of the mhiUi lave rained a quarrel amongst them thai may loud to a, tourney in the price ring for a good round sum of money. It appears tbnt W. Miller, the great wrestling athlete, who some time ago gave exhibitions of hiM «kill and strength before the public of Adelaide, assisted at a bene fit about a fortnight since in Mel bourne, and Jem Jlaoe and John Thompson (tlic bookmaker) boxed with him on this occasion. Miller was not quite satisfied with the amount of applause that was accorded him by comraruion with what was bestowed upon the other men, so in order to maintain his reputation he issued a challenge to box any nan in Australia, which ha- been very pi-oniptly taken up liy Mace und Thompson. Alaee, Who in in Sydney, has U-legrsphed to the Kjjortsuutu: —"To Mr. Willinm Miller—l hereby accent your challenge to box you, cither with son gloves or with the naked fists, for any sum from £300 to £2,003 a side, upon a date hereafter to be fired upon by consent of both parties, and in any place or country which may be agreed upon by both you and. myself.—Jem Mace, retired champion of the world." In a letter to the editor Mace says tbat be lias for the last twenty years retired from the P.lt., and is old enough to be Miller's father, and might fairly have been omitted from any such challenge ; tent lie ia confident that be «an satisfy the public and himself that Miller has much to learn in the noble art of self-defence. Jack Thompson has also addressed a letter to the editor oE the same journal, in which after speaking a word or two for the absent Mace, he says :— if Miller wishes to test who is the best man, 1 will give him a chance; you are aware, Mr. Editor, my engagements op the turf axe of a nature which must incur me great toss of time and money if I enter into other lines ofboai nes without suitable conditions, i will box. Miller for £300 aside, half-forfeit, from«ve to six weeks from agreement. [ do uot intend to box at any public place for gate money. I know too well how they terminate. Tfie authorities interfere, and then general dis satisfaction ensues. If Miller will agree to the above, 1 will guarantee to find a private place. Then he can £0 on his merits, keep up his reputation, and win a good stake of. money if he is able. No other conditions than those already stated by me will do. If they do not suit Miller, I do not wish to be troubled any more, and will not pay attention to any farther challenges he may make. In conclusion, I wish to state t have no desire to box anybody. My duty towards my family and business avocations are all I can fairly attend to." Referring to the decent V. A.T.C. Meeting, ••talcan" in the Lead**- says:—"Klevcaout of twelve «ame to the post for the Oakleigh Handicap, which was won by Kins lad, a, three-year-old hy King Cole from Miss Alfred, and Hi-caad to him was Crystal, belonging to Sir. B. Cotemau, the name owner, with. bw?naixk third. This was a splendid contest, the whole fleet being together throughout the race, a head only dividing the two first horses, with the remainder all round fthem. Wood* lands did. not run well, and Pawnbroker broke down. .Zambesi would seem to have lost all form, nothing but his innate sameness brings ing him home. He may struggle once moiia to the front, but uot until he receives some greater indulgence from the handiapper with his breeding he should be valuable «s a stud horse." Pawnbroker broke down mo badly that it is not expected he will rage again. She remark has been frequently made of remarks "Augur," of die AMtlnUatkut, Ana certainly thefactthatthelast three meetuugiaE any important—namely, the Victorian dob, the G«'lon£ fiacing Club, and the Victorian Amateur Turf Club—have been saved from absolute loss by the money received bus celling races, gives a strong support to the statement. When such an excellent after noon's sport as ens offered to the public at Caulneldon Saturday last was neglected for the leas exciting amusements of the regatta, and the old English fair, we may fairly con clude that the many bad days the backers of horses have had this season are at last begin ning to telL At the V.A-T.C. Meeting a complaint was made to the secretary that m welsher was pursuing his nefarious a vocations in the waddling paddock. The man was at once brought before the stewards, when it vias shown that he was an old offender. He ?as promptly turned off the course. Two or three other well-known welsher* were on the ground, but as their victims, with mistaken leniency, did not complain to the secretary they were not interfered with. Turf transactions have been very limited during the week, says the Ltwhr, most of the ring being absent iv Tasmania. Suwar row remains first favorite for the Australian Cup, with Sauntcrer at his heels: and Aspen is still in most request for the Newmarket Handicap. Australian Cup.—loo to 10 agst. Sawarrow (off.; lOOtofltk.); 100 to S Sauntcrer (tk. and off.); Wtto S First Water (off.); 100 toS Hesperian (off.); 100 to 6 Royal Maid (off.); 100 to 7 Bosworth (oil). Newmarket Handicap.—loo to 7 agst. Aspen {oft. ); 100 to 3 Cremorne (off. I; 103 to 5 Verdure {off.); 100 to 5 Surrey (oft); 109 to iSSir Joseph (off.); 100to5Tumult (off.); 103 to ."> Larpent (off.); 30 to 5 Ghost (off.). Cup and Scwniarket—l ,<*W to sto 1,003 to 10 double. Leger and Cup—l,ooo to 1 offered on field double. Launceston Cup—6 to 4 agst. Stockwell (tk.); 4to 1 offered others. The result of the running for the English Waterloo Cup has readied us, by which it seems that Captain EUis'a Snowdrift beat the Earl of Haddington's Hornpipe in die final course, and won the stake. 