,MYIOUNTAIN: REGULATORS. , r ,COL. (nOllntqe., d HIm)IO , Nl. [v tirato introdudtiodn to tho Itogulatore wasi romantic, and decidcdly dime novolish. Although I,had Iad. considerable.experieni e iu, mountain;work, -my; acquaintances were; chliifly ' moonshincri." I had heard much about the strength of the now vigilante order, but , gavo little crdence i to the marvellous stories that were told respecting the solidity, reslsectability, and discipline of that famous mobocracy which has ruled mountain Ken tucky~for the past four years with an iron hand;--which has committed many outrages, niade many mistakes, but, withal, rendered the nmountain counties safe to*live, in, and driven out the desperadoes and outlaws. The agent for my divison, early in the month of Juno, 1878, sent me on a mission of importance into one of the rich blue grass counties, which county, by the way, boasts of more pretty women, fast horses, fat Dur hanms, and fine whiskey, than any spot of like size in the world. lReliable information had been received at the headquarters'of the Se cret Service in Washington City, that an ex tensive'gang oef colmterfeiters lad 'opened a' rTu'nitot ifar fki thtt'riio o s Bluloo"Lick Spring, and were manufacturing at whole sale, the most dangerous character of " queer" money. ..The rendezvous of the sang was not definitely located, and I was detailed to "spot" their hiding-place, Accordingly, I went out on lhi Kentucky Central Railroad,.to the little town from which Iwas to make a start; procured a Ihorse, and rode leisurely through the town into the open country. It was four o'clockliin the afternoon,' as I left the hotel. Reaching the! bordero of the town, I spurred my horse into a gallop and :turned into the first road I came to, running in tile direction of the setting sun. ,I- had a ,theory-which afterwards' proved, a true ono-that tle gang. were located in an isolated and heavily tim licred belt 'of country, ,running; from the borders of the, blue.grass' lands out into the barren ridges ofi Robertson .County.: I was thoroughly posted respecting:thoroads, was provided with :a good. post-road,map and a pocket compass, and had' no fears of losing myself.:." . .a : . .. : Aloweriog sky indicated a possible storm. By, 9 o'clock a, heavy cloud swept across the canopy of starst overhead, and shut oht the feeble light of the young moon. There was a distant :rumble, of.thunder, and.the south, western sky ,was illuminated by livid gashes of, electric fire.' A few pattering rain-drops warned me that tholstorm, was close at hand, and I discoveredithat in. the hurry of, dopar. ture a; had neglected to bring my gum coat. and leggings. I did not fancy a wetting,.and began to look about me for a place of sahelter. The night .had. grown intensely dark, ando' solid wall of black encompassed me on every 'hand. . This gloom was occasionally pierced 'by a flash of lightning,- enabling me to see objects close at hand. ' A particularly.vivid flash, just as the rain began to fall in earnest, brought out, in .full relief, on.tho right hand' 'side.of the road, -the outlines of .angloomy looking stone building, the front of which was thicldy covered with ivy, clinging in' tangled masses fiom, theo.ground to the tops of the dormer windows. I pulled up my horse and waited for another flash.: It came, and. saw that the. stone pile .was a ruin, arid uninha. bited. 'I had :hoped for a hospitable 'farm mansion, a warm supper, and .a comfortable bed, but tihe rapidly falling rain did not admit of indecision. Dismounting, I' led my horse through.the gate,rwhielh I found after much groping,: and. guided 'him .through, an open doorway into one of:the rooms .of the stone ruin.: ?. . - ' Lighting a'little pocketlantern, which I al= ways carried, I looked about:, me. The room' in which I found myself was bare and without floor. I did not notice at the time that it liad been used as a stable before. : The floor above was intact, and I was glad to got shelter from the rain, which was now descending in tor. rents. lRemoving the 'saddle, I tethered my horse to a projecting hook in one comrner of the room and started about on a tour of explorn tion. 'There were eight rooms on the ground floor, all spacious and in ruins. "A broad hall-way bisected the house, at the far end of. which a dilapidated stairway led to the upper story. The rooms on'. the second floor were in a' better state of preservation, and' one could not help being impressed 'with the idea that the mansion must at one time have been a noble pilo. Two or three of the rooms con tained odd pieces of furniture, once rich and 'costly. .In one of the best furnished rooms I determined to take uprmynbods for the night. Some shreds of carpet clung to the floor, the walls were hung with faded tapestry, and the glassless windows were lprotected by 'heavy 'oaken - shutters,: fantastically carved and brightly polished. A ponderous sofa, covered with decaying haircloth, occupied one corner of the room.' I dragged it out to the fire-place; 'brushed away.the dust, started a blaze on the hearth, and,lighting. my pipe, stretched out at full length on the sofa, to wonder at my strnnge situation,' and marvel, between the whifts of smoke, over the cause of the ruined grandeur around mne. I have neglected to sk?y that I- had had no sleep the night before, and the stillness of. thlis 'old house, broken only by the patter of the rain, and soughing of the wind among the 'trees, acted -on tired nature with lsopotlc effect. 'A dozen times I annk.into a doze,' to 'be aroused by a crash of thunder. Finally, the storm abated and the thunder died away in angry and fast receding growls. "eThe fire burned down on'r the hearth;: arid: weird shadows 'crept intod the corners: of the room. A strange hush fell upon the house, the pipe 'slipped'from my grasp and I fell into a pro found sleep. ; ... .. " , How long I slept 1 do not kiow, but I awoke finally out of- astroubled dream; to fihnd the room brightlyrilluminated and crowded with strange fantastic figures.: !Fitting climax'to my dream I; I started up 'arid stared about me with wondering eyes.,':Beforo I could ox :iriess sy astosiishment one of the figUres ad ?ressed me, and,' in spite of theo'munlled vofee and feigned accent, I thought I recognised the familiar tones of my old friend, Lance Worth ington. ' :! ' The figuro.was clad in a long, flowing robe of' white, .which shrouded' it fromt head to fdot.!,. Tho: head-piece of' the mask was pierced with holhs for eyes, nose, and'month. Tihe otlhers were similarly disguised, and I could almost 'fancy myself 'at'" the secret iiecting of some knightly order in the Feudal Ago. -" "' "Youi need not bo alarmed,' '.said the dshrouded' figure:' " Yoi are among' friends, coloinel. d Womean you nio harm, and we do not intend that you shall do us any harm. You are surrounded by Roeguliators. If' you 'are'ono.of us, miak yourself known. If not 'a meomber'of the order, our High' 'Priest will administer the oathliof allegianed, and soon make 'oz'dnu." .'m' You1ncda.nt disguise ygoc i oicfbor I recogniss yoi," smid I, 'reeovdrinug 'y self posseossion...:Ybun ar Laince---"". ,, " Stoli" '?interrupted a dozon' vboices, and I sasrW the gleam of a dozedn pistol barrels utider the folds of tho Whlite'shrouds. ' " Yos' will consult your own isafety and know no one hemre," said a tall feollow standing at the foot of thossofa. I saw that his pistol covered guy heart, and was silent. S"'Tou may think this an idle masquerade, Iut I iissure you it is th r~iversoe," said the figure which I thought Lanse Wortlhington. "We arsRtogulators, and have met for busi ness." 'Wcllh?" I interrogated rather tauntingly. W' j e" ~oorfetly understand that you are osee by ccidecnt, and have no intention of 'spying on our actions. Nevertheless, self sreeeriation is thie first laws of nIature, oand ;on moust join Oir order." " Suppose I object to such forced member arup l" I ventured, anil loolel aboiti for min pistols. , ., , ' They wiergoncl': :gni "The order, deals vigorously with 41l who'. disobey its commands I! cried a muffledvoice in my, ear. . ,-..' .I.,r.v I, " You do not mean--!'. I 'cried, sthrting". "Be quiet, old .fellow,!' interrupted' the: voice which I' rcognised as Lan'coWorthiig: ton's. : "Let me advise you Thiis housein which you have takenlshelter is lthe ?sometime ren: dezvous of one of 'tho stron?'est:llegultur lodgesin the State. We' nanomer 250 me. bers, and nearly all arepresent to-night. We are all armed, and your pistols are in our poossession. 'This meeting is accidental, but the rules of the order are imperative, and you must becomd one of us." "Suppose I refuse? ""I said. ".Then you must suffer the'~lenalty of con tempt " erioedtheoveilSl_Ilgureat t fp, o t.L he thle' sofa. "And that?" - "Death ! " cried a chorns of voices. "Gentlemen," said I, beginning to take a serious view of the matter, "I am opposed to. your order and have so expressed nyself. a hundred times. If you force me to take any oath I shall not consider it binding, for I take it under protest." '. : " He who is once a Regulator is always a Ilegulator," wailed the otll'Iigure at the foot of the sofa. '" "You' will never- betrhy; theoa secrets'of the order." : ' " "Well, 'then," .said 'I: risig: to'sfiiy fet," "since Iam forced'to this thing, go 'healud. "Lot the High Priest ndmisistertlio oath?"' said the voice in my rear, and the tall figure ati the foot of the sofa stupped forw;ard "' ' ,'! Hold up your right hand I " commnanded the High Priest. ,''".-,, "" : I did so, and slowly repeated the oath which bound me to secrecy, which obligated rio in a. hundred different ways, and which'oath'I faithfully kept until iregularly released.' After' " the ceremony wias over, several 'of the figures unmasked and disclosed old frindsof 'mine. I was not deceived as to Lance Worthington's' voice, and hoe was the first to congratulate me" as a brother Regulator. In the course of our conversation: lia told me that the ruined house, in'"which' wo'evwere assembled, was the scene of a terrible murder: years ago, and had the' reputation of beiing' haunted by the ghost dof the murdered 'iman. It had not been occupied for years,' and' the Regulators had taken advantage ofIthe super-. stitious legends connected 'witlh thei pile' arid transformed it into a place of 'rendezious. - They'had :no fear of 'interlopers here.'' He~'l 'told me.that horse and cattle stealing 'was so - common in the county, that it was necessary' to organiso some sort of:association for proe' teetion. They had accordingly aMid' thoni selves' to the now "vigilante" brder, which had been so successful in breaking up crime, and organized themselves -into' a lodge of Regulators. ' The captain .of' the lodge was one of:the'owealthiest younig stock-raiseri in Kentucky;,'nnd the members were from the best families'in the'State. "' " We have' an important and paiciful duty; to perform to-night," ho'niaid in conclusion, " "and you can accompany us or not, as you chooe?'. :'.:' " :"' " I pleaded business; and declined.: : SI"kiiow what you am a'fto;, I think," h?' 'said quickly; "and you wilt 'riideo with Us to-: night, add-after our hbfsiii-s ds.oer7-go. honed with nie, Iwill visit lod:'iA manin my employ has been "approaclhed iindiretly by thu parties you aire after, and hoe knows enough' of their movements to put'you on tleir track'. lHe is an honest fellow; and has already taken me? into "his' confidence,' 'Now; ride with us to-night, and I will ride.with you to-morrow - night."- - . To make a Idng story sh~ort, I finlly nagreed.'. to niake my first trip as a Regulitor, and was provided with a shroud similar to those worn, by the other niembers of. the lodge. When I 'went'dowbn to my horse,I found him aiiisilarly. disguised, and 'could not heclp'smilinig at his weird and uncanny appearance.. " You will naswer to thi? number~.twbo'.hun dred and fifty'three !" said the captain fltho, lodge, as I was mounting. " We are. known only by numbers when'twe a art.work." \Ye rode in thi dirdctioei in wllich'I had. - come, four abreast, 'and the long line of white-," robed spectres, moving along s?wift:yl and,, silently, were enougli to 'inspire, terror in thu, heart of the bravest man, had.o we canced to' meet one 'during' sur? ourney... I letrned. aftervards that,'had we met any person, they would have been forced to take tihe oath. An hourn passed in 'this way,.and ws wero fast ncaring the shire town of the county., I,iecol. ldcted that I nmew nothing of the object o,, this midnight 'ride, and asked iny right hand companion for information. "E-hl " he whispered, "you will esd. We are nearly ther. ... , To my dying day.I will not forget the dual tracedy enacted.- that night by order ,et Julgo 3ynch I" ' A horribloemuicr had been comnitted a few months before in the county. The motive, adulterous lust. ,A'wife and her pamluour were' arrested, chlina d with the'; murder of a husbnd and friendl. They were intelligent, their social position was a high one, and wealth 'in abundarice was at their 'coninuand.. In spite of popular.indignation against'the murderers, and strong circumstan tial evidence connecting them with the crime, it was very 'probable that thile law-which is not alwaysjostico-through some teclmicality, ewould free the evidently guilty pair, to enjy' undisturbed, their blood-stained lust. Tie case was laid before the Regulators and they gave it a fair and impartial trial. Every ilitigating circumstance in favour of the innocence of the accused persons was carefully considered. When the fatal ballot was cast at the cloc of the iv1s tigatioil there was no merciful "ewhite bal" dropped into the box, and Judge Lynch had pronounced sentence of death. It is needless to prolong this article by describing that night's work. It is a mattcr of history, and the verdict of the world, after the first shock of horror passed, was " Served them rightl " Executions, be they legal, illegal, or semi-legal, have a painful and horrid similarity. A jail was surrounded by masked nicn, the jailer forced at the muzzle of a dozen pistols, to give up the keys, a man and woman, whoso hands were stained with the blood of a fellow-creature, were aroused [rom dreams of possible liberty; a confes.lion of guilt was made by both, they were told of the ato in' store for them; a few minlutes' time was given them to prepare for that final arraignment bgfore the bar of a just God, and in spite of the ,robs and prayers for mercy, and cries and lamentationsl, were "banged by the neck until dead." It was stern and terrible punishment. "A life for a life I" At the edge of the town thile lodge flispersed, thoie:masks and shrouds were iclremovcd, and each man sought his Ilhouel by thle nearest andi most direct road. 1 aecomianicced my friend Lance Worthincgton, land we wee ie inll bed beforem sunrise. Neithell' slp.,e of thle occnr rence of the night, and bothl Iricd to forget it in sleep, but it w'as lllay Ik'c 1 Iays bLcefoI', I could drive away the hluidlnlg ftces of those two wreltched beings, oror;:et Ih.- a:ony of their last frantic appeals oer mercy nud life. The nexort day I posseed imyself of infor ontion Whidll warrantllled mlle ill serving out wnrrints against three nIloted coullntcrfeiters before thie nearest United Statces. Commis lioner, and thoenext night, withl theo a'sistance of a pose' of sly nIoewly Illnla bretlrenl, I suo c'cded il overtaking thie "crooks," ii cap tulrillng their t mltcrials, lichiineii, dies andl lllmanufllacltured llmoney, ald lodging thlmni all safely in jail. 