[?] A South Sea Island Story.* The little thin book in large comfortable type which has been just issued from the London press as Mr. H. H. Romiily's firstborn (and it is to be hoped that in this respect he will not have a family of one only) is not a work of fiction, but a short history which is quite as readable. Mr. Bomilly is at present a Deputy Com missioner for the Western Pacific, and is resident at New Britain, but was also for a short time acting as a stipendiary magistrate in Fiji. He then went to see the world at Rotuma, and it is with this place and the less known Wallis Island that his tiny narrative treats; and his leading dramatis persona are a laudanum-drinking sailor, who could not navigate, and a murderer called Tom, who was an Australian half-caste, and whose monkeylike countenance may be seen in the confines of the Suva gaol at the present time. Very little is said about Rotuma, barring a description of the curious ' Split Island ' close by, and of the strange volcanic pit which is on Rotuma itself, and into which Messrs. Romilly and Gordon descended by a long rope, having their senses nearly whirled out of them by the rapid rotatory motion which the rope affected under the circumstances. Very short is the reference to the people and the political condition which led up to their being taken in tow by Great Britain and to the append ing of their distant island to the colony of Fiji. But in that reference the writer repeats an error into which others have fallen before. Alluding to the frequent bickerings and petty wars that distracted the little community on that lonely bit of land, he conveys the idea that these fights were began and continued in the cause of religion — that they were, in fact, religious wars, outbreaks of fanaticism, nursed by sectarianism. Speaking of Rotuma he says : ' Previous to the date of its annexation to Fiji, it had been the scene of fierce intertribal quarrels and religious wars. Life was unsafe and property insecure; and at length the chiefs of the different tribes realised this fact, ' which would never have been acknowledged by the repre sentatives of the antagonistic religious sects.' Now, this latter part of the sentence seems to me a gratuitous assumption. It is anything but flattering to the intelligence of the Roman Catholic .priests on the island or of the Wesleyan missionaries; and I know for a fact that it is untrue. I heard at least one Wes leyan missionary, then resident on Rotuma, say that annexation to Great Britain would be the only paoifica tion of the quarrels on the island. So that, before Mr. Romilly saw the little country, what he said ' would never have been acknowledged by,' &c.;, &c.;, had been duly acknowledged. Then, as to the disturbances being of a religious nature, Mr. R. evidently just re-echoes an error that had for some time been in existence. Superficial observers had made the remark that Roman Catholics were fighting Wesleyans (or vice versa,) and that it was a battle of the two sects. Writers such as Dr. Forbes and newspaper reporters, acting as captains of trading ships, read great and scathing lectures about bigotry and fanaticism ; the old Continental battles of Lutzen and Ivry, and so forth, were dragged in as high-sounding illustrations, and now and then a supercilious sneer would appear about the Chris tianity of these mission churches. But it is confidently asserted, on very competent authority, that the origin of these bickerings amongst the people of Rotuma was not religious but political — that in their continuance not a religious but a political object was in view. Certain chiefs who had become Wesleyans were assailed by a combination of the Roman Catholic portion of the population and the remaining heathen. This coalition formed for some time the opposition to what might be, with a somewhat loose analogy, termed the Govern ment party. Chiefs who were adverse to those in power joined themselves to the Roman Catholic Church, and those who elected to side with those who were the Government party came over to the 'people called Methodists,'' a course of action with which any one resident for long in the South Seas is very familiar. And now because Wesleyans were up in arms against Catholics and heathen, or the latter two coming on to swallow up the former, the whole affair must be termed, forsooth, a religious war ! By parity of reason the Btruggle pro ceeding between the Protestant Government of England and the Roman Catholic Land Leagues of Ireland should be termed a battle of the sects, a Holy War. The Wesleyans, being attacked by the Coalition, beat off their assailants, drove them past their own villages, and, in the usual course of Polynesian warfare* fired the houses, churches and dwellings disappearing together in 10 minutes' time. This was duly represented as a Protestant persecution of Roman Catholicism, with quite as much justice as if the bombardment of Alexandria were held up to scorn as a persecu tion of the Mohammedans, because some mosques or minarets may have suffered from Sir Beauchamp Seymour's guns. It is a duty, as well as a pleasure, to explode a stubborn error and refute a scandal, and it is also a pity to see eo manly and simple-minded a writer as Mr. Romilly evidently helping to per petuate an old misrepresentation. However, Mr. R. soon concentres all interest upon Tom Simpson, who, while in the employ of Six Arthur Gordon, K.O.M.G., goes out at night and chops with a big knife the head of a sleeping man, one of the natives of the place, called Eimuell, dealing the poor fellow such fearful blows that he soon died of them. The writer dwells on the fact that no discoverable motive could be found for the crime. The affair created some unpleasant surmises at the time, and it is somewhat a matter of surprise that anyone should care to revive the matter, even in a little hook. Tom has to be taken to Fiji for trial, and Mr. Romilly accompanies him in the cutter Thistle. They had a sad voyage in this small craft, whose captain could not navigate, and no one else on board could, he having slipped away without the required certificated mate. Samoa was made instead of Wallis Island, the latter being the place they were really bound for. The miseries and privations of a long hot voyage with an ignorant captain, who spent much of his time under the influence of laudanum, and whose name is given in full with the utmost frankness, for the delectation or relatives — he himself having died ' from opium poisoning' shortly after getting to Levuka — are all vividly narrated. And then comesa tittieepisode. The vessel gets to Wallis Island. Tom steals from under the pillow of his sleeping janitor the key of his handcuffs, and setting hie limbs free, 6lips overboard and escapes on shore. This gives Mr. Romilly a * 'A True Story of the Western Pacific in 1879-80,' by Ilugti Hastings Bomilly. Longmans, Green, and Co., London. good deal of trouble, end necessitates sin interview with Queen Lavelua, tbe ostensible ruler of the place. Find. * ing this sovereign to be difficult of access, and learning tbat he bad been tabooed, and that no native dared speak to him in consequence, he adopts a very novel method of gaining the Royal ear. Taking his banjo, be steals at night into the women's house (a place being.bnilt for the unmarried men to sleep in, and a large boose also for the unincumbered women), and to their astonish ment presents himself. A more entire and audacious breach of Polynesion ettiquette and oustom cannot be imagined. He plays bis banjo and rivals the exploits of Amphion ; the excited females leap and dance to.hia music until the hubbub attractsa number of the villagers, who greet' the performance with peals of laughter — and finally carries the R. G. priest, who is addressed, to his chagrin, by the polite words, ' Amusez vous, Monsieur, ici point d'etiquette.' BesuU: An audience with Lavelua. An organised search after Tom, and final capture of him ; and a fair stay on Wallis Island. Fiji is at length reached, alter ad ventures which read like an epitome of a modern Odyssey. The police boat comes alongside the Thistle, and Tom Simpson, who was once an active member of the force, is received by hisquondam colleagues and placed at last in safe cus tody. How glad Mr. Romily must have been to be relieved of a responsibility so novel. Tom is taken back to Rotuma eventually, and the Chief Justice of Fiji, as Judicial Commissioner, and the paraphernalia of law and order go with him to try this ex-constable at the plate where he committed the dastardly offence. . Tom is condemned to death, his sentence is commuted by the High Commissioner, Sir Arthur Gordon, and Tom drops out of eight into gaol life. But now comes the strangest part of the book, and that with which tbe story, in accordance with the rules of art, most appropriately closes. One of the dramatis persona, whom we thought we had done with, appears again upon the 6cene. Appears, indeed, in a very shadowy and altogether incomprehensible manner; bat still he is again ' to the fore.' This is Kimueli, the murdered man, whom Mr. Romilly had seen dying, with his cloven head bound up with green banana leaves, and tied with bandagee of native cloth. An imbecile woman moons about the village, crooning 'Kimueli! Kimueli!' Frightened natives say they have seen the man ' in his own habit as he lived.' The energetic ctief Alipate is afraid to move out at night, and so great is the mental disturbance in the locality that Mr. Romilly and his oolleague, Mr. Allardyce, determine to take some notice of the matter,' and to disabuse the superstitions of the folk by sitting . up at night and watching, just to show that the appa rition is ail a mistake; but to their astonishment (we' won't- say fear and trembling, too) Kimueli does appear ! Mr. Romilly sees him ! Mr. Allardyce sees him ! They have not the least doubt in the world that it is he, and his head is bandaged with the green banana leaves, and tied with the self same knots, the man was in fact in his own habit as he died. The two young gentlemen give chase, the ghostly Kimueli is 'too many for them,' and disappears from the glimpBes of the moon in the thick Rotuman jungle. Mr. Romilly is quite positive as to his facts, says he doesn't believe in ghostB and kindly invites his readers to solve the enigma for themselves. To my own mind occurs the solution that some one has personated the dead Gemuel and scarcely counted on being pursued, as it would have been a most improbable thing that a Rotuman should have had the boldness to. seek a close acquaintance with a disembodied spirit ; bat that the actor, being followed, cleverly managed to hide. If. this be the case, then it is very likely that there is something behind it all, and that there is a secret dissatisfaction with some matter in connection with Kimueli's debth, a something more than has come to general knowledge, and perhaps the native mind considers that full vengeance has not been meted out, and that tho story, like ' the tale of Cam buecan bold,' has been left half told. South Sea Islanders do not speak their minis as Englishmen do, and have queer modes of byplay wherewith to suggest their sentiments, and indicate their deepest feelings. This little book, if obtainable in Sydney, is really well worth reading. In style it is simple, straight forward, manly, a most unpretentious, but all the mora readable narrative by one who does not act the mera compiler, but unaffectedly tells of what he has seen and experienced. There is abundant room for more writings on tbe South Sea life by people who know what they are writing about. Levuka. ^ ^ _ A.. J. W 