t is always au uncongenial task to sub ject the fervid utterances of an impas sioned orator, actuated by the best motives, and speaking in a good cause, to the severe test of reason. Nevertheless we do not think it would be right to let the Bishop's speech in the Town Hall on Saturday last pass by altogether without criticism. Dr. Moorhouse, from his ability, even more than from his important social position, is a man whose words are pon dered by tbe whole community. We have no right to quarrel with him if now and again his conviction.s load him to adopt views different from our own ; and while we have deprecated tho re ligious crusade he haa excited against our schools, we have always beon able to as sume that he was consistent as well as sincere in his motives for action. We cannot feel the same assurance when we read his new theory of prayer with rela tion to the Cresvrick catastropho. Only a few months have passed since Dr. Moorhouse earned the thauks of intelli gent men when he deprecated the super stitious idea that a community might ask God to repair its own neglect of water conservation by upsetting the order of the universe and making rain fall out of season on tho districts that wanted it. We can hardly exaggerate the usefulness of a religious teacher in high place, who popularisos the commonplaces of science among men who have been taugbt in a vague way to believe that a knowledge of God's laws is inconsistent with faith in God. We are proportionally disheart ened when wo see that the Bishop has veered round to the opposite point of the compass. " Do you believe," ho said, at tho Town Hall, " in a living God " who is the Father of us all 1 If " you do you will believe that ho " will answer those prayers " (tli9 prayers of the Creswick miners for their wives and children), " and that he will " use this calamity as a means of ans- "wering them." In other words, the Bishop appears to hold that although prayer cannot affect the course of the seasons or tl)e distribution of rain, it can induce God to modify the characters and direct the impulses of human beings, so as to secure certain results, which would not otherwise havo been at tained. Now there is, of course, a sense in which tbi3 doctrine may be justified. Those who believe as Christians must, that the divine govern ment of tho world is absolutely good, believe that every prayer which it is richt to make has been answered before hand, and that tlio blessing prayed for comes — being right in itself — whether men ask for it or not. Dr. Moorhouse- however, will certainly be understood to mean, and wo think did mean, that tho prayers of tho Creswick miners had a specific influence, and that the large subscriptions which are now being made are in part due to them ; in fact, that God has been moved by these supplications to touch the hearts of the people with a larger sympathy. This theory, we need hardly say, involves half a dozen untenable as sumptions. In the first place we know that this particular catastrophe has ex cited peculiar sympathy on account of its general character, and because during tie space of two days vie were all watching the event and hoping for the imprisoned men. Of the 60 miners \vhoN die by misadventure every year in Vic toria it is reasonable to suppose that 40 at least die with a prayer for wife and children on their lips ; and if the prayer is not answered for them as for the miners at Creswick, it cannot be becauso God distinguishes between individual and collective calamity. It may be said that our knowledge iu this instance of the men's prayers lias quickened the dis position of a great many persons to give liberally. We do not dispute this ; but it does not strengthen the argument for special intervention nnloss we suppose— what Dr. Moorhouscj we think would not adruit- T-tkat the five survivors to whom wo are indebted for the story that has thrilled us all. were miraculously pro- served to be witnesses. Neither does tbis get rid of the difficulty that hun- areas ot men uttuouuteaiy ate praying, whose prayers are never recorded, and whose cases accordingly do not appeal to the special' sympathies of the religious world. The' gravest error of all, how ever,. is the Bishop's tacit assumption that human character is not determined by laiVAas invariable as thoso which govern the' order of the seasons. We can understand an ignorant man pray ing that a fever may . be cured when he would not pray that an ampu tated leg may grow again, and believing that tho springs of will may be moved, while character an.l circumstances are unchanged. But does Dr. Moorhouse think this ? Doos he not know that society has been stirred to its depth, not becauso a fow brave and unselfish men were praying for others without thought of themselves till the shadow of death blotted tbem out, but because nerves that shrink from the sight of suffering have for once been compelled to dwell on a great spectacular effect of death agony. The lesson the Bishop in culcated in April last was that men should help themselves according to their means and intelligence, instead of asking the Deity to suit the scheme of tho universo to their wants. The lesson he seems to inculcate now is that God will interfere to alter the sot of character, aud to makethe covotousliberal on certain dramatic occasions which im press the imagination. Surely the real moral of the calamity was a deeper and grander one. Could not the Bishop havo taught his hearers that society ought to veil its fare in shamo when ever a preveutible accident happens ; whenever the families of strong men are obliged to ask alms from the community; when fashionable philantbropycares more for the single picturesque episode in the annals of the slaughterhouse of labor than for the victims who drop off obscuroly day byday 1 Could he not have told them that the solitary seamstress coughing over the wages that barely protract lifo, or driven to the more horrible death-in-life of the streets, represents a sadder phase of human misery than the single catas trophe of a Hooded mine ! The society which shuts its eyes to the gild's grief, while it throws gold into tho graves of the victims of a special mischance, is not a society which ws can assume to be receiving miraculous enlightenment from Heaven, There is another part of tho Bishop's speech which we confess has jarred on us. " I want the rich to have the " luxury of feeling that as by a corn- " mon calamity our Heavenly Father " has thrown these orphans upon " our generosity, he has like- " wise given us the heart to come " forward and to act for them on " behalf of tho Father of the fatherless." The world appears to be conceived as au amphitheatre, with the wealthy classes seated comfortably around to have their minds purified by passion and pity at the presentation of some great human tragedy by its divine poet. The rich man, giving £100 out of his abundance, is to feel a luxurious glow of benevolent satisfaction, and to render thauks for the Providence which enables him to distil tliB essence of fine feeling out of un counted human suffering. Thore is too much of this artistic optimism in the moral atmosphere. We decline to be lieve that God sent the Creswick cala mity till we are assurod that it did not result from avoidable ignorance, or it may be from criminal negligence. We cannot see that the rich ought to derive any feeling of satisfaction from a state of society in which the assumption is that a working man, dying iu the prime of life, leaves his family unprovided for. We cannot even admit thatagift of super fluous money by tho rich in a single caso that has enlisted fashionable sympathy ought to cause such a thrill of pleasure- able excitement as even an orator could term luxury. We reserve that term for the benefactor who shall strive to go to the root of a social evil, and to make it appreciably less by some real sacri fice of his means, or by some intelli gent reform. No doubt men who try, like Dr. Moorhouse, to use society for the best ends must sometimes trade upon its hysterical impulses for good. What wo deprecate is that these emotional fits, which generally follow and precede long intervals of moral torpor should bo dignified as if they were caused by peculiar inspiration of God. The common sense which proportions its estimate to the facts of life is the real guide wo havo to follow unreservedly, and common sense sweeps away these rhetorical amplifications of isolated facts as no more than tho distortions of a morbid vision. "When men cease to " believe in God they believe iu ghosts," said Novalis. The first step that takes us away from science and common sense takes us towards a confusion that is not the less irreligious becauso some prompt ings of moral feeling, tenderness or regret, may mingle, as in this instance, with the sensuous desire to put away inconvenient thoughts. 