HHm&HNG; WITH ||jn9nuviBUs. IliMlfflffmSiJBHSip a hero-worshipper. HBHMHHMBBBhirteen. he thinks the BBMH|^BHWW,rin.-in history ueed in HH^BHhBB - dull '. but he is .in BgjWl||gMilfMF|fii'lfl delights to spend SHH^mBIS searching out the deeds JBfllgpiliHiJSSBBp, Christopher Columbus fflwffllllfHWWIearl''8 a1ect'on aud bis jBHSMBIfBtHMB1 lie is ever ready to mKBBiWWftiHmW behalf of tho oroat BHH|RBH BhBhB^^B|^1 in a glow of wonder, BHrafjmJnWf learning aud the fore WH||MB perseverance and his HMMj^^B' years of rebuffs pre BwHBBaHHHKt voyage, bis daring in uSnEnHSBwretched equipment, to l|ffl|ffflWIMJBlj|ged to be inhabited by jHi[|P|BilHBand at whose limit, did he j)]gBHfBBg8§3||fand shapeless creatures, MjBMWlffigJBBJIe horribly launched into |ffiH||tBIHwiBMh one knew where ; and jM^MWMBjMia by his father's wonted MHB|ilBHM^mWTiK things in connection fljM|lBBMF|fi§fp use in warfare of blood BSMKaSSlBBSml^s hapless islanders limb |M|HH||iB9sSBL extortions of gold and |HJBMBj|M|jB|ffliiB admiration for Coiura ^B^mBSKurO' from the histories of Bffig|Wmj^»MU of Charlie's reading is nraS^HTCharactcr. His imaginative WIHWffl||ilBHl!B the romantic and the Bftflfflfflrafflritrrr- into the spirit of these HBfiMMBHjlo often is half persuaded ijMjJKBnffifT imli be true ; and he has jtWftflfflWBHKHnns in hia head such as IJflHlmHBnMn could you but know them. jWH||j|jgHJ|tiever in ghosts, and bos MMHBfflMffli' niirn upon the deepest igjggJSJHBQJM&rate.; he ia a boy of ideas ; HHHHHHK)n lose many of the out ll§f|ff»BBBfBMf' them, if he passes nB^BM^^Kperiences like one of fflflfflMS«lHwljP in New York at the HJjBlflHfflHB^Hand the servants were [HShShBHu house on W — street, WB|HB|bHwHW waa sitting in the cozy BBSHaHnlMEr^'''''' allowed to fit up as MjBHBSSTeading, when there came a |MH9BKupon the front door. SSfiffiBsught it strange that whoever it BHnHBSkriug the bell ; but he felt it MMBaHWio what might bo the matter. nHraHHtously went into thc hall nnd HJHHW'!01- ^° wa3 slu'l)r'?el' to sec HMHrl a mar ot^commandins figure WgBgBBS0' with a beard trimmed iuto a M^oe, and with quite long hair. KBiHIKWfo'ar bowed: 'Good evening, roWcmMl request the honor of a brief SHSKHHwith you Y HBM|Miaitated ; but looking once again MJIuHLiger, ho replied somewhat hBb fjMw|ffl|iP, sir. Come in. BBBjg(jjH|va3 closed, and the unknown HBlJMHm. the family sitting room, and SSHHRir. He seated himself at once pMSaHiiB) apeak : UjHUBJUjList you, young sir, with some WBBMH| very delicate and confidential nBHK'so' said Charlie m wonder. ? BJBMfflgf niirl the stranger; and then, in a r: dranifitic, manner he asked, 'Know you '?'? whom you behold ?' ?'.,„, ,. .. '?;„' 'No.Ifearl.don't' said Charlie quite ill _? at ease. .. ,. v 'You see before you none other than 'the ??discoverer of your native land— . ?'« Great Christopher,' gasped Charlie. K 'precisely,' returned the stranger. 'Great Christopher Columbus.' 'But how' -began Charho in amazement. 'You nhall learn all. A young gcntle ' man of your wide reading must have heard I of the Elixir of Life V . .''?'?':. I Charlie nodded assent. . . ? .? 'On my return from tho most auspicious ol inV four great voyases. tho first one, my old friend tbe prior of La Kabida, paid me a ' visit and told md a' wonderful story. Near his ?convent bad lived an alchemist who v,aa ; Imbwh to havo toUed for years in search of I: ? the Philosopher's Stone and tho JUixir. Uo S '' was' on avowed infidel; yet one drtaiy I ' '«lab.t there camo from him a suminoua 9 : to?th'e good imor, whoXpboyed it to find I^tho'mair of research surrounded by his I . ? crueibles arid his. retorts-djring. . He co il(i liSBoarcely spoat; hia lips f^^^Y'111 1 1'' parched as though suddenly bhA^ A'» i*:a whisper ho made known \feffiHy- ?§? ^ I % «bhvic«oii that he had ™fyBBHks ^^\ |i^«f^Life; : also the fact thalW^. J?- I :' iinoment of sucoesfl bis. inuscleSMHH^s. -? B&ahriveUed;'^nd palsied $° ih®mS&L;§'$ Hf'neitlier touch nor taBte the l«*c»JHfflK&. KtHatnofeoaea the prior to a «''f|^^ rafeL'el i'J which was a vory muM 'i»^ffl^m JMmMfe2£ liquid, aud bade him tdNH charging him to give it to tho mnn who should best servo God and Spniu within a year from that time. Then, giving tho prior cer tain instructions nnd aakjng hia blessing thc old alchemist died. ' Tho year had passod when I roturncd to Spain, and tho prior chose me as thu man doserviug of his gift. And he gave mo, in turn, tho instructions given him ; to force mysolf to tako the Elixir when first I could heartily wish myself dead, and to take as many drops of it as I chose, and then to throw tho rest away, knowing that for each drop taken I should lie a contury in the grave ; but at the end of the timo thus measured should become nlivo agaiu, and live forever such a man as I was in the primo of former life. Under any othor eircumstnncos the Elixir was powerless. ' Tho day of disgraco so deep that I longed for death, enmo when the wretched Bobadilla outraged me with chains, and I took three drops of my Elixir and threw the rest away. Years rolled on, and finally I, as the Co lrnnbus of 1470, stole out from tho cathedral of Havana, and, to omit further details, have, Binco then, like tho Wandering Jew — who, by the way, I moot occasionally — drifted about tho wide world. Enough of this ! For the present I am hungry ; for hunger can pain though not destroy me. Can you, young sir givo me something to oat?' Poor Charlie had never been so racked by contending emotions. In his mind fear, doubt, and a sense of the impossibility of it all struggled with a longitig for something wonderful to happen to him and with a con viction of truth which the straight-forward story of the man had given him, nnd with his own private beliefj in regard to tho supernatural. All the while, too, ho had boon closely scanning tlie stranger, and it had steadily grown upon him that his visitor resembled exceedingly closely the Columbus upon the back of the five-dollar bill ! To be sure, he looked younger, and waa somewhat dif ferently clad ; but his story accounted for the former fact, and the latter was to be expected. This deoided Charlie. 15o,' he thought, ' hero is my hero, influenced in sonio strange way to come to one who so greatly rever ences him.' Ho spoke at last in an awe-struck tone ' Yes, sir, you shall bo refreshed.' replying thus to the last question of Columbus. He excused himself in hia most respectful manner, aud hastened to bid thc servants prepare a lunch. ' And,' said tho young host and master of the house, ' be sure aud boil several eggs quite hard.' Soon he and Columbus were seated in the diuiug room beside a well-laid table ; and the latter truly did show a wondnrful ap prcciatiou of the good things before him for one who did not eat to live, aud who, Charlie could not believe, lived to oat. He had, as we have said, decided that his guest was C'oluuilma; but hs had had the eggs boiled in order to use one of tliom in an experiment, which if successful, would put to flight any returning doubts. If this were indeed Columbus, he could surely stand an egg upon end for him, as he had for the jealous courtiers at Mendoza's banquet ; and now, as the materials for his proposed experi ment were rapidly disappearing, Columbus having devoured three of th« four eggs, Charlie drove his courage to tho poiut. 'Mr Columbus,' said he, ' will you be so kind as to stand au egg upon -cud for me ?' 'Certaiuly,' returned Columbus, as he helped himself to the last one. He wiped it carefully with his napkin, and placed it beside his plate ; then to Ihfirlm's rlsfcrniiRhlnnnt:. thin s.iinp rVJtmiliiio wiped his kuife upon the snowy cloth, and balanced it in his hand for an instant. Now, taking the egg between tho thumb and fore finger of his left hand, he waved his knife in the air, aud with a rapid stroke, deftly cut off the point of tho egg, This done, he triumphantly stand ifc upon thc flat under surface thus made, and turned to his youug host. ' You see this is a great improvement upon my e?n trick of 1493. It is neater and ?note graceful, aud allbnls an opportunity of displaying considerable dexterity. But Progress is the watchword of this century, aud, although it took much practice to ao quiro the skill necessary for my now method, I really have not the assurance to palm oil' tho old one upon an indulgent public as something wonderful.' Here he was proceeding to dispose of this last egg in the same manner as lie had the others, when there eamu a ringing at thu door bell A servant wont to answer it. Meanwhile Charlie, astonished jet delighted by the result of his experiment, was preparing to put a number of questions to Uoluinb'us ; but then: arose ;i noise of voices in the hall, and the door of tho dining room was pushed violently open as 11 very frightened girl rushed iu. ' Please. Master Charles, here's Dr V ? from the 'sylum, as says there's an escaped loouatio — ' Just then a man's form appeared iu the doorway. It was a very pleasant voice that spoke : 'Ah, yes. I thought wo might find him here. Come, Columbus, I think we had better go home now.' 'Ves,' replied Columbus quietly, as ho roso from thu table his dignilied and mournful visugo not at all discomposed, lie started for thu hall himself, and quietly accompanied a man whom he found there, out to the carnage which stood iu waiting. '!) Meantime the gentlomau within .introduced himself to Master Charliu as Doctor F ? nf the ' Retreat,' and a friend of Mr. Brooke. He stated that this was one of bis patients, ?i man o£ wealthy family, and sane in evury respect exuept in the belief that he was Christopher Columbus. He was, the doctor naid, familiar with overy known detail of Colnmbus' life, and even studied to appear as much as possible like thu pictures of him which are commonly seen ; but they humored him in all this, and ho was harmless, yet was ever trying to escape from the Retreat. To night he had succeeded, and they had traced him to the Brooke house, glad to find him in good baud a: j 'And I think,1 added Doctor 1?— — with a smile, which Charlie made a weak ellort to return, 'that i can exclaim his coming hero. ' A short time ngo your father paid me ono of his frequent visits, and I told him of this patient, then recently placed under our care. Ho was interested at once, and asked to see poor Columbus ; so wo called upon him, and your lather treated him with deference as I had directed, and also told him of a certain young man, a son of his, who fairly worship ped even the name of Columbus. 'With the often times amazing subtlety of the insane, our friend has treasured up your father's remarks ; nnd hi making inquiries concerning his disappearance tonight I was led to como hero by learning that ho had in a quiet way; asked a kooper a few days ago where Mr Brooke lived.' j Here the doctor, ovulently with nosnspicion of the'truo state of affairs, smiled ugain, and bade Charliu good niuht ; aud as ho uuturod the uurriagi! '' Columbus ' leaned out of the dooiuud fa|;olo lo Clmihe ?Cloud niRht youug an. bliould jou c i'l at my temporary lodging, I might show you a variation of tho egg—' But'Charlio rushed to his room, to closo tho door tightly, nnd tiy to smothor Ins feelings in lna pillow. Mcm^uili fauiidiy egg shells ueiu beinig rtiuovtd fiom the Uuung-ioom table. — Wide A uaLt 