MARY BROWNE. BY L. E. WILTON. CHAPTER XXVIL—(Concluded.) As v c descended the stairs,. I saw that many of the visitors were already preparing for departure. The hall door'was open. Marion hastened to it. There waa a carnage at the foot of the steps, which I at once recognised as Mrs. Chanter's—in fact, she and ner daughter were already seated in it. Mr. Harrop was standing near. When he caught sight of Marion and myself, he hurried to the side of the carriage and said a few words to his niece in a low tone. As he did so, Mr. Graeme advanced along the ha'l» with his hat in his hand. Now, are we all ready ?" he said. . Quite so," said Mr. Harrop, turning quickly towards him ; " you are to acoompany these ladies, please, or rather yon are to accompany the coachman, while, thankfe to the smallness of the vehicle, lam to have the pleasure of walking home with'. Miss Browne." ' - A look of anger crossed Mr. Graeme's face, though no "one but myself appeared to •observe it. " That's rather hard upon Miss Browne," he said, "when she's so weak and ilL Perhaps, Fanny, you would like to accept the escort of your nncle and myself, and give' up your seat to her." . . " I shouldn't like it at all," said that yonhg lady inher pretty pettish way. "Miss Browne isn't iU. If she is, the walk will do hejr good, I should think." Mr. Harrop looked annoyed. " I took the liberty c* before you came upon I ^ You should .have.given me credit for it.' Probably he had done so, but, for some reason which I could only blindly guess at, he was evidently determined that I should not walk home alone with Mr. Harrop. - ^ " Well; if it can't be altered," he said. I? I 7 think IU be of the walking party." " In which case," said Mrs. Chanter, appearing like a stout ghost from the interior of the carriage, "my brother must be of the driving party. It is not my wish to return home unattended." This was decisive. Before I had time to feel anything but surprise at this speech, Mr. Graeme had bowed gravely to the speaker, and mounted the box by the side of the coachman. No doubt it did not take him long to conclude that it would be wisest, ia any case, not to offend Miss Harrop by deserting her fora moonlight walk alone with another young lady; and, more than all, it would be most unwise to offend Mrs. Chanter. With a few hurried adieux, the occupants of the' carriage started on their journey; and with a last good-bye to Marion and her lather, Mr. Harrop and myself commenced our walk. It was a calm, starry night. After a few remarks on its beauty and serenity, my companion lapsed into silence, and 1 walked qn by his side as voiceless as himself. It Was not till we were within sight of " The Laurels" that he spoke again. " Miss Browne,he said suddenly, " I am afraid you find me a very dull escort." ' " Not at all," I answered; " I have been so occupied with my own thoughts that I hardly noticed you were absorbed in youra." " Well, at all events, if you will excuse the past so far as to listen to me, I want n6w to speak to yon." He paused, as if expecting me to say something. " Yes," I said : " of course I listen." " Well, do you remember that on the day you stumbled, upon me, on your.first morning at 'The Laurels,' you promised me that if, daring your residence with my sister, you needed advice or assistance you would come to me?" " Yesj I remember it distinctly." " I wish then to ask you one question. Have yflu forfeited your word i" 1 " On! no, indeed," I said, almost without hesitation. " Why should you think I have done so?" .My dread of further questioning gave force to my speech and manner.' 'Alas for me! He took it to be the force of truth. "1 beg vour pardon," he said, "looking at me intently;' but you seemed ill and unhappy to-day, ana none of us like to see you so. I thought I might be perhaps able to help you in some 'way if I knew what troubled you." " Indeed, you cannot help me in anything," I said firmly. " Do yon think, if you could, that I should so soon forget the goodness that drew from me the promise I gave youf ^ " No," he said, kindly butgravely." I did not imagine you would wilfully break your word; but I feared there was cause for redeeming it, and possibly, through timidity or misjudgment, you had not yet done so. You have a sure mend in Miss Launceston, have yon not?" " Yes," I said; " a sure and steadfast friend." "Then confide in her at all times. You cannot do better. A woman is, for another woman, in most instances a better adviser than a man can be; aud the friend of such a woman as Miss Launceston is indeed favoured." " IB indeed favoured," I repeated bitterly. " Not that I abjure my trust," he went on, in a less serious tone. " You must not think that for a moment." " No," I said; " I don't think it Yon are too kind to do so. I shall never forget how good you have alwaj s been to me." He laughed pleasantly. " Yon are like all women," he said, " in expressing such inordinate gratitude for what is merely worth a common ' thank you.' You will not find me so extremely sensitive if I were promised the chance of a good turn from you. We were at the gate now. Walking up the garden we met Mr. Graeme, smoking. One shaip, quick glance at both of us. "I'm having a pipe, you see," he said, looking full at my companion; "will you join mef' " I don't mind if I do—presently." " Pray stay now," I said; " "I can get in by myself yon know. There is sure to be a servant up for Mrs. Chanter. You can go -round- into the grounds and have -a quiet saunter with Mr. Graeme." " But what am I to smoke ? Won't you allow me to get my pet pipe ? I always have it at night, and no other." ' " Oh, I said,; I didn't understand. I oply thought it a pity to trouble yourself and your latch-key needlessly." He took me safely into the hall, ~Mr. Graeme following us. " Now," be said, " good-night. Get well and strong as soon as you can.'' " I am quite well now, and quite strong." He laughed and shook his head; then, withanother " good-night" from him, and a bow from Mr. Graeme, which I returned without meeting his look, I went on my way. Arrived in my own room, I turned the gas full on, looked in the glass wonderfully at my j pale face, and thought of the proud beauty of Marion. "Itisanhonourtohavesuchawoman for a friend," I said alond—" it is an honour to have such a woman for a friend." Then I sat down with try hat and cloak on, and mechanically took from my pocket' the paper this friend had placed there. Wondering vaguely for the moment what it could be—for the fact that I had it had quite slipped from my mind—I turned it over and placed it on the dressing- table before me, with the last sheet uppermost. As I did so, my eye fell upon a list of deaths, of which the first ran as follows :— " April 7, at Sydney, Australia, accidentally drowned by upsetting of a pleasureboat, Louis Ernest, only son of the late L. E. Browne, Esq., of Eastbury, Wiltshire." 